user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
,Recommended,207750,10205093,"Posted: 23 May, 2014",all,Senppuu,"Symphony is a must have if you are a music games fan. It allows you to enjoy your favorite musics while shooting stuff, you can also find new weapons to customize you ship according to your play style. Very relaxing! :)"
76561197997899183,Not Recommended,207750,7797162,"Posted: 27 November, 2013",all,Zaron X,"Symphony is a solid idea marred by bad design decisions, from the unlocking of weapons and adjustment of difficulty to simple tasks like song sorting.  The visuals are frequently a confusing mess thanks to lack of contrast and effects overkill, and the deaths this causes are typically more of a frustration than actual punishment.  The play area is regularly overcrowded, with your ship being relatively huge, your hit box fairly large, and the consequences for mistakes being inconsistent (and typically leaving you wishing you'd just died instead with how crippled your weapons can become).I went in really wanting to enjoy the experience, but in the end I can't recommend this to anybody, especially on the same platform that brings so many people Audiosurf and Beat Hazard, either of which will give you a superior experience at a similar price."
,Recommended,207750,7969508,"Posted: 8 December, 2013",all,خانوس,"Symphony is another way of enjoying your music. This addictive and engaging casual shooter uses your music to configure the levels which you play. The game on itself is not very long... the story mode, at least, but as long as you want to just shoot something without complications and good challenge (do not forget the point of having your music integrated in the game), this little jewel will make wonders, so the real life of symphony is as long as big is your music library.The mechanical is quite simple. You choose one song, and then, depending of its characteristics it throws to you to beat (and to strike you down mercilessly) one thing or other, and while you shoot and dodge cool lights you must collect inspiration points which raise your marker and at the same time repair your.... spaceship ?I bought it just for experimenting and i'm far beyond than pleased with it."
,Recommended,207750,7356633,"Posted: 10 October, 2013",all,Shortlived,"This is another one of those games that I picked up on sale with a little bit of apprehension, but was pleased with the overall enjoyment of the game.  It combines your music with a fast paced, challenging, customizeable, and enjoyable gameplay where you progress through an admittedly sketchy storyline.If you like music and frequently have a handful of minutes that isn't enough to invest in a ""real"" game, but too much to let idle, then this is a fantastic game for you.  Caution, after about three songs, you will start to cry -- blinking is a gift.  Don't over estimate it."
,Recommended,207750,8611222,"Posted: 7 January, 2014",all,ĸawaιι σνєяρσωєяє∂   (づ｡◕‿‿◕｡)づ,"Symphony is one of the few titles of the music-driven genre. To those not yet familiarized with this style, it consists of procedurally generated levels, and this procedure utilizes songs chosen by the user to create the levels. If you use the same song, it will always create the same level (if the difficulty chosen is the same, obviously).The game is superb. The graphics and level of content in this game will keep you busy for a LOT of time. There is a lot to unlock and do in this game: you beat songs to get items, then you need to collect Kudos and Inspiration to unlock and upgrade these items. There are a lot of unlockables in this game and each song will unlock something;An extremely enjoyable gameplay that is relaxing at earlier difficulties, but also can be very challenging at the hardest ones. The leaderboard system is awesome, it takes into consideration every aspect of your performance, including your ship power (the higher the power the less points you get). You can (and should) make ship builds in this game using the weapons and upgrades for optimal performance when beating songs.Controls are straight-forward, you can even put auto-fire on separate weapons in your ship meaning it will fire without the need to press the left mouse button.There is a bug which causes the game to crash when analyzing any MP3 songs, I have never seen anyone else with this issue though. All other music file extensions run just fine.Last but not least, another cool aspect of the game: To unlock difficulties you need to beat ""demons"" which randomly invade your songs. Those are pretty cool to fight (and challenging, too).Recommended!My scores:Graphics: 10/10Controls: 10/10Content: 10/10Story: 8/10Replayability: 10/10Bugs: -1Overall: 47/50"
,Recommended,207750,13326677,"Posted: 11 December, 2014",all,Ｎｏｖａ,"An absouletly fabulous game-- beautiful and well made-- easy to pick up, difficult to master... etc. There are a lot of things I could say about the experience that is Symphony, but it really is hard to put into words. If you're farmiliar with musical lingo, and fluent in reading sheet music, then this game will become one of the most entertaining and musically stimulating experiences.Have you noticed I've been refering to it as an experience? Well, I mean, this is one of the only titles I know in which you can import in speedcore techno and rock out while going through a horribly difficult bullet hell, and immediately swap over to something calm and classical while stil destroying interesting and yet heavily frustrating enemy types.Pros:Can import ALMOST any song and play it to your difficulty levelAwesome menu musicFun upgrades and weaponsReplayibilityAuto fire optionsCons:You cannot import songs longer than 10 minutesCan get painfully difficultBosses are spontainious and impossible to predict their encountersEnemies can be unforgiving if you lose a ship partUpgrading ship parts gets really expensiveOverall 8/10.  Buy it if you like bullet hell shooters, or even just arcade style games."
,Recommended,207750,9880809,"Posted: 20 April, 2014",all,Demonslayer2222,"Well i kinda like this game and a great addition is the demon bosses trying to steal your music, i still would say overall that beat hazard is the better music game out of all i have played but this is not boring and is fun to play, does it keep you interested for hours upon hours like beat hazard i would say no but if your can get it on sale then its worth a chance if you like music games like beat hazard, audiosurf and turba."
76561197966134367,Not Recommended,207750,24567019,"Posted: 27 July, 2016",all,Luihutin,"If you've got the music library the size of a postage stamp, this game is fine. But if, like me, you have closer to 100,000 songs in your library, this game is a headache that's not worth your time.I am already genuinely confused that this game needs to assign powerups to songs, but it's even more baffling that there isn't a proper search filter function, or just a basic ""press the first letter of the name of the song you're looking for"" in this thing. Even worse, if I accidentally hit the button to assign folders to search music from, I need to go through the process of looking through 100,000 tracks again - faster, but still time-consuming. Are you kidding me with this system?And icing on the cake, if you ever move your music library around, like, say, from your hard drive to an external one for absolutely understandable space reasons, the songs in the game just float around dead, informing you that they can't be found in their original sources anymore. You can still upload those same songs in the game, but they won't count, they're just duplicates now.Too many music games make the mistake of not having a proper filtering or search option, but this game went way and beyond making the process feel like a headache. If you have a big music library that you do not wish to start reorganizing just to appease the whims of this game, then avoid.For any reference to the developer: For god's sake, just let me pick a song from my library and play it."
,Recommended,207750,16506710,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,[LiterallyABurningBaby] Skotty8,"I have to hand it to these guys. At first I thought it would be a game you play in short bursts then move onto the next game, but no. They made it extremely fun with customization of your ship and being able to play any song. Then there is the different difficulties. At one difficulty you may feel like ""Man I barely made it through that last level! How am I gonna beat the higher difficulties?!?!"" but you improve as you play more and challenge yourself more. I LOVE THIS GAME!!!!! <310/10 - still play over and over even after beating the symphony."
,Not Recommended,207750,9464804,"Posted: 14 March, 2014",all,Mighty Joe,"I enjoyed playing this game but have concerns about security issues and dev attitude(s). Here's the thing. Some time after installing this game, I noticed that someone had installed a user named ""Matt"" on my system. I couldn't see this from my own computer, but from another computer on my LAN it was all too apparent. Google ultimately led me to a Steam thread regarding this game identifying the issue in January, 2013. I discovered the hidden user over my Lan in December, 2013. In at least one entire year's time, it had not been fixed and no attempt had been made to inform customers before, during, or after purchase. Since the dev had not been forthcoming with a fix, an explanation, and an apology right there on the store page or the forums over the course of an entire year, I can only presume a. the dev does not really care about his customers or his image, b. the dev has done it intentionally for some unexplained reason, or c. both. In any event, I uninstalled it from my computer and advise you to skip it.Correction: The dev finally did post an explanation and an apology in the forums after my complaint in December, but I have to say I agree with user Bloodshed regarding the impact of the dev's error in judgment. I enjoyed playing the game, but I'm still bothered by the way that players have been impacted, and as Bloodshed states(http://steamcommunity.com/app/207750/discussions/0/630799905146964256/)I can imagine a good number of people may never discover the cause of the problem or may have spent money trying to get it resolved. Hopefully, none of those people were taken in by the increasingly popular tech scams out there.So there you have it--fun game, but a grievous error in judgment. I will never reinstall this game on my system. Whether you trust the dev or not is entirely up to you. I appreciate the effort that the dev is making, but I'm not sure I enjoyed the game enough to risk restoring trust. How would you feel if you were having family computer time and someone asked you who this Matt was that is on the home network? If the original message(s) regarding this issue hadn't been posted on the Steam forums by other customers and if I hadn't been lucky enough to discover it, I might never have resolved this issue. I can see the potential of this creating a very frustrating experience for average casual gamers."
76561197975140704,Not Recommended,207750,7773279,"Posted: 26 November, 2013",all,FUBAR!,"I do like this game but: the menus are horrible.  Searching for a song is painful, and there is no option to just keep playing a playlist (as the game limits the time of a song).  I would recommend it but this stuff won't be fixed, and with games like Beat Hazard, which has better menus and can play a list of songs, it is hard to recommend this over it."
76561198325515671,Not Recommended,207750,25364385,"Posted: 5 September, 2016",all,AnUglyOldGranny,"Won't read 90% of my library of songs thanks to it requiring DLC and Quicktime. The DLC I have no issue with, in fact I bought the bundle so I have it. Requiring Quicktime is my issue. Quicktime is a huge security risk to Windows users and until this game can read my library without it then it's thumbs down. Shame, since the game is fun when running properly."
,Recommended,207750,25199553,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,viad,"Symphony is a music based game similar to Audiosurf and Beat Hazard with top down shoot em up gameplay. Overall the game plays more like Beat Hazard with its shooter style, but also throws in some unlockable and upgradable weapons and even a full story complete with different bosses.Similar to other music based games, players can select their own songs to play with. The only limitation is that songs must be greater than 90 seconds. A bundled soundtrack is also included for players who don’t have many songs. The shoot em up gameplay of Symphony is similar to games like Galaga, with the goal being to score the most points, preferably by clearing out each wave of enemies and gaining a combo for each consecutive wave clear. Enemies appear based on the intensity of the song, with fast complex parts tending to put a large amount of enemies on screen. Each enemy drops a music note, which needs to be picked up for earning points and also repairs your ship. Additionally, bombs and invincibility power ups can drop from enemies once they are unlocked separately. There are a variety of enemy types, ranging from weak ships to tougher ones with devastating attacks. Deaths don’t end the current game, but it does incur a loss of points.Once the song ends, if it is the first time a song is played, a weapon will be available for unlock. Then, two kinds of points are rewarded, one for the raw score and another for reaching a certain score goal. These points are used for unlocking and upgrading weapons. Symphony allows four weapons on your ship, and there is quite a variety of different weapons to choose from. On harder difficulties, new enemies get introduced along with new wave patterns. The harder difficulties also tend to add more enemies on the playfield and increase enemy health. Thus, it’s necessary to use some strategy when building your own ship, and weapon upgrades are required to stand against higher difficulties. Overall, Symphony looks much like other shoot em up games in terms of gameplay design. The progression based system with the unlockable weapons is quite unique though, and it does a great job of encouraging new playstyles and playing a variety of new songs. It’s good simple fun with new play styles to try with mixing new weapons and customizing your ship’s loadout.With a mix of bright and flashy graphics, Symphony uses an interesting blend of different styles. During gameplay, the color of the screen is based on the current intensity of the song. Calm parts are blue while intense parts tend to a warm orange. Enemies and your ship are rendered as wireframes, kind of like in old arcade games. There are a lot of classical motifs in this game, evident in some of the particle effects and in the instrumental sound effects. The particle effects in this game are quite nice, with each hit spewing many particles on screen. In a screen with many enemies it can get pretty difficult to see things with the bright colors and many particles, but overall it does look nice and flashy. Sound effects range from typical weapon sounds to more classical inspired sounds. Taking a mix between colorful and bright design and classical music styles, Symphony forges its own style that stands as unique while fitting the themes of this game very well.Believe it or not, Symphony has a full story. A mysterious entity has taken over your music, and you must free the five great composers and collect pages of the Symphony of Souls. I’ll be honest, the story isn’t exactly complex, but it’s a first for music based games to have some kind of story included. Throughout the game, bosses will appear randomly in a song you play and the boss must be defeated in a certain time limit. There are five different boss types and four different attack patterns for each type, with each appearance mixing up the strategies to take them on. Collecting pages of the Symphony of Souls unlocks new difficulties and each boss drops a lot of points to spend on weapons. It is very unique that Symphony introduces a kind of story to the game as no other game that focuses on using your own music has done this. The story is simple but the boss designs are quite nice and are a treat to fight when they appear randomly during a song.Symphony does a great job of having music based gameplay in a top down shooter. Enemies appear based on your music’s intensity with a good variety of enemy types, while unique features such as unlockable and upgradable weapons and a story with randomly appearing bosses sets Symphony aside from other games. A good visual style that is modern yet sticks to classical music for inspiration goes great with the theme of the game. Symphony offers a solid amount of exploration with your music, using different sets of enemies per song and offering various weapons to customize your ship and your play style."
,Not Recommended,207750,11574426,"Posted: 6 August, 2014",all,Kokoloko,"Whenever I see a game that tries to be a ""music"" game that reacts to what the song is like and so on, I compare it with the glorious audiosurf, and most games can´t stand the comparison, neither can Symphony. I just expect more, enemies that spawn on the bass, levels that differ, and Symphony just can´t convince me in that regard."
,Recommended,207750,8065614,"Posted: 16 December, 2013",all,Slade Wilson,Symphony is like cool lights and spaceships and blowing up things and music and stuff. Cool stuff.
,Recommended,207750,25303379,"Posted: 2 September, 2016",all,FionaUna,"So firstly I just want to say:Wow.Wow.WOW.I'm a big videogame soundtrack nerd which was initially why I went for this game in the first place. THIS IS THE GREATEST MUSIC GAME I HAVE EVER PLAYED!I've been looking for a game like this for a long time - something that I could play my own music to but with a story-based purpose. Granted the story isn't particularly extravagant but BOY is it epic to be in the middle of The End Run from Mass Effect when all of a sudden you are confronted by a virtual demon that wants to corrupt your music. Anyone who doesn't like this game because of the gameplay clearly hasn't played it while listening to Duel of the Fates or Megolovania or the rest of the soundtracks from Star Wars, The Elder Scrolls, Undertale, Dragon Age and Mass Effect. This game is absolutely amazing for an indie-game. The menu is so satisfying and smooth to use and DAMN that menu music. It's such a basic concept but it works tremendously well as a music game AND as a shoot 'em up game. Fair warning - if you're looking for a rhythm matching game where your actions have to match the music then this isn't it. But if you're up for some good ol' fashioned shooting while listening to your fave tunes then you'll love it. The music isn't just there as an added feature though; the louder and more intense the soundtrack is, the harder and more intense the gameplay gets - I would know because I played Duel of the Fates in the background and it was EPIC.Sure some people might not like the over the top arcade style effects but each to his own. I for one love EVERYTHING about this game and encourage any music nerd who has hundreds of different soundtracks on their computer to get this. Seriously. It's the best.Big thank you to developers for making my life a better one :-)"
76561197971948490,Not Recommended,207750,12736486,"Posted: 1 November, 2014",all,Wraith_Magus,"This is another one of those games that was built for a tablet, rather than a PC first, and then was ported... and it shows.Shooter games rely upon precision, but touchscreen-based tablets lack that utterly, so they made a game where you are hypothetically encouraged to use precision, but where your shots sweep the whole battlefield, your ship takes up a massive space (much larger than it appears!), and enemy bullets are likewise far larger than they appear, leading to deaths from things that miss your ship entirely.But who cares?! You get infinite lives, anyway!  Plus, it's not like it matters half the time, anyway, because your shots can be upgraded to so overpowered that you kill everything before you even realize it's there, and firing in all directions. It's such that ""play"" largely involves just collecting powerups with proper timing to keep a chain alive.Since score is the only thing that determines how well you did, (you can ""beat"" a song by simply walking away from the keyboard for the full length of the song, no participation required,) then collecting note powerups at the precise timing to keep a chain alive is literally the only thing (besides purposefully underpowering your ship to up a challenge modifier) that exists as a means of judging skill.I would only recommend it to people who really love their music library, and just want even more excuse to listen to it."
,Recommended,207750,16725053,"Posted: 26 June, 2015",all,NewTides,"Symphony is simplistic and easy to pick up but can get brutally difficult. Difficult, yes, but impossible to put down. Symphony is utterly unique in every way, from it's idilic artstyle to it's original mechanics. It uses music from YOUR library and molds it into a unique level. Everything from enemy formation, to speed and intensity. You man a four gunned fighter with completely customisable weaponry. The difficulty is completely contolled by you in terms of music and ratings. The more intense the song the faster the enemies fly. Symphony is a brilliant game with awsome, original mechanics and a sinister story-line. There's just nothing quite like it.Over all rating: *****"
,Not Recommended,207750,7854622,"Posted: 30 November, 2013",all,Haxton Fale,"Symphony is a terribly mediocre game.Song picker is clearly not the best thing ever, caching your entire library instead of letting you browse through folders, and supporting only filtering by artist or album. The interface is also full of bugs, with Kudos or Inspiration meters either floating off the screen or overlapping with text. And then there are also hover detection issues, with some items not being completely selectable unless you find that specific area where clicking works.In terms of gameplay itself, the game encourages you to move on to the next difficulty level as soon as you unlock it, giving you just enough kudos to upgrade - and then becomes frustratingly hard, with chaotic and overcrowded game area with no place for you to survive, not to mention hitting anything before dying. Not that you would know what killed you - with the default graphic settings, your bullets' and the enemies' bloom mix together creating a lighty mash where nothing is discernible, including bullets headed your way. There's no guide to the enemies eitheryou have to observe them in this weird mix and try to see what they are doing and guess what to do in return before you die. And then there are bosses, which increase the frustration even further, because 1) you can't choose when or where to fight them, so an appearance of one can simply ruin your chance of a decent scire and 2) they are a bit like tougher versions of some of the enemies you see, but much more deadly and much harder to kill, designed to minimize your breathing space as much as possible. That's not nice.Symphony seems like a music game, while it's simply a music-based shmup, with no rhytm in the gameplay to speak of (the tempo of the game has very little relation to the actual tempo of the music). Heck, even the starting settings favour SFX over music.The game would be very nice to play every now and then if it didn't force you to progress by making the boss fights unavoidable (the boss is in this song you like to play? Tough luck, you have to either fight him or not play the song at all). It could also be a better music game or a better shooter, instead of trying to be both at the same time, with something more added on, and failing at it."
,Not Recommended,207750,20363524,"Posted: 6 January, 2016",all,DubVulture,"Nice game for the first hour, then you will notice that it's always the same and the levels are very similar to each other. You could disable the music and put a random track in the background and feel no difference.After the Mezzo-piano difficulty, Mezzo-forte and so on are completely impossible to beat 100% for the 95% of the songs: plenty of enemies, small arena and a big collision box due to the large ship.Not mentioning the ""cannon balls"" fired by the enemies ships that can't be seen when the arena became red (on black background) since they're red or black.The story is useless for this type of game and unattractive, the Bosses are easy and only of 5 types. There should be a way to ""deactivate"" the story mode if I do not want to be interrupted when I'm playing since it doesn't allow you to record a score on the leaderboard because of the extra points you get for the Boss."
,Recommended,207750,1163179,"Posted: 12 June, 2013",all,El Fap De Guitario,"Well played!An addicting shoot 'em up, where your music generates the levels.Not like Beat Hazard this game has weapon unlocks and upgrades and a story."
76561198085772832,Recommended,207750,7089325,"Posted: 25 August, 2013",all,L-chan,"An evil entity has enslaved the souls of five of the world's greatest composers, and has overtaken your entire music library! What are you gonna do? SHOOT HIM WITH LAZORS!!!!!Seriously though, this game is AWESOME!! Very addicting, and it is just so cool!! The boss battles are sometimes rage inducing, but rewarding, plus you get to blow stuff up to your favorite music! What could be better!...Aside from a Twinkie, yeah yeah yeah, stop thinking about snacks, people >/!!!I hope there is going to be a sequel someday, that would rock--LOL!! Get it? Rock? Music? No..? Bleh...PLAY IT!!"
,Not Recommended,207750,1118266,"Posted: 12 August, 2012",all,SpaceJammerSlammi,"Symphony is a fun game, but it suffers from a weird problem- the stuff that's synced to your music is generally enemy behaviors and patterns.  And they die too quickly to really see anything cool happening.  The boss fights seem to ignore the music entirely beyond the speed at which things move(and even saying that might be a bit generous).  Get it when it's a cheap steam sale if you like music-generated stuff or flashy shooters.  Otherwise, it's a pass."
,Recommended,207750,2226784,"Posted: 8 September, 2013",all,Paikia,"It took me some time to make up my mind about this game. At first I thought that combining shooting and music might be one of those ""Innovation farts"". In my book, ""an innovation fart"" is a failed attempt to take something good and try to change it into something supposedly better, by adding a gimmick or another sort of surprise to the mix. Except on this case, I actually like it! I won't presume to understand throughly the connection between the shooter-gameplay and the music, but it works.The gamplay itself is pretty simple (""Space Invaders"" style shooting), yet the intensity of the ingame-action is directly linked to the intensity of the music. The ranking system and the achievements are obviously about music as well. Since you have the game use your own music library, you're going to enjoy the soundtrack too. :PFor the bottom line, I say - this is a very cool, spicy and refreshing ""Space Invaders"" style shooter. If you like that idea, get this game, it's definitely worth it!"
,Recommended,207750,10898063,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,Bethic,It does have a story !!!! in a music game !!!11/10 LMAO
,Not Recommended,207750,7774019,"Posted: 26 November, 2013",all,BetreutesWohnenTobias,"Contains one of the most inane, stupid, unnecessary and hate-inducing interfaces I have ever encountered. Avoid if only to punish the designer. >:("
,Recommended,207750,6357164,"Posted: 7 June, 2013",all,i fucking am a fucking weed slut,ily so much
,Recommended,207750,24615932,"Posted: 30 July, 2016",all,SuperCraig64,"Symphony is a indie developed shoot-em-up developed by Empty Clip Studios that was released on Windows in August 2012, and Linux and Mac OS X in May 2014. To be fair, the custom music genre has been touched quite often when it came to games on Steam. However I find this one sitting on a pedestal somewhere among the names of Beat Hazard and Audio Surf.The story of the game isn't complex as other games I have reviewed recently, but it's still something worth noting.Upon booting up a new game, you are greeted by a mysterious entity, saying thatmusic is what ties our souls and minds together. Along with that, it also mentions thatit has taken control of your music,captured five of your greatest composers, and has composed theSymphony of Souls..using it to grow in power and eventually will use it to materialize into a physical being, potentially being the end as we know it. Using your ship, you must pilot through your music library and liberate it, free the souls of your best composers, and assemble the split pages of the Symphony of Souls in order to stop this mysterious entity's evil plans. It has to be a demon though. Glitch demon perhaps? Glitch grimlin? I can imagine myself shouting ""glitch! glitch!"" over and over again now.The game looks very pretty! Everything does, unlike Beat Hazard where the insane particle effects are the best thing about it. The ships, the game screen, the game menus, even the various power-ups and demons you encounter are just pretty and overall fit well with such a game that strives to be pretty as the name suggests: a symphony.The gameplay isn't too unqiue, but it does have it's twist with the genre. You control a ship, shooting down enemies. There's no actual way to lose, as if you die you only lose Insperation, which is score in this game. Your ship can be damaged in-game, but collecting Insperation also repairs your ship. When in doubt, collect Insperation. Insperation also acts as a currency for upgrading your ship weapons and unlocking new weapons and power-ups, such as a bomb or invincibility. Also it should be noted, that while your music has power over enemy spawning and potentially your difficulty, it doesnothave control over your ship power. Beat Hazard punished it's players for playing calm songs by making their ships weak as ♥♥♥♥. Over here in Symphony however, it only makes the enemies appear at a calmer rate.Eventually as you play through the game (on the highest difficulty you unlocked), you will encounter a demon. These demons were made from one of your greatest composers' souls by the evil entity in an attempt to stop you from putting a wrench on it's plans. Each time you defeat a Demon, you gain a piece of a page of the Symphony of Souls. From what I can tell, each page requires three pieces to complete. Resulting in the total number of demons to be 15. However, there are only 5 unique demons; this is because every demon has to be fought three times each with a stronger ""form"". The first one may only throw walls at you. Then he comes back shooting more walls and some bullets. Then he goes ape with the walls and then tries to shoot violently. You get the picture.Each time you obtain a page of the Symphony of Souls, you unlock a new dificulty. New enemies are introduced, and the AI gets smarter. At the same time, you earn more Insperation and Kudos from the higher difficulties. Oh yeah, almost forgot about Kudos! Kudos is a currency gained from acomplishing certain Insperation milestones during a stage, which ultimately judge your ranking. Obviously a 1-Star ranked score will earn less Kudos than the 2-star score, with the 0-star gaining no Kudos.Normally I would judge the game's music as well, but I rather not for this review. It's a game that's purely determined byyourmusic after all, right? If you want something from me regarding the subject, I loved the menu theme and found pleasure purposely idling there just to listen to the calm music. I didn't pay any regard to the ""pre-packaged"" music, due to my liking of game music more (along with my vast library of music).Sorryz..While I'm making this game seem perfect, I need to note some flaws it has:- This game has no cloud saves. I can understand that since everyone's music is different and there is looooots of music on the internet. However, it would be nice to at least have a backup save on the computer in case the first one is corrupted somehow. If you wish to know why I'm asking is because I lost my saves twice. My first one was from moving to a new computer (the save was near game completion, with at least four pages of the Symphony of Souls completed), and the other I just quit to the menu and it somehow deleted my save..I guess. Everything's alright now, but if it gets any worse I'll make sure to make a thread in the forums regarding this issue.- The tutorial I believe cannot be skipped. It's pretty annoying having to go through it again, especially if you lost your save.- While the normal settings are pretty alright, the naturally set mouse sensitivity is quite slow for me. I had to crank it to around 120 or so before I got the speed I wanted my ship to go. Yes: your ship is controlled by your mouse.- There does not to be an option to make the game windowed. I can understand if the game is unable to, but usually I tend to enjoy my games windowed, especially if they tend to freeze up.- I can't seem to adjust my computer volume while in-game. It might be just a problem with my computer itself, but I'm putting it here just in case others just happen to suffer from this as well.- Since I'm using game music, most of the time the enemies come off of sync. Nothing's perfect though, but it's pretty close to the actual beat. (I blame the instruments used in those songs, as they are retro and can easily throw a game like this out of whack.)I do hear the game crashes for others, but I'm assuming it's a rare coincidence as I have yet to have a single crash on the game. Plus, the game has been updated quite a lot since it's release in August 2012.My final judgements? While the game isn't perfect, it's a game I'd love to share with anyone who's interested into such games where your music makes a difference. I would only recommend thisifyou have a good library of music. If you need more songs and just happen to love game remixes, I suggest dropping on by to the OC Remixes website. There is a large collection of game remixes there, all of which are high quality.Back with the final judgement, I would recommend this game to anyone who has a loving passion for music such as myself. However I don't see why you wouldn't give a game like this a try, as it is only around 9$.Also to you Empty Clip Studios, you have definately earned my respect and my cash. c:"
,Recommended,207750,2997510,"Posted: 30 June, 2013",all,GhostsheLL,If you have music on your pc and like old arcade spaceship shooters check this out.
76561197972291747,Recommended,207750,566942,"Posted: 29 November, 2012",all,meathorse,"I like listening to my music, intertwined with casual gameplay and pretty lights and colors. Symphony does this well. The lights and colors are VERY pretty. The weapon upgrades for your ship thing are suprisingly diverse and satisfying. Symphony even has a volume control for sound effects, so you can have all your pretty colors without all the in-game chime noises polluting your mp3s.However...There are boss battles. Why are there boss battles? Why are there boss battles that suddenly, spontaneously start in the middle of songs that are currently playing? Why are these boss fights substantially less fun than the standard game play? Why do the boss fights supress the audio of my music? This is a maddening act of flow breaking self sabotague.On the bright side, they're fairly rare :)Thumbs up for $5!"
,Recommended,207750,2030505,"Posted: 25 October, 2012",all,[KL] Darth Elsar,"Quite a nice game. Like in Audiosurf, it's nice to play on your favourite musics. You can personalize your ship with different weapons, more and more powerfull toward the end. Even if you could quickly feel that it's repetitive, you can play quite long before totally ending the game and completing all the achievements."
,Recommended,207750,7943324,"Posted: 6 December, 2013",all,Kurostein,"A relaxing game, what's better than play a fun game and listen your preferred musics?"
,Recommended,207750,26305073,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,Rê,"One of the first games I bought on Steam and I love games that involves music features, the fact that you try to free your own music from a demon in the game is quite original. Gameplays are always different giving the songs that are chosen to play. As always the game has a great interface, but a very complicated way to filter your songs in a list. I really enjoy playing these games and I certainly recommend them for you."
,Recommended,207750,4122688,"Posted: 8 May, 2013",all,Dajoowie,Lovely game with nice graphics and just an all around fast-paced arcade-like feel to it. Really love it especially for how cheap it is.
76561198035004965,Recommended,207750,7532111,"Posted: 31 October, 2013",all,Frost King,"Symphony is a veriation of Audio Surf, except with guns and enemys generated by the beat and rythem of the music, faster paced music makes for more intense fights.  Style is minimal at best but the game is absurdly fun, decking out your ship in an arsonal you find hidden within your own music, there is a character trying to break into reality through music and I adore this thing, it is awesome and I love the way it talks.  If you love music based games this one is an underated MUST buy."
,Recommended,207750,29018824,Posted: 4 January,all,Barbour,Sometimes can be overwhelming and can fall out of sync at times but overall a quirky idea and enjoyable overall.
76561198076782576,Recommended,207750,6837781,"Posted: 27 November, 2012",all,SPELL IC🅱️M NIGGA,absolutely addictive.  just buy it.
,Recommended,207750,1235291,"Posted: 27 August, 2012",all,The_Thang,"One of the best videogames that syncs your music and takes the concept graphic designs that resemble Galaga and Geometry Wars. Your music can't be too long or too short and depending on how intense your music is you will have a blast playing this game. This also is the first music-synced game to even have a storyline where you must free the Symphony of Souls. You can use tons of upgrades on your weapons and powerups using credits and kudos you gain from achieving goals. It's fun, but intensity makes this game.Rating: 9/10"
76561198028633132,Recommended,207750,27950295,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Hernalk,"Many games use music to create an atmopshere, or just to make the game more enjoyable. But only THIS game uses music as gameplay. Every soundtrack you have on your computer or linked storage device will have it's own stages and rewards.It may not be the most original in term of raw gameplay, but it certainly is in the concept."
76561198049659450,Recommended,207750,10812205,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,BloodMoon,Anyone who love music should play this game! :D
,Not Recommended,207750,30052508,Posted: 19 February,all,jackd23,"I really wanted to like the game, but... I can't get over how frustrating it is, when your ship (basically your large mouse cursor) jumps across the play field wildly. Assumably due to some hiccups in the game, interpreting the mouse input all exaggerated.The UI as a whole feels like icing that was hastily and half-heartedly smeared onto a delicious cake, with a toothpaste filling (because of the mouse input issue). There's also some screens that lack consistency, when you finish a song and select to play another random one, you never get to see what it is before you start for example.Something that would've been incredibly simple, a (fuzzy) search for songs in the main menu, makes it effectively impossible to search for songs you want (if you have 10k+ imported). The Artist/Album filters feel clunky and are useless if your library hasn't perfectly filled in tags. This is unforgivable :(Or as the unknown entity would say... ""AAAaaarrrrgghhhh!"""
,Not Recommended,207750,20524414,"Posted: 14 January, 2016",all,Rangeloveh 64,"I love this game. It's a very interesting take on ""Powered by your music"" type games, and the powerup system being unlocked by playing songs is a very interesting idea. That and it's a lovely arcade-style top-down shooter.Unfortunately, I'm going to have to give this a negative review based on the UI alone.Seriously, the UI (User Interface) for this game is downright AWFUL. It only displays three songs at once, which wouldn't be an issue if there was a ""Select from Windows Explorer"" option. Beat Hazard and Audiosurf both have this and it makes life so much easier. On top of that, the controller support in the menus is also rather poor, with the ""cursor"" frequently going exactly where you DON'T want it to. It honestly feels like a mobile port the UI is so awful. Beat Hazard has a mobile port and the UI for that game isn't even this bad.There isn't even a way to search for songs I've found, so have fun scrolling down the list for eternity.Pick this up ONLY if they ever fix the interface. The UI is just so cumbersome it makes the entire game unenjoyable."
76561198054677928,Recommended,207750,8922137,"Posted: 31 January, 2014",all,Murasaki Inu,This game is sexy :D
,Recommended,207750,4263706,"Posted: 27 August, 2013",all,MagicianForHire,"Absolutely Ridiculous. Enter something worse than ""Hell Mode"" with each difficulty increase. Swarms of enemies flying everywhere... better start upgrading."
76561198067726388,Recommended,207750,6505953,"Posted: 4 January, 2013",all,Vanity,"Have you ever played Space Invaders? But wished it was 10x faster, with spectacular light shows, unique power-ups, and demon bosses?Yes? Then this is the game for you!Play through this fast paced game while using your own songs to fuel it!Edit your spaceship with the new weapns and abilities you can unlock.And protect our planet from a ruthless demon trying to enter our world through YOUR music!::WARNING:: This game contains constant flashing lights, audio tracks, and pew pew lazers. Do not play if you have no appreciation for pretty colours, lazers, good music, or protecting our world from evil.  Plus this game can become addictive.That is all."
,Recommended,207750,11001153,"Posted: 1 July, 2014",all,gigobyte,"I really like this game, I find myself playing and then more playing...can't get enough."
,Recommended,207750,1889124,"Posted: 28 August, 2013",all,Arkaid,"TL;DR: Galaga meets Audiosurf!It's a nice indie title. It plays like the old-school galaga, you know, little space ship in the middle of the screen, taking down enemies, picking up power ups and whatnot, but the levels are matched to the music playing in the background, a-la audiosurf. After completing a song, you are given the possibility of spending game points to unlock upgrades for your ship to make it more deadlier!!It's cheap, it's entertaining, I give it 4 out of 5 cabbits!"
,Recommended,207750,6361265,"Posted: 9 September, 2012",all,Ringwraith10,"This game is pretty awesome. It is categorized as a rhythm game, but that's a bit misleading. Though the game is very sensitive to the music you choose (any music you want!), you don't necessarily have to do anything in rhythm with the music. It's more like a space invaders style arcade game... set to your music. Regardless, it's a pretty awesome game."
,Recommended,207750,203023,"Posted: 19 August, 2012",all,runleveljames,Easily the best music-based procedurally generated game on the market. Think Beat Hazard but with better music interpretation and even more dazzling particle effects.Tons of unlocks and difficulty levels create replayability orders of magnitude higher than other music-generated games... Highly recommended for music & shmup fans.
,Recommended,207750,18874462,"Posted: 4 November, 2015",all,Nezumi,"IDK what to say but overall it's a good game.The game can be a bit hard at first but you'll improve your skill as you progress through the game, get new weapons and upgrade it, customize your ship, and the visuals are great but can be confusing sometimes."
,Recommended,207750,24268299,"Posted: 11 July, 2016",all,OGMoney,Wasn't sure what to make of this game so I took a chance and it's awesome. Jamming to your tunes and killing ships as they appear to the beats.
76561198026348852,Recommended,207750,8144678,"Posted: 20 December, 2013",all,Norbik ^0CZ,"Just one word ""Symphony"" it's just like that a great game with music u want and with beautiful UI. If u connect this to TV screen it is just awesome, totally worth the money."
,Recommended,207750,17542129,"Posted: 14 August, 2015",all,Ardyn Izunia,"Beautiful. That's all that I need to say, but I guess I'll say more.The gameplay is hectic, tight, and is actively adjusted by your music.The visuals are simple, but great. The colors make it beautiful.The sound, well that's all up to what music you play with.Leaderboards adjust to how well you do, the difficulty you're on, and how good your weapons are. The better the weapons are, the worse your score is.Play with anything, from classical music, to dubstep, even to podcasts.This games is amazing."
76561198072494274,Recommended,207750,8169695,"Posted: 21 December, 2013",all,Siemprez,"Really fun game for that price, great art, well dosed difficulty, ..."
76561198038674678,Recommended,207750,4535326,"Posted: 6 October, 2012",all,Kana~Chan,"This game got me addicted in less than twenty minutes. You pretty much upload your own songs, and the game generates its enemy ships based on your song's beats. There are boss fights, as well as beautiful visuals. This is definitely a must-buy.I actually was able to play an entire 1-hour or so music mix on this game! I couldn't do that with AudioSurf!"
76561198065751939,Recommended,207750,6412884,"Posted: 28 August, 2013",all,Fukken Cumming,"very fun game, a true time burner since youre listening to your favorite songs while also playing to the beat. has a few shortcomings like the bosses or  limited space where the enemies flood the screen and there not much space to dodge. for 4 bucks its still worth it though. rock and rap seems to be the hardest of all the genres of music, being neigh impossible to complete on normal and on hard absolutely horrific."
,Recommended,207750,6576146,"Posted: 4 December, 2012",all,Amber,"Gorgeous, addicting visuals set to your own music. It is so easy to get lost in this!"
,Recommended,207750,12882636,"Posted: 10 November, 2014",all,Shiroro,"It was fun while it lasted, I like the fact that you can add in your m=own music to the game, but the main missions feel like they end a bit fast and reaching the end game weapons seems a bit too easy.  There could have been a bigger variety in weapons as well, but for the price, this was a pretty fun game."
,Recommended,207750,14916235,"Posted: 16 March, 2015",all,Opal,10/10Like Audiosurf with guns.~IGN
76561198048265883,Recommended,207750,16585803,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,Trapshot,"This game is amazing.  It's exaclty what I was looking for; a shoot-em-up with a retro 80/90's feel, with "" 3D vector-graphic style"" ships and a boatload of neon colours that I can pick up and play, and then drop again when I need to carry on working.I've been playing games for so long now I really was becoming despondant with a lot of the latest releases, especially big names.  I just wanted something like Rez (Sega Dreamcast) with a modern resolution/sound, nice controls and a shedload of playability.  Here it is.It's not sophisticated in its approach, but behind the scenes there is so much going on to ensure that the playability is right up there with the best of them.The fact that you can use your own music, it's quick to load and sterling to look at is just the best combination. Who doesn't want to just listen to thier own favourite music whilst destroying random spaceships and defending your music collection?Seriously, this is the type of game that large companies should take note of.  Well done and thank you for making this game, it puts a smile on my face everytime I play it with an album/track.A+, Buy it now.  Then buy it for someone else.  Then review it.  Then throw your Xbox/PS4 in the bin and go outside; this game lets you do that."
,Recommended,207750,6953406,"Posted: 20 January, 2013",all,TheAnonyMormon,"Symphony is very much like Beat Hazard for iOS. It's not about graphics, it's not really about gameplay either. It's more just there to prove a point I feel. The way it uses the music actually affects the gameplay quite dramatically, even down to the speed and intensity of the weapons available. I like Symphony and I know it's not everyone's cup of tea but if you like your own music, awesome gameplay and a classic Asteroids/Space Invaders style theme (not to mention a lot of time on your hands), then this addictive game is for you."
76561198095924054,Not Recommended,207750,25634581,"Posted: 22 September, 2016",all,FusionJay,"I expected a lot more from this game but it fails to keep me interested to continue playing after unlocking the higher difficulty. The corrupt mechanism doesn't work, which is why I purchase the game in the first place, I'm not sure if its broken or it never existed, I can do very poorly and still listen to the music perfectly, with that be said the game is really repetitive.  The same enemies swarm into the area and you shoot them down and collect the music notes to reach your score objective. A new higher difficulty gets unlocked after randomly obtaining 4 pages of a song from defeating bosses. The game offers a soundtrack with a variety of artist, which I really didn't not enjoy but the game does provides the option to import your own music into the game.I can safetly say your better off playing a vertically scrolling shoot 'em up arcade game like ghost pilot while having your media player in the background plays your music, without the corrupt mechanism the game doesn't really offer anything incredible to sink your teeth in."
,Recommended,207750,27440529,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,BaRa 95.,"Interesting music game. I like the story line. Tho I started the game multiple times, I finished symphony of souls only once. As a music lover, I like games in which you can ""play"" your music and except Audiosurf this one is my fav."
76561198034600665,Recommended,207750,14005922,"Posted: 15 January, 2015",all,Sabrebear,"A beautiful little rhythm game. You might be annoyed by the fact that harder difficulties are initially locked, but once you reach them you're in for the ride of your life. Nods in the achievements and the structure of the light story clearly show that this is a game by music lovers to music lovers.I've played with classical, electronic, and jazz and have gotten great levels out of all of them, with significant variance in the design (the key features being the speed of enemies affected by the tempo and the number of enemies by the volume).Honestly I was shocked to check the Steam usage stats and see just how few people play this game on a regular basis. I would wholeheartedly recommend it. I would alse recommend the Extra Credits youtube vid on the game-- it was what got me to buy the game in the first place!Caveats:If you've already got Beat Hazard or similar, well, the gameplay is somewhat similar (action shooter to music).The actual area your ship is in is smaller than it seems, and your hitbox is larger than it feels like it should be. The counterpoint to this is that picking up points repairs your ship, and oftentimes you won't die from one hit. Still, the ship size gets annoying, especially with higher enemy densities and higher difficulty settings.Weapon drops are seemingly by random chance, though if you have enough music this won't be a major issue until the late game, when Furia (rare) weapons become more important. Level 5 standard weapons will get you through, but it's certainly harder. In my experience this wasn't a huge issue, as Furia weapons dropped often enough, but if you're unlucky...Overall I give this game a Recommended/10."
,Recommended,207750,15130438,"Posted: 30 March, 2015",all,[GD] Not David Brown,"This game is amazing. I love how accurate the generation for the levels are, it amazes me every time I put in a new MP3 file. The intensity increases at the chorus, and for the first time ever, IT KNOWS THE BEAT! Games like Soundodger+ have terrible automatic generated levels. I had so much fun going through a bunch of levels with my own music and the one from the game, and I actually kept playing from the story that this game has. I do think the ending was a little wimpy, you never figured out who the enemy guy is, and if they make a sequel to see who it is, this game would be even better. Great job, I would give this a 9.5/10!"
76561197993275591,Recommended,207750,9543120,"Posted: 18 March, 2014",all,NotSureFry,Practically Galaga with your custom soundtrack. Entertaining and colorful shooter.
,Recommended,207750,19229493,"Posted: 22 November, 2015",all,Chef Excellence,"I've actually had Symphony for well over a year but had barely touched it until recently fishing it out of Backlog Pugatory. And I'm glad I did—it scratches the same itch as Audiosurf, running your digital music through some algorithm or other to generate levels. But Symphony takes the conceit and whacks a manic shmup into it, and the result is a lot of fun.The plot: Seems there's some demonic entity thing which is devouring the souls of the composers in your music collection or something...yeah it's dumb but just go with it, it's an arcade game. You fight off its many minions with the occasional boss fight interspersed, blasting them to smithereens while listening to your music. As the intensity of your music increases, the colors get brighter, enemies move faster and are harder to kill, and your motions become more spasmodic as you try to kill everything while collecting all the powerups.It's similar in concept to bullet hell/danmaku/Touhou/what have you, but you will not be threading the needle here. The hitbox consists of your entire ship, and brushing up against enemies or their fire results in losing an outrider section of your craft—as well as the gun mounted on it. However, your craft can easily be repaired by picking up powerups in the form of musical notes. This, coupled with the occasional invincibility powerup, makes ramming enemies a totally legitimate strategy in a pinch.Difficulty scales up at a controlled enough rate that you're able to maintain a consistent degree of challenge even as your weapons get bigger and badder. Between plays you're given the option to configure and upgrade your craft's weaponry, and it's here where the gameplay is at its most strategic—do you want to focus heavy fire to forward, quickly taking down more powerful enemies? Load up on rapid-fire elements and send glowing hot plasma hurtling in eight directions at once to mop up the weenies? Close-quarter shotgunning? Long-range missile batteries? All are available to you, and all are viable.Song selection's not the most intuitive thing, and if like me you're more likely to stream music than keep 5 GB of it lying around on your hard drive you may find the selection a bit thin. The plot's whisper-thin—not a bad thing in itself, it only needs to be substantial enough to give you a reason to shoot stuff. But the prime villain keeps popping up to chat about thie insubstantial plot, often while you're in the middle of a level and would rather see what you're doing. But these are fairly minor quibbles, not enough to ruin the experience. Symphony is an enjoyable shooter that's as exciting as the music you pump through it, and at this stage in its life it's a cheap pickup. Have fun with it."
76561198074482718,Not Recommended,207750,25339930,"Posted: 3 September, 2016",all,XenonBlu,"For me in particular this game is extremely underwhelming.First of all, the UI and songs selection are fairly clunky. This game wholly lacks a search function or file browser so just selecting the song you want can be a nightmare, particularly if you have a lot of songs that are lacking the correct info tags, as searching is based on artist and albums.  The UI just feels very unintuitive and clunky, but that can be gotten used to.  There are a lot of just minor annoyances like tabbing out means you have to shut the entire game down with crtl + alt + delete sometimes and all options resetting on creating a new game.Then there’s the gameplay which really is hit and miss for me at least it just did not work for the music I listen to.  I initially tried just some upbeat jazz, Charles Mingus – Moanin’ to be exact and the game really didn’t do the song justice what so ever.  It just has a hard time dealing with any kind of complex rhythm and multiple layers of sound that you would see in jazz and it often times just felt like a really disinteresting shmup that didn’t match the rhythm of the music.  Also doesn’t do anything interesting for slower songs at all.  Then I tried The Family Chrest – Beneath the Brine, and worked better than the other things I tried for sure, but still I felt it didn’t do it justice, like even in the like when the song kicked in nothing really started happening, like even during the climax of the song there where only few ships to shoot on screen.  The thing that really got me though is everything that happens on the screen is extremely formulaic and really didn’t change to fit the music well it’s was just the same sets of waves that seemed like they were just randomly assembled like a tile set. Really through most of the game I felt like I was playing a boring shmup with a music visualizer in the background and in addition the sounds of you shooting and exploding everything was really intrusive and didn’t fit the music since of course you shooting things isn’t synced with the music.Really this game failed for me on many levels, but that doesn’t mean it will for you.  In general I feel like this game is really just optimized for Dubstep and other electronic style songs, so my advice is to try it, see if it works for your style of music then if it doesn’t refund the game, if it does you probably have a real nice game despite the clunkiness here and there.  For me though I’m going to go back to playing guitar to all of the music I like rather than trying to find a game like this that gives me the same feeling."
,Recommended,207750,11106979,"Posted: 6 July, 2014",all,WASDragon,"PLUSES:+ Nice gameplay+ This game is not likу Audiosurf.This game is about classical and instrumental music+ A lot of weapons and demonsMINUSES:- Some weapons' sound are higher than music. For example, ""Shotgun"". And it is annoying me!"
,Recommended,207750,16334040,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,AngelHavok,"This game is great. Absolutely fantastic. It's an awesome blend of old school shooter mixed well with the challenge of playing through your own music. That being said, there is no need for there to be a story to this game (which there is...loosely) and there is absolutely no reason why you shouldn't be able to skip over the cutscenes. By all means, don't get rid of the boss battles, but, lesbihonest, every time that demon guy starts talking all I can hear is the nerd rage building up inside at why there isn't a button to skip these cutscenes that add nothing to the game. All in all, however, totally worth buying."
76561197997898843,Not Recommended,207750,25120419,"Posted: 24 August, 2016",all,Sho Minamimoto,It seems interesting at first but it quickly gets boring. All songs end up playing the same regardless of the song type.
,Not Recommended,207750,20758908,"Posted: 25 January, 2016",all,Lifeisgood,"Play beat hazard instead, it actually has gameplay."
,Recommended,207750,10323954,"Posted: 2 June, 2014",all,Zephram☼,"Tired of enemies shooting giant waves of bullets at you? Wanna BE the GUY that SHOOTS those waves? Wanna know what Shooby Taylor's ""Stout Hearted Men"" would be like if it were turned into a music-based shoot-'em-up? Buy this game and find out."
,Recommended,207750,15516760,"Posted: 24 April, 2015",all,Narcissistic Cannibal,Basically this game is your music being played in a Galaga/Space Invaders style shooter. Pretty fun to play if you are bored. Needs more boobs.
,Recommended,207750,16509618,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,Blitzykrieg vas Qwib-Qwib,"The guitar solo in the song ""Through the Fire and the Flames"" (That I downloaded into the game) had a boss battle in it, quite fitting"
,Not Recommended,207750,11854742,"Posted: 24 August, 2014",all,Cyn Powered,"I've played this on Linux, and I can tell that it SUCKS, don't know in windows, but here the controls are somehow ""locked"", when I try to reach different songs in the menu there is some invisible ""wall"" that doesn't allow me... Inside the game, I can beat everything by staying on the bottom of the screen and mantaining the shooting button, so it's nothing but boring."
,Recommended,207750,7552003,"Posted: 2 November, 2013",all,Vexed,Damn good time killer!
76561198041654594,Recommended,207750,18164609,"Posted: 23 September, 2015",all,Zack the Legendary Super Saiyan,"This game is just really great it's very similar to a regular fps with the player always using a ship and to add to that it turns your music into a big part of the theme of  the game what's not to like you get to listen to music, and play a game depending on the difficulty setting you set it to and the length and type of music will determine how hard the game is, otherwise it's fun as hell in my personal opinion."
,Recommended,207750,811509,"Posted: 16 August, 2012",all,mark | dj.,"It took a long time for any developer to finally beat the brilliant Audiosurf game, gameplay-wise, but it looks like Symphony has managed to pull it off.If you know of AS then you'll feel right at home with this game. Instead of moving your mouse, collecting and avoiding blocks, Symphony is a shoot 'em up. You'll be using your mouse to move your ship around, while shooting from 4 different angles with your guns while the game generates the enemies based on your choice of music.If your music is (reaching an) up-tempo (part) then the field will become red and more enemies will arrive. Shooting down enemies will result in giving you points. These points will place you on a leaderboard when the song is over. Shooting enemies will also give you random, upgradeable weapons and power-ups. These can be applied to your ship, making it stronger but also more difficult. Also, every now and then a boss will pop up and killing these will unlock more difficulties later in the game.Superb game ![Rating: 86/100]"
,Recommended,207750,25391946,"Posted: 6 September, 2016",all,rybcat,comprehensive review of symphony♫ :)
,Recommended,207750,32056706,Posted: 29 May,all,i love minecraft,WOW this game really knodcked my socks off!!! i liked that part in it!
,Not Recommended,207750,25582781,"Posted: 18 September, 2016",all,jahum1,I hope they are able to fix the current problem with not being able to run quicktime on windows. I can't play half my library due to quicktime no longer being supported on windows. Thumbs down until something is figured out
76561198108991166,Recommended,207750,31877501,Posted: 21 May,all,DarkBlue,"music is good ,but can't feel the connet with game"
,Not Recommended,207750,25389231,"Posted: 6 September, 2016",all,Tararabbit111279,"I purchased this game knowing that it did not support a controller. However the game itself gives you no options to map keys/actions to your keyboard. The game is played with a mouse. Some people may like this, but the lack of remapping functions is a deal breaker for me, and is the reason why I can not reccomend this game."
,Recommended,207750,4981165,"Posted: 13 July, 2013",all,Tanuki Raccoon,Let's Rock!!!
76561198094614102,Recommended,207750,29705362,Posted: 4 February,all,PhysicalPhantom,This is a very fun way to listen to your music.
76561198076509425,Recommended,207750,16117694,"Posted: 1 June, 2015",all,Reguba (the enigmatic squirrel),I write reviews when I'm bored. Coincidentally I play this when I'm bored also.
,Recommended,207750,8442136,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,MrCokeacola,"Very Music, Much Spaceship, Wow Effects."
76561198179624186,Not Recommended,207750,14526951,"Posted: 18 February, 2015",all,katelinmetadata,"Good: levles depend on your musicBad: THE SOUND, AND THIS IS A BLOODY MUSIC GAME FOR PEAT SAKE. After less the five minuets the audio breaks and makes a weird sound and it is not ffmpeg it is your game,"
,Not Recommended,207750,14506560,"Posted: 16 February, 2015",all,3w0k0nf1r3,Beat Hazard is better.
,Recommended,207750,12548417,"Posted: 18 October, 2014",all,Ghost_Hawk,"Play against a Dubstep song, and you're ♥♥♥♥ed"
,Not Recommended,207750,15802940,"Posted: 12 May, 2015",all,kiwix,Beat hazard is more fun.
,Recommended,207750,1442794,"Posted: 1 November, 2012",all,*Rubs hands in Hebrew*,MORE LIKE MICAHEL ABY-TOVAN WITH ALL THESE EXPLSOIOSNZ
76561197992604711,Not Recommended,207750,22520087,"Posted: 19 April, 2016",all,Zrin,"Decided to get back into this game after a long time of it sitting in my library and what do you know, I ran into the same issue I had that caused me to stop in the first place.This is a good game but I am not going to play it if it isn't going to save my progress.Great game, but it needs a skippable tutorial if its going to just wipe my save every time I play."
,Not Recommended,207750,21615203,"Posted: 3 March, 2016",all,Gonzo,Doesn't actually feel like your playing with music but rather Space Invaders with SOundcloud/ Youtube or your itunes on in the backround.
,Recommended,207750,856859,"Posted: 24 August, 2012",all,Midgard Dragon,Great game.
76561198055674216,Recommended,207750,25803087,"Posted: 1 October, 2016",all,Chris-Citronen,This is the game for you if you like music!!!PLAY IT!!!!
,Recommended,207750,778445,"Posted: 6 August, 2012",all,FZeroRacer,"Surprisingly good. It has much better music synchronization compared to Audiosurf or Beat Hazard, great incentive to keep playing (lots of unlockables!) and fun/difficult gameplay. I highly recommend it if you like music games."
,Recommended,207750,14577837,"Posted: 21 February, 2015",all,Toast,"Imagine playing Galaga, but you can move anywhere on the screen, there is a more diverse cast of enemies, and the stages are decided by your music library. That's Symphony in a nutshell. Challenging gameplay, visuals that are pleasing to the eye, and fantastic music! Overall, I had an amazing time with this game. HIGHLY recommend if you love top-down shooters and music lovers in general!"
,Not Recommended,207750,11740523,"Posted: 16 August, 2014",all,Central Scrutinizer,Imagine listening to music in the bath and every so often feeling an urge to duck your head under water to distort the music. Combine this with a fairly boring shooter and you have Symphony. From developers who don't seem to grasp that actually listening to your music is part of why music games can be so good.Go play Audiosurf or Melody's Escape.
76561198034316854,Recommended,207750,18890618,"Posted: 5 November, 2015",all,120 BPM,"one of the best rhythm based games - choose your favorite music, customize your ship and play to the beat. The graphics are beautiful and there is even a storyline in the background. couldnt recommend it more :)🎶🎼📻📀🎻🎶🎹📼🎧🎶🎷🎤🎺🎵🎸🎶"
,Recommended,207750,13078213,"Posted: 25 November, 2014",all,Sir Toothnad,"Doesn't matter what music you are into this game will suit it, I've played everything from CCR to Dido to In Flames and it's awesome. Recommend it to everyone."
,Recommended,207750,31695528,Posted: 11 May,all,¿¿¿¿¿¿¿¿¿¿¿¿¿¿¿¿,This is great! I love it but I am also bad
,Recommended,207750,16165004,"Posted: 3 June, 2015",all,CampMePlease,Beautiful Game.
,Recommended,207750,31616377,Posted: 7 May,all,Oreo,I really like Symphony!  It is a solid space shooter that goes to my music (and really does!).
,Recommended,207750,9071455,"Posted: 12 February, 2014",all,SEKRIT DOKUMENT,absolutly amazing. best thing to happen to my computer since cs:go. love it
,Recommended,207750,360232,"Posted: 7 December, 2012",all,Yuno,If you like music games (like audiosurf) you will really enjoy this. Bought this for 4€ so its totally fine. 7.5/10
,Recommended,207750,5039871,"Posted: 19 July, 2013",all,Dragon / Kami Ryu,"If you're fan of retro games, if u used to like vertical scroll spaceshooters, if you're an audiophile, this game is FOR YOU!A game where you can shoot to the beat of your favorite songs stored on your computer with TRON graphics.The main story may be the weakest point of this game: just playing songs till randomly you find a level BOSS to retrieve back parts of a Symphony. When you got every part, the main story is over and you can just keep playing songs without finding more ""evil devils"".Pros:-Playing with your favorite songs.-No songs length limit (since last patch) but at least 90 s.-Some Hard Steam Achievements.-Retro & Indie Game (for lovers).-Variety of difficulties.Cons:-A Weak Argument/Story.-Sometimes INSANELY HARD (it may not be a con for someone).-Some pretty-impossible achievements.One of the best indie games i've played.My score: 7.5/10"
,Recommended,207750,886043,"Posted: 4 January, 2013",all,baja gaijin,"It's like Beat Hazard and Audiosurf had a baby but it didn't take the strengths from either, so you'd better be prepared for 2x the jank (even if it does have a few improvements in it).Also the entirely-random progression can be frustrating as hell. Can't unlock higher difficulties until you beat up X number of bosses... bosses spawn randomly! And keep you off the leaderboards! So basically almost every decision in this game is going to♥♥♥♥♥♥SOMEONE off (like ""more powerful ship = lower score multiplier"") and it really all depends on which ones will get to YOU."
,Recommended,207750,2287944,"Posted: 12 July, 2013",all,gorzek,Do you have a good music collection? Do you like shoot-'em-ups? Do you like slightly weird storylines? Then you will probably like this game. GET IT.
,Recommended,207750,4012817,"Posted: 9 August, 2012",all,GamerLEN,"Holy♥♥♥♥♥♥did I stumble across a gem here. If you download a lot of music and like to listen to it while playing games give this a try!Basically, its a classic style space-shooter along the same lines as Galaga, but where your music becomes the stages you fight in. The tempo of the music controls how fast your enemies fly and move, as it increases they'll speed up, as it slows they do likewise. You get upgrades after each song completed and there is literally no limit to what you can use, any audio file is a possability. Whether you want to blow up spaceships to Butterfly, the japanese opening theme of Digimon, or dodge laser blasts while playing Smooth Criminal, or even put in some AC/DC and kickstart your heart. I'm going to have a LOT of fun with this one. :3"
,Recommended,207750,4292989,"Posted: 6 August, 2012",all,Betelgeuse,"Makes a great companion piece to AudioSurf. If you loved that game, then you should surely give this one a try. Pretty much the same thing. The game speed changes based on your music. The difference is that Symphony is built on space shooters rather than track riders like AudioSurf. Aside from the great joy of playing to your favorite songs you can unlock and upgrade powerups, and even change the direction of your ship's firing. Not to mention the leaderboards. I think you'll like this one just as much."
,Recommended,207750,15201251,"Posted: 4 April, 2015",all,M9A1 Gernsback,"Finally, a SHMUP done right.Let's see...Collectable weapons - checkUpgradable weapons - checkCustomize your loadout - checkKiller soundtrack (actually, you define it) - checkMouse support - CHECK (you wouldn't believe how many games today do not support it ""by design""™)Actually has some non-bothering story - checkVariable difficulty done right - checkScore for score maniacs - checkGreat job, guys - whoever you are. And thanks.Definitely recommended to both rythm and SHMUP fans!"
,Not Recommended,207750,24060739,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,HalcyonicAether,"Unfortunately this isn't a game I can recommend to players like me that rely primarily on controller or keyboard to play games due to physical issues. The idea is fantastic, but the mouse control, it just isn't something I am capable of coping with."
76561198271716725,Not Recommended,207750,22414057,"Posted: 14 April, 2016",all,ladyjerrico,"This game is fun sure, but if you want your own music, you need to have iTunes with the songs you bought and downloaded. It also requires you to have another program to use to have the songs in the game and have them on your PC, very much a memory hog. Beating the game is easy with more music of the ones you bought, but I don't recommend it because of it being such a memory hog with the 3 things I mentioned above, not only that, but the game itself too."
76561197998615959,Not Recommended,207750,1835189,"Posted: 12 August, 2013",all,Maximusosaurus,"Ce jeu est une grosse♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ il est sensé cadencer les combats au rythme de votre musique... Rien vu de ce côté, de plus il bug toutes les 15 minutes (Plantage PC), en plus de faire merder ma config' au démarrage qui est tout sauf dégueu'...Boycott pour cette daube qui ne tient pas ses promesses et qui est juste un virus."
,Recommended,207750,13153014,"Posted: 29 November, 2014",all,Deltatech,ːLaserBeamː ːLaserBeamːːLaserBeamːːLaserBeamːːLaserBeamːːLaserBeamːːLaserBeamːːLaserBeamːːLaserBeamːːLaserBeamːːLaserBeamːːLaserBeamːːLaserBeamːːLaserBeamːːLaserBeamːːLaserBeamːːLaserBeamːːLaserBeamːːLaserBeamːːLaserBeamːːLaserBeamːːLaserBeamːːLaserBeamːːLaserBeamːːLaserBeamːːLaserBeamːːLaserBeamːːLaserBeamːːLaserBeamːːLaserBeamːːLaserBeamːːLaserBeamːːLaserBeamːːLaserBeamːːLaserBeamːːLaserBeamːːLaserBeamːːLaserBeamːːLaserBeamːːLaserBeamːːLaserBeamːːLaserBeamːːLaserBeamːːLaserBeamːːLaserBeamːːLaserBeamːːLaserBeamːːLaserBeamːːLaserBeamːːLaserBeamːːLaserBeamːːLaserBeamːːLaserBeamːːLaserBeamːːLaserBeamːːLaserBeamːːLaserBeamːːLaserBeamːːLaserBeamːːLaserBeamːːLaserBeamːːLaserBeamːːLaserBeamːːLaserBeamːːLaserBeamːːLaserBeamːːLaserBeamːːLaserBeamːːLaserBeamːːLaserBeamːːLaserBeamːːLaserBeamːːLaserBeamːːLaserBeamːːLaserBeamːːLaserBeamːːLaserBeamːːLaserBeamːːLaserBeamːːLaserBeamːːLaserBeamːːLaserBeamːːLaserBeamːːLaserBeamːːLaserBeamːːLaserBeamːːLaserBeamːːLaserBeamːːLaserBeamːːLaserBeamːːLaserBeamːːLaserBeamːːLaserBeamːːLaserBeamːːLaserBeamːːLaserBeamːːLaserBeamːːLaserBeamːːLaserBeamːThis is a great shmup that plays your music.Each song in your music folder is a level.Good graphics.Good sound.I'll come back and write more on this title later.Highly suggested.ːLaserBeamː ːLaserBeamːːLaserBeamːːLaserBeamːːLaserBeamːːLaserBeamːːLaserBeamːːLaserBeamːːLaserBeamːːLaserBeamːːLaserBeamːːLaserBeamːːLaserBeamːːLaserBeamːːLaserBeamːːLaserBeamːːLaserBeamːːLaserBeamːːLaserBeamːːLaserBeamːːLaserBeamːːLaserBeamːːLaserBeamːːLaserBeamːːLaserBeamːːLaserBeamːːLaserBeamːːLaserBeamːːLaserBeamːːLaserBeamːːLaserBeamːːLaserBeamːːLaserBeamːːLaserBeamːːLaserBeamːːLaserBeamːːLaserBeamːːLaserBeamːːLaserBeamːːLaserBeamːːLaserBeamːːLaserBeamːːLaserBeamːːLaserBeamːːLaserBeamːːLaserBeamːːLaserBeamːːLaserBeamːːLaserBeamːːLaserBeamːːLaserBeamːːLaserBeamːːLaserBeamːːLaserBeamːːLaserBeamːːLaserBeamːːLaserBeamːːLaserBeamːːLaserBeamːːLaserBeamːːLaserBeamːːLaserBeamːːLaserBeamːːLaserBeamːːLaserBeamːːLaserBeamːːLaserBeamːːLaserBeamːːLaserBeamːːLaserBeamːːLaserBeamːːLaserBeamːːLaserBeamːːLaserBeamːːLaserBeamːːLaserBeamːːLaserBeamːːLaserBeamːːLaserBeamːːLaserBeamːːLaserBeamːːLaserBeamːːLaserBeamːːLaserBeamːːLaserBeamːːLaserBeamːːLaserBeamːːLaserBeamːːLaserBeamːːLaserBeamːːLaserBeamːːLaserBeamːːLaserBeamːːLaserBeamːːLaserBeamːːLaserBeamːːLaserBeamːːLaserBeamːːLaserBeamː
,Not Recommended,207750,8674798,"Posted: 11 January, 2014",all,Hobosapien,"The game spikes from painfully easy to painfully impossible. It makes it a challenge to merely stay alive, let alone be successful at playing songs. The game constantly throws waves at you that become impossible when they overwhelm you, which happens almost immediately due to its enemy spawns in places you cannot keep track of. Stick with Audiosurf or Beat Hazard if you want a fun rhythm game experience with a decent learning curve."
76561197970509330,Recommended,207750,30784999,Posted: 27 March,all,Blurfester,A fun way to blast through your music library. I prefer this over Audiosurf and Riff Racer. 10/10
,Not Recommended,207750,30599330,Posted: 18 March,all,D YellowMadness,"Enemies that spawn instant kill lasers on you with little to no warning. Vastly oversized enemies that explode when killed with a vastly oversized instant kill blast radius. All the enemies have way too much health. The game gives you lots of ways to customize your ship but doing so makes your score plummet but if you don't do it you can't kill stuff. A field of play so small that you usually have to be right next to the enemies even though they could randomly (& I do mean randomly) fire an instant death projectile at any moment with no warning at point blank range.I was consistently getting 1st-3rd place on every song I played until I upgraded my weapons, after which, I started getting around last place most of the time despite killing more enemies, dying less, & maintaining my chains better. The entire screen frequently glows red but so do the enemies & projectiles, some of which are naturally red to begin with. Yeah, this game's not fair or fun. Beat Hazard, Audiosurf, Riff Racer, & Soundodger are all tons better."
,Not Recommended,207750,21516124,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,Squiddlez,"Bland game trying to ride the coat tails of other music based games. Could be decent but the enemies are just cannon fodder that don't do much, other than hurt your score, if they manage to kill you."
,Recommended,207750,4089046,"Posted: 8 September, 2012",all,Commander German Shepherd,"This game makes me happy.Symphony is a music-based bullet-hell game, where you control a customizable ship with different types of upgradable guns attached. The goal of the game is, aside from getting to the end of whatever song you're playing, to shoot as many enemies as you can without getting killed yourself, and pick up points that drop from them. The types of enemies that spawn, as well as their intensity and flight patterns is based on the type of song you're playing, and how calm or intense that song is. Although you have infinite lives, the consequences for dying become steeper as you play on harder difficulty levels. Additionally, enemies also become stronger and more aggressive, leading to Symphony being a much less casual game than one would expect at first glance.My favourite aspect of Symphony is the art style. While simplistic, with most objects being just prisms of light, it is also very remarkable and unique. The colours used are amazing."
,Recommended,207750,30460109,Posted: 11 March,all,|-FR0ST-|,"This game is great and super fun!  The only thing that is lacking in my mind is intergrated Spotify input, that would make it great.  However I beleive it fundementally works by prescanning the song, so not sure that could be technically possible."
,Not Recommended,207750,34041377,Posted: 5 August,all,Great Oppai Dragon,"i like this game, i use to play it with no issues but now i have to buy dlc to decode my music dosent make me happy"
76561197974877837,Not Recommended,207750,7758723,"Posted: 25 November, 2013",all,Spalls Hurgenson,"Games that base their play from the rhythms of a user's own music collections have always been a disappointment to me; the action rarely matches the tempo of the song. Symphony, which is the mutant stepchild of a three-way love affair between Galaga, Geometry Wars and Audiosurf is little better. There were rare instances when the frenetic combat and the pounding beat seemed to synchronize, but more often than not the two bore little similarity to one another. The combat itself is not particularly exciting, with too small a battle arena, too little variety in enemies and weapons, and uninteresting bosses. I mostly played because I enjoyed the music... until it occurred to me I could get the same degree of enjoyment just using WinAmp."
76561198021387034,Not Recommended,207750,23778349,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,matabhaine,"Just my opinion, of course. I bought this due to rave reviews but I found it needlessly awkward to setup, with a rather meaningless music/shooter tie in and just plain dull."
76561198074485264,Recommended,207750,6763458,"Posted: 15 September, 2013",all,Grimuar Grimnox,Замечательная музыкальная норкота!Вылезти из неё практически невозможно. }:D
,Recommended,207750,25458500,"Posted: 11 September, 2016",all,JackFrost22,"ERROR!!!!!!!!!!!!HELP ME!!!!!!!!!!!.WHEN I OPEN IT, ITS JUST WHITE SCREEN AND SOUND I CANT DI ANYTHING.I HAVE TO FORCE SHUT DOWN.HELP!!!!!!!"
,Recommended,207750,2654862,"Posted: 12 August, 2012",all,SamBC,"Immense fun, blending the simple joy of classic arcade shooters with fantastic use of your own music collection. Fantastically enjoyable."
,Recommended,207750,619391,"Posted: 26 November, 2012",all,-[Badger]-,"I have played it for a few hours and already I can see its strengths and weaknesses.1. Audio loading. Other music games like beat hazard and polynomial and Audio surf all load music fairly quick. This game is like an audio player loading up its own library.JUST LET ME CHOOSE MY SONG.2. Level loading is slower the first time. 4 x longer than the others.3. Gui alignment is off in places, passive upgrades are hard to find and upgrade as they are not in a list you have to find that song you unlocked it on.it is pretty and neon. shooter wise its good. the dialog sucks, and the story is kind of uninteresting and intrusive to playing the song.Audiosurf is still king of music arcade games.Limited upgrade power, seemingly unbalanced hit models(sometimes you die sometime you dont)At every turn I feel the need to play Beat hazard. the only this has over that is the wave generation doesnt seem stagnant and predictable.5.0/10"
,Recommended,207750,5604043,"Posted: 12 August, 2013",all,☎Telephone☎,asssss
,Recommended,207750,9877440,"Posted: 19 April, 2014",all,Dr. Brobotnik,"Make a bullet hell out of every song in your music library, with enemy spawns and abilities being dynamically altered to the beat, rhythm, and probably a bunch of other musical terms I don't know. This is a really fun game, but the difficulty scales on what your taste in music is."
76561198073265303,Recommended,207750,10631591,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,B-B-B-Baka!,"Very fun and creative, although its just so difficult as to where you dont throw your key board across the room. Seriously, get this game"
,Recommended,207750,10650952,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,tlelover91,This is a pretty awesome and quirky little game. I love how it is a little shooter which is in time with your own music. Very unique.
,Recommended,207750,6074464,"Posted: 17 June, 2013",all,My Character,"A really fun Shoot'em Up style, Mixed whit Bunches of Upgrades that you can unlock on your OWN MUSIC Library on your computer. The higher the tempo of the song the higher the difficulty increase has it get more intense."
76561198056766407,Recommended,207750,5990924,"Posted: 16 August, 2012",all,night_angel0589,Brings a whole new meaning to experiencing your music. Love it. Recommend for any Galaga or Geometry Wars fan.
,Recommended,207750,10362228,"Posted: 5 June, 2014",all,Not Your Average Gentern,Great game to relax to music with and when you get to a hard difficulty it's actually HARD. LOVE IT!
76561198043674676,Recommended,207750,10401463,"Posted: 8 June, 2014",all,Dragonjazz,"Super cool if you're a fan of bullet hells, shoot'em ups, or rhythm games, I highly recommend this one."
,Recommended,207750,1725224,"Posted: 28 August, 2013",all,DarkEco,"Have to say this is probably the best music based game i've played (only others i've played are Audiosurf and Beat Hazard). To start i've found that the game flows with your music much better than the other two. Beat Hazard didn't work the music element very well in my opinion, the screen looked neutrally cluttered on all sections apart from quiet ones, and enemy pattern changes wern't that noticable. In Symphony enemies constantly enter the screen to the beat, the dynamics change the speed and intensity of the enemies and your ship, and the world colour changes from a cool blue to a raging red. I also have to give it credit for having some sort of level progression. While Audiosurf and Beat Hazard were pretty much about picking a song, getting a score and that's that, Symphony has you playing a number of songs to eventually reach a boss battle within that certain artist. On top of this every time you complete a song you unlock a random item or weapon to attach to your ship, and you also have a small chance of unlocking rare and more powerful weapons if you're lucky. These can be upgraded to help you in the higher difficulty levels. Symphony just goes a lot deeper than the other two and is definitely worth a look."
,Recommended,207750,7323375,"Posted: 6 October, 2013",all,(aethom)  ネコ im a cat,"The ship customization is a welcome addition to a game like this, but I'm not sure how I feel about the visual style (oddly enough, I found it harder to recognize what was going on in a lot of cases than I do in Beat Hazard, and that game is the literal definition of a cluster♥♥♥♥). Outside of some weapons that rely on the music, it doesn't seem like the type of music you listen to effects much other than the number of ships on screen. All that being said, still a welcome addition if you're like me and enjoy doing something while listening to music."
,Recommended,207750,10138742,"Posted: 16 May, 2014",all,London Town,"If you love music and old skool shoot 'em ups, then you'll love this game!!"
,Recommended,207750,7256012,"Posted: 28 August, 2013",all,Aioo,Funny game and also simple
,Recommended,207750,10736574,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,JERKS XLIV: TELEJERKEN U47,"This is a great game for wasting time. It really can be as easy or as difficult as you want it, and the different weapons you can equip your ship with are really neat. The demon/story thing can be a little hokey at times, but it doesn't detract from the quality of the game at all.Now that this is on Linux, I'd say it's a must get. :D"
76561198005894381,Recommended,207750,2334485,"Posted: 7 August, 2012",all,Escurofalcon,"This game is like playing Galaga and Viper while on acid. Chosing your own songs to make the experience of playing makes this game a must get, I will say that this is better than Audiosurf hands down. I dont think you can beat this game either if you have a big playlist."
,Recommended,207750,5578542,"Posted: 16 November, 2012",all,Deafening Shadows,"Very simple concept, but amazing & addictive game! The color scheme and change of aggression sends you for a ride that when combined with your music, gives you a whole new listening experience. Overall I give it an 8 to 9 out of 10 and reccomend it to everyone out there! If you love music, it's worth the price!"
76561198034885285,Recommended,207750,10928601,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,Water Knight,"I was kind of skeptical at first, but I honestly can say I'm glad I picked this up when it was on sale. It's pretty cool that the game adapts the levels to your music. Mileage will vary based on your music collection."
,Recommended,207750,10876881,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,THE .008%,Space Invaders with your music Library.
,Recommended,207750,10939086,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,DemonSun,"Great game, It lets me dig up things from my music collection that let me find new challenges in the game."
,Recommended,207750,11136404,"Posted: 8 July, 2014",all,PIXEL RAMEN,"Pretty neat shoot'em up that goes with your music, love these personally. There are many different difficulties which is great, but some of them getreallyhard. You can also customize your ship with items you unlock and upgrade those as well.I only have one problem with the game, if you have a lot of music, prepare to scroll like crazy. The sorting options are awful."
76561197981222850,Recommended,207750,11043674,"Posted: 2 July, 2014",all,lightforge81,The game is a lot of fun.  Shooting stuff to the tune of your own music honestly does not get old.  The hardest part is deciding what song to play next.  Each song is a level and each level has an unlock of some kind weapons etc.
,Recommended,207750,4317812,"Posted: 19 August, 2012",all,ChiefyBear,FUN FUN FUN FUNN!!!!
,Recommended,207750,11186803,"Posted: 11 July, 2014",all,"Game over, man.","This is one of the best rhythm games I've ever played. It's fast-paced and diverse in terms of gameplay. But I had to get the iTunes and m4a support. If you like rhythm games, I highly recommend."
,Recommended,207750,1171524,"Posted: 9 January, 2013",all,Ed,"It's pretty addictive, though, has some very questionable judgement on what is considered 'intense'."
76561198080108533,Recommended,207750,10970868,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,Drag00n1909,This game was reviewed by the Completionist around 2012 and is one of the best integrated music games released to this date.The premise is simple as you have to shot viruses attacking your music and as you succeed in defeating them it gets harder to do so as bullets go flying and you only have yourself to blame for your mistakes.This game recieves the Generals recommendation
,Recommended,207750,3791514,"Posted: 25 December, 2012",all,Pepperonii-Chan,"A very unique game and a fun way to listen to music while shooting down ships. Vibrant, fun and enjoyable all round. The ship customisation is real fun to fiddle with as well."
76561197997699430,Recommended,207750,1767669,"Posted: 21 December, 2012",all,Pork Voltron,"a classic mix between space invaders and all of your favorite music. definately the best ""use your own music"" type games ive played so far. the games length is as long as a your music library so it has the ability to entertain you for hours on end and will keep you playing different song untill you exhaust your library."
,Recommended,207750,2972203,"Posted: 25 June, 2013",all,Markyparky56,A great new way to experience music... plus lots of pretty colours and explosions.
,Recommended,207750,11232151,"Posted: 14 July, 2014",all,Space Gandhi,Its like takeing 50 hits of acid then playing a bullet hell game whilst your favourite music plays.In other words great game bit repatative the game play essentaly boils down to shoot stuff but they did make the effort to add in an upgrade system and boss battles + a basic stoyline. Id advise playing this game drunk or other wise off your♥♥♥♥♥♥
,Not Recommended,207750,5270308,"Posted: 4 January, 2013",all,Stappi,"Well, the bloom effect is pretty nice. Also pretty much the only thing one can see.The clutter is overwhelming, enemy variety is boring, so are weapons. I can't say anything about collision detection since the ship is not visible half the time. The UI is a mess. ""Import"" of music librabry takes ages, and browsing musc is a pain.The ""story"" won't win any prices either.Voice acting's OK, but that's about it.Also the soundtrack is rubbish. ^^If you want to ""play your music"", go for Audiosurf."
,Recommended,207750,5125454,"Posted: 30 August, 2012",all,lorddoug,A brilliantly simple game with as many levels as songs you own with ship customization and upgrades i would deffinatly recomend it.
,Recommended,207750,12134768,"Posted: 17 September, 2014",all,Y23Y,"As long as you dont have to minimize it, or have anything pop up that forces it to minimize, then you'll be good. It is actually a pretty fun game."
,Recommended,207750,4775412,"Posted: 11 August, 2012",all,Downtime,"This game is brilliant. For anyone who enjoys a good top-down shooter, or is looking for another music-sync game to add to their collection, this game combines the best of both worlds, while also adding some minor RPG elements on top of it all. It's beautiful, incorporates musical elements into game mechanics in a unique and clever way, and provides a great way to enjoy your music in a more active, visceral way. It's great for the casual gamers, as well as those looking for some challenge. Highly recommend this game."
76561198056046599,Recommended,207750,11966283,"Posted: 3 September, 2014",all,Midson Vonjungle,"This game is amazing, depending of the music you pick the game gets pretty insane and fun, I haven't found a single bug yet and graphics are preety good. I only have two major complain, there is ball that one of the enemys throw that ista-kills or if luckly you will lose half of the spaceship and this ball shows up alot time, don't go think that it just appear one or two time this ball is every 1 second going at you litteraly. The second problem is that third difficulty and so on the game screws you up real good, enemys spawn right where you spawn, they keep cornering you and then they throw that insta-kill ball and BOOM you're dead... there are unlockalable items in the game but most of them doesn't help.The game is good? Of course it's a blast, but don't the third to sixth dificulty unless you're a ultra pro."
76561198095289692,Recommended,207750,9622426,"Posted: 24 March, 2014",all,anthonychaves79,Its the best way to lissin to your music.
,Recommended,207750,3754543,"Posted: 7 August, 2012",all,gucci dang,SICK AS FUKKKKKK 10/10
,Recommended,207750,444002,"Posted: 21 November, 2012",all,duncecap,"First half an hour is boring and dull as heck, the story/unlock stuff is dumb and locks away fun but once you start unlocking the harder difficulties and upgrading your weapons it becomes super fun!"
,Recommended,207750,2077744,"Posted: 22 November, 2012",all,Shark,One of the most addctive game I've ever played
,Recommended,207750,1626924,"Posted: 7 August, 2012",all,Mon Zombo,Beat Hazard's handsomer brother.8/10 would bang again.
,Recommended,207750,7298625,"Posted: 3 October, 2013",all,Jordy Boguss,"Galaga meets Audiosurf, with a dose of Space Giraffe and some tacked on plot. At its core, the game is interesting, especially when you get weapons that interact with the music. It's really just an excuse to play a shmup with cool music, though.If you like music or arcadey fly-y shooty things, check it out."
,Recommended,207750,455652,"Posted: 9 August, 2012",all,Glass Eye,"One for the arcade.  If you like(d) games like Asteroids, Sinistar, Space Invaders and Tetris you are going to love this game.  Fast and fun, fun, fun.  Finally a good arcade shooter plus using your own music collection."
76561197969451188,Recommended,207750,355032,"Posted: 10 September, 2012",all,ᴿᴺᴳ Mjølnir,"7/10Entertaining music game for a cheap price. Similar to Audiosurf, Symphony's levels are ""created"" based on your music. The more intense your music is the more aggressive the enemies become.If you finish a track you unlock a new weapon (ranging from shotguns to missiles) which you can equip on 4 stations on your spaceship. Every now and so often you are confronted by a boss fight, which when beaten unlocks part of a music page. The aim of the game is to unlock all the music sheets and rid the Universe of the big bad honcho.Enemy variety is lacking and the game can become monotonous. Its a good game to relax once in a while, not something you spent playing hours at a time. Pro-tip, enable the auto fire function, otherwise you'll end up with a carpal tunnel injury."
,Recommended,207750,7121477,"Posted: 18 June, 2013",all,Trunchbull,"This is a game that rekindles one's interest in music. It attracted me back into the music world, and vivified the experience of actually listening to it, by playing to the beat of it.I had a lot of better words to say when I was actually playing the game, but trying to type it here is too hard. It's hard to overstate my satisfaction, to quote Portal. ;D I can enjoy songs I don't normally listen to.Adding on to that, it kind of encourages you to listen to new songs as well, because it revolves around the songs YOU listen to (though it does have its own selection of songs that you can also play). A game that revolves around you is a good game indeed.I can't even ask for MOOOOORE in this game because it has satisfied me to everything. It feels good to listen to music again.Oh, and the graphics are eye candy for you. It's just so beautiful. ;_;I would recommend buying it. Maybe discounted, though; while the gameplay itself is only limited to the amount of songs you've stashed, it may be a bit repetitive (despite the game generating a whole new layout for each song you have, so each one is unique) to those with short attention spans. The online leaderboard counters this nicely, and it continues to draw me in to tackle the top players."
76561198009068740,Recommended,207750,2544632,"Posted: 11 August, 2012",all,Stannis the Mannis,"It's a Galaga-esque game in which each song track from your playlist is a different stage. The game changes in subtle ways depending on the type of music and after a random number of song you'll fight a boss.What keeps the game interesting is that after beating each track you find an item. It might be a weapon for your ship, or a power up you might find during a level. And these can be purchased with points you acquire from playing levels and upgraded. The other novel mechanic is that your ship has four weapon slots which you can equip and rotate to determine what angle the weapon fires at. Some weapons are context dependent i.e on the beat or other musical key point. In sort the game is fun and has a lot of replayability. Also, it looks bright, vibrant and has a great style. Worth getting now, or picking up during a Steam sale."
,Recommended,207750,514685,"Posted: 11 August, 2012",all,SpiresAwake,"I'm a sucker for games that are shaped by my own music library, and this one does it really well. Finally a worthy successor to Audiosurf.http://www.youtu.be/JNbVJ2lcYys"
,Recommended,207750,3381323,"Posted: 4 January, 2013",all,iSlenn,GREAT GAME! This game is better than audiosurf! I played it from sunset to sunrise. Music that developers offer for us a very good! I did not think I'd see so cool project.  ____MUST HAVE____!
,Recommended,207750,1834228,"Posted: 14 August, 2012",all,Wahrheit,"This game does audio driven gameplay REALLY well. I'm also not usually good at bullet hell games but the skill curve on this one is perfect - it helps ease you into the harder levels as you're ready for them. Check it out, worth a buy! The dev is also really active on the forums."
,Recommended,207750,1436291,"Posted: 4 January, 2013",all,cqdemal,"For a music-generated game, Symphony's.... er.... symphony of light and enemies and explosions and power-ups isn't tied that well to what you're hearing. Nevertheless, it does a good enough job in that department and compensates for its faults by throwing eleventy million things at you and having really pretty lights everywhere.All in all, a neat surprise and far more than the sum of its parts. Not as good as Audiosurf though."
76561198018660341,Recommended,207750,3185224,"Posted: 2 February, 2013",all,Maxximus McClane Freeman Payne,One of the best games out there currently outside of Audiosurf and Beat Hazard that uses your collection of music to create gameplay. Highly reccomend. Won't get boring because of the element of using many different genres of your music.
,Recommended,207750,4983153,"Posted: 12 September, 2012",all,Kenzoku,"A very interesting game where the gameplay is derived from your music (Can you tell I like these kinds of games?). The storyline is this otherworldy demon has infested your music library with demons, evil and other bad things.The overlords of these demons infesting your ear tubes are the corrupted souls of our histories great composers, such as Bach, Beethoven and so on. The only way to ""Liberate"" your music from these tortured souls is to collect the 5 pages of the ""Symphony of Souls"". You get a third of a page each time you beat an overlord, and they get tougher to beat each time you fight them until the third time, where you free them for good.The gameplay itself is a lot like Gradius, or Touhou, or Ikaruga. You only shoot in one direction unless you have powerups that let you do otherwise. As you play songs, you'll unlock weapons belonging to that song which you can use to customise your ship.The ship customisation is very in-depth, and overall, this game is ♥♥♥♥ing awesome."
,Recommended,207750,2514236,"Posted: 24 October, 2012",all,Crow Knight,"Really really recommend this game to anyone who likes action games and music.Just imagine Audiosurf if it were a bullet hell Shoot 'em up. You can pick any song from your music library and the game will generate a level for it, it's so much fun blasting♥♥♥♥♥♥whilst listening to your favourite music."
76561198026951823,Recommended,207750,3749546,"Posted: 6 August, 2012",all,Skadidas,"Cool shooter with multiple skill levels, customize your ship, but the best part is you fight against your own music in your library.  Gotta check it out if you like music and shooting things."
,Recommended,207750,1008075,"Posted: 28 August, 2013",all,AlenasSenpai,"GET IT, GET IT, GET IT, GET IT, GET IT!Like serial!"
,Recommended,207750,16593135,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,FurrySnowflake,"A bit buggy, but still a lot of fun."
76561198064104749,Recommended,207750,6337787,"Posted: 3 September, 2013",all,[NC] Venlesh,"I sincerely enjoy this game, it's certainly a lot of fun.The graphics are very polished looking and pretty, but scarcely overwhelming. Difficulty remains challenging, as I take weeks of break before coming back to play this game again.As a musical composer for orchestra, it was certainly fun to have this game analyze my own original music, and play through a level that was my OWN music. It's certainly interesting, and very enjoyable.This game is something that you can do if you have a laptop and find a few minutes anywhere to play that would normally just listen to music with."
76561198025508549,Recommended,207750,3641179,"Posted: 17 July, 2013",all,AngelicShaft,"Was Audiosurf fairly fun, but you yearned for more? Symphony delivers.Going about the same aspect of taking your music into a game, this game takes a typical space-like shooter and throws in a lot of flashing lights and color to create an ideal playing style. Difficulty ranges high and low, so you almost won't ever feel that it is too easy for the first initial hours played. Weapon customization is very diverse and provides an upgrade system as well.If you like your music, and want to play a game while listening or even play a fun space-style shooter, I would strongly recommend this title."
76561198143972439,Recommended,207750,18837339,"Posted: 2 November, 2015",all,ZeroPantz™,"I love music, especially when I can decide the music I will hear. Everytime I tell myself: ""Just one more song."" But then I am like: Oh this song is nice too, I want to play this one as well! This game is really hard to quit once you start it, since it's so much fun.Next to music, I also love bullet hell games, and this is kind of like those, so it's great. The harder levels are pretty intense, but that makes the challenge and mastering how to get better in such levels all the more fun, and when you just want to relaxedly play through your favourite songs, that's always an option too, and is very enjoyable as well to do. You will earn points at any rate to get upgrades for your ship, and unlock a new item for each new song you play regardless of the difficulty.The visual are really nice too, it's kind of like fireworks, sparks and colors on a dark background, it looks really pleasing to the eye. And the main color that appears also shows the intensity so you know when to be extra careful when it for example turns red."
,Recommended,207750,18931242,"Posted: 7 November, 2015",all,Tek,"Good execution of a concept that pushes your ""Why haven't they done that before?"" button.  I can see passing a controller around in a small group as a good way to let every one have a turn and in turn have a group driven listening experience.  It's simple but more than it's parts.  If there's any failings it's that it can become repetitive due to lack of enemy object variety.tl;dr Neat"
,Recommended,207750,18926557,"Posted: 7 November, 2015",all,GreenPowerStar,You have no idea how badass it feels to fight off neon spaceship armies to your own music.
,Recommended,207750,5450498,"Posted: 26 August, 2012",all,Main Theme - ARMS - Music,"If you want to listen to your favorite music along with a cluster♥♥♥♥ of colors, then get this game."
,Recommended,207750,7799995,"Posted: 27 November, 2013",all,Sugarcult,내가 좋아하는 음악으로 슈팅게임 하는느낌입니다.무슨 말이 더 필요한가ㅏㅏㅏㅏㅏㅏㅏㅏㅏㅏㅏㅏ
,Recommended,207750,18088300,"Posted: 18 September, 2015",all,rickylows2,i do like this game its kind of fun oh word to the wise buy the dlc that allows you to connect to itunes its much more fun.there is a flaw do if you do play this game go do some else while it looks for music it takes ♥♥♥♥en forever to load
76561197994915592,Recommended,207750,17557008,"Posted: 15 August, 2015",all,wiinter,THIS GAME HAS THE BEST MUSIC      ;D
76561198156528805,Not Recommended,207750,16801632,"Posted: 29 June, 2015",all,jwtrooper,I'm baffled... I purchased the m4a support but it still wants me to download quicktime codecs. Windows 8 will play my m4a's without quicktime... it's not worth installing Apple software to use m4a support as it installs so much more than a codec.
,Recommended,207750,1861910,"Posted: 4 January, 2013",all,SOLVERdog from Compton,"It has some problems when trying to sync bigger music libraries but after you've gotten past the syncing phase, the game is a lot of fun. If you enjoy games like ""Beat Hazard"" and ""Audiosurf"" then you'll definitely like this one too."
76561198075673573,Recommended,207750,16609842,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,wrygrass,"I rate the game, Symphony, 3.5/5. Pretty good.A pretty good 2-D Galaga style shooting game which uses your own mp3 music files to control the number of enemies on screen and the speed with which they move. There are as many levels as you have mp3 files to play but despite that, the game becomes highly repetitive early on as the enemies only have a few patterns to their movement. There are several difficulty levels which help keep the game from becoming frustrating but the game's story kept me wanting to complete it for no other reason than so that I would not be pestered by the game's random boss fights. The game's goofy story is really more of an encumbrance to this game but it is still quite fun to play in between times. It would be more fun if one could change the game's somber, sad menu music (ironic for a game based on your music files) but the game's neon-saturated graphics are beautiful and impressive and the game runs well with no major bugs and few minor ones. Pretty good overall but not solidly good. The game doesn't seem to know quite what to do with some songs which sometimes makes for odd gaming experiences."
,Recommended,207750,6802108,"Posted: 30 December, 2012",all,CanesGalactica,"If you like music and games similar to Galaga or Asteroids, chances are, you will fall in love with Symphony. You use music you appreciate in an effort to battle the 'demons' for control of the cosmos in a shooter very similar to Galaga XD.Quite a bit of fun and it contains several difficulties for each song you choose to play."
,Recommended,207750,6102599,"Posted: 4 January, 2013",all,FCV96,"One of the most original and fun games I've played involving music in quite some time.  It takes the form of an intense, top-down ship based shooter and it is incredible.  I can't recommend this one highly enough!"
,Not Recommended,207750,563198,"Posted: 28 August, 2013",all,mebs,"I like the concept and the graphics are pretty, but the song selection UI is horrendously clumsy. If only this game was more like Audiosurf."
,Recommended,207750,13570719,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,Gumi,"If you like the idea of a game that builds levels based off of your music, then definitely check out Symphony. In a short span of time, I've already poured more hours into it than Audiosurf. The inclusion of a simple story and set of bosses makes all the difference in engrossing the player. The leaderboards also work a lot better than Audiosurf's. If you're like me, you'll be saving your most epic songs for when the bosses are likely to spawn. Such a practice was worth it, I found.Symphony is one of those games that hooks the player in and doesn't let go. A simple but effective sense of progression that relies on your awesome array of music, the concept is one guaranteed to grab ahold of anyone in love with their music. I did beat the game within about a day but most of that is down to how much I was playing it. And needless to say, you can still play through your music collection without the story after the game is finished.As far as flaws go, nothing really crippled the experience for me. Some songs were harder to find so I think the menus could be improved. Maybe add a search/sort function. Also some songs get blared out by the game's sound effects as a result of the song being low in volume, so perhaps the game could utilise some audio leveling there.If you've got a collection of awesome songs, definitely get Symphony. That's as simple as it is. An engrossing experience for a low price."
,Recommended,207750,6818108,"Posted: 29 December, 2012",all,jazjulz,"A very trippy music game, Game is kinda like a Asteroids/Space Invaders kinda game but looks ♥♥♥♥in epic and you can play with your own music , lots of difficultys and weapons to unlock its pretty badass, one of those games that would tripp you the ♥♥♥♥ out when stoned , 8/10"
76561197992112271,Recommended,207750,16138250,"Posted: 2 June, 2015",all,Angry,. . .
,Recommended,207750,12367609,"Posted: 4 October, 2014",all,Kellzap,"Symphony is a game that is powered by yuor music, much like AudioSruf and Beathazard. There are some things that make Symphony stand out.At first launch of the game, an ""unknown entity"" has seized control of your music, and you must liberate your library by defeating 5 bosses. Not only does this game have an arcadey feel like AudioSruf and Beathazard do, but it also incorperates a story, which I think is really cool.When you play a round of one of your songs, you will die, however the song won't end and you'll be able to continue to the end of it (but your score will take a hit). After completing a new song you'll unlock a new weapon, and if you have enough Kudos and Insperation (earned by completing more songs), you can buy it and be able to equip it on your ship. So having a large music library is an advantage. Your ship can hold 4 weapons in any configuration you desire. You can even change the angle these weapons can fire, and the firing mode (fully automatic, semi-automatic, manually etc.), so there is a TON of varation to be experimented with.This game supports all the formats you need (.MP3, OGG, FLAC, .WAV, and .AIFF are officially supported). Symphony will not play any song that is less than 1:30 minutes long, but there is no maximum cap.I love AudioSruf and Beathazard, but IMO this game has a lot more going for it, and I highly recommened it.For Linux players, this is a good working port. Thank you Empty Clip Studios for deciding to support Linux :D."
76561198042550758,Recommended,207750,4857384,"Posted: 3 July, 2013",all,Yurtley,"Entertaining if you're under the influence.It's like Audiosurf, but with a few more reasons to play.I thought that having upgrades would be sweet but after about 12 songs, you never need to again.I mean, you can upgrade weapons, but you get new ones every song you complete so it's like whats the point.Why do I need 40 copies of *Mega Blaster*?I can only ever use 4 weapons at a time, and I can't sell the extras.Can't remember how much it was, think it was about $10.00.If you have some spending money it's an alright game.Basically, if you find Audiosurf to be worthwhile, grab Symphony as well."
,Recommended,207750,2798978,"Posted: 27 December, 2012",all,Rhomega,"WARNING: May cause seizures due to bright, flashing colors.Like Audiosurf, this game creates levels based on music in your collection, but I honestly like Symphony more. Even on the slower songs that Audiosurf would make a slow, uneventful uphill climb, Symphony gives you something to do with every song. It takes the form of a vertical shoot'em-up.  You have infinite lives, but you lose points if you die. There is also a basic story involving some evil otherworldly being (whom I call Iron Man due to his glowing white slit eyes) trying to enter our world through music or something.Completing songs unlocks weapons you can buy and upgrade using collected points, and equip them on your ship, letting you aim them in any direction. There are also powerups to unlock, like screen-clearing bombs and invincibility. Occasionally, you'll have boss battles while Iron Man taunts you. Beating them unlocks the Symphony of Soul, which when a page is completed, unlocked higher difficulty levels. Certainly a fun and low-stress (for a shmup) rhythm game."
,Recommended,207750,12431684,"Posted: 9 October, 2014",all,Aginor2,ok so this game is very good. If you like to play games that youse ur music it is great. 2nd best muic game on steam. Melody's escape is better but that game ...that game is great. This game is completly* difrent than melodys escape and is great for some high pased but less pressued action instead of hitting keys at precisly the right time.  Your opononst spawn and behave according to your music and the fact that there is no pentaly to dieng is great so you can play a fun little mini game whlie ur lsiteng to your music great for when ur bored
,Recommended,207750,3612662,"Posted: 18 August, 2012",all,Jinxplay,"A vertical shooter game where stages reflect by a song you choose. An amazingly mesmerizing experience to go through with you music collection, note by note.Take note that it's very colorful and heavily animated. Make sure your eyes can handle."
76561198040985221,Recommended,207750,12266340,"Posted: 27 September, 2014",all,Jacquot,"The only game I know of where I can shoot a 3-d cubist, floating, disembodied head of a composer while playing Day-O.Visually labor intensive, not recommended for those that suffer from epilepsy.The game can be overwhelming and confusing at times because the enemies tend to blend in with the background. Otherwise, very fun and proves to be a challenge later on."
,Not Recommended,207750,3947979,"Posted: 21 December, 2012",all,TheWired,"the first issue i have with the game is that it is not audiosurf, the second is that it's music engine is not as good. the third is the boss fight senarios they are the bain of the game's existance. and the final thing is that the sound effects take away from the music, you open a song for the first time and you are bombarded with soundefects nearly drowning out the song.bottom line: Is it a good game? Yes, for what it is. Would I recomend it? No, this has nothing to do with the game itsself, for me it is all about playtime. and for me this game is good, but not for long. as i mentioned the boss fight senarios are the Bain of the games existance and why i stoped playing it."
76561198067196643,Recommended,207750,11562222,"Posted: 5 August, 2014",all,Cerlancism,"Technical1. Please fix the framerate issue of it decreasing slowly round after round.2. The volume of the music volume when is selected full music and no corruption setting, the volume is not truly the max, based on my soundcard, the volume is around 6.5db softer than it is played on a music player.3. There isn’t a good music library update system. If there are music tags being edited such as album title, the game re-scanning does not pick up such changes, even after resetting all the folders to be scanned.4. When starting the game, please allow players to skip the introductions instantly and jump to the main menu. And the main menu shall be clickable while fading in.5. While choosing music or selecting folders, there isn’t a button found to return to the main menu or rescan the library.6. Currently it only displays English characters and all other languages or symbols are displayed as squares.Gameplay1. The current music analysis is not impressive at all, I thought this game can replace those music visualisation most players offer, but it is not. Please make the shooting more relevant to the direction where the music is going to. Its ok to have longer load time as current analysis time is really short.2. The sub-woofer detection is not really detecting the base drum. Based on what I see so far, the sub-woofer weapon only detects sharp volume changes or it will just follows the beat(sometime is upbeat) of music, especially when the overall music volume is loud. Please make it detect base line rhythms only.3. Please make more dramatic visual appearance when the music gets the chorus or climax, the 1812 overture blast shall spawn more like at least every 4 bar have some other explosions during such climax or chorus."
,Not Recommended,207750,11549477,"Posted: 4 August, 2014",all,billyboblingwa,"Not the most interesting game or best looking. The game barely even matches the songs, if you want a game that truly reflects your music library, play audiosurf, its cheaper and alot better."
,Recommended,207750,1472353,"Posted: 8 August, 2012",all,ThatBenderGuy,A Great game for anyone! People with small and large music libraries will find loads of entertainment from this game!
76561197991285747,Recommended,207750,12192222,"Posted: 22 September, 2014",all,kensan_oni,"Rating Scale: Offensive Unfun FairGoodEnthusiasticWhile not really in the same league as Ampitude or Audiosurf, Symphony is a great way to explore your music collection with a heart pumping arcade experience. Fighting against the spirit of the Great Composers, you level up weapons and gear over time. As you design the game with your music collection, it's a little hard to get bored of the experience, especially when you increase the difficulty of the game. This also allows you to retry the same music track over and over again for a different but similar experience.Overall, I find it a good time waster, and enjoyable. This game is completely dependent on the depth of your music collection, though, so if you don't have an extensive one, you might want to skip this."
76561197983258702,Recommended,207750,967396,"Posted: 23 October, 2012",all,Mencius42,"A must have, its your music so in a way you set the tempo of the game but the randomness of the levels for the songs is amazing."
76561197993011382,Recommended,207750,15910303,"Posted: 19 May, 2015",all,Fork Your Canoe,"very fun and staggeringly frustrating.  Great ship and weapon customization which leads to a dynamic play style.   The boss fights are legitimate challenges, and the story is presented well."
76561198039764754,Recommended,207750,4610523,"Posted: 8 September, 2012",all,Sirensongs,This is probably one of the coolest games I've ever played. Never has there been a more interesting way to interact with your music
,Recommended,207750,14125324,"Posted: 23 January, 2015",all,PyroHunter13,EDM MUSIC + SYMPHONY = BEST GAME
76561198015819533,Recommended,207750,3007258,"Posted: 15 February, 2013",all,Tetrahedron,Play it or I will eat your hands!
,Recommended,207750,15371442,"Posted: 15 April, 2015",all,African Space Jesus,i like these types of gamesjust relax and playthough getting the last two achievments was a ♥♥♥♥♥i highly reccomend this game
76561198132597341,Recommended,207750,15186356,"Posted: 3 April, 2015",all,Gladimir Putin,"Sequence is an interesting way to listen to your music. It's like a space shooter game but the speed and intensity of play depends on the difficulty and song speed.The story really is not prevalent but it does not affect game play. You are fighting demons that invaded your music or something.It's not a game to play for long hours at a time; play it for a bit while listening to music and them move on to something else. Overall, fun casual game to play while you listen to music."
76561198053556180,Recommended,207750,15197805,"Posted: 3 April, 2015",all,greatbelial,"Overall, the game is very repetitive and the enemy waves do not correspond to the music.  Slayer's ""Born of Fire"" offers much the same arcade space battle experience as the opening track from Morrowind.However, it is a game with very bright and flashy displays.  Hence, I recommend this game to anyone with small children as a brief diversion from the usual kids' entertainment.A grand improvement would be to include ""source folder"" as a filter for searching music.  Since much of my music library is non-tagged files from videogames, I do get frustrated finding the videogame soundtrack files that my younger son loves."
76561198118542193,Recommended,207750,15439661,"Posted: 18 April, 2015",all,Lapis,"Do you like Audiosurf? Then keep reading!Symphony is a game like Audiosurf and Galaga had a baby together and gave that baby a plot. Yes, that's right, this game ACTUALLY has a plot!About: As said in the description and trailer, an unknown entity corrupts your artists to become evil demons, composing the Symphony of Souls. Your job is to pass each song you own, defeat a demon version of your favorite musician, and stop the Symphony of Souls from composing. The story sounds a bit cheesy, but it works, and it makes it feel epic! It feels like you're a warrior to the musicians that inspire you!Gameplay: You play as a starship, blasting your foes as you continue. Like Audiosurf, the game gets intense as the music gets intense. Unlike Audiosurf, there aren't trippy waves. Just lots of glow to focus on. Like Galaga, the enemies enter similarly Galaga, it's a bullethell, and it's like playing an arcade, focusing on scores. Unlike Galaga, you have free control, you can shoot in any direction (Depending on setup.), unlimited lives, and NO ABDUCTIONS. If you collect enough kudos and inspiration from defeated enemies, you can even unlock and upgrade new guns and some power-ups. You can have up to 4 different cannons on your ship, and you can change them in different directions as well. The game works, it gets very hectic, and just awesome!Graphics: The game graphics are beautiful as you travel a road of liquidy neon! There are also some addition geometric shapes, special effects, and to top it off, an audio spectrum in front of you in an awesome 3-D perspective!Sound: The sound effects are very arcadish, adding more nostalgia to Galaga. The game also includes a small selection of classical music. (Hence the name Symphony.) In fact, the game uses orchestral terms as well. It adds to the touch. However, if you don't like classical, you can use your own sound library!Pros:+Beautiful graphics, filled with geometrical shapes and glows!+Very fast and addictive gameplay, making it hard to pause!+Another game that uses your own music, unlimited gameplay and replay!+Fun ship upgrades, even some rare ones for more power! Mix and match, and rotate as well for a unique experience!+Creative boss battles, harder and harder each encounter!Cons:-Very trippy, might give headaches and epilepsy.-No demon replayable, kinda boring without them.-No predictability on boss encounters, avoid short or insane songs best as possible.-Some song files may not even load, very aggrovating.I would recommend this to someone!"
,Recommended,207750,15366616,"Posted: 14 April, 2015",all,Micholo,"First of all, I liked this game.I love to hear my songs while shooting at multicolor enemies.It's really cool to see when your ship shoots at the songs' rythm.The music and the weapon menu need a fix though; they need to be easier to navigate.The weapon menu doesn't show how much an upgrade cost (the music menu does it though?).I would recommend this game to people who are beginners to this kind of shooting games and who would love to play with their own songs.Otherwise, it's really simple and repetitive. If you are a fan of this genre, it might bore you after a few songs."
,Recommended,207750,3794392,"Posted: 4 January, 2013",all,Vowels,"Lots of fun, especially if you have a lot of music and you love music. If you like this game, try out AudioSurf also.  It's similar to Symphony, but easier (in my opinion)."
,Recommended,207750,9048392,"Posted: 10 February, 2014",all,Wookiee,Very fun game. no real down side unless you have zero music on your comp.
76561198040023375,Recommended,207750,9708368,"Posted: 2 April, 2014",all,rhythmicSmasher,"It's a shooter that changes based on your music library. There are commons and rare weapons to unlock and upgrade, and a range of difficulties that slowly become available as you demolish the bosses. The plot is thin but the game is very fun. No regrets picking it up."
,Recommended,207750,942820,"Posted: 27 August, 2013",all,Frank,"Yet another great ""ride your music"" title for the PC"
,Recommended,207750,9941665,"Posted: 26 April, 2014",all,P I Я A Q U E,I just defeated a demon while listening to Snoop Dogg10/10
,Recommended,207750,846397,"Posted: 6 August, 2012",all,Paulie Knuckles,Addicting and fun.
,Recommended,207750,8152597,"Posted: 20 December, 2013",all,Dr. Bran: Max Astley,"If you like to shoot waves upon waves of enemies that will hurt your eyes while listening to The Beatles, then this is the game for you."
,Recommended,207750,8154799,"Posted: 20 December, 2013",all,zytzagoo,Fun. Certain music genres have a tedency to be ♥♥♥♥♥in' hard.
,Recommended,207750,3999952,"Posted: 16 September, 2013",all,Diskette Projector™,"I like this game...I LOVE this game...Ahem, now that we have that out of the way, lemme start this recommendation from the beginning then...This game is called Symphony. It's a shmup type of scrolling shooting game, where you have to liberate your music. And by ""Liberating your music"", i mean it by, you can use your OWN custom music of your choice, which then gets generated the level of the music, and you must destroy little ""musical notes"" (the enemy ships) in order to ""liberate your music"".Now this game, 65% of the time, does a REALLY good job at analyzing your music. The more intense your music is, the more aggressive the enemies. And if your music's rhythm is audible (loud and steady percussion), the enemies will spawn and attack on rhythm beats.And now before anyone compares this to Beat Hazard, lemme tell you some stuff about this game:- It's simpler- Has no epileptically dangerous flashing effects, but still looks pretty- I don't like Beat Hazard, mostly because of the 2nd reason above.- And Beat Hazard sucksIf you have a good amount of Dance, Pop, Electronic, and even Classical music, give this a try, and start liberating your favorite music from the evil Demon, trying to possess your music's soul!"
76561198020270276,Recommended,207750,3291519,"Posted: 13 September, 2012",all,𝔓𝔬𝔴𝔦𝔡𝔩,"I love me some music games. This one has intense gameplay with some fun rpg elements that allow for some strategy in regards to ship design. The menus are terrible though. You buy new weapons in the music selection area, but its layout means that you will spend hours sifting through your unlocked weapons to find the specific one you want to upgrade. This gets worse the farther you get in the game and is especially troublesome if you have a vast music collection that includes music from many different artists.If you like music games get it anyway. It's more like Beat Hazard than Audiosurf.(update: I have heard that some of the menu issues I complained about were fixed. Good.)"
,Recommended,207750,1165376,"Posted: 5 January, 2013",all,ConnardMan,"""jeux recommandé, achievement unlocké""(proverbe alcoolisé toulonnais)"
,Recommended,207750,3606838,"Posted: 4 January, 2013",all,Draggy,Your own library of music as the stage of a game where your job is to blow as much stuff up as you can?  Win-win!  If you love music and you love gaming this is a perfect amalgamation of both!
76561198042604808,Recommended,207750,7475744,"Posted: 25 October, 2013",all,All-Purpose Dad Blaster,"There is a tiny list of games that generate levels procedurally based on music you have stored on your computer then let you play to that music (Beat Hazard, Audiosurf, 1... 2... 3... Kick It, etc.), and if that's something you're interested in, I would recommend this one above all the others. The gameplay is frenetic, complex, and stylish, all helped by a compelling progression system. Seriously, don't pass this game up."
76561198054387451,Recommended,207750,5703696,"Posted: 8 February, 2013",all,Kuolema,"Building the Symphony of Souls and freeing your own Music from the demons is really fun and enyoiable.And still after defeating the Demon finaly, it's still fun for hours.Recommended for every fan of Music-based games."
,Recommended,207750,7087038,"Posted: 15 July, 2013",all,flower crown,"Oh my god, this game was way better than I thought it would be! The music is good and the fact that you can add in your own music is awesome too. This game is great"
76561198084500250,Recommended,207750,7060549,"Posted: 25 June, 2013",all,Big Boss,Awesome
76561198000547221,Recommended,207750,1980188,"Posted: 7 August, 2012",all,Thermo Wolf,"Fun space shooter that uses your music to build enemy waves, but supplies its own if you're without.  Lots of cool upgrades to customize your ship with, leaderboards, etc, and just plain fun. It may seem too easy at first, but you'll unlock the other difficulties soon enough. I also think the concept is pretty neat. Oh, and there's always leaderboards for each song~"
76561198035098125,Recommended,207750,7798194,"Posted: 27 November, 2013",all,TubaMaster,"Fun to kill time with, great for listening to a lot of the music that you have on your computer that you maybe haven't listened to in a while.  Not the best game in the world, but worth the few bucks it costs."
,Recommended,207750,1798472,"Posted: 9 August, 2012",all,Whoota,"Once again your music is under attack and it's up to you to save it. Symphony joins Beat Hazard, Audiosurf and the Polynominal in my growing collection of games that have me fight my own music, and I love it so far. In symphony an unspoken force has taken the world's greatest composers hostage and seeks to conqueor the world through music. You have to stop them by shooting them to hell with neon guns and seizure inducing weapons that will set your screen ablaze. Symphony uses your music to generate an enemy attack pattern that grows more intense as your music intensifies. Your vessel can be armed and upgraded to the teeth with the spoils gained. It's is as awesome as it sounds, but there are some minor gripes. Such as how the enemy attacks are hard to spot and navigating the menu to upgrade your weapons is bit cumbersome. Still, this game is awesome and I'd recommend it to everyone who loves music and shooting."
,Recommended,207750,3804114,"Posted: 27 March, 2013",all,Kleinaroo,"2nd best music-based game just after Beat Hazard, highly recommended!"
,Recommended,207750,7812309,"Posted: 28 November, 2013",all,Absintian,"Love this game, of some of the music based games this one has to be my favorite. Top down bullet hell shooters are one of my favorite genre and generated levels add to the fun to not know what enemy is coming next. The way this game does the music integration is much different than I've seen others do. THis one analyzes your music before you play so it reacts and changes more dynamicly than if the game was processing the next move while scanning the music. Also the beat is not the source of the speed of the game, which I love, its more of the complexity of that section of the song that speeds up the level then trhe enemies come in on the beats of certain instruments in the song with each difficulty level adding more things the game references in the song. Little different than games like beat hazard and audio surf which is more focused on BPM."
,Recommended,207750,7813897,"Posted: 28 November, 2013",all,Triste Cordis,One of the best rythm games on PC. Maybe Audiosurf is better but this one is awesome too
76561197963648204,Recommended,207750,157644,"Posted: 15 December, 2012",all,Ambo,This is to shooters as audiosurf is to puzzlers. Although it's actually a fair bit better than that makes it sound...Basic idea is a top to bottom scrolling shoot-em-up where the levels are generated from your music collection. There is a little more to it though as you can gain more weapons and upgrade them by beating more songs. There is a kind of storyline as well but it's pretty throwaway imo. Would have enjoyed the game just as much without it.The graphics are gorgeous and everything is synched amazingly well to both the sound and mood of the music. After the first few games I though it was a little boring but upping the difficulty level soon put me right on that score. (I played TEN songs on EASY before making it through without bying at least once!)I'm not sure it'll have much longevity but it's certainly a fun one for a while.
76561198046571560,Recommended,207750,7819424,"Posted: 28 November, 2013",all,MusicGate,"I must say right from the main menu i could tell this game was going to be something special. It's really has a universal appeal because if you like music you will like this game. That's all there is to it. You have it scan for music (no need to put songs in a specific directory) and boom...pick a song and start blasting (in more ways then one). All of the upgrades for your ship is an added bonus. I got to say i played a wide selection of music and it adapted pretty well. Not perfect but then again nothing is. Highly Recommend It, If you have a large music collection like myself and like video games then this stuffs both of those passions into one. Honestly what more could you ask for? Now please understand if you don't care for music then no matter how cool the game looks you just won't get into it. It comes with some free songs included but the real fun starts when you take music from your collection and play. It can get addicting because you are always wondering....What would this song ""play"" like? I got this game on sale but even at the regular price it just can't be beat if this is the kinda thing that interests you."
,Recommended,207750,1499297,"Posted: 16 January, 2013",all,Dremlar,"Do you like music? Do you like shooting things from 2D space ships? Well then you will love Symphony! I bought this game on sale as I was intrigued and it was cheap and it was an amazing buy! You get to blast away at enemies, have boss battles, pick up new items to allow you to protect your music with more destructive force. Basically, you get to be all out awesome. Grab this game if you love to just jam out to your music and want to do it in an exciting new way. Plus, who doesn't enjoy leaderboards! :D"
,Recommended,207750,2844282,"Posted: 30 August, 2013",all,MaXed (Jinxtart),"Love, love, love !!Combine a space shooter with Audiosurf and this is what you get.I really like this game and unlike Audiosurf this one actually have a small story to it.So just like AS the game scans your computer for you audio files and you can play along with your music.---Rating: 7 / 10 ""Steves""+ Good Feel+ Challenging"
,Recommended,207750,324582,"Posted: 6 August, 2012",all,9th`revolver,"Buy this game. If you liked Audiosurf and/or Beat Hazard, this game is leaps and bounds ahead of both of them combined. Gameplay appears to be simple at first but as you unlock new weapons and enemy drops (I've only unlocked about 6 weapons for my ship so far and you can have up to 4 on your ship as far as I know and mix and match between them) it'll start feeling a lot deeper and rewarding.So much love for this game I can't even.If you're a music game genre lover, do yourself a favour and buy this game immediately. I can't praise it highly enough. You definitely will not regret purchasing it."
,Recommended,207750,2646507,"Posted: 21 August, 2012",all,Anubins,"Audiosurf as a shmup, with a goal to reach.Extremely fun as Audiosurf is, absolutely astounding visual effects...But there's no windowed mode. Which saddens me.Otherwise, consider this a wholehearted recommendation. Great game."
76561198041705933,Recommended,207750,8187492,"Posted: 21 December, 2013",all,retrocounty,Fun simple game.
76561198025075164,Recommended,207750,3593175,"Posted: 5 January, 2013",all,RudeBot,Bullet Hell game driven by your music. Gaming and listening to your favourite music at the same. It's really cool how music affects what's going on the screen. It gets extremely difficult during crazy guitar solos :DBut it's mostly for fans of bullethell. Rest of the people might not find it all that interesting.
,Recommended,207750,1867880,"Posted: 20 June, 2013",all,THB306,Amazing vertical shooter that uses your music as the level! Excellent game for the price.
,Recommended,207750,5096465,"Posted: 20 May, 2013",all,Jammish,"wonderful game, havn't seen many lik it"
,Recommended,207750,1944647,"Posted: 11 August, 2012",all,MSoles7,"This is a must have, has arcade vertical shooters mixed with Audiosurf style music sampling."
76561198066201436,Recommended,207750,6433057,"Posted: 20 August, 2012",all,Cainslove,BUY THIS GUNDAMN GAME RIGHT THE FRACK NOW!!!!!!!!!
,Recommended,207750,2519936,"Posted: 8 September, 2013",all,Lilligan,"They gameplay is solid and fun. The weapon unlock system is also interesting. The game's biggest drawback is the forced difficulty unlocks. There are six difficulties and you have to unlock the last 4 by playing. As someone who tries to start on harder difficulties, this makes playing the game frustrating early on.The cheesey unskipable story scenes are pretty annoying too."
76561198039809807,Recommended,207750,9265512,"Posted: 25 February, 2014",all,CoffeeBurps,"This is probably the most satisfying arcade shooter I've played.  On a high enough difficulty, it would even become a bullet hell game.  But it is just SO SATISFYING going on a super scifi space battle (thats not actually whats happening ingame but it feels like it) to the tune of your favorite songs.  It's like in Top Gun: HIIIIIGH WAY TO THE DANGEAH ZONE!"
,Recommended,207750,9034749,"Posted: 9 February, 2014",all,[PUN] damordman,"Ever wondered what it's like to shoot enemies on the rythm of your music? Well that is what Symphony is and gives you, and it is amazing. Pretty tricky sometimes to avoid the countless enemies, they come and go at the rythm of your music, speeding up or slowing down! If you like a challenge, you sure should try this!"
76561198022695250,Recommended,207750,8944012,"Posted: 1 February, 2014",all,sal_is_sam,I love this game so much. Its like tron galaga with power ups. I love listening to my playlist on this game.
76561198043428449,Recommended,207750,9298730,"Posted: 28 February, 2014",all,..,This game takes any music locked onto your computer and turns it into a level! this game runs great on crappy computers with incredible FPS! You can get epic upgrades which all have there ups and downs. your like a spaceship shooting upwards at the notes. The level depends on the music tone or mood. so every song has it's unique design. There is a story to it too. It's pretty cool. The music doesn't matter. There is no like special music you have to play for the story to go on. Just play and see for yourself. I love it!
,Recommended,207750,9281765,"Posted: 27 February, 2014",all,Roy Mustang,Wow how did I just find out about this game. Shooter + rythm game that I can play my entire itunes library too? Just take my money. Take it nao.
76561198003190412,Recommended,207750,8593747,"Posted: 6 January, 2014",all,hothbeast,"Interesting Music shooter type game.When i initially picked this game up I expected to unlock the music as you progress.  I was wrong you start with the full song,  No remixes.You can import your song library, so basically you can Play this game to your own soundtrack.  A fun and interesting feature.As you get further in the game you can unlock different weapons and customize your ships.Warning:  If you are seizure prone or get panic attacks (like I do)  this game might not be for you.  I often get headaches, and only can play a few songs at a time.Draw backs:  The price.  It is a fun game,  But wait till it goes on sale.Bottom Line:  fun music game, add your own music,  and enjoy....just when it goes on sale."
,Recommended,207750,6019091,"Posted: 29 August, 2013",all,LilChigga,First Indie Game I've ever played. I loved this game because it can enter your songs in it and Change it to Symphony. You can now either listen to your favorite songs and play the game lol !!!!!!
,Recommended,207750,4938235,"Posted: 14 March, 2013",all,Skycure,"Rating: 3/5     ""A simple, fun, and replayable gaming experience.""Symphony is a simple game with high replay-ability.  Your music is under attack by an unknown viral-like entity, and in order to defend it, you must command and customize a ship and fight off enemies in what I can only describe as a grid-field.  Each song in your computer becomes a level, and each level is generated by analyzing the song chosen: that is to say, a slow song portion will typically yield slow moving enemies, while faster segments will introduce more intense opponents.  Symphony isn't exactly a must-have title, but make no mistake: it certainly makes a good addition to your game collection!"
,Recommended,207750,3009774,"Posted: 27 August, 2012",all,zeekstey,"19:27 - ¡ Casual ВИD ¡: omg, i just realized that i can eat burger and play this game at the same time!!!19:27 - MrBalrog: uh19:27 - MrBalrog: really19:27 - MrBalrog: that's19:27 - MrBalrog: okay19:27 - ¡ Casual ВИD ¡: Mouse only game!19:27 - MrBalrog: left handed19:28 - ¡ Casual ВИD ¡: Then use your right hand!19:28 - MrBalrog: i see you put a hat on the nightmare inducing logo19:28 - ¡ Casual ВИD ¡: not me19:28 - MrBalrog: no I don't mean it like that19:28 - ¡ Casual ВИD ¡: it was pre-made19:28 - MrBalrog: i am not left handed mouse user19:28 - ¡ Casual ВИD ¡: then what the hell you meant?19:29 - MrBalrog: Ignore it19:29 - MrBalrog: i was being dumb19:29 - ¡ Casual ВИD ¡: no way, it's my job19:29 - MrBalrog: then i took it"
76561198035932416,Recommended,207750,4357300,"Posted: 5 January, 2013",all,charlatan7472,damntastic
76561198008064481,Recommended,207750,2483743,"Posted: 28 August, 2013",all,Combustable,Clever little game :D Great for killing time
,Recommended,207750,893786,"Posted: 31 March, 2013",all,Exiled Claptrap,"A wonderful shoot'em up experience that uses your music to generate the levels while you play, affecting the enemies and difficulty.  A simple and pleasent visual style and weapon unlocks and upgrades make this a fun game to play."
,Recommended,207750,1298392,"Posted: 22 November, 2012",all,ZuXiXiaXiao,HOLY♥♥♥♥♥♥
,Recommended,207750,8565299,"Posted: 4 January, 2014",all,The Watching Shadow,"Definitely been having fun with this game.  If you like Audiosurf and like the Gummi Ship parts of Kingdom Hearts (or Space Invaders for that matter!) I have a good feeling you'll like this game too.  It's a bit quirky in that you have to set folders and it pulls ALL music from those folders whether or not it meets it's level 'requirement (has to be at least 1:30 long).  The achievements are interesting to try to do and it's amusing trying out new weapons on the ship, their set angle and upgrading them as I try to 'defend' my music."
76561198034013720,Recommended,207750,8559498,"Posted: 4 January, 2014",all,Multiverse,listened to music 10/10
76561198037089395,Not Recommended,207750,4434014,"Posted: 13 June, 2013",all,Silvi,"On the surface it's a fun game, but it has a terrible music management system, extremely poorly handed boss fights and some general boredom factor rushing into it some 4 hours in.Also it's really hard to SEE what is on the screen and the graphic style is just unfit for a fast paced game in which you should be able to SEE what is shooting at you. Generally faster songs turn into a blurb of light and even more light.I strongly discourage you from buying this. The concept seems fine but it's poorly executed"
,Recommended,207750,6494696,"Posted: 18 April, 2013",all,Dinosauwrecks,"This game is great if you have a wide selection in music. The wider the selection in music, the better and more intense game play you get."
,Recommended,207750,3333370,"Posted: 29 May, 2013",all,Leo Gray,"I like all kind of musical games, but this one amazed me. If you like music and plataform ship games, this is the perfect game for you."
,Recommended,207750,277338,"Posted: 3 September, 2012",all,Charkie,"I'm a sucker for games with support for .mp3s that alter the gameplay based on your music, and as far as those go, Symphony isn't bad. It plays a bit like Galaga, although you have much more control over how you move your ship. The music you chose changes when the enemies enter the screen and how fast they move, and sometimes alters their firing patterns. It's kinda hard to pick up on when it's happening, though. The effect is far more apparent and noticible on something that focuses on a strong beat rather than other instruments (Teeth by Lady Gaga is a good example of where you can see it easily). Progression is rewarding, as you unlock weapons and items to buy after beating any new song, and then use those to customize your ship. The biggest downside is that, as of right now, it's still somewhat buggy and a CPU hog, but the dev is working with the Steam community daily to put out new betas and fix these problems.Not the best .mp3 game, but still pretty good."
76561198008024627,Recommended,207750,7951968,"Posted: 7 December, 2013",all,Macavity,"Fun little game for what it is, I had fun playing it.Nothing too advanced.I would advise turning down the special effects a bit so you can still hear your music."
,Recommended,207750,7960480,"Posted: 7 December, 2013",all,MrKoolDragon,"Symphony is a fun little game to play! It has that classic arcade game feel, with great music (your music!). You also don't need a lot of skill to play it, I normally suck at any kind of shooter game. Give it a try!"
,Recommended,207750,13158245,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,Doggo,"I was actually looking for a game that had something, anything really, to do with anime music and it just so happens this game utilizes your own music, so since i have a huge stockpile of my favorite anime music!!!! add one and one together and you get fish (joke :D , but i love playing my own songs). I also thought that compared to other games on the market right now this game has a very unique and indie feel to it. I could definitly see how this game might get boring as time goes on but for the BARGAIN (Today its 2014/11/30) price of only $4 i was not expecting much from this game at all!!! Who knows, maybe one day i will get tired of this game but seeing as my music library keeps evolving on a daily basis, i don't think that'll happen anytime soon. Im constantly thinking of songs and wondering, ""what would this be like on Symphony?"" All-in-All this was a great buy for me and even though i bought this game 60% off, i would have happily bought it at full price.P.S. This game gots me sooo excited i actually made my first review on Steam! x) Hope it helped at least 1 person. DEFFFFFFFFFFF Recomend this game. It will get you like --->http://www.somegif.com/gifs/13596421751847807529.GIF"
76561198025029968,Recommended,207750,13162223,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,lynx009,"What an amazing game! With a large musical library, you have access to an unlimited supply of levels. The only thing I had issue with, watch out with the iTunes DLC, it requires that you already have Quicktime installed on your PC. I didn't, and therefore I wasted a little bit on cash. But that small issue certainly doesn't take anything away from this supremely chaotic SHMUP. The unlocking of new weapons is a real bonus, and the randomness of the weapon unlock drops makes the game quickly become very addictive. And one last note, don't think that picking a slow song will make the level any easier. It doesn't. BWAHAHAHA"
,Recommended,207750,13125999,"Posted: 28 November, 2014",all,chaseacromwell,"I love this game. I love music and I love games. What better combination than these two right? If you get the chance you should check out Hardstyle music, download some tracks and see how you like it. I'm going to be playing this game a lot. 5 stars."
,Not Recommended,207750,13130861,"Posted: 28 November, 2014",all,Deviationer,"You can't pick a song through a file browser style setup, you have to have the game scan your library then pick tracks from either an artists or album. Horrible system. It doesn't even put the tracks into order based on albums just straight A-Z. Also while playing the game you will ""die"" multiple times on the same song. It makes the whole power up system useless when you loose it all a few seconds later. One hit and bam you are knocked down to basic ship, second hit, you are reset completely. The game is not balanced for fun."
,Recommended,207750,13132858,"Posted: 28 November, 2014",all,Arcana,"Pretty fun and (depending on what song you use) fast-paced shooter game with plenty of ""Bullet Hell"" mechanics. It is kind of likeIkaruga, but brighter and shinier and in space with musical demons.My only gripe is not being able to use songs that are under one minute and thirty seconds long for level creation. I like to use little ""nonsense songs"" just to see how the game would build a level around it, like inAudiosurf.If you have a good-sized music library and you like shoot-em-up games (bonus for Bullet Hell games), I recommend getting and playing this game.I give this game a 9/10. If that ""minimum song length restriction"" thing gets removed, I will bump this up to a solid 10."
,Recommended,207750,882455,"Posted: 17 August, 2012",all,Bangermsuk,"great little indie game, added your own music.and blast those aliens"
,Recommended,207750,13150679,"Posted: 29 November, 2014",all,Fred Casden,"This is a fun little game, makes use of your music library. For less than $5 (at the time I got it) it's basically a combination of asteroids and guitar hero, you blast enemies that appear in sequence with the music (try playing it using Sweet Home Chicago from the original Blues Brothers soundtrack... at 7 minuets it's an epic tune for this game)."
,Recommended,207750,284987,"Posted: 7 August, 2012",all,Ausdrake,"Geometry Wars meets Beat Hazard. This is more than just a music game, it's a thoroughly entertaining mouse controlled shoot'em up with a surprisingly deep upgrade system. You can find an impressive variety of weapons after completing songs which you can then upgrade. This provides a bit more depth to the game and keeps things interesting as you progress through the difficulty levels.This is a great way to enjoy your music, and much more involved than many other music driven games."
,Recommended,207750,5648974,"Posted: 7 August, 2012",all,The Surprise,"It is a great chilling out game. Essentially Asteroids, but you always face forward. and have to unlock weapons from beating songs and can customize your ship to fire in various direction based on weapon placement on the ship. Death means little, just less kudos at the end."
,Recommended,207750,10684084,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,Noxx,It's a lot like a new age space invaders to your own music picks. Lots of fun.
,Recommended,207750,10822461,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,Alice,This game is amazing! The colors are wonderful. Bosses are difficult. Level difficulty is understandable. Loved it! Worth the buy.
76561198050317550,Recommended,207750,10817706,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,ax_kidson,I find this game an odd mix of space invaders and DDRI really enjoy relaxing playing this game
,Not Recommended,207750,10806983,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,Manawyrm,"♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t. Buggy as hell under Linux, using Arch testing. x64, nvidia GTX 560.Mouse movement issues, hangs, even a segFault while playing."
,Recommended,207750,10622640,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,TheSkullDragon,Fun and Addictive
,Recommended,207750,10729359,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,Yekinox [FR],This game is amazing and very addictive!
,Not Recommended,207750,1897817,"Posted: 15 May, 2013",all,Omega Preacher,"Nice idea, good eye candy, too easy."
,Recommended,207750,795507,"Posted: 6 August, 2012",all,Ceve,"Waaay better than Audiosurf, if you ask me.By killing enemies, you get ""inspiration"" and ""kudos"", which you can spend to buy new weapons and upgrade them. To get new weapons, you need to play different songs. Some weapons are rare, so that's one ""trick"" that increases the game's lifespan.In order to get more difficulty levels (and to have some sort of story line, I guess) , you need to collect ""composer's souls"" to fully restore the Symphony of Souls. There are 5 pages, each page gives you a higher difficulty.In order to get these souls, you need to kill the ""demon"" which randomly pops up in song.If you want a game which uses your music library, get this rather than Audiosurf."
76561198125241813,Recommended,207750,17454833,"Posted: 9 August, 2015",all,melodysharm,"Even though there are times when this game has problems detecting my music, it's still really fun. Your music is being corrupted by a demon who tries to capture 5 composers and you are the only one who can save them and free your music. There are many levels and upgrades which unlock with your scored points and kudos earned from reaching a level's star goals. After freeing your music and the composers, you can continue freeing the rest of your music or start over."
76561197964048806,Not Recommended,207750,17930639,"Posted: 7 September, 2015",all,PorkFriedLice,"I really tried to like this game but I just have nothing but regrets in the end. The actual shooting game is fairly decent. The upgrades are varied so that makes gameply a bit diverse. There are some strategy involved so it's not on autopilot either. In other words, not too easy, not too hard, not too broken, and not too groundbreaking.However, the only aspect of the game I expected Symphony to be unique for failed to be so. Whichever music I used, the gameplay felt exactly the same. I could not tell if there were any differences when I switch songs, even if that was from sub-100 bpm oldies to a 200+bpm techno. If there were any differences at all, it was way too subtle for me to notice.Also, if your song data contains non-Latin characters, you'll be reading a lot of square boxes as non-Latin characters are not supported. So, for all you weaboos who insist on using native characters for song titles and file names, forget playing this game with your anime music."
76561198062805212,Recommended,207750,17941682,"Posted: 8 September, 2015",all,Hazrard,this game is great i will be honest as a person weho sucks at these kinds of fly around and shoot games it still give me entertainment as there is unlimited lives and when you die you just lose points so its enjoyable plus the weapons you unlock can have their shooting postion changed
,Recommended,207750,3508667,"Posted: 20 April, 2013",all,Timber,"If you've been dying for a colorful, flasy top-down shooter that generates levels based on your personal music library, you have very specific tastes. Also, you'll love this game. (And it's pretty dang addicting even if that's not the kind of game you've been dying for.)"
,Recommended,207750,361323,"Posted: 13 July, 2013",all,JScottyh,Not as great as I thought it would be. I would not recommend this game to anyone that has a HUGE music library as it will want to index all your music first. I really wish I could return this game or give it away. :/
,Recommended,207750,13772025,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,Damian Hightower,decided to crash then give me all the achievements the next time i booted it up.5/5
,Recommended,207750,13627486,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,76561198157834273,"Love This Game.  If you gave me to give you one sentence about this game, I would say it a mash-up between Space Invaders or Galaga with Audiosurf.  Have played this games for hours and can't stop."
,Recommended,207750,2166166,"Posted: 31 December, 2012",all,Emo Spider Boy,"I cant stop looking at this, omg it's so addictive! (^_^)"
,Recommended,207750,1608763,"Posted: 4 January, 2013",all,Yiff Goldblum,Kill time...
,Recommended,207750,908088,"Posted: 1 December, 2012",all,mtchrismt,My music is attacking me! HELP!
,Recommended,207750,24266530,"Posted: 11 July, 2016",all,ΩCheshireSH̶R̴̷O̶OMॐ,Trippy arcade shooter powered by music. Unlockables and a story generated by your music library.Also recommended by Psychonautic Gaming Collective
,Recommended,207750,1303799,"Posted: 10 August, 2012",all,Cae くコ:ミ,"DEMONS, IN MY MUSIC?It's more likely than you think (totally worth it)░█▄████▄█▄█▀██▀████░░░░░░░▄███▀▀███████▄▄░░░██▄▀     ▀▀▄██████████████████████████████████████████████▀░██▀▀██▀▀▀▀██▀▀██░█▀░░█▀░░░░█▀░░█▀"
,Recommended,207750,14073098,"Posted: 19 January, 2015",all,Lurch,"Symphony doesn't dissapoint. Or does it? Symphony is a nice rhythm shooter like Beat Hazard, but a little differently operated. the level layout is different and everything, though. I like this game for the creativity it put in. I wasn't expecting it to have a story, but it does. I give it kudos (haha. Kudos. You know. Point you get in the game. hahaha. ahem.) for having a nice story. The story is about a demon possessing the souls of the composers of your music and you need to defeat them as you you go along while playing. They appear in some songs and you fight them. Each time you beat one, you unlock a little bit of the symphony of souls, unlocking a new difficulty. I like the difficulty names. They are named after the italian words for how loud or soft you would play or sing on an instrument (pianissimo, piano, mezzopiano, mezzoforte, forte, fortissimo). The gameplay mechanics are decent, but they lag on my computer. It isn't as good as say beat hazard or audio surf, but it isn't bad either.  I enjoyed this game, but not too much. I give it a 6.5 out of 10.Edit:After I played through all of the Symphony of Souls, I really have started to enjoy this game much more. I felt actual gratification of destroying all of the demons. This game just got better for me because I'd always go up the difficulty when I unlocked the new one. It definitely is much better than I thought it was when I first gave this review. I give it an 8/10, now."
,Recommended,207750,23216184,"Posted: 26 May, 2016",all,Pancake,you can chill with your favorite music and nice shooting game
76561198131481432,Recommended,207750,23950736,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,Sensei_Pong,"If you enjoy a good shmup that has an unlimited amount of levels to choose from (in account to how large your song library is), OR you enjoy rhythm games. This is a must pick-up for anyone.Like most shmups, it's an easy pick up and play, but has plenty of unlockables to fiddle with and keep you occupied to keep playing.Overall, if you enjoy Audiosurf, but want a twist, this is an easy add-on to your library."
76561198095249879,Recommended,207750,22921077,"Posted: 11 May, 2016",all,melloyello789,"Bought this game on sale and then never touched it until now. This game is beyond better than I expected and It just keeps getting better. There's something so magical about it and I promise its worth it, especially if you have a bazillion songs like me. (Not to mention it plays beautifully on my ancient computer, which is nice.)"
76561198029293198,Recommended,207750,3932135,"Posted: 21 December, 2012",all,morameph,"Fun, addictive and runs to your local music selection."
76561198070242928,Recommended,207750,21070453,"Posted: 8 February, 2016",all,TommyQ,This is one of my favourite music-based game. Play in a shoot-em-up stylized futuristic environment with your very own music! Though the only downside is that you can't play multiplayer which I think would be even better but it's still fun to play alone.9.1/10 - GOOD
76561198044108842,Recommended,207750,20813376,"Posted: 28 January, 2016",all,Dizzy G,"Let me start out by saying it is a really cool game. It's basically galaga while listening to your favorite music that is from your own library. Very creative in that concept. It's one of those games you can just keep on playing constantly and for the most part, not get bored with. I think my only complaint with the game is the story, just wasn't a fan of it. Now of course that is my opinion. If you're reading this, you should definitely think about maybe getting this game :)"
,Recommended,207750,6424184,"Posted: 4 January, 2013",all,ZAPAmaster,Best music based game EVER! everyone should own this game.
,Recommended,207750,22620286,"Posted: 24 April, 2016",all,HeavyIsBlaziken,"A very fun verticle shooter! Hearing music while shooting down enemies is a blast to enjoy. And since you can put in any music you want, as long as it is between 1:30 - 10:00, especially video game music, it adds replayability to it!I did hear that Beat Hazzard's better, but I haven't played that, and when I play it, I might say the same thing about it! Oh, and props to The Completionist for making me interested in the game. :3"
76561198004803930,Recommended,207750,21490183,"Posted: 26 February, 2016",all,Cranky,"enjoyed the game back when I bought it from Game Stop, but the Steam version will not start.  No response from the Steam discussion page or an email to the support page after over a week.Enjoying the game once more.  The developers did respond to my email support request with apologies for the email slipping through the cracks.My problem was the Game Stop copy I had installed a few years back.  I forgot about it and rebought it on Steam.  My old copy works fine."
,Recommended,207750,25334930,"Posted: 3 September, 2016",all,RowerRob,"OMG so much fun!!! I bought this for dirt cheap, and immediately played it for 6 hours. This game is COOL when paired with Oakenfold, Tiesto; and effing HILIARIOUS when paired with the Austin Powers sound track.  It's SMOOTH when paired with jazz, and TROPICAL when paired with salsa/merengue. Also neat with classical music (flight of the valkyries, magic flute, etc). I still have yet to try Guns N Roses, Aerosmith that that type of old school music.The game reminds me of an old school arcade vertical shooter. With this, you get a nice mixture of fireworks on the screen, customizable weaponery and power-ups, and difficult boss battles.  It's well worth the $ I spent on it, and I foresee many more gaming hours out of this gem."
76561198045556707,Recommended,207750,5142354,"Posted: 1 February, 2013",all,TotalForceConstructDomination,soundtrack was good
76561197970072240,Recommended,207750,25317504,"Posted: 2 September, 2016",all,Senorbravo,"Blown away.  I absolutely love this game.  I am a sucker for buying games where you can incorporate your own music and I like some of the other ones I have, but none are as interactive as Symphony.  Now I haven't played a lot yet and don't understand all the options yet, but after playing it for a bit, I couldn't wait to log back in and try again.  I would certainly recommend this game to friends and family."
,Recommended,207750,775781,"Posted: 11 August, 2012",all,falcon64z8,"This game is the combination of Beat Hazard, Geomentry Wars, and Audio Surf combine!  If you love music games especially ones where you use your own music then get this game!"
76561198122376945,Recommended,207750,21134531,"Posted: 11 February, 2016",all,bonesmaLones,"This is a good game to play if you just want something fun to occupy your time for just a short while and if you need a small game for a rhythym craving. The rhythym mechanics do work, but sometimes the end result turns out to be too chaotic for you to notice your level is even in time with your music. It really is a fun game, but it will only hold your attention for maybe an hour at most."
,Recommended,207750,21265512,"Posted: 16 February, 2016",all,The Canadian Tree,a good game but has some flaws based on the colour to put it simply a red ship shooting red projectiles  makes it hard to see the shots from the enamys ships becuase they are also red and when the whole battlefield goes red aswell you cant dodge thes projectiles and sometimes they just one hit youif the added a way to change your ships couler and defualt projectile colour from red  this game would get a 10/10 (yes i know gettign a power up drop for the guns makes there projectiles blue but that dosent change the fact a red bullet is hard to see on a red background)
,Recommended,207750,21381130,"Posted: 21 February, 2016",all,Athelwulf Skol,This is an underrated game!. It is absolutely fenomenal. It takes music from your library and generates a level based on each of your songs. This is great becasuue the mood and pace of the song always match the level. The weapons are amazing and all look cool bu i can't help but think that the Rocket Packs and Crescendos are useess. I can't flaw it apart from that because it is so good..
,Recommended,207750,20401054,"Posted: 8 January, 2016",all,your friend,"lol, i've used my own audio-trash made in Cubase and the antagonist called me a ""composer""i've never felt so happy before :""Dit moved me inside myself deeper than Undertale"
,Recommended,207750,20341769,"Posted: 5 January, 2016",all,Duck,Playing Undertale music with this.I can safely say this is amazing.
76561198161935554,Recommended,207750,21619980,"Posted: 4 March, 2016",all,Your Father,I think it's a good game for me.It lets my favorite musics alive.REALLY HOPE developers can offer East Asian language support in Mac version!!!!
76561198050695139,Recommended,207750,25975914,"Posted: 10 October, 2016",all,Scionfall,"An interesting entry in the field of music games where instead of going along a track you play a shmup to your music collection. As well, there's a story where demons have come from another dimension to trap the composer's of your music.TL;DR: If you're a fan of music games like AudioSurf, Rock Band, Amplitude and the others in this genre then get it. It's a good enough title for those that are fans of the genre. If you're not a fan or just dipping your toe in I'm not sure I'd recommend this one. I do enjoy this genre and so I will be giving it a thumbs up.--What follows are a bit more of my osbservations on the game. What I liked and what I didn't like.So within a level enemies can come at you very quickly, very slowly, or somewhere in between. What speed the enemies are coming at you is communicated to you via the background color of the level. If it's blue then it's slow while if it's red it's going to be fast. It's an interesting take on the formula to be sure and I think it has some pluses and some minuses.  As expected the enemies come at you to the rhythm but not in a way that one may be used to.  The math used to figure out how to come at you seems to be based more on a difference of BPM more than anything else. What this means is that a song can be balls to the wall epic and fast but if there isn't much variation in how fast it is then the game will likely push most stuff out very slowly. This was my experience when playing Dragonforce's Through the Fire and the Flames. And while the upside means that anyone can play this song it also means that what should be an epic rush in a game like this feels anything but. To that end I've found that songs that have a lot of variance in tempo or speed tend to work best with this game. So if you're into dubstep, as an example, then I think you'll feel pretty good about this game.Another quip I have with the game is not enough different weapons and second that you can and will see repeat weapons that are useless beyond the 4 for your ship. Rare weapons are a virtual necessity for the highest difficulty levels and those are all locked away behind an RNG wall. It would have bee nice to have been able to buy the weapons you want with your points instead of just using them for upgrades or to unlock the higher difficulty levels that way instead of waiting and waiting and waiting for demons to show up.Finally while the story could be better I'm really happy they actually bothered to include one. Simply doing so has extended the replayability of the game for me and had me play the game probably a bit longer than I would have otherwise (looks at AudioSurf sitting in the corner all dusty).So while these may seem major points (and to an extent they are), for me what it comes down to is whether or not the game is fun and personally I feel it is. At the very least I feel like the devs have laid the groundwork and show potential in seeing a game like this excel. Should they decide to create a sequel that would incorporate improvements to what I listed above I would be very interested in playing such a game. It's a solid start. But it definitely has further to go."
,Recommended,207750,26129517,"Posted: 20 October, 2016",all,Hazelbot | HaythamYouTwit |,"I ignored the warning about picking my music carefully and proceeded to load Avenged Sevenfold, Rammstein, Linkin Park and Static X into it.I found a demon on 'God Hates Us'.#Ragequit"
,Recommended,207750,24573554,"Posted: 28 July, 2016",all,青血 BLUE,This game gives me new experiences of music!!
,Recommended,207750,3115679,"Posted: 11 April, 2013",all,Noodles,"This uses your mouse to move the ship...first game I've played that does that, instant recommendation!"
,Recommended,207750,26194775,"Posted: 24 October, 2016",all,djvelvitashy,Symphony is a great game! Very addictive gameplay! Great game to play right before bed to put you in a chill mood!
76561198086585448,Recommended,207750,27800454,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,schismatrix,"Great casual shooter with enormous replay value.Once the story mode is finished the real fun begins as you can then start combining song complexity, variability, length and  difficulty to suit your mood; from casual 15 minute chill-out sessions to frantic 3 minute bullet-fests.It's also a grest excuse to go through all your old music and rediscover it in an explody new way."
,Recommended,207750,5283058,"Posted: 28 August, 2013",all,[AG7] Orblitzer,"This is by far the Greatest game i have Played that interacts with the user!!! Me being a Musician makes this game even more fun!!!! Any song i choose out of my Personal Music Library becomes an enemy! Be it Dubstep, Metal, Pop, Disco, Jazz even Country!!! This is a Must-have Game!!! 10/10"
,Recommended,207750,26738857,"Posted: 21 November, 2016",all,DisIzSarg3,"If I could describe Symphony in a few words, they would be: addicting, intuitive, and FUN.For someone like me who enjoys and collects music as a hobby and passion, Symphony gave me another good outlet to enjoy my music through molding it with Shoot 'Em Up gameplay similar to that of Galaga, Space Invaders, and even Gradius.  ""The best of two worlds"" as the saying goes, but without the Miley Cyrus/Hannah Montana cringe! Or if you do happen to have that kind of music in your music library... well, I'm not going to apologize.When it comes to gameplay, as I have mentioned before, it is similar to that of games like Galaga where you are dodging and shooting down enemies with some even giving you some power ups to aid you through your quest to reclaim your music. There is a story behind all of this, but it's really more like an excuse to blow up bosses and getting more power up in the end. If the idea of blowing up a boss that resembles Beethoven while listening to your favorite tunes from the 80s, movie score, or even through some random song you downloaded off of Soundcloud sounds awesome to you, then I could not recommend this game enough! This game also sports a customize option that comes in handy if you are doing harder difficulties. You're going to need some of those parts you unlock as this game progresses on, which makes the payoff all the more satisfying when you have the right weapons to get rid of those pesky enemy patterns. Believe me, there are moments in this game that will make you rage if you aren't equipped for the difficulty.There are some drawbacks I will mention: To fully enjoy this game, you will need to get the iTunes add-on DLC, but it's not as big of a problem for $1. Any music you have in your iTunes player will become a level you can play through, and if you have some favorite songs you like playing in your home, well the fun just got better! There are some things I wish that this game could have gone deeper with like having the option to do a boss rush with all of the demons you encounter within this game, or even having the ability to create your own playlist within the game. If this could be added in as a future update, or an idea that could be implemented through a sequel of this game (Symphony 2nd Movement, anybody?) that would make an already good game even better!In conclusion, go out and buy this game! Even at a full price, this is a nice addition to any library if you love listening to music, enjoy a good SHUMP game with decent custimization options, or want an enjoyable time waster, this is your game!"
76561198037526940,Recommended,207750,27839651,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Silvana,"В этой игре можно задействовать свой плей лист. И этим все сказано. Можно из любимых композиций сделать уровень. И чем тяжелее музон, тем тяжелее уровень. Но черт, это же свой музон!"
,Recommended,207750,27915495,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Moandain,Great game
76561198078636359,Recommended,207750,26636345,"Posted: 16 November, 2016",all,PizzaTime,"Love this game.  I always mention it to friends when talking about games that stood out for me.Initiallly, I was unsure how the game would go. Now that I've played through it and then some, it's definitely an easy recommend to anyone who just wants a great SHMUP. Add in the small weapon loot discovery and leveling up and it's gold.I really hope to see more Symphony. An expansion with more baddies and boss sets or even a sequel would be awesome."
76561198018446175,Recommended,207750,29128169,Posted: 8 January,all,COM/RED,Freaking Great! :)
,Recommended,207750,31675729,Posted: 10 May,all,z1n1,"I have some mad hours on this game and I can totally recommend it. It's kept me going for days—hell, years—on end."
,Recommended,207750,33295640,Posted: 5 July,all,Desny,"Brilliant. The game increses rapidly in difficulty, but it's never so hard as to become unplayable. It helps keep your mind occupied. The ""story"" is pretty weak but gameplay is addictive. This game is entirely dependant on the amount of music you downloaded to iTunes or the likes pre-Spotify, so make sure your library still has music you enjoy."
,Recommended,207750,2336720,"Posted: 25 January, 2013",all,Appluq,It is surprisingly fun to play your own songs.I recommend for everyone who loves music.
,Recommended,207750,29168092,Posted: 10 January,all,Flug,Really addictive
76561198045067900,Recommended,207750,5102683,"Posted: 4 January, 2013",all,Dr Jirou Takahashi,"Awesome Music Based Vertical Shooter, Uses Music Off Your HDD To Create A Variety Of Levels."
76561198065497771,Recommended,207750,10294652,"Posted: 30 May, 2014",all,JF_112,It's a Galaga-type game to the beat of your favourite songs. What more could you ask for? I recommend it.
76561198129961902,Recommended,207750,33959922,Posted: 1 August,all,ShikYou516,Recommended for music lovers. Love the fact you can import your own music
,Recommended,207750,33998139,Posted: 3 August,all,[GitP] Archonic Energy,"Audiosurf meets 1942.top down shooter where everything is created from your music. can be as easy or as hard as you want it to bePro Tip: do not play ""through the fire & flames"" unless you are looking for a reason to buy a new mouse14/10 it's a good game bront"
,Recommended,207750,6805738,"Posted: 30 September, 2013",all,KingYami,Nice relaxy game when you just have nothing else to do and you want to listen to music.
76561197971466246,Recommended,207750,34640665,Posted: 31 August,all,dragonikSC,liked it
76561198104336419,Recommended,207750,34738720,Posted: 4 September,all,Exgvg,"A true rythem game, and in my opinion even better than audiosurf!"
76561198063920595,Recommended,207750,34961823,Posted: 14 September,all,Egres122,Upload your Music folder and go to town blasting away enemies in this bullet hell. Not much else to say besides that.
,Recommended,207750,35056352,Posted: 18 September,all,frog.,"This is a great game, I love it for the time that I've played.It's fun, not too intensive on my eyes (though that may be just for me, watch out.)However, though I know this comment will get lost, I'll still ask - I know the whole thing behind the game is to 'liberate your music library', but I think it'd be great if there was a built-in way to use music from music streaming softwares without having to download, because I don't have the money to support, but it's shameful to use an mp3 converter, and also, to an extent, illegal."
,Recommended,207750,35320455,Posted: 29 September,all,Zachiri the Blaq,It's going to depend on if you have a love for music or not and if you have a good stash of tunes to battle the Demons through but if you do you in for one hell of a ride. I had quite a few friends give me recommendations for music so I'd have a diverse setlist to play this game with. The visuals are gorgeous the gameplay is simple but can take some crazy precision at higher difficulties but the payout for upgrading your weapons is worth it immensely. If you love music and wanna defend it and our universe you can do much worse with $10.
