user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
76561197972703997,Recommended,208140,15246422,"Posted: 6 April, 2015",all,TrollofReason,"The short of it: This game is really good, BUT ONLY WITH THE EXPANSION! DO NOT BUY AND PLAY THIS GAME NAKED!Unlike a lot of 4X games, Endless Space is more about building your empire than about developing your colonies or really fighting wars. Not that you won't fight wars, the AI is usually vicious enough to wait and plot and it will build up an overwhelming force based on your existing military might before waging war on you. And it WILL do that. Every single chance it can, unless it can't, it will do that. Never think it won't, since it has no reason not to.We'll get more into that later, but right now let's focus on the empire-building. Building up the empire is the primary focus of this game. Oftentimes if you look at too little at a time, you'll tunnel vision yourself into a corner when you should be keeping yourself as distant as possible. A prime example of this is expressed in happiness. The morale of a system and its subsequent production bonuses are NOT more important than the overall happiness of your empire. After all, a 15% production bonus across 4 stars is better than a 30% bonus in just one. If, when settling a new system, you have a planet with lots of production, or a planet with a high amount of happiness-boosting, you pick the one that makes your empire happy, or you lose the game.Now then, let's talk about war. War is problematic in this game because A) it's inevitable, and B) it's boring. The game takes a very hands-off approach to combat and in the vanilla game technology is both everything and a linear arms race. The guy with the most ship tonnage and the best weapons will always win. You can employ tactics cards, but these will only have a minimal impact on the outcome. This leads to a very boring experience, and can force you into certain types of tech progression and thus certain modes of gameplay. To deviate from established doctrine is to lose in the vanilla game.DO NOT PLAY THE VANILLA GAME. Instead, do yourself a favor and get the Disharmony expansion. The Disharmony expansion does away with about 75% of the weapon-tech in favor of just four generations of guns. Each is a sizable improvement over the last generation, and keeping up the with the AI is definitely important, but with tactics, ship design, aimpoint selections, and formation management you can steal victory from the jaws of supposedly assured defeat.Endless Space encourages you to use your distant veiw not to mess with the minutae of your own empire, but rather to mess with the other guys. Through trade, trade routes, blockades, invasions, explorations, treaties, and wars you are charged to take away the choices of the enemy for as long as possible while you improve your own choices. How you do this is entirely up to you, and Endless Space: Disharmony actually allows you quite a bit of wiggle room on how you do it."
,Recommended,208140,25858171,"Posted: 4 October, 2016",all,zerowise,"This game is nefarious. It has that ""one more turn"" down to a T. From the sound design to the atmosphere to the lovely and easy to read interface, I think this is the best space 4X I have ever played. Gal Civ 3 was very, very slow. Stellaris is fun but has a lackluster mid- to end-game, and some balancing issues. I've tried most of the space 4X games on Steam. This is where I stayed.Yes, combat is hands off. That doesn't bother me. It's actually a nice change in my eyes, I don't always want to micro my whole galaxy while pausing every 5 for battles. Do your thing, my fleets. Crush my enemies that I may grow and prosper! I can see that being a legitimate complaint though. It really is very hit or miss (pun intended.)As for Steam, there are many incorrect reviews here, from the one that says you can't re-name your systems (oops, embarrassing) to the ones that say all factions play the same.Interesting that a race of pacifist amoeba entities whose focus is peaceful existence and diplomacy  can feel similar to the Cravers, a locust-esque species that consumes planets and their resources voraciously and requires constant expansion to maintain its resources pool. Craves can't even really use diplomacy and are automatically at war with everyone. Sophons gain science like mad but have weaker ships. Sheradyn focus on combat and honor amongst the stars, and enemies they engage cannot retreat but must fight to the death of one fleet or the other.What that really tells me is that many of these players didn't play at a high enough difficulty for their playstyle to need to match their chosen race, or they simply didn't understandhowto play the different races. That isn't a knock on the players, but how can someone with 5 hours judge a 4X game and claim to have seen what it has to offer? That isn't even long enough to get a feel for one race, let alone the game."
,Not Recommended,208140,11221441,"Posted: 13 July, 2014",all,frumple,"When it shines, it's a beauty, but when it stinks, it kills everything good about it.I want to like this game. It has that ""one more turn"" factor. Visually it's well done, and the UI is pretty clever with most complex orders only a few mouse clicks away. But then you find reordering production queues to be unusually clumsy. Most of the game is like that. A few solid hits then a terrible miss. [Queues have been improved in a recent update]The races are good, well designed and presented, each with their own strengths and each requiring a slightly different set of priorities to succed. But then the difficulty modifiers kick in and the whole race balance goes out the window. Enemy AIs get bonuses to production NOT intelligence and you fight races that can outperform what you could do with them.Then the AI itself shows irreconcilable stupidity. If i could tolerate 6-7 dumb things the AI does per turn, it would do 10. All too often the AI fleets that could potentially beat you choose to flee (but waste your time, attack, or leave ships behind that blockade you), while i have had one completely unarmed and undefended fleet of invasion ships try to fight back (with tactics, not weapons ofc) and even somehow managed to flee with a few survivors. [AI stupidity has also been adressed with updates]The AI can sometimes use tactics wisely and from what i saw has no knowledge of your own tactical choices, but the battles are a lottery decided far far ahead, back when you designed the ships. Some survive, some have no chance, and if your ships are very good, then AI will either allways retreat, or allways die, depending on whose territory you're fighting in. Sometimes the very outcome of a war or even game can hinge on the AI doing something remarkably stupid or you failing to understand some of the BASIC fundamental rules of the game. That... is beyond bad, that is awful.The diplomacy model is one of the better i have seen. Most of it is really good, except of course the one part that kills it completely. It's all meaningless because ultimately your empire exists and therefore it would be better for a rival to take it all away from you. You're the weakest empire? Then die. Wait, you're strongest? Then die. You're in the middle, and a long term trading partner as well as supplier of strategic resources, benefits that far outweigh the problems caused by close borders (and you can see the exact numbers too)? Guess what? Today is the day none of that means anything. Prepare to set the relationship score to -200. And die.Colonisation and expansion is arguably the strongest part of the game. Exploring the galaxy, triggering some halfhearted random events, scouting good spots for colonies. First contants. All good. But. The game actively penalises you for each and every system you own. Wheter you colonise it or capture it, just having a system increases the penalty higher and higher. Eventually it becomes high enough that it starts to hurt morale and that in turn drops production, research and cash flow. Yes, by colonising a system at a wrong moment, you can drop overall empire wide production by some 10-20%. Does that make any sense?Yes, there are technologies that reduce the penalty, and yes, it's there to counterbalanc expansion but i am here to play a game, be emperor of space, not to oversee active game modifiers. They should be invisible and subtle, not hit me in the head. When i deliberatly skip average systems that are still well positioned, all just to avoid getting the expansion penalty down the road, i think i am playing a flawed game.Combat is neither good nor bad except when it's completely illogical. Designing the ships properly takes some experience and knowledge and if you do a good job your fleet will usually serve you well and survive for a long time or you will produce enough replacements for losses to not matter much. The main problem with all the tactical options, counters, different ranges, weapon optimisations, support ships, repair capacity, fighter/bomber cover, is that you very often feel like you just can't take your ships and tell them to ""$#%^&* go and kill the enemy!"", the MOST BASIC OF PURPOSES for your fleet, but somehow it gets lost in the myriad different things you have to tweak before you can fight. Long story short, i know what i want, the game wont let me, or i have to obey some rule/design feature/balance mechanic.So while it starts pretty well, and has enough to be fun for a while, it eventually becomes a chore to try to complete a game. The AI has too many choices to make and inevitably it makes poor decisions (compare to SOTS' very basic but lethal AI) and all the strengths of the game are drowned out by the weaknesses.The best turn based space 4X games have already been made. Master of Orion 2 and Sword of the Stars 1. Maybe even Birth of the Federation, though i am biased about that one. Other games of the genre try to do things differently which is unfortunate because sometimes imitation is the wisest form of flattery. Case in point: Xenonauts. For ages developers tried to recreate the perfect succesor to XCOM - UFO Defense. UFO: Aftershock is 99% as good, and UFO: Alien Invasion is an extremly good remake (but still unfinished). A slew of other games missed the mark completely or admittedly used the old game as a springboard for a new experience. Then Xenonauts imitated the original and surprise, surprise, it hit the bullseye.Ultimatly Endless Space isn't solid enough to satisfy demanding 4x players, and it isn't ""mainstream"" enough to captivate the casual audience. So it ends up in between. Better than most, but not good enough.EDIT - 20 Dec. 2014Some of the complaints i've ♥♥♥♥♥ed about have been adressed by several patches released since this review. Production queues and enemy retreat logic have been adressed. Better late than never? Or thumbs up for devs supporting their game well after release? Both pretty much, and the game can't be hurt by extra polish & fixes.I will not change my verdict, but i will say it's still a game i would like to like. Probably more so than before with the recent updates.If you're sitting on the fence know that you will probably enjoy exploring the game if you choose to buy it. Exploration and expansion are strong suits of Endless Space. It's just that ultimately i felt dissapointed with what i found, but have to admit it was fun exploring."
,Recommended,208140,31151833,Posted: 15 April,all,Жора,"This is what happens when people get used to overpriced games. They see a good game for $1 and start getting suspicious. Endless Space is not the typical type of indie greenlight game trash that floats all over steam. It's a good well-developed game. Also, I hate all that ""for $1 anything is good lol"" reviews. So I decided to make a review myself.The game isn't perfect. ES may be not the right choice for a newcomer to the 4x genre. It is very rough on edges and lacks proper tutorial.Some tips for beginners.1. Beware of pirates and random events. Events mostly negative and can be very harsh. Both can be disabled in game settings.2. AI cheats on all difficulties starting from normal, and it likes to spam ships. Be prepared for war. However, unlike Total War series, here the AI is not so prone to backstab you. You will probably see when and why if it gets pissy.3. LR kinetics rules.4. For me, the most complicated thing to start with this game was a tech tree. It took me hours to figure what the final goals of my research should be. But then I just gave up and started to pick from those technologies which I could research at the moment and which would be most useful as of right now.5. ""The lines to the new systems looked wavy and I didn't know which research would let me pass it.""Those are wormholes. The game didn't explain it well. But you need to unlock Applied Casimir Effect tech from the Exploration&Expansion tech branch.Overall I rate this game as a solid but average 4x strategy with its lowest in simplistic combat, rudimentary diplomacy."
,Recommended,208140,8941802,"Posted: 1 February, 2014",all,Nifty,"This was my first indie game purchased.  As a fan of 4x strategy games they all look good to me but few live up to my standard.  This game has so much potential for and indie game and I really do look forward to an endless space 2 hopefully someday.  The complexity of it almost mind blowing.  The space battles between ships go 3D instead of the normal 4x game battles like the the most popular of all times Sid Miers Civilization.  The background story of the Endless Space Universe is fantastic.  The play between the factions is a little lackluster.  And the game leaves you wanting more of an in depth feel on the solar systems and planets.  But it is an Indie game and once you play you will see a few game play enhancements would be nice.  But the Universe is so expansive the technology tree is enormous.  The tech tree is broke down into four sections military, science, exploration, and economics.  If you research into exploration you might be able to build on any planet but it doesn't do you an good if you can't defend yourself.  If you go all science doesn't help if you can build the greatest advancements if you can't afford them because economy is weak.  That’s why I love 4x games and the seven ways to win expansion, scientific, economic, diplomatic, supremacy, and wonder .  And I all most forgot about  the ship builder I’ve lost myself for hours just building your very own customized ship. The disharmony DLC added some nice features and I look forward to more DLC's.  I could go forever on why you should buy this game.  I give this game my highest recommendation the Nifty stamp of approval."
,Recommended,208140,7752395,"Posted: 25 November, 2013",all,That Guy,maybe its not the greatest 4x game ever made but its got alot to offer aslong as you not hung up on being every ones friend from start to finish . many options at your disposal to upgrade systems to be more productive and be able to fend off invaders aswell as a nice system to allow the player to form a aliance with the ai controlled factions . its not civ5 but its not trying to be .be warned if you have pirates turned on they will show up at the worst times when your stuck fending off a nemey or taking over systems to distract you
76561198001454789,Recommended,208140,31131740,Posted: 14 April,all,Charming Cthulhu,"So, this game is on sale for 1€ right now. I'm not really a fan of space sims or space strategy games, so it was one of those ""It looks nice, maybe I'll try it out some day""-games I'll never play after buying. But for some reason I spontanously decided to download the game and give it a try right away. And I'm wondering how many great games I've missed with my attitude.Honestly, I'm surprised. Basically, I only played two turn-based strategy games throroughly in my life: The addictive Civilization 5 and Medieval 2: Total War.Endless Space is like a more complicated Civ 5 with some Total War elements in space. But it still has its own touch.Initially, I wanted to go into details concercing my last statement - but considering that I've only played it for 3 hours so far (until I lost my first game on easy difficulty lol), I figured that you should probably pay more attention to other reviews.Let me just emphasize:For 1€ this is a pretty ♥♥♥♥ing good deal. I'd actually say it's way too good of a deal. If you like turn-based strategy, grab it and fall in love. If you missed the sale, give it a try anyway! And if you never played turn-based strategy before, this is the perfect opportunity."
76561198031041139,Recommended,208140,32761708,Posted: 25 June,all,Cyrus.Vance,"It's tough to review this game. I liked some of it a lot, and I can't say that it is a bad game, but it is still hard to recommend. I'll just list what I liked, and what I didn't:+ The game is complex, as it should be for a 4x game, you can manage your empire in the just right detail.- But the tutorial is weak, basically just a slideshow of the UI controls, it does not help much to understand the game mechanics. I recommend playing a short game with a weak AI and small map to learn the game before taking on a large galaxy with multiple opponents.+ However the game takes many mechanics from older 4x games, like the Civilization series, so if you are an experienced 4x player, you will be right at home.+ The setting, the style and lore of the factions you can choose is great, they are interesting.+ Ship designs are pretty, interesting and distinctive between empires fitting their own lore and style.+ Another really strong point is the ship customization. You can design your spaceships to fit your play-style with many different weapons, defensive and support modules, and their variations based on your current tech level. You can create specialized ships for specific roles, like pure combat vessels, fast and cheap scouts, invasion ships to take over planets, support ships to repair your other vessels, carriers that house wings of fighters and bombers or any combination of them to get multipurpose designs. You can optimize ships to counter a specific enemy race: if they are using short range but deadly missiles, you can create a fleet of ships with high range railguns and anti-missile defenses for example.+ Diplomacy actually works! There are many games where diplomacy is broken, but it is done well here. With applying pressure and alliances you can sometimes even gain territory, resources or tech. (the only problem again, that the game does not explain the mechanics, so google is your friend)+ The battle mechanic is simplistic, you can't direct the battles in real time like in the Total War games, only order the fleet to follow high level tactical commands, like to retreat, concentrate fire, be defensive or aggressive etc. But compared to some other 4x games where the battle is just comparing fleet sizes, it is a better approach. Your tactical decisions can actually effect the outcome of a battle.- I experienced an issue with saving. If you have more than 30 save files, the save screen starts to stutter and freeze for seconds, like it cannot cope with listing the saves. It's not a game breaking issue, but annoyed me.--- The biggest problem with the game is the enemy AI, and this is a decisive issue in a strategy game. The AI is fairly competent when it comes to building up solar systems and expanding (although I suspect the game actually props them up secretly). But the military tactics and strategy of the AI enemies is just stupid. They attack with small, distributed fleets, that are easy to deal with one-by-one. Sometimes they leave large, unarmed fleets of invasion vessels unprotected. They very rarely concentrate force to achieve decisive local superiority. The AI also favors quantity over quality, throwing large fleets of outdated, weak ships at me, which I could mow down with ease. They did after a while adapt and started to build ships that are more optimized against my ships, so that was more of a challenge. These experiences were on normal difficulty so far however, so it is possible that higher difficulty AI is more competent.All in all I cannot wholeheartedly recommend this game because of the AI, but I cannot condemn it either, because I had fun with it and enjoyed it. For the current price with the sale, it might be worth a try."
,Recommended,208140,4653479,"Posted: 14 July, 2013",all,Murmudamus,"This is one of the best space strats I have ever played. Easy interface, intricate options to allow optimization in your strategies and a very lean resource friendly engine. Definitely a must have."
,Recommended,208140,17756038,"Posted: 28 August, 2015",all,Frozenar,"this game reminds so much of Isaac Asimov's novels.Once I had two separate colonies at the far ends of the galaxy that eventually became 2 separate empires, like in the Foundation saga. so cool.PROS:- every decision counts, but errors are not irreparable.- awsome ship design system, you have to keep you fleets up to date, man.- many ways to win- long games (might be a con for you)- high replayabily value, you could play it endlesslyCONS- micromanaging 20 systems can be a pain sometimes- no real surveying/intelligence system...like I would like to scout enemy fleets and systems, but I can't until I engage or conquer- the learning curve is a bit steep, but that might be a pro for you- endless space 2 is coming out!- sometimes the AI does dumb♥♥♥♥♥♥ but at higher difficulties it gets pretty strong.super cool game, would racomend it...it's kinda relaxing sometimes.endless/10"
76561197981512128,Not Recommended,208140,12577984,"Posted: 19 October, 2014",all,Mifely,"Endless Space is a lovely looking 4X game, but has a number of strategic flaws which, while adding elements to gameplay, don't make sense (and hence, break suspension of disbelief), and don't work in an entertaining manner.Economy is well abstracted, and there are lots of options for expanding your economic foundations, but there are some factors which are largely out of direct player control -- population happiness is one of them.  Happiness affects everything, as in most 4X games, but unlike other 4X games, you don't seem to be able to invest much into helping your populace be happy (commenters claim this ability is merely hidden along particular tech tree paths, which seems restrictive -- do you have to choose those paths to succeed?).  Wars, in particular, make your people unhappy -- to the extent where an aggressive military playing style is basically out of the question.  The game's design limits the options for the ""kind"" of player you want to be -- you basically must play by the rigid set of rules the developer has laid down, or you are penalized to the point where you simply cannot beat even the normal AI.Wars must be routinely tempered with diplomacy, and expansion must be limited during growth periods... or your expansion will fail, no matter how large your military, economy, etc.  Conquering opposing races is almost out of the question, unless it is done over a protracted period.  DIfferent races have different features, in this regard, but the trouble with such a setup is that your playstyle is largely known from the outset, by every other player in the game.  This basically boils down to a rock-paper-scissors ""you chose your strategy, now live with it"" game that is largely decided before the game starts.Space combat is visually spectacular, and has some interesting tactical twists, in the form of a rock-paper-scissors tactic system.  Ship design, is fairly involved, even though weapons basically boil down to 3 types, with levels 1 throgh 5.  Ship designs can vary the amount of weaponry and defenses they have, but the game often boils down to something of a ""who researched the right techs vs the other guy"" fight, yielding a boring, balanced research mechanism as the most effective in basically any game, unless you know your opponent is researching rocks, papers, or scissors in particular.The most severe issue with space combat, however, is that fleet size is limited by elements of the tech tree.  You can build a fleet of 50 cruisers, but can't put more than 1-2 in a fleet, plus a couple destroyers/corvettes, without researching the right aspects of the tech tree, and even then, the numbers are quite limtied.  Thus, an economically superior empire cannot necessarily win with sheer numbers, as each fleet engagement is limited by the number of possible ships in the fleet -- a small empire, with a fleet of 9-13 ships, with a similarly hard-to-come-by ""hero"" admiral (also limited to a very small number, unless you increase the number with tech), could conceivably defeat an armada of 50+ ships of the same technology level, based upon these nonsensical fleet-size limitations.  As such, increasing your effective fleet size is nearly the most important aspect of space combat, all by itself.  This enforces military balance between empires of radically different military sizes and capacities, effectively making large-fleet empires which rely primarily upon exploitation a weak approach, compared to empires which favor other 4X techniques. I would argue that the limitation is so restrictive, as to diminish strategic & economic options to the point of boredom.  No zerging, due to small fleet sizes.  No concentrated attacks.  Ship design heavily favors quality over quantity/inexpensive, etc.  Your opponents will be exactly the same as you, unless they're looking to lose through neglect of a balanced approach.The inclusion of ""heroes"" in interesting, except that you are limited to a very small number of them.  It is nowhere near as easy to acquire, or utilize a hero in ES, as it is in a game like, for example, Heroes of Might and Magic.  You may have 1-2 heroes that are ""Admirals"" typically (the rest are typically governors of single star systems), but those heroes may not command any more vessels than are allowed by the fleet size limitation.  Thus, the benefit to a hero in a small empire is much larger than that of a hero in a large one -- and large empires can be easily overwhelmed by a sum of smaller nations, simply due to the number of heroes involved, and the fleet size restrictions.  Even 2 vs 1 can be almost impossible odds under these conditions, and the happiness issues with warfare.Diplomacy is limited in much the same fashion as combat is -- by options in the tech tree.  A player cannot even offer a peace treaty without researching the idea, first.  Thus, much of the diplomacy of a game is hidden until the mid-way point of a game, and even then its fairly limited.WIth all these important techniques locked up, via the tech tree at the beginning of each game, the tech tree seems reminiscient of a ""tutorial"" system, that locks down interesting aspects of the game in literally every game you ever play.  Since many of these options are fundamental to basic gameplay, as expected in most 4X games, your traversal through the tech tree is pretty much forced to visit these nodes each time... or you lose.  The nodes are spread out amongst the branches of the tree, and neglecting any of them seems like a typically fatal flaw... thus balance, balance, balance, at all times.Endless Space boils down to an exercise in walking down the middle of the road.  Straying too far in any direction is just an expensive diversion, and won't work against the AI, or in any interesting MP game.  No blitzkriegs, surprise attacks, radical technology developments, or diverse battle tactics allowed."
76561198067668974,Not Recommended,208140,32644708,Posted: 22 June,all,zann1001,"I have had this game in my library for quite some time and looking forwad to finally find the time to play it, and now I wonder why it is so popular - or isn't it?I liked MOO2 a LOT, and like Endless Legend, but I found myself badly disappointed from this one.The flaws in detail:- The AI cheats the hell out of the game, and I'm not the easily discouraged one, but rather a 4x veteran.- The technobabble is abyssmal, the explainations of the technologies etc. aren't even losely based on anything related to science. They seem actually intrinsically incoherent and, at least for me, utterly ruin the atmosphere.- Tactical space battle doesn't exist, which in turn makes the ship design screen completely irrelevant.- The technologies tend to be just upgrades of each other, like beam weapons 1-4 and respective shield technology; so, no new tactical options, just passive stat boosts."
,Recommended,208140,32150053,Posted: 3 June,all,Kodyd194,"Endless Space, its a decent 4X game and I really enjoy the universe, as a fan of the developers. At the same time however I have to admit it feels a little rough and unrefined. I would only recommend Endless space to 4X fans, and even then it will be hit or miss whether they like it or not. I would say, by far the biggest issue with the game is that there is a LOT to learn, and that the game does not teach well, for the most part you will just have to figure out how to play on your own."
76561197964702130,Not Recommended,208140,13967083,"Posted: 12 January, 2015",all,Comm,"Endless space.  Well it definitely seems endless until some random AI or player appears out of the blue with tech that would take you 80 turns to catch up to. Like another reviewer wrote it is an excersize in walking down the middle of the road, straying too far one direction or another leads to punishment.So lets break it downPro's-Graphically better than average-Very long scenarios (if thats your thing)-Tons of tech paths-Customizable balanced races-Potentially huge universeCons- While tons of options exist, viable strategies are severly limited- Tech extremes (either you dominate vs enemy tech or you get completely destroyed)- Zero forgiveness / ability to react to enemy tech - by the time you know its way to late- Extremely long build up for a rapid end game desicion win or loseMany games will end up 300 turns in with you dominating by teching one or two directions just to have the game end in the next 20 turns when you come against another that has teched to your weakness, it is merciless and gives no method of comeback.Even if you continue to dominate non stop the game takes for ever. It becomes an effort in picking every weed from the proverbial garden chasind down every last fleet and spending turn after turn invading planets with you puny limited fleet.Fleet size limiters basically strangle you throughout the game and create a near singular military tactic.  Attack every system all at the same time.  There is no ability to focus because your fleet size is obscenely limited and each fleet fights solo 1v1 then the next, and the next etc.So much is not explained in this game, it lacks detailed tools to let you know exactly how things/tech will effect your empire making it difficult to plan without using a wiki or having only a vague idea of how something will effect your empire.I really wanted this to be the next big 4x but sadly I have to not reccomend it as there are definitely better ones out there.""Endless Space's combat system had more the feel of a pokemon card game where I play my engineering card in hopes to counter your sabatoge card while we watch a quant little cinimatic in the background- pewpew..."""
,Recommended,208140,16673966,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,Faust,"Review: Endless Space""Come, my friends,'Tis not too late to seek a newer world. . . .To sail beyond the sunset, and the bathsOf all the western stars, until I die.""Alfred Lord TennysonThe universe with it’s endless amounts of galaxies, stars and planets was born out of what we call “the big bang”. It took billions of years before the first life was given and further billions for the new rulers of space to conquer every star they could reach:The Endless. They traveled through wormholes, became masters of time and space, built outstanding monuments and structures and oppressed every lifeform that stood in their way, all with the help of a special gift called dust. The only ones who could make them fall were the Endless themselves with inner conflicts and arrogance. Millions of years later other empires arose from the stars. The Endless were gone but their technology, wisdom and Dust is still there, waiting for new conquerors. Which faction will dominate the others with science, war and dust? Hopefully yours.----------It all startswith your chosen nation. May it the aggressive bird-like Hissho, the mechanical Automatons or the old human Imperials, they all come with positive and negative aspects that fit differing playstyles. Colonizing your first planet afterwards can be a tough choice. Planets differ and thus do the resources they produce. What you should keep in mind here isFIDS, standing for Food, Industry, Dust and Science. Basically, these four get your planets populated and fed, build ships and structures, offer the possibility for doing research and pay your running costs for ships, planetary improvements and heroes. Improvements can be portals for faster travel, refineries or habitats, just to name some out of a huge amount ES offers. Heroes are specialized commanders who can be attached to starsystems and fleets to further improve certain aspects like production or offense. They get XP, level-up and cost more while doing so. Better ships and improvements need more research and cost more Dust. See, it is the well known cycle you have to bear with. What makes it even more difficult sometimes are random events that can be a blessing but also a plague for the whole empire.Having established yourself, there is room formore difficult tasks. First, acceptance. Planets, taxes and other effects influence your nation’s happiness. The higher the taxes, the higher the dust outcome. But who wants to pay taxes? People will likely start to get lazy and work less. It works the other way around too. Less taxes, more resources. Next task: luxury ressources. Once your scientists know how to deal with them, you gain the opportunity to build better ships, planetary improvements and use them as trading goods. Trading leads us to task 3, diplomacy. Venturing into the unknown will make you meet new friends. Or Foes. Fight or feed them? Living in peace means building trade routes for dust and science, luxury resources and even full researches. An alliance keeps your back when war is raging against You. But why even trading when there is the chance to OWN your friends starsystems?--------Talking about war makes it necessary to talk about thecombat system. Since the whole game uses a  turn based system you might expect this happening for combat, too. It somewhat has “turns” but once your fleet started the battle, there is no way to stop nor influence it. Every battle is divided into 5 phases, were these are again divided into turns. Roughly Explained:  Remember turns as a term that got used in Baldur’s Gate where attacks and effects were happening in a specific amount of time? Take this, mix it with scissor-rock-papers referring to bullets, lasers and rockets and their defensive counterparts and add some tactical influence via abilities, used as “cards” ingame. These cards have to be chosen before the battle starts, thus forcing you to have a close look at your opponent. If you like battles à la Sins of a Solar Empire you will get disappointed. Fights in general last about 1 min if you choose to watch them and tend to look repetitive after a while. Still: Choosing the right weapons and armour can make your fleet win against even way stronger contenders.--------Let’s have a look atgraphics and sound. Whilst the tactical overview tends to look spartanic, does a zoom make this game shine. Planets, Moons, Stars, everything looks nice and realistic and every faction looks unique in terms of ships. Although battles aren’t the most exciting part of the game, they still do have some nice explosions and fleet animations to offer. The UI can be overwhelming at the start but having played for 2-3 hours I already felt myself at home. To those complaining about it in other reviews: There is a tutorial that nicely shows and explains everything. My recommendation here: Take your time, read carefully. It is turn-based.The soundtrack fits just perfectly into the setting of an unknown and unexplored galaxy. Sometimes thrilling, most of the time relaxing, I never stopped it while playing for hours.-------Story?Lore!It is everywhere in this game and it needs to be mentioned here. Every planet, every ship, research, hero, resource...every single fact comes with a nice and well written explanation and makes this game shine. Most of the facts are fictional though but still written in such a reasonable manner that one might want to look up a lexicon. Keep in mind: There is no single-player campaign, yet there is enough content to fill hundreds of hours if you choose to play every different faction. Everything happens in scenarios that can be set up before starting, like choosing difficulty, number of AIs, nations, single- or multiplayer. Multiplayer feels great and allows players from all over the world to play without having any ping-loss - the advantage of a turn-based game.Big Text, Quick Facts:ProTurn-Based 4x at it`s best - gotta manage them all!Various factions to choose from, each with their own unique background storyDozens of different planets, ships, researches, heroes and random eventsWonderful graphics that show details on ships, planets and star systemsSatisfying diplomacy and tradingRich fictional yet reasonable setting full of lore and textMultiplayer allows to form alliances with - or against - your friendsChilling SoundtrackCon:Overwhelming start (Hint: Read the Tutorial!)Combat feels short, uncontrolled, even luck-depending sometimes and once you found the right answer for enemy ships, they are meatNo single-player campaignSummary:Endless Space. A game that uses the 4x in its description, roughly translated as explore, expand, exploit and for the sake of all: exterminate. Resource management, diplomacy, research and war, perfectly arranged for turn-based strategists who love to play at their own pace whilst planning for future turns.One can not ignore that combat lacks the thrill other space strategy titles offer in exchange for strategical choices but graphics, depth and lore is what compensates and entertains for hours.My personal verdict is 9.25 / 10"
,Recommended,208140,20388970,"Posted: 7 January, 2016",all,GrayFiend,"ENG version first, RUS version is below.Сначала по-английски, потом то же самое по-русски.===================================TLDR: Excellent turn-based 4X strategy!PROS:• good graphics and user-friendly interface;• 12 races with rather noticeable differences;• extensive research tree with 4 directions of development;• interesting colonization and development of star systems that have different characteristics;• powerful ships editor;• unique system of spaceship battles;• you can win in different ways;• great potential of replayability;• though AI is not perfect (but where he is?), however it's reasonable enough;SO-SO (someone may not like it):• diplomatic actions are not multifarious;• management of a vast empire takes a long time;• complete party is also very long;CONS:• during the second half of the game the technologies begins to be studied very quickly, so there are no time / sense to build novelty;• AI sometimes takes strange decisions in diplomacy as well as slowly reacts on changes in the configurations of the fleets during the war;• high-level heroes are too powerful and AI again is not capable to develop them in the right way;===================================Отличная пошаговая 4Х стратегия!ПЛЮСЫ:• хорошая графика, удобный интерфейс;• 12 рас с довольно-таки заметными отличиями;• обширное дерево исследований с 4 направлениями развития;• интересно колонизировать и развивать миры, имеющие различные особенности;• мощный редактор кораблей;• своеобразная система космических сражений;• победить можно различными способами;• большой потенциал replayability;• ИИ хоть и не идеален (да и где он такой?) но вполне разумно действует;НЕ МИНУСЫ для меня, но кому-то может не понравиться:• дипломатических действий совсем немного;• менеджмент обширной империи занимает долгое время;• полная партия тоже весьма длительная;НЕДОСТАТКИ:• во второй половине игры технологии начинают изучаться уж очень быстро — строить новое уже не успеваешь / нет смысла;• ИИ иногда принимает странные решения в дипломатии и недостаточно быстро реагирует на изменения конфигураций флота во время войны;• прокачанные герои слишком мощные, чем опять же не умеет пользоваться ИИ;"
76561198111682354,Not Recommended,208140,9416987,"Posted: 10 March, 2014",all,Ser Boras,"This game is like an attractive girl with some very bad habits and/or attitudes. I tried to love this game, I tried to overlook the bugs, but I can't, they are too obvious. It is a good game, but sometimes, I cannot tell if some of the stuff they have are supposed to be features or bugs. For example, enemies can move during MY turn. If I wanted my enemies to move at the same time as me, I would go back to Sins of a Solar Empire.BugsAnother frustrating thing is that my main fleet was trapped in a star system for X amount of turns because the AI, for whatever reason, decided to send 10 individual ships to that same system and set them on blockade mode. I can only kill 1 at a time so the chances of that fleet leaving on its own was close to zero, unless I mount a rescue.DiplomacyThe diplomacy is broken beyond believe. AIs often offer star systems and resources as part of their Cease Fire agreements. However, these agreements would be undone next turn, because the systems they surrendered contain the same resources in the agreement, so they have no more resources to pay me. Another thing that is annoying is that I do not understand why ""create alliance"", ""cease fire"" and such needed to be researched. When someone is beating your @$$, you would instinctively yell 'stop', not to these advance space beings apparently.TutorialThe tutorial is inadequate at best. After going through the whole tutorial, I still don't grasp the important points of the game such as battles and ship designs until I googled them. I figured the rest out because of my past experience with Alpha Centauri and Civ.AIThe AIs are dumb and overly aggressive. By 20-30 turns, my closest neighbour declared war on me for absolutely no reason at all. At least in AC or Civ, they would give you some sort of warning, but not Endless Space! It will f--k you when it feels like f--king you up, regardless of their capabilities. And they refuse to make peace when they just lost all their ships. Based on my reading on multiplayers, it seems that it is buggy as hell online as well. So this game doesn't have much going for it, since you can't play with the AIs and you can't play with other people.DifficultyIn Civ V, they have a nice range of difficulties, ranging from settler to deity (8 levels). In ES, they have something similar too. However, the problem is that the gaps between each is as wide as the Grand Canyon. Say, ES's normal is like Civ's Chieftain or Warlord, its hard mode is like Deity. So either the game is too easy for you to learn from, or it is so hard that you just can't survive past the 100th turn. I was either bored or frustrated.ResearchRegardless of your fraction, you almost always research the same techs every time. Colonize planets, Enhances weapons, Make ships bigger, Enhances more weapons, Make ships even bigger, with the occasional resource unlocking, incoming increasing, happiness inducing tech here and there.Victory WarningWhile I appreciate the game for telling me that the AIs are winning, it doesn't need to start reminding me when they are only 10-20% complete toward certain victories. A even more ridiculous example is when I am at 60% completion, they warn me of this AI who is close to winning the game at 20%. Very helpful indeed.ConclusionI paid around $15 in Nov of 2013 for both Endless Space and Disharmony. I want my money back and I am trying to save yours here. This game is great in the sense that it is like Alpha Centauri but on a galactic scale. It's like Civ 5 with levelable heroes. The management/production system is nice. But everything else is not. The concept is great but it is very poorly executed or maintained (based on my investigation, a lot of bugs seemed to stem from Disharmony).I have uninstalled this game after close to 100hours of play and it will take a major cleansing for me to reinstall it and give it another go. This game as it stands is worth $5 at best, anymore, you are getting ripped off. Spend your money elsewhere. Thanks for reading.Update/SalesJun.25, 2014 - currently at $7.49USD (75% off). Best discount I have seen since I bought the game. If this game interests you and you don't mind the bugs/features, then GO FOR IT quick. It is a good price."
76561198023188755,Recommended,208140,12504458,"Posted: 15 October, 2014",all,riverfront20,"I like this game, it was considerably worse at launch than it is now.  The devs have made sincere efforts to improve and some of them have paid off.  The critics reviews at launch don't really reflect the game now.  It's probably closer to an 85 with the changes and additions the devs have made.  If you like the wide campaign part of strategy games you'll probably like it, but if you're interested in the battles you'll likely be disappiointed.  The map/campaign is great fun and very sleek, but the battles are basically a crapshoot.  You get 3 turns, a variety of abilities to use each turn, and they have a rock paper scissors quality.  Space battles are fun to look at, but it gets tedious and I find myself skipping through them.Overall, it's worth picking up."
,Recommended,208140,14635420,"Posted: 24 February, 2015",all,Extremely Ordinary Gamer,"Blog Post:http://wildwoodgeek2.blogspot.com/2015/02/Endlessspace.htmlWhat Endless Space did rightSmooth 4X gameplayEndless Space plays great with smooth 4X gameplay. it plays a lot like a Civilization game, with the player having to manage your government, your tech, your military, and foreign relations.Strategic CombatIn Endless Space instead of directly controlling battles you choose your battle strategies. like EMPs, Missile Barriers, and the such. choosing the right battle strategy can help you win against even a larger fleet.Epic Thematic Battlesonce you've chosen your battle strategy the only thing to left to do is sit back and watch the fireworks. getting to see your epic fleet destroy (or be destroyed) is just great.Lots of factionsEndless Space features 12 factions with their own lore, game art, and space ship design. to add to that you can also create your own faction with their own traits.Custom fleetsin Endless Space you can choose what weapons and systems your ships have, this means you can make ship designs for certain purposes like planet invasion or fleet carrier.Heroesa slight RPG element to Endless Space are heroes. heroes can be assigned to systems and fleets giving bonus. they also get XP as time goes on and get better traits.What Endless Space did wrongUI is a little confusingthe Endless Space UI can be a little confusing and they don’t really do good job of explaining everything to you.AI is not too smartThe AI in Endless Space is not that smart. they will attack you even if you greatly outnumber them. also if you get a too high tech score they attack you “out of fear of your advancement” so basically they get afraid when you have enough power to beat them, so they attack you. on their own. i wish the AI would join together to take you down if they think you've gotten too powerful."
,Recommended,208140,12634484,"Posted: 25 October, 2014",all,Dramund,"Flawed, but still the best 4X space game since Galactic Civilizations 2.At first, I didn't like the combat much, but after playing other 4X games, I have a new appreciation for it... It is a double edged sword. The battles are simplistic and often a crapshoot, but inspecting your enemies capabilities and employing the right cards goes a long way to winning a battle, even if most of them are countered. The tactical combat also keeps the pace of the game up and helps you understand what happens if you skip manual combat.In more complex tactical battles in 4X games (e.g. Fallen Enchantress, AoW3), you never want to use auto-combat because the game will arbitrarily kill off units when you know you would never lose them in manual mode, so you end up going through the tedious process of a turned based tactical engagement in a one-sided fight just to make sure you can keep a veteran unit. Endless Space battles, while not nearly as complex, leave you the option to auto-resolve battles with confidence, which saves a lot of time while doing battles with an overpowering force - which in my experience encompass the majority of battles in 4X games. Icing on the cake; sometimes manual combat in Endless Space is worth it just because you want to actually  *see* your new fleet/commander/ship design make your enemy explode.Long and short - plenty of reviews cover the simplistic tactical combat, even though it is more complex than Civilization V. If we take the tactical combat out of the equation, Endless Space is a near-perfect 4X game. You can design ships, empire management is meticulous, and there are many ways to win. If we do add in tactical combat, I'd rather be playing Total War, but I'm not always in the mood, nor do I have that kind of time. 3π/10."
,Not Recommended,208140,28735019,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,Wisq,"This one didn't really click for me.  The expansion/colonisation parts are okay.  The initial game was interesting, expanding my reach and butting up against other empires.  But once I got into military planning and combat, things really started to fall apart.Combat is realtime and is always limited to a ""long range + medium range + melee"" three-phase system, after which it just ends, even if there are still ships alive on both sides.  As such, it can take several turns to actually wipe out a fleet, even if you dramatically outclass them.  There's also no way to use e.g. stand-off tactics that don't involve diving down into close-range combat.There's little rhyme or reason to either the AI ship designs or to the tactics they use in combat, and strategic movement is fast enough that you can easily get ambushed, so it's very difficult to plan ahead.  Even if you've already fought a particular class of ships, there's no way to see what their stats are, nor is there any sort of intelligence / spying system to see what an empire is capable of (e.g. what techs they have).Even if you could see their techs, it wouldn't really make that much of a difference.  Weapon and defense techs are really just a three-tier system with very little personality to each.  Compare this to, say, the old Master of Orion, where ship technologies were numerous and varied, there was no guarantee of getting any particular technology, and there was a tendency for an empire to focus and rely on a particular weapon type, making it easier to design against them (if you had the tech to do so).The victory conditions are also pretty wonky.  By the end of my first game, I was stomping all over the galaxy, taking over every system and controlled well over half of it.  I was notified that I was well on my way to both the expansion victory (75% of systems) and the supremacy victory (controlling all faction homeworlds).  Yet despite clearly being on the road to inevitable victory, I still lost because the other major empire happened to reach the annoyingly arbitrary economic victory, by making 720k dust over their empire's lifetime.  (Granted, you can turn each victory condition off if you don't like them, but they're all pretty arbitrary to begin with, and not individually customisable.)  There also wasn't any sort of end-game summary with graphs etc. so I could see what I could've done to stop them.The hero system is okay, but it doesn't give you very many over the course of a game.  It would also probably be a lot better if the heroes were distinctly separated into two separate pools, one for running systems and one for commanding fleets.  As it stands, you can quickly run out of skills to add to your governors — and yet the skill tree is completely hidden from you, so you often have to pick combat skills (useless for a governor) in order to get to more skills that might actually be useful to them.  The only advantage of the current system is that you can level up a planet governor by having them run a fleet or vice versa, but it doesn't seem worth all the extra mess.I may come back to this after trying some other modern space 4X games, but I doubt it.  Doesn't really give me what I want out of a 4X."
76561197996388991,Not Recommended,208140,25616572,"Posted: 21 September, 2016",all,Amaror,"I almost never make reviews but this game became so infuriating in its current state that I have to write about it.Singeplayer is not fun anymore. The reason for this is a combination of weird AI behaviour, strange Design Decisions and newly introduced Abilities that don't work with the older mechanics at all. So I will get through it one by one:1. You can only attack with each fleet once per turn. This wasn't too bad in the earlier versions of the game. The AI enemies usually had a sensible number of fleets and your one attack per turn was enough to sensibly engage the enemy in warfare. This isn't the case anymore because:2. The AI spams fleets. Like lots of fleets. Insane amounts of them. That leads to bizare situations that the AI will have dozens of fleets in a single one of your star systems, currently invading the system. This means there is a counter and based on the Invasion strength of the enemy fleets ticking down and when it finishes the star system gets captured. Not too bad, you would say. You can simply kill the enemy fleets since their focuss on Invasion means their weapons are bad. But you can't because you can only attack once per turn. And if you have one strong fleet and the enemy has a dozen weak fleets and your star system will get captured in 6 turns, you will only be able to kill 6 of their fleets. Not enough to keep the Invasion from happening. This would be bad enough, but it gets worse because:3. Fleets can easily retreat. That means when you use your one attack to kill an enemy fleet, that fleet can just retreat granted it doesn't get killed in a single combat-turn. That means that fleet will retreat to a nearby star system and immediatly turn around on the next turn and return to the start system it was in before, clogging up the Star system with another enemy fleet, that you can't destroy BECAUSE YOU CAN ONLY ATTACK ONCE PER TURN.This is stupid. You have the bizarre Situation were I have a massive Death-Fleet in Orbit of a star system, while the enemy has a few dozen tin cans floating through space in that system and I cannot keep those tin cans from conquering the entire star system because the game says I can only shoot at one tin can per year apparently.And this isn't a one-of situation. I tried about 5 different games since Disharmony and while early warfare works fine because the enemy doesn't spam fleets at that point yet, after turn 100 this situation ALWAYS occurs and it ALWAYS ruins the fun of the game. This is broken. The devs could have fixed it by just removing the ""One attack per turn""-mechanic, but they apparently don't care."
,Recommended,208140,29446522,Posted: 23 January,all,SaintGenge,"I have played this game quite a lot. It's a good mix of moderate complexity with the 'Just one more turn...' pull that good 4X games strive to achieve.It recently went on sale, which has caused an influx of poor reviews from players with barely any play time on their profile. It seems to be that most of these seem to be related to the games' difficulty or perceived lack of depth - both of which are caused by a failure to read the in-game messages and/or an unfamiliarity with 4X games. Don't let that dissuade you if it's on sale - it's a bit dated, but a solid game with a long history of positive reviews."
,Recommended,208140,9632839,"Posted: 26 March, 2014",all,cyborgmarxism,"This game owns and is one of the best space empire building games since GalCiv2. That being said, diplomatic victory is about as fun as watching paint dry and should be avoided at all costs unless you're achievement hoarding."
,Recommended,208140,29108790,Posted: 7 January,all,Himulaya,"Endless space is one of the better space 4X games I've played since MOO2 (the original, not that remake that replaced the space combat system...)Anyway, Endless space is more simplified than most 4X games, yet it retains enough depth to keep the game interesting for many hours (I've got more hours off-steam with this game than I do on steam). I specially like how they tackled the population system, a bit more civ-like where you have ""population units"" rather than raw numbers, and you can easily move them around your planets to fit your production needs.Pros:Great 4X mechanicsBig, varied and nicely spread tech ""tree"" (actually graph)Population management is simplified but still deep enough and interestingColony management late game doesn't get boring and overwhelmingCons:Both space and ground combat are too shallow. Turn-based tactical combat would fit much better than ""define tactics and watch a movie""."
76561198032313332,Not Recommended,208140,16045108,"Posted: 28 May, 2015",all,guerillabunny,"I've been itching for a new space 4x game since good ol' Master of Orion 2 is getting a bit... ol'. Endless Space sounds like the prime candidate; imaginative (enough) races, customizable starships, plenty of special resources and random events... But it falls short on almost every aspect.The first problem is that I don't feel connected to anything that I'm doing. In Master of Orion 2, the planet view had all of the planet's populace was represented by tiny members of your race that you could drag from one task to another. It's strange how such a small UI feature immediately tells you that you're playing Trilarians, Psilons or Darloks. In Endless Space, there are these simple ""meeples"" that bear a striking semblance to a piece on a board game. There are no tasks. Instead, each unit of population produces an equal amount of everything, determined by the improvements in the star system. Yep. There aren't many planet-specific buildings; exploitation (which roughly means the primary focus of a planet), terraforming, moon exploration and negative anomaly elimination. Still, as far as I can tell, they go into the same system-wide production queue.The next problem is the special resources. They're not really that special. All they really do is add a bonus to one of the basic four resources (food, industry, dust and science). If you have 4 of them, you'll get an empire-wide bonus that varies from +20% industry to leader experience gains. That is the luxury resourced. Strategic resources are even less exciting. More advanced ship modules require one of the eight strategic resource. Just having one is enough, but having more lowers the cost of said module. Again, having 4 grants a bonus, but it's just a more dramatic cost reduction.Next in line is the ship design. The way combat works in Endless Space is that there are 3 types of weapons, namely kinetic, beam and missile. They can also be adjusted for 3 different ranges, long, medium and melee, but each weapon type can only be set to one range. So you can't have kinetic weapons for long and medium range, for example. The second biggest problem is there are only 4 levels of each weapon, and that's it. The same is true for all modules, mind you. Everything is just a flat numeric upgrade. To make things even more confusing, there are a few different sizes of hulls, and each seems to have 2 different designs. Why? Because, for some inexplicable reason, the devs decided that it would be a good idea to have capacity modifiers for certain types of modules, such as +25% weight for defense modules and -50% weight for weapon modules. If only you were able to choose those modifiers...But the worst part of it is how it plays out in combat. For someone who's used to thinking every fight through in Master of Orion 2, Endless Space is a nightmare. When the combat starts, you have two options; manual or automatic combat, but they really have no mechanical difference. ""Manual"" might as well be called cinematic, because it's just an animated representation of the automated combat. The only thing you can control is the maneuvers you can do at each range, long, medium and melee. At a point where most of my systems are hitting level 3 I have about 10 of them in total (though there are a few that you can research, and leaders can give some). All ranges have the same options. What makes things even more annoying is that pretty much all cards affect 3 things, and they not-so-subtly prod the player in a specific direction. So what really happens when you engage in combat is that you study the strengths and weaknesses of each fleet, choose the cards that play into your advantages and and gives the least advantage to your enemy at each range... and that's it. You can either watch the fight unfold, or skip it. Either way, you can't control anything else.It might sound tactical, but in the long (or short, if we're being completely frank) run squinting at numbers loses its luster as well. Surprisingly enough, it does feel satisfied when you beat the odds because you chose your cards wisely, but even that becomes a chore. And this shouldn't even be a complaint, but the enemy learns from its mistakes, and to play into the weaknesses of a consistent strategy. So basically you have to scrutinize every ship in fleets that keep getting larger and larger so that you don't get taken by surprise. And you might have to keep changing your ships' design as well to keep the enemy from exploiting a specific design.Combine it with an irrational AI that keeps attacking your explorers (because the game starts with everyone at war with one another), and then doesn't want peace because they don't consider you trustworthy, and you're going to face a lot of combat. Even on easy difficulty level, enemy ships just keep pouring in from every which way. And it's not like they're going to attack your fleets either. No, they're always heading for the undefended systems, so you'll spend a lot of time chasing fleets that are rampaging in your territory. And when I say ""every which way"", I mean it. There are star lanes and wormholes in the game, but they restrict movement only in the early game. Later on, you can just ignore them.There's a whole slew of other issues as well. The fact that the tutorials explain only the barest of basics in a few screens, while leaving the in-depth stuff (relatively speaking) is left for the wiki. Diplomacy is really bare-bones. Making deals is clear enough and offers a decent selection of offers, but again, the AI is just an inanimate cardboard cutout that barely says anything at all. It's also really difficult to understand what makes a specific AI tick.So, to wrap things up, when I'm playing this game, I don't feel like a conqueror of space. I feel like a bureaucrat."
,Recommended,208140,28284533,"Posted: 10 December, 2016",all,Clearwater (G.E.W.P),"'Space space, I wanna go to space' - One of the personality cores from Portal 2Endless Space is a 4X strategy game (eXploit, eXpand, eXplore, eXterminate), developed by Amplitude Studios.The game revolves around the legacy of an ancient sentient race known as the Endless, and the technologies they left behind when they went extinct. Many centuries later, factions of different kinds and species are locked in a battle for control of the galaxy, and control of a substance the Endless have created, known as Dust.If you have played other 4X strategy games, such as Civilisation or Master Of Orion, then Endless Space will feel familiar to you: You start off on one planet in a system, and by researching technologies, colonising other systems and managing your resources and military power, your rise to fame takes place.The game's soundtrack is beautifully sublime as well, consisting of slow-paced electronic music with Middle-Eastern instruments mixed in, all composed by FlyByNo.The only flaws I can think of the game are perhaps the tutorials. While they explain the basics of the game rather well, I feel they do not go in-depth enough about certain elements of the game to allow the player to fully understand a certain research capability or how to stockpile resources.Regardless, Endless Space is an amazing game, and one that is highly recommended for any tacticians out there. If you have never played a 4X strategy game before and want to get into it, this is where you should start.9/10. Would go to space again."
,Recommended,208140,28575963,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,Steve Lo,"A neutral review, it's a good game that sadly gets monotonous after awhile. Replay value is moderate, if anything it'd be to just try out the other factions. Definitely worth it on sale at 75% ($7,) higher prices don't justify the content to cost.It is a good game, the empire building is fun and complex, diplomacy/AI are very competant as compared to the other 4X game AIs, albiet still not perfect mind you.Sadly the biggest draw back is the replay value, there really isn't much of a replay value as compared to other strategy 4X games. As strange as this sounds despite maps being somewhat large and randomly generated, the maps are very limited to where you're able to go - the star system and planets are always in different locations but the map is always the same. All you can do is basically follow the dots and your empire building essentially becomes a game of connect the dots, it's like this for all games. The lack of movement and diveristy of maps is the major con of this game.Empire building, AI are the best features of the game. The Empire building is complex at times by having a difficult balancing act between Food Industry vs Dust and Science (FIDS) along with population happiness.Combat is a matter of personal taste, personally I'm on the fence about it. There's no ""real"" interaction and the scenes are always the same. However the amount of customization you can add to your ships (no cosmetic changes unfortunately, if there were cosmetic changes it would be amazing) and your selection in cards help offset the boring battles which often results in just auto-resolving to save time, sense manual combat all you get to do is watch (and change cards if you need too.)- In the end, it's a good game with both strong postive features and strong negative features.EDIT: Ah, and the factions are worth a mention too. There is a very limited amount of factions but they're unique in all aspects with an interesting lore which the AI actually sticks too. Unlike other 4X factions where a religious AI ends up going war-like, the AI in E.S. ends up sticking to what you'd expect from that faction; either warring, expansive, economic or generalized. The lack of factions however can be made up by creating your own factions with a TON of options. Sadly you have to choose from one of the faction skins for your ships. Again, this is another example of strong positive and strong negative features of this game."
76561197986443427,Recommended,208140,19134588,"Posted: 17 November, 2015",all,Rackminster,"Endless Space is a game for people with patience and interest in complex mechanics, not unlike Galactic Civilizations.  As a 4X game, it succeeds and holds its own well.  The AI works the systems and the difficulties scale well as you learn the game.  If turn-based, steep learning curve games don't scare you then you should at least put this on your Wishlist.Before giving up in frustration, there are some key mechanics to understand.Combat - You choose 'cards' in each of three combat phases, and set formations and tactics before starting the fight.  If you choose to 'Auto' the battle, it plays out exactly as it would if you were watching but without being able to shift your card selection.  Sitting through the fight in 'Manual' lets you see the destruction and alter your selected card for the next phase if you want to.  The cards can counter opponent cards and/or simply provide combat bonuses.  Combat mechanics aren't clearly described and can be confusing - the most important aspect is the relationship between ship size, defense, and weapon damage.  Late game AI ship builds will push you to have a good understanding of how to defeat them mechanically.Ship builds - Ship building is fairly tame and comes down to adding categories of stats.  Ship builds generally stick to themes - the ""Tank"", the ""Glass Cannon"", and the ""Planet Destroyer"".  Trying to create balanced ships early in the game can work, but later they become a liability and it's better to shift to a strategy that involves either making a lot of small glass cannons or a massive tank backed by serious firepower.  Space limitations in each of the 6 chassis types means ships never get insane statistics on their own.Growth - Colonization is key to conquest and can be tricky to understand at first.  It can be hard to balance happiness, taxes, and production - but with a few key techs it's easy to shift into overdrive and expand as quickly as the AI does.  The combat and conquest does suffer from grinding, especially later in the game, but that seems a common theme is in every 4X game and is expected.Overall, this is a worthwhile 4X strategy title and is recommended for lovers of the genre."
,Not Recommended,208140,1557831,"Posted: 11 March, 2013",all,Nephilm,"Looks shiny, but the AI is terrible and there's a severe lack of balance everywhere from combat to the tech tree to the stock races themselves (nevermind custom races).  You'll have fun for a few hours, but quickly enough you'll figure out how the game works and realize there's a single best method for winning (not even a handful, a single one) barring random events (which are also unbalanced) and the AI is not a challenge at all, which makes things really bad because multiplayer is half-broken (used to be fully broken).The real big problem about all of this, though, is that the developer is so focused on their gimmick of asking for community vote when it comes to adding content or at all modifying the game, that the glaring issues get overlooked in the face of adding more faction colors or art assets, because the community at large either doesn't care about balance or is terrible at it. It's specially jarring when terrible ideas get implemented because you *know* they won't be removed later since that'd be going back on their word of doing what the community says."
,Recommended,208140,30073300,Posted: 20 February,all,slobooger,"Too many people buying games on sale (Because its on sale) then giving bad reviews with ZERO game time played.Seriously. if you arent into 4X games, then you just arent into them.THIS IS A TURN BASED GAME! if you dont like turn based games, then you probably shouldnt buy it and then give a bad review because the turn based  feels boring to you.Personally, I LOVE them, they are great for working and gaming at the same time. I cant help but do one more turn.... I cannot quit, I actually have to force myself to stop playing.I enjoy it greatly, so yeah, 10/10"
76561198044477426,Recommended,208140,22930136,"Posted: 12 May, 2016",all,Ulubey,"A fantastic 4x game with the absolute best UI you will ever see in a strategy game. I also love the fully visible tech tree where you can plan ahead, even more so after playing a few games with ""randomly available technologies"". It pains me to see it getting mixed reviews nowadays. I mean sure it has it's problems, you can't control ships in combat, but you still have strategy cards, formations, and massive hero bonuses. That's more than recent game Stellaris has in their combat system. After playing several other 4x's i always find myself comparing them to Endless Space, almost like its the par for the course. I mean that in the best way possible too."
,Recommended,208140,31153366,Posted: 15 April,all,Picrasso,"For everyone giving negative reviews: this is a great game, albeit a bit old. It hasDistinct and awesome racesA great tech tree with rac-unique techsGreat loreSuperb musicBeautiful combat scenes - although the player is not in direct controlThe reason for this sale is probably because Amplitude wants your attention for their other great games: Dungeon of the Endless (stupid awesome dungeon crawl rogue tower defense), Endless Legend (one of the best 4X games out there) and the soon to be released Endless Space 2. I might be biased, but everything Amplitude makes is awesome!"
76561198095818191,Recommended,208140,25613607,"Posted: 20 September, 2016",all,VonHynrik,"Are you a fan of the Civilization Series? Then you are goin to love this game. Explore, Colonize, Build improvements, Teraform, Diplomacy and/or Wage wars. The biggest thing that i loved about this game was the endless customization of what go in your ships. And dont pay attention to anyone complaining about the combat system. yes its kinda tricky at first if your doing it on manual but it really isnt that hard. If you find out that manual combat is too hard then all i gotta say is ""Use the Auto Combat"" if u dont feel comfortable giving direct orders."
76561198141934287,Recommended,208140,23004319,"Posted: 15 May, 2016",all,Andalite,"I played about 80 hours on classic mode (without the Disharmony dlc) before I switched over to the Disharmony version. The game is incredible and gets only better with the addition of the Disharmony dlc. And the AI is probably the most vastly improved feature of the game. Oh man, the AI.Me and three other factions controlled a quarter of the galaxy each. Well, I allied myself with two of the others, and declared war on the remaining faction, the Sowers. I had the least amount of ships in the galaxyand was by far the weakest by firepower, but thanks to fleet formations and strategic card playing, I beat every fleet sent my way. By the time I drove this guy to his only remaining star system, his home system, I must have destroyed well over a hundred individual ships and taken six or seven systems from him. He's two turns away from being wiped from the face of the galaxy when he calls for a ceasefire. Maybe you're thinking he offers me a tech or two I don't have for incentive to accept the ceasefire.Nope.Not only does he demand I pay him 30 dust per turn, not only does he demand techs that would reveal different resources to him, he also demands no less than four star systems that never even belonged to him in the first place. I mean, the balls of that. The absolute ungodly size of them.I almost accepted the ceasefire out of sheer awe.10/10 recommend."
,Recommended,208140,24360693,"Posted: 16 July, 2016",all,kc_bandit,"So I bought Stellaris a month or so ago and liked it.  Have always been a fan of 4X playing Civilization and similar games.  I enjoyed Stellaris, but it wasn't exactly everything I want.  I read about Endless Space and figured I would give it a try.  It is quite simply an amazing game.  Very well done with tons of replay value.  I highly recommend this game for anyone who is a fan of 4X.  The ability to customize your faction sets this apart from both Stellaris and Civilization in my opinion."
76561198103069139,Recommended,208140,31212820,Posted: 17 April,all,Mehran Persia,Buys game on sale for 2$plays for 10 hours straightrealizes its 3 in the morning...continues playing
76561198000785358,Not Recommended,208140,15833931,"Posted: 14 May, 2015",all,TheCombatWombat,"I wanted to recommend this game, but I can't. I like strategy games in general and 4x in particular, but there are just too many little nig-gles[stupid profanity filter]that turn it (overall) into something largely unfun. I could write a detailed analysis of everything, but tons of people have done that already. So... here's a little list of turn-offs that, if they bother you, you should leave this game alone.1. The AI cheats. A lot. Shunt up the difficulty, and it doesn't even bother to hide it, just straight-up in-yo-face BS.2. Limited replayability. I'm sure purists will disagree, but despite the attempt to give each faction a different feel, overall I felt that the game just plays the sameish way every time.3. Horrible,horrible, *HORRIBLE* achievements. If you're a 100%'er, do NOT pick this one up.4. A number of (imo) bad design decisions. I won't get into all the details, but the absolute worst (again, imo) is the ""simultaneous turns"" idea. Yes. Very fair. I can totally operate m&k as fast as my computer processes the AI's turns. PTFO. You can barely select a fleet before the AI moves ALL it's fleets and takes their actions.5. Poor diplomatic system. Too far behind, get attacked because you're weak. Too far ahead, get ganged up on because you're too strong. Maintain some sort of rough equality, and your idiot allies will drag you into stupid wars where either a) you don't support them, so they get eaten and your enemies get stronger; or b) you DO support them, and you have to cover their backs as well as your own, and then they turn on you because your fleet build up has pushed you from a non-threatening to an aggressive stance. Don't count on winning diplomatic victories unless it's the kind of I-got-all-the-guns-and-power sort of diplomacy. This game's ""diplomacy"" can die in a fire."
,Recommended,208140,31200651,Posted: 17 April,all,BloodyPork,"Wow so many negative review suddenly.This game has pretty positive rating for a very long time... until it gets the $1 sale.Honestly most of those negative reviewers only buy the game because it is cheap. They are not veteran 4x/conquest genre players, so it is kinda expected really.Yes, this game isn't exceptionally good, in fact I'd say it's a rather average 4x game overall, but those negative review is unwarranted. It's more like a case of short attention span ""action"" gamer button mashing 8 yr olds trying a slow paced high learning curve turn based strategy for the first time. Let me quote some of the ridiculous review stems from complete lack of experience in playing 4x game:- ""The AI is super unfair. I have a hard time winning on Newbie.""- ""Its ugly. Gameplay seems repetitive with amateur choices and terrible music.""- ""Sometimes a stray ship will come to my planet and offer services or peace but as im reading that text it disappears and end's my turn.""- ""It might be a great game, if you understand it. But the tutorial is terrible.""- ""Bought this game on sale. It's really hard to understand and to learn this.""- ""Game was given to me as gift, best part I found was the return to desktop option.""And these reviews all came from people who played less than half an hour. Really, just go back playing CS:GO or something. Don't crap on games that you don't understand."
,Recommended,208140,25062382,"Posted: 21 August, 2016",all,✪ pacificHunta,"Endless Space is a 4X space-themed game.It is a game with a lot of depth to it, and that has its ups and downs.PROS:Several Factions (and the ability to customize them with traits of your choice)Beautiful graphicsAMAZING SoundtrackDifferent types of victories (Military, Economic, Diplomatic, Scientific, etc.)Several AI difficultiesCONS:Match length can be really exhausting (even though that's normal in 4X games)Few people playing online in open lobbies. If you want to play online, bring friends.Pirate spawns can be extremely annoying if they catch you by surpriseFinal Score:4/5It's a very fun game to pick up and have fun, but I rarely ever find myself actually finishing matches (online or not)Nonetheless, I still enjoy playing it ocasionally. If you enjoy strategy/4X games, you'll like this game."
,Recommended,208140,26006717,"Posted: 12 October, 2016",all,vG. Mr. Sandman,"Honestly, First opened the game, Crash.Relaunch, worked fine (was just a resolution issue)Clicked play, chose a race.Got ingame, UI Scared the living hell out of me. So much stuff to look at. Thought ""i'll probably end up refunding this""Played a hour, enjoyed it. Played some more... realised i had 7 hours in it. (one session)Good game."
,Not Recommended,208140,7760839,"Posted: 25 November, 2013",all,PerfectXtreme,"While I generally love SciFi games and space empire building games rank among my favorite, the combat alone in this game killed it for me.You basically sit back and watch as a ""bad"" cut-scene plays out and the only actual interaction you have is a choice between 3 cards that honestly make little to difference in the outcome.I gave this game one full playthrough and I can't say I would recommend it to anyone.  Master of Orion, Sins of a Solar Empire, and other similar games managed to keep my attention for multiple matches and i've gone back to them off and on over the years.  I won't be playing this one again..."
,Recommended,208140,31360716,Posted: 25 April,all,ScienceDiscoverer,"I want to tell you a story.It was in my first game, small galaxy, medium difficulty.SOWERS (robots that care only for expansion) suddenly broke peace and attacked my scientific race (I had weak single fleet and I was focused on research, not war) with 4 huge 13-ships fleets + 2 full planet bombardment fleets. I lost my fleet in 1st heated battle, but took 4 enemy ships into the abyss along with me. They started capturing my system. I had no fleets, no defenses, no hope.But I refused to give up! Quality over quantity!In only about 4 years I managed to produce giant high tech mothership along with 2 medium size frigates and 4 smaller ships, making full fleet. To counter me, enemy moved 2 of his fleets to block my main super industrial star system. But he was too late. My mothership and frigate moved out of the system before enemy got there. Other part of my fleet was fabricated in my 2nd industrial system. Captains of this 2 fleets met behind enemy lines and with the help of star system manager Hero, that left his post to command our Last Hope, they charged to aid our besieged system, that was struggling to survive against countless enemy hordes.With the help of Science and progress the power of our single combined fleet was equal to 4 enemy fleets together. With enemy fleets sprayed out to block my industry, they stood no chance against the power of Science. The battle was victorious.And many of the  “reviewers” say, that this game is piece of garbage without even playing it. SHAME!"
,Recommended,208140,485053,"Posted: 7 July, 2012",all,Alexspeed,"This is a great game, its, for me at least, a spiritual sucessor to Masters of Orion, if you remember that.The UI is very well done, its a joy to navigate around, other games can definatly learn from it.The combat is the weakest point, but its not the main point of the game. It is pretty to watch, but you have not much influence besides the cards you research or get in other ways. You can skip it if you want it tough.This game is more focused on expanding, exploring, managing your empire and planets, and of course the development of new technologies. Diplomacy is in it too of course.Overall it gets 8.5 out of 10 points from me, a definitive must play game if you like strategy games!"
,Recommended,208140,13271344,"Posted: 7 December, 2014",all,LockeProposal,"+ Difficulty levels add challenge without affecting balance+ Various upgrades for territory+ Multiple classes of ship+ Heroes are well-implemented and really add to the game+ Ship customization system is fairly well-designed and easy to get the hang of+ Excellent racial narratives+ Excellent audio+ Intricate detail in ship designs- Too few weapon types- Races are mostly unique in ship design and backstory; doesn't affect gameplay quit enough- Average particle effects- Battle system is partially dependent on RNG (Random Number Generator), and not in a favorable wayLockeProposal's Big Day OutCommunity GroupCurator PageSerious Steam Reviews subReddit"
76561198005923854,Recommended,208140,18478918,"Posted: 14 October, 2015",all,Yulgalminakf,"I'm a sucker for space-themed 4x turn-based games, but this one really stands out.Races are well balanced, technology tree is pretty long, resources are scarce (making you choose which technologies to pursue), and combat is easy, but complex.I have to say though, the best thing about this game is absolutely the UI. It's clean, easy to use, efficient, and provides you with all the information you need to run your empire.This is what the result can be if the makers of the game put a lot of polish on it."
,Recommended,208140,13420455,"Posted: 17 December, 2014",all,Flammie,"I gravitated towards this game after playing Sins of a Solar Empire for a while.  I enjoyed the aspect of it feeling like a 4X game (Civ was a want at the time, but I didn't want to pony up 50$+ for a game that I was unsure of), while still feeling vaguely familiar.After playing Civ5 after this game, I can say that this is probably one of the FASTER 4X's on the market.  Games like Civ will take ages just to get yourself to any reasonable point in the game even on the fastest available mode, research and expansion-wise, whereas this game you can effectively start and finish a game in a few casual nights on the fastest speed.Another perk of the game is just how beautiful the fight cinematics are.  Though most players, especially in multi-player, will skip these because of time constraints.  But the general presentation of the game is incredibly clean, things are for the most part explained out through hover-over text (Why is my approval rating so low?  Here's a list of every positive and negative affect on it within this system!), but there are its flaws here and there with this.  Some newer features haven't been polished up as much as the base game, but that's overlookable since everything functions just right.Speaking of fighting, that brings me to another irk.  The AI can be incredibly stubborn regarding fleets, and the mechanics of the game can be bothersome as well.  Case in point: If you have a large fleet in enemy territory, a single scout ship can pin down the entire fleet and prevent it from doing anything unless you formally declare war on them.  And in turn, declaring war opens up your borders to their ships and doing the same to you.  So you can't attack a single piddly ship, nor can you get away from it, unless you either make peace or throw down the hatchet.Resources in the game are fairly well presented.  The game bases around FIDS; Food, Industry, Dust, Science.  Every planet can produce some of these, and improvements can further add onto these numbers for a total at the top of every system.  Another fine thing is that each system is pretty much independent of each other, aside from a few exceptions of endless temples, wonders, and luxury resources.  But these are worded differently and imply that they are empire-wide instead of just in system.  So a rebellious and angry system doesn't drag down everybody else, but you can feel it as a whole in regards to your Dust rates.  Managing your empire is tough at times, but it's not improbable unless you make some terrible decisions early on (expanding too fast, hiking the taxes up to insane amounts for no legitimate reason, etc.) or end up getting assaulted by a warmonger later on with not enough ships available.Diplomacy is very well presented, showing your faction vs. everybody else's faction, along with every other faction displaying their current status with other players (Alliance, Peace, Cold War, and War) but there's not much else to it.  Trading tech, making deals, and what-not.  Basic stuff, nothing too insane.The way the military system is presented is interesting.  Fleets cost dust to maintain, and fleets can only be so big, based on your current tech and starting perks.  Some of the science-based factions take smaller fleet perks, since they don't look to win by kicking everybody in the pants.  The one issue I have with the game is that it doesn't take into proper account fighters into the attack power strength, which can be incredibly overpowering at times as they don't really have anything to counteract them via battle cards.  Could be an interesting addition to the combat tree, if you know the enemy is using figs.A great game, worthwhile to give a play if you're growing tired of traditional 4X games taking a week of dedicated play to finish, and are looking for something small and fast to play in bite sized pieces.  I know most people gripe about balance, but when the game's randomly generated like this, there's obviously going to be a little luck involved.  But a good player should be able to counteract things and use their beginning to their advantage as best they can."
,Recommended,208140,23245194,"Posted: 27 May, 2016",all,key,"I gave this game another shot after trying Stellaris, and I must say I really prefer Endless Space.  This is the gold standard for modern 4x.  Great UI, interesting tech tree, solid combat system that doesn't bog things down, good management options, and the hero system really adds some flavor.  Highly reccommended."
76561198031181900,Recommended,208140,29597352,Posted: 30 January,all,Tiramisu,"This is a really good and refreshingly original game. However, it took me many hours to get used to the unusual gameplay and it took me even longer to understand the game mechanics. So at first it was not much fun and weird, but in the end I am glad that I kept playing Endless Space."
76561197998701258,Recommended,208140,31417748,Posted: 28 April,all,Psygnal,"If you're a fan of Masters of Orion II, then this might be the game for you.  It seems to share much of the same mechanics, albeit wrapped in a pretty different UI. It seems to have quite a bit more depth, but is a little more opaque for the beginner.Graphically very nice. Audio is fair. UI is a bit kludgy, but does the job once you start getting to grips with it.The ship to ship combat is unexpected, and the jury is still out on whether I like this or not.Essentially, you choose your 'maneuvers' for three stages of battle - long range, medium range and melee. These can be things you've researched, or just what your individual ships can do. Then your ships carry out the combat without your input as you watch.This isn't super exciting - though it's quite cinematic.I think I might still prefer MOO2's more tactical turn-based combat, but we'll see once I've got a few more hours under my belt.This is a very nice game, and I definitely recommend it if you're after a space-based 4X with a bit of an edge... particularly if you miss the likes of MOO2."
,Not Recommended,208140,31142153,Posted: 14 April,all,Kirbonkadonk,"I can only really recommend this for multiplayer, as the single-player AI is frankly atrociously-handled.The multiplier bonuses as listed on the Endless Space wiki are pretty telling:http://endlessspace.wikia.com/wiki/Game_settingsPutting aside the fact that, going by those figures, Newbie difficulty seems to be theclosest you're going to get to a level playing field, I shouldn't need to point out that simply buffing numbers is a lazy method of introducing difficulty, nor should I have to explain why. It's a matter that's been discussed ad nauseum for a large part of the medium's life.There's also the matter of a territory/resource-deprived AI still somehow managing to churn out a considerable amount of firepower. I don't know what's sillier, pulling entire fleets out of Hammerspace, or the fact there are apparently people who deny there's anything fishy about this.I mean, if you're okay with it - maybe you just like having more stuff to blow up - that's totally fine. But at least be honest about it.With a group of human players, I could see this being a fairly enjoyable (if very lightweight) 4X. It's not necessarily BAD, there's just not a lot to it. If you're willing to go to the trouble of organising lengthy multiplayer sessions with this kind of game, you're probably also willing to get your teeth into something a bit more substantial.I'll still be playing this a bit to see if I warm up to it, but as of the time of writing this, I'm doubtful."
76561198081552517,Not Recommended,208140,12212336,"Posted: 23 September, 2014",all,Cerebral Palguin,"There's better negative reviews here, but I'll just say this:+The game is beautiful. Artwork, galaxies, planets; beautiful.+Plenty of that 4X micromanaging+Good game concept-AI cheats-Diplomacy victory impossible-Smart decisions/solid strategies are penalized; expansion lowers happiness, lowering all outputs; non-expansion lowers happiness, lowering outputs-All ships of the same hull design look the same despite extensive customization and tweaking-Stock species are NOT balanced against each other, at all-Your people's happiness is the one thing you need to worry about most rather than actual resources, and the conditions for happiness are absurd (expanding;staying on one system both generate unhappiness)"
,Recommended,208140,13135956,"Posted: 28 November, 2014",all,Whalerguy,"tldr: you should probably already own this if you like 4x games and spaceA solid 4x and a good benchmark game.  If you ever played Risk and thought ""I could get into this"" this is the game for you.  Games take forever, the skill tree(s) might as well go on forever, expansion takes (almost)forever.  You get the idea.This is a good benchmark 4x because it literally does what it claims and no more.  Control the planets, systems, fleet, troop, production, and diplomacy in exquisite detail with exactly the right controls (I'm looking at you ""right-click backing out of status windows"") which I swear should be everywhere.I digress, if you like the genre or want to dip a toe this is a good foundation to build a love for 4x games upon.  For the experienced player you'll be glad to know that things like wormhole geometry will have a bearing on your life.  Because jump points between systems become very important.  Once you've established yourself in a galactic arm with one jump point in and out you want to keep it.  You might take a system on the other side of the jump point just to keep it safe, even though the system is a drag on the economy.  You know you're going to have to increase fleet production to take the system but citizens are unhappy because you have...You get the idea. The only (obvious) twist here is that it takes place in space.  So if that's your thing you should enjoy it."
76561198052743399,Not Recommended,208140,15423703,"Posted: 17 April, 2015",all,BobDoleReigns,"Simply put this game is pretty high up on my ""steam regrets"" list and I don't know why. It starts off with fairly amazing graphics, however, things quickly go downhill. The whole combat system is essentially pick a card by making an educated guess about what card the computer picked... and then you get to watch a 30 sec encounter of the ships shooting at eachother. After maye the first dozen fights these become increasingly painful to watch as you realize that if you wanted to watch a movie you have no control over netflix is probably the cheaper and better option. Essentially all of the combat and strategy are done in what you research and how you equip your ships (kindof cool for the 2 minutes it takes) of course by the late game it doesn't really matter what you do equipping wise as all ships are essentially paper airplanes flying around with nukes. (whoever has the most ships wins)... I'm going to quit writing before I get to the completely happiness (you have very very little control over) based economy as this much anger is unhealthy.TLDR; Deceptively disappointing game. You do tons of work for very little actual affect on the game."
,Not Recommended,208140,21921996,"Posted: 19 March, 2016",all,Bethic,"Game is pretty enjoyable for the initial 100+ rounds, then as soon as you got the Dreadnaught, the nature of the cheaty AI would be exposed.In easy or normal difficulty, before you got the dreadnaught everything seems to be pretty simple and easy, AI may fight back for a couple of times but they never pose a real threat. Still, later in the game, when you think you would be able to crush the AI with the dreadnaught and a whole advanced fleet , you would be surprised - all of a sudden all the AI fleet got around 90% deflect rate shield, and a couple of destroyers can easily wipe your entire fleet without hurting themself at all.It seems the AI adjust to your technology level far too abrupt, almost within 5 rounds.For casual player, this is just a pain in the♥♥♥♥♥Maybe the game will be much more fun when you play with your friends.Sorry dev, your AI sucks."
,Recommended,208140,957902,"Posted: 28 July, 2013",all,stark.eddard,"Endless Space is a 4X (eXplore, eXpand, eXploit, eXterminate) turn-based space strategy. I've been playing it since alpha and have to admit that it's a sort of a mixed blessing. Let me list all the pros and cons as I see it to give you a better picture.PROS: Solid graphics with fantasticly detailed awesome planet textures, neat art style, memorable and diverse races, clean and slick UI, some of the core game systems, e.g. the FIDS concept (Food, Industry, Dust, Science), research trees are quite the beasts with many interesting techs.MIXED: Battle system is controversial. Player has a limited input on the battles - no direct control over ships, just cards (actions), formations and targeting. I don't mind the concept as a whole and it got better with the Disharmony addon, but  there's for improvement IMO. Heroes are also in the so-so category, their ability trees are dull and not diverse enough although I like the concept. Events are cool but too few and not detailed enough to my taste.CONS: Diplomacy is weak in its current form + you have to research even the most basic types of interactions which really hurts multiplayer, espionage is basicly non-existant. Fast early expansion aka system grabbing is still the best strategy for most races, the penalties are not strong enough to encourage alternative strategies in most cases.Even with many negatives I consider Endless Space to be one of the better 4X strategies of the last years. It lacks depth as a single-player experience IMO, most game systems are too straightforward and multiplayer has plenty problems of its own. Still, if you dig the genre and don't expect ES to be the best 4X strategy ever you might sink couple hundred hours into it not without pleasure."
76561198007087169,Recommended,208140,32372109,Posted: 12 June,all,YemG,TL;DR: Good game with horrible UICons:AI kinda sucks at planet development and I find it too easy on normal. I will increase difficulty when I have the time to play more.(I am playing Stellaris on Insane so don't take my opinion on difficulty)Fleet Movement is a pain in the♥♥♥♥♥ I Alt+F4 couple of times because of my siege ships take the fight despite I have a fighter fleet also selected.Pros:A good balance with going wide or going tall.Different play style for different Empires.Custom Empire building.Will dump at least 50 more hours and going to buy Endless Space 2.
,Recommended,208140,7835994,"Posted: 29 November, 2013",all,Smurfferdid,"If you're a fan of any 4X strategy games, you owe it to yourself to play this. The streamlined interface, and the deceptively complex micromanagement make this game compelling and intuitive from the first turn to the last. Several design decisions may seem awkward at first, such as the movement phase not actually ocurring between any singular turn but at any point during anyone's turn. However, this minor decision and many like it (I.E. starting in a ""cold war"" instead of peace with newly met factions) add quite a lot of depth and decision making to a genre that normally severely lacks, in both departments, even though it thrives on each. This is ESPECIALLY true in multiplayer. While the AI is quite good on higher difficulties, nothing beats the chess standoffs that can occur in the functional (surprise! Multiplayer in a 4X game that works!) and fun 8 player galaxy spanning matches.Don't even get me started on the sound design. The music is top notch and I recommend any fan of ambient yet groovin jams to actually purchase the OST for this game. Music aside even, the little boops and blips as you navigate through the menus are satisfying and even gratifying, I personally dig the ""you completed a research"" jingle.Every game has it's faults, though.The space battles, however, lack in the sound department. The guns and lasers and explosions just don't have that ""oomf"" you'd expect. It's strange when pressing an ""ok"" button makes a more satisfying sound than having your fleet blow up a moon sized battlecruiser with space lasers.The combat, also, I feel lacks a bit. Everything is automated with battle cards being selected. Where some counter others and have certain effects on your ships. While you can design your own ships in terms of the modules that they contain, the ships don't end up all being too dissimilar from eachother. This does work within the formula of the game, and I'm sure the inclusion of multiplayer might have something to do with it, but I would have preferred a turn based tactical battlescape ala Master of Orion 2.The Disharmony expansion is also a must. Not because the new race is particularly cool, (Neat concept, very difficult to play as.) but because there are many minor tweaks that have been performed throughout the game, from UI changes to ship design and tech tree additions. It somehow makes the game even MORE polished.Speaking of polish, I don't think I'd encountered a single bug in my play time with this game. It's almost eerie.So yeah. Buy this game if you like 4X games. If you don't, I honestly don't see this changing your mind. It's like a really good hamburger. Yes that hamburger is delicious, but if you're a vegetarian it's not going to appeal to you. 8.6/10Don't let the Cravers eat you!"
,Recommended,208140,7751218,"Posted: 25 November, 2013",all,ＩＡ,"It's Civ 5, with G&K in Space.It's really good."
,Recommended,208140,26981160,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,[MG] Alterity,"A great 4x space game - it can be simple or complicated depending on how you want to play. If you get deep into the ship building and combat systems, you can make a formidable navy that can challenge stronger factions. The AI is pretty smart and diplomacy is typically sensible (although some options like trading systems don't work well). The best part is that each of the races is rather unique - each has a unique playstyle and custom factions can make them even more unique.Games can last anywhere from a few hours to tens of hours depending on size of galaxy/speed/number of enemies."
,Recommended,208140,13429026,"Posted: 18 December, 2014",all,Sinnaj63,"Endless Space is a 4X game set in space, or, more accurately, in a galaxy you and other factions share. It's a great 4X strategy game, but it is kinda really difficult to get into. If you do manage to get the hang of it though, it's definetly worth it, even though the AI can be frustrating at times.Also, the Soundtrack is really damn good."
76561198002400750,Recommended,208140,29437846,Posted: 22 January,all,Rum Ham,"It's a great mid level strategy game with a unique take on space combat. The visuals are good, but suffer from bad camera angles during combat.My main con is I don't like how the tech tree branches, but that's a personal thing."
76561198025384308,Recommended,208140,22877934,"Posted: 9 May, 2016",all,thaelmann,"A gem, polished with countless free content updates, expansions, special day heroes and whatnot. Buy, if at all able, and message me for a game. :)P.S.: Endless Space 2 is coming out too sometime in the future."
,Recommended,208140,9629213,"Posted: 25 March, 2014",all,The Galaxywalker,Endless Space and Sins of a Solar Empire are the best sci fi strategy games ever. It is like a civilization in space and a bit of AOE. I love it. At the beginning it is a bit difficult. You have to make the tutorial like 4 times but after that it is just great.
76561198001113502,Not Recommended,208140,20270442,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,Osu,"A decent enough game at first, this 4X game really only has 3X's. The X it lacks, is eXtermination. Technology research, colony management, exploration, and spaceship design are all comparable to other space 4X games. You don't really know what is missing until you start fighting with the other races. There is absolutely no way to win consistently in space combat because battles are basically just a comparison of fleet size and strength with some modifiers thrown in based on the results of a pre-combat game of paper, rock, scissors. Forget all the other 4X games out there where you can command individual units and beat the enemy fleet with strategy and tactics. You pretty much just pick 3 tactics from a list and then passively watch the battle happen.The computer is an amazing empire manager, so even on normal difficulty, you will find yourself at a distinct disadvantage in terms of technology and military strength when you encounter the enemy races. Once the galaxy gets divided up, wars are slow, boring, and repetitious processes of attrition. The end result is a game where any way the human player can gain an advantage by using their brain has been removed."
76561198076511201,Recommended,208140,31185790,Posted: 16 April,all,dongjuan,Got it for $1. If it's on sale for $1 get it. It's $1. Everyone can afford that. If it sucks after spending $1 then don't play it. It's fun. Did I mention you can get it for $1?
,Recommended,208140,25992779,"Posted: 11 October, 2016",all,Sinooko,"I really enjoy this game, but I have one complaint. I have no way of knowing exactly how powerful my enemy's military is until it's too late. I would love some kind of feedback that I'm 50 ships behind."
,Recommended,208140,26025673,"Posted: 14 October, 2016",all,VolkmasterBlood,"I've only played this game for a short amount of time for a 4X game.  And I can thoroughly say I enjoy it.  I played without the tutorial awhile ago, and it seemed complex and difficult.  It was honestly overwhelming.  I unistalled it.  But after hearing from gamer friends how awesome it is and how much better it is than Civ 5, I had to try it again.I played with the tutorial this time.  I hate reading long texts on how to play a game because I usually forget most of it.  But I found the tutorial truly enlightening.  It wasn't complex and it actually revealed a game that has a lot of autonomy linked to it.  You build your own units, you decide which way to take the game, and the victory options aren't limited to the usual 4 options of victory.  The ""civilizations"" are also diverse and interesting.  If you know the game well enough, you can even make your own.If you are a beginner, I suggest starting with the Pilgrims or the Vaulter civilization.  Starting with newbie difficulty might be slightly boring, but it really shows you how your games can work, and if you make mistakes, you will know and be able to recover from them easily.  For example, I tried to start an invasion of a planet without invasion units.  I thought I could simply do so over ships with overpowered weapons.  Not so.  I learned from my mistake and carried on.  I paid the price for it, but it wasn't game breaking.  It is my personal opinion that when starting a new game with entirely new mechanics that you should be given the option to fail without letting it destroy your game.  It was effective in Guitar Hero, Braid, and a diverse amount of other games.  Of course, the option should eventually be taken away.Overall, I found Endless Space to be an entertaining game.  I could not reccommend this game enough."
76561198024411736,Recommended,208140,29990435,Posted: 17 February,all,robert135,"My first impressions of this game were mixed, but only later did I realize, that the game was good, and I was the one with the issue. Now I would just say this is a good game. Endless space is a 4x game where you explore the galaxy, and build an empire. The game actually does a great job of simulating something that countless science fiction writers have worked on for years. It presents the concept of a vast galaxy where your galactic empire is just that an empire. In an empire, your decisions as emperor determine whether your race succeeds or is wiped off the face of the galaxy. You may lose a battle, sacrifice a fleet, or even give away a planet, but in the end you are working for the welfare of your people and with practice you will prevail.The game is hard, so start in the very easy modes at first. After you have a clear understanding of the game, each playthrough will be something unique and a place to experiment with. The game gives you the option of creating a custom faction to play with your own selection of skills and starting parameters. This allows you to really role play the content of this series well.Honestly the most epic part of the game for me is when the player begins to transform worlds form barren dead worlds and eventually transform them into terran, or ocean paradises, for your citizens benefit. Nothing fixes their attitude more than turning a dead world into Eden.I found myself chaffing a bit with some of the win conditions in the game, only to realize, you can chose which win conditions are active and which are not. In my case, I do not like having a final turn timer mechanic. I want a clear victory through expansion, domination, science, or diplomacy... though these are not all the win conditions available, I am able to select just these for my playthroughs and it makes all the difference, and at times if I want to just watch a galactic empire expland... I will play a last  standing game.Take  the game slow, and take your time, and this game will give you countless unique runthroughs to enjoy."
76561198009470929,Recommended,208140,31929054,Posted: 23 May,all,Bovi,"I'm new with this game ... I've only played for a little over 8 hours, since downloading it, today.  However, I'm an ""old hand"" at 4x games, and I know a good one, when I see it.  ES is a good one.So far, I like the graphics, the music, and the gameplay.  I got three of the ""X's"", down pat.  I haven't met any of my opponents, yet, so ""Xtermination"" will have to wait, a little bit.  However, I've been developing military technology at about the same rate as exploration tech, so I think I will be ready (unless the game cheats, and my destroyers meet dreadnoughts ... I've seen that happen before, too).Accordingly, at this point, my poor wife will have to become a 4x widow.  She's used to it, though ...So, I recommend this game.  Note that my computer is capable of handling games requiring much better hardware than ES, but I'm enjoying this title thoroughly.  My character in Skyrim:SE will have to wait for me to come back, for at least a week, or so ..."
,Recommended,208140,31290114,Posted: 21 April,all,Spooksenhower,"Bought it for one dollar on a sale. One dollar. Keep that in mind as I'm writing this reviewEndless space is a gigantic strategy game where, instead of controlling soldiers, jets, or one man spaceships, every single unit in the game is a massive space armada. Colonize, protect, and destroy your way through the galaxy. Sure, the learning curve's higher than a brick wall but who the hell's going to complain when it'sonedollarThe next time it's on sale, which happens a lot, buy it. If you're into strategy games where your goal is to kill everyone who's a different color than you pick it up.There's probably a racist joke to be made there but I can't think of one right now."
76561198011882010,Recommended,208140,13368665,"Posted: 14 December, 2014",all,Concaco,"I don't see a reason not to recommend this game. It's simple, it's easy to get into and mainly provides a power fantasy kind of experience. If you're looking for a Master of Orion's depth, you won't find it here. It's a good thing and a bad thing at the same time. It's a fun 4X lite, it's really a neat looking and seeing your empire expand is just worth your time. To a certain moment. Where you realise that no matter what race do you play and what kind of victory condition(s) you choose, you play the same all the time every time.It might look it's diverse and complex, but it is not. Despite of trials to give an every race its own characteristic it all boils down to few starting conditions and quickly don't matter. They're just +% this -% that. No matter which race do you play, you will research the same science trees. It doesn't matter if you're bravely expanding communism into space as a mighty Soviet Space Republic or vegetating as concious crystals. Everyone needs the same bonuses and supermarkets! Of course there are few exceptions in the research, but again they boil down into +/-%. You could count Harmony out, which doesn't use dust at all, but it really doesn't feel or plays much different than any other race. After 100 or so turns you will hate menaging your systems building the same upgrades over and over again. You will hate stubborn AI with dozens of 1 ship fleets attacking you and taking your time to click in an unnecessary combat window.The combat is severely lacking. Ship building boils down to 3 types of weaponry, 3 additional modules (infrantry and aircraft) and some % bonuses. Yeah, sure, visualisations of battles are really nice and fun to watch sometimes, but the rock/paper/scissors card mechanic just sucks and is too RNG based.The AI doesn't help. Of course I played only to a high difficulty, but the AI acts the same all the time. One empire will expand immensely, the rest will vegetate in few systems. Every empire will build a♥♥♥♥♥♥tons of same ships often with 1 and only weapon type you will counter. And AI won't react to your ship designs, producing dozens of fleets with no protection againts your most used weaponry.Empire management is better and really fun - as said above - but it grows old very fast due its simplicity. Again - it boils down to unifying all your planets to your race's habitat as soon as it's possible for the best population and production % bonueses. It's is entertaining until you research necessary technologies to transform your planets and mine/acquire a ♥♥♥♥♥on of strategic minerals and goods. From some point - it's just zerging your enemy turn after turn, not caring about anything - pirates are no threat after 20 or so turns.Diplomacy is non existant and - again - boils down to war/peace and trade agreements/alliance. There is no espionage at all, there are no specific race behaviour (only amoeba doesn't seem to declare war at all).The game drops in efficiency after 100 or so turns making it to play annoying. The lag after your mouse clicks is sometimes 5 seconds long.It's not bad, but it's not great either. I will surely come back to it after a while."
76561198016125976,Recommended,208140,31876687,Posted: 20 May,all,=(eGO)= MB,"I like this game very much. I was tired of all the new crappy games so i tried endless space for a $1. Awesome game. A little hard to learn, But way worth it. 2 thumbs up. I like a good challange."
76561198058666058,Recommended,208140,31582580,Posted: 6 May,all,WitchPuddin,"I've been playing this since the Alpha, and it's such a great game. The developers were very responsive and overall this is a very enjoyable stratey game."
,Recommended,208140,7890128,"Posted: 2 December, 2013",all,Konargus,"The best turn-based Sci-fi 4X strategy.- Races: Very good design. Every race is a different playstyle. It's not just icons or ships, but the feeling that you are leading different ""people"" to victory.- Battles: Encouraging, epic, breathtaking. I can sit for hours watching the battles like a good sci-fi movie.- Economy: Solid. You actually need to plan everything to be victorious. Not just spambuilding. And adapt to enemies decisions. Use blockades to weaken your foes economics and restrict their movements.- Music: Very good.  The music wonderfully fits the sci-fi theme.- HUD: Simple, clean, intuitive.- Exploration is rewarding.- Learning curve: Advanced. You need to spend some time to understand the mechanics.------Just one more turn."
,Recommended,208140,15867203,"Posted: 17 May, 2015",all,akm.scout,"not too complex or too simpleRealistic and shows a lot of cool theoretical possibilities that could happen during space exploration such as a planet with a shattered crust allowing minerals to be extracted faster but making transportation on that planet difficult. A more positive effect could be a planet that has rings on it, making it an amazing tourist destination and also brings possibilities as a resource for science.Taking over everyone does take a while, In the real world this is realistic (unless your opponent is France, hahahhaha, sorry I am unoriginal). This also encourages people to try and reach the other victories. Of course taking over everybody is still a viable option for you warmongers.There are lots of events that require moderately tough decisions, sometimes without the consequences not being known.There are lots of risk/reward situations that you can get stuck into, such as researching only missile based weapons to have an incredible advantage in combat, unless of course your opponent has a lot of anti-missile tech.I know ""graphics aren't everything"" but they are pretty nice in the game when you are looking at ships and planets."
,Recommended,208140,23384058,"Posted: 4 June, 2016",all,Seperallis,"TL;DR, a solid 4X with a couple unique & nifty features; lacks complexity, but it's at least not mind-numbingly easy. A solid intro to the genre on easier difficulties, and nice for veterans on hard+, definitely worth the price of admission for any fan of the genre...and at least worth a look if you're not, if you can snag it on discount.With three games played and considering a fourth, something about it has me hooked, so I guess that's recommendation enough. This game is feature complete and isn't a platform for 4+ years of continuous overpriced DLC, so there's that too, I guess.This game is the definition of what I think when I hear ""Civilization in space,"" and is just about the same as Civ in how much of a repetitive slog to inevitable victory it is despite its shipbuilding & combat systems, and SUPERBLY crafted factions each with unique art/units/style, backstory, and game mechanics; I fell in love rather quickly. Sadly, as time went on and the veneer of starry-eyed wonder wore off, I discovered that the game ultimately lacks depth, as you end up rushing the same buildings & tech, and falling in line with the same battle strategies regardless of enemy or faction.The Pros?+ The Factions. As stated above, it's clear a lot of time was spent to make them all different, with detailed artwork & backstories, unique models for all faction ship classes, and game mechanics. I'm not just talking superficial changes in how they play, either: unique improvements, tech (and a mixup of where certain tech is in the tree), different specializations on your different ship classes, and a specific set of game rules - not just modifiers, but actual mechanics - endemic to each race that attempt to steer you into a particular playstyle with that race.I mean, this alone makes me start up new games with factions I haven't played.+ The shipbuilding, the real meat that sets Endless Space apart from many 4X games. The ability to personalize every part of your ships' systems and loadouts really adds a personal touch to your empire, and made me feel (rightly or wrongly) that any combat failures were my fault, that any overwhelming/surprising successes were my doing, and not some dickery of the game. There is no inevitability of overwhelming enemy numbers: as the supposed ""weakest"" empire in my first game, my 9 little gunboats held the border against the entire enemy armada from the empire with more than double my score, simply by hardcountering its build.+ The aesthetics. The music definitely fits the whole ""intergalactic space empire vying for supremacy"" thing, and the map, artwork, ship models and planet models are all still a glory to behold, even after all these hours. It's pretty, I guess.The Cons?- You can - and eventually will - be dicked over by the galaxy generator. That's just the nature of the beast, sadly. A crafty player can overcome a bad start position, at least, but if you're looking for a quick game, you'r ebetter off just surrendering and restarting. The AI has deep difficulty in overcoming bad starts; I'm talking entire galaxy arm with less than half of their planets colonized by turn 120 (on normal speed).- Every faction plays the same. ""But what about those different mechanics you talked about?"" Yeah, forget it. Notice how I said the different faction traits ""attempt"" to steer you into certain play styles. Ultimately once you've found your groove and know what works, you'll rush the same techs & improvements every game, regardless of pressure from the game itself to play differently...because there is an optimal way to play, and it just simply works best regardless of the faction.- Combat is dull; you'll want to just autoresolve about 95% of it when you learn what you're doing. Sure, you can pick formations (which determine what your enemy shoots at) and strategies (which determine what you shoot at), and you can select from certain tactics cards to give an edge in a nearly ""rock-paper-scissors"" fashion...but ultimately, ""manual"" fleet control proves useless in a game where combat is just two fleets colliding into each other with no maneuvering, and really only has a use in changing your attack strategy to ""guillotine"" or ""nosebreaker"" when things unexpectedly go♥♥♥♥♥♥up and you try to get as much damage done before inevitable defeat. Even battle tactics become trivial after the early game, as you unlock ones that are just objectively useful in all situations.- The tutorial is objectively♥♥♥♥♥♥ It's pages of text overlaying screencaps of the game, talking you don't understand when you first boot the game. It's 2 hours of reading for an info/text dump that'll just leave you vaguely confused; you're better off finding a friendly FAQ/guide online somewhere...or do as I did, and stumble around in your first game learning as you go.- The shipbuilding. It is vital, a necessity to know what you're doing with ship loadouts in order to survive, & WILL be the cause of you losing your first games. Also, hard-countering your friends is fun. Being hard-countered yourself is not fun, and will will be the cause of much raging and quitting when your entire armada is slaughtered by 9 piddly gunboats.Yeah...I think that's about it. Probably forgot something, but that's what I remember off the top of my head."
,Not Recommended,208140,15549209,"Posted: 25 April, 2015",all,Solus Grimwelder,"After 30 hours (3 games) worth of Endless Space I feel like I've exhausted its options. Maybe that isn't so but after a first runthrough learning the systems I was able to beat the game on easy on my next attempt in about 250 turns. Moving up to normal added little challenge. The game simply ended more quickly because the AI forced my hand earlier on. Strategy games thrive in that thin line between being too simplistic to have lasting appeal and being too complex to learn in the first place. Sadly, Endless Space is both difficult to learn and easy to master. It's the exact opposite of what a game of this sort should be.That said I still had a lot of fun with Endless Space. I liked the addition of hero units to space based TBS Game. It's something common in fantasy titles but not something I had experienced in this specific type of strategy game. The combat to me was pointless. I found a handful of cards that worked and just used them in almost every battle. The AI didn't adapt to this strategy and I found myself easily winning every battle without having to fight it manually.The main issue with the pacing of the game is that once you reach the point where you are close to victory you are so insanely powerful that there is little tension. In my first match on the normal difficulty level I built 4 of the 5 wonders needed to win the game and left the fifth one with a couple turns left to build and enough money to finish it instantly if I needed a quick victory. Meanwhile I also researched every single item on the tech tree but the science victory. I made numerous diplomatic agreements for no reason, getting my score very close to 100, and built up a massive army capable of destroying all of my opponents with ease. Eventually an opposing team got too close for comfort to reaching an economic victory, forcing me to finish my final wonder. But the point is that at the very late point in the game I was at, any victory method would have been viable. I was toying with my opponents. This is something I would expect to be able to do after a hundred or more hours of practice or on an easy difficulty setting. But it seems to me that unlike the best turn based strategy games, focusing on one area (say scientific research) does not have to hinder your abilities in other areas. That takes away from the strategy of the game.So while I enjoyed my three matches of Endless Space, I felt by the end that I had nothing more left to see. I could play as one of the more unique races. I could up the difficulty and see if I could beat a cheating AI, but neither of those prospects excite me greatly. I still play Galactic Civilizations 2 over half a decade after it was released. And in my mind it inarguably remains the greatest sci-fi 4x game on the market."
,Recommended,208140,20024585,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,tieio,"Once you get past the steep learning curve and reaaly adjust to what this game is all about, it is probably one of the best 4x space games I have ever encountered."
76561198266248645,Not Recommended,208140,23702316,"Posted: 22 June, 2016",all,amne,"Having spent ~30 Euros on this game, I really tried to like it. After almost 60 hours I still don't.In principle this game has everything, a huge technology tree, complex gamplay, fighting, diplomacy, etc. Still, I didn't enjoy the game. Half of the time I was micro managing annoying things (enemies clearly losing fights and fleeing all the time but then ""overpowering me"" in the next system because I moved my fleets to chase them down), refitting ships and reoptimizing planets. Also the diplomacy was pretty much limited everyone declaring war on me all the time because - well I can only assume I was too powerful because I grew too fast."
,Recommended,208140,31071988,Posted: 10 April,all,Eastman51,"Fun for you and friends, unique mechanics allow for some sweet gameplay. Has some issues with Windows 10 and certain driver versions. Endless Space 2 is out right now, probably should get that instead since it expanded on this game and has some even cooler mechanics"
,Recommended,208140,22737242,"Posted: 30 April, 2016",all,umad41,"This game is fantastic. Fantastic Soundtrack, amazing graphics, deep strategy. It is one of the first games I bought on Steam and I loved it."
76561198061058221,Recommended,208140,33091166,Posted: 1 July,all,write.rob,"As a veteran player of 4x games (I was there for Master of Orion and Master of Orion II), I have been hard pressed to duplicate my enjoyable experiences from the past with current 4x space game releases.  Of course it would be hard to surpass MoO, being the inventor of the genre, much like LotR invented the fantasy genre.  So if we reign in our expectations, not looking for someone to redefine a genre, then what's left is more akin to a balancing act of blending core elements in such a way as to re-create a foundation of something famliar, yet with fresh creativity.So ES tries to be creative and original; I like that, using the Endless theme.  Familiar elements are there, and resources are streamlined, so I don't need to mine and stockpile them (been there, done that!), I just need to colonize a planetary source to enable supply for more advanced construction optioins that requrie that resource; nice.  My only complaint with UI is the build queue -- no click box to order perpetual contruction, you have to continually add items you want built.Research is a bit clunky, with no real way to identify a research path for what you want to achieve, other than manually scanning the screen and mousing over everything to see what everything does.  Very time consuming!  Why not have every constructable icon item in the build queue section, with everything greyed out until researched, but in the meantime, you can mouse over the icons to find out what they do, and what you need to research to get it.I like designing my own ships, and ES allows me to do that.  However, the combat system is overly simplified, and feels somewhat restrictive and contrived.  The three weapon types (kinetic, energy and explosive missiles) make for a rock, paper scissors kind of strategy (each has its own defensive component) where no one design can dominate, although missiles seem more dangerous than kinetic due to range being a distinct advantage.  Often times you destroy the enemy only to be blown up as his missiles find you at the end of the current combat phase.  It even seems that kinetic ""bullets"" travel faster to their target (think mini gun) than beam weapons which seem to take forever.  How does something made of light travel slower than a bullet?  They have created a system of mechanics to play a game of strategy, rather than allowing a strategy to evolve around natural laws of physics.  This for me is considerably off-putting, and detracts from my enjoyment of the game.  It is after all called SCIENCE fiction.I love the space battle cut scenes where as the player I have only a minor ability to influence the battle (choosing the composition of the fleet and picking strategy cards).  I oversee an empire, I don't need to involve myself with directing each and every space battle too.  It is after all, a strategy game, not a space combat simulator.  Graphically, very satisfying.And lastly, the creative narrative or storyline within which the game is played.  ES has fallen short here IMHO; the factions are mostly uninteresting and uninspired.  I don't want to play an amoeba race, nor a mad billionare race of clones, or two mechanical races.  Why do we need two mechanical races???  And how do the emperor's ""bodyguard"" called the Sheradyn become an entire race unto themselves?  I can see them breaking with the Empire and going off to form an independent group of their own, but one that is governed by unique principles and human motivation.  To simply say they are a race of mercenaries is just lazy.  This is where a lack of creativity makes the setting seem so shallow and uninspired for me.Overall, for a five year old initial offering, I am willing to give a thumbs up, simply because the core basics are there.  I have not played ES2, but am looking forward to seeing what improvements have been made.  Picked it up on sale,  so for $5, it was worth a look.  I like my sci-fi done seriously, and ES tries to tackle the genre with a maturity and seriousness that encourages hope for future releases."
76561198106955701,Recommended,208140,9045645,"Posted: 10 February, 2014",all,Marcussette,"Long do 4x space TBS fans await for a true worthy successor of Master of Orion I & 2, and like few decent iterations that spawned over the last 15 years, Endless Space can be .....  ' close to Orion, but not quite '...For an indie production value however, this game shows remarkable efforts put to the overall artistic eye candy, for probably the best looking game of the genre at its release. Micromanagement exhibits several similarities with MoO and various clones, decent throughout but space combat remains shallow despite what the developers wanted to bring with their card system ( long/medium/short range ). Ship design could have been more flexible, few customisable options buried within an unintuitive user interface. Though the AI performs surprisingly well at a strategic level, signs of coding flaws at some tactical level like invasion or ship upgrades offset ( a bit ) an otherwise challenging game even for experienced players. It may be intentional or not, yet the game has a plethora of hidden features and buried formulae that even a ' galactic pedia' from AAA games couldn't cover entirely.Pros: artistic direction; galactic settings; strategic planning; rightly paced micromanagemnt; some specific factions coerce the player to rethink whole new strategy and ways to expand ( namely Harmony, Cravers ); soothing audio track.Mixed bag: AI ( like the vast majority of strategy games anyway ).Cons: generic combat system; user interface ( many fonts too small also ); ship design needs more work; too many ways to win FOR the few ones that really matter for both AI and player; lack of some value to colonizing & terraforming ( untapped potential here ).Bottom line: recommended to hardcore fans of the genre."
76561197962822175,Recommended,208140,17820442,"Posted: 31 August, 2015",all,Indie Shibe,"Awesome space 4X game with some interesting new ideas to the 4X genre. If you played Endless Legend, you'll find many things (especially the interface) very familiar. If you can, buy the Gold edition with the Disharmony DLC!Pros:+ Beautiful graphics; every planet and every anomaly has its own awesome visual. And space fights look gorgeous as well+ very clean interface, you normally find all information you need directly on screen or they are at max 1 click away+ very different species with different playstyles; not only will you have technologies that only you can research but also faction traits that require different playstyles. A war driven species won't bloom with diplomacy only. You can create a fraction with your own selection of boni and mali by yourself (though always using the ship design of an existing faction)+ planets and systems that basically become available over time; At first you can only populate very basic and life friendly planet types (like Terran, Ocean, Jungle). Through research you are able to populate lava planets, gas giants or even asteroids. But you always have to keep  in mind the happiness of the population. Just putting ppl on a lava planet because it will give you a lot of production won't work because your happiness will go down and decrease productivity. So you need buildings to compensate that or be lucky to have some anomaly or luxury resource that produces happiness in that system.+ the battle system; while some ppl hate it, I think it is a nice new idea over the old Civ like ""Strenght X vs. Strength Y, so both Units get A and B damage""; first you have to design your ships with modules you have researched (no visual editing though). Each ship can carry a certain tonnage but may have a bonus regarding certain modules. While a bit overwhelming at the beginning it is quite easy (and fast) to do later while you can put of lot of time crunching numbers in it, if you really want. There are no things like firing arcs just basically how much of each weapon (3 types), defenses (for each of the 3 types) and other modules do you want on your ship. Your normal battle ship will have about 2/3 weapons and 1/3 defenses so nothing to worry about if you don't like designing ships. But it is a very tacital element of the game because you can hard counter enemies who focus e.g. on rockets by just using flaks (defense against rockets) and use the rest of the tonnage for weapons. After that you have to put your ships into fleets (each battle is 1 fleet vs. one other fleet) which have limited size but can be increased with technology. The battles themselves are divided into 3 phases: Long Range (rockets will do most damage), mid range (beam weapons are most effective) and close range (fire the ballistic weapons!). During each of these phases both players can use a certain tactic with various boni (e.g. +20% on beam damage or defense). Each tactic can be countered by an other tactic (nullifying its effect) of the enemy which gives the battles another nice tactical layer. While some ppl complain that this is pure luck, I think that it is just the reality of war tactics. Also if your enemy uses e.g. mainly rockets you may have an idea of the tactics he will use. And that also does not mean that a small army can completely annihilate a huge army just by using a ""lucky"" tactic.+ technology tree; there are basically 4 of them roughly focusing on warfare, diplomacy, expansion and science. While you normally do research in all of them (as the technologies get more expensive later on you will naturally research the cheap technologies in the other 3 trees before researching an expensive one in your favorite tree), it will give you an interesting way of focusing your empire on a certain thing. Your enemy may have a blooming economy but if you can get more advanced weapons faster than him, you will get a nice advantage in warfare.Cons:- lack of late game buildings;  sometimes I have the feeling there is barely anything to build on your main systems in the late game except for more ships (or convert production into money or science) as there is not much to build. Many buildings focus on giving you more food on planets that normally produce barely any food and thus allowing for a faster growth but normally most of your systems are maxed out on population by then anyway (but there are exceptions!). In games like Civ, that normally happens more in the mid game where you are doing a lot of war anyway and you always have new wonders to race for.- no allied victory; while you can do alliances with your friends, there is always only one winner at the end of the game. Of course you can just stop playing when you annihilate all other enemies but that does not feel the same. And for e.g. the science victory you can't work together- ship design may be a bit confusing at the beginning; but there are plenty of wikis/forums/videos to help with that."
76561198326224345,Recommended,208140,31959882,Posted: 25 May,all,Inter Arma Enim Silent Leges,"After 5 hours of continuous gameplay on newbie level, and having researched light speed, jumpgate technologies and safely traversing black holes; I was suddenly unable to explore the galaxy further then the AI jumped out of nowhere and declared war on me. I was unable, nor did it make clear why I was unable to offer a trade to stave off warfare, so the AI delared war to the death.  The AI fleets where light years ahead of me and I stood no chance.  I valiantly defended my galaxies for a further 90 minutes before realising that I was simply prolonging the inevitible.  The balancing on this game STRONGLY favours the AI and this has sadly, killed what appeared a promising game.  It would have been nice for the game to offer a ""sandbox area"" so as to learn the game better before entering into battle.I will give it another chance to prove me wrong over the weekend and I will further update this review accordingly; However, sadly it does look like I've wasted £14.99.  I will out of respect for the developers, recommend this game as it may simply be that I've misread some of the near endless lines of text provided so one can attempt to play this promising game."
76561198095317298,Recommended,208140,8283498,"Posted: 25 December, 2013",all,⎛⎝TW⎠⎞Neko—sariellin,It's really good. Just play it. You will like it! ^^/
,Recommended,208140,9288781,"Posted: 27 February, 2014",all,VPSnake,"Have you ever enjoyed playing Civilization or Master of Orion or Galactic Civilization series? Are you affected by ""last turn"" disease? If yes it's good game for your collection and game experience. But even if you're new in turn-based strategies world this game'll also be good as it looks very friendly."
76561198040150009,Not Recommended,208140,19566657,"Posted: 8 December, 2015",all,rynoth,"Game Features:Single Player CampaignNOImmense Tech TreeYESRace Strengths/WeaknessesYESDecent TutorialNOReal-time CombatNODiplomacy at startNOCustomizable fleetsYESThe majority of the game plays like a double edged sword. Immense and intricate but then hampers or limits the player in one way or another. For instance not only can't you negotiate at the start of the game, every diplomatic action must be researched in your tech tree before hand. Want to form an alliance? Research first. Open trade routes? Research first. It gets obnoxious when it comes time for trading resources.Say you want to trade X number of your anti-mater for X number of their space peaches.First you have research the ability to recognize anti-mater as a resource and then research the ability to trade it.The same issue happens when it comes to fleet customization. The ability to build your own warships and customize their load out was one of the things that drew me to this game. Cause let's be honest, that's ♥♥♥♥ing cool.You select your chassis and the type of armarments you want. Make a ship that's all offense, all defense, or somewhere in between.The problem comes first with the lack of real-time combat. It's honestly the biggest dissapointment.But you get the option to watch cinematic of the destruction and imagine what it would be like to actually play.Because there's no real-time combat like the Total War series, you can't tell your fleet to target the weakest, strongest, or ship with the lowest current HP. You can't flank, you can't really do much of anything. This could have been solved with more attack formations, but we only get 3.Combat in Endless space is a card game. It begins like this,Select your defensive formation:How your fleet is formed...remember pure defense in front, pure attack in back because the ships in front are targeted first.Select your attack formation:Every ship attacks another ship, 1/3 your fleet engages 1/3 of theirs, all ships focus fire a single ship.Select your special cards.Bascially you pick cards that have special effects like increased accuracy, increased damage, etc.These card effects can be blocked or enhanced based on what the enemy chooses for their 3 cards. I can't stress how depressing this is.Both Medieval 2 Total War and Crusader Kings have strategic positions. Like a portion of land that gives bonuses to attackers or defenders. In  Endless Space the card game option is purely luck based. There is no way of knowing what card your opponent (AI or human) will pick so it's a pure crap shoot.Knetics are hilariously overpowered giving you no reason to use missles or beams which only further limits your strategic options.The faling of Endless Space is the fact that the entire foundation of the game is waiting for upgrades. You can't do anything in this game without researching it before hand. Even something as basic as diplomacy with other factions."
,Recommended,208140,31789860,Posted: 16 May,all,Linny,"This is a RTS, turn-based game of awesome-ness! From the creators of Endless Legends, who were inspired by CIV (which I never really appreciated until now).Summary:PROS:- Turn solution is awesome, (but be wary of AFK'ers on their turn)- UI is very simple yet very effective- Gameplay mecanics are great- Artistic style is AMAZING!- The soundtrack is beyond awe inspiring!- AI CAN be quite challenging (Hisso AI are jeeeeerks!!)- Galaxies are beautiful (there are many different types to choose)- Nice combat system (Manual or Auto)- Single/Multi-player mode- Custom Factions- Random events that challeges players- Every 10-turn Auto Saves (you will love those)- Cloud storageMINOR Cons:- Can get a bit laggy due to some graphics, or with a LOT of things going on (*cough* Multi-player *cough*)What it doesn't have (yet?)- Alliance victoryP.S. Pirates don't do crap for the game! But if you wanna fight them, go for it (you've been warned!)"
,Recommended,208140,28102584,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,Lane,"Things to Research:Creating Artificial Atmospheres, Utilizing Perpetual Motion Machines, Harnessing Dark Matter for Manufacturing, Black Hole Mining, Quantum Processing, Inorganic Biology, Negative Mass Mechanics, etc.Making Colonies:Earth-like planets, all metal planets, gas planets, hollow planets, lava planets, also settle on asteroids.Factions to try:Humans, not-humans, robots, religious robots, half human-half robot, mysterious crystal beings, parasetic race of insectoid robots, and Ameabos!Review:The descriptions for the various research alone is enough to keep you occupied for a while... the science-fiction in this game is well thought out, perhaps most of it can even be refered to as speculative science. Since this game takes place in a thousand years (as of this review) the game lends itself credibility by applying current theories and ideas into it's gameplay.If your interested in quantum and theoretical physics, this game has that... if finding out more about exotic biology and ecological systems is fascinating- this game has a whole tech tree dedicated to just that. If researching various ways on exterminating entire armies and fleets peaks your interest, this game has many flavors of science and technology just for that purpose. And of course there's an entire section of diplomacy and trade that you can explore if you prefer to take the non-barbaric route of your empire.Combat is simple, so is creating units... it also wont take 2 hours for a conflct to resolve (infact it usually ends within a handful of turns). Expanding is also really easy, being able to do something is really easy in this game, the difficulty comes from the fact that other players can do a lot just as easily... what it comes down to is who can make smarter decisions.This game is not for everyone... 9/10"
,Recommended,208140,22326784,"Posted: 9 April, 2016",all,Jupiter,"It's currently in promotion, and i highly recommend you the Amplitude games, they are pearls within Steam, don't miss them. (Endless Legend, Endless Space, Dungeon of the Endless)"
76561198054858513,Recommended,208140,31192417,Posted: 16 April,all,Ravioli Boyardie,"Probably my absolutely favorite game of all time, and if you look at my library there's quite a few that I have some large hours on. It's kind of like Civ 5 in freaking space. There's 4 tech trees that you can follow seperately, to attain different victories. The lore is absolutely amazing and extremely interesting, and the battles are infinitely more interesting than civ's. It's a little old, sure, but for it's price it's definitely worth it. Honestly, buying it on sale was one of the best decisions I've made in a long time.One of the bad parts about it was, there's a bug where on multiplayer, on the end of the turn it will freeze up and then you're screwed. There's a temp fix by having a few players leave the game and then it will unfreeze, but I think I've figured out the problem.If you click on the game in steam, click properties, then local files, and verify integrity of game cache. You should be missing two files, which I think just happens when you download it. After that you should be good because I haven't had any problems since.Besides that, absolutely worth it. Please look into it if you're into strategy games. I admit, it's a little confusing, but there's a lot of good tutorials on youtube(it's very hard to just jump into) so I highly suggest you check those out.Enjoy!"
,Recommended,208140,8319037,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,Mcgarnagle,"Gee Whiz what a lovely game, my friends. If you in the market for a good old dandy time then pick up this game and have a blast. Get it? Blast? Because you blast off into space.:3"
,Recommended,208140,2805690,"Posted: 16 July, 2012",all,Bill Nye the Bounty Guy,"TL;DR:If you like 4X games this is a easy pickup. It offers a ton of replayability with custom races and in depth ship design. Combat is shallow and the planetary invasion mechanic is a bit much to handle at first. After a playthrough or two you can easily get the hang of all of it. I would highly recomend it.Pre-face:Before this game I thought 4X was dead, I thought we would never see something quite match the joy I felt when I played Galatic Civiliazations II.Interesting Tidbits:The guys down at Amplitude are not just making a game, the community is also in on it. They have a system called Games2gether where the community votes on features, additions, rebalancing, and even where to go next in the game. The community even got to add its own race, the ""Atomatons"". It's not just Amplitude's game, it's our game.Pros:(+++) Extensive customization(+++) Perfectly realized aesthetic(+++) Constant updates, fixes, and free addons(++) Clean UI and visuals(++) Ability to influence Amplitude's future endeavors(++) Interesting lore and backstory to every aspect(++) Lots of bang for your buck(+) Cheaper then other many other 4X titles(+?) Every one takes their turn at the same timeCons:(---) Multiplayer bugs that cause desynchronization on occasion (on their list of problems they are working on)(---) Performance problems and potential memory leaks(---) AI still having weird quirks and issues. Cheats on higher difficulties(+?).(--) Combat boils down to rock, paper, scissors and offers minimal depth(--) Custom races played to their strengths can demolish any of the pre-existing races(--) Elements of the UI are some times never explained(-) Updates have all but stopped as Amplitude moves towards Endless Legend and DungeonConclusion:This game is truely one of my all time favorite and made me a fan of Amplitude. They handled the community of the game the way all companies should. It's a example of how powerful a player base truely can be, and will continue to be. If you are on the fence about picking this game up, do it, you can thank me later."
,Recommended,208140,10650647,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,Klord68,"Still a good game, i dont play as much as i use too, but i still load it up and play now and then, Dont see much in Major changes but dont see what they can change to make it better :D without changing whole systems. as it stands its a really good game for a 4 x game.Lends to Multiplayer really well also."
,Recommended,208140,8890767,"Posted: 28 January, 2014",all,Enjey,"Great game, you won't be dissapointed."
,Recommended,208140,31174619,Posted: 16 April,all,Merek,"I'm not much of a fan of this game. I'm excited for the second one, but this one is pretty boring for me. But that's probably because i'm impatient and hate spending more than a few hours trying to accomplish something.I do however, recommend this title to those who want to spend a long time building an empire and squashing your enemies like the verman they are (chances are it's a very rewarding feeling, but I couldn't stand waiting that long).I don't however recommend getting this for regular price. It's on sale (as i'm writing this) for a dollar and will be so for the next 31 hours. Hurry up and grab a copy or wait until the Steam Summer or Winter Sale.My Rating: 7/10 (Recommended on Sale)"
76561198025011143,Recommended,208140,24764417,"Posted: 7 August, 2016",all,synthetic,"Endless Space is a complex, and beautiful 4X strategy game that draws natural comparisons to games like Sins of a Solar Empire (Endless Legend, possibly Civ). If you don't like having to spend possibly hundreds of hours exploring tech trees, managing morale, supply lines, and configuring ship outfits this game isn't for you.My one gripe (with most 4X games for that matter) is that the pace is often (intentionally) slow. Even after learning the mechanics; skirmishes against AI will take multiple hours. This is fine if you plan on casually playing a game over the course of days/weeks/months (which I'm told many people do), but in many cases the larger strategy (i.e. any of the 'X's) will largely overwhelm the rest of the game, to the point that most tactical aspects will feel mechanical, which leads to a lot of largely unfulfilling early games (which will burn 10-50 hours).If you appreciate the zen of turn-based strategy, you'll love this--and for the money, playing this game is effectively identical to Endless Legend (which I believe is currently more expensive)."
76561198030665293,Recommended,208140,24697903,"Posted: 3 August, 2016",all,Scuzzlebutt,"Quite good space 4X with, as you'd expect, a steep learning curve. A few too many elements are random for my tastes (heroes stats and attributes, wonder placement, number of easily colonizable planets in home system, etc), but overall it's a solid game."
,Recommended,208140,31596421,Posted: 6 May,all,Lo 'Nyan Cat' Wang,"Space battle in this game is ****ing incredible.Just buy it, everybody deserves a good game."
76561198075020802,Recommended,208140,15771339,"Posted: 10 May, 2015",all,Ulixes K,"I am a huge fan of turn-based strategy games and science fiction, so games that blend the two are a dream for me. Endless Space is no exception. Using mechanics reminiscent of the Civ series of games, anyone familiar with such should be able to pick up the game easily and anyone not familiar with such will be able to get a feel for it quickly. The game's pace is solid, and in my experience the AI is able to present a challenge if you so desire. The best aspect of the game, in my opinion, is the customization. The ability to create your own factions, using in game factions as a template and then manipulating perks and flaws, is outstanding; I'd say it's virtually a guarantee that you'll be able to make something that fits your playstyle. The in-game system for putting together your own starships is also solid, giving an interesting tactical diversity for the game's fleet-based combat system. All in all this is an excellent purchase, well worth the cost."
76561198048120944,Not Recommended,208140,15458421,"Posted: 19 April, 2015",all,VerdeSquid,"I want to like this game. So much so that I often come back to try it out. But mostly I feel I wasted my money buying this game even when i got it on sale. I had hoped that the expanision pack would solve some things but honestly, with this I might as well go play Civ 5. At least there i don't get randomly rushed by infinate fleets of pirates and enemies before I can even research destroyers."
,Recommended,208140,31122676,Posted: 13 April,all,Sleelan,"A game worth 10 bucks. For 1, you'd be crazy not t."
76561198067653056,Recommended,208140,12710565,"Posted: 31 October, 2014",all,muhqsampyla,"This is actually a pretty good game. Endless Space is a Real Time Turn Based Science Fiction Strategy. Yeah, something like that. Basically turns happen simultaneously and next turn begins when everyone clicks ""end turn"". You have quite a lot of races to choose from, and if you don't like them you can create your own races from the other races' set parameters.The first thing that hit me is that the lore of the Endless universe is absolutely stunning and well thought out. They have many mainstream sci-fi cliches but also very creative and sometimes funny technology tree. The first time you play this game you would think that it has a storyline due to the immersion and random events etc. The scope of the game, within some couple hundred games, is huge: you evolve from a species habiting one single fluffy terran/jungle/ocean/arid planet in a faraway galaxy into a galactic superpower with the ability to colonize gas giants and tear down space-time. What I really like is that they have actually managed to keep the game interesting even into the late game. For example, your population can be hard to manage, at least in the start (you can't expand too quickly or they will get very unhappy), but they won't get pushy and won't drag you to too many details. One way they have done this is that battles are pretty straight forward and there's really no strategy there, except good scouting and finding out how your adversary is equipped so you can counter him/her in the rock-paper-scissors battle mechanic. Hero is a must in a battle, and heroes can really boost your stuff, also when assigned as planet governors.On higher difficulties and versus multiple enemies a lot of things are luck based. You can simply end up in a bad spot with a cheating AI with no way out. Also the fact that moving of ships & battles is somewhat weird, it actually happens in real time, and is not turn based is a pretty stupid mechanic especially vs AI. Sometimes you would want to move ships between fleets before combat but you can't because the other player forces you to enter combat. I suppose the point here is to cut waiting times in multi player so that turns can happen simultaneously. I have not played MP so I can't say anything about that, although I would ""guess"" that the game's balancing probably favors single player.In single player you can easily beat all opponents on easier difficulties, but the game gives you lots of options for handicapping yourself. Too bad that AI is mostly quite stupid, and like many other games, higher difficulties only give bonuses for AI and handicaps for the player or make the AI cheat but I guess that's the only way to make challenging AI's in strategy games... One real point of discontent is the planet menu, it is really hard to organize when you have a lot of things queued, and there is no ""bring to top of queue""-button. This is really frustrating if you want to manage things yourself. You can always automate buildings though, but it's not very feasible if you are playing vs 8 AI's in endless difficulty and need to be pretty precise about things. In the trading system the AI is pretty smart though, and is really difficult to cheat.Ok, so I wouldn't pay 20€ for this game, but definetely recommend it especially if you get it on sale. If you are looking for the ultimate competitive strategy experience, then I don't think that this game is it. However, it can be quite fun to play. I also have Dungeon of the Endless and recommend that as well."
,Recommended,208140,9002139,"Posted: 6 February, 2014",all,Ares,"+ PROS:> Nice clean tech web> Clean UI> ""Heroes"" who control industries and fleets ( kinda like generals in Civ V )> Customizable Units> Immersive music> Nice background story (lore)> Customzation of your faction- CONS:> Combat is card based...> The AI can do some stupid things sometimes...> The AI can be brutal sometimes...."
,Recommended,208140,13314400,"Posted: 11 December, 2014",all,Wereboar,"Endless Space is a Strategy/Empire Simulation. It has a lot of similarities to Master of Orion or other Space Empire Sims. Often the question arises if this is a worthy heir to an old name, in this game you can say - it is. It's even better than the original series in some aspects. The 4x genre has many stars, one of them is here.  Now for a more in depth look.Graphics/Artworks: They are fitting and atmospheric to this game, of course there is room for improvement but the game is in many aspects an eyecandy. The artworks of the different races are also a good atmospheric stimulus to what to expect during the run with your choosen race. Of course, at times this games sometimes looks like a MoO 3 clone at times, and this was giving me sometimes a hard time.Music/Soundeffects: Ok, we are decades now out of the beep, beep, beep sound of Convox and I am very happy about that. This game has a thick, atmospheric background sound. The sound effects fit to the game and don't disturb the flow of the game. Sometimes this game has a meditative stance.Playability: The game is for 4X quite easy to learn, yet hard to master, even in a small galaxy with only few other competition the game can quite easily overwhelm you, if you don't build your strengths to the right degree. Balancing the different aspects of research, industry, resources and budget can get you into a good deep mess at times. And it is for each of the races quite different, yes, in this game it can be challenging to choose from the different races. You can sometimes ponder a long time over a decission on your turn - and still not be sure if you choice was dictated by wisdom or foolishness.Genre and Developement Issues: The game is, like some of it's predecessors a turn based strategy and exploration game, exploration though, as in this type of game typical is only superficial, you can't enter the planets surface and look for strange alien artifacts, strange alien lifeforms and so on ... therefore the so often typed 4X is kind of a stereotype. If you loved Master of Orion, Pax Imperia, Ascencion or other games of that type that come in your mind, you might be on a good way with this game - it offers endless hours of fun, has a great replayability value and a very customizable universe. The mix of races is good, you can choose between very different stances of gameplay, just by the the choice of race. There were and there are still some bugs in the game, they are minor and mostly don't disturb the gameplay - some of them are only cosmetic issues.Value: At 30 € this game might seem expensive, but - it has a lot of hours with great and wonderful gameplay to offer. The price ""might"" seem steep, but it is still worth the money - especially for fans of this genre.I can recomend this game. It's a must if you loved the MoO series or you are a Science Fiction fan."
76561197990595825,Recommended,208140,19869345,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,1lln3ss,"Very well made turn based space game, with well thought and diversified races and winning conditions.This is the kind of game that you will come back to for years to come.  You should buy it."
,Recommended,208140,19593055,"Posted: 9 December, 2015",all,Barbatakis,"""Endless Space"" is a very interesting and fun game. It's almost like nothing you've ever played before. OK, sometimes, it might remind you of the ""Civilization"" series, but, a little more detailed and complicated. Of course, I do like its concept  myself, so I'm totally into it.The graphics are beautiful. The player can pick any kind of galaxy out there and a faction with balanced pros and cons and achieve different types of victories. Scientific, economic, military...Another amazing thing is the game's music. I'll say no more about it, just take a look at YouTube by yourself.I'll add that the game has a mythology of itself, which makes it unique and not some simple TBS with nothing much to offer.One last thing that amazes me, is the research behind the game. It seems like the developers trully gave their best so as not to fall in the waters of pseudoscience. Thus, the technologies are actual (present day) ideas and  theories, somewhat futuristic and simplified but real! So, the player will find teleportation, wormholes, black holes, Casimir effect, quantum entaglement and stuff like this that can make a Science student go mad!There are only two things that bother me:  (a) The Tutorial. It's not messy but it's a lot of information at once, without giving the player the chance to practice it,  a bit. Someone might get overwhelmed but you get used to the game pretty quick. It could be better, though.  (b) The Battles. They don't occur the ""usual"" (whatever that means) way, but it's all about advancing technologically, picking Heroes as Admirals, having a few ships and most importantly (!) picking the right cards. I've never played anything like this before and I know that the developers don't have unlimited money, time and mood to create a game *that* much detailed, without disappointing the consumers, but, in general, yes, battles could be a little more *alive* and a little more simple!Nvertheless, I do recommend it! It will be an unforgetable experience!Have fun!"
,Recommended,208140,20425770,"Posted: 9 January, 2016",all,Horus,"Good game, nice music, the battles are well rendered, but I found it somewhat underwhelming, personally. I feel that:- The events lack ""punch"". Important things happen, but there's just a pop-up with some text.- The heroes lack personality.- The factions and races, while they do each have their interesting peculiarities and quirks, don't have these elements transpire much in the game play.Overall a nice entry in the space strategy universe, but I feel like it should have more content. I guess that's what Endless Space 2 will provide.Still a good game though, and if you are into this genre, this is definitely a title you won't want to miss.7/10 from me."
,Recommended,208140,33512207,Posted: 13 July,all,CaramK,"Initially confusing, once you master the games systems, victory in this game becomes very satisfying.The graphics are fun, but slightly dated, in spite of a lack of variation in ship models.Though the variety of playable races and the many in-game events keep the game mostly fresh. The focus on macro-, rather than micro-management makes for a fun exploration and eventually conquest by whatever means. The gameplay does get a bit repetitive after a few playthroughs, though.Recommended for the playthroughs that precede that point, preferably at a large discount."
76561198007259529,Recommended,208140,27547300,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,harichimo,"You can spend an endless amount of time on this game.  It has that quality where you just think to yourself, ""One more turn...""  then suddenly you realize it is 2 a.m."
76561198006300816,Recommended,208140,28211422,"Posted: 5 December, 2016",all,christian,"This game has space-battles, tech-trees and spaceship building. You move fleets of ships between dots in a galaxy. It's very well made. Did I mention the space-battles? The only thing, it is a 4X game. It has exploration and annihalation in it. The gameplay feels fresh."
76561198089550026,Recommended,208140,31752091,Posted: 14 May,all,h1ghwaym8n,"My biggest current complaint is that if you join an online game started by a russian player random things on my side are russian too. I can't understand what something is supposed to be when it's in russian, not helpful. Other then that it's an awesome game."
,Recommended,208140,26042061,"Posted: 14 October, 2016",all,TheMerkyShadow,Very good game. I probaly mean this when i say best Space Game ever.Many factions to play. I prefer the sophons very cool ship designs and they are extremely scientific.Only issue i have. Is during late game. Ships become so powerful they cant be destroyed.Lol hours of automated attacking and just stalemating. Anyways good game recommended for all friends.
76561198168045697,Recommended,208140,29491549,Posted: 25 January,all,Banana Republic,"Great 4X space game. Gives loads of flexibility from the get-go - you can build your own faction if you want. Nice random events, especially when exploring & colonising systems, although, honestly, these could be improved. Best bits for me have to be the star system approval, as it means you can't expand forever at break-neck speed and it forces you to develop as you go along, and (my absolute favourite!) ship customization - you can build small ships which have as much combat capability as whole pirate fleet, or you can build huge ones to annihilate entire fleets single-handedly with either loads of weapons or fighters and bombers (or both!). If you have a bad day at work, there's nothing like building an invasion/genocide fleet to bring an entire region of the galaxy under the sway of your realm ... erm, I mean into your peaceloving brotherhood of the stars (yes, that'll do). It's really up to you! Enjoy!"
,Recommended,208140,21204220,"Posted: 14 February, 2016",all,madchaz,"Beautiful, with deep gameplay and well designed tech trees. The combat animations are awesome to look at, yet skipable when you don't want to watch them. AI thinking time is not ridiculously long like in other games I won't mention.Even after 4 years, still better looking and more polished then more modern releases. Hours of fun to be had, don't miss out."
,Recommended,208140,8058980,"Posted: 15 December, 2013",all,[IFN] Tipp [TMOD],"*I dont write many reviews, so this one may not be the most professional*I personally love strategy games and this is no exception to the long line of games that I would play over and over again.It is very polished and has sort of a civilization feel to it, because games can last for days or hours, and that is only half the fun.The atmosphere of the game changes even time you play because you can customize your own faction and no two universes are ever the same making for some intense fights for dominiation. Even though I haven't played the multiplayer much, for the time I have played it, it has been very fun and addicting. And did I mention the space battles are totally epic? When you dual with other factions, and their ships, you watch the battles in a movie-like fashion as they pound away at each other, and hopefully blow up in the end for a huge display of light and shrapnel. So if you decide to get this game I hope you have a lot of time on your hands because conquering the universe isn't something that happens overnight."
,Not Recommended,208140,9405200,"Posted: 9 March, 2014",all,Ogden,"I want to love this game, but I cant because of one MAJOR bug I have been experiencing.  Aside from managing the resources on your planets, your Space Ship Fleets are your funtime to defend/attack/ and expand your empire.  But I have found a lot ot the time my Fleet gets stuck, I cannot move it, and in reading the forums, I am not alone.  This is no little bug, it totally ruins the game.  Sadly, I am done with it."
,Recommended,208140,10217741,"Posted: 24 May, 2014",all,LaughingOrca,"I finally decided to buy this game. And I don't regret any minute I have spent in it, since.It's a beautiful game and you can see that the Devs really did care about it.Every Description in the Tech Tree offers a great understanding of what you are actually researching there and I also love the small details, that when you reduce the anomaly of a planet, in this case Meteor Strikes, that it actually names the scientist who had the idea to fight back against this force of nature.Or  when something bad happens in your Galaxy, you are able to blame it on Scientist XYZ. It's just beautiful. Furthermore the humor in some texts, or the way the AI replies to your offers, it's just great.Not to mention this is the only 4X Games which's Soundtrack I can actually stand.Furthermore, this game has a lot of details, that show how your Population reacts to certain things, and everything is understandable, and you know why they are feeling so.And last but not least, FREE DLC. There is only one DLC that costs you something. Disharmony, which is a great DLC which offers a different perspective of the game. But the rest? You get in Updates. New Factions, new Gameplay Mechanics. For nothing.All the factions you can play, are quite unique. (From generic humans, to giant amoebas to robots, who want to terraform every planet in the Galaxy, you have everything) And each of them plays differently. For example you can go full-war with humans, as they are a war nation, but with a scientific faction, your ships are slightly worse than the ones of the humans, so you rather go the diplomatic way.But of course, this game has some downsides.For example the System of how battles work. Two fleets meet, and when you start the battle, you have to chose Tactic Cards on what your fleets should do, like a Rock-Paper-Stone IN SPACE. But yeah, it's really weird, and it's more luck than anything else, especially if you go against another player.Also, what I disliked about the Population System is that it doesn't matter if you are at war or not, that even after 300 lost battles no voice of protetst is  to hear. (This is more of a personal opinion than anything else, but eh.) So you could have an eternal war and your people simply don't care. I hope they add this little immersive feature in a later update.Overall:A great 4X Game, maybe the best out to date!I can just recommend it! It's tons and tons of fun!"
76561197971341065,Recommended,208140,14023536,"Posted: 16 January, 2015",all,sfnhltb,"This is a very good entry in the sci fi 4X field - you have the standard strategic choices to make of how fast to expand, whether to push economic, technology, military or colonization efforts, choose where to explore and settle, when to go to war, and within the technology trees you have largely the same dilemmas of which areas to develop.For me this is were Endless Space excels - there are no easy answers most of the time, for example when choosing the next technology to work on there always seems to be a number of that you really want, but rarely anything that stands out as much better than the rest, and there isn't much in the way of filler either (only really military technologies that don't fit your play style/game situation, diplomacy related techs in some situations/game setups, and the later happiness techs if you are playing on the easier levels).As in most of these sorts of games getting a tech lead is key, but in doing so you still have to cover the bases and have enough military to deter or hold up the enemy if they attack, and enough production to churn out an actual defense force quickly before your enemies are at the gates, plus to research fast you need to expand your empire to some good locations, and expanding means you need to start dealing with the rising unhappiness of your growing population, which then distracts your technology aims towards happiness related techs, and diverts your tax money into panem et circenses.The ship design system works fine, and gives a lot of flexibility to try out lots of alternatives - you basically have a doubled rock-paper-scissors system of short range quick firing cannons, medium range lasers, and long range but slow missiles, and three matching types of defenses you can put on each ship to reduce or avoid the damage from each type. Plus the customary massive range of other things (repair systems, weapons boosters, troops, anti-population/infrastructure weapons, scouting modules, etc). You can try to specialize (with ""wall"" ships protecting ""glass cannons"" at the back of the fleet, specialist support ships that carrry power modules that increase the rest of the fleets weapon damage, and many other options), or just lots of similar ships maybe not as strong due to being jack of all trades, but meaning damaged fleets can just merge together without missing a key element, etc. And that is even before considering what your scouting of enemy fleets tells you about what weapons systems and defenses they are using and whether you want to adapt your fleets to take advantage of that (and risk being weak against a third party attack, or the next wave of his fleets that have a completely different weapons systems/defense preferences).The battle system is pretty much ""auto calc"" only, although you can watch (and they look fairly cool the first few times through), and you make a few strategic choices (and if you watch you can adapt to the enemies tactics or changing situation slightly). Personally I think it works fine here - it keeps the strategic part of the game flowing, especially in the late game when there are lots more fleets around and turns would otherwise take an eternity while at war (as many half won games of MOO2/MOO3/Ascendancy/etc. got eventually abandoned due to being too close to autocalc everything, but too slow to actually feel like taking the time to grind out the last remnants of the enemy)."
76561198006567700,Recommended,208140,10143880,"Posted: 16 May, 2014",all,thewitchking,"Buy this game.I've already bought it for like 2 or three other people, and I'm tired of more people not playing it.  It's civ in space, but beautiful.  interesting little quirks keep it playable, and the learning curve keeps it challenging hundred of hours in. Buy this ♥♥♥♥ing game."
76561197989054556,Recommended,208140,33076084,Posted: 1 July,all,wards win games,A charming game with enough depth to keep you playing for many many hours.
76561198053620315,Recommended,208140,35092513,Posted: 20 September,all,Dar Kensytus,You can customise your ships and your race. 10/10
,Recommended,208140,18877995,"Posted: 4 November, 2015",all,0+0=0,"One and only con: sync issues (moderate)Pros: Simultaneous turnsBeautiful imageryCreative and balanced custom faction traits (*few* traits are ""necessary,"" sure, but there is a plethora of options to allow for a huge diversity of player made factions)Ship design systemsMultitude of fairly obtainable victory options from science and economic to traditional supremacy and militaryJeez, everything else about the game is great. Can't wait for ES2"
,Recommended,208140,8415752,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,Adamanter,"A very nice surprise. Not only just a gorgeous look but also a very good gameplay. It brought me memories of the old Masters of Orion, the first one, and it could be called perfectly  Masters of Orion IV. I bought it and play it just to get a couple cards but I found myself playing it more than 60h in 4 days. Defenitely a masterpiece."
,Recommended,208140,10064637,"Posted: 9 May, 2014",all,King of Hearts,Spaaaaaaaaaaaace!
,Recommended,208140,34139543,Posted: 9 August,all,Covfefe,"one of the first 4x strategy games i have become absolutely obsessed with, games are amazingly different everytime, with great faction customization, would definently recomend!!"
,Recommended,208140,12216766,"Posted: 24 September, 2014",all,Zaggeta,"Civ 5 in space is the simplest way to describe Endless Space - and even if it was just that, it would still be awesome. If one is to play it, however, they'll realise that Endless Space is a unique 4X unto itself.Pick from a list of unique alien races with amazing artwork and distinctive art styles and then expand your empire accross the stars. Engage with AI or real player civilizations for diplomatic or military dominance or isolate yourself with galactic barricades.There are plenty of different strategies and tactics which makes every game completely unique. A must play for fans of 4X or Science fiction."
76561198055621065,Recommended,208140,12604798,"Posted: 23 October, 2014",all,solarphoenix7,"My favorite 4x game. I love the many different victory conditions and being able to customize a faction. My personal favorite is a diplomatic victory; I have tons of games where I kill a bunch of dudes ands it's nice to have one that lets me win through peaceful methods. I just love being able to explore space, colonize worlds, and terraform them to be productive and happy."
,Recommended,208140,21576653,"Posted: 1 March, 2016",all,Verdantil,"Tags: 4X - Empire ManagementTLDR: Good for when it was released but starting to be outcompeted by the likes of Stellaris and even Endless Space 2.Endless Space is a 4x turn based galactic management strategy game with an extentive tech tree, fairly well polished visuals that still look good on low settings and some minimum amount of bugs or glitches. It wasnt always this way and the dev patched at the game quite a long time. Things you would expect in a game like this are present - wonders - different factions - designing your own ships, diplomacy. AI exists in the dumb and adaptative flavors, I keep it at dumb because I am not that great a strategisgt and I learn something new everytime I play the game but its nice to know the option is there. This game also has some mods for it floating out there and the multiplayer is fairly solid me and my mate enjoyed that quite a bit as well... So if you skipped this when it was early acess and never looked back and this falls on your radar again you might seriously consider it. Be advised however that this game favors the empire management and ship designing over galactic battle which are mostly just cinematic with some very light tactical decisions thrown in"
,Recommended,208140,12285707,"Posted: 28 September, 2014",all,[i]Henx,"An enjoyable game with a very nicely done and expansive tech tree. I do wish that battles were handled in a Total War format instead of the essentially random dice rolls that you do in this game, but otherwise the experience of expanding, growing, and developing your empire in the way you see fit still provids a lot of enjoyment."
76561198086036772,Recommended,208140,13034051,"Posted: 21 November, 2014",all,Waifu for Laifu,"A deep, thorough, and enjoyable 4X with tons of playable races. The management aspects are all well and accounted for, and the graphics have a nice, crisp, clean, sci-fi feel to them. The tutorial, however, is awful beyond imagination.Combat looks cool and ship customization is nice, but they only provide the appearance of depth and control. Expect to grow tired of the monotonous combat sequences."
76561198092092542,Recommended,208140,22551017,"Posted: 21 April, 2016",all,[F]enrir,A Solid entry to 4X Space strategy games with a good Gameplay and Concept yet falls a bit short on how it was implemented Boring Mid to late game but somehow manages to get you hooked
,Recommended,208140,12280889,"Posted: 28 September, 2014",all,Mirthras,This game plays a lot like Gal Civ but in a way that's like reconnecting with an old friend. Familiar but not boring.
,Not Recommended,208140,8393007,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,DerHeld,"""Endless Space"" is no equal to ""Sins of a Solar Empire"". I used to play turn based strategy games such as the Civilization series until I got Sins. With the great reviews of ES I thought I should give it a try. But it's mostly the beautiful graphics what makes it stand out. I found myself waiting a lot for turn progresses. The UI is not really as intuitve as it is suggested by other reviewers. Sins is intuitve. Take a look at it. In ES I need to click a lot more for less progress and action during the time I spend in the game.tltr; Nice try but no match for Sins of a Solar empire."
,Recommended,208140,29335650,Posted: 18 January,all,Zeke. ru,"Best game of this type. *Endless* series are the complete diamond of endless enterpritations of turn-based strategy games. I usually dont write reviews, cuz i dont see point in it, though i saw that recently this game got *mixed* reviews. So i`ve decided to cheer up my beloved developers. Good work, best of luck, dev team."
,Recommended,208140,24287797,"Posted: 12 July, 2016",all,Green Knight,"1. Purchase Endless Space EE during summer sale2. Play first match as Pilgrims3. Get butchered by Hissho4. Start new match as Vaulters5. Butcher the Hissho6. Start new match with custom race; Sophons affinity, Sowers traits, Horatio appearance7. Name new race after myself8. Make the universe great again"
76561198076879972,Recommended,208140,8980870,"Posted: 4 February, 2014",all,Spirit Wolf,"This game requires some time to understand and play. I HIGHLY recommend doing the tutorial they provide, if you are familiar with games such as Empire at War, then you will have an easier time playing. Same concept. You pick one of 10 factions, plus with the Disharmony DLC you can create your own faction. To win a complete game, you must acheive one of the following: Scientific, Diplomatic, Economic, Miltary, or Wonder. it is ideal to choose the Victory type parallel to your faction's focal point. Your ultimate goal is to search for the Fabled Augria, one of the many wonders in the game, once found and colonized you can achieve your Wonder Victory.Onto to the ship building and fleet managing, If you crave for war, go for the advanced hulls. Every RTS has a Unit CAP, this game's cap depends on the research you have invested into economics and military. Ship creation, is completely customizeable. Fleet managing is where its a pain. Over population of ships causes upkeep increase.PAY ATTENTION TO YOUR TAX RATE AND YOUR SYSTEMS HAPPINESS!!!"
,Recommended,208140,14163273,"Posted: 25 January, 2015",all,Vulgrim,"My favorite 4X game.If you're looking for enjoyable singleplayer that will suck you in for hours, this game is a must buy.If you're looking to buy the game for its multiplayer part, move on. The multiplayer has been broken for years without being fixed.I still recommend the game because of the insane singleplayer experience it gives."
76561198045563156,Recommended,208140,9200010,"Posted: 20 February, 2014",all,Lieutenant Commander Data,"This is a good game. don't get me wrong. I enjoy it, play it, even adore it. Unfortunatley, all the good things aside, It Is hard to really get into. You have 1 game mode only: A campaign to colonize the galaxy. and it is the same technologies, the same ships, the same empires every time. This game is worth your money. But don't expect much more."
76561198036720603,Recommended,208140,8056281,"Posted: 15 December, 2013",all,4865696e7a2049732047726561742121,"A very well rounded game with alot of control over construction and overall empire politics. I especially like the ship customisation in the game allowing really in-depth decisions on how to build your fleet.The only real issue I had is with the combat system feeling lacking, all you can do is select which card you want to use and watch the ships just pummel eachother. Which is entertaining but I really like the way Total War games and similar products allow you to command your forces on the field. A similar option here or atleast more control over the course of the battle would be nice.Over all a good game if you want a space, TBS."
76561198026573617,Recommended,208140,3721818,"Posted: 10 January, 2013",all,H0TEL S0AP,"Kinda like Civ 5 in space with fancier and (slightly) more in-depth battles. Be warned though, once you start a game, say goodbye to your friends and family because games take a VERY long time and really just suck you in untill you finish"
76561198012392867,Recommended,208140,2771995,"Posted: 6 June, 2013",all,Floober Doober,"From the rubble of MOO3, comes a spiritual successor to shake the brittle foundations of the 4X world. Little did they know that is was ACUTALLY out of this world! Not only toppling the foundations but sending it at ftl speed into the infinite cosmos. Endless space, infinite fun. (infinity technically not possible, results may vary)"
76561198035133374,Recommended,208140,4289862,"Posted: 23 December, 2012",all,X-FACTOR1012,Endless Space is a turn based strategy game. You can choose from any of the default factions or you can even make your own. In a game you can choose to be a good person and tax your people lightly and make peace with everyone you meet or you can be a bad person and tax your people heavely and conquer everyone you meet and in the process take control of the entire galaxy. You can also edit your ships. You can choose between what class of ship you want it to be and you can edit how much shielding and weapons will be on each ship.
76561198045047865,Recommended,208140,20195446,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,DrunkenBlowfish,"It's fairly easy to grasp for a strategy game, yet easy to get sucked into. Of all the races I would say the Harmony are my favorite to play as. That being said I highly recommend picking up the DLC as well. I like the range of technology, colonization, and cinematic view of combat. If there was anythi9ng I would want to add to the game it would be more variety and freedom, and by that I mean adding more ways to vary fleets and things that facilitate different playing styles."
,Recommended,208140,22268536,"Posted: 6 April, 2016",all,rasputnik,"Really well differentiated races to play - the space battles are a bit mechanical for my liking but you're free to skip the in-battle sequences and play it as a 'space civ' with no downsides.The invasion mechanic is a bit hard to get your head around, but once you read up a little it's implemented well.Seeing what Amplitude have added in Endless Legend I'm really looking forward to Endless Space 2."
,Recommended,208140,26043171,"Posted: 14 October, 2016",all,RayRayRay,"This is my first 4X game, and I can say that I deeply enjoyed it, thanks to to GUI that's easy to understand. It makes me more interested in trying out other kinds of 4X games."
76561198000942621,Recommended,208140,23124705,"Posted: 21 May, 2016",all,BrainVat!!,"Endless Space is a pretty sweet strategy game. The gameplay options for customizing the maps, factions, and play style are plentiful and varied. Despite not having a story or campaign mode, the single player mode offers many hours of play. I really enjoyed the concept of the endless that's presented here. The flavor of the game is very rich. I haven't played multiplayer, so I can't comment on that. The games UI is very plain and simple, but I like it. It makes it easier to find everything and get into the game more. One complaint I have about the game is that the games themselves are slow paced and quite lengthy. Also, in terms of the 'Emperor Edition', I'm not sure of it's value. You get the soundtrack and some points for the developers website (useless in my opinion). They should have included the expansion, but I'm not too concerned, the base game is still terrific. I'll recommend it to 4X strategy fans or sci-fi lovers, and people new to the genre; it's a good start."
76561198151378614,Recommended,208140,22318662,"Posted: 9 April, 2016",all,RyanB006,Quite hard but when you get your head around it it is super fun. 4stars
76561198081490694,Recommended,208140,32448816,Posted: 15 June,all,ste_or_steve,"Wow, my first game of Endless Space sucked away an entire week! At the time of writing I have played over 24 hours...and I achieved that in a single week...while needing to go to work during the days!!If you like sci-fi and Civilisation then this game may well be for you. It has the same 'one more turn' compulsive gameplay of Civ but a little simpler.I purchased this game for the insane price of £1 (sterling) and feel I have already had my money's worth. Having said that, I am not done with this game and will definitely being playing it some more - the main reason I took a break was to get regain control of my life!"
76561197967471651,Recommended,208140,30122911,Posted: 23 February,all,Russell,"Endless Space is a a very satisfying entry in the 4x genre.In generalities of 4x - it's a turn based genre where you explore a grid, find juicy spots to expand your empire, research new technologies that can do all sorts of neat things. And of course there are up to 7 other races/species/civilizations doing the exact same thing and when you come into contact there can be peace, trade, and friendship - or lasers, bombs, and death.What really distinguishes Endless Space from games like Civ is a more dynamic and challenging AI. The AI is aggressive, but rational. You can generally tell almost exactly when an AI is going to declare war on you just using common sense - they spot some sweet weak spots in your territory, they're running out of territory and you border them (and are weak), and so on. And the AI is very challenging, but fair. Some games like civ cheat during the game to keep the AI competitive. So for instance if you're far up on technology the AI will simply start granting itself new technologies for free to keep up. You won't see that in this game. The AI on higher difficulties gets boosts to his rates of production, but otherwise plays by the exact same rules as you. This opens up lots of fun and dynamic possibilities. For instance advanced ships require various sorts of unique materials for production. Cut off an opponent's source of this material and you can bring his military industrial complex to a screeching halt.The big downside of the game is in the combat system. While ship design and fleet organization is a lot of fun and very interesting - combat itself comes down to picking from some relatively uninteresting cards which come down to a frustrating and boring system of roshambo or paper, rock, scissors. Another small issue is a lack of polish. The in game skill tree for the heroes is incorrect and outdated, and there are various little annoying bugs. For instance if you alt-tab in the game, the game will consider alt as being constantly pressed. All you need to do is press alt again to fix this, but the lack of polish here and there really adds up.That said I think this game has already overtaken Civilization and there are many ways it could be greatly improved and expanded upon. I'd strongly recommend this title and I expect to see more great things from this series with Endless Space 2."
76561197987847562,Recommended,208140,18832589,"Posted: 1 November, 2015",all,Dephenistrator,"i am a huge fan of the old 90's game starwars rebellion, and this is the closest i've ever come to such wonderful 4X gameplay. the game is both highly complex and very easy to use. The user interface is brilliant and simple for what it has to do, the gameplay is surprising replayable giving how small the differences between the races seem in the stats window. space combat is great. planet management is great, diplomacy is fair (Never liked any games diplomacy and trade yet as its always weird)The bad is that their is no campaign, but seriously me and my bro have gotten so into the complicated interactions of the different civiliations that it is its own story each time. Also, game length is always long. a good session against easy ai will not finish in a couple hours.Defenitely get the expansion pack, it makes combat smoother and it rebalances alot. you have to relearn the game if you play with the dlc later. worth it!11/10, one of my best purchases on steam!█▀▀ㅤ █ ㅤ █ㅤ █ㅤ █ㅤ▀▀█▀▀ㅤㅤ█ㅤ █ㅤ █▀▀▄▀▀█ㅤ█▀▀█ㅤ █ㅤ █ㅤ ㅤ █ㅤㅤㅤ █ ㅤ █ㅤ █ ㅤ █▀▀▀ㅤ▀ ㅤ▀ㅤ ▀▀▀▀ㅤㅤ ▀ㅤㅤ ㅤ ▀▀▀▀ㅤ █▀▀ㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤ▄▀▀▄ㅤ█▀▀▄ㅤ █▀▀▄ㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤ█▄▄█ㅤ█ ㅤ █ㅤ█ ㅤ █ㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤ█ㅤ █ㅤ█ ㅤ █ㅤ█▄▄▀─────███────██──────████───███────────████──███─────────████─█████████████──██████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████─────█████████████████────────██████████──█───────────█████──────────────████──────────────█────────▄███████▄██───███▄▄──▄▄███──────▄██$█████$██▄██──█▀───▀███────█───▄██$█████████$██▄██──█───█──██───█─█──█$█████████████$███──█──────██─────█──███████████████████──██────██▀█───█─────██████████████─█───██████──▀████───────███████████──────────────────█───────█████████─────────────▀▀████──────███████████────────────────█▀──────██───████▀─▀█────────────────▀█──────█─────▀█▀───█──▄▄▄▄▄▄▄────────██────█───████▀───██─█████████████────▀█──█───███▀──▄▄██─█▀██▀██▀████▀█████▀──█───██████▀─▀█─█────────█▄─────────██───████▀───██─██▄████▄──██────────██───██──▄▄▄██──██▄▄▄▄▄██▀─────────██──█████▀───█─────────███────────███████▄────███────────███████─────█████████████───────▄██████████████████████████████─██████████████████─────────██████████████────────███████████───────█████──────████─────████ㅤ ㅤ ㅤ ㅤ ㅤ ▀▀█▀▀ㅤ█▀▀█ㅤ█ㅤ▄█ㅤ█▀▀ㅤㅤ ㅤㅤ ㅤ ㅤㅤ█ ㅤㅤ█▄▄█ㅤ█▀▀▄ ㅤ█▀▀ㅤ ㅤ ㅤ ㅤ ㅤ ㅤ ▀ㅤ ㅤ▀ㅤ ▀ㅤ▀ㅤㅤ▀ㅤ▀▀▀█▀▄▀█ㅤ█ ㅤ █ㅤ ㅤ█▀▄▀█ ▄▀▀▄ █▀▀▄ █▀▀ █ ㅤ █ㅤ██─▀─█ㅤ█▄▄█ㅤㅤ █─▀─█ █ ㅤ █ █ ㅤ █ █▀▀ █▄▄█ㅤ██ㅤㅤ █ㅤ▄▄▄█ㅤ ㅤ█ㅤㅤ█ ─▀▀ ─ ▀ ㅤ ▀ ▀▀▀ ▄▄▄█ㅤ▄"
76561198053070059,Recommended,208140,25964372,"Posted: 10 October, 2016",all,Keln,"Great 4X game.Doesn't take too long to dive into and has a lot of depth.Good preparation for the second to come, which plays even better (but as for the Alpha, the systems are hard to understand at first)"
76561198115552622,Recommended,208140,30236104,Posted: 28 February,all,lior.gefen.86,"The game is really interesting.You have a pretty large number of faction you can play, each with their own strength and weakness.You can even build your own faction with your own choice of weaknesses and strengths."
,Recommended,208140,34806649,Posted: 7 September,all,MrMiyagi,"This is an excellent game. Period.  It's engrossing, suspenseful and no two games will be the same in terms of decisions and events. Never boring!"
76561198050495401,Recommended,208140,22581171,"Posted: 22 April, 2016",all,OTAK MECIN,"This Game is hardBuy it For challenge,Steep learning curves,One game session might run for Hours (or multiple days on working days)"
,Recommended,208140,33160181,Posted: 2 July,all,ExistentialistWerewolf,"I got it for just a buck, but if you've got an itch for 4X games this will sure scratch it."
76561198082584434,Recommended,208140,21833555,"Posted: 14 March, 2016",all,northernwater,"An excellent game! It is a very detailed game and will require study to understand the many variations and possibilities of play, but the detail is what makes it so fun. I also like the fact that there are multiple avenues to win. It is not just a military game of conquest."
,Recommended,208140,20240806,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,GreyIC,"2016-01-02 - I had this for...years...I'm guessing...before I finally played it.  Great game.  All of the 4x action I loved back in the day with MOO/MOO2.I'm still trying to figure out the space battle commands and the rock-paper-scissors of ship and fleet composition.  There is a nuance there that just doesn't exist in a lot of other 4x space games where you literally throw the largest stack of the latest tech at your enemy.  Instead, in Endless Space, your fleet sizes are limited by command ratings.  So, getting the right mix of missile boats, mid-range energy weapon platforms, and knife-fighting kinetics is a constant juggling act with a definite need to defend your empire in depth."
76561198048527305,Recommended,208140,29517727,Posted: 27 January,all,Tr00he,"A very nice turn-based space strategy game that kept me motivated for a long time. All factions are very interesting and play quite differently and the AI is challenging. The combat system is a little weird and takes time to get used to, but after some time I enjoyed it. Another plus: Endless Space gets diplomacy right, you can be allies with another faction for a long time and it works. Flaws are the quite ugly overview map, not enough info on combat stats (although you design your own ships you sometimes don't know what really matters and there is not enough feedback), strange ship designs, and when you play on a very large map fleet and planet management gets a little chaotic. I also experienced random crashes during online play, which didn't work well. Still a very nice strategy game though, and I am looking forward to part II where I hope that the flaws of part I will be eliminated."
76561198024893178,Recommended,208140,30219245,Posted: 27 February,all,bamdorf,"I am posting a ""recommend"", but with a big caveat, which I will discuss at the end of the review.The plus side is that Endless Space has the elements of  a good 4x, turn based strategy game set in space.   Ships are customizable to large extent, though without any visual customization;  it can be argued that this is only cosmetic, so having no impact on game-play.   Many choices are available for star system development and a few for individual planet development.   Combat is a variation on rock-paper-scissors with both long/medium/short range choices and missile/beam/kinetic weapons - while the combat takes place in four stages with set-up and long/medium/short combat resolutions.   So there is some ""action"" to be pondered during combat.  There are many discoveries to be made while exploring and deciding on where and how fast to expand.   The research ""tree"" - it is actually more of a ""web"" - leaves many choices that make reasearch interesting.    Empire development allows for setting tax rates which impact global and local happiness;   each star system can build either planet specific ""explotations"" or system wide choices.  Heroes are also available and can be leveled up in different ways as either planet admiinistrators or fleet leaders.   In short, there is a lot to play with in this game that is fun and the choices are meaningful.Now for the caveat.   The tutorial, though necessary, barely scrapes the surface of what to do.  It basically just shows a quick run through on the interface.   Further, to get these hints you need to set tutorial mode on and then blunder into a situation where the game deems it necessary to explain a new part of the interface.   You can play a long time before this happens - and of course you will then say, ""wish I knew about that earlier!"".   Oh well.    The biggest caveat I have, however, is the research.    As you try to learn the game you can mouse over various choices to read about what is research item is.   However, although you will then get a name of the research, a list of items unlocked by pursuing it, and a description of the research, these three items very seldom give you ANY idea of what the research does.  The textual explanations are just gobbledegook that explain nothing.  For example, from the start you will want to know what to research to improve happiness.   You will get zero help even after spending a ton of time mousing over choices.   You can try searching for a tech, but I found this to be of little use.  You have to know the name of  a tech that you won't know in order to find it.    Now, you can get help by using google and reading hints by people who have figured things out the hard way.    Still, I found the whole business very frustrating.   And I have to ask how hard it would be to actually make the tech descriptions useful, using words like ""happiness"" or ""kinetic boost"", etc. instead of useless garbage, and allowing searches for such words instead of just titles that you don't know.So in summary if you are willing to put in the effort to overcome this limitation there is a decent 4x space game here. If.-----------------------------As seen in the discussion below, there is considerably more information available on research than I originally indicated by my review.     Simply zooming in on the research screen shows the game effects of each research node.    And I noted that this fact is suggested in the manual if one takes the time to read it carefully.    Thus the ""major caveat"" becomes a ""minor quible"" as the ""flavor text"" is still useless and the reseach titles are still misleading.   Nevertheless the game is far more playable than I suggested.And I am now playing  and having fun with this title.   Mea culpa, and thanks to MTB-Fritz for correcting me."
,Recommended,208140,17292235,"Posted: 29 July, 2015",all,Brutal Lobster,"Build your people, forge alliances and wage wars. Stab your friends in the back too! With all the races having a much different feel the replayability is great along side the amount of thinking that goes behind every choice...in space!"
,Recommended,208140,32825019,Posted: 26 June,all,NutelaCrepe,Best music I have ever heard in a strategy game. Relaxing and keeps you immersed. The Learning curve is not bad. Couple of hours of gameplay and you will feel home. Battle's system need some depth to it. Planets can be auto-managed if you don't want to micro-manage every planet which is a good move from the developers as it might get overwhelming to micro-manage every planet in a big map.I recommend this game. Looking forward to buy Endless Space 2.
,Recommended,208140,33329013,Posted: 6 July,all,CavalryShawn,"First things first: The game is hard. I ended up aborting 4 or 5 times when my neighbors showed up with eons better ships and slughtered my entire civilization. I took some time to read some guides and watch some noobtube videos to get the process down.I'm glad I did! The main game is played in turn based stragtegic view, where you can colonize worlds, improve ones you already have, or build ships for your fleets. It can be a little bit luck of the draw, as you can be hamstrung by systems with tons of wormhole entrances and bad or inhabitable planets, or hit the jackpot with easily defended garden world systems.There are many races and they arent just new skins on the same thing with vague bonus differences like CIV. There are SIGNIFICANT differences in the races that will dramatically alter the way you play. Most likely you will find one that works for you and play it nearly exclusively. (Vaulters FTW!)Battles are beutiful to look at and it's a real pleasure to watch your fleet blow away all comers.Which brings me to a negative: The combat, while pretty, was a little bit of a let down. I was expecting something akin to Sins of a Solar Empire or Homeworld, but this is much closer to Civilization. The combat plays out in front of you, with only slight input from you in a sort of Rock, Paper, Scissors sequence where you go utilize Long Range, Medium Range, and ""Hand to Hand""If you enjoy Civilization, will take the time to overcome the 90 degree abgle learning curve, you'll find a great game here."
76561197961569909,Recommended,208140,22287063,"Posted: 7 April, 2016",all,Ozymandias,A classic: loads of (patient) fun. Solid AI. Complex without being frustrating to learn. Nice graphics too.Only notable drawback is (like a lot of 4X games) the end-game can become dull because you've built up so much strength that knocking down the rest of the dominos is basically just a formality; something to balance the scales a bit more at that point would have been great.
76561198061838524,Recommended,208140,17820215,"Posted: 31 August, 2015",all,Dirtyoldbear,"I enjoy 4X games live Sid Meiers Civ, Superpower 2, Anno series and I think Endless Space is similar to them, with its own unique space premise.My first game was a 1V1 as United Empire against Horatio. I expanded fast and got a supremacy victory. I thought, well shizzle - lets keep playin. The Horatio struck back as my happiness index caught up with me and I was screwed.This taught me that there is a lot more depth to the game that the tutorial doesn't cover. I read 3~4 guides, made a custom race and started pwning on normal difficulty. A typical game would run for 8+ hours.I haven't tried multiplayer yet, I don't like to lose against real people. The novelty of the game is starting to fizzle after 60 hours of game time - but I think I can extend it by using a save editor to build custom maps and go against harder difficulty AI."
76561198040225988,Recommended,208140,26093309,"Posted: 17 October, 2016",all,FN-2187,"If I had to describe this game in one phrase it would be ""difficult to learn, fun to master"". I bought this game about a year ago and after getting absolutely stomped by the AI on easy mode several times, I dropped it to go back to 4X games whose mechanics I understood. However, after playing the absolutely superb Endless Legend from the same developer, I decided to revisit Endless Space. After consulting some online tips and running a few games on very easy mode, I became comfortable with the game's unique resource system and asymmetric factions. Speaking of asymmetric, it really is incredible how differently the playstyles of the game's 12 factions vary. The factions of Endless Space aren't simply separated by buffs to certain resources, but rather by drastic and often game-altering differences in resource mechanics that somehow manage to maintain a semblance of balance against all odds. While this game doesn't have the replayability of a game like Galactic Civilizations 3 or the visual style of its successor Endless Legend, it can offer massive amounts of fun and satisfaction to those willing to learn the ins and outs of its gameplay. I'm currently dominating in normal mode with my custom faction and thinking of moving up to hard difficulty, and I recommend that any fans of strategy games give this one a try."
76561198005063550,Recommended,208140,26100206,"Posted: 18 October, 2016",all,Obi Juan Kenobi,"I love the concept of this game.Graphics:Beautiful and perfect for the genreSound:Soundtrack is awesome. It's relaxing and frames the gameplay perfectly.UI sounds fit the genre well.Gameplay:Fun and engaging. I could definitly see hundreds of hours lost to this game.I love the tech trees and managing the empire.The ship upgrade panel is a bit confusing to me, but I prefer expand, explore and exploit to exterminate, anyway.Stability:Unfortunately, I can't play for more than about 20 minutes without it crashing to a BSOD.I've updated drivers, run diagnostics and it still crashes. This is the only game that I have trouble with so I know it's not my aging, mid-level computer or gpu."
76561198047702480,Recommended,208140,8022510,"Posted: 12 December, 2013",all,Vlad_Shaw,"Amazing. It is a space turn based game. It is similar to civ 5 in being that you build up your nation, colonize, expand, wage war, build machines (space ships), and use diplomacy. I like it a lot, as you can see by the hours spent on it."
,Recommended,208140,13704741,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,SCREAMING COMMUNIST,"TL:DR: A very deep and interesting space game, with a few minor flaws.Endless space puts you in control of a galactic civilization and tells you to go kick♥♥♥♥♥diplomatically, militarily, or scientifically.  Kinda like Civilization, except in space.Players choose a race (or build their own) that has their own sets of strengths and weaknesses to fit their play styles and what kind of victory they want to achieve. Players advance their civs awesomeness by researching a linear tech web with several distinct sections. The tech tree is very large with a lot of different things to get that affect all aspects of gameplay, allowing players to research specific technologies to best complement their civilization.Players fight other civs by building fleets based upon ships of their design. Players fit ships based on a hull design, propulsion, power, weapons and a few unique things like colonists, siege guns, and other stuff. Players then use their fleets to go kick other fleets in the♥♥♥♥♥Combat in this game is resolved auto-magically by the computer based on the opposing fleets ships compositions. I was hoping it was going to be in real time when I bought it based on screenshots, but alas I was decieved. The game does give you a very nice cinematic cut scene of the fleets going at it though, however you can only watch and can't control your ships."
,Recommended,208140,178619,"Posted: 7 April, 2013",all,Bucchus,"A very enjoyable turn-based space 4X with a crispy clear UI and style. Even though it appears to be very microfiddling-heavy, it's surprisingly light to play and even bigger maps don't seem to take dozens of hours to finish, it's rare that I can complete games in this genre. Some have called it dull or spreadsheet-like, I don't agree with that view. The combat side is quite streamlined but it's very functional, if you're looking just for epic fleet battles there are better options. I can't yet say if the AI is actually good or not, but it worked for me. It didn't seem to be a cheating unpredictable bipolar case (Hi Total Wars and Civs!), the factions seemed consistent in their diplomatic views."
,Not Recommended,208140,10890274,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,Pantothenate,"I'm very torn as to whether to give this a positive or negative review. The level of immersion is wonderful. Everything is extremely customizeable. The whole tactic of having to balance your resources within the system--managing happiness and food--makes it a very unique experience (especially when these systems are highly randomized). There are a number of factors that make replayability extremely high, including the wildly diverse tech trees, unique factions, race-specific technologies, advantages, and disadvantages......but my god. The tutorial system.As someone whose job description includes writing how-tos, I can say, with tenured authority, that their tutorial system is absolutely horrible.The 'tutorials' are screens that pop up the first time you play, and give you a screen cap (of a sampel screen) with numbers, and a wall of text on the right. No context, nothing leading you through--it's like getting an instruction manual, whose pages are only accessible while you're playing the game. To put it into context, it's as though you were taught to play Monopoly using a tutorial that didn't tell you that you could buy houses until you've acquired your first set by pure accident.There's no campaign, no tutorial mission, no walk-through, no 'live example'--hell, the damn thing doesn't even tell you how the various win conditions work.Which, with a game as rich and deep as Endless Space, is absolutely appauling.What's worse, the complete lack of interactivity makes the tutorials extremely boring, and the fact that it only pops up to let you read once you've encountered an immediate need for it means that these boring walls of text will pop up as you're finally getting into the action, bringing the whole experience to a grinding halt.If you've got a lot of time and patience to learn all the subtle nuances (mostly on your own, since the tutorials, boring as they might be, are also woefully inadequate in offering context), then you'll likely (eventually) get a hell of a kick out of Endless Space.For everyone who doesn't have that kind of time, and just wants to be able to jump on, colonize some planets, sign a treaty, kill a bug, and shuffle along your merry way, then I cannot warn you vehemently enough about how throughly the tutorial will ruin your gaming experience."
76561198025187413,Not Recommended,208140,11097482,"Posted: 6 July, 2014",all,Altul,"This game is a fairly typical turn-based strategy. The 4-branch tech tree and custom factions and units make it a little different from many I've played.  As many other games in the genre, it's plagued by shoddy diplomacy. You can give the universe to an AI faction and have him crazy happy with you, and then the next turn, without provocation, he declares war on you."
76561198039433849,Recommended,208140,31353614,Posted: 25 April,all,drumsgoon,"Single player review:- great looks- great map with variety of planets, asteroids, materials, wonders, etc.- great tech tree- lacks basic useful ships, that can be modified, the upgrading is kind of annoying as well- lacks a good overview of factions and their victory progress- great micromanaging of planets/systems/empire- pretty good starsystem AI management- music is rather repetitive- the card-battle systems is not that greatIt was a great buy for 1 dollar, but it is not the Ultimate 4X space game"
76561198043570888,Recommended,208140,23255729,"Posted: 28 May, 2016",all,Thenewno2,"Good strategy game with a great art style and great music.  The tech tree is interesting and the variety of victory conditions makes it possible to play in a variety of ways.  The game falters a little in the middle to late part and could do more to keep factions interacting with each other and keep events happening.  The game can also feel a little bit luck based at certain points and has a high learning curve.  That being stated, if you can get over these few issues you will find a strategy game with a lot of depth that forces you to make interesting choices."
76561198062028735,Recommended,208140,17423465,"Posted: 6 August, 2015",all,Harmless,"I've only played for a few days, but from what I played the game is great. Tutorials are helpful and the game is relatively easy to get into. Factions all look interesting with their own perks, and custom factions aren't as complicated as they seemed at first glance. I would definitely recommend to anyone who is a fan of Civ or board games in general."
,Recommended,208140,31234732,Posted: 19 April,all,Mark Dark 20,"I bought this game during the sale when it only cost 1$ including DLC. I have to tell you, if I knew how cool it was, I'd buy it in its normal price. It's an amazing game, cool to play alone or with a friend, and naming solar system after♥♥♥♥♥♥♥euphymisms."
,Recommended,208140,19138908,"Posted: 17 November, 2015",all,jmcone,"Space Truly Is EndlessEndless Spacecreated by the talentedAmplitude Studiosis a game that strategy game fans should have in their library. It involves countless hours of fun, amazing lore, and a soothing soundtrack. It's at one point calm and serene, at another point frantic as haphazard plans are thrown together, and from these haphazard plans rushes a great victory.GameplayEndless Space, as my first 4X Space Strategy game, has not dissapointed. The genre has some very lauded titles, and I'm looking forward to seeing how they stack up against the gameplay of Endless Space, which is almost always consistently engaging. Whether you're colonizing new planets, building improvements or conducting diplomacy, the UI is very well done and easy to see, use and activate. Although there are many systems that are relatively more complex than they initially seem, so some tinkering and experimentation is required. Everything just gels together really nicely, and it's very fun to explore all the different possibilites, Hero skill combinations, research tech paths, military ship creation: there's a lot of content to keep you satisfied. Probably the weakest point of the vanilla game would be the combat, which is essentially a card game with admittedly cool cutscenes.StoryIt's a strategy game, and as such, it doesn't really have a main story. It does have overarching lore and history of the Endless, but other than that there's no story. Nothing wrong with that as it's a 4X strategy title.Graphics, Atmosphere and SoundThe graphics for Endless Space, running smoothly on my computer, are shiny but some of the ship textures really aren't anything to write home about. However, planets, stars and diplomatic figures are all very well done.The atmopshere is very nice, with cool randomized events and diplomatic messages. Very enjoyable to play and experience.The sound is worth listening to by itself, and the soundtrack, I am in infact listening to it right now it's that good. It's very serene and beautiful, and a good calmative after a long day. The main theme is probably my favorite piece.ConclusionIf you haven't been paying attention- do you like strategy games? If so, buy it. Do you like science fiction? If so, buy it. Do you like interesting backstories and creating your own custom factions, with their own custom backgrounds? If so, buy it.Pretty much what I'm saying is a big thumbs up. You will lose yourself in this great strategy game. As the old adage goes... 'Just one more turn!'"
76561198039487354,Recommended,208140,26105621,"Posted: 18 October, 2016",all,ctiger,"This ia a decent, turned based, 4x strategy game for beginner/intermediate level players. If you are an experienced 4x player, skip this and wait for the meatier sequel, which is now in early access."
,Recommended,208140,32953772,Posted: 28 June,all,Involved,"A really underrated game this is.It might not be very spectacular in graphics, but it has increadible depth to it's game mechanics and loreFor a price it goes for atm I strongly recomend anyone playing it!"
76561198031706732,Recommended,208140,9974591,"Posted: 29 April, 2014",all,FerrusPugnum,An ineresting game that is muchharder than it looks.   The pirate angle is a good one and very costly if you ignore them.  Lots to do and learn in the game and I hope Endless Legend which takes place on auriga continues and expands on this game.
76561198008546307,Not Recommended,208140,10839571,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,Upright1,"Serious gameplay flaws prevent this game from being great. Battles are repetitive and boring. Simulating battles to avoid boredom results in heavy losses. A lack of an effective unit cap results in WAAAAAY too many repetitive and boring battles, forcing you to partake in far too much of the worst acpect of this game. We are talking of 50 to 100+ NPC fleets. The tactic is also abundantly used in multiplayer matches. It feels cheap runs counter to superb unit customization, hero abilities, and fleet building mechanics. Unfortunately, cheap usually wins.I hit the 80 hour mark because I love everything about the game but the conclusion. Terraforming is cool, exploration is very cool. Conquest fells like running in the mud wearing swim fins."
,Not Recommended,208140,11229750,"Posted: 14 July, 2014",all,Senor Helmut,"Endless Space is a well put-together game. Its a fun game and very approachable, and the graphics are really nice too. It's not really ""Turn-based"" since the AI moves its pieces during your turn, but it's not something that will break the game entirely. All-in-all, this could be a great game to spend a few hours playing, however...But this game harbors a dark side.No matter what you do, no matter what difficulty you set it to, you just can not win!...ever! I know it sounds crazy, but it is true! A game needs to be able to be won at the easiest difficulty if you are ever going to try the harder ones. Nobody ever said ""Geez, that AI was really hard to beat, but when I quit my day-job and set up a database to help me keep track of every calculation in this game, I finally was rewarded with a victory.""At the easist level, a game needs to be able to be won if the player is ever going to get better, or to be rewarded with a higher difficulty. In a way this reminds me of that person who offered to teach you a game like chess, and instead of going easy the first few times so you could learn they game, they just beat the bejezus out of you. Ever had that experience before? If so, chances are you do not play that game with that person anymore, no matter how good you have gotten since.There is a DLC pack for this game. I do not advise getting it either. The money you spend will be spent in agony."
,Not Recommended,208140,8609641,"Posted: 7 January, 2014",all,adegie,"Simplistic, boring gameplay. Absurd rock-paper-scissor battle mechanics."
,Recommended,208140,12564419,"Posted: 19 October, 2014",all,Loneway4,"Addictive gameplaying, gorgeous art and space layout, this game led me to a whole new degree of 4X gaming experience, I'd recommend this game for every space lover and 4X fans.The combat is over-simplified, but the ship upgrade and battle animation might make up for it."
,Recommended,208140,7413038,"Posted: 18 October, 2013",all,SyLaR_MoZZZg,To infinity... and beyond!
76561198026392567,Recommended,208140,16664344,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,Food Box,"If you enjoy strategy games like Civilization you'll probably like this. It functions more or less the same as Civ V or BE with combat that is more interactive. I also thought the playable factions, backstory, variety of planets, and strange alien wonders make a nice atmospheric game. All in all I'd say this game deserves as much attention as Civ."
76561197999571966,Recommended,208140,15648086,"Posted: 1 May, 2015",all,(Twitch)Theonetruemouse,"At first I wasn't sure what to expect from this game.I saw this game pop up when it first hit steam quite some time ago looking for funding.  I've always been a big fan of 4x games, I grew up playing MOO/MOO2 and dreaming of games that would build on that style.  I even found myself fond of MOO3, glitches/bugs/balance issues and all.  It's been a hard time finding a game that truely captured that style of game and moved forward with it.This game isn't quite what I wanted.The combat in this game is fairly hands off.  You decide 'tactics' in 3 stages, each tactic mildly affecting how your ships perform and in some cases can cancel the effect of the enemies (and vice versa).  While this is intrigueing, it does make for a mildly irritating battle choice.  What ever happened to a nice turn based combat system like in say MOO where you had complete control over each ship, making every single movement count?Ship building isn't half bad, which Galactic Civ does have more options in this department it's combat is far to Civ like for my tastes.  Endless Space does a far better job making your choices feel like they count but there could have been far better ways to implement combat.  That having been said, the game itself looks quite beautiful, reminding me of oldschool capital ship battles like Homeworld.  Nice explosions, lots of bits and peices go floating away, etc.The tech tree is also a bit interesting.  Unlike most other 4x games with a side scrolling tree that can be a pain to locate what you want, Endless Space uses a true 'tree' system, with 4 branches to incorporate 4 different types of techs.  Each of the races has a different tree, and honestly they each feel truely different... no watered down ""Huumies!"" here.While I'm somewhat sad that the combat isn't quite what I'd have hoped to see in this title, the gameplay is still quite impressive.  I've really enjoyed the game thus far, each time I've started a new race it's been a joy to see how the new race feels over the other choices I've made."
,Recommended,208140,31153109,Posted: 15 April,all,Assassin Agent,"I have little game time but FFS, a game for 1€?! Yes please!Endless space is how I would I say it, well... Civ in space. And I like Civs alot so...Totally worth 1€"
76561198082947467,Recommended,208140,31136042,Posted: 14 April,all,AlphaGrisby,"A simple and nice 4X. The graphics have a little aged, but the gameplay still remains ""avant-garde"". There are a lot of ways to win the game (economic power, diplomacy, military power...) and many differents factions - you can create your own faction with your own bonuses, to perfectly match the way you want to play."
76561197970332116,Not Recommended,208140,8427081,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,per.christensen,"Horrendously uninteresting game - poor science mechanics, poor battle concept with 'card' as strategy.Waste of money and time."
76561198009459550,Not Recommended,208140,15458036,"Posted: 19 April, 2015",all,bigsexy1105,Can't recommend this game at this time since I feel the tutorial is very weak. I spent my first game trying to dodge pirates that were 10 times or more stronger than I was and I was on newbie difficulty. I wanted to build some better ships but mysteriously the planets that had the materials I need had pirate ships posted there and never moved. It just seemed to much crap was thrown into my starting system. I'm going to give this game a couple more chances before I choose whether or not to buy it.
76561198007613567,Recommended,208140,12602871,"Posted: 23 October, 2014",all,AUDave,"Awesome 4x strategy game.  It's one of those games where time really gets away from you and you keep thinking ""just one more turn!""The replay ablitly is truely endless with all the different options and factions.Huge thumbs up!"
,Recommended,208140,13873404,"Posted: 6 January, 2015",all,SaranKhorne,Civ is not the only game i can say ''just one more turn''
,Not Recommended,208140,15529857,"Posted: 24 April, 2015",all,Etheras,"Quite possibly the worst 4X ""strategy"" game I've ever played, this game is hampered by a terrible UI, arcane game systems, and game-breaking randoms.1. The terrible UII haven't moved a guy and yet its beeping at me when I try to move him. Never tells you what's wrong. Just PING PING CHING CHIME. Its like WTF?Select guy 1 from planet and move him. Oh I get a second move? Nope, auto-selected guy 2 whom you never clicked and whom you needed to garrison a planet and now he's off someplace else leaving critical planet exposed.Clicking a specific location and WHERE THE HELL ARE THEY GOING?? WTF through enemy territory when its not even the shortest path!!! ARRRGGGHJHH2. Arcane Game SystemsDespite an INCREDIBLY ANNOYING and PERVASIVE tutorial system that constantly interrupts your gameplay, the game systems are totally arcane. For example: nothing tells you what the collapsed wormhole thing is, even when you really need to know, or how to get around it. Nor does it tell you how your 5 destroyers, by far the most advanced in the galaxy, is beaten by 5 corvettes from a far inferior race. Nor does it describe why supposedly-""nice"" races whom you're not at hositities-with, simply waltz in and start invading your worlds. Do they even read their own fiction??? Or... more likely still: there is no differences in the AIs and the ""fiction"" is just a fascade that has no bearing on the races true intentions. WHY HAVE FICTION IF THE GAME DOES NOT FOLLOW IT. You're just being deceptive!3. Game-breaking RandomsWas in a game tonight, and found myself on a dead-end part of the galaxy behind a collapsed wormhole... twiddling my thumbs for something like 40 turns before I could research the technology to get past it, and by then, most of the galaxy was already taken. They should probably have in their galaxy-generation algorithm, some kind of invalid state checker which will prevent the game from generating maps that prevent the player from actually competing in the game.Worse still is the combat system, which... I kid you not... consists of picking 3 ""cards"" for 3 ""phases of combat"", a formation, and a firing doctrine. Now... your cards rock-paper-scissors against the ""cards"" that the enemy selected, and somehow this is what they call strategy. Seriously? Selecting cards, by trying to out-guess an AI (which is probably just randomizing) is the tactics of game combat? I made better combat systems when I was 10. Literally. War of the Worlds board game. Was awesome. Much better than this abortion of intellect. Worse still is that there are blatantly invalid ship configurations that are invalidated by your card selection. I made a fleet of laser-heavy ships, and upon first engagement discovered there are NO laser-based cards in the early game.A good game designer respects their player. You do this with a good UI, short non-invasive (preferably -fun- tutorials) that cover the basics and, if they want you to start the game a certain way (like ""Lasers are better towards the end-game"") will warn their players away from gimped configuratrions... or even-better: make it so all the configurations work if used properly. They don't take the lazy way out and make you use ""Battle cards"" that are actually quite meaningless. And they will check their random generator for broken starting configurations.I hate to say it, because I like indie games, but this one actually FEELS indie. Completely unprofessional."
76561198040457997,Not Recommended,208140,13889704,"Posted: 7 January, 2015",all,Keemossi,"The tech tree is rather neat, colonizing and expanding is entertaining.. overall it's really good. EXCEPT the combat system is obscure, stupid, awful, ♥♥♥♥♥♥, and and makes no sense whatsoever. Which kind of makes the whole game bad, as the game *always* devolves into combat.Oh, and the AI cheats like nothing else."
,Recommended,208140,7808553,"Posted: 28 November, 2013",all,Tsyki,"Very nice, interesting and enthralling game. Could be somewhat hard to understand in the beginning, but as soon as you will learn basic mechanics it will be extremely hard to exit it. I spend almost 10 hours in a row playing one and trying to finish the 2nd match. The only minus in my opinion is the fightinf system, which could be a little bit more diverse."
,Recommended,208140,8774461,"Posted: 19 January, 2014",all,⭐️ V Y R A L 4 1 3 ⭐,I like game. It many good fun. :)))
76561198082076558,Recommended,208140,13192772,"Posted: 1 December, 2014",all,doodlesnickers89,"You know, this might be my favorite ""Endless"" game (though Mass Effect and KOTOR are my favorite Bioware games, EVE Online is my favorite MMO and GOTG is my favorite marvel movie, so I'm sensing a bit of a pattern).Eight hours into a campaign and I got curbstomped in a final last gasp after this particular guy (i'm talking singleplayer, here) had wiped out the rest of the galaxy. It was beautiful, This one will definitely be my favorite 4x this year (assuming Galactic Civilizations 3 doesn't get out of 'alpha' and isn't bett-yeah, definitely a pattern).The system is about what you'd expect from a 4x in space. It doesn't do anything new (except for one bit I'll get into in a moment), but it does most everything right, if that makes sense. The new thing is the way space combat works. `Like Galactic Civilizations, you have a cap for your fleets. When your fleet and another fleet decide to get down to business, you get to pick your tactics between three different ranges (Long, medium and melee). It's a nice system that allows you (typically the underdog) to even the odds with a more powerful opponent, especially if you pick a tactic that directly counters theirs.Not that it's without its problems. I survived so long in that game by making peace with everyone right out of the gate,  which seems to be the only way to survive above ""easy"" because four turns in and it seemed like everyone already had eight fleets, six systems and had enlisted the Krogan to-wrong game, sorry. I also would've liked more expansive maps, which might be a strange complaint if you pick the huge maps, but I only had about seven systems to colonize before I ran into someone else and had to fight it out. As someone who likes to spread out and getting established before declaring war, it was a little disappointing.Also, the AI could be a little...let's call it 'strange'. I wish there was an option to tell somebody to stop asking for all of my resources for free, because the answer was always (and would always be) 'no'. I also had a memorable one where a leader offered me an alliance, and also declared war on me a second later (as in, he did this within the same turn. Didn't even give me a chance to accept the alliance).So while I have some nitpicks here and there, it's a good one to add to the library if you like 4x games, and definitely one to add to the list if you love space."
76561198001784686,Recommended,208140,13503342,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,Beaghan,Better than I expected. It's what I thought Beyond Earth would be more like. Excellent game!
,Recommended,208140,7930440,"Posted: 5 December, 2013",all,Sweet MB,"This game allows you to command an entire empire as you research, bribe and conquer your way to galactic domonation. Couple that with a map editor that is easy to use and a full array of emblems, colours and avatars for you to customise your empire, this game is a brilliant strategy game. If you are a Sci-Fi or RTS fan, I would recommend that you give this game a shot."
,Recommended,208140,13668739,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,scyther,"i found this game to be really good so far, but as for the combat it's ok it would be better if you could do stuff in combat wather then just watching it happen. 8.5/10"
,Recommended,208140,7138451,"Posted: 21 August, 2013",all,Panzersexual,If you like dying at the hands of a man who's hubris is literally larger than the galaxy...Then this is the game for you!
76561198062683837,Recommended,208140,8287035,"Posted: 25 December, 2013",all,Propagate11235,"A deep and motivating venture into strategy and empire management, Endless Space offers up many customization features, a multitude of races, intricate map customization, beautiful graphics (for combat, the rest of the game is menu based, but it does show you what planets look like), calming and serene music, and last but not least, a player driven company that actually listens to what their patrons want. I truly recommend this game if you are into 4x strategy games such as the civilization franchise."
,Recommended,208140,3617193,"Posted: 17 July, 2013",all,astarinel,"Do you like Civ-style games? Do you like space? If yes to both, then the odds are good that you'll like this. Interesting factions and trees, and a lot of potential customization.I don't really enjoy the combat system in this game, but since you can set it to auto-resolve, it becomes a nonissue."
,Recommended,208140,618828,"Posted: 27 April, 2013",all,HellbirdIV,"Civilization IN SPACE. Suffers greatly from ""One... more... turn!""-syndrome. I can't even imagine the hours I lost to this time-devourer from beyond the void.The gameplay is a lot less busy and redundant than Civ in terms of building your empire, and far more streamlined. Diplomacy actually feels worth a damn, sometimes, too - even with the AI. It's always fun to be an interstellar Space ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥, too.Combat takes the form of card-based-pseudo-turn/real-time nonesense that amounts to a rock-paper-scissors game in 3 phases per battle, except it keeps adding cards that utilize different effects, can neutralize others and sometimes counteracts themselves and oh no I've gone cross-eyed.What's important is this: Combat consists of spaceships of increasingly large size and fleet compositions shooting the hell out of eachother with laser guns, full-auto railguns and missile barrages, and it is friggin' cool. Once you wrap your head around the combat system, it also becomes very rewarding!Visually it's quite gorgeous in my opinion with great, interesting and unique designs for each faction - and immense attention to detail, as you might find out! Not only that but all the tiers of weapons, defensive measures and dirty tricks have very distinct appearances which makes the combat glorious to watch.Highly recommended - especially as it comes quite cheap!"
,Recommended,208140,758599,"Posted: 11 July, 2013",all,An Atheist Jew,"Endless Space is a ridiculously fun take on the 4X Space genre. Has the turn-based colony and micromanagement of GalCiv/MoO/etc, and strangely enough, the ship to ship combat resembles Skies of Arcadia closer than any other game I can think of. Players can choose from a whole mess of interesting Alien species, and it has a wonderfully fleshed out ship design mechanic. If you like the 4X genre, you need to own this game."
76561198017127434,Recommended,208140,9038380,"Posted: 9 February, 2014",all,tarklot37,"If you like technology and exploration, this is a good strategy builder."
76561198002517929,Recommended,208140,9106357,"Posted: 14 February, 2014",all,Monthar,Fun game along the lines of MoO2.
76561197982627177,Recommended,208140,940612,"Posted: 30 November, 2012",all,Jumbik,"This is my favourite casual 4x game so far. It's super relaxing and enjoyable. It's still in development, new features are added every month and I keep getting back to it when I want to have a relaxed evening with turn based Galaxy sandbox domination game. Nice one :)"
76561198088790972,Recommended,208140,13649519,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,pandabox121,"This game is very similar to civilization, but the elements are different enough to make it completely it's own.  It's very fun!"
,Recommended,208140,1930402,"Posted: 8 January, 2013",all,Doomkitten!,"Get this game now. Don't wait, don't read the rest of this review (unless you have to), just go and buy this game. It's worth it. Just in my first play-through I can happily say that I am in love with Endless Space.  The planet and system resource management is smooth, simple and doesn't bloat horribly as the game progresses thanks to simple and automatic ""upgrading"" of built facilities. The space combat is fun and interesting, with a system that doesn't always reward the obvious option, helping to promote creative thinking. It has all the options that you will expect in a game of this style, but on top of that it has one important thing that occasionally the ""grand stretegy"" genre misses - it's retained the fun of playing a computer game."
,Recommended,208140,311334,"Posted: 27 June, 2012",all,SoulMan,"Great 4X Turn Based Space empire game, in the line of Master of Orion, Ascendancy, and Galactic Civilization 2.  Currently still beta, but very polished."
,Recommended,208140,3167968,"Posted: 15 June, 2013",all,dvratil,A unique game indeed! Endless hours of fun.
76561197970573862,Recommended,208140,431716,"Posted: 11 July, 2012",all,Zidz,Som civ fast i rymden typ. Bra spel!
76561197970597310,Recommended,208140,434909,"Posted: 18 September, 2012",all,Chaosegg,"Solid space themed divide & conquer, turn-based strategy. Easily in the top 10, if not top 3-5 of it's genre imho.How I would describe this game:*a dozen factions to choose, all quite different and almost completely customized factions can be made as well.*basic custom map generation*Civ's turn-based strategy*'Sins' tech/war themes.*Gal Civ's tech tree*resources = money, research, production*construct things on your planets (buildings or ships)*optional ship customization a bit like Gal Civ, Stardrive or something*Hero/governor/generals which you get to choose how to level up via a nice long, deep skill tree system.Pros:-Everything is ""just enough"" in proportion; the viduals are nice, the management is just enough, there's leveling up, customization of play style, storyline type immersion, and there's a bit of real-time combat in the battles (choice of auto or manual), which keep things interesting.-UI is pretty clean, and the tooltip system for everything is fantastic.-The DLCs and updates have actually been good. They have done balance and bug fixing updates which I thought were well done and reasonably timely considering it's not a huge company, and it's a mostly single player, turn-based game.Cons:-Slightly on the pricy side if you ask me, but inflation and whatever I guess... at least it is less than those big name thieves like Sid Meyers, Total War, and the rest."
76561198043926897,Recommended,208140,4982950,"Posted: 4 January, 2013",all,Auronius,"Для тех у кого есть мозги , и для тех , кто умеет ими работать"
,Recommended,208140,617742,"Posted: 14 July, 2012",all,Sidotsy,"It's basically Civ V in space but with ship building. It's weirdly addicting in that 'one more turn' sense and the developers have an awesome voting system that lets the players decide on what new feature will be added to the game.If you like Civ games and spaceships, pick this up!"
,Recommended,208140,6743664,"Posted: 3 July, 2013",all,It Ain't Me,I dont think i have ever been drugged by aliens more than i have in this game!
,Recommended,208140,771108,"Posted: 24 December, 2012",all,monkeymanfx,"Don't buy this game. There are better turn based 4x games. Galactic Civilizations 1 & 2 are both better. Alpha Centauri is better. Space Empires 4, and 5 (which was worse than 4) is better."
,Recommended,208140,8342239,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,ungoldman,Highly addictive 4X game. Like Civilization in space. A little rough around the edges in terms of the user interface but lots of fun. If you don't build lots of ships and wage lots of war it can get pretty monotonous. The introductory tutorial was so complicated I almost stopped playing but I really got into it after that.
,Recommended,208140,8553215,"Posted: 4 January, 2014",all,victo,"I was waiting for a game like this since Master of Orion II. Its graphics are nice, the game itself is very cool. It has everything you want from a space strategy game. You migh need a few round before you get the hang on the whole picture but belive me, it's not that complicated. Recommended for everyone who like these sort of things.And a huge plus for OSX players. It uses the native full screen solution so you can use your secondary display without issues during gameplay."
,Recommended,208140,8556900,"Posted: 4 January, 2014",all,[TLR] Whesto,"Endless Space, a turn-based 4X (explore, expand, exploit, exterminate) game set in space. It certainly isn't the most adnvaced 4X game you'll play but it is a good one no doubt. If you are looking for a reliable game in this genre and setting this may be for you.Before you start a game you can decide how small or large universe you'd like to play in with various tweaks available, such as number of players and types of planets and shape of the universe. Then you have a set of factions to choose from. Each faction have different pros and cons that you should consider depening on how you want to play.There are several winning conditions and ways to play this game:Economic,Scientific,DiplomaticandMilitary. Different factions are prominent in one or two of these things as well. It is possible to combine these playstyles as you like.No matter which way you chose, you will doResearch.The research tree is rather extensive with 4 branches. Each branch are focusing in certain areas different from the other.Left branch:mainly focuses on economy, trade and diplomacy.Top branch:is mainly for military research.Right branchis mainly for technologic research and resources.Bottom branchis mainly research for expansion, terraforming and colonization.Exploration and colonizationis rather satisfying. You have various types of solar systems with different types of planets as well as asteroid belts. Each can be colonized if you have the right research completed. Once colonized, the planets can be exploited on their resources for your empire. Different planets also have different effects on your colony on said planet.Diplomacy and tradingwith the AI is fairly basic and you will notice that the AI can change their mind  over a deal several times over. It is possible to form alliances, trade resources, systems and research. You can of course declare war! With research you can unlock more options for diplomacy and ways to improve your trade routes.Lets not forgetthe militaryside. You can build and manage armadas of ships of various kinds. What kind of ships is mainly up to you. You can make customizable ship blueprints that are then available for construction. Each ship blueprint has a set of slots that you can choose to put different modules in. Such as weapon types, defense, utility and smaller ships (fighters/bombers). Your main ship has only room for a certain amount of weight that can be put on them (more available with research). The overall look of a ship can't be modified.You can research and build larger battleships and you can assemble armadas to fly as a single unit on the world map. Armada size is limited byCommand Pointsand you can get more points with research for larger armies. In a fight, only one armada can fight at once even if you have several armadas in one system.The actual fightingis pretty uneventful. You don't actively control the fight yourself but there is a small element of tactics involved. A battle has 3 stages:Long Range, Mid Range and Melee Range. Missile weapons are good for long range, Lasers for mid range and Machine Guns for melee range.Before a battle you choose a card for each stage. Cards have an offensive or defensive condition (like extra armor or weapon damage). There is a planning stage before the battle where you make your decisions. Some cards negate other cards based on the type of card that is in play. Your card could be put out of play and the enemy card will get buffed or vice versa.When battle starts there isn't much you can do but watch, which is the main weak point of the game. You can choose firing mode for each stage however.All in allit is an enjoyable Sci-Fi 4X game that can keep you occupied for hours. Try and pick it up during a sale and it will be worth it if you are into these kind of games."
76561197970739209,Recommended,208140,8609341,"Posted: 7 January, 2014",all,Halcyon,"Excellent game all around with a lot to offer for fans of games like Civilization. The strategic gameplay is great, with a smoothly streamlined colony management system and an interesting tech tree. AI is, as always, a crapshoot. 'Diplomatic' factions will wage all out war while all-out war factions will attempt to broker peace treaties, but there are at least benefits to playing the diplomatic game in the form of trade and unique faction traits that give benefits for treaties.That said though, the tactical side is a little wonky, with an over-emphasis on symmetry on paper getting in the way of actual balance. Some features are useless or counter-productive *coughfighterscough*, while others are massively overpowered, and learning which is which is the key to playing well rather than actually gaining skill. The difficulty curve is also stupid, with higher difficulty levels simply ratcheting up the ratios by which the AI is cheating. All levels play with the same AI, harder ones simply have to spend less time and money on ships and upgrades, have a bonus to empire approval, move faster, hit harder, have more health, expand more easily, research faster, get better heroes sooner, and can rush production for less money.My recommendation? Play a game or two against AIs and then find a few friends to play with. The single player game is frustrating once you're better than a novice, as all games are either a cakewalk or an endless parade of superior vessels crushing your holdings. There's a ton of game here to enjoy if you can get past the flaws, so definitely pick it up."
,Recommended,208140,8650668,"Posted: 10 January, 2014",all,XB-7,"The art and interface are superb!  The gameplay is genius.I've played several 4x space games since Master of Orion 2.  Endless Space is the first commercial release that actually hits the mark.  Although I do miss the Antarans and a bit of espionage, the development team has plenty of lattitude for further updates without worrying about breaking the balance."
,Recommended,208140,8948820,"Posted: 2 February, 2014",all,evoelise,"On initial play-through I thought this game was just OK. But the sparse user interface is deceptive I came back for another game and then another & the more I play the more hidden depths I find.One of the nice things about the game is that everything happens for a reason. Even the ""random"" events/encounters usually give you various ways of handling them.The combat system is the games weakest link - but even that is more strategic than it appears at first glace - there's a lot of be gained from tailoring your shop builds to counter certain enemy fleets. Still I do feel the actual ship combat is somewhat lacking.Also the expansions are great & I hope Amplitude continue to produce expansions as each one adds a new dimension to the game."
76561197969454892,Recommended,208140,19849810,"Posted: 22 December, 2015",all,Inignot12,"Civ 5 in spaceeeeeee!!!!!Seriously though, having logged a lot of hours I find this a soothing, less busy version of Civ with interplanetary politics replacing territorial disputes with Gandhi and Kamehameha.Anyone familiar with Civ's resource system and gameplay will pick up this game in 0 seconds flat.My only criticism is that instead of immersing myself in the battles, it is FAR easier to click Auto-resolve.  A la Total War games.  When your empire spans across hundreds of systems and possibly thousands of worlds, there is no time to waste watching a battle unfold, you have an intergalactic empire to manage!"
76561198009305108,Recommended,208140,9771203,"Posted: 9 April, 2014",all,Faravahar1200,nice game
,Recommended,208140,2502492,"Posted: 12 July, 2012",all,Fire is Cool,"Pretty good space 4x game. There are multiple paths to victory, and the space battles look beautiful, though you don't have a lot of control over them. Definitely worth the price."
,Recommended,208140,10225870,"Posted: 24 May, 2014",all,Ban Dazzle,"Scientists of the day are mostly in agreement that space IS in fact endless, in at least several dimensions.Would recommend for scientific accuracy"
,Not Recommended,208140,11058091,"Posted: 3 July, 2014",all,ratzap,"Rather tedious and not much depth. The tech tree has a lot of effort in it but I never got the feeling that a tech advantage was really helping. All in all I just found myself hit 'end turn' a lot so that something, anything, would happen. No desire to replay."
,Recommended,208140,2518229,"Posted: 16 July, 2012",all,Docshifty,Endless Space made me not care if SotSII ever gets fixed.
,Recommended,208140,157114,"Posted: 12 July, 2012",all,QuackAttack,"This is my new ""just one more turn (for another hour)"" game. For fans of space-themed, turn-based 4X games, this may be the best title released in the genre - possibly even better than GaCiv2 and Sword of the Stars.The beta was amazingly polished, and the devs (former EA and Ubi employees) obviously care a great deal for their baby. A lot of thought has gone into gameplay and especially the UI. The backstory of empires and general ambiance are superb.Looking forward to trying out the release code. Get this if you want a prime example of ""indie"" gaming goodness."
,Recommended,208140,1639184,"Posted: 16 May, 2012",all,malloc(),"There is a race in this game called ""Cravers"". That sounds like they really love burgers or something. Perhaps it is because the dev team is French? I think they should hire someone to go over their language for little things like that. The translation is actually pretty good, but I can't help but imagining there's an entire race that's populating the galaxy in order to develop the most delicious snack food. On the other hand, I kind of want that. Eternal leaders of the Cravers, Seekers of Extreme Flavor. Also, space may be endless, but you are limited to only looking close to the galaxy you start in. I know, I know, The Endless are the missing ancient race in this 4X. Maybe they have the knowledge the Cravers need to make their burgers. That works. They did have the tech to allow one guy to clone a race of himself that's another faction. Which is great, by the way. It's like a Blood Elf found a cloning machine. God, sex must be amazing for them, right? Anyway, this game is great."
,Recommended,208140,7798926,"Posted: 27 November, 2013",all,Bear Necessities 🐻,"It's not Master of Orion but nothing will be. However this was damn gripping and potentially improves the old formula in all aspects (except maybe space combat, which has been streamlined). Definitely a game that unlocks more potential the deeper you go into it."
,Recommended,208140,13297882,"Posted: 9 December, 2014",all,Geobrass,"Endless Space is a great game!  I highly recommend this game to anyone who likes sci-fi, especially 4X games.  The interface is fast and intuitive, and just about everything in the game you can float the cursor to read about in more detail.  There is a great wiki available to help explore the game's details.  Also, there is a large amount of little science humor in technology/wonder/anomoly items throughout the game.  The developers release free content once or twice a year, to connect it with the other ""endless"" games.The combat is nothing spectacular, but the Disharmony expansion greatly improved the options/variablity of combat options.  I like to play science/economic victory anyways, so the combat doesn't matter much to me.Only complaint I have is that there is no way (as far as I know) to ""lock"" teams for joint victory conditions (such as in Civilization, Age of Empires, etc).  I would like to play this game as a team with my wife (she likes to play combat while I play science/economy), but there is no way to have a joint victory so we can both win!"
,Recommended,208140,8474995,"Posted: 31 December, 2013",all,Chef Snake,"If you dig strategy, and if you dig space, then you'd probably dig this."
76561197987350411,Recommended,208140,15741999,"Posted: 8 May, 2015",all,Shawn of the Dead,"Good game. Not as good as Master of Orion 2, but then again, what is?It's a typical 4x game, but the graphics are nice, and the information is usually readily available. (Tooltips are great!) It has incorperated several features from the Civ series that make it much easier to manage (e.g. popup event windows).For MOO2 fans, this game is very similar, but there are a few things that this game doesn't have that would have made it great:- Tactical combat (Combat is pretty much a wind-em-up-and-see-what-happens affair.)- Space Stations- A super-powerful alien race with unique technologies (I loved capturing Antarean ships)- Spying- Galactic CouncilSo, devs, put these in and you will have a true MOO2 killer.One major problem, as with a lot of 4x games, is that the endgame is boring. By halfway into the game you pretty much know who is going to win, and its just a matter of attrition. Also, the distinctions between the races seem to blur in the mid and late game.So, the game is good, but not great."
76561198035098247,Recommended,208140,4287957,"Posted: 30 June, 2013",all,dwinblood,"I am a big fan of these types of games, so at first I was not happy with a few things.  Then 16 hours later I was okay with it.   This has some cool things in it and is quite fun.  At first the Rock Paper Scissors type cards and limiting it to Long, Medium, Melee phases of combat was something I was not happy about.   Later the three phases make sense if you are actually playing this in multiplayer.    The cards actually end up being pretty cool after you get the hang of them.   I'd like to be able to design my ships a bit more micro level than you do in this, and I wish it had a system view so, you could have multpile teams colonize planets in the same system.  This is more the systems are the smallest territory unit, and the the planets are like slots you claim, and upgrade.   Overall, it is a lot of fun.   It is a bit different, and worth trying out for 4 or 6 hours before you throw up your hand and say ""It's not like MOO2"", or ""It's not like Gal Civ II"", or ""It's not like Space Empires""...   it is partially like all of those.   It is NOT like ""Sins of a Solar Empire"" as this one is Turn Based, and not Real Time."
,Recommended,208140,9146995,"Posted: 16 February, 2014",all,Jinart,"If you have 7 more friends, I suggest you all buy and play the game together, get violent or political with each other as you race for stars and resources to trade, or find others to steal and pilage, and soon, a star wars and mass effect mod will be out, so you could play with friends as the geth, alliance, asari, turians, etc. This game makes you think hard about your desicions"
76561198191682323,Recommended,208140,22198976,"Posted: 2 April, 2016",all,EmbersArc,The Sheredyn were laughing at my Military.They are not laughing anymore.
76561197979761120,Recommended,208140,833198,"Posted: 14 February, 2013",all,XTL5000,One of the best 4X games around.
76561198007050722,Not Recommended,208140,9934081,"Posted: 25 April, 2014",all,MeatPete,Looks amazing initially but ultimately lacks any real depth.
,Recommended,208140,1769317,"Posted: 17 March, 2013",all,Zorder skinhub.com,"I'm in love with this game. The soundtrack and the visuals are astonishingly good! The UI is very player friendly but it might take people new to the genre (such as myself) to get used to it. Some people don't like the combat system in this game but it's a matter of preference in my regards. The cards which you choose to use on each battle cause some ""tension"" at the begining of each battle stage. If you like turned base games and space strategy, GO BUY THIS, GO NOW!"
76561198002207220,Recommended,208140,10076018,"Posted: 10 May, 2014",all,detrious,"I was Curios about that game, because it was developed together with gamers who could give input while developing.All in all its a solid game, but it lacks a few things for example controlled space fight, ground fight or optical customizable spacecraft.But that's also partially whats missing in Europa universalis and its still a great game.Result: For those who are searching for the Total war in Space, go on. but for those who enjoy a space tactical/economical simulation, its a must have for less then £25."
,Recommended,208140,1789,"Posted: 13 July, 2012",all,Plasma,"Great UI, a nice 4X game for new players to the genre. Too simplified and not enough depth for Veteran players. Hopefully, the game will receive additional updates (better combat system, espionage, better diplomacy and ship creator...)"
,Recommended,208140,1100815,"Posted: 12 July, 2013",all,Stewbs,It's like civ 5 except in space
,Recommended,208140,13781167,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,Caveman,"I think I picked this game up on sale for £5-6 a while back.  On the face of it, It's a turn based strategy game and has a number of interesting game mechanics hidden within it.The tech tree is extensive and the brain power required to decide what order you will need things in is interesting.  Picking your colonies, even nice planets, and then wondering why moral hit rock bottom is a fairly big part of the game.Quickly you learn how to do better - expand, drop the tax to 35% or less to maintain moral for a bit, scout the area and hope for free hive ships and then make your fleets as big as possible.Would I recommend it... full price? (£20+)  Heck no.  On sale? (sub-£5)  Yes.  Especially if you like turn based strategy or want a game to play while you watch TV."
76561198025169047,Recommended,208140,12276296,"Posted: 28 September, 2014",all,Alexandre Leboucher,Very good 4X/ civ like game in space.Not very fan of the manual combat system though...
,Recommended,208140,19371739,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,Kramit The Frog,Highly recommended alternative to anyone burnt out from Civ.  An interesting combat system with moderate depth ship design and flavour text and lore everywhere.  Overall a slower paced 4X than most which really lets you enjoy your victories while giving you some time to recover from defeats.  Basically Sins of A Solar Empire meets Civ 5.  Can't wait until Endless Space 2!
76561197984524536,Recommended,208140,27241520,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,von Aasen,"An excellent 4X game that is easy to get in but hard to master. Planet management is enjoyable, space battles are a bit dull though. A strong plus will be found in the very diverse playstyle of each different faction."
76561198063949036,Recommended,208140,17640778,"Posted: 21 August, 2015",all,calico 420,"Very addicting. I really like it. Just watch the clock! Before you know it, you've sat for 6 hours when it feels like 2 haha. (:"
,Recommended,208140,17757305,"Posted: 28 August, 2015",all,Griffildur,"Great game,the AI is challenging enough, the colonization and terraformation very interesting, the research very good. You can invade or bombard, you can show mercy and agree to peace in exchange for systems, you can build lots of fleets and fight on multiple fronts. You have heroes, who level up and become stronger and stronger, you can customize your race any way you like.Thumbs up from me."
76561198125082369,Recommended,208140,17368326,"Posted: 3 August, 2015",all,Smithy Winfred,"Amazing game, not quite as epic or creative as Endless Legend, and sometimes I wish I could control more in combat, but very little is more epic than seeing two capital ships and a full fleet of smalle ships go at each other.  Worth the 2 hours it takes to get there.   Get pumped for the sequal."
76561198039347445,Recommended,208140,17763279,"Posted: 28 August, 2015",all,Jeffs,"Currently my favourite space 4x game. Even though the combat can be a little repetitive with mostly hard counter mechanics it gets everything else right. The music, the characterful factions and the ship models themselves  totally imerse you in the universe. The planetary improvements, modular improvements to ships, faction affinities and the sandbox style setup lead to many different playstyles and add plenty of replayability. Fans of the 4x turn based strategy genre should own this game.Cannot wait for endless space 2"
,Recommended,208140,19302072,"Posted: 26 November, 2015",all,Rismal [WIC],"an original implementation of the 4x genre: it's not as complex as Galactic Civilization II, but has some new fresh features.it's so light that never tires: i keep coming back playing it from time to time.PROS- original basebuilding system: the management aspect is focused more on solar systems than single planets- can hire heroes as governors or fleet leaders- simple but effective governor feature- simple but full-fledged diplomatic system- good ship builder ( it's a little messy, gets improved in the expansion )- original combat system: can't actually control spaceships, but can issue an order for each of the 3 combat phases with cards unlockable with technologies ( gets deeper with the expansion ), and amazing camera view mode.- graphic is polished and captivating- good galaxy view- great UI: you can get info on almost everything just hovering over; you can go to the previous screen just with a RMB click.- simple but compelling tech tree- interesting lore: set in the Endless universe, same as Endless Legend and Dungeon of the Endless  ( nice having the same concepts represented by same icons recurring in all the games )CONS- spaceships can move only on paths that join planets ( only later in the tech tree you can unlock free movement in the galaxy ): i feel it like a constrain to exploration and tactical possibilites, but it works.- no espionage feature- no starbases or orbital structures- no political government features- no ethic alignment features: there are random events that prompt you a choice, but consequences just end there and do not carry over- no stats and charts, neither of your empire nor other players'- no ""go to event location"" feature ( added in the expansion )"
,Recommended,208140,31334523,Posted: 23 April,all,YourPalLags,"I have to say, I had my doubts when I first looked at Endless Space. But thanks to the $1.50 pricetag and my friend also already having bought it, I had a go.I found the game to be extremely fun and play it for 3 hours+ every night with my friend from now on. It allows you to win through multiple ways; Diplomacy, Economic, Supremacy and more. It additionally has an AMAZING soundtrack that I find quite relaxing.My advice to new players, is learn and play the game with a friend, who has already played the game for a couple hours, as the tutorial is pretty bad. If you have no friends that have the game, then simply watch a youtube video.Essentially, I would recommend this game to anyone who likes strategy games in general."
,Recommended,208140,21112734,"Posted: 10 February, 2016",all,rmz,"Endless Space is a turn-based 4X strategy game, covering the space colonization age in the Endless universe, where you can control every aspect of your civilization as you strive for galactic dominion.I like 4x space games, but I try not to play them that much because most often than not they require lots and lots of time, which I usually don't have. And if a game is good it turns into just one more turn, just one more turn, just one more turn, and then it's 3am and I have to go to work in a few hours. And that's how Endless Space treated me when I got to play it. Damn, the endless in the title is there for a reason.There is no single player campaign to speak of, but you get a small/medium/large map with 1-7 enemies thrown in and just go at it. You can win in several ways, by waging war, trading, science, etc. Usual stuff. There are lots of races, lots of planet upgrades, lots of spaceship combinations (you build your own ships!). And everything looks quite pretty and is accompanied by nice music.I liked:* nice graphics* huge map with 8 players is lots of fun* lots of civil and military upgrades to toy with* you can create your own race* that just-one-more-turn feelingI disliked:* steep learning curve and the tutorials blow* that just-one-more-turn feeling (I don't have enough time!)* it's almost impossible to meet certain victory conditionsGet this:* if you like 4x gamesDon't get this:* if you don't like 4x games* if you're looking for a quick game"
76561198006986577,Recommended,208140,17542061,"Posted: 14 August, 2015",all,DragonElderX9,"A really fun 4x in space!  I'm a fan of astronomy, and it's fun to explore new planets and find cool artifacts and resources.  The tech tree is immense and the combat is real-time.  Lots of races to choose from, or make your own!"
76561198064335259,Recommended,208140,18679534,"Posted: 25 October, 2015",all,izao0777,"Great fun, you have control over nearly every single detail about your empire and even the method at which your empire expands.  Tons of different tech to research with so many different ways to play the game makes its replayability score very high,  While you do need a bit of time to play thru each game, if you are playing against PC you can save and pick up right where you left off.  Good game, looks great and the music aint too shabby either, 9/10 overall."
76561198032568600,Recommended,208140,34848043,Posted: 9 September,all,pretzelsrgood855,Love playing this strategy game.  I like all the unique factions in it.  I've was hoping to find a good sci-fi 4x game for a while.  I'm glad I sumbled across this.
76561197988921011,Recommended,208140,21114878,"Posted: 10 February, 2016",all,JAW78,"A slick space 4x turn-based strategy, streamlined UI, great graphics and music, very relaxing to play. Picked up the Gold Edition in Steam sale... Bargain!! :-)"
,Recommended,208140,26101884,"Posted: 18 October, 2016",all,Demon,"Turn based strategyBut you need to spend like 24 hours at first to understand all the gameplayTechnology and thinks, because this game is really complex and really goodJust get ready to waste your time :)"
76561198009137083,Recommended,208140,26351862,"Posted: 1 November, 2016",all,Soviet Space Dog,"This sat in my library for a while before I gave it a fair shot but once I did I absolutely loved it, it's one of the best strategy games I've played and couldn't recommend it more.Initially this was what I was playing while I waited for Stelarris (which is awesome too) but I keep going back to this.If you love sci-fi, space, empire building style games you will love this."
,Recommended,208140,29684120,Posted: 3 February,all,Epsilon,"Despite having endless space 2 and endless legend to play, i've always found myself coming back to play this when theres nothing to play. The tutorial.... don't bother with it, I didn't, didn't understand it at all. You learn rather quickly just playing the game for a few hours. After an hour of messing around, i finally understood what to do and how to actually play this game, and i have to say this is one of my favorite games i've ever played. 10/10 From me"
,Recommended,208140,30129670,Posted: 23 February,all,MaterialFuture,"Really interesting game to say the leastI got this game with the other Endless games and this one stuck out to me the most.I'm not sure what about it made the game for me, but the ammount of options and stratigies to choose from is pretty unreal. I have only played as one race, but I can only imagines how much more there is to this game.If you're a fan of sci-fi games and/or tabletop RPGs than I highly recommend this game"
76561198125152942,Recommended,208140,31204880,Posted: 17 April,all,JGane,"Having bought this for £1 on sale, I wasn't expecting much especially considering the number of negative reviews about the UI.This is a very addictive 4x game which is very challenging at the higher difficulties.However... I will agree that the tutorial is massively lacking in both user friendliness and content - there is literally nowhere in game to find out what the hotkeys are. In addition, there are a few UI annoyances that drove me crazy in the endgame. Just small things - for example when you scroll down the list of improvements and click one, it then jumps back up to the top so if you want to queue the improvement next to the one you previously chose you have to scroll down again. Now I know that doesn't sound like a big deal but when you have to do it 200 times it is infuriating.This game is functional and seemingly balanced well and I would definitely recommend it if you can get it on sale, but definitely not one to pay full price for."
76561198209398943,Recommended,208140,17286122,"Posted: 29 July, 2015",all,Blind,Love itTotaly worth it
76561197998268814,Recommended,208140,17664583,"Posted: 22 August, 2015",all,MaxxVelocity,"This is the perfect game to buy on sale. I picked it up during the Steam Summer Sale at a fraction of the full price, and I'm very happy with what I got for the money.Would I feel the same if I had paid full price? Probably not. The simplistic gameplay makes it easy to enjoy without the frustration of a steep learning curve, but does not justify a top-shelf price tag in my opinion.That said, the Endless Space universe is full of beutifully detailed graphic depictions of all types planets, including various sci-fi anomalies such as ancient ruins and gravitational disturbances. Each star system you discover reveals unique challenges and opportunities for colonization, keeping the experience enticing.Combat is a little strange, consisting of 3 phases which essentially represent long, medium, and short range exchanges of damage and defence. There are no maneuvers involved; every class of ship is essentially a slow-moving platform for weapon systems and countermeasures closing in on one another, The strategy for each of the 3 phases is selected before combat, and you are given the option to skip straight to the results or watch the action in real-time. The latter provides the opportunity to change the selected strategies along the way, and some decent eye candy. Nothing that would rival the likes of EVE, but far more exciting than a Sid Meyer game's combat system.Trade and diplomacy are both present, as you'd expect from any sort of nation-building strategy game. Having chosen an empire which relies mainly upon military superiority, I haven't experienced enough of either to judge their implementation. However, the fact that you have a wide of choice of empires ranging from evil militants to peaceful industrialists means you can play-your-way, selecting the definintion of ""victory"" that suits you.The game also includes randomly generated events, rare and valuable resources to find, pesky space pirate attacks, and a handful of other surprises which keep things from becoming stale or predictable.What it does NOT include are cinematic sequences, voice acting, linear storytelling, city-level management  or integrated mini-games. I expect that casual gamers may find that to be a bit bland, but strategy purists will appreciate the lack of distraction.Bottom Line:If you're a fan of turn-based strategy, civilization building, sci-fi warfare, and looking to add another solid title to your collection, then put this on your wishlist and wait for the next sale."
76561197971811644,Recommended,208140,20493265,"Posted: 12 January, 2016",all,Hruruzat,"After a few hours of playing and emerging in this game, i have to say: it definitly is a nice game, allthough it has some severe flaws.1. Resources: The FIDS system is pretty much forward and allows to manage your empire on a very easy understandable, but yet not so easy to master level. The decision too whether transform a gas planet up to terran/jungle/ocean or not e.g. isn't as simple as it seems first - provided you do not have all improvements unlocked yet. But in the end, this has a feelable impact on your overall resources. Another thing i really like is the fact, that you have to gather stratigic resources to be competible. So in this department i can clearly say, the devs did it right.2. Diplomacy: Okay - this is one of the bad parts of the game... I really had a hard time to understand, why this game was delivered with a subpar diplomacy system. Okay - you can choose how far to bond with the other factions (from only beeing at peace, over trade relations to full scale alliances), but still it seems a bit to simple in the given options. Another offset is the - IMO - strange diplomacy rating towards your faction. I still don't get, why some of them really hate me, although i play these extremly harmless, but cute Amoebes... - perhaps it's because of the amorph appearance - who knows...;) The only thing it's good for is to gather strategic resources and gain some money and research from your traderoutes.So in general diplomacy isn't a real strenght of this game.3. Combat: Yeah, some of us still remember the good old Masters of Orion games. At this time i loved the combat mechanics. The cool thing about Endless Space is, that i am somewhat reminded of these glorious times... :DGuys and Girls: Do NOT only stick to the general rating of your fleet! in the end it all depends on your fleet setup, skill choices and knowledge of the enemy. I've easily won fights against a higher rated fleet, just because of a few bombers on my ships and the right battle action choices. The manual fights are - compared to the rest of the game - a bit of an eyecandy, but pretty useless and timerobbing at least. After about 5-7 fights i started to stick to the automatic mode - it'll do the job ;)4. Planetary Management: This is the spice and flavour of the game! I really liked the micromanagement in the first to second third of the game. As in every good 4x game you sometimes have to think twice, when managing your colonies. Maximum research output, although some planetary bonuses are more cropfriendly? Standard situations in managing your systems/planets. This is something Endless Space gets right! I really love the fact, that a lot of improvements solely depend on your planettypes, the resources and percs of them. It does make a slight difference just to have a moon, special resources or anomalies. Last, but not least the graphics are quite nice... ;)5. Races: Yeah - this is the section, where the devs got it right. Good balanced and nicely designed races and the ability to costumize your own races. I simply love this one.6. Longtime Motivation: A 4x game must have a high replayability. Given the extremely high level of customability, this is a yes for this game!7. Hardware: One really big backdraw is the unbearable long time to load advanced sessions... This is something i can't understand, if compared to other titles. This is definitely a thing to improve on!Summary: Yes, i recommend this game. If you like 4x and SciFi, you'll have a good time playing Endless Space."
,Recommended,208140,20611730,"Posted: 18 January, 2016",all,Madness,"In my opinion, this is one of the best space based 4x games, if not the best.The only real downside about it is the space combat.Every other factor of the game has been beautifully designed and is easy to learn and pick up.Races are nicely differentiated, and have a unique feel to them.If they improve/change the combat system for ES2, it will probably be a game for the ages.Nevertheless, I highly recommend this game!"
76561198078985169,Recommended,208140,24479541,"Posted: 23 July, 2016",all,Pex,"Score: 7.5 out of 10.Warning: Not game for everyone - you really need to be into 4X space strategies to appreciate this game.Pros:- Multiple playable factions with different characteristics- Replaying value- Multiple ways of achieving victory- You can design your own ships to suit your style of play- Very interesting beginning, with exploration, random events, etcCons:- Poor tutorial (only written one) - it took me a few restarts to figure our best way to proceed- Poor AI (for example, to get me to agree to cease fire, AI gave me enough star stystems to achive Expansion victory)- After you get the upper hand against AI opponents, game turns into slow grinding to finish it- Too random startConclusion:  On sale, a good value for money, but I wouldn't pay full price for it."
76561197974262734,Recommended,208140,17314371,"Posted: 31 July, 2015",all,Iscariot XIII,"Any fan of civilization type games such as the Sid Meier series will appreciate this game. I've spent many a night playing this game both online and with friends and it makes for great fun, and great animosity towards your friends by the mid-game time as both of you are sitting by your borders with most of your armada and just waiting for the other to step out line, at the same time your trading technologies with a smile. It's only in the late-game that it might become a bit dull, since by then there will be a clear winner more often than not... But then, it's always nice to grab victory stealthily by researching your way to victory right before the aggressor comes to knock on your doorstep xDDefinitely a great game on it's own right, with plenty of playstyles and factions for the many different sorts of players."
76561197995431707,Recommended,208140,18392389,"Posted: 9 October, 2015",all,Foxador,I enjoyed this game a lot even though at times it can seem like you're playing a spreadsheet sim.  The music is very calming and quite enjoyable that I can listen to even when not playing this game
,Recommended,208140,22305534,"Posted: 8 April, 2016",all,Exquise,Definitely worth getting when on sale. A nice 4x space game you can play for an hour or so and come back to later. I really enjoy the music and the clean UI; the tech tree and custom ship building is well-thought out and will give you that bit of encouragement to play a little long. Only issue I find is the steep learning curve but a few Youtube videos helped a lot.
76561198019273223,Recommended,208140,17244715,"Posted: 26 July, 2015",all,halcyon328,"One of the best 4x space strategy games. No tactical combat, but everything is nicely streamlined."
76561198006881773,Recommended,208140,20293436,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,Fennris,"This gem has a bit of a learning curve to it, but is pretty fun once you have an idea of what's happening. The battles are fun to watch at first but quickly become repatative."
76561198079323304,Recommended,208140,31195066,Posted: 17 April,all,"Ise ""RoseCat"" Axon","Endless Space is a pretty fun game, although it's hard as heck to understand at first. It's a bit complex to learn, so if you are not so good at English, learning to play this game would be a nightmare. 8/10 though, it still is a fun game to play"
76561198088397797,Recommended,208140,19492625,"Posted: 4 December, 2015",all,Unit34,"Amazing game! Anyone who played the Masters of Orion games will enjoy this.Some of the mechanics can take a little time to get used to, but this is a very well made game. The developers are amazing at listening to the community and incorporating aspects that players want to see and they have great support for their products.Highly recommended!"
76561197963783841,Recommended,208140,31945775,Posted: 24 May,all,Giftzahn,"I kind of like this game. I'd compare it to an old game I used to play, Pax Imperia. It has some reminders to the old game, with worm holes and system jumps. Tech tree is simple and battle is limited to selecting tactics. Ship loadouts can be customized but ship shape and design is preset. A turn in the game is pretty much, queue building of either planet or system specialty/upgrade, queue ships to be built, select research, move ships and explore/attack, assign hero's for bonuses on fleet or system, and accept/decline trade proposals.  I also play the Galactic Civ games and its not as advanced but can be similarily enjoyable. As of writing this review I have 31 hrs on the clock if that counts for anything. Yeah I can recommend this game."
76561197961988788,Recommended,208140,20339455,"Posted: 5 January, 2016",all,a bag full of puppies,"Great concept for a modern 4X. You can do it all, dominate with your military strength, expand your empire so as to choke out other civilizations, research your way to a Wonder victory, and more.From options on your randomly generated universes, to fully customisable Empire stats, and modifications to your fleets, this game can adapt to suit your style, or to challenge it!"
,Recommended,208140,15501565,"Posted: 23 April, 2015",all,DubMeister,"One of my first 4x games to play. It's a fun game that you can pour several hours into if you manage to get into it. A single game could last you entire days to complete depending on how you set it up. The game can be a little slow at first which could be a turn off for those who prefer RTS instead of Turn based strategy.Space combat in this game revolves around research, ship build, and card choice. There is no actual individual control of the units in the fleet assembled during battle. It's basically two fleets go head to head until one overpowers the other in quite the spectacular light show.Overall, I like it. I'm usually more of the ""straight into the action"" strategy game player but this game is still something I'd recommend for those who want a 4x game to play. It may be a little slow, but the combat and the occurence of unexpected events is something I enjoy."
,Recommended,208140,9627810,"Posted: 25 March, 2014",all,Ronin,"One of these space civilization simulators which actually allow player to create a civ of his own which means at least somewhat your own setting. Still a lot of limits though but this is something! I just always wanted a true sandbox space civ sim game, without these pre-designed civilizations and background. I also like the battle mechanic: it is a series of orders which can counter each other, and there are quite a number of different orders depending on tech advancement, commander and ship equip. And the thing which impressed me quite much is the space, especially in battles. It's beautiful. The graphics are not something outstanding but still looks very nice. Definitely play this game if you like space civ simulators and exciting battles."
,Recommended,208140,28321549,"Posted: 11 December, 2016",all,Mr Glass,Pro: More like old Master of Orion than other 4X games.Con: Combat was too easy vs AI.  I didn't need much of that technology.
,Recommended,208140,18600853,"Posted: 21 October, 2015",all,levisan,"There is a space-conquer game in the old MacOS (8.1) which is called Galactica. I enjoyed that game so much and since I was unable to find another game like that. Simple graphics, simple gameplay, hours of fun. When I downloaded this game those memories from Galactica came out. This game has almost every feature from that old one plus great graphics, more complex development system, and peaceful music. This, gentlemen, is a must-have game."
,Recommended,208140,21334307,"Posted: 19 February, 2016",all,Ahmso,"Lot of fun, especially if you play a lot of Civ games. This is a great change of style but with a lot of similarities. If you want a change this is a great game to dive into. If you are not familiar with civ based games i would definatly watch a youtube video or two before playing the game to get an idea of how this one plays out. there are a lot of menus and sub menus that you have to utilize to play it well."
76561198071069572,Recommended,208140,22225445,"Posted: 3 April, 2016",all,csf60,Nice and original strategy game. The thing i liked the most is the UI. It is so clean and selfexplanatory I wish other strategy games had one like this.
,Recommended,208140,28308143,"Posted: 11 December, 2016",all,Trucidar,"Really fun 4x games. Basically civilization in space. Only reason I haven't played more is because Stellaris came out and contains many similar elements in a real-time package versus turn-based. That said, this game is definitely not without it's merits and I will likely return to play it more.Just wish it had better modding support. I'd have loved to see some total conversions."
,Recommended,208140,31182425,Posted: 16 April,all,Stampede444,"This game is very much like Master of Orion. Not as polished but it's still fun and for 1 dollar, it's a steal. If you like 4x space games, get this now!"
76561198158388008,Recommended,208140,33428225,Posted: 10 July,all,EinarTheGreat,"I paid 1 buck for 70 hours of LAN , it seems more than okay to me ."
76561198072296023,Recommended,208140,17918576,"Posted: 6 September, 2015",all,semioldguy,A solid 4X Space game.There are plenty of different strategies and paths to victory that allow for diffrent playstyles. There is a race editor that lets you customize your starting faction to be more or less difficult or to start with a unique set of abilities. Controls during combat is not strongly emphasized in this game with the option to automate it entirely if you wish.
,Recommended,208140,17949356,"Posted: 8 September, 2015",all,HalftrackHero,"Quite possibly the greatest space-based 4X game out there. The graphics are beautiful, even on my potato of a computer. My only problem with the game is the combat. While pretty, it is basically glorified rock-paper-scissors."
76561198068271806,Recommended,208140,32889398,Posted: 27 June,all,xell,"Great game, AI on hard levels is really challenging, ES2 really lacks it at this point."
,Recommended,208140,14429822,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,Maven,"I hate this game so much. I get my butt handed to me on the Easy difficulty still, and the ""normal"" difficulties feel like truly fighting off spiteful and massive empires. The Sowers can go off themselves, and I will always seethe at the Hissho. And the Cravers...they need to just...you know what, no. No. Not talking about them. It's absolutely awful.And I can't stop playing.Shockingly diverse factions, strategy, and customizability make this game feel constantly interesting. And when you win...it is truly a victory. Or, at least a good five minutes of taunting and mocking your AI opponents. Because they deserve it. They'd do it to you. The jerks."
,Recommended,208140,17905245,"Posted: 5 September, 2015",all,IcyUboi,Its a fun game but its better with the dlcs. I love the mutiple factions and their own ship design base on what they are.
,Recommended,208140,8326035,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,I Really Like This Image,"It's EPIC, though it looks complicated, it's quite simple once you get through the tutorial.Also, though it seems you can't move your ships, rightclick where you can actually move! I lost a game once because of that."
,Recommended,208140,8250833,"Posted: 24 December, 2013",all,Hikaru,Good game for timekilling and upgrading your skills of playing in strategies like that.
,Recommended,208140,14370468,"Posted: 7 February, 2015",all,Tanner,"You know how we PC gamers make fun of how most Unity Engine games are half-baked piles of stank?Well, some people like to prove us wrong. And being wrong never felt better."
76561197991446355,Recommended,208140,15620039,"Posted: 30 April, 2015",all,Wolfdog,"Very cool & addictive game - a lot like Civ but with cool space battles and slightly less empire management ... slight early learning curve, but use the zoom function and check out some online starters and you'll soon be knee deep in galactic conquest with ships you customised yourself or let the AI choose the latest improvements for you"
76561198011460550,Recommended,208140,11959539,"Posted: 2 September, 2014",all,JACE,One more turn. One more turn... One more turn... One more... *head crashes on the keyboard.*Great 4x game. Only downfall is that is crashes quite frequently on the Huge map setting after turn ~150.
76561198007468237,Not Recommended,208140,11815417,"Posted: 21 August, 2014",all,travis-nelson,"This game is hugely undersupported.  Multiple crashes from the same issue that has been first posted since the games initial release - an array out of range exception that occurs.I have enjoyed this game, but I cannot recommend it when it continually crashes for a simple cause that has never been addressed effectively."
,Recommended,208140,3636612,"Posted: 19 August, 2012",all,Cleril,"While the game isn't ""done"" what with patch updates coming out (for free mind you) it is still a beauty of the 4x genre.  The soundtrack comes with the game, it's beautiful, just like the gameplay mechanics.  You can explore solar systems across a galaxy, terraform planets to better suit your needs, and even create a custom civilization based off the default ones.  The game also offers modding potential so expect a community for that.Several civilizations also play the game entirely differently.  Cravers actually over-produce on their planets and will eventually drain them of all resources so they constantly need to expand.  While Horatio can clone their heroes.  Combat is handled like a turn based card game as well as allowing you to design your ships with the technology you've learned.You have a lot of control over what galazy the game creates.  From age of the stars to how many wormholes you can change all of these settings for ""optimal"" multiplayer matches."
,Recommended,208140,17260915,"Posted: 27 July, 2015",all,HiddenWenis,"Lots of replayablility, lots of options to win, or lose horribly with especially when you get into creating custom factions. The  strategic rock, paper, scissors, lizard, spock ship development with the expansion cna be quite entertaining when you in the AI or another player get caught up in a lensman armsrace.Pros--Customizable ship loadouts-Custom factions-default factions are interesting-Plenty of replayablility-Good options when it comes to empire strategy-Tricky but interesting combat system using both raw stats, as well as a 'combat card' system giving boosts or debuffs to the enemy in each combat phase.Cons-Can be a bit overwhelming at first, might take a game or two to figure things outOverall a solid game, even without the expansion, which is well worth it. I have no real complaints and I'm a big fan of the universe Amplitude created with their 'Endless' series of games."
76561197970336456,Recommended,208140,18564125,"Posted: 19 October, 2015",all,Flatus,"Addictive micromanagement hell in space.I admit, out of 62 hours I've played, at least 40-50 were on one big map which ultimately crashed because of too huge fleets.There are no campaign or linear story, just play sessions. They can be VERY long play sessions depending on the size of the map. Because of that, I recommend playing few small sized maps first to get the hang out of the game and then proceed to larger size games.Soundtrack is exceptionally awesome to my own liking."
76561198086233181,Recommended,208140,31203552,Posted: 17 April,all,WombatCombat,"Its not often that I write the reviews to games and I was finding many of the negative ones to be misunderstood. This game is definitely not for everyone since it is a 4x turn based game that takes elements of 4x and faction/map creation from fallen enchantress, Elements of research from civ, and the feel of Sins but turn based while boasting its own ship design and combat system.If your still reading it means you probably have an interest in 4x turn based games and here is where I will review the game:This game with the disharmony DLC comes with a full set of 12 fleshed out races which is ridiculous since the max game size is 8.  And on top of this you can create your own faction using a point system to pick traits for your faction that can be either negative or positive similar to that of fallen enchantress.  Every race has the same Ship Class setup but they all have different appearances, names and benefits based on each different faction.  To add to diversity races even have unique techs to research and some pretty game changing traits (go play a game of harmony). Ill wrap up the game setup portion with the map settings.  They are very similar to fallen enchantress as well in that you can set up all the parameters to shape the galaxy you are working in which can span from a dozen or stars to hundreds all with 1-6 planets in them making for some pretty large games.The game is turn based and can build up pretty slow for the first 40 turns{normal} depending on the game speed you choose where you will spend a lot of time colonizing and teching up to make your first fighting force.  You need this fighting force because the first time you encounter any enemies you will be in a cold war and you need to show that they cant just steam roll you (this is how I lost my first game first contact with cravers meant my doom).  this may take you well between 2-6 hours depending on if you like to read all the turtorials and tooltips or just spam end turn.The battles are not real time strategy like I see some of the negative reviews complain about (its a fricken 4x game!) instead they are fought like chess (civ style moving fleets around).  You load up your fleet with ships up to a cap that you design yourself with researched weapon systems, defense modules, armor plating and ground invasion forces.  You then either attack an enemy fleet by flying to their star and hitting engage, or you get engaged upon.  When engaged a screen pops up with a pretty sweet layout of everyones ships, weapons, stats the whole shebang.  You get to choose battle cards which are basically a generals tactics he chooses for his fleet and what formations and targeting your going to do.  The targeting works in a way that you can focus fire their front line, spray their frontline or spread fire amongst their whole fleet while choosing how your formation will be (high damage up front, or high health).  Next you need battle cards for the three main battle phases: Long, Medium and Melee.  Then you choose your battle card for example: Weapon Overclock, is an offensive card that tells all your troops to wreck havoc with kinetic weapons, there are counters to this such as defensive cards that will get a boost if used against you during the phase you choose offensive.  This allows for further strategic gameplay and a few good counters with correct card placement to allow you to overcome some slick odds (Had a match where my 4 ships obliterated 10 enemy ships in the long range phase because I countered them with a good card that made my damage output ridiculous.The battles themselves can be auto resolved if the player so chooses but manual is so much more satisfying to watch your ships engage the enemy.  The graphics of these battles are pretty decent, this game is 5 years old at the time I write this and I run it at max settings and I am always satisfied to watch battles.  The music in this game is nothing to write home about its very spacey.  I would recommend this game to anyone open to 4x games, I personally got the game for a dollar during steam sale and I play it more than most games ive payed full price for."
,Recommended,208140,16972263,"Posted: 10 July, 2015",all,Ned,"Picked this up years ago thinking ""Oh look, Civ meets EVE, that should be cool."" And just like both of those games, while there are options there to be peaceful and diplomatic and spiritual....its a lot more fun to burn the world down and rebuild it in your image.I don't have a God complex at all, nopenopenope.Anyway, its mostly a GalCivs-style 4X, the resource management is a pretty heavy-handed (although you can put much of that under control of the AI, and the AI is trustworthy most times), and when you build your military units, you have to equip/upgrade templates for them else they're pretty useless even in massive numbers; as you progress in the 4 tech trees you'll unlock new abilities and more efficient ship modules and every so often you'll need to bring your fleets in for a refurb. And then you have fleet combat with formations and tactics to contend with, there is some randomness to how that plays out (its a rock-paper-scissors scenario) but it will rarely make a huge difference in the end.Like most 4X's there's a LOT to learn, in addition to the fact that there's faction-specific lore and technologies to learn; there is a tutorial-esque thing but after reading a few screens of it you'll want some aspirin, basically you just have to dive into the deep end and drown a couple times before everything snaps into place for you (or at least, that was my experience.)Also like many 4X's, there's a mechanic where you can use your gold - called ""Dust"" in this game, which I kinda wanna mock but whatever - to bypass production queues, basically you buy the ship/building/etc at a high price and get it on the next turn rather than having to depend on your population's laborforce, and any one resource is dependant on the other three: food (population increase speed), industry (production speed), dust (money), and science (research speed).  Once you get to a certain point in the game, you can have money rolling in if you micromanage the hell outta your early star systems, so that mechanic might be OP to some; since I'm all about domination/expansion victories, personally I abuse it every chance I get, and its fun =D If you think that's BS, however, the higher difficulties really don't permit lavish spending, unless the Random Generator God is pleased with you (and he never is is he, ♥♥♥♥ that guy ^^) Also there's at least one faction that outright cannot use dust, so they basically have one of the four resources removed, which fundamentally changes how you have to approach things.This was before the Sid Meier's Civ In Space game, if that's what you want you can probably just go that route and be happy, this smells a little more like Galactic Civs, although not quite as hardcore (which for me is a good thing, your mileage may vary)."
76561198096107994,Recommended,208140,29975958,Posted: 16 February,all,walter.minhoto,"One of my favorite 4X games.  Loved the graphics, races and challenge."
76561198118797815,Recommended,208140,31203054,Posted: 17 April,all,nkr2003,"I am writing this review because of all the idiots who DONT know how to play the game and say it sucks. Endless space takes a while to learn, and yes the tutorial isnt great. But if you watch a video on how to play it its almost guranteed that you will love it!"
,Recommended,208140,34918770,Posted: 13 September,all,Areuzaki祖基,Great game for relaxing and continuing your galactic dreams of conquest!
76561197968642406,Recommended,208140,31269891,Posted: 20 April,all,rusty_crobar,"Got it for $1, got my money's worth. Seems like a solidly produced game if somewhat unrefined. Bit of a learning curve, nothing too steep for a 4X game. It's certainly not a MOO2 replacement but it did bring on a little nostalgia. Had fun building up the death fleet and crushing endless waves of AI ships, for awhile at least. Had low expectations, was pleasantly surprised."
76561198106230281,Recommended,208140,31205018,Posted: 17 April,all,Jason,"wow, all this negative reviews from past 4 days made me laugh, it was almost free and they complain after 0.2-1.8 hours of playing how it is complicated or suck, game is at first complicated for sure, but if you dont like that type of games or you dont like complicated games because you are too ,,,,,,, for them, dont buy them or at least dont cry others how it sucksEndless space is pretty good game, it has very nice graphics, nice mechanics and deepness, i like it, I actually like Science fiction a lot in every wayit was like somebody sold you a factory new porsche for 100 dolars and you complain that you dont like color of it, that it drinks too much fuel and that you want it for lower price"
76561198009432300,Recommended,208140,17822222,"Posted: 31 August, 2015",all,Paragon of Badassosity,"What this game lacks in graphics it totally more than makes up for in originality and playability. I keep wishing for a decent 4X space strategy game with tactical battle control ala the Master of Orion series, and while this falls short on that, it's combat system is pretty interesting. Where Endless Space really excels is in its races - in MOO and GalCiv it felt like I was always playing the same race with different pair of sunglasses, and that's very much NOT the case here. Races that pick up and move, or that don't use money, or that munch on the worlds they inhabit - they do all sorts of weird stuff that every race feels different."
,Recommended,208140,31163323,Posted: 15 April,all,agriba,"Endless Space is a fun space 4x game that focuses on managment and large scale planning more than the finer details. This is my only experience in the space 4x genre so this review should be read from the perspective of a newbie.With all of that said, Endless Space is a very fun game if you enjoy management and large scale planning in strategy and 4x games.  Much like the other Endless strategy games, Endless Space excells first and foremost in creating unique and varied experiences right from the start with well made, and very diverse factions to choose from.  From there, it is all about expanding, researching and building as you take over the galaxy.  All of which are very satisfying.This game boasts a fairly nice level of complexity and balance which left me constantly experimenting with build paths and constantly learning how to play better.The only down side I can see to this game, and this may be a deal breaker for some people, is that the combat sucks.  There is no micro management for combat.  Combat is essentially how you build your troops and then you can watch a cinematic of how the battle resolves.  Personally, I loved this as I find combat to be tedious in almost all strategy games, but those of you who enjoy building troops and leading them to victory: this game is not for you.I loved this game.  If you are a fan of 4x strategy and don't mind forgoing a meaningful combat experience, this game offers a deep and fun experience that focuses on the macro side of things.  I am new to the Space subgenre of 4x but so far this game stands out as amazing.  (If you have micromange the crap out of your combat, this is a pass unfortunatly)."
76561198041457426,Recommended,208140,25259810,"Posted: 30 August, 2016",all,Will,"Endless Space is a pretty good space 4x game. The graphics are great and the game mechanics strike a good balance that avoid micromanagement.There are some other oddities that I would probably classify as bugs. For example, if an enemy fleet has targetted one of your fleets you can't move them to retreat. Even if the enemy fleets haven't arrived in system yet.And there are almost no keyboard commands. WSAD and arrow keys work, but other than that - nothing. You must use a mouse wheel for zoom. And even though there are menus, they aren't mapped to the keyboard. IMHO, a pretty major design oversight. For me, requiring a mouse for a turn based game drops this from a 4 star game to  a 3 star game."
,Recommended,208140,31176942,Posted: 16 April,all,Jet,"I bought this game when it was on sale for $1. I really wasn't sure if I would like it or not. In fact, I debated buying it, even at that price. But then I figuredit was a dollar.So, I sold some trading cards in the market place and picked it up with the proceeds.Four hours later.... I can safely say it was totally worth it! Its a great game. Lots of strategy and planning. But it has a steep learning curve if you (like me) aren't used to this type of game. The tutorial isn't terribly helpful, but fortunately there are lots of youtube videos to help you get started, teach the basics and explain stuff. Once you know what you are doing, it is actually fun to colonize planets and expand your empire."
76561197974670112,Not Recommended,208140,8738085,"Posted: 17 January, 2014",all,nStuff,"A new look on an old 4X format, Endless Space is an homage to Master of Orion, with a blatant nod to its predecessor by naming one of the solar systems ""Antares"".  The game has a significant learning curve, though it is somewhat alleviated by a plethora of in-game tutorials.  Despite the tutorials, I occasionally had to search forums for gameplay help.  The time between turns even in early stages of the game is uncomfortably long on contemporary hardware.  The game looks beautiful, but the UI is sometimes difficult to navigate."
,Not Recommended,208140,11069654,"Posted: 4 July, 2014",all,ÆtherDeity,"Cannot recommend without at least the option for allied victory. Setting teams at the start would be nice. Don't buy this if you want to play cooperatively with a friend agains AI. I only got as far as setting up a multiplayer game before figuring out that it wasnt cooperative. (I know it isnt listed as cooperative, but I made a bad assumption based on the game type). It looks interesting and maybe I'll get around to playing single player. However, that was not what I was looking for when I bought this game."
76561198023851958,Not Recommended,208140,11139313,"Posted: 8 July, 2014",all,jay.schantz,"Endless SpaceThis is the first time I have written a review for any game. I have been playing 4x games since Master of Orion. I like how the game is midway between MoO2 and MoO3 in that there is a plethora of buildings and research, but you don’t have the minutia that MoO3 had.I gave ES a thumbs down because of the Rock/Paper/Scissors approach. In my mind if you have a fleet that has a higher military strength then your opponent then you should win. However I have been in battles where I have done close to 0 damage and the enemy does 10,000’s in damage even though I have a higher battle value. That to me shows that there a flaw in the game. If my fleets, that have all the advanced weaponry, defenses, and armor, are taking damage but not giving back, then somehow the AI is either cheating or there is a flaw in the game.I was 377 turns into the game and number 1. I had researched every tech on the tree and so had my opponent, yet somehow their fleets with less military power were decimating my forces with greater power. This is a game that should appeal to people who like early on zerg rushes. I like a longer game where I can build up.It was enjoyable but I am glad I only paid around $9 on sale and not the full price. On a scale of 1 to 5 I would give it a 2 because of the frustration of the combat system."
76561198103199389,Not Recommended,208140,10463021,"Posted: 13 June, 2014",all,uncleposey74,"Endless Space is a turn based strategy game with a few good ideas but poor execution.The number one gripe i have with endless space is the randomness of the combat.Combat involves picking cards to play during the  phases of combat,before the battle begins.You never know if the cards you picked will be countered or not by the Computer opponent. this means that even with a stronger fleet you can still lose a battle due to bad card choices.Also laying seige to a planet takes far to long.Even with multiple seige vessels it can take upwards of 20 turns to conquer a single System!!!!There is also little variation in the weaponry used by all factions.Though the ships from each faction look different,you will find yourself facing the same exact weaponry that your faction has researched.This causes stress beyong measure as you must constantly design new ships to counter the enemy factions vessel's,only to deploy those ships and find them countered by a new design from the enemy,forcing you back to the drawing board.Overall there are simply to many great games similar to Endless Space that are less random,more in depth and simply more fun to play. Namely:Sins of a solar empire and Space empires gold edition."
,Recommended,208140,33021472,Posted: 29 June,all,majorscud,"I have spent over 100 hours on this game. I bought the sequel, but the original is still amazing."
,Recommended,208140,23264340,"Posted: 28 May, 2016",all,TACitUp,"Love the game, it takes a bit to get used to the tech tree but once you get the hang of reading and planning the tech you need it becomes easier.  Do your self a favor and DO NOT try researching everything.  Very polished game, love the clean UI nice Music."
,Recommended,208140,30727521,Posted: 25 March,all,Clebaster,"Most of the game is well done for a low budget 4x game, there is a severe lack of non military takeovers of enemy empires. Followed by a huge snowball effect later in the game if anyone did well vs. thier neibors.Overall as a 4x game it is a huge success and definitly worth a buy if you love the genre."
,Not Recommended,208140,24172642,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,Xealot,"This game is enjoyable, beautiful, and will run on a potato at 60fps, but if you like 4X space games I can't honestly recommend it over the Galactic Civilisations series. Combat  in Endless Space is a very uninvolved tactical endeavour, and the empire management becomes easy mid-game. Even playing on the harder difficulties, I feel like the game isn't challenging enough. If only the developers made a Brave New World-style expansion to give players more to do in the mid game. Maybe the multiplayer is more enjoyable than the lacklustre AI."
76561197990294118,Not Recommended,208140,11517410,"Posted: 2 August, 2014",all,Oosh,Endlessly Broken. Once you learn how the AI is horribly exploitable and the whole experience fall apart.
76561198089294152,Recommended,208140,29363303,Posted: 19 January,all,nbrrii,"Solid and fun 4X game. For an experienced 4X player, the learning curve is very low as it's a very classic 4X MOO-like game. User Interface is just awesome and intuitive, dynamics are very straight forward. It's a very enjoyable game which let you just play without the need to search for the right button doing way too many clicks per round. You can focus on actually playing the game, which is by far not a standard for this kind of game. Give it a try."
,Recommended,208140,32279908,Posted: 8 June,all,Nikoliach,"Great game, BUT Mac users beware!I have not been able to troubleshoot this problem since February, and the Devs are non-responsive.Crash on startup!  No matter what I've tried it always fails."
,Recommended,208140,26039309,"Posted: 14 October, 2016",all,Iwanabaengineer,"Cool game, watch youtube to learn, tutorial sucks"
76561198010296640,Not Recommended,208140,15416942,"Posted: 17 April, 2015",all,Maddog2676,"Couldn't get it to work, My system meets all the requirments and more. Just get the black screen of death, Nothing works , not even ctrl,shift del. needs hard reset. My advice look at the forums before purchase"
76561198006986338,Not Recommended,208140,11265054,"Posted: 15 July, 2014",all,Cowkiller,Endless spacecurently  Endless  removed from HDthe game needs  work. the balances  for a easy  computer  vs u  is  mind boggling  bad.  my last game turn 100   20 fleets of  6-11 ships poped onto my home  planet .  while i can only make 1 ship per 3-7 turns  the computer can spam them like its  useing a hack . and this on easy setting  i hate to see what normals like !!the learning Curve is to large and is quite anoying unless your pro  and like dieing to a easy  computer alot.save your money  find another game
76561198068084281,Not Recommended,208140,29729561,Posted: 5 February,all,Rero4Days,"Lets see where to start? I will say that while I'm not a big fan of the level of micromanagement that the game goes to, it was well implemented in my opinion, not only giving you a strong feeling of control over the types of productions your planets can excel at but also how you want to specialize your ships for space combat or invasions and everything in between.The combat is undoubtbly the weakest part of the game, which is a shame since they seemed to have put a good amount of thought into the customization of ships. There isn't any real-time fighting, rather you pick a type of strategy from a list for each phase and then the ships fight until one side has been destroyed or all three phases have passed. The fights usually turn into constant metaing or a rock-paper-scissors match with one side or the other choosing to spec their ships to fire whatever the enemy has the least defenses against. Personally I think they should have increased the number of ships allowed in each fleet so more diversity of ship roles could be filled without decreasing overall effeciency. Oftentimes I usually just had a fleet of high defense ships that repaired and no weapons up front to soak damage while I had high damage dealing ships in the back to destroy everyone. The limitations of the combat shows when you have more than 20 weapon slots on a single ship but it was to waste it's whole slavo on just one ship instead of targeting multiple ones. The combat is just not managed well and really felt more like a numbers game than applying any real tactics to win.The pace of the game can somtimes be incredibly slow, as making first contact can sometimes take forever, ships traveling can as well and researching can be an ordeal if you don't focus enough planets on researching science. I played my first game on the easiest difficulty and I was more bored by the general pace of the game than how it became to crush the AI once I researched the right things and specced my ships the way I wanted to. Basically if you want a sci-fi strategy game with lots of managment and don't mind a soul-crushing slow pace of things then this is for you. But the combat is lackluster and the game doesn't offer enough interesting things on a turn-by-turn basis to keep things interesting."
,Not Recommended,208140,15410068,"Posted: 16 April, 2015",all,Calamari,"Terrible interface and introduction to a complex interface had me give the whole thing a miss for now....The tutorial wasn't of much help either ramming you right into the full complexity of the game without enough information; in addition the tutotial was created for low resolution screens and is hard to read at higher resolutions, so much so that I reset to a lower resolution to do the ""tutorial"" - It felt like something built in the 90s...May be fun if you can get passed that...  I'll post more once I do..."
76561198025200773,Not Recommended,208140,31189754,Posted: 16 April,all,Ningasak,"Looks pretty. You think 4x, you think dialogues, dramatic events, strange new places. This doesn't have any of that. The research trees don't tell you what stuff does. There is no real way to change your development. The tech trees for weapons don't appear to change anything. Ship combat is reduced to some strange rock paper scissor mechanic that is never explained. I'm assuming to play this the devs expected you to read a large instruction manual, read every technology, and know what space rock, scissor, and paper looks like by instinct.If you wanted Star Control, this is not even close. It is a race to the biggest rock, paper, or scissors of doom. Darned if I care which is which. I got if for a dollar and I still wouldn't recommend this. You play for 3 hours, then the bots crush all your planets, hopes, and dreams in a few turns.Honestly, there are Facebook games with stronger mechanics and tactics. Endless is my disappointment."
,Recommended,208140,30662230,Posted: 21 March,all,Chetfreeze,"The game is both challenging and fun, but the AI are too easily manipulated(Call for peace after taking one sun, then demanding all of thier suns in exchange for tech, then poof they are out of the game.)"
76561198032679957,Not Recommended,208140,15425450,"Posted: 17 April, 2015",all,boloeng,Did not like it... Sorry.  I would rather play stardrive or Space Empire eventhough the graphics are not as good as they are in this game.  The mechanics of this game are simply too simple for me and something is lacking.  Good thing I bought it for nearly nothing.
76561197994989384,Not Recommended,208140,16505201,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,halcyonhegamony,"I enjoyed this game for a little while, but honestly, buy Endless Legends, it's a far better game.   This game is relatively good, but the fact you cannot control your fleets in combat, sucks.  The empire control is boring and repetative, It feels like a poor mans Sins of a Solar Empire."
,Recommended,208140,8171219,"Posted: 21 December, 2013",all,Camikins,"An amazingly addicting game.  I'm truly not much for strategy, but this game is so compelling!  Intense skill trees, and I feel like every time I play, I learn more, and it's more fun!  Highly reccomended!  And... I haven't even tried Disharmony yet!"
,Recommended,208140,10004217,"Posted: 3 May, 2014",all,Laigerick,"**9.5/10**HANDS DOWN!Is the game perfect? No. Does it have some of the same issues other turn-based 4X games have? Yes. But that is where the similarities to other generic 4X games (like Civilization) end. The game occupies one of the most fascinating sci-fi settings I've seen in a strategy game, second only to Starcraft.  The gameplay is fluid, easy to pick up, but hard to master.  And as for strategy, well, let's just say even the toughest game of Risk couldn't prepare you for the decisions you have to make on the fly in this game when playing at high difficulty, both in terms of expanding to other star systems as well as micro-managing the indivudal planets and systems you already control.Before I bought this game, I had never played an Amplitude Studios game.  ""Endless Space"" has single-handedly turned me into an Amplitude fanboy!*** Also, if you enjoy ""Endless Space"" I HIGHLY reccommend that you also pick up their Early-Access games ""Dungeon of the Endless"" and ""Endless Legend"".  They are the most highly polished early-access games I've ever seen on Steam.  This studio knows what they're doing!"
,Recommended,208140,1888811,"Posted: 25 August, 2013",all,Hoshiceo,"I like this game, it's pretty good. It has pretty great civ customization options, a pretty good galaxy customization scheme, and a neat approach to in-universe tech explanations. The devs are pretty good with long-term upkeep, and have released regular updates so far.However, it is a bit awfully easy to win using economic, science, and wonder victories. As in, extremely easy unless you're playing on the top-tier difficulties. The combat isn't particularly deep and doesn't really get any better, and the hero system is pretty useless sometimes.Disharmony adds a neat dimension to the game by removing a quarter of the economic system as a challenge, but you'll only end up playing as the Harmony once you're comfortable with the game. Since they're packing a lot of new features in updates for Disharmony, I'd say it's probably worth it.All in all, Endless Space + Disharmony is a good purchase at prices below $20. I got the entire package at $12 during a sale, so I'm happy."
,Recommended,208140,9461958,"Posted: 13 March, 2014",all,saul,"A Sci-Fi Civilization V with an extremely pronounced difficulty curve and an overwhelming technology tree. It would be one of my favourite games, if it was just a bit better balanced. There are so many stats and sub-systems in place, that the AI easily gets out of control, and reacting to that requires hundreds of turns (hours). It's easy to find out that the more efficient, optimal, way to win a match, is to complete one of those endless tech tree branches and get a ""tech/political"" victory. When  you win this way twice, after endless, frustrated, attempts to follow other strategies, you just lose your interest for the game. Still, it was fun and joyful to play. I felt like I could rule the Galaxy; but sadly not the way I would like to. If properly balanced, it would hold a very high position in my game library."
,Recommended,208140,9463000,"Posted: 13 March, 2014",all,His Name Was Seth Rich,Perfect any lovers of space themed games or strategy games
76561198116745143,Recommended,208140,13463667,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,Tyrranus,"Any fan of tbs or empire builders will enjoy this game. Battles are out of your control but you determine the formations and strategies of your fleets. Empire management and research are both simple to grasp and handle, giving the game an easy learning curve. They are also flexible and in depth enough to keep the game interesting and different each time."
,Recommended,208140,9785351,"Posted: 11 April, 2014",all,Attilion,"A good 4X that holds onto you till late in the night (feat that only Civ's managed up to now for me), even if the combat mechanic will be left in auto mode after a few rounds. The different races play drastically different, which is rare, and the design is gorgeous. On the down side, achievement hunters will scream to abuse and the music (altough neutral and diverse) gets boring after a while (which is sad for a genre accustomed to lenghty playthrough)."
,Recommended,208140,2164706,"Posted: 29 December, 2012",all,Malignant_Slurpee,"I enjoyed the Galactic Civilizations franchise immensely, and this game is quite similar.  The cultural and diplomatic aspects are considerably more shallow than Gal Civ, but it makes up for it in other areas."
,Recommended,208140,1911496,"Posted: 19 July, 2012",all,[TPG] Kanati,Best 4X game since Master of Orion.  And it has multiplayer for a change.
,Recommended,208140,1081327,"Posted: 29 May, 2012",all,Nephiral,This game is beastly sexy and brings back a genre of games that should have never gone away.
,Not Recommended,208140,10246139,"Posted: 26 May, 2014",all,Lalkin,The game is great.The bugs suck.If you want to play multiplayer expect to have to reload from saves dozens if not hundred of times due to crash bugs.Singleplayer is pretty stable. So i highly reccomend the game if you are playing by yourself.I pseronally play TBS in MP almost all the time so I don't reccomend it.It has been nearly half a year since the last patch so don't expect the crash bugs to be fixed.
,Not Recommended,208140,11237461,"Posted: 14 July, 2014",all,Sunshine,"I really, really wanted to like this game. I remember playing Spore years ago, and loving the universe level and I've always wanted a game that did what Spore did, but did it better and maybe with a Civ-style strategy flavour to it. I'm still waiting for that game because this sure wasn't it. All the things I expected to be fun in this game: exploration, terraforming and combat,  were absolute drudgery."
76561198103907068,Not Recommended,208140,13189996,"Posted: 1 December, 2014",all,BurbonChicken,I had a problem playing this game. My fleets would not move about half the time. Looking on-line I found this to be a very common problem. I gave up after a few frustrated hours. I cannot recomend this game for anyone.
76561197971543337,Not Recommended,208140,8370625,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,scootor,"Endless space is not the game I thought when I bought it. But there's an upside to it too.The strategy aspect of the game is tough. Expect to be defeated while you're getting used to the learning curve. However, this just makes victory that much sweeter. And unless you are playing as a military faction, don't expect to win period.There are no moving ships around in the combat screen. If you like using ""cards"" as the only way to help your troops, you're in for a really good time. Otherwise it sucks.Overall, don't buy unless you like a very limited experience."
76561198093703585,Not Recommended,208140,9482415,"Posted: 14 March, 2014",all,dgbug3,"I think this game's great in some aspects. But the combat in the game is simply a movie. This alone brings down the whole gameplay. It's kinda a neat feature at first, but you later wish they would have added fighters or something of value that would keep the player playing. Combat in space is something you want to participate in. The game itself has all the other features down and often with customization is completely fun and enjoyable.This alone lets me say this game isn't recommended. Sorry devs.Also 4x games tend to be overrated."
,Not Recommended,208140,10897529,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,miwo,"This game is a bit opaque. It's a lot harder than it needs to be, because the UI is somewhat poorly designed. The number of options is overwhelming and it's not very easy to see the overall status of your operation.I would skip this one."
,Not Recommended,208140,12320184,"Posted: 1 October, 2014",all,Sounds,Tedious and boring. AI plans and behaves poorly without a real strategic plan.
76561198012564559,Not Recommended,208140,12480864,"Posted: 13 October, 2014",all,colonelblue,"If you're going for supremacy, forget it the AI cheat A LOT!! so if you're looking for an RTS that allows you to conquer pillage and plunder don't buy this one. I've played RTS's my whole life, I'm not that terrible at them that I should have my a$$ handed to me when set on very easy difficulty to learn the game. between the bots cheating and the game crashes and bugs, it's been an extremely frustrating experience."
,Not Recommended,208140,13197040,"Posted: 2 December, 2014",all,Komujeese,"Nice spacey atmosphere, the alien races are OK although nothing special, and generally fun to play except the AI cheats. It's something I cannot abide by. I know, I may not be a hardcore strategy gamer, but when I play a new game I want things to be fair. In Endless Space they are not. The AI blatantly cheats even on easy difficulty. If you're fine with that, you're fine with that. I'm not.Cheaty evidence:http://endlessspace.wikia.com/wiki/Game_settings"
76561197993264978,Not Recommended,208140,13208662,"Posted: 2 December, 2014",all,PumaPagan,"It's hard for me to enjoy this game when you can put it on the highest difficulty and the AI still won't create an army other than a one ship fleet with a scout. I would love to see this bug fixed, but apparently it's working in the Disharmony version but broken in Vanilla and the developers haven't prioritized getting the plain version of the game fixed."
,Not Recommended,208140,10704318,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,EVEREADY SALSA,This game is confusing because I can't figure out how to have fun.I think there was an animated battle in one of my games but then I lost.
76561197983324630,Not Recommended,208140,10824519,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,owen445x,"I really wanted to like this game, but I was bored out of my mind.When I play a race, I want it to feel like it's unique! So, when I play the bug like alien race that devours everything in its path.. I should have plant crops in my tech tree like every other race.Or when I colonize a planet, make the planet look like its being terraformed to that race your playing.I mostly bought the game for the space combat which looked epic! but, no.. the matches are like card games. You tell how you would like 3 turns to play out and then use cards or something to help influence the 3 turns. So all you get is flashy cut scene fights and a result of how the battle went.So, all your doing is doing the same research over and over since all factions share the same stuff except one or 2 here and there while gambling on your fleet and expanding to planets that don't make you feel like you should even care.Plus, another thing is each faciton have unique ship models.. nope.. few factions share the same models."
,Not Recommended,208140,10825268,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,Muddy Fox,"Well executed, but it suffer from the classic space empire trouble of everything becoming tedious when your empire is large. Not as fun as I was expecting."
76561197990782887,Not Recommended,208140,10835990,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,Teric,"I consider myself a pretty heavy Space 4X afficionado.  I have played a very wide range of titles in the genre, including MOO2, Sins of a Solar Empire, Space Empires IV and V, Galactic Civilizations II, StarDrive, and Endless Space.  I have even played some of the much older titles, such as Stars! and Spaceward Ho!Unfortunately, I have to agree with TotalBiscuit's assessment of this game: it is well put together, and it is executed adequately, but it lacks soul.THE GOOD:*The user interface in this game is one of the most easy-to-use and informative Space 4X UI's I have ever seen.  I can usually get all of the information I need with a couple of clicks.  Queueing up production, changing tax percentages, or checking which systems needed my immediate attention was very accessible and intuitive.  Gone are the days when I had to make 5+ clicks just to find the information I was looking for, and then 3+ more clicks in order to implement a decision based on that information.*The music in this game is fantastic.  If I could, I would rip the music from this game and use it in the other Space 4X games that I enjoy.  I was also impressed by the fact that the music was somewhat dynamic; when I was in the main space view, the music played with its full instrumentation, but when I went into system view or ship design, the instrumentation scaled back dynamically and played a more sparse version of the same music.  I suspect they have two simultaneous tracks going on at the same time and the game dynaimcally fades from one to the other based on user actions.*The game is challenging early on.  If you don't expand quickly into different systems and establish the borders of your empire, other races will come in and take neighboring systems much earlier than you would expect.  Moreover, if other civilizations don't see you building up a strong enough military early in the game, many of them will simply declare war on you because you look like an easy target.*The tech tree is extensive and varied.  With four main branches to work through, there is plenty of new tech that can be researched through early, mid, and late stages of the game.*Victory conditions are varied and well developed.  The traditional military victory is available, of course, but you can also win the game by expansion (own a certain percentage of the galaxy), science (research enough tech to 'ascend' to a new form of existance), diplomacy (ally yourself with most/all other races, and prevent war for a certain amount of time), economic (earn/control a certain amount of resources/cash), and others.THE BAD:*Combat is by far the most disappointing aspect of this game.  Don't get me wrong--the combat is rendered beautifully, with cinematic camera movements and fabulous explosions.  Sadly, however, combat is NOT user-controllable.  Granted, you can pick rock-paper-scissors style cards that have effects on the stages of combat, but that is as far as user control goes.  I wanted to be able to direct my big battleships and dreadnoughts to strategic positions on the battlefield, while keeping close tabs on the ships that were damaged so that I could steer them away from danger.  No such luck.  As beautiful as the space battles are in this game, I found myself simply picking auto-combat again and again.*Though the races in the game have interesting back stories and differences of starting attributes, in actual gameplay, the races don't really feel much different from each other.  Sure, there are a small number race-specific techs that can be found in the tech tree, but even these don't feel much different than what can be researched by other races.*Planetary colonization and development is boring and forgettable.  There are a few key structures that you can build on each specific planet, but for the most part, the entire star system feels like a single 'colony', for which you build system-wide improvements.  The 'value' of each of these 'colonies' is vastly determined by the number of planets in the system and the amount of population that you can grow system-wide.  Gone are the challenges of a single, resource-rich, but barely colonizable planet that you have to carefully grow to become a viable production center; as long as there are other more hospitable planets in the system, then a low-value planet is virtually pain-free.*Diplomacy in this game is absolutely ridiculous.  While I like the fact that you have to research more advanced diplomacy actions (i.e. trade treaties, tech swapping, alliances, etc.), I felt like the AI was grossly weighted against you in most diplomatic situations.  Even when I was fully allied with a race, with full friendly relationships, they would still ask me for my arms, legs, first-born child, and the soul of my fleet admiral in exchange for a single new technology.  After many attempts, I simply gave up trying to trade technology with my neighbors.  Furthermore, even good races would break treaties with you seemlingly on a whim--I found myself unable to reliably predict how long my good relations with other races would last.*Ship design doesn't allow much as far as meaningful decision-making.  Most of the time, you'll be designing ships with the absolute best weaponry and armor that you have researched; there is very little reason (aside from production cost) to ever use a lesser tech.  Every once in a while, I created a specialized ship (such an invasion ship with high planetary attack capacity but very little ship-to-ship offense, or a carrier that had very little weaponry but loads of fighters and bombers on board).  In many other Space 4X games, I have the ability to design support ships (i.e. refuel, re-supply, repair, or even mobile ship construction yards), transports, miners/resource collectors, star bases, etc.  Not in Endless Space.I wanted to love this game.  I really did.  I put more than 80 hours into it, playing as various different factions (good, neutral, and evil).  But in the end, the lack of controllable combat, the clumsy and unforgiving diplomacy system, and the uninspiring planet/system management process eventually made me decide to go back to other Space 4X games."
76561198024885337,Not Recommended,208140,10870057,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,Lancercat,Terrible game at least i only spent 8.50 on it. research does not actually tell you what it does other than unlocking battle cards. heros are too important and completely random making the beginning kind of like do i get a good war hero and ruin it or actually get something that helps my planets. in order to move on past wormholes you have to guesstimate which tech will give the ability. i thought it was warp drive... nope some random tech that didnt make sense that also allowed me to colonize a new planet type. this game is really stupid if you want something like this thats actually good play galactic civilizations. once a fleet is made you cannot merge it with another. you can scrap it though and waste 30 or so turns making a whole fleet. game is poorly designed id call this beta version and still needs much work.
,Not Recommended,208140,10874953,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,etreX @ Twitch,"I read the reviews, and had high expectations for this game. What I got is a game that lacks everything. The graphics are bad, the fights are bad, theres just nothing of interest in Endless Space. In this game you simply push buttons, and the result of your choices isnt shown, until you get crushed by enemy forces and don't know why. You build plenty of stuff on planets, but that's not shown neither. It feels like ur constantly playing with a blindfold.Theres not even a battle animation when you conquer an enemy planet... Do they expect us to imagine everything ourselves here?This must be one of the worst game I've ever played."
76561197960954941,Not Recommended,208140,10895049,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,Seriously_Disturbed,I really wanted to like this game. On normal level after about 100 turns one race has dominated the other races and has all the resources. And then they turn to you with their massive fleets. I have read you need to expend  out and fast. I do that and then I end up with a 50 turn battle with a guy on on side and by the time I finish that battle the guy on my other side comes in with massive ships. My only guess is they start out with a large fleet.
76561198025509641,Not Recommended,208140,10931629,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,That_one_Jedi,This game has an insanely high learning curve. Its Civ on as much steroids as Armgstrong.The pros:beautiful to look at. some aspects can be fun to play around with. cool loreCons: the tutorial is crap. it teaches you what things do but not how to impliment them. there is no example playthrough (which it really needs). its all just reading about what things do and not how to use them. There isnt any clear explination on how to win the game or what the goal is either. You're better off watching tutorials on youtube. Theres a lot to this game and it can get really confusing. the UI could be a lot better too. The AI is horrible. one second it will be your best friend and then for no reason declare war. I'd rather fight Gandhi. the AI in Civ (as funny and crazy as it is) is by far better than this.Im still playing aroudn with it so I wont give a rating. If you like games that have a huge learning curve then by all means get it. otherwise stay clear away
,Not Recommended,208140,10983906,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,Shadow Moses OG,The tutorials are so bad I gave up and delete it.
76561198012615759,Not Recommended,208140,10985309,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,mushgluebeen,extremely slow. I haven't been able to hold on long enought to even see an enemy.
,Not Recommended,208140,10996762,"Posted: 1 July, 2014",all,(AEF) Vindicator,Not Recommended. This is basically a turn based version of Sins Of A Solar Empire with scripted battles and a bigger tech tree. The rest of the similarities are plan to see. My advice? Buy Sins of a Solar Empire.
76561198095141205,Not Recommended,208140,11027711,"Posted: 2 July, 2014",all,wooluv,it's a good game if you are looking for a game like civ5 but it can lag a lot and if you go to war with some one you can never get your own fleets into the system in time and you end you losing the system. i do not recomed this game and i assume their are others who agree with me
,Not Recommended,208140,11057991,"Posted: 3 July, 2014",all,Taylor Moon,"It could be fun if you're into this sort of thing, but it's very buggy so in fact I couldn't really play it properly."
76561198058167864,Not Recommended,208140,11221922,"Posted: 13 July, 2014",all,nproe2,Not that fun.  Imagine civilization but slower and in space
76561197967723609,Not Recommended,208140,11385224,"Posted: 23 July, 2014",all,=FU= TC,"This game is utterly disappointing.It suggests depth where none exists and beautiful graphics which are indetailed at second glance.Your choices do no really matter in ship design, research or colonization. It's just an endless (phun not intended) line of minor upgrades which them cumulate over time. If you manage to outsmart the dumb AI and there aren't multiple factions turning on you (for no apparent reason of course) you can win the game.A horrible example of the 4x genre. It does everything wrong. Master of Orion II beats this at every turn. Sad, just sad."
,Not Recommended,208140,11442950,"Posted: 27 July, 2014",all,Pwner_II,"I really want to like Endless Space, but the card battle system killed it for me. :("
76561198116373858,Not Recommended,208140,11495569,"Posted: 31 July, 2014",all,DublinerHH,Don't touch it for MAC. Even with the latest Update the game doesn't work. Crashed already during the Intro. Not much help provided in the forum.
76561198019322124,Not Recommended,208140,11816650,"Posted: 22 August, 2014",all,Viktor,"First I tought that this game is going to be a fine space strategy game to play, and the representation is good, the gameplay is not bad, you can do a lot of things, you can micromanage your planets your fleets etc. etc... but when it comes to the battle stage agains ai opponents or pirates they are way too powerfull to defeat. And thats why I stopped playing the game for a while...it's dissapointing."
,Not Recommended,208140,11985990,"Posted: 5 September, 2014",all,Drakhi,"I enjoyed it at first and got sucked in pretty good, but this game has almost no replay value. Two games at most and you'll be tired of it. Some great ideas for interplanetary mechanics but ultimately I expect Beyond Earth to blow it out of the water."
,Not Recommended,208140,12106565,"Posted: 15 September, 2014",all,Kvort the Duck [DG],"Reading the other positive reviews, I don't understand how people are recommending this game. They list out all of the same flaws I found but they're still recommending the game...? I guess 4X just isn't what it used to be, but I found this game to be terrible. The UI wasn't friendly at all - information was in completely different places on different screens, and doing simple tasks was often confusing. I had to do a google search to figure out how to upgrade my existing ships.The combat was boring and gave very little feedback as to what happened or why. The default view of combat jumps around like a speed freak, and although you can turn it off you'll be back to the same view next time. There was a description of how much damage you did but in mixed fleets that wasn't enough to tell you what happened. I finally gave up when a hero-led fleet was repairing faster than I could damage the ships. The hero character was completely unbalancing.Parts of the game had potential which is what made the things that didn't work so much more frustrating. For the first ten turns I thought I finally had something that was an update of the old 4X classics."
,Not Recommended,208140,7892365,"Posted: 2 December, 2013",all,Rollio,"Conceptually good, but poor implementation.  The way the economy and research work in this game are pretty obnoxious as 1 system of up to 6 planets can only build 1 thing at a time and the global tax rate makes it hard to boost."
76561198007443830,Not Recommended,208140,7893020,"Posted: 3 December, 2013",all,Cheesy Poofs,"Decent game, but there's no replay value, no significant differences between the races apart from appearance, tech tree is essentially same for all races and always static, and combat is almost entirely cinematic.  You play cards that give your ships bonuses but all movement, targeting, firing, etc. follows a pre-set routine each and every time."
76561198031371509,Not Recommended,208140,8046421,"Posted: 14 December, 2013",all,cain66043,"This game has alot of petential, it looks good, easy learning curve, combat is not to bad, and i like the customization ability, however it is so unbalanced that you want to throw your computer at the people who made it.  I can't stand a game that depends on the kind resource etc... start you get in relation to the AI and for a game that takes awhile to develop only to find out that the AI's got the start you wished you had gotten.  So much potential in this game!  If they fix the balancing I'd play it!!"
,Not Recommended,208140,8048743,"Posted: 14 December, 2013",all,Arc,"Nice game (gameplay is 7/10) but full of unresolved bugs. Devs launched dlc even before fixes to such common issues like crashing on start, crashing on save load and crashing after manual combat. If you choose huge galaxy with alot of systems playing will be nightmare after 300 turns. Game crashes because of huge opposing fleets orbiting same planets (cannot compute?). After stucked with crashes on last 3 enemies on 348 turn or so i uninstalled this buggy ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥. Maybe i will try to play it in some future but not now. I dont think i will buy game from this dev again."
76561198108920000,Not Recommended,208140,8128348,"Posted: 19 December, 2013",all,Sturmwaffel,This game is rather boring... I played it for about a while but I don't think I will ever play it again.
,Not Recommended,208140,8279261,"Posted: 25 December, 2013",all,Smarticle Pants,You should totally get this game if you're writing a dissertation on boredom.
,Not Recommended,208140,8287294,"Posted: 25 December, 2013",all,NB88,"It´s slow to start, the first time you play it ever and leave the tutorial on you get a ton of screens pop up for every small thing you do with walls and walls of text. But, in the end, you can accept that and just walk through that once and never have to do it again.Problem i found however, i never was able to finish a game because for me (not everyone apperantly) the game does NOT load late-game saves, forcing you to start a new game spending hours and hours and hours, possibly days on a single game only to find out that again you can't finish it because the save wont load. And leaving it running the whole time makes it laggy as mad after several hours of play time, so thats not an option either.I would've adviced the game if i could actualy finish it because it looks good and can be quite fun. But because of this, i would not buy it untill the bug is removed for good (currently marked as unsolved on the official forums)."
,Not Recommended,208140,8289067,"Posted: 25 December, 2013",all,illuminatus,"The blatently cheating AI in this game overcomes any strategy you might concoct, as the rules simply don't apply to it.  On anything but newbie, there is a second set of rules for the AI that gives it a huge advantage.  Further, the AI isn't affected by of the factors that players have to contend with, from fleet size to dust.  This is a boring game created by lazy and stupid developers too mentally deficient to create an AI that does anything but cheat and rush.  Would have been really♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥if I hadn't bought it at a huge discount.Don't waste your time with this, unless you're only going to play multiplayer."
76561198035722583,Not Recommended,208140,8295560,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,6samuelb,"This game is ok, for about 10 minutes. Then it just gets repetitive and boring. There's no real variety in the ship design and the combat doesn't ever get particularly interesting."
76561197995949116,Not Recommended,208140,8295923,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,daniel.j.silvia,"I played this game every day for some weeks and racked up around 300 hours which tells you it has a lot going for it; smooth game play, decent graphics and a fairly intuitive system. But I gave up on December 31st, 2012, and haven't played since after I realized that no matter what style of play I adopted, the AI oppenents at just about the same juncture in every game would apruptly declare war on me. It didn't matter whether I was accomodating or threatening, powerful or way behind, I got attacked. For me, these MoO style 4X games are all about creating a grand narrative and being engaged by that unfolding story. For all its plus factors, this program's apparently rigid algorithm just kept getting in the way."
,Not Recommended,208140,8415668,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,Reimerhausen,Super confusing not worth learning.
,Not Recommended,208140,8416288,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,Po,I'm a seasoned Civilization player. I got this because of all the reviews saying it is like Civilization but in space. It is honestly too complicated for me to get into it.
76561198034787971,Not Recommended,208140,9390676,"Posted: 8 March, 2014",all,methegrate,"I wanted to like Endless Space so badly. I love 4x space games, and like a lot of us am still waiting for the successor to Master of Orion 2 to come along. I'd been hoping ES would finally succeed where so many others had failed. In fact, I periodically download and play it again hoping that maybe I was wrong and there's a good game buried in there somewhere.There's not.As many people have written the biggest problem is combat. There's nothing interesting about it. There are three types of weapons and three types of defenses. Each gets linearly more powerful as you tech up, and each defense stops one type of weapon and is useless against the other two. If you have the right defense against an enemy ship you win. If you don't, they win. There's a system where you play three cards to influence the battle, but it moves too slowly and has too little impact to make any difference.There's no diversity of units like in Civilization nor tactical combat like in Master of Orion (or the brilliant Total War series). There's just a big game of rock, paper, scissors. One side wins, the other side loses, you rebuild and repeat. Don't bother with any other type of victory either. There's no room for cleverness in a rocks/paper/scissors system and no stationary defenses, so if you don't put everything into your military the player who did will crush you every time.It's the same with domestic policy. Your systems have to specialize, so you pick whether a system will produce money, tech or industry, plug in all the appropriate buildings and then auto build cash, science or ships. You don't really decide which to do, because each planet is good for one particular thing so the system composition pretty much decides this for you. There's nothing interesting happening in the galaxy or territory uniquely worth fighting over, no external threat or game changing discoveries. Even the little tactical interest that comes from star lanes and wormholes is gone shortly into the game once ships can fly through open space.By the mid-game your empire is pretty much running on autopilot. Cash and science systems tick away and your only interaction is to build fleets and throw them at the enemy. Periodically you upgrade the design of your ships for new science or if the enemy switches to a different weapon.Most of the problem came from the developers' focus on making a multiplayer game. They stripped the mechanics down in order to keep them balanced, and that ultimately made the game *much* less interesting. The wonders, for example, confer system bonuses instead of being big, powerful icons that can change the course of play. System bonuses aren't interesting. I can catch up to that with a few extra factories and don't even need to if they show up on a lousy planet. But the multiplayer would be unbalanced if one person could, by random chance, stumble across a game changer.It's the same with everything else. There are no weird discoveries to make in the galaxy or overpowered planets, like MOO2's gaians, because that would advantage one player too much. Military tech marches up rails up three branches and that's it, no clever or assymetrical weapons or decisions to make for fear of breaking things. Even the races are just a collection of relatively minor statistical differences from each other, nothiing that feels truly different or unique.There are a lot of little things wrong with Endless Space and a couple of big ones, but ultimately the game just isn't that much fun. It feels flat and lifeless. One play through is pretty much exactly like every other and by midway through your second game you'll get bored."
76561198067604621,Not Recommended,208140,10424259,"Posted: 10 June, 2014",all,SLAY3R145,"its fun at first, but the al always puts you into war right after you finsh mopping up one enemy right into another, small galaxy great ship building but all in all wasn't worth paying for, if you like good graphics smooth engine go for it but i on the other hand didnt like some aspect which could have been better. no time to rebuild after you have been completely wiped out is ridiculous to say the least."
76561197971251812,Not Recommended,208140,10813097,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,TheGaRaK,Way too steep a learning curve. Master of Orion 2 is still my favorite and still my go back to game when in need of a 4X experience.
,Not Recommended,208140,10813618,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,Flip,AI is just broken
,Not Recommended,208140,10817906,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,metasynthetic,"DONT BUY THIS. This looks slick, but it's all style and no substance. Buy Distant Worlds instead, it's the best 4x since GalCiv 2 at least."
76561198029619150,Not Recommended,208140,12020773,"Posted: 7 September, 2014",all,tat7,"Terrible Game, don't buy. I am not sure how you're suppose to play when an invasion fleet is 30+ units of 15 ships each. Am I really suppose to click through all that- and really suppose to not see that coming? Kinda a big bug in the game if after 5 hours it is now unplayable. I don't care if it is unwinable- I just want playable. Terribly unbalanced, or at least unmanaged. If you want money for a game, you should do better."
,Not Recommended,208140,1251035,"Posted: 7 May, 2013",all,Levi,Multiplayer is unstable as hell.  If you are playing singleplayer its fine though.
76561198003947377,Not Recommended,208140,13132510,"Posted: 28 November, 2014",all,digsafe,User interface is terrible. The video for the game is misleading.
,Not Recommended,208140,12115148,"Posted: 15 September, 2014",all,SkyShadow,"I really want to love this game. The setting and races are imaginative, but the AI is always five steps ahead of you no matter what and in a game about numbers (fleets, planets, or resources) it just feels impossible to get anywhere."
,Not Recommended,208140,12309396,"Posted: 30 September, 2014",all,D3Jag,"This is a 4X game with tabletop grade gameplay. The cinematics are impressive, but rare. The actual gameplay is turn based and on a strict node system. The screenshots and videos paint a poor picture of the actual game content, and I found Star Ruler to be much more satisfying, with its 3D galaxies, extensive expansion capacities, and customizable ships for realtime combat.If you like freeform strategy, I wouldn't recommend this title."
,Not Recommended,208140,238634,"Posted: 31 December, 2012",all,Cleverous,"Behold, endless space.You will be astounded at the wonderfully complex systems this game offers, everything from custom ships to procedural systems with unique planets that offer an array of negative anomalies to make your expansion and developmet within the game no less than abysmal.Stand in awe as you bleed hours away while sifting through the tech tree searching deep within the depths of a seemingly endless array of technology that also feels procedurally generated and is delivered with skillful random assembly.Watch in amazement as you expand your Empire upon the stars, flying into the unkown, discovering procedurally generated systems and planets containing a baffling number of negative effects that will make your people develop an unending disatisfaction of you and their new homeworlds.As you bask in amazement of your empires rage you will find yourself in endless space, finding new ways to appease your people meanwhile a vast array of alien species that will threaten your empire and push you to new heights of frustration.Upon countering that new plateu you will enter the ship customizer and find you have no tech in weapons, thus leading to your imminent reduction in empire size and your eventual defeat on Newbie difficulty.Endless Frustration.Lots of good ideas, terrible execution lacking proper difficulty scaling. The in game systems are so complex and confusing it is nearly impossible the play ""correctly"" without dedicating a huge amount of time to understand how it works - which as far as i can tell is very inconsistent. Things that should be common sense are not so and it seems that it was deliberately made to become obscenely harder the longer you play but in doing so went the opposite direction as to what would apply to common sense of an empires' development and that breaks the game since even an economically inclined person will have to throw away his appropriate logic in order to conform to the unjustifiably broken systems in Endless Space."
76561197969232791,Not Recommended,208140,344779,"Posted: 15 July, 2012",all,Scytale,"It claims to be a 4x game but its not, its a turn based sci-fi strategy. It a more complex version of Star Wars: Empire at War. The basic gameplay is to colonise planets where upon you manage population, research and military progression. The Tech tree is huge and you will need to read some strategy guides as to how to best use it.So far I am a little disappointed and still trying to find the appeal. My general impression was to get lost in the tech tree, slowly explore and then to get crushed by an invading NPC. I did get it and play it in its early stages and a few comments say that the difficulty has been smoothed out.Personally I will not be returning to it."
76561198088303142,Not Recommended,208140,7891847,"Posted: 2 December, 2013",all,Industrial_Smut,good concept and feels like some classics but just didn't hold a fun factor I was looking for
,Recommended,208140,9828778,"Posted: 15 April, 2014",all,Zealot,"Very much like Civilization in space. Quite in depth, beautiful visuals, and intriguing (although repetitive) battle mechanics. Fun with friends, and great for those who enjoy 4X strategy and empire management. Only problem is that AI cheats hard on higher difficulties."
,Recommended,208140,2478993,"Posted: 17 July, 2013",all,ChibiCD,More addictive then SMAC!
,Recommended,208140,8841405,"Posted: 25 January, 2014",all,Gigi,"Simple yet complex, this game offers something different for fans of strategy games. Not to mention it's one of the best space games out there at the moment."
,Recommended,208140,7539293,"Posted: 1 November, 2013",all,TheNobleIgnis,really worth it
76561197979438474,Recommended,208140,8675978,"Posted: 12 January, 2014",all,Zednaught,"Endless space is a 4x strategy game.  Set in a galaxy populated by strange, diverse races, you must expand throughout the galaxy, with the goal of dominating the galaxy through many different way, ranging from very peaceful to military subjugation.  In my time playing it, I was quickly grabbed by its clear mechanics and an awesome interface.  It wasn't until playing this that I realized what a big difference the UI made in the enjoyment of complex strategy titles.  The game is clearly inspired by the Master of Orion series, though for my money it's actually better than them.As a 4x game, it has several features of the genre: expanding, researching, ship building/war, and diplomacy.  I'll talk a bit about each.Each 'star system' in this game functions similarly to a single city, in thats its production, food, science, dust (the game's currency), and approval is bound to that one system.  Each system contains up to 6 planets, of different types, that the player expands to once a planet in the system has been settled.  I found this to be an elegant middle ground that allows for a galaxy full of planets, but without the need to tediously micromanage each planet.  The different planet types range from comfortable earth-like landmasses to inhospitable lava planets.  The more difficult to settle planets offer substantial bonuses things like industry or science, but cause unhappiness and lack food of their own.   Later on, players gain the power to play god and terraform planets to suit their strategy.  Managing how to best exploit these systems is a great part of the appeal to me.Star systems are linked in a node system, though later technologies loosen things up.  I felt this provided much needed structure to the systems, and allows for strategic placing of outposts and fleets.The game constantly presents the player with difficult choices.  I always feel pulled by several extremely useful technologies, not to mention each race's custom technologies. It always feels like there are many viable strategies to pursue, and the tech trees allow numerous ways to meet challenges.I've often found the ship building to be too complex for my tastes in other games, but everything here was straightforward for me, there were still difficult choices between weapon types and the balance between defensive and offensive units.While most of the game is told from a crisp overhead view of a galaxy, combat will happen (though it's possible to play very peacefully).  Fortunately, the combat is gorgeous.  Ships for each race are diverse and detailed.  Combat moves through three main phases, with each phase allowing combatants to play a 'card' that grants specific offensive or defensive bonuses.  While it cannot totally turn around lost battle, clever usage of them can enable you to overcome superior foes.The diplomacy is simpler than I'd prefer, as is the lack of a leader screen.  It feels like an opportunity to add more personality to the game was lost.  You can set up all sorts of trade deals and alliances, but it lacks some of the more sophisticated elements that a series like Civ has.Fortunately, some personality is added to the game through random events, ancient relics found on planets, and heroes which can be recruited to you empire, each with their own backstory.  Each hero can be assigned to a fleet or system, potentially making it much more powerful.There is a satisfying snowball effect as your empire becomes more powerful.  In fact, with proper terraforming manipulation, you can easily quadruple a particular type of output across your whole empire in less than 15 turns.  It's hard to see this game reaching over 200 turns.  My first win came at 165 turns, and my third and most recent clocked in at 112.As a nitpick, there are some mechanics for the game that I wanted a deeper explanation of.  While there is a tooltip for almost everything, I wished there was something in the game like a Civilopedia that catalogued every mechanic in depth.  It's really only need for min/maxing, but it would save having to dive into the wiki many times.Overall, this is a 4x game that I highly recommend. I've tried many, but few ever interest me like this.  It's mechanics are simple to grasp, but there's enough depth to allow for interesting strategies.  The 8 different races for the game each feel liek the bring a very unique playstyle, and if that's not enough, there's the option to create your own.Two final notes: I've not tried the multiplayer, but I've heard it's perfectly functional.  Also, some new users find the game very difficult, but that has not been my experience at all.  Holding out a planet against the AI can be done with ease, and the AI seems to always accept lengthy ceasefires. There are plenty of helpful guides out there that teach the fundamentals."
,Recommended,208140,1407129,"Posted: 29 June, 2013",all,gobbo,"Endless Space is really only recommendable if you can see over a few bugs. Lots of GUI glitches, quirky fleet controls, odd AI behaviour, sometimes even resulting in situations that can only be resolved by starting a new game.Behind the bugs, Endless Space is a solid turn-based strategy with an insane tech tree which not only has three zoom steps, but also a search box(!). It has a few base factions, each with their own design, but you can also create your own faction by picking an existing faction design. selecting an affinity, and picking perks to customise the game to your liking. Furthermore, the game is moddable, so with a bit of technical skill you can change the entire game around if you want.If you can excuse a few bugs, Endless Space is definitely worth looking at if you enjoy space strategy.Take a look at my screenshots for a few impressions."
76561198044270133,Recommended,208140,8670619,"Posted: 11 January, 2014",all,aidanpryde13,"I am a huge fan of Masters of Orion 2.  I eagerly anticipated Masters of Orion 3, but it left me disappointed.  In many ways, Endless Space is what Masters of Orion 3 should have been.  The graphic are very visually appealing.  I sometimes find myself just gazing upon my planets when I zoom into a system because they are so pretty.  Another plus is that you manage your empire primarily at the system level, rather than the planetary level, so you don't get bogged down managing build queues for several dozen planets.  However, despite this system focus, each planet does offer unique contributions to your empire.  The game allows you to create customer races in a manner similar to MOO2.  You also have the ability to create customer starships, although not at the same level of detail as MOO2.One of the games drawbacks is the combat.  You control combat at a very high strategic level, issuing just a few commands each round, and then twidding your thumbs and hoping for the best as the battle plays out in front of you.  There is a skill element to it, in that you have to try to pick a strategy that complements your fleet but also counters your opponent's strategy.  But often times this ends up feeling like a flashy game of rock/paper/scissors.Another drawback is that the victory methods seem very mathmatical.  For example, you win a diplomatic victory by making deals throughout the game.  Each deal contributes to a percentage that adds up over time.  Once you reach 100%, you win.  To me, this makes victory feel anti-climactic.  I can't help comparing it to games like Civilization V or even Masters of Orion 2, where a diplomatic victory can become a very exciting effort to accumulate enough votes to win an election.Ultimately, I would recommend this game, with two caveats.  1)  Unless you're super impatient, this game isn't so great that it's not worth waiting for a 50% or 75% off deal.  2)  If you are going to get it, buy it with the Disharmony expansion, which improves upon the base game a bit."
76561197971077036,Recommended,208140,9938181,"Posted: 26 April, 2014",all,Kingrat,"Being a fan of Science Fiction and Strategy games, I was intrigued when I saw Endless Space on Steam. Not only did it combine both of my favorite genres, but it was an indie game as well. So I decided to take it for a spin. Little did I realize that I would be sucked into a vibrant universe and asking my wife to allow me ""Just one more turn!""Endless Space plays like a standard 4X game. The player guides his race in gathering resources, researching technologies, building up a military force, and managing star systems in an attempt to conquer the galaxy. What sets this title apart from its peers is how it combines these elements together. First off, the game is easy to learn. This is because the interface is clean and very intuitive. Gone are the days of sifting through various menus to find out what something is and what you are working on. For example, if you want to see what you are researching, just click on the research button. You are then presented with an easy to read research tree with the current project highlighted. Also, if you are unsure what something is or does, just mouse over the item and it will tell you what it is. As with any game of this type, managing your far flung empire later in the game can get tedious. Amplitude Studios combats this problem in a unique way. When an event happens you are notified by a pop-up that will take you to the event when you click on it. If multiple events are present, this pop-up will remain until the player dismisses it or has addressed all the events listed. While this goes a long way to ease empire management, it does not totally resolve the problem. Later turns can still be long and drawn out while you deal with these events.The combat in Endless Space is where the game excels. The player can either have the computer resolve the battle automatically, or the player can take control and fight the battle. It is one of the few titles that I have played where tactics are essential. Do I send my fighters in first or do I bombard the enemy from a distance. Each choice affects not only if you are successful, but how many losses one sustains. The game also rewards players for using a mix of ship types. While yes, one could win a battle with a battle group composed of only battleships, but a ""combined arms"" battle group will make the battles quicker with less losses. This creates a world where each battle is different, and sometimes the ""weaker"" side will win.The only problem with Endless Space is that the factions are balanced too well. No matter what faction you play, you have some sort of built in counter that negates the other faction's abilities. At first this made the game really easy to play and but soon it can become monotonous. Most of the balance issues have been addressed with the Disharmony DLC and patches, but some of them still remain.Overall, I have to give Endless Space 9 out of 10 stars. This highly polished and easy to learn game has raised the standard for not only games from the 4X genre, but indie games as well. I highly recommend it to not only fans of the 4X genre, but new players as well. Just make sure to say goodbye to your friends and family before you play!"
,Recommended,208140,4051263,"Posted: 13 July, 2013",all,Tedford,A nifty little MOO derivative whose combat feels inspired by Civ.  It is a good game to play for those whom have a sporadic schedule driven by children.
,Recommended,208140,659195,"Posted: 7 January, 2013",all,Lpzie,it is a boring game that never ends and it goes on and on my friends.5/5
,Recommended,208140,8752215,"Posted: 18 January, 2014",all,Law_x22,"Seriously fun game, once you get used to the UI.  Literally Civilization V, but science fiction.  HUGE recommendation."
,Recommended,208140,8328553,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,Soverata,Super addictive.. i can play this game all day and not care about wasting a day on a video game. Civilization in space pretty much. The space combat is kinda hard to understand but in the end super fun.
,Recommended,208140,10991328,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,YerStank,Great turn based game its kinda like civilization in space
,Recommended,208140,884749,"Posted: 28 July, 2012",all,Meat Puppet,"In an alternate dimension, Krillin of the Z Fighters managed to make a wish upon the Dragonballs of Namek. Granted with Immortality, Krillin took use of his new Invulnerability to finally overshadow his friend and rival, Goku. After the eventual death of the Z Fighters, Krillin took to the stars, and after many battles and wars, eventually founded his own empire of likeminded warriors.Racial Power: There Will Always Be A Baldie - The Krillin Empire is administrated by a fleet of bald warriors and clerks, and Krillin himself takes an active role on the frontlines. This boosts morale, and saves the empire a ton on haircare products."
,Recommended,208140,13849809,"Posted: 5 January, 2015",all,ISUX,"At first the game is really romancing. Getting started and exploring vs risk and reward is something that is motivating. After you reach a certain level of fullness in the galaxy, which comes fairly fast on the largest maps, it becomes a game vs terrible A.I.. A.I. which is bent on its own destruction by sending weak fleets against your strategic positions until it builds up a strong enough one.Trade with tech is worthless, no one ever is willing to do a fair trade even when you are considered very close in relationship, an ally, etc. The trading screen is worthless outside of pounding down another civilization enough to offer peace with reassignment of their closest star systems. Other trade happens without effort.The battle system is unique and I found merit in it, but was disappointed by the repetitive nature of it. I could also exploit engineering cards to lose nothing and keep a steady rotation of heros and fleets repaired.I liked the update system for retrofitting my fleets.The ending... Well anti-climatic. YAY I GOT A REWARD CARD!!!!Felt like Master of Orion, but something is missing.There needs to be more mystery, more random events which involve the player late game. More hero dynamics and or relationship or options or what ever.I got the game on a deep sale.. If you like the idea of risk with your friends and have the ability to play this with several it would be a great game for that. But one player it doesn't have much pull for me to play it again. However I still think its a decent game, just not great. It seems to suffer from the late game boring side like the CIV series which I ADORE does."
,Recommended,208140,10671224,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,SpecialMike,"Endless Space is a fun Civilization clone set in space, so if you're a fan of the Civ series you will like this game too."
,Recommended,208140,10834430,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,Lew,Amazing Game
76561198044077976,Recommended,208140,17964805,"Posted: 9 September, 2015",all,Cthulhupie,I would suck amplitudes♥♥♥♥♥♥or equivalent genitals if I could.
,Recommended,208140,17347178,"Posted: 2 August, 2015",all,RewChamploo,"10/10 Exploits!*starts to lazily drift/float randomly into the air*Even though itdoeshave somewhat of a learning curve, it also has a very detailed and well descriptive tutorial (make sure you set your difficulty to ""Newbie"" to see it), also haswaymore to offer, gameplay and content-wise, than that ofS** Mi****'s St****ps(censored for copyright reasons) and has a very impressive colonization/expansion/civilization aspect to boot! With my planned future hours lost to playing more of this, I look forward to visiting the games dev site for the mod content provided by the true fans of ES. I for one, am very glad they put it up on sale, so I could catch it with my remaining monies in mySteam Wallet.The Only Con Amongst the Complete Pro That This Title Is:I now have absolutelyNOexistant social life and or social interaction outside of my homestead.*floats/drifts away lazily into the sky and vanishes*"
,Recommended,208140,15667099,"Posted: 3 May, 2015",all,Doos Ecks,"The amount of races in this game is amazing. There's sentient bacteria, sentient rocks (with DLC), sentient clocks, Halo forerunner sentinels, cyborg ants, space samurai, space monks, space clones, the greys, ""FOR THE EMPEROR!"", ""I am the emperor"".10/10, would purge all xenos againAlso, mind the learning curve"
76561198135547217,Recommended,208140,11190460,"Posted: 11 July, 2014",all,RSBlack,"Before I review this I believe a bit of my background as a gamer is needed. Among the first games I started playing were the Command & Conquer games (they were SO good, until Zero Hour.. Then it went downhill), so I have experience with fast paced RTS's. I also have sunk many hours into Alpha Centauri, which is more of a 4X/Civ building game. I have played games such as Rise of Nations, Empire Earth, Age of Empires, and many other Strategy games. Now I feel like I know a good Strategy game when I see one, and let me tell you this one of those good ones. Endless Space is a great game for those of you that are 4X/CIv Building fans (not so much for the faster paced RTS fans though you may still enjoy it with the game speed cranked up). If you liked Alpha Centauri, and games like it, you will likely love this game (it is not as in-depth compared to Alpha Centauri too). So far I have sunk 40+ hours into the game (playing on normal speed, so that's only been 1 completed game and 2 that I have yet to complete). I have only played as 3 races thus far. The Sowers have been my favorite of the ones I have played as, they seem the most balanced and have a great late game ship class. The other races I played as, the Siphons and Sherydn (not sure on the spelling of those two), didn't seem as well balanced but are still very playable. Graphically and soundtrack wise the game is great too. I have had a few minor bugs (ship health being displayed incorrectly and one of my fleets derping out) but they were not too bad. As I said, just minor bugs.Overall, it seems like a well put together game. If you're a fan of Alpha Centauri or games like it, get this for sure. I got the game on a Steam Sale, but I would have payed full price for it. It is well worth 30 dollars. Sorry, about the long review. Again, my main point is if you are a strategy fan and want a good space/sci-fi game then get this!"
,Recommended,208140,21684386,"Posted: 7 March, 2016",all,DC Malleus,"Endless Space is a game I turn to when I need a 4X palate cleanser. It's clean, thematically excellent aesthetic encapsulates a wide set of systems that can be enjoyed with as much or as little brainpower as you are willing to invest in any given play session. There are some idiosyncracies (the combat model is particularly contentious), but you are generally able to automate or ignore elements that don't gel with your personal tastes. If what you see and read about it appeals to you then dive in, but I would recommend waiting until  it drops under the $20 mark to be safe."
76561198084917893,Recommended,208140,20760808,"Posted: 25 January, 2016",all,Your Abusive Uncle,"Decent gameplay, great soundtrack.10/10 - Would murder Amoeba again"
76561198108349879,Recommended,208140,21660994,"Posted: 6 March, 2016",all,russkiyslayer,"Really enjoyable game, the only thing is that it takes a while to learn it. Once you get pass the learning phase it's real good (read forum posts on everything you are unsure about). I hope the second one will have just as good or better gameplay. It lacks a single player campaign which would make it an epic game, but the single player mode is still good (haven't tried multiplayer yet)"
76561198170239693,Recommended,208140,27304798,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,GameChanger,This game is easily one of the greatest 4X space games I have ever seen. In my opinion this game is almost worthless without the Disharmony DLC. I would reccomend this game when it's on sale.
,Recommended,208140,31221284,Posted: 18 April,all,Zarph1r,"REVIEW VERSION 1 (the long one; for the short one scroll down please):- Played on normal mode- My neighbour attacked me after a short while- I attacked him back- He decided to offer me FOUR of his planet systems if I stop attacking him- I agreed- Felt guilty so I just gave him a lot of my money- He seemed to feel guilty then, because he offered me valuable resources for nothing- I agreed- We became best friends and ruled the galaxy- Then I remembered that he had attacked me first...- ...and I broke all of our agreements...- ...and attacked him- He offered me TEN of his planet systems if I stop attacking him- I agreed...- ...but it turns out that he offered me ALL of his systems, so he basically wiped himself out...- ...lost my only friend ;-(--> Endless / 10__________REVIEW VERSION 2:- Bought the game for a buck- Felt good because I got it extremely cheap- Played it for a while- Played it some more- Cannot stop playing- Feel horribly bad because I bought the game so cheap.--> Write a review, imaging that a handful of people are reading it and then deciding to buy the game for regular price......hopefully I won´t feel so bad in near future anymore--> still Endless / 10"
76561197961364104,Recommended,208140,11385052,"Posted: 23 July, 2014",all,Thudler,"It's not unlike Sins of a Solar Empire mixed with Master of Orion 3, but much neater than MOO3 and weirdly enough faster to play through than both as well. The interface is neater, the ship building is neater, the AI isn't abitrary and random in its diplomatic decisions, and resource management is simple and easy to understand.It's just really neat guys okay?"
,Recommended,208140,8024678,"Posted: 12 December, 2013",all,Phlons,"one of the best space 4X games ever made, while some things may be missing (spys) the game does not suffer for it. this is a mondern day Master of Orion!"
76561198006565174,Recommended,208140,9937162,"Posted: 26 April, 2014",all,Pakthargus,"Spectacular game.  I have played singly and with friends and have thoroughly enjoyed myself.  If you are any kind of connoisseur of 4x games this is a must have!I applaud Amplitudes efforts for this creation.  I will be keeping an eye out for more from Amplitude,  Currently engaged with early access for Dungeon of the Endless and Endless Legend.  Look foward to more from them, they create a very entertaining game."
76561197967595104,Recommended,208140,284008,"Posted: 14 July, 2012",all,=GriFteR=,"Master of Orion 2 reborn, well..almost!"
76561197966382554,Recommended,208140,241349,"Posted: 15 July, 2012",all,λ Nova λ,"I'd reconmend thise to anyone who loves 4x space games. expect long hours of nursing your floundering civilization into an economic,military, scientific, or even dliplomatic power. However be prepaired for a bit of a leanring curve as the games fairly complex though it is worth it as the games very well flushed out and detailed."
76561198032970410,Recommended,208140,8891523,"Posted: 28 January, 2014",all,Maxwell Demon,"Civilization...but in SPAAAAAAAAAAAACE!!I love this game. It makes my♥♥♥♥♥♥hard. INVEST IN SCIENCE! Seriously, you can do anything with a lot of science. Science rules."
,Recommended,208140,4981144,"Posted: 9 May, 2012",all,Little Abigail,Good game.Buy it.
,Recommended,208140,13369751,"Posted: 14 December, 2014",all,SimR,Pros-Epic Space Cinimatic Battles-Fun Diplomacy features-Great Multiplayer-Customizable Space Ships-Auto-Build Ships-Can Create your own empire with its own traits-DLC add diffrent unqiue experiances not just keep little knock ups-Great Planning Required-Realistic Chances-AI are smart-Lots of galaxy Customization features-Very customizable difficulty-Easy to understand tech tree-Easy to go your own way (Not locked on a track)-Arm for a arm faction builder-AI tend to be able to beat the player-And more!Cons-Not free-Multiplayer can be hard to get into-Time consumming-Can be computer intensive-Can be hard to make a good ship
76561198027504150,Recommended,208140,3797824,"Posted: 26 April, 2013",all,fletchedit,"A solid spiritual successor to the original Master of Orion. Easy to lose track of time, and not always easy to know what to do next. Great fun."
,Recommended,208140,4148189,"Posted: 21 February, 2013",all,SqueakingShoebox,"Form alliances to reach a technological pinnacle and claim diplomatic victory across the stars, or horribly betray your allies later by amassing military strength and invasionary tactics. Space is the place!"
76561197979891349,Recommended,208140,837880,"Posted: 2 March, 2013",all,A IND | ThunderBear FGD,"A good game for thoose that likes a Civillization like game, even though I never was a fan of SciFi, this was a real fun game. Really underrated."
,Recommended,208140,211601,"Posted: 11 January, 2013",all,Kashaar,Easily one of the best and most well-balanced Space 4X games I've ever played. I can wholeheartedly recommend this to everyone interested in the genre!
76561198065926484,Recommended,208140,6420707,"Posted: 26 February, 2013",all,Acebrandon117,"If you like strategy game then you going to like endless space. It is similar to the civilization series. This game has multiple different factions to play as and what you can do in this game is you can make your own personal race. Colonize galaxies, research tech, conquer other races, discover new wonders and planets. On Endless Space."
,Recommended,208140,8465802,"Posted: 31 December, 2013",all,Thamuz Martu,"Visually beautiful and cool game, but not best 4x based Sci-Fi game, what I have had played. Still.. I recommend it for those, who like such games. :)"
,Recommended,208140,8519950,"Posted: 2 January, 2014",all,beamer91,Amazing game with lots of control and customization over your own civilization
76561198037893968,Recommended,208140,4484487,"Posted: 7 July, 2012",all,Famwise Gamgee,Game is EXTREMELY addictive and incredible. It's very similar to that Master of Orion feel with MANY improvements to the mechanic. There is a lot to learn but the way the game introduces you to things you never feel overwhelmed or stressed at how much there is to learn. It's an incredible game. Highly Recommended.
76561198001826588,Recommended,208140,10660687,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,Soloder,"A very good game, interesting combat system, a little hard to understand at first but pretty simple once you get the hang of it."
,Recommended,208140,8517339,"Posted: 2 January, 2014",all,WoofWoof,"This game rocks big time. You should buy it. I cannot think of another game in the 4X genre that delivers the same experience as Endless Space.The winning feature is multiplayer. Pitting your wits against other humans in 3-4 hour long sessions is not a joke. Don't be fooled -- you need patience to play this game. But every MP game is satisfying (esp when you are winning). Constantly thinking of how to outwit, how to expand, how to prepare for the eventual war.Reviewers who say that this game is ""souless"" did not play this game as it was meant to. Every race requires its own strategy and you need experience to tap on those.Thumbs up to the best 4X game in years."
,Recommended,208140,31189057,Posted: 16 April,all,Khada,"An excellent 4X game that's remnicent of the Civilization collection. At first glance, it was intimidating with all of the information that is thrown at you. However, play about 10 turns, click a lot of buttons, read the tech tree, etc. and the game starts to make sense. The pacing of it is excellent, and each achievement made in game (from levelling a hero to capturing star systems) feels very rewarding. I'm exciting to log more hours into this game, as well as playing its upcoming successor."
,Recommended,208140,98374,"Posted: 30 July, 2012",all,War-A-Tron,This is perhaps the best 4x game I have played. This is what MOO3 should have been
76561198008227484,Recommended,208140,8433780,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,samuariman225,"Great game! The invasion system is alot better and harder, of course I've been playing this game on hard since Disharmony but still feels better. The tech tree is improved alot due to all things military are now in one branch instead spread across all four branches."
76561197963252486,Recommended,208140,8303374,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,FluffyD,"Probably one of the better stratergy games out there. I've sinked many hours into this game, however havent actually won it all that many times. Branching out and claiming key wormhole entry points, then and using diplomacy can help to achieve an early claim on several systems, blocking access to those regions; however mid game - end game those moves can end up in a mess of wars and unhappyness within your people.Researh has 4 distinctive paths to follow, each allow for different progressions through the game. ?Getting the end will warrent a vitory on either path, however you need points in the others to actually do anything useful. There's no point choosing weapons if you dont have big enough ships or health to survice fights (gained by other research trees) likewise you wont have the fleets you desire unless you research other trees. Taking care of your people 1st and then worrying about diplocacy can oftern lead towards a clearer victory, however isolating yourself from the main fight can be all the more hazardous when others see you as the weeker species.I highly recomend this game if like me you've played civ (any of them) straight till completion. This game offers much of the same joys you'll experience with it.I'd recomend watching a few utube vids just to get an early feel for the game. however as on sale best you look it up asap."
,Recommended,208140,6523593,"Posted: 25 December, 2012",all,Reptar The Great,Best Strategy game you can find with tons of intresting mods
76561198027061204,Recommended,208140,10851280,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,Emoquit,"This is what Master of Orion 3 should have been. If you like Master of Orion 2, you will like this game."
,Recommended,208140,10835789,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,Codrew,"I dont have this game, but it looks cool."
76561198008150477,Recommended,208140,2489098,"Posted: 15 August, 2012",all,Garuda,great game with great depth
,Recommended,208140,6515311,"Posted: 9 January, 2013",all,Cevandri / DriVAnce,I just love 4X games and this is one of the best game. in  of course 4X games there are superior games but this game reaches the top when it comes to recently released 4X games.
,Recommended,208140,9952078,"Posted: 27 April, 2014",all,Sequ0ia,"Great Game. Although  it can be a bit difficult, this game is like a work of art!"
,Recommended,208140,1398331,"Posted: 19 May, 2012",all,68paul,- Your picture in our offices in Paris.ORLY?
,Recommended,208140,1138719,"Posted: 12 July, 2012",all,The Snacrifice,A surprisingly fun indie 4x space game.  INCREDIBLY good AI. They actually follow each factions 'personalities' worth the money to support a good developer.
76561197972960089,Recommended,208140,9110632,"Posted: 14 February, 2014",all,Bullet Sponge,"A fantastic 4X (eXplore, eXpand, eXploit, eXterminate) game in true Master of Orion fashion, this is the game that MOO III should have been.  If you love running an empire, conducting research, and crushing your enemy's fleets in cinematic space combat then you've found your new home.  With the depth and breadth of any Civ game, this will scratch that ""emperor among the stars"" itch.  Simply put: if you like 4X, this is the game for you."
,Recommended,208140,34716909,Posted: 3 September,all,RangerX3X,"Endless Space Disharmony is a very good turn-based 4X strategy game that is worth a look if you can get it on a Steam sale. There are multiple races (that are not carbon copies of each other), and a well-developed tech tree to research, as well as the standard variety of victory conditions.A normal speed game takes 300 turns and in that time, you can build up a fleet and score a military or other victory before the one with the most points at the end wins a score victory.The game can be a challenge on higher difficulties (of which there are many), however it can be played and saved frequently to spread a 300-turn game across several days or weeks if need be."
,Recommended,208140,7890459,"Posted: 2 December, 2013",all,DRUNK_CANADIAN,"Endless Space is endless fun! A game with both windows and osx support, Endless space is your standard galactic empire building ""turn based"" strategy game. It is pretty in presentation and relatively straightforward to get into, although it falls short in content. It offers a large variety of faction customization options and play styles although the game simply boils down to galactic conquest. The story and single player experience is virtually non-existent, and as such it is a game probably better played online. It is a moderately active community at the time of writing this, however it should be noted that games take several hours to complete and often players leaving or the game crashing can be a frustrating experience. Returning to the gameplay it is about planetary colonization, expansion, resource management and of course combat. The former is all quite self explanatory and is a little difficult to optimize without spending a couple hours of trial and error, the latter being the combat takes place in ship engagements in which your ships fight and you give orders in a series of phases, ultimately it is the orders that matter and the combat is essentially just a cutscene displaying the results of your combat selections. Overall a decent game, it is definitely a very niche game so unless you are familiar to this style of galactic conquest games it or are interested in seeing what they are all about, it is not for you. If that is your thing however Endless Space is a decent entry in the genre."
,Recommended,208140,90448,"Posted: 7 July, 2012",all,Hit-Monkey,Do you like space? Do you like turn based strategies? Do you like being able to conquer the galaxy?This is for you.
76561198000643091,Recommended,208140,8249450,"Posted: 24 December, 2013",all,CosmicOnion,"Endless Space tries to live up to the greatness of the Master of Orion 4x series while still retaining its own identity and lore.  It is a great game as seen by the many people who play it.  However, something is missing.  Perhaps some personality as you swoop in to see the individual planets.  There's no interaction with the population of a planet which I enjoyed about the original MOO series.  Building space craft is really fun though.  Good game overall.  Also, they come out with a lot of free content.  Can't complain about that in an age where paid content is planned before the completion of a game."
,Recommended,208140,31534439,Posted: 3 May,all,Concussion III,This game is the summary of the past 15 years of the middle east 8/10Story Time:Pilgrims (USA) were just minding their own business when radical Cravers (Al-queda) attacked their fleet.In response to this Pilgrims (USA) declares war on Cravers (Al-Queda).Pilgrims (USA) creates a huge force (which depletes he governments resources).Once the Pilgrims (USA) take over every square inch they try to invade Craver (Al-Queda) planets (take over oil supply)The United Empire (taliban) sees Pilgrims (USA) as a threat and declare warThe Pilgrims (USA) start to go into debt (2008 recession) and simply end the war (without gaining anything and losing a bunch of men)Cravers (now ISIS) is hungry for revenge and is constantly attacking Pilgrims (USA) and their allies Horratio (pretty much all of europe)
76561198019075494,Recommended,208140,27772741,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Chebeck,"Excellent example of the 4X subgenre. A bit weighted towards the research path, but otherwise relatively well balanced.More enjoyable than ES2 (Early Access).Nominated this for the ""Just 5 More Minutes"" award, since I've done ""I'll just do a few more turns..."" and ended up seeing 2am more than a few times."
76561198060210439,Recommended,208140,27809031,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Grimborne,"Overall: 9/10.One of the best 4X space games in my opinion. The visual and audio presentation is excellent, the UI looks good and works well. The strategic level gameplay is pretty generic, but it is competently done. The combat system is unique and innovative and I love watching fleets shoot each other up."
76561198032653970,Recommended,208140,28154698,"Posted: 2 December, 2016",all,gausscurve,I know I should like endless legends more but I allways fall back to this game It is hypnotic
,Recommended,208140,18714202,"Posted: 27 October, 2015",all,barrtender,"A good 4X game that has a lot of customization in the ships that you create. The style of creating weapons and defenses to counter the enemy is intriguing and fun. I come back to it every now and then when I feel like building up a civilization and crushing some easy bots. I'm not very good, but I like the game!"
,Recommended,208140,25887880,"Posted: 6 October, 2016",all,Dare,"Amplitude's debut title in their Endless series was a mindblowingly excellent start. I acquired the game after the Disharmony update, and I initally had trouble getting into the game. However, after a few hours of getting accustomed to the control scheme and pace of the game, I had no issues with dropping time into games with a friend."
76561198049236943,Recommended,208140,27488307,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,nashtar,"This is a decent 4x game. Reminds me both of Civilization and the old Master of Orion. If you like this, you should also check out the Amplitude's Endless Legend."
,Recommended,208140,31464684,Posted: 30 April,all,Hecksport,"The game starts off very interesting as you begin exploring the universe. At some point you can't move any further, and you probably don't really understand why. You either have to search the research tree to figure out what's going on, or look it up online.Then you get to your first battle and the cinematics are great, even for as few weapons as you currently have. Playing cards for three different phases of the battle is an innovative addition that was quite enjoyable. As the game goes on, the battles start happening very frequently and this cool system starts to become an annoyance. Luckily you can just quick select things, but even still, it can get tedious if you're doing it 5+ per round, every round.All in all it was a very fun game to play through once, but I don't know if I'll ever do it again. This would be a no question recommendation if I had played this before so many other games came out. Now I will only recommend it if you're looking for a cheaper 4x game and don't mind some of it being a little outdated."
,Recommended,208140,32881286,Posted: 27 June,all,[DiZ] FreedonNadd [-NL-],"Nice 4x game, reminded me of Master of Orion 2 and been playing ever since :-)"
76561198013251616,Recommended,208140,33749282,Posted: 23 July,all,Kael Darkwind,very fun and addicting game. im looking forward to the sequel
76561198042826327,Recommended,208140,35120854,Posted: 21 September,all,admiralWillyWilber,I think this is the closest game to galactic civilizations. I recommend this game.
76561197970546131,Recommended,208140,18688908,"Posted: 25 October, 2015",all,Supreme Primate,Nice mix of Civ and MOO.  Like the ship design process and the tech tree is deep but not overwhelming.  If you could mix in a bit of ground based combat it would be ideal.  Very high value.
76561198029939836,Recommended,208140,19593213,"Posted: 9 December, 2015",all,ironfist222,Great game! Think Rome: Total War quality - but with aliens and lasers. 10/10 would space again.
76561198033849424,Recommended,208140,20538197,"Posted: 15 January, 2016",all,"My Feets R Big, huh","I have played MOO and MOO2. This seemed like what MOO3 should have been. Accurate manipulation in ship combat is the only thing lacking in my opinion. I will continue to play this for years to come, as I have MOO2."
,Recommended,208140,27394385,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Hams,It's easy to lose track of time when playing this game. A little obtuse at times but it has a massive tech tree that gives you a ton of options for how you want to progress in the game.
76561197971985831,Recommended,208140,28031683,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Glacier,Endless Space 2 is out in early access already and I'm still playing this. This game hasn't aged poorly at all and there are still fun challenges and goals to find in it. Easy decision to buy if you are a fan of 4x or just space games in general. The factions backstories are interesting and unique too.
,Recommended,208140,28047396,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,Al-Knowang,"I'll be honest, I do this for the badge... BUTThe game really is amazing! The award should be called ""Just 5 More Rounds"" for Endless Space, but you get the point. I highly recommend all AMPLITUDE Games and it all started with this one here. Play it!"
,Recommended,208140,31247452,Posted: 19 April,all,Brynnium|ןור־ןב,"Very good feel, ambience, music, etc. It is a very good game overall as well, but it feels unfinished, or at least that the full potential has not yet been reached, as my next points will explain.  The game would benefit from more story content, or more developed culture for each race - we need something to increase immersion. And battles become very repetitive and predictable after a time. Managing planets and systems likewise can become redundant. Fortunately, there is an Endless Space 2."
76561198006844203,Recommended,208140,32377667,Posted: 12 June,all,AFlyingKangaroo,Very fun game. Need to get use to the tech tree a bit but aside from that detail it's a nice ride.
76561198063683648,Recommended,208140,7928765,"Posted: 5 December, 2013",all,eupawel,"★★★★★★★☆☆☆7.6/10 made in unity, I play without DLC and it seems be too simply if we compare with eg. civilization iv, but with more contest, it seems to be a good choice :)"
76561198088370482,Recommended,208140,18824885,"Posted: 1 November, 2015",all,CowboysD257,"Endless Space offers another look on a 4X genre. It was confusing at first glance, but the variety of all the playable races plus the ship customization is something that has kept me entertained and playing."
,Recommended,208140,31268099,Posted: 20 April,all,Rikimaru Parks,"I expected to this game to be super complicated and boring.I'm new to the 4K genre and was suprised to find that this game was neither of the above.It is very accessible, taking me a short amount of time to get my bearings.I like customization in games. Here you can rename fleet and systems, design and build different types of space ships and create your own faction based of those already in game!The effects, sound and graphics are awesome too."
,Recommended,208140,31761491,Posted: 14 May,all,Baron Piedmont,This is a great game that listens a lot to the community. It plays great on lower running PC's and still look beautiful!.
,Recommended,208140,20769613,"Posted: 26 January, 2016",all,FooBar,Probably the best modern space 4X there is.
,Recommended,208140,21578139,"Posted: 1 March, 2016",all,Mr. Peanutbutter,"Incredible turn based strategy game with clever mechanics like designing your own units, tech web, 3 phase combat."
,Recommended,208140,22910362,"Posted: 11 May, 2016",all,KLAYZEN,"Perhaps the best modern 4x game, and one of the most unique and interesting universes out there (the whole Endless series really).  The wait for Endless Space 2 is excruciating."
76561198062944537,Recommended,208140,27115727,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,mask,Great sountrack. Nice world generation engine which you can adjust a you like. Gameplay is differ depending on your fraction. Overall it's a great game!
76561197991426173,Recommended,208140,27445415,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Kerudim,Hervorragendes Spiel das Fesselt und taktischen tiefgang bietet :-)
,Recommended,208140,33192649,Posted: 3 July,all,Chris,The game has a lot of potential. They need to change the UI. The concept is good though. Recommending for motivation towards the developers.
76561198373967815,Recommended,208140,33292266,Posted: 5 July,all,Satan-Senpai,"Endless Space: Collection and vanilla game is an awesome in-depth Turn-Based Strategy game that really pushes me to develop short term,mid term and long term game plans  and economic exapnsion/growth when amidst galactic conquest. being one who has had their hands in similar games such as Supreme Commander I already had some experience with large turn based strategy games and how to go about managing my fleets,troops, economy and system growth. However, this game opens up new learning curves as it isn't as forgiving as Supreme Commander when the AI is competing against you, which is honeslty fine! because then it wouldn't be as fun or as addicting to play. I recommend this game to anyone who is a fellow fan of Sci-fi action/adventure, strategy and turn based games that revolve around economic and systematic growth management.The funnest part is cucking those empires whose lore is threatening or dark and making them your slaves, can't help but laugh when they approach my fleets with a space battle and end up getting their forces rekt and their control over planets taken away. fun game and funner with friends."
76561198055472843,Recommended,208140,5834394,"Posted: 14 April, 2013",all,of Anwyl (Adv_Blitz),"Excellent game, beautiful design and custom factions are awesome."
76561198026815385,Recommended,208140,19167435,"Posted: 19 November, 2015",all,Delphy,"a very interesting and fun 4X a,e. each faction has unique characteristics, enough to really develope different playstyles. the customization of player made races hearkens back to MoO 2, and is greatly enjoyable. the only thing that i would say detracts from the game is the same thing that detracts from all games of the fenre. eventually you get to the point of mastering how to outplay the AI consistently, and each game tends to end up either being a wait-fest if you're going for a non-military victory, or a stomp fest where your superior fleets slowly roll over your opponents.overall i'd reccomend the game to any 4X lover, because it is a leader of its kind. and while the battles can be simple, they can be beautiful to watch, especially from the perspectives of fighters, without slowing down even moderately powerful computers."
76561198077494965,Recommended,208140,19843854,"Posted: 22 December, 2015",all,Ice,A great game for any SCi-Fi fan.
76561198053534129,Recommended,208140,20495041,"Posted: 12 January, 2016",all,Adenn™,"A really fun game, took a bit of getting used to as I skipped the tutorial but after getting trounced once it became a wonderful experience. One I look forward to continuing"
,Recommended,208140,27323983,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Zyyn,"It is basically civ in space. For people who like Space/Sci-Fi this is there answere to civilization. The developers are very close with the community in developing their game.Its not without flaws, the AI could have been better for people who focus solely on playing verus AIs. This is true for every game though.The biggest thing standing out from any AMPLITUDE games are their intuitive UI, which is very police and it just feels very fluent.The graphics and art is very nice and pleasent, but not that varied, but that is to be expected from a space game. There is not much going on with big lumps of rocks :)All in all, its a well polished 4x game with a space setting."
76561197992738634,Recommended,208140,27794214,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Kryton,"This is a great 4x Stragegy Game. The spaces can be a bit repetative but you can easily just click auto so you don't have to sit through it. Building your own ships is interesting, and the AI works well."
76561198094284724,Recommended,208140,31256109,Posted: 20 April,all,Duckin Little,"This is a great game that is essentially civ but in space. It's more fun playing with friends but singleplayer is still fun. There are many ways to win so you dont have to destroy all civilations to win. The battle system is annoying and boring unless you are good at it. Anyways here are the pros and cons.Pros:-Very fun and doesnt get boring as the game continues-Many different ways to win-Many empires with different agendas and abilities-Planet conilization is realistic as well as technologiesCons:-War is boring and difficult-You have to learn the ability to trade even though that's a primitive technology-You cant control how much you tax certian systems but just your whole empire-Almost every kind of planet makes people unhappy making you lose support quicklySo overall even though there are many annoying parts of the game, I still beleive it is worth it."
76561198059637432,Recommended,208140,10734546,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,YBTHEKING,"Take it from a life long gamer, this is just great, that is plain & simply what it is!Look for Endless Space 2, that´s gonna be a ""MAJOR-GRAND-ULTIMATE"" game!!! I think you can still get Endless Space 2 in ""Early Access"" if you are quick, but even at full price it will be well worth your hard earned cash..!Give this developer a go and put your trust in this game title, both 1 & 2 is a sure buy ;)Endless Space 1 was and still is great! But I am sure that the second edition of the game will be no less than LEGENDARY when fully developed :)"
,Recommended,208140,19805925,"Posted: 20 December, 2015",all,Y23Y,"This game... lets just say before the review starts, I recommend this game. It is worth the money.Okay, the first time I played I played this game, was around the first time I started using steam. It was one of those free for the weekend deals. I tried it out. Its more than just the gameplay. Basically, one of the themes of this game (I personally feel) would have to be space. The music adds to that theme, the descriptive writing adds to it, the whole game gives off this awe inspiring mood to it. Not just it being epic, or cool, or relaxing. Whenever I play this, no matter how many times, I always feel like there is so much more to try to get at.You are put on a random system in a randomly generated map type of your choosing. The other factions are also placed randomly. I can honestly say I have never gone through a game the same way twice. The ships are fully customizable except for their appearance.When you play this game, it should come across your mind on how big the map is. You're not just in a solar system, you're in a galaxy. Your fleets are traveling to other systems, almost impossibly far away to imagine. The developers somewhat increased the size of the systems just so we can see these points. In reality, we wouldn't see anything from how far away the view is.This game is awe-inspiring, fun, and overall a great game."
,Recommended,208140,32146506,Posted: 3 June,all,Lamrett,"Writing a review in response to the shock of seeing recent reviews for this gem are mixed... Because it seems kind of evident from reading the negative reviews that a lot of the gripes people have with the game stem from it just not being their kind of game. Lots of complaints regarding pacing and complexity and other things that are part and parcel of the game and if you're not up for that, you're not going to enjoy this game, they aren't faults."
,Recommended,208140,33025009,Posted: 29 June,all,iiTifako but spooky,"Not like the Civilization series so if you think it's gonan be easy, back off bub"
,Recommended,208140,31781568,Posted: 15 May,all,haplo127,great 4x game if you want to play the ai.desyncronization issues make multi-player basically worthless
,Recommended,208140,33080503,Posted: 1 July,all,Vazok,"Steep Learning curve, but fun. Very fun."
76561198121973827,Recommended,208140,19175292,"Posted: 20 November, 2015",all,Darkbananaa,Really good first time i played this i was on it dfor 9 hours strait so addictive
76561198136718425,Recommended,208140,19413039,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,Vault112,"I am a big fan of strategy games and I particularly enjoy the space 4X if done well. This one reminds me of some real old school ones where I enjoyed a nice research tree and was able to pick or 'create'  a race that fits my style the best. They managed to strike the right balance between micro má agent, customization and automation. I still have some races I would like to try out and achievements to reach and I plan to do so at least until Endless Space 2 comes out."
,Recommended,208140,20125121,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,Mefioo9,"One of the best Sci-Fi 4X strategy I've ever played. Beautiful graphics, amazing, deep music, interesting races."
,Recommended,208140,20126945,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,Slag Punch,"Wonderful game that can take a while to adjust to it's indepth systems, the tutorial doesn't really cover EVERYTHING about the game, I find new stuff every time I launch it.10/10 would stay up all night again"
,Recommended,208140,20150904,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,justint1420,"This is an Excellent game with incredible graphics and a variety of different options to choose from. If you like strategy and scifi, then here is your game. Thoigh there is no specific story mode, you are the story. You get to choose to either unite the galaxy in peace and cooperation, or conquer it under your own flag. Each race to choose from has unique affinities that can make every game different, as well as the create your own race option. So for such a small price, you can enjoy hours of scifi space action... LONG LIVE THE UNITED EMPIRE!"
,Recommended,208140,20529308,"Posted: 14 January, 2016",all,TacticalTruth,"Endless Space: There is ONLY WAR-- except when there isn’t - Hyper Abridged edition(I've played like nine hours of Endless Space despite Steam insisting I've only played five.)Like its terrestrial based cousin, Endless Space is a 4X game by Amplitude; with tons of character, great artwork, and a badass level of scale that really pulls everything together in a nice package.Also like almost every other 4X game I’ve played it’s obtuse and it makes me cry. Jokes aside, I do really like the 4X genre... But for some reason I seem to have poor luck with them. Even when I seemingly do everything right, something goes wrong. But, such is life- right? As a wise Space Captain once said,“It is possible to commit no mistakes and still lose. That is not a weakness; that is life.”I feel like that sums up my time so far with Endless Space. Except the mistakes part, I’m sure I made a lot of those. And while losing isn’t a bad thing, it’s certainly a bitter pill to swallow. Especially when you’re boxed into the eastern arm of a spiral galaxy and one hundred fifty galactic years of bitter and vicious war only let you expand your borders by one system, because the giant Space Amoebas swoop in and steal your hard fought systems out from under you with their super stupid advanced technology…...This review is WAY too long to post on steam, it literally won't let me! so if you like what you've read so far head on over to100hoursave.comto read the rest!http://wp.me/p4gn9l-ilmore specifically.But I think it should go without saying, this game is dope as hell and you should buy it."
76561197994899103,Recommended,208140,22071234,"Posted: 26 March, 2016",all,Social,"Only think I felt was missing was the end game miniturization you could do Master of orion 2. While usually completely pointless, there were certain scenarios where having it made for fun games and builds. It also didnt fell pointless once you expanded all of the tree."
,Recommended,208140,24300352,"Posted: 13 July, 2016",all,Sarah Hawke,"Not an expert on the genre of 4x by any means, but I enjoyed the music, the alien races (nice writing) and trying my best to spread my demon arm-- happy nice race across the galaxy."
76561198017156639,Recommended,208140,26060607,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,Tonic1080,"Great game for when it was made. A ""classic"" in regards to standards it set and what mechanics it developed for those space sims that soon followed.I always want to play one more turn."
,Recommended,208140,27612432,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,david_c,"A great game after the like of Galactic Civilizations, but with a bit narrower focus. It's a turn-based game of exploration, colonization, and occasionally combat that is not unlike Civilization in space. As you scout from your starting system you find additional solar systems connected by jump lanes, and you settle the planets in these systems and build upgrades on them to increase your resources and influence. Like GalCiv, the combat is a largely un-interactive rock-paper-scissors affair that has been expanded since the original release to allow a bit more flexibility. You customize your ships with a few categories of weapons, defenses, and other bonuses; ideally you create fleets that counter the technologies being fielded by your enemies. The progression is much like other turn-based strategy games, and victory can be achieved by expansion, conquest, or research. The pace of this game is generally slow, and it is well matched with an amazing soundtrack with ambient instrumental songs."
,Recommended,208140,31446556,Posted: 29 April,all,Tyrant of Troy,"That Master of Orion 2 itch is finally getting scratched! Where so many others have failed to carry the torch in my opinion, Endless Space takes it and runs! It's true turn based strategy with semi real time tactical battles. You can design your ships, which is great fun, and designing well allows you to wipe the floor with enemy fleets of similar mass and cost. The technology tree is daunting at first, but you get the hang of it after a while: be prepared to do a lot of keyword searches using the handy search field. My only gripe is the appalling tutorial screens. Skip them and just watch a tutorial or two on youtube instead!"
,Recommended,208140,35515767,Posted: 6 October,all,DrZedicus,"I was checking up on this game because I'm considering buying the 2nd one and they've given me the dlc for free, kudos to the devs"
76561198118312217,Recommended,208140,20028198,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,Defenestrator,"From all 4X games that I have played, Endless Space captures the feel of ruling over a galactic empire best.My favorite element of the game is how solar systems work as a whole, and with every system consisting of different numbers and types of planets, with different anomalies and wonders, gives every system you colonize some kind of 'character'. I love getting immersed in the feeling of space exploration and being challenged by every new system. You have to ponder 'Should I colonize this system right now, or wait until I've researched more terraforming technologies? Should I specialize it as an industry system, or use it for economy and research? Is building this huge, expensive improvement worth it, or should I stick to the smaller improvements in this system?'.The other side of this feeling is that the things you do in this game are at the macro-strategy level. You don't build single buildings on planets, you build improvements for the whole solar system. You don't manage single trade routes, you build trade improvements in systems, and the trade routes will automatically connect your systems with those of other civilizations you are at peace with, in the most profitable way. You don't tell every single ship in a battle where to move, you set fleet formations at the beginning of a battle, and choose general strategies (Things like 'weapon overclock', 'camouflage', 'sabotage', 'repair', and many more) and aiming patters ('spread fire', 'concentrate on one enemy' etc.) for each battle phase (Long-Range, Medium Range, Melee Range), and aside from that, can't influence the course of battle.Many players criticize this, but I have the impression that this is part of the narrative, and implementing micro-management options would rather hurt the game flow. In this game, you are responsible for the grand strategies, and this is reflected in the mechanics.Other elements of this game that are important for my recommendation, personally:- All of the factions are interesting and have a ship style that fits them well- The music, made by FlyByNo, is magnificent! It enhances the game greatly.- The User Interface is amazingly clear and elegant. With 4X games generally being complicated, this makes Endless Space significantly more beginner-friendly and comfortable to play."
,Recommended,208140,26945433,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Jaejatae farmskins.com is lame,"4X Explored to the most. In this game you play as an empire trying to survive and dominate the galaxy with and against very interesting and unique races. You can create your very own faction and use it to play alone or withfriendsenemies.Every turn makes you want to play just one more, until you end up playing 100 more and 2 more matches, and is already morning and you have to go to work."
,Recommended,208140,27513837,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Geezuz,"I would play this game all day, every day, if it weren't for Horatio (and life)"
76561198060433751,Recommended,208140,27881240,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,xeen313,Game is dated but I still play here and there. If you can get it on sale chekc it out!
76561198269340927,Recommended,208140,31288833,Posted: 21 April,all,vlsky,"This game was the first of its kind for me. As far as I know, before it there were similar games and after it there. They have a lot of similarities. Some are better and some are worse. But this game was the first for me and I got great pleasure playing.In my opinion, the comparison with Stellaris is unfair. This game came out much earlier. If someone prefers to choose only one game in the genre, well OK. But somehow people still play Heroes of Might & Magic III. For example."
76561198079211598,Recommended,208140,33176369,Posted: 3 July,all,La Rhesus,This game is awesome. It has his very own complexity and deepness that make it playable a thousand time again and again.The only con so far that I have found : Nobody in my crew love 4X :(
,Recommended,208140,25880783,"Posted: 6 October, 2016",all,Jump,It's really good. More suited as an entry level 4x.
,Recommended,208140,31512839,Posted: 2 May,all,Sirtag,"Quite difficult to learn (I skipped some tutorial messages accidentially!), but after you learned it a bit, it gets very exciting already. I only played 10 hours and I am still in the first game - so I assume that there is even a bit more to discover!Still: one has to like this genre, I guess. It's strategy and micromanagement. Also nice soundtrack (and I say it, while I am a person who disables music in nearly every game ... maybe a habbit of my profession as a composer)!"
76561198108107409,Recommended,208140,20210467,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,Hathway,"So far, I am enjoying this game. I really like builder games and especially outerspace ones. There is a little bit of poish missing, such as clearing the options in diplomatic negotiations, or having a button to push to see what the other faction might find acceptable. Also, when they offer a deal, there is no way to negotiate it; you either accept it or reject it. Civilization IV is probably best at diplomacy.There is good skill tree to learn, and good options for building and customizing your ships and fleets.I would like more info available, such as defensive details per planet/system, that sometimes is missing, but I don't find that a major setback.Overall (especially on sale!) it's a good game to play!"
,Recommended,208140,31736241,Posted: 13 May,all,ClusterNova,"This game is simply awesome. I love RTS games, but I don't really like turn-based strategies. They are just too slow for me. My friend told me let's give it a try, it's only 1 euro. So I thought why not? And boy, this game is awesome. It takes a few games to get used to the interface, controls and the mechanics of the game, but then you won't be able to stop playing. You sit down at 8 pm and look at the clock at 4 am wondering how did the time pass so fast.The mechanics are cool, the ""RTS-like"" turn-based solution is really awesome. You don't have to wait for eternity until the other players finish their turn. And with an end turn timer, turns get quite fast. I like the expansion style gameplay, and the combat system. Factions are highly customizable, so is the map generation. There are tons of settings, which increases the replayability.Summary:Pros/Things i like:-Turn solution is awesome-UI is very simple yet very effective-Gameplay mecanics are great-Music of the game is mesmerising-AI can be quite challenging-Galaxies are beautiful-Nice combat system-Enjoyable even alone-many more that doesn't come to mindCons/Things that I don't like:-Game gets quite laggy when most empires have many fleets and systems-Multiplayer games tend to freeze quite often. People say it's already fixed but it's an urban legend. With the right 'end turn timing' it can be avoided but still it's quite annoying (it happens about every 75-100 turns). It requires the game to be restarted. Luckily, the game saves every turn (up to 4 auto-save slots) but still it's frustrating-Allied victory would be really nicetl;drI highly recommend this game, even at full price. If it's on sale and you are thinking about buying it, I think you really should go for it. Some people dislike it, and find it boring, but it's up to personal taste a little bit."
,Recommended,208140,32168263,Posted: 3 June,all,Reichskanzler Otto von Bismarck,"One of the best 4X games I have played. The environment is excellent, and while there are a few quirks and a general lack of diversity in assets, the game is good. Disharmony is much better, fixing many of the bugs and mistranslations in the original."
76561197971930308,Recommended,208140,20416693,"Posted: 9 January, 2016",all,murukman,nice game...like it. But takes time to get to know how to play.
,Recommended,208140,27108854,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Lelling,"This is definitely one of my favorite 4X games, and a good intro to anyone who's interested in 4X games. It follows fairly simple mechanics of expansion, warfare, research, trade and diplomacy, and it's definitely the kind of game I'd recommend to anyone who likes space & 4X games :DThe races also offer a nice variety of different approaches to the game, and I've found seeking out any of the available victory conditions a very fun experience.The soundtrack is also amazing - I use it as my work soundtrack and have probably listened to it alone more than I've played the actual game :PIt looks nice, it plays nice, it sounds nice, overall an enjoyable experience. Also, it goes on sale a lot :P"
76561197973115718,Recommended,208140,27893953,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Drellban,"Endless Space is easily the best space 4x I've ever played.  The diversity between factions is broad enough to allow for interesting replays without being so different as to be unbalanced.  Planet management is on the complex-but-reasonable side.  Ship design and development is fantastic and detailed, yet not micromanagerial.The integration of the components of the rest of The Endless series gives this a compelling universe as a backdrop, and you can easily imagine how an escape pod from one of your fleet became the explorers in Dungeon of the Endless or how one of the uncolonized planets you uncover could be the one you're developing in Endless Legend.Highly recommended as long as you don't mind spending hours playing ""one more turn."""
76561198010761206,Recommended,208140,27951846,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,ab12,"This is one of the few 4x games I own. When I bought it, I was primarily looking for an entertaining space-themed game with cool battles, which is exactly what I got. It is worth mentioning, that I don't play this game on the higher difficulties which means that this review might not reflect the experience of those who do play on higher difficulties. I do believe that the game can become a bit boring in the mid- to lategame unless the focus lies on military expansion. The boredom will, however, be mitigated by learning technologies that allows for further colonization of different planet types. Furthermore, wars can, in my experience, become tedious since they easily become very focused on production and the mangement of damaged ships.On a final note, I want to mention a couple of positives. Besides from the beautiful combat cinematics, there are two things that I particularly enjoy about the game. Firstly, it is the advisors. These people, of all species, will aid the empire they are working for with their special skills and they can be specialized according to the players prefference. Secondly, I found the different species and the customization to be a fun factor. Mostly because it feels like the species are played differently from each other, and that they often have noticeable boons, and in some cases even drawbacks. I like the ability to create a new species, but the customization options are somewhat limited and it often feels like it is restricted to what already exists.In the end, I'd probably recommend this game, especially if it is on sale."
,Recommended,208140,31189009,Posted: 16 April,all,sKiaWeV,"I got this game for £1.00... THAT IS CRAZY. This game is incredibly detailed and has an immense amount of content and replayability. If you are familiar with the Civilization style of gameplay you will without a doubt enjoy this game. After playing my first 2 games I already feel like i have to grips with the basics of the game and am excited to learn to play better. I believe that this game has gameplay down greatly and is very enjoyable. It also has a very beautiful simulation of battles that i believe is very interesting to watch if you like that kind of stuff (I most certainly do!). This is overall such a solid game and although the graphics may at first glance not seem too pleasing they actually really start to grow on you and it is very good game for those interested in a single player space strategy game. If you are interested in in depth on how the game is multiplayer-wise then look at another review because I cannot give a accurate representation of this aspect of the game since it is not really my cup of tea.Brilliant game, well worth a look at."
76561198067519990,Recommended,208140,19038163,"Posted: 12 November, 2015",all,drakesup,"Excellent game. I would recommend if you like 4x.Pros: Empire management is done well. Many system upgrades have limited types of planets it can effect, So may not be useful or of limited use on certain systems. I like the race customization, it really gives you many options for your play style.Cons: Battle system is horrible because it uses a card game system, no tactics or picking targets. Battles tend to be heavily affected by rng. I would prefer a combat system where you can control your ships. Also taking over a star is too simplistic, it can take a very long time if the enemy keeps throwing ships at you since you can not siege a star until all ships are cleared. AI is not that smart, the difficulty levels only affect AI bonuses and player handicaps. The enemy often mass produce cheap/crappy ships and fleets can only attack 1 time per turn....so even if you fleet is super good you can still attack 1 time. The AI will often have like 30-80 junk fleets ( depending on game difficulty) and can become quite tedious to fight them all. Not to mention the AI keeps sending more junk fleets and can really prevent you from capturing a system. Research tends to scale on cost per tier, so if you skip some research you can get it easily when you are 2+ tiers from it....no reason to skip any research only stall till later when they become really cheap; This really leaves  you with a boring way to choose research the same way every game.I was tempted to give this game a 5, but the AI and combat system are just too poorly made. I hope that in Endless Space 2 they address these issues. I would have also liked to see more types of ships, weapons and customization; it would be better if there were different types of lasers, for example that would have different strengths/weakness instead of just getting the same basic laser with more damage."
,Recommended,208140,9597614,"Posted: 22 March, 2014",all,zigrat00,"Strategic combat? Tech trees? Fleet command? IN SPACE?! SIGN ME UP!!!!But in all seriousness this a feature rich, tactical game set in a beautifully realized science fiction landscape. The feel of the gameplay is not unlike a game of civilization only with more tactical depth especially in the economics of cities (solar systems, in this case) and combat. If you enjoy a deep and challenging strategy game that has a bit of a mean streak (especially if you're willing to put in a bit of time to learn the system) then Endless space might just be for you."
76561198043376015,Recommended,208140,19302814,"Posted: 26 November, 2015",all,sjai47,"So many hours in this game, so much fun had. If you like space + min/maxing, BUY THIS GAME.Okay seriously the diplomacy is crap and combat is hit or miss, but everything else is amazing. I could listen to the music for hours....which I obviously have."
,Recommended,208140,19556825,"Posted: 7 December, 2015",all,Murmis,One of the better node-map space strategy games.
,Recommended,208140,21148949,"Posted: 12 February, 2016",all,HeadShot,"Endless mix of Sins of solar empire and Civilization game. And A FINE mix.+ : graphics, gameplay, custom civilization, one of the BEST ARTWORKS I have ever seen (and I love them), amazing ideas (ship design, wonders), terraforming, replayability (if that's a word), multiplayer, mods- : AI (but I didnt mind), no campaign (Thank you MTB-Fritz ^^), I kept forgeting where my ships are, what to do next, what did I do..In overall, great game. Approved. 8/10 would space again"
,Recommended,208140,31247449,Posted: 19 April,all,A Q U A V I V A,This is a great game and tbh its totally worth of trying.
,Recommended,208140,19402755,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,Sound Rules,A stellar turn based strategy game with a lot of content. It's an easy game to sink a lot of hours into because of it's depth. Can be somewhat hard to learn and its tech tree is really hard to navigate but once you figure it all out it's not too bad.Overall a really solid strategy game with superb replay value.
76561198355629522,Recommended,208140,31513791,Posted: 2 May,all,terno171,"Really good space - strategy game, takes lots of time, and it gives lots od fun!!! :)"
,Recommended,208140,31804605,Posted: 17 May,all,Jin,"Video Review:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=twl7oI9MgboWith the release of the Endless Space 2 later this month I decided to revise and review its predecessor. It has been almost 5 years since the release of the first Endless Space and it's remarkable how the game can still hold up as a great game even so many years later. The gameplay is very addicting and although it might not have a tutorial level or scenario it displays all the information that the player needs, when the player needs. If you never played a game of this magnitude you might feel lost at first because there is so much to manage, so many options and so much strategic depth but learning and discovering all the little things and systems that this game has to offers is part of its fun.Taking the 4X turn-based strategy to outer space, Endless Space expands on the genre's recipe and with its 8 different victory conditions the game really incites the player to try multiple strategies and approaches. The battle system is very simplified but it has a good depth to it. Most of the strategy here comes before the battle itself from optimizing your ships depending on the resources you have and trying to predict your opponent's strategies and weapons.In terms of civilizations Endless Space offers a good variety. Some are human-like, others mechanical and others more alien. And they all play differently, with unique differences like the ability to colonize all planets right from the start or the ability to leave your system and migrate to other planets. A nice touch is that each civilization has it's own ship designs. In the overworld there isn't much to speak off in terms of graphics since the game aim for a simplistic ""holographic style"". The plot is quite absent but Endless Space does offer unique lore to each of the civilizations. This lore is delivered through a little cinematic that install the right mood and mindset for understanding that species backstory and playstyle.• Last ThoughtsEven today Endless Space is a game that can hold up as the simplistic graphic style doesn’t show its age and the strong gameplay provides for many hours of engagement and entertainment. The unique concepts, the great array of available and uncommon civilizations and the multiple victory conditions make replaying the game feel non-repetitive and that’s something that Endless Space really relies on since it doesn’t have a campaign or story mode. This is one of my favorite 4X games until now and I’ll be looking forward to the release of Endless Space 2 later this month."
,Recommended,208140,33008274,Posted: 29 June,all,Galvatron,Opened tech tree. It was endless.
76561198043893008,Recommended,208140,31752280,Posted: 14 May,all,Cake-Is-A-Lie,"to be honest: it's my very first 4X-Space game,so i don't have much experience in that genre; but overall impression are quite good - but be aware that it's this kind of homework-the-game games where after 6h you'll start to understand game mechanics (something like civilization's) and before that you're just mashing buttons and trying to understand what are you doing - so undoubtedly in age of MOBA's - RTS with one unit; and victory march of FPS/shooters/RPGs it's quite complex and tricky onenevertheless the biggest flaw of endless space is it's ""lack-of-charm"": in other - better - strategies: turn based or RTS, fractions usually have some kind of charm to them: Heroes V: with demons/dwars/humans/elfs/academy/etc - all fractions were unique and memorable; C&C RedAlert3 with cheerfully-stiupid story and over-the-top russian-japan-USA war; both Blizzard's WarCraft and StarCraft; *list goes on*here you won't find that: fractions are similar you have short intro at the start of game describing fraction you picked; but tech-trees are same, and they differ just in empire-wide bonuses, starting tech, and ships (btw Vaulters with their abilty to teleport fleets between thier systems seems for me OP and better pick then any other fraction).so in the end one can feel like it's excel-sheet not video game.all that said, i'd still recommend this game - i enjoy it - tho maybe 'cause i don't have much comparison to other 4X-Space games."
76561198008489191,Recommended,208140,19001441,"Posted: 10 November, 2015",all,BushmeatBBQ,An excellent 4X strategy game and one of my few go to games.
76561198007282680,Recommended,208140,20550701,"Posted: 15 January, 2016",all,dajarvi,"I only have 35.7 hours on record, but I played offline for over 500 hours.  This game is a rock for 4k.  Can't wait for the second to come out!"
76561197972540233,Recommended,208140,20775509,"Posted: 26 January, 2016",all,Pr1moboy,"One of the best games ive played if you like 4x stratagy and space themed games you will love this. Has taken a long time to understand all the workings of the game properly but i learnt without the tutorial and doing no research online. Visuals are nice, and the exploration of the game is particularly good. Its great discovering all the remnants of the endless and finding out what they do.  Replay factor is good mainly due to the fact that each time i started a new game there was still tons to do and discover.Great game!"
76561198163990101,Recommended,208140,32828003,Posted: 26 June,all,Rickieboss,Amazing. Just amazing.
,Recommended,208140,32964556,Posted: 28 June,all,Moskat,"It hasn't depth as other endless games but it's still worth playing it, although if you can, get it on a sale."
,Recommended,208140,8826675,"Posted: 23 January, 2014",all,SCAARR,"Endless Space was a treat to play with only very minor complaints. First off, the game isgorgeous. The universe, planet, and ship designs all look great. It's the type of game that can withstand the test of time with solid and seamless graphics. There areelevendifferet factions to choose from ( twelve with the disharmony expansion) . All with beautiful ships and diverse attributes. Oh, and they are all fully customizeable. Or you can simply upload your own artwork and create something completely new.The gameplay was solid and addictive. As someone who doesn't have much experience in complicated strategy games, i found Endless Space to be gentle yet still retaining a good depth. Mostly due to how they distribute the rules and mechanics. It's setup so only once you come across a new mechanic does it give you a run down, rather than having some long tutorial thrown in your face.The game is also challenging, but only if that's what you want. It hassevendifferent difficulties (Newbie, Easy, Normal, Hard, Serious, Impossible, and Endless ). The A.I. was great and constantly kept me on my toes. Not to mention there are random events and anomolies to keep things interesting. If that isn't enough for you then make your game public for online play. Multiplayer will add a refreshing mix and can get remarkably personal.My negative issues with the game are mostly superficial. There are still a few subtle bugs but they really don't disrupt any gameplay or immersion. During the battle phase there is only one song...onesong. Although it was obviously meant to perfectly go along with the match rounds it can get annoying after the 20th or so time...because there arealotof battles depending on how you play ( luckily going to the 3d battle phase is optional) .My biggest thing is that there is noSTORY MODE. The races in the game seem very interesting and original! Although, they give a short motion comic at the beginning of a new game there is no actual story to follow. Oh well, maybe they are saving that material for Endless Legend or the Dungeon of the Endless, games they are making as a prequels to Endless Space that should be released sometime this Spring.Just updating this review for the awards!"
76561197991678009,Recommended,208140,9585155,"Posted: 21 March, 2014",all,Curious Yellow,"Ok so yes, it is basically just building on the Civ model, but that is also a fantastic foundation...Good Bits:-great notification system at the start of every turn, with excellent click through menu system that allows you to make sure you have everything building stuff or flying somewhere or killing something or slaving at the lab bench 100% of the time-pretty - you get to watch your batles and have a sort of top trumps style input into proceedings which for my money is better than an auto-resolve and gets skipped way less than you'd thinkBad Bits:-Cant see ship styles when choosing race. This is more annoying than you might think.-AI gets really fighty when you (perfectly reasonably) expand to fill up the whole galaxy. Very very difficult to force a co-op win with an AI without sandbagging yourself so as not to♥♥♥♥♥♥them off.Overall really fun game and every bit of the 'one more turn'ness that Civ mastered originally :)"
,Recommended,208140,26825166,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,ne6togadno,my favorite turn based game
,Recommended,208140,27760498,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Skylar,Great game to spend hours and hours playing non-stop with and without friends!!
76561198030953572,Recommended,208140,27856999,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Madii,"Endless Space deserves some praise for being one of the few games that has lost very little of its appeal over time. It has a simple and elegant design with no apparent flaws, an efficient management system and a good ship design platform.For someone who likes Master of Orion series, Endless Space is an upgrade. In my opinion it beats the latest one of the franchise, even though it was published several years prior. Even Stellaris, the recent creation of Paradox, known for high quality strategy games, doesn't put Endless Space to shame.What little improvement it would have benefited from is a quest system or some event chains that where applied in a later Endless Legend.There's a sequel coming to Endless Space. If it'll be an improvement to the original, we could be talking about a real gem!"
76561197984528468,Recommended,208140,28002596,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Psi Lord,"I found this to be an enjoyable space 4x game.  The art work very nice.  There is a nice diversity between factions.  I like how they did the tec tree.  The ship combat takes some getting use to and I am still not a fan of it.  Over all I have enjoyed my time with Endless Space and if you can get it on sale, go for it and have fun."
76561198149901369,Recommended,208140,32466076,Posted: 16 June,all,LaggyMcLaggy,Pretty solid game that challenges you. Quite entertaining to watch ships battle and there is a sense of progression.
,Recommended,208140,19365850,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,𝙶𝚒𝚜𝚔𝚊𝚛𝚍,"Lazy friendly reviews is proud to present:  Endless Space® - Emperor Edition! (so lazy I copy-pasted the name!)It's fair. That's all. If you're not a 4x/space faring fan, you'll be confused by the mechanics. If you're a 4x/space faring fan, you won't be like this game a lot... especially if you look for something challenging. I suggest to buy on discout.7/10"
,Recommended,208140,19820539,"Posted: 21 December, 2015",all,Thee Under Brake,A good introduction to the 4X genre.
76561198079897593,Recommended,208140,20223149,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,jawzx01,"I really want to recommend this because I love like 90% of it; but it's absolutely ruined by the combat system. The combat system is awkward at best, and obtuse at worse.There is also something off with the AI (I'm playing the latest version as of 1/2/2016). The AI is extremely aggressive, even at lower difficultly levels. It is just too aggressive and the worst part about this is I can't learn the obtuse combat system because of it.Endless Legend is much better; just get that and play it. I respect this effort and look forward to Endless Space 2 but this either needs patches or it’s just not worth buying.Should I notice a patch or update, I’ll try the game again and update this review as appropriate. But for now, no, I can’t recommend it and should you be inclined to buy it, get it on sale at least. I think you’ll get a few hours out of it but conclude something similar on the combat & AI. Again, love 90% of the game but those two things just make this not worth the time to play.==============Update: After some effort to learn the combat system (and I still felt it could be better), I've actually played through the game twice. Won once w/ a Science victory. Granted, lower level of difficulty but still. I appreciate this game for what it is. I still feel that EL is a better game over all but this is worth picking up if you like EL/4x. I like it better, for example, than GalCiv3."
76561198185956762,Recommended,208140,20702728,"Posted: 23 January, 2016",all,mjsulli1978,"Like others have suggested, this game is a bit difficult to get a handle on erly on. It's not intuitive. I nearly gave up until finally it just clicked and now I think it's one of the best stratgy games I've played. The combat can get a little repetitive but the AI is competitive and seems to learn from you and gets much tougher in a protracted war. It's a great game and will suck hours away from you."
,Recommended,208140,34758795,Posted: 5 September,all,Mario,"Better than its successor.  Wonderful game.  Interesting, swift combat.  Fun races.  Really good economics.  Well designed and focued."
76561197971245606,Recommended,208140,17857016,"Posted: 2 September, 2015",all,Horkz,While I would recommend the game I find the tech tree doesnt explain what the tech does very well. Also there are many avenues of winning and just having the most planets doesnt mean you will win. Researching the right tech early on is essential IMO. If its on sale sure buy it.
76561198023240770,Recommended,208140,18599099,"Posted: 21 October, 2015",all,BentoWolf,One of the best 4x games out there.
