user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
76561197970345813,Recommended,208200,32602449,Posted: 20 June,all,Hotpot,"I bought the game back in 2004 and played it to death since. I played all the mods.Then I got a Vive and heard that some clever soul had modded the Doom3 BFG edition (and ONLY that edition) to be VR. I mean REAL VR with the controller tracking and everything. It plays like a AAA VR title but is 10 times longer, it looks great with the graphics mods, it runs smooth and if you own a Vive, this IS required ownership. Buy it. And 10 changes of underwear."
,Recommended,208200,16642708,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,SavageBeastZero,"IntroductionDOOM BFG Edition is a collection of the prior DOOM releases in their most complete form as stated by ID software themselves. Let's find out if that statement holds true or if this release spelled a different kind of DOOM for the franchise?OverviewDOOM 3 BFG Edition is a collection of games that defined the first person shooter genre across multiple generations. From DOOM, DOOM II, DOOM 3, and DOOM 3: Resurrection of Evil, along with The Lost Missions, each had their own impact on the genre of varying success. This release is headlined by DOOM 3: BFG a ""remastered"" version of 2004's well recieved title which is considered a classic by many. So does this remaster bring enough to the table to be considered exactly that?Graphics & Optimization QualityNOTE: Most importantly this section of the review is going to focus more on covering the remastered version of DOOM 3 and it's dlc content, titled DOOM 3: BFG Edition. This is simply due to the fact that the other content in regards to DOOM I and II are direct re-releases of the originals with no changes being made.So what exactly constitutes this as being a remaster? Well......Not much. Listed below are exactly what graphics options are available to you in game which are meager to say the least.Resolution - (Windowed - Full Screen - Up to 4K)Frame Control (60 - 120 - Unlimited)Vertical Sync (Enabled or Disabled)Anti-Aliasing (Up to 8x)Motion Blur (Up to 64x)Texture LOD Bias3D Options (varying)Now although there aren't many options overall, what's there serves for future functionality and that's really what's most important at least in terms of easily applied in game available resolutions that will be displayed without issues on today's current HD monitors and screens.Where is the Texture Quality Option?Now that's where we run into another slight issue. As many fans of the previously released DOOM 3 know, there were texture pack mods available on the net that exceeded the BFG versions texture resolution quality. In comparison this releases textures are blurry when played at higher reolutions yet, still actually look acceptable overall if and only if considering this is a simple port of the Xbox 360 version.Yet, that's not how something should be judged, should it? So with that being said, in regards to the textures quality in game, they simply don't meet the quality expectations that a gamer had come to expect on PC in 2012 (when this was released), let alone in 2015.Frame Control, Vertical Sync and Anti-Aliasing are all basic graphics settings that aren't exactly something to write home about, expected but, still welcome. Motion Blur is either a hit or a miss for many PC gamers but, is in fact presented here nonetheless, which is a bit odd due to the fact that there were so many other options begging to be within this package that would have served this  remaster and the series fans much, much better. Once again, nothing much to say in regards to texture LOD, other than it does what it's supposed to do as per usual, yet with lack luster results due to the lack of high quality resolution texture packs presented directly from ID software.3D OptionsNow this is where things actually get interesting. If DOOM 3: BFG is played in 3D the experience in quite an upgrade to the previous original installment. When enabled, the experience is almost surreal in certain ways, especially so if each in game setting is maxxed out. Sadly though, the amount of PC gamers that actually have the ability to experience this fantastic video mode are extrememly limited. So much so that, this once again becomes an almost irrelevant feature in the grand scope of things. Not many PC gamers have 3D enabled monitors, let alone the hardware to operate and utilize it.So with that being said, if you do in fact (like myself) have the hardware necessary, you'll be in for an interesting DOOM 3 experience. Sadly though, I'm speaking to an incredibly small user base.OptimizationO.k, here we go.....Considering the incredible lack of in game options which, of them none are especially resource intensive, DOOM 3: BFG most definitely isn't a highly optimized port. Will you be able to run it with respectable resolution and in game settings? Yes, more than likely pending you possess the required graphics hardware. Will you be able to run it fully maxxed out (Including 3D) without issues? Most likely not, regardless of the hardware you possess, which is unacceptable. Yet, considering most users wouldn't be utilizing the 3D options anyways, this doesn't hurt the experience, but is an injustice to the series fans who supported them financially upon release.Gameplay QualityAny previous fans of the series know there's nothing new here, but that doesn't mean that there's anything else that should have been either. The DOOM experience in a whole is considered by many (myself included) to be the pinnacle of the true single player fps experience. Intense, exlierating and downright frightening and that last one has nothing to do with the graphics and never did. It's created by the impending doom of being chased by and immense amount of npc's who do not stop coming after you, leaving you no time to prepare so, your only option is to run, strafe and generally flee in fear until you see an option to peck away at them one by one, with the general outcome being...you're dead.Which is fantastic! The original DOOM games and to a lesser extent DOOM 3 were created during a time that the general fps skill base on an entry level were on a totally different scale. These games were created to challenge you to the fullest, while giving you crumbs in return for your efforts, all the while turning you into a DOOM fan like many of us who have come before you.Story & Multiplayer ExperienceDOOM GUY > GETS ATTACKED BY > OUTER DIMENSIONAL HELL DEMONS > DOOM GUY > GETS ANGRY > DOOM GUYS RETALIATES > WITH > THE SUPER SHOTGUN > DOOM GUY > RUNS OUT OF AMMO > DOOM GUY FLEES > A DEMON CHASES > DOOM GUY> 100 DEMONS NOW CHASE > DOOM GUY > DEMONS LOST HIM > DOOM GUY > RETURNS WITH > THE BFG > ALL OF THE DEMONS > = DEAD.......Nuff said!If this were during the original release of DOOM 3 in 2004 the online experience would have been brimming with players on any given hour. Yet, sadly the same can't be said about this remastered edition. There simply isn't anyone playing this online anymore but, that doesn't mean you can't get some friends together and frag til' your hearts content.Sound QualityConsidering there are multiple titles in this release, I suppose the best thing for me to convey is that each releases sound design was exceptional during their time and surpassed anything else on the market at their respective times. Agurably so, the DOOM series stands as a figurehead of the industry and always has in terms of sound design. So each game within the confines of this collection will undoubtably brim with nostalgia and were often later copied by far too many develpers throughout history..... Simply put, just open a door and let the sounds of nostalgia echo throughout.Replay Value & The Bottom LineIt's DOOM for goddsake, people are still playing the original release since it was published. In terms of replay value, it doesn't get much better than this. BFG edition contains the entire DOOM franchise all in one fairly tidy package, you'll easily get hundreds of hours of gameplay out of it. Rough edges aside, this collection is arguably one of the best of all time and deserves a place in any fps library. Just as long as you consider this release an Ultimate Collection, instead of the remaster they wanted you to believe it was.Final Judgement: Add it to cart and enjoy your DOOM!http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=405330961"
,Recommended,208200,19585291,"Posted: 9 December, 2015",all,"Fuck you, leatherman.",Nerds when Doom 3 came out: You have to hold the flashlight? That's stupid! There's not enough ammo and it's too dark! This game sucks!Same exact nerds when Doom 3 BFG Edition came out: You don't have to hold the flashlight anymore? That's stupid! There's too much ammo and it isn't dark enough! This game sucks!Stay classy.
76561198019205444,Recommended,208200,3228719,"Posted: 18 July, 2013",all,sitebender,"This is a Doom trilogy of games that spans more than a decade. It includes Doom 3 HD, Doom 3: Resurrection of Evil, the Doom 3 Lost Mission (8 level pack), Doom 2, Doom 2: No Rest for the Wicked and Ultimate Doom 1. The major focus on this is the HD version of Doom 3. For those of you who don't know, its an action FPS, but with how dark, slow and gory it is I'd say its more of a survival horror FPS. This version plays better than the original Doom 3, just with the tweaks such as using a gun and a flash light instead of one or the other. The movement speed has been improved, an autosave function is in there too as well along with numerous other things you'll never notice. Even these small tweaks make the game just seem more fun and less challenging. The downside is no mods like the original Doom 3. Sure people will still complain about how pitch black it can be without a light, the weapons not having an impact and the numerous monster closets, but this is a good game in my opinion.As a game, Doom 3 has more of a story to it, which it didn't need. You're the new guy on Mars and within a level or two of getting acclimated, eventually fit hits the shan and you'll be battling zombies, mutants and creatures from Hell or Mars. Whichever. The game really stands on its horrific graphics, even after all of these years. While the action is slower than the old Doom games and it does feel like a very straight forward game with far less linear levels than the original, there are places to explore and puzzles to solve.Since it is Mars, you'll get to walk the surface of the planet where you'll need Oxygen to survive. You'll also experience a really awesome level in Hell, but mostly you're inside of futuristic bases. With such a long 20 hour game, the metallic walls, dark ambient lighting and pipes all begin to feel the same. Sure there are different colors, med labs, offices, boiler rooms and scenes of blood and mutilation, but its over and over again. A lot of it feels like you're in a diesel submarine fighting creatures.You'll start with a pistol and move on to a machine gun, shotgun and a chaingun. Eventually, you'll find the rocket launcher, plasma launcher, BFG and grenades. The weapons don't feel that good or impactful. Shooting a shotgun close range will do far more damage than long range, unlike the original Doom 1 that you could snipe with it. The grenades don't feel that good to use, because they are their own weapon not some secondary weapon like in most games where you throw it. That makes the grenades feel useless unless you need to drop a grenade to a monster below. Eventually you'll find 'the Artifact' that can be thrown as a bladed weapon, bouncing off of walls and shredding through enemies.Enemies come in a variety of sizes. Big bulbous cacodemos fly around shooting balls of lightning, mancubus are fat and take a lot of bullets while their dual cannons bellow fireballs. A towering, rocket shooting horn headed cyberdemon. Flying skulls, six legged human head spiders. A boss that is half man half tank and little half baby half insect creatures. It is all beautiful, grotesque horror that debuts each creature with a brief cut scene. That's something the first game didn't have. Cut scenes. There are a few story cut scenes, but thankfully they are less and less frequent.Each of the enemies has a revamp. Enemies are somewhat intelligent, while zombies will just come shambling toward you, smarter enemies will hide and take cover. They'll eve awkwardly sidestep your bullets. The levels just never really accentuate the enemy intelligence. Most levels are straight forward, so everything will be dead with no chance to flank you or get behind you organically. There are still monster closets, doors that open up behind you and have enemies or some enemies like imps will just teleport in behind you. Some found it annoying.BFG Edition also comes with the expansion pack Resurrection of Evil for Doom 3. This is a good sized campaign that introduces the double barreled shotgun and a grabber gun, similar to the Half Life gravity gun that will allow you to grab barrels and enemy projectiles to throw at enemies. That's not the only similarity between the Half Life games, the wall health and Doom 3's story seems to have been inspired by Half Life 1. The expansion pack also offers more abilities that will allow you to slow time, give invulnerability and give berserk which doubles your weapon power. Each ability will help you deal with the new bosses in the game and traverse the levels.Now for the big reason Doom 3 fans would get this game, the new expansion / level pack called 'the Lost Levels.' Is it worth $20? no. Is it worth $10? Probably not, but there is still a lot of value with the whole package.Next up are the first two Doom games all the way back from 1994 and 1995. The Ultimate Doom is 4 episodes of Doom 1. The first 3 episodes of 8 - 9 levels each and a bonus episode. Its still every bit as fun as it was back then. Bright, vibrant, you move like a racecar, great enemy variety and weapons. The levels feel open and offer a lot of variety. You'll collect keys and open doors, pull switches. You can do everything easily and freely. You can snipe with a shotgun or pistol. There is no vertical mouse aim. If you are horizontally aimed at an enemy and shoot, your bullets will go up or down toward the enemy.Doom 2 is also the same engine as Doom 1, but with more enemy types and 32 levels all in 1 episode. But wait, there's a bonus episode of 8 levels from 2010 made for X-Box Live. This 8 level pack has great detailed maps with a good challenge for veterans.On top of that, the original 2 Dooms, there are 20 levels of extra levels, some of which are awesome others.... not so much. While there are mods for Doom 3, for whatever reason, mod support IS NOT IN DOOM 3 BFG. Not sure why, but whatever.In all, its worth $10, maybe even $20, but wait for a sale. Chances are anyone interested in Doom has already had the first two games. This is a quick cash grab from iD. Everything is still a lot of fun to play especially with Doom 3's tweaks, but just wait for a sale."
,Recommended,208200,9683198,"Posted: 30 March, 2014",all,MarvelousAQL,This game needs CO-OP Support! For the love of god... Need CO-OP as a free update for everyone!
,Recommended,208200,32062104,Posted: 30 May,all,DannyRodriguez,"This game changed Doom from a pure FPS to a survival horror game but after a while it ceases to be scary and delves more into a blend of horror and action with a greater emphasis on the action aspect. I give the game props for trying to be different but I couldn't help but feel that it tried to do too many things halfway instead of doing one thing really well.When you first start the game you'll notice an impressive amount of polish right away. The movement is fluid and free like you would expect from a Doom game and the graphics are very impressive. It's obvious from the start that this is a pure AAA game with a lot of heart and soul poured into it. The atmosphere is on point right away and pretty much everything is inter actable. You can even shoot friendlies right away with no consequence and I love that. There's no ""failure"" screen or anything like that, the game just continues like nothing happened. This first impression is very positive and even purists who might feel like this isn't a true Doom game can't help but be impressed by it. You can even interact with computer monitors and push buttons that have no purpose. This is the type of polish that impresses me in a game.The game is slow to start but as you play there is no question: this is a Doom game. It plays almost as some sort of survival horror fps rpg. The lore never gets in the way of the action and I think they did a tremendous job of balancing the two. It almost feels like two separate games at times, scary and atmospheric in the beginning but you become so powerful later on that it becomes hard to scare you anymore except for the occasional jump scare. This blend is refreshing and interesting and I feel this was the right direction to go for the modern version of the series even though it would have been interesting to see what it could have been had they gone full survival horror.The lore is interesting and awe inspiring at times since it involves things that would have great ramifications on the origin of humanity itself. This is a universe where hell is real after all but not necessarily God or an afterlife. The hell in the game's lore may not be the hell as we know it in the theological sense but the origin of that story which turned into our religions on earth. The story of hell was told by the Ancients in the beginning of humanity on earth and it turned into a religion. This is a fascinating point of view and take on the concept of religion and only strengthens the horror element of the game. The hell as it is portrayed in the game is entirely alien to us when looked at from a scientific point of view and you always fear that which you don't understand. Sadly this is only touched on briefly in one section towards the end and I would have loved some more exploration into this theme.This game almost became my own personal story entitled «The Quest For The BFG». It's teased twice before you get it, once when you read it's in a room but I didn't find the room, even though I was diligent in searching, and another time you see it behind a locked door but I couldn't find the code even though I looked. I was super thrilled when I actually got it very late in the game.The use of codes to open doors is great because you find the codes in notes scattered around the levels and you only find the doors and lockers they open later on, some times not at all if you don't search hard enough. And when you do find it there's no hand holding popup telling you what the code is or an automatic unlock. If you don't remember the code from before you have to search your notes for it and this takes time and effort. This encourages you to memorize the codes as you read them, forcing the player to use his brain. Using your brain to remember numbers in this way is very rare in games that are often just thought of as mindless shooters and it brings this game's honor up to even higher levels. It's to the game's credit that it doesn't pander to the player in that way.Reload is slow and you can't switch weapons in the middle of a reload which makes the survival horror part of the game just that more intense, especially in the beginning of the game. I didn't think this brought it down later on however, but added another layer of strategy to combat that you have to consider. For instance, at one point I found myself in a shooting gallery up against waves of though enemies with only 7 HP and a rocket launcher with no medkit in sight. I managed to get through it because each of their attacks can be countered and it takes skill to master it. It was exhilarating and fun and I felt accomplished when I got through it. It speaks to the game's great blend of survival and shoot 'em up gameplay.If I had to pick one thing I didn't particularly like about the game it would have to be the sentries. They often block your way making it hard to move around freely and they end up shooting you very often as well. You can destroy them though so its not the biggest deal in the world but they could get annoying at times.One thing I found particularly funny was the Cacademons and their altered appearance in this game. They look like Fire Piranha Plants from Super Mario Brothers. They spit fireballs as well so I don't think this was pure coincidence. The Lost Souls look a little weird as well since they're basically just disembodied heads floating in mid-air but they changed their appearance in The Resurrection of Evil and The Lost Mission expansion packs along with its name to Forgotten One. These bear a closer resemblance to the classic Lost Soul, hence the name ""Forgotten One"", cause they had been forgotten since the classic Doom games.As far as I know this is the only place you can play the Doom II episode No Rest For The Living on PC since it was made for xBox 360 so its inclusion was very welcome in the BFG edition of Doom 3. It plays very much like the classic doom games except the levels aren't very labyrinthian but rather made to seem like they are. They're a lot more linear than the original games with colored doors leading to the same place even though there are several doors in the same color that leads to the same room. This is done to create an illusion of a maze when it's actually just one pretty straightforward corridor. I thought these levels were a lot of fun and with the increased amount of enemies on screen and a lot more ammo readily available than previous entries it turned into a visceral shooting gallery that I found to be very enjoyable to play.Resurrection of evil introduced a way for you to move as fast as the original games but this isn't perfect because it just makes everyone else move slowly so if you used it before all enemies are spawned in you won't be able to use it for much more than a couple of enemies. It was a nice gimmick though and not necessary to use in order to complete the levels but more of a way to avoid taking damage from human enemies.The Resurrection of Evil and The Lost Mission DLC is great because the super shotgun, that wasn't in the main game for some reason, makes it possible to one-shot enemies, giving the game a faster pace and enabling you to do the so-called ballet of destruction that Doom is known for. This was one of the biggest things I missed from the main game.When you first start the main game you'll notice it takes heavily from Half-Life as the beginning level of both games are nearly identical. You walk around looking at the environment, taking in the setting and talking to people and then things go terribly wrong. I believe the shift from fast to slow paced shooters in the early 2000s was a symptom of higher performance graphics, dynamic lighting and shadows and the developers needed the game's mechanics to show off this new graphical fidelity. In that way Doom 3 is a product of its time and personally I didn't have too many problems with that when the game as a whole was as good as this."
,Recommended,208200,32492141,Posted: 16 June,all,acdcdave1387,"Sadly, this game caught a lot of hate from the community because of the fact that this game is linear and story-based unlike the originals.Is it a reboot of the classic Doom? Yes.Is it different from the original though? Yes.Is it fun though? HELL YES and that is all that matters.When this game came out in 2004 it was years ahead of its time. The lighting and shadows used to enhance the mainly dark hallways and corridors of the game helped Doom 3 to whip the competition and that wasn't an easy thing to do in 2004 which was a monumental year for video game greatness (Far Cry and Half-Life 2 came out that year folks...)This BFG Edition of the game also caught a lot of flak since people who love to complain never fail to stop complaining. The community claimed they could get the same if not better experience with mods and didn't want to pay for another version of the same game...well then DON'T pay for it dummies, if you already own the game then why complain at all? It doesn't even pertain to you.For those that DIDN'T own this game then this is clearly the version to get since there was no need to waste time modding it...it already looks and plays great as it is. The sound effects are slightly improved (especially that weak pistol) and the game now supports modern resolutions.The environment is so immersive and the sounds are so amazing that this was pretty much the only game that ever creaped me out the first time I played it. The original version forced you to switch to the flashlight meaning your weapon was put away...this made the game a bit more terrifying than it otherwise is now. However, that was by far the biggest complaint from the community so when they remastered it they fixed that by making the flashlight attach to the chest armor so you can have it on while shooting.This helps alleviate some complaints that the game was too slow moving because now you can run through more like a proper Doom title and not like an ""Aliens vs Predator"" type of game.I played this game for countless hours on disc but really wanted to convert my library to digital copies and since Steam released this right around the time I was ready to leave the disc world behind I picked it up and never looked back.There are a few complaints that are indeed warranted. This version of Doom 3 comes with the original titles as well. HOWEVER...Doom 2's secret levels were modified to get rid of the swastikas and I believe the original music is also different in those levels which is not cool since those levels had some of the coolest music. That is easily rectified by just buying the originals which are still the greatest FPS titles out there."
,Recommended,208200,34059567,Posted: 6 August,all,supernaut,"Doom 3 is not Doom and I've made my peace with it. The first two games encouraged you to speed up, while Doom 3 urges you to slow down in so many ways. Very narrow and dark levels, characters you meet, PDAs with emails and audio logs, video disks, etc. In the original Doom 3, the flashlight, which was another thing to slow you down, wasn't mounted on the armor like it is here and I was certainly not enjoying myself back then. In the BFG Edition I was able to, for the first time, take in the scenery at my own pace. Not having to deal with the flashlight makes a big difference. Once I got to ""relax"" with Doom 3, I really noticed a cool looking game, sterile and metallic in its environments, soon covered in nightmares and blood. The lighting, shadows, smoke and sound design bringing it all to life. I even grew a new appreciation for the soundtrack, some of it very reminiscent of the soundtrack of Full Metal Jacket. It feels like a cold place and the demons you encounter look like the stuff of nightmares.Resurrection of Evil steps even further away from the roots of Doom, introducing a gravity gun and rechargeable Helltime with The Artifact, making it a pointless experience of throwing/catching stuff in narrow quarters and slowing the game down on top everything else I mentioned, sans the flashlight. I opted to use Doom 3's main arsenal to get my kicks, but the grabber comes handy in some situations and is sometimes even necessary. When you upgrade your artifact with rechargeable Berserk, it enables you to punch or shoot all non-boss enemies back to hell in slow motion and once you upgrade it with Invulnerability, there's no stopping you. Makes perfect sense then to have the final boss be a dragon-like demon. Resurrection of Evil adds plenty of projectile enemies on top of the Imp and others seen in Doom 3 and once you get sick of using the grabber with its incredibly narrow operational area only limited to its crosshair, you'll be using The Artifact a lot since there are plenty of glowing bodies around to feed it. If the game wants to be Max Payne, you might as well roll with it.Enemy AI is not Doom 3's best feature, to say the least. Jump scares only make you hate the game more, not offering a genuinely scary experience. Enemies will jump at you from every possible angle, behind corners, doors, panels, floors, ceiling, etc. They disorient you by beating the hell out of you, jumping in your face, scratching your face and technically it should be scary but I just find it incredibly annoying. Better to kill them before they get anywhere near you. Worst of all, some triggers enable Imps to do 180 degree jumps around corners or even through office cubicles. Enemies wait for you in dark corners until they can jump out like a clown or a sexual predator. A zombie walking out of darkness is way more effective.Weirdly enough The Lost Mission is the most Doomy of the Doom 3 experience, released here in the BFG Edition, roughly 7 years after Resurrection of Evil. But since most enemies still announce their arrival well in advance, you can run up to their spawn animations and shoot them in the face at point blank. Doom 3 is a bizarre collection of design choices, that's for sure. One mistake I did was not using the double-barreled shotgun in Resurrection of Evil in this playthrough, yet it was my primary weapon in The Lost Mission. It's incredibly powerful at close range and very fun to use. You can take down a Hell Knight with 3 shots, for example.This version is the only version to enjoy Doom 3, as far as I'm concerned, despite its many flaws. The pacing makes you appreciate the care put into the design of the environments, the monsters, the sounds and the lighting. It genuinely looks like a place you can't wait to leave, it is both a depressing and lethal work environment. The BFG Edition also includes Ultimate Doom and Doom II, along with achievements for every game included, making this the most comprehensive Doom experience for newcomers. Playing on Veteran gave me a good 30 hours across 3 games, I'll leave the classics and Nightmare for another time."
76561197970589782,Recommended,208200,26679436,"Posted: 18 November, 2016",all,Stahlglanz,HTC VIVE VR support!RBDOOM-3-BFG 1.1.0 openvr + Motion Controller + Onward Locomotionhttps://github.com/Codes4Fun/RBDOOM-3-BFG/releasesHave Fun!
,Recommended,208200,28298870,"Posted: 10 December, 2016",all,eS,"I really don't get why people rip on this so much. It has some flaws, but they're not NEARLY as ""game-breaking"" and whatnot as people make them out to be. I'm also going to actually review the WHOLE PACKAGE, not just whine about DOOM 3 and ""hurr durr flashlight is for♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥herp derp*.The original games (Ultimate DOOM and DOOM II + expansions):Let's go with cons first, shall we?- They do support high resolutions but no widescreen. No up-down mouselook. And boo-hoo they censored the Wolfenstein 3D secret levels.First off, I for one welcome the lack of up-down mouselook. This is where I don't get DOOM purists - first they whine about two little censored SECRET levels, and then they play with vertical mouselook and a crosshair? Get that weak crap outta here! Either go big or go home and take your ZDOOMs with ya! (although you can use ZDOOM and other mods with a bit of work, to be fair).The pros, then!+ Ultimate DOOM and DOOM II play, look and feel exactly like the games I used to play back in the 90s. Get over it. The BFG edition got this part of the equation right. It's old DOOM plain and simple, with all it's glory and slight shortcomings as the granpa of all things FPS. And just BTW, this edition is the only way to (legally) play No Rest for the Living (which is pretty good) right now. So far so good. TBH I really got the BFG edition for these games more than DOOM 3, and I was not dissapointed, the Steam version of UD and DII isn't that great (yay, more DosBox).And now to the part that actually warrants some criticism, DOOM 3 (haven't gone through RoE and LM yet but I assume the same applies)EDIT:I have spent quite a good chunk of time playing Ultimate DOOM and DOOM II using proper, modern source ports. I tried the BFG Edition versions of UD and DII again to see how well they hold up after spending 40+hours in GZDoom. Fact is... it's still pretty good. Let's be clear: if you want 1080p/16:9, mouselook, crosshair, jumping and crounching (heavens me), this is not what you're looking for. If you just want to play the damn games the way they were intended to be played back in the 90s, this more than does the trick. If the source ports are a 10/10, this is like a 7/10. Like I said, gets the job done.Now that I've revisited DOOM 3 properly, I get a bit more why people were disappointed.Cons first, again.- The ammo abundance is the biggest issue by far. It makes the game just a little bit too easy, even on Veteran.I can't remember what the original was like (I remember I *still* had my combat rifle ammo maxed almost the entire time even in vanilla DOOM3 ), but I can't remember having my shotgun past 300 all the time and certainly not my chaingun or plasma rifle having upwards of 200 bullets/cells respectively (...before even entering Delta Labs 1). What this means is that tougher enemies like Revenants aren't that big of a deal anymore, I used to♥♥♥♥♥♥my pants everytime I saw one (or god forbid two), carefully popping shots to conserve precious rockets and cells. Now, I just unload and bam, gone.Health also seems to be pretty generously distributed. It's not that big a deal if you get hit plenty, there's usually at least a small medkit nearby to get you back to 50+HP. Not as severe a problem as the ammo, but still a bit of ""babyfication"".- the lighting, or rather, it's inconsistency. You can read my flashlight rant below, this is not (completely) about that. It's about how sometimes, I want to cry tears of joy because in some situations, you don't actually *need* a flashlight at all! The perfect combination of ambient lighting and enemy light sources (imp fireballs etc.) create this wonderful ballet of darkness, light and shooting action that a flashlight beam ruins completely. Other times, there's oh-so-obviously-booby-trapped armor on the ground, you pick it up, the room turns pitch black and fills up with monsters and at that point, mounted flashlight or not, I just want to snap my keyboard in half. The flashlight is not the problem - the real problem is cheap, cheap, cheap level design! Bleuch! But these moments are not THAT annoyingly common, thank god.On to the pros.+ 1080p like a boss. I have a ♥♥♥♥♥♥ laptop, but even this old pile of junk can run it well enough at 1920x1080 no problem (maybe lay off the AA, it didn't do anything other than clog the GRAM even back in '03. Literally no visual improvement).+ the flashlight. Oh yeah. That's a pro. Seriously. I still don't get why you'd whine over that one. When DOOM 3 was released, the game reviewers cried ""fresh, original gameplay mechanic"" and we, the gamers, replied with ""you crazy idiots, this is the worst thing ever"". What's this? Duct tape mod! Hell YEAH! I remember how much this sucked back then and HO-LY crud am I glad they pulled it out in the BFG edition.I actually tried playing it the ""old way"", like deliberately not using it while shooting, and it sucks every bit as much♥♥♥♥♥as it did back in '03. ""Atmosphere"", yeah, right. Nothing more atmospheric than spraying bullets into a black screen until your reticle turns red to show that you're actually hitting something.+ it's still DOOM3, it runs well and it has the same vibe, at least to me.All in all, it's a good package, not perfect, but decent, and definitely worth the money on sale. People make this edition look like it's a 1/10 deal, it's more like a 7.5/10, not perfect, but still good. I just wish they'd put three separate entries in the Steam library instead of one, but hey, you can't have everything I guess.Anyway, flashlight rants aside, I would recommend this to any DOOM fan. Ignore the purists, seriously, it's a good buy, especially if you get it for dirt cheap during a sale."
,Recommended,208200,12642795,"Posted: 26 October, 2014",all,Rathori,"TL;DRBad horror elements, decent shooter, good voice acting, censored classic games, Final DOOM not included, added Steam achievements (even for DOOM I/II). Optimized for widescreen, 3D, Oculus Rift and high framerates. Multiplayer is dead. The BFG Edition-exclusive DOOM 3 ""The Lost Mission"" and DOOM II ""No Rest for the Living"" expansions are great, so it's still worth getting even if you own the original games, although you should probably wait for a sale in that case.DOOM 3Despite its horror elements being utter crap, DOOM 3 is a decent shooter game. The graphics are good, except for human character models (which are ugly and repetitive - prepare for attack of the clones!), the weapons are diverse and well-balanced - pretty much all of them are useful throughout the whole game, and the voice acting is good. The game gets more fun towards the end, so even if it gets a bit monotonous in the middle of campaign, it is worth enduring so you'd get to play its best part.In BFG Edition flashlight is no longer a separate weapon, it appears to be shoulder-mounted and can be used at any time with any weapon equipped. Along with more ammo found in the levels, this makes the game somewhat easier and less tense that original DOOM 3. Zoom is no longer available, but I didn't miss it at all.The game now has out-of-the-box support for widescreen resolutions, 3D and head mounted displays (such as Oculus Rift), and runs steadily at 120 fps 1920x1080 on my system, all maxed out.Also, the controls are customizable (seeing all the negative comments about unchangeable controls, I must assume this has only been patched recently), and you CAN bind CTRL to crouch and even rebind weapon selection buttons as you please (which you should as they go all the way from 1 to 9 and it is hard to switch to the most powerful weapons in a middle of a fight with default bindings).DOOM 3: Resurrection of EvilThe new grabber is fun to use and comes in handy quite often - it can actually be used to defeat some of the thoughest monsters and save you tons of ammo -, the double-barreled shotgun is as good as it was in DOOM II (which, in case you haven't played, is VERY good), and the new artifact brings some variety to gameplay.Unlike DOOM 3, where PDAs played major part in delivering the plot, in RoE audio logs on PDAs are almost non-existent, and those that are there are written poorly, as well as all the emails. It also has what seems to be the worst ending in entire history of video game, and the protagonist is as dumb as a bag of hammers - just play and you'll see why.All the changes in BFG Edition that apply to DOOM 3 also apply to RoE, so you can't zoom anymore but are able to use flashlight with any weapon.All and all, despite its flaws, DOOM 3: Resurrection of Evil is fun to play, especially if you liked DOOM 3.DOOM 3: The Lost MissionAdds no new enemies or weapons, but has almost everything from both DOOM 3 and RoE, along with high quality PDA entries that are quite enjoyable to read/listen to. I also enjoyed the level design, especially in the Hell levels, which look very different from those found in original DOOM 3 and RoE.A solid addition to the game, and, along with No Rest for the Living, is a reason enough to get the BFG Edition even if you already own the base game and RoE outside BFG Edition.Classic DOOMsI totally hate it that they censored the games - medkits look stupid with that pill symbol instead of red cross, and they pretty much ruined the secret levels in DOOM II, which are now barren and have all references to Wolfenstein 3D removed but not replaced with anything else. The only good changes are added achievements and ""No Rest for The Living"" episode for DOOM II. Also, Final DOOM is not a part of BFG Edition so you'll have to buy it separately if you want it.In every other aspect it's the same old DOOM we all love.No Rest for the LivingI was sceptical about it at first, but it turned out to be a good expansion pack that has the spirit of original DOOM games and is a lot of fun to play. The levels are well designed, well balanced, and, due to being designed for much more powerful systems than those in original DOOMs, are much more detailed. They are also about as non-linear as levels in original games and are fun to explore - I actually took time to find every single secret on every level, including the secret level.If you like old DOOM games, No Rest for the Living is a must-have.MultiplayerIt is dead. There are no servers and no players. You could still find some people willing to play on Steam forums, but don't expect to just jump in for a quick match."
76561197960284046,Recommended,208200,4474,"Posted: 30 September, 2013",all,DL,"This is a great pack. It contains Doom 1-3 and the doom 3 expansion. This pack features updated graphics for each game. Some argue the pack is a waste because you could just download graphic mods for the same effect but if you don't own these games already then its a great deal with less work.Doom: A classic fps with varied monsters, creative levels, and tons of secrets. The varience between the monster weapons (guns, projectiles and melee) is what keeps the monster slaying interesting; Most of the time you will be using the shotgun however because of how the shell boxes are the most abundant ammo pickup (20 shells per box) . You can't look vertically only in a horiztonal axis but after awhile you zone in and don't even notice. 5 out of 5Doom2: Much like the first doom but with updated monsters and a double barrel shotgun ""ohh yeah!"".   This was the Doom im most familiar with from my childhood. There are also many secret areas and even secret level in both Dooms. Ammo is often more scarce at the start but the later levels offer more ammo incase you die and need to repeat that stage again (you lose your ammo when you die).Doom3: A fun run on a space station. The game is pretty good, I tend to enjoy the interactive ingame screens and the audio logs; these were new concepts at the time. However the areas look so similar it gets monotonous just trying to run through the level. They also try to scare you relentlessly with voices and things poping around. This game just lacks the complexity and level design compared to halflife 2."
,Recommended,208200,15989483,"Posted: 24 May, 2015",all,SkullDust99,"Ahh, Doom, one of the first FPS games that changed gaming. The original Doom's were pretty much perfect, perfect levels, perfect enemies, perfect weapons, great games.Now even though Doom 3 is a good game too, it kind of lacked some things that the older Doom's had. Doom was all about rushing through hell while destroying all of hell's minions, while Doom 3 was a bit different. None the less, Doom 3 somewhat offered the same experience as the older Doom's. Same enemies and weapons, but not necessarily the same level design.I am going to compare Doom 3 to Doom 3 BFG with some pros and cons, so you will know which Doom you'd rather get.Doom 3 BFG Pros:-You get Ultimate Doom, and Doom 2, as well as a better looking Doom 3-Doom 3 looks much better but still the same in different ways-You get Doom Resurrection of evil, as well as the Lost mission-There are achievements for all Doom's-You can use the Oculus Rift on Doom 3 BFG-Fair Price ($20)Doom 3 BFG Cons:-There isn't many settings to lower the graphics so you'll need a somewhat beefy PC-You can now use your flashlight while using weapons at the same time which overall makes the game less scary-The controls could be better-Doom 3 BFG is not moddableOriginal Doom 3 Pros:-It is moddable, which makes the game have lots of replay value, which there's even a Coop mod, so expect lots of playtime-There is actually a console you can use to spawn weapons/enemies/objects-The Controls are fantastic, you can change pretty much any key if you wanted to, unlike Doom 3 BFG-The game is much more scarier since you can only use a flashlight and a weapon at different times-Better price ($10)Original Doom 3 Cons:-The original Doom 3 does not include any DLC or the older Doom's-The game looks a little more outdated which means the graphics aren't as good-The steam overlay is pretty awful (small resolution)-No AchievementsTLDR:So overall, I would say, if you want a better looking Doom 3 with all the older dooms as well as Doom 3's DLC, but are willing to only being able to play the content you have (no mods), then get Doom 3 BFGIf you want a less better looking Doom 3 with lots of more options to do (moddable) and are willing to buy the DLC separately as well as the older Doom's, The original Doom 3 is for you.Final score:Doom 3 BFG: 8/10Original Doom 3: 9/10Btw I also nomiated this game for 'game within a game' award. This has the coolest minigames out there :D"
76561198010961291,Recommended,208200,17214628,"Posted: 24 July, 2015",all,UltraNightmare,"IDCLIP anyone?First I need to be honest and admit that I have purchsed this game package while it was on sale.  The price was my primary motivating factor, because I already have Ultimate Doom, Doom II, FInal Doom, Doom 3, and Resurrection of Evil  on cd. Yet I still recommend purchasing this product to fans of fps.I found Doom 3: BFG Edition convenient, because I don't care for the chanllenge of downloading patches and mods I have to Google search for and then try to make work. The BFG Edition contains playable Windows 95 era games and versions of Doom 3 and Resurrection of Evil that offer widescreen support. I also enjoy the Steam achievements that can be earned as well. I have limited playtime experience and can not verify all of the complaints about changes made to the games. For example, if the Wolfenstein 3D secret levels in Doom II are still accessible.Pros:All games are playable on modern operating systems and hardware. (I can verify this for Windows 7 Pro and a GTX980m gpu.)Doom 3 does look visually better in the BFG Edition versus the original cd version I own. Both versions have limited graphics adjustments, as others have mentioned.The sale price of less than $7.00.Sixty-five Steam achievements are available.All of the games are fun, challenging, and offer many secrets to discover.The infamous flashlight issue in Doom 3 has been resolved, although your flashlight now has limited power.Cons:Cheats are disabled. (I don't know how players of this version will be able to see John Romero's severed head on a pike in Doom II. It was only available using a cheat code.)Doom II does not reveal secret count when you TAB the map feature.Famous mod maps for Doom II can not be added.Final Doom and the Master Levels of Doom are not included.I hope this helps!"
,Recommended,208200,16971893,"Posted: 10 July, 2015",all,I'm holy,"Игрушка сделало моё детство))).Будучи школьниками, мы: я со своим другом по имени Евгений, гамали в эту игруху...)) после школы вместе шли к нему домой, и убойно проводили время.А значит дело это было зимой, учились мы тогда во вторую смену и темнело как вы понимаете быстро,  а родителей у Евгения дома не было)). Пришли, повключали везде свет.-Ну что, до смерти?-Ага, начинай...Так и играли. А когда начинала мне звонить мама и звать домой Женёк меня провожал. Одеваюсь значит: ""Женя, погоди пожалуйста, не выключай свет))), выключи попозже))"". Вот так.)1 обкакавшийся школьник из 1. Женя, приходи, поиграем =)"
,Recommended,208200,476122,"Posted: 4 August, 2013",all,M1SF0RTUNE,"As we go forward in gaming with an overzealous amount of similar military shooters or action-packed linear sequels, looking back at Doom 3 and the classic Dooms can we only truly realize what an incredible type of experience we lost in our current age of gaming. Not only that, but it's a bundle of games whose age made them extraordinarily better than you remember, and the price tag is a steal. It's high time you (re)learn what it's like to carry more than two guns, explore nonlinear maps, and use wild and imaginative weaponry. You owe it to yourself as a gamer."
,Recommended,208200,14251469,"Posted: 30 January, 2015",all,Officer Bananas,This title includes two great games and also Doom 3
,Recommended,208200,22108819,"Posted: 28 March, 2016",all,|OG| Combo,"DOOM 3 BFG is solid game with a lot of content.DOOM 3 VS BFG Edition.  Everything you need to know.As a die hard Doom fan from day one I feel qualified to throw my two cents in here. First of all DOOM 3 (either version) is a different take on the franchise. They are slower, cutscenes, etc. This isn’t the old school fast paced “run n gun” your used to. Is that a bad thing? In my opinion no. Lets look at the differences between BFG, and Vanilla DOOM 3.DOOM 3 BFG*Upgraded graphics engine ID Tech 5. (without using mods, this is the better looking game)*Native Xbox 360 controller support*Includes the expansions. Resurrection of Evil.*Includes The lost Mission (exclusive to this version)*Includes DOOM, and DOOM 2. (Both with native Xbox 360 pad Support)*3D TV Support. I haven’t tested this, but its there and I’d like to try it!*The flashlight is fixed to your shoulder, and you can use it while shooting.*There seems to be more ammo availableDOOM 3 & Resurrection of Evil (CD Version)*Mod support(http://www.moddb.com/games/doom-iii/mods)*Co-Op Mode (with Mods)*Better Graphics (with Mods)*Flashlight Mechanic. You can either shoot, or see. (I admit I enjoyed this)*Less Ammo (there’s enough, you have what you need, but sometimes its tense)Verdict: DOOM 3 BFG is still DOOM 3. Don’t listen to the haters. If you can score this title for $4.99 on a sale do it! I also recommend grabbing the CD version on Amazon as well, the mods are fantastic. To me this title (either version) has tons of replay value, and it was a game changing title inspiring such games as Dead Space. Worth every penny in my opinion.OLDER GAMER APPROVEDVisit our Currator Page"
,Recommended,208200,34544042,Posted: 27 August,all,Steel,"Doom 3: BFG Edition is a great game with some issues.Doom 3: BFG Edition is a collection with Doom 1 & 2, along with a Remaster of Doom 3. Doom 1 & 2 are the old school shooters that surprised people back then on how violent it was. Both games don't really have a story. All you do in Doom 1 & 2 is shoot Demons, find secrets, complete the level, and repeat. It might sound repetitive, but they're fun to play (even though it's a bit dated.).Doom 3: BFG Edition is what I'm mostly going to focus on for this review. Since Doom 3 was Remastered,some things were changed.Doom 3 Remastered doesn't really have a story. Hell has broke loose on Mars, and it's your job to stop it. There are some moments in the game that explains the story some more, but that's mostly it.The Gameplay has changed. Instead of Survival, it's now more focused on Action.You remember in the original, the game was super dark? You remember in the original you can only hold your flashlight and guns separate? You remember the cool light effects in the original? Those were changed. The game is more brighter, you now have a shoulder-light (which means you can hold your gun and turn on the flashlight at the same time), and the light effects when shooting the guns are gone (that includes The Plasma Gun).The Gunplay in Doom 3 Remaster, while it shows its age, is decent. Controls are really responsive, and aiming with a mouse feels great. The Gunplay is kind of like Doom 1 & 2, but it's a bit slower. When you first start the game, it isn't all that intense, but later on things start to pick up and the game feels a lot more like Doom. In the game, you have the Pistol, Shotgun, Chain Gun, Machine Gun, Plasma Gun, and much more. The enemies you face are the same enemies you face in Doom 1 & 2. Some do attack kind of differently, but that's mostly it. Heck, there is even some new enemies that are fun and interesting to fight.You will get hit, so you better find armor and health so you don't die easily. Every level has Medkits, Healing Stations (You can only use the Healing Station gives you 10 health every time you interact with it, but you can only heal 10 times on a single Healing Station.), Armor Shards, Ammo, and much more. The healing and armor mechanics are the same, but feel different at the same time.The Remaster looks cleaner than the original. While some icons are still blurry, the look of the game has improved. Even the game runs very smooth.The game does have some issues that does make the collection less enjoyable:-Doom 1 & 2 are censored. The Red + on the Medkits were replaced with a Red and White Pill, and the Secret Level (The Wolfenstein Level) was strongly censored in Doom 2. They removedanything Nazi Related.http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=1121101271-Since Doom 3 Remastered is brighter and you have a Shoulder-Light, it does make the game less scary.-Some guns feel more weaker than they should (Like the Shotgun. Sometimes it takes 4 shots to kill an Imp.)-The Storage Mechanic. You might disagree, but finding the Code for a Storage Unit is very tedious usually.-Doom 1, 2, and 3 aren't moddable. While this doesn't effect me at all, it might turn some people off.-Doom 3 doesn't have any Subtitles.Over and all, Doom 3: BFG Edition is a good collection. Even though it has issues, Doom 3 Remastered is a really fun FPS. Doom 1 & 2, while censored, are great classics.Recommended!This is my opinion. If you don't like this game, that's completely fine."
,Recommended,208200,12705336,"Posted: 31 October, 2014",all,unknown,"Doom 1 and 2 are the perfect games and don't need a review.Doom 3 has a flashlight with broken batteries and doubled ammo in most ammo boxes which ruins unique Doom 3 experience. No visual graphic inprovements (or at least I was unable to see the difference aside proper 16:9). Weapon sounds are the still the same and they sound meh (except for plasma gun. God bless the man who made that sound). Cannot recommend this version - classic Doom 3 was harder.Resurrection of Evil was changed for the reasons unknown. Lots of ammo, new map layout (most noticeable during battle against third hunter - you could get under the arena to get health and souls) - why would they do that? Main character still makes hilarious faces during cutscenes. Play it if you want, map changes are not that significant.Lost Mission is a nice expansion. Most areas are open, lots of monsters, less spooky moments. The gameplay is pretty close to classic doom. If you don't like Doom 3 because of slow-paced gameplay - give the expansion a chance."
,Recommended,208200,8689955,"Posted: 12 January, 2014",all,Zagcizes,"Doom 3: BFG Edition is a great reboot of the DOOM franchise with all DOOM Games included in the One Game. DOOM 3 was criticized for being too Dark and having to use your flashlight separate to the gun, but it fixes this the shoulder light. Graphics are upgraded with little details. The HUD has a clean new look, and of course... The Gameplay is still awesome! DOOM 1 and 2 are complete with all episodes/campaign for each. Multiplayer is incorporated with steam in Doom 3. It has Achievements which is nice benfit. Overall the Game is great if you love the Doom series and want to have them in a one title, and if your new to the series is a great way to get all games. Highly recommend this game!10/10 - I love the DOOM Series... GET IT NOW!If you want to watch a Full Play!/Playthrough you can watch it herehttps://youtu.be/4tdXDDEtgjI"
76561198010155821,Recommended,208200,33693432,Posted: 21 July,all,Alvarion,"Doom 3: Replay EditionFunny thing about this particular incarnation of Doom 3 is that, at large, it is played by people who already played the original. Either lured by expansions or original Doom and Doom 2 to give this one a chance.With this in mind. What's in it for you fellow doomguys?All in oneMost alluring part of BFG edition is simple fact that it includes all that Doom franchise had to offer up to BFG's release date. Meaning original Doom (Ultimate), Doom 2 with expansion ""No Rest for the Living"" and Doom 3 with ""Ressurection of Evil"" (which is not standalone, so buying them together is required) and earlier unreleased ""Lost Mission"" - campaign based off cut content from original Doom 3.Hillarious as it may be I completed Doom and Doom 2 for the first time in 2017 with this edition. I can highly reccomend that once you have beaten the Doom 3 or any modern high-end shooter. Experience brings things into perspective.Doot 3Still the meat of it all is Doom 3. And the things have changed. I don't mean that now game runs in high resolutions and has improved lighting effects. BFG's Doom 3 has  a slightly different gameplay. Doom 3 was meant to be something else to begin with - a survival horror game. Moving stress from ""run and gun"" to ""thread carefully, it's right behind you and that wall"". Game slowed its pace and required far more methodic approach. Scarce munitions combined with jumpscare theatre and dark claustrophobic corners kept you on your toes.They don't anymore, at least not quite. Moving flashlight to your shoulder rather than requiring you to carry it instead of a weapon seems mighty convenient and it is. Too convenient in fact since with wise battery usage there are no dark corners anymore making most zombie sequences entirely harmless. Probably being the reason why some encounters were scrapped althogheter. BFG also revises the ammount of supplies avialable and ammo capacity for some guns (f.e. 600 cap instead of 540 for Machine Gun). You don't have to count bullets anymore or search for hidden stashes as primary means of survival. The amount of armour avialable is simply ridiculous and there is now way to use it all while progressing the game normally.Lost Mission is the only completely new content and being rather short it is fun to play and let's you see some of the designes that haven't made it into the final cut of Doom 3 (f.e. hell was originally meant to be an entire ""zone"" like Alpha labs not a big level).Summing it up BFG Edition makes the game simply easier. I can't help the feeling that they tried to put a little of ""run and gun"" into the Doom 3 with this revision but should they really do that? I leave judgement up to you. For survival experience I recommend playing original Doom 3. If you are up for having a blast then BFG's Doom 3 is simply more convenient to play."
76561197993634124,Not Recommended,208200,16608483,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,artificial,"Give serious, serious thought to buying the games seperately. I bought the Doom 3 pack years ago on DVD but left the disks in another continent, so I thought I'd buy the BFG edition, and I regret it. You can mod vanilla Doom 3 to much better graphics than this; look up Doom 3 Absolute HD on Youtube.  You can also buy Doom 1 or 2 and run them with a program like Zandronum or GZDoom and they'll be great on a modern PC.Doom 3 hasn't got much going for it, it's a very dark mess, but at least it's unique. The BFG edition lightens everything up and gives you a shoulder light, gun shots also don't lighten the surrounding area; they've removed the only charm Doom 3 ever had; plus it severely increases the amount of ammo you're given so it adjusts the entire balance of the game.Plus... they made the cutscenes unskippable!"
,Recommended,208200,23646012,"Posted: 18 June, 2016",all,President Truman,"The sheer amount of content makes this game worth the price tag, but if you get it on sale like I did, you are in for a massive treat. Doom 3: BFG Edition is a bundle of the original three DOOM games (plus all of the expansions ever released) which have been remastered and re-released with steamworks integration for modern operating systems.On a personal note, the first three DOOM games are some of the best games I've ever played and historically are some of the most revolutionary games ever released. This is due to the fact that these games are designed to be fun - it's quite obvious that the story plays second fiddle to the gameplay. The level design is some of the best I've played, and the graphics were revolutionary for the time (although they don't really hold up by today's standards).Despite my gushing, there are some flaws - not with the original standalone games, but with the way that they have been remastered. The biggest complaint is about Doom 3's lighting and flashlight mechanics. A fundamental feature of Doom 3 was that it was a really dark game, where sometimes it was impossible to see if there were enemies in front of you, which added to it's claustrophobic nature. In order to see you had to manually switch to your flashlight and quickly switch back to your weapon in order to shoot something. However, in the BFG Edition, everything is lit up a bit more, and the flashlight (which is rarely used) is now ""shoulder-mounted"" - so you can use it and shoot at the same time, which makes the game a whole lot more easy. This also means that the outdated textures aren't hidden in the shadows, and if you're a graphics orientated person, this can start to annoy you.There are also some some technical faults. The main one is that you can't ALT-TAB without going out of fullscreen mode first. The console has been locked and the only way to unlock it is with commands in the game launch options. And finally, whenever I take a screenshot with F12, the game disables achievements, because for some reason it thinks I am opening the console, which is extremely annoying, because the console is locked!Despite it flaws, I would highly recommend this game, it has been one of my most enjoyable gaming experiences this year thus far (despite coming out almost four years ago). This is a great way to experience the DOOM franchise while waiting for the new DOOM game to become a bit cheaper."
,Recommended,208200,19544155,"Posted: 7 December, 2015",all,Average Avocado,"First of all this is a relatively long review, but it covers quite a bit :PWhen you look at FPS games today, one can marvel at how things have improved over the course of the FPS timeline, how many good and bad FPS games we've experienced over the last two decades, and then of course one can't at times help but wonder where it all came from. Those of us who were fortunate enough to see how games have grown will know that the godfather of all FPS games is none other than DOOM.(BFG EDITION CONTENTS)So what makes DOOM 3: BFG Edition so special? First of all it contains the nearly complete DOOM bundle... nearly complete as in meaning it contains Ultimate DOOM; DOOM 2; DOOM 3; DOOM 3 Resurrection of Evil and the latest installment; DOOM 3 Lost Missions. All that is missing is Final DOOM (standalone modification of DOOM 2) and the two episodes it contains being TNT Evilution and The Plutonia Experiment. This of course is a bit of a bummer, but not as bad, since they are in my opinion not as important and on top of it all incredibly difficult.(DOOM 1 & 2)For those who haven't experienced this awesome game, it consists of a TON load of shooting/killing, monsters, awesome weapons and the hordes of Hell. DOOM 1 and 2 has linear maps with good old 90's graphics/gore. You spend the entire length of the game running and shooting, finding keys and items for your arsenal. It is very little story orientated, but there is a bit of a plot none the less. If you're into old-school games like I am, then I highly recommend you give this game a shot, unless you already have (which I'm sure most of you have) ;)(DOOM 3 and INSTALLMENTS)DOOM 3 and its expansions has the improved id tech 4 engine, and comparing it to its predecessors has immensely improved graphics. It does focus a whole lot more on the horror aspect of DOOM, narrow halls, close corridors, zombies, freaky ambience, you name it. A lot have complained in the past about the game not focussing on the core of the originals, and that the main focus was on horror alone. In my opinion it took DOOM to a whole new level of FPS but this comes from a guy who enjoys horror so the best I can say is play and decide for yourself. :) DOOM 3 still sticks to the large amount of weapons, heavy actioned packed, slaying the hordes of Hell theme, but is a lot darker and spookier, so beware ;)(FEATURES)Other features include achievements for all of the installments of this game, an upgraded multiplayer mode for DOOM 3, frames per second being boosted to 120hz if your PC can support it, the flashlight is now part of your suit instead of a single item, and other than that a few tweaks here and there. In short I put my stamp of approval on this game.(SPOILER)A little bit of info on The Lost Missions: it takes off right after Bravo Team got wiped out in DOOM 3. There were two survivors, of which one you experience being killed, while the other by luck survived and you play as that marine taking on his own quest against Hell.(PLOT CONNECTION)Though I doubt that any of these will have a direct connection with the upcoming DOOM 4, it might be a good idea just to see how and where things began. The only ones that really connect at this stage is DOOM 1 and 2, but there is very little of a connection with DOOM 3, other than the UAC and the hordes of Hell. DOOM 4 by the looks of it will not be as horror intensified, but will be going back to the roots of DOOM 2, so it remains to be seen how the plot is going to turn out and whether it will have link with its predecessors."
,Recommended,208200,23011702,"Posted: 15 May, 2016",all,ShastaDood,"DOOM 3: BFG Edition Pro's and Con's reviewPros-TONS of content with Doom 3, RoE, Doom 1 and 2 along with a new campagin for Doom 3 and Doom 2-The guns are great each one has a different purpose, with the shotgun for close range, the plasma rifle for mid range and the machinegun for long range each gun provides different variations of combat-Supports 3D Vision-Improved graphics from vanilla Doom 3-All the demons feel unique and different-Boss battles are fast and intense-Weapons are very balenced in multiplayer-Level design is top notch-Steam achievments cover all three games that are included-On the surface the story seems boring but once you looker deeper you'll find the story is very interesting-Atomosphere is perfect for a survival horrorCons-The shoulder light is much more convienent and thats not a good thing-The multiplayer maps are ok-The Doom and Doom II ports are mediocre-Multiplayer is dead-Random crashes (not very frequent but still annoying)-Ammo is way to plentiful, making sure that you never have to worry about ammo. Even though one of the challenges in Doom 3 was ammo, and this version takes it away-All of the unique arcade games in RoE are replaced with ""Super Turbo Turkey Puncher 3"" from Doom 3-The design for the Cacodemon and Pinky are ugly and awkward-Like the originals the pistol is useless after the player gets the shotgun-NO MORE MOD SUPPORTGet it on sale"
,Not Recommended,208200,19636233,"Posted: 11 December, 2015",all,Saint iGNUcius,"4 hours is what I spent playing DooM 1, until I found out that not only are the classic versions of DooM included here censored and generally inferior, the ""HD"" version of DooM 3 is not much of an improvement over regular DooM 3 graphically, and has gameplay changes for the easier.You'll probably never read this, but I wanted to include a review while lowering the game's aggregate user score.I recommend all the games included here, but get DooM 1+2 package standalone, and DooM 3 regular."
76561198013026902,Recommended,208200,2815044,"Posted: 17 August, 2013",all,The Jaguar,"Even though DOOM 3 is old-school, it still scares the pants off of me when I play it.  Lots of fun!"
,Recommended,208200,34251668,Posted: 15 August,all,Joeȵ 🎮the ШIZλRD🎮,Amazing. Also contains DOOM I and DOOM II too. DOOM 3 is more based around the horror genre but still good in my opinion.
,Recommended,208200,22715525,"Posted: 29 April, 2016",all,.:NFA:. Electronic Eric,"This game is 10 years old, and it looks better and plays better than a lot of games made today."
,Not Recommended,208200,18230094,"Posted: 27 September, 2015",all,Harmy,"Doom 3 with blurrier textures and a 'feature' where you can simulate the effects of playing Doom 3 while in a car going 200 MP/H. No mod support, either. Also unlike in regular Doom 3 it needlessly pauses the game to save.And it runs worse despite having little to no actual improvements. If you're looking for a beautiful way to play Doom 3 get the original and install Wulfen's texture pack and Sikkmod to save yourself a lot of headaches.0/10"
,Recommended,208200,13713206,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,CorvusCorax,"As the description implies this is a collection of all the doom games that have been released to date (2014). Obviously, this is a good purchase instead of buying each title separately (especially if the bundle is on sale). The first menu asks you to select which Doom game you wish to play. It was real fun to play with the first two Doom games many years after their release and as an added feature now all games have achievements.While the description boasts Doom 3 now has updated graphics it still looks an outdated game (after all, it was released more than 10 years ago). It should not be the driving factor for those wishing to purchase this pack - still, added features are always a good thing not to mention the included 3D support.Notice the flashlight our protagonist now has mounted on his shoulder. No need to use it separately instead of our weapon - it did add to the scary aspect of the game but later became annoying. While this is a nice feature a mod was already released to the original Doom 3 solving this problem.Beside the upgraded graphics another extra feature is the addition of a new campaign. While this is not particularly long and do not offer us new enemies or weaponry it is a good addition to the already great story happening on Mars.BFG Edition is a decent compilation of Doom games and a good pastime until Doom 4 is released."
76561198028804864,Recommended,208200,32876068,Posted: 27 June,all,Passivsaufen,"Atmosphere gloomy with cool sound, horny weapons and many shadows in which evil monsters hide.Here in the BFG of the Big ♥♥♥♥ing Game Edition;) even better than the original and in 4K widescreen.One thing you must have in your gallery!-----------------------------------------------Atmosphäre düster mit coolen sound, geilen waffen und vielen schatten in denen sich böse monster verstecken.Hier in der BFG der Big ♥♥♥♥ing Game Edition  ;) noch besser als das original und das in 4K wide screen.Eines was du haben must in deiner Gallerie!"
,Recommended,208200,14027539,"Posted: 17 January, 2015",all,Tom,"This was a game that I had never played the original (blasphemy eh?) but I was always a fan of the Doom series when I was younger, however this is supposed to be a re-masted version...it doesn't exactly look ""remastered"" when you compare it to other games of its time, textures are very bland, and character models almost look pixelated. At one point I had to check I wasn't playing on a lower resolution because of how poor the graphics looked.That being said, I really enjoyed the gameplay. Once I got my hands on the chainsaw, that was pretty much all I used, it was so overpowered that I could just mow through hoards of aliens without even trying.The horror aspect of this game gets very samey very fast. To begin with I found my self actually being quite scared and the jump-scare moments really had me, but once you get used to them, there is no fear factor at all.I will recommend this game, as it is something all gamers should experience being part of the Classic Doom series, but it's certainly not one of the best out there."
,Not Recommended,208200,24296918,"Posted: 13 July, 2016",all,VonTurnip,"Don't make the mistake that I made and buy this game. The games included are not only not moddable, but censored and lacking certain pieces of content, at least in regards to Doom 3. On top of that, this game is surprisingly vulnerable to just straight-up not working. My copy of the game just started crashing at launch at the point when I had already clocked in about 18 hours of play. Fan-freakin'-tastic.Sure, this bundle includes Ultimate Doom, Doom II (with No Rest For The Living) and a remastered version of Doom 3 that has a significant amount of graphics, engine and performance-related improvements with some superficial negative changes to the original Doom 3 experience that can simply be rectified with a few mods, but the same can be said for a singular copy of Doom 3 that you can buy individually. That's where my main problem with the game lies; the upsides of the BFG edition are only ever expressed through a few more dollars that you just saved, but even then, you'd be better off buying the Classic Doom Bundle and Doom 3 individually. Here's why.First off, the inclusion of Ultimate Doom and Doom II. It's great, isn't it! You get a neat little collection of two legendary games that defined generations to come and are still fun to play to this day and Doom 3... but, as I said, just buy the Classic Doom Bundle. Not only do you get Ultimate Doom and Doom II, you also get Final Doom and Master Levels for Doom II for, like, two extra dollars. It's worlds better than the copies of Ultimate Doom and Doom II included in the BFG edition for two extremely important reasons. For one, the BFG edition copies are censored. For two, the BFG edition copiesARE NOT MODDABLE.On the other hand, the copies included in the Classic Doom bundle are absolutely moddable. That's right, folks, the BFG edition is not moddable.Second off... well... Doom 3 is Doom 3. It has its audience and I won't really be doing a full review of the separate game here, but if you ask me, just do yourself a favour and buy Doom 3 by itself when it goes on sale for about $2.49. Sure, it's missing the exclusive Lost Mission pack... but... I wouldn't give a scrap of an iota of any interest. I just don't care about it, to be honest. And yes, Doom 3: BFG Edition has some pretty significant changes to its singleplayer such as the changing-up of already-delicately-structured combat into an inconsistent mess and the complete omission of certain elements such as the Hazmat Suit. These changes don't exactly help to strengthen the initial construction of Doom 3's singleplayer. To be frank, they really weaken the whole survival-horror aspect of the game.Believe me, you're not saving yourself any money here with this bundle. Just walk on by."
76561198121356748,Recommended,208200,23821668,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,Papa Bless,"I'm gonna do a rudown / review of the games in this bundle. (Because that's what it is)Doom & Doom 2The classics. Fast paced gameplay, fun guns, and general enjoyment. One complaint about doom 2. The level design is really confusing and can be frustrating at times.Doom 3Doom 3 is an odd one to me, because the only similarity it shares with Doom is the monsters and story, and that's about it. the gameplay is a lot slower, and you have to reload the guns. The game has also gone from balls to the wall action to slow survival horror like shooter. Not the best, but enjoyable in short spans.Doom 3: Ressurection of EvilYes, I will be considering the expansions seperate games. Doom 3 RoE is, in my opinion, better than Doom 3. The reason I say this is beause RoE has some very good mechanics. In RoE, you hold an artifact that has the ability to slow time, give you ""beserk"" super strenth, and makes you invulnerable (all for a short time). also, you can now use the Grabber to catch fireballs thrown by imps and move boxes and such (most likely inspired by the earlier Half Life 2). It's a short 3-4 hour experience and I'm sure you'll have fun with it.Lost MissionNothing too special about this one. Just a 2 Hour long additional level for Doom 3.Overall, I would highly reccomend Doom 3 BFG Edition."
76561198027973635,Recommended,208200,24406752,"Posted: 19 July, 2016",all,Intimacy,"I really wish they brought back the original flashlight mechanics though. They changed it to a rechargeable flashlight that is mounted on his vest or whatever. You used to have to put away your weapon to use the then infinite flashlight.Call me old school, but I prefer that mechanic better. I'm an original Doom 3 owner and other elements of the game have changed but it is ultimately a good remaster and I would recommend this over the original."
76561198202562568,Recommended,208200,32476042,Posted: 16 June,all,Azazel0821,"Works GREAT with Oculus Rift + Touch. After searching ""F4cepa1m Doom 3 vr install Oculus Touch guide"" I was easily able to get this working on my Rift. This is in my top 5 best gaming experiences ever. Once you have been in the world Doom 3, other games just don't hold up.Doom VFR is going to be great!"
,Recommended,208200,30583722,Posted: 17 March,all,Hactavish,"DooM 3: Lost Mission is what Doom 3 should have been. i mean it's horror, lot of demons to kill, both close and large area.For doom 3 itself it feels empty, because there is only few demons in your way. but what i appreciate is the horror atmosphere (F.E.A.R. alike), the demons design look badass and terrifying, and it is still felt like a classic shooter. Doom 3 Resurection of evil felt better than doom 3 but its kinda short expansion. Doom 3 is not a bad game but perhaps a bad Doom.i recommend you to get this Doom 3 BFG edition instead, because you would have  Ultimate Doom, Doom II, Doom 3 with 2 expansions, resurection of evil and Lost mission that only available at BFG Edition so i recommend you to buy this edition.ps: i'm stuck at the menu to listen the Badass Music"
,Recommended,208200,28640978,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,That Sky Guy,"With updated visuals, fast load times, and a lot of replay ability, the BFG Edition never disappoints. As well as including both Ultimate Doom and Doom II, the BFG Edition sports all the Doom 3 Extra content as well, making this a very lucrative buy. Lump in the interesting assortment of achievements, and you've got the the trilogy of the series that started it all!"
,Recommended,208200,25797021,"Posted: 1 October, 2016",all,Hippie Gamer ☮,"Although DOOM 3 itself is, in my opinion, the worst DOOM game that exists, it's still a good game and if you're gonna get DOOM 3 at all, this version is the better one due to the fact it's ""remastered"" and the fact it comes with the classic, badass, amazing DOOM I and DOOM II video games and the seperate copies of both of these games do NOT work well on Steam at all if you're on newer operating systems.If you're looking for a way to get just the classics however, GOG Galaxy, Steams DRM-free competitor, has both the DOOM and Quake series fully functional."
,Recommended,208200,29419130,Posted: 22 January,all,Revenge,"Playing in VR on:HTC Vive, GTX 760i76700K @ 4GHzRAM 16GBNote:The hours I have played do not show because I play outside of steam, launching from a mod.An excellent experience. I used to play Doom 3 a decade ago and so bought the Doom 3 BFG edition when I read that it could be played, via a modhttps://www.reddit.com/r/Vive/comments/5e1cbp/allinone_doom_3_bfg_vr_mod_texture_pack_guide/?limit=500, in VR on my Vive. I thought it would just be interesting to see it in VR but played this way it is incredible. I am in Doom 3.If I was to rank it today vs about 40 other VR games it probably shares the top slot with Elite Dangerous."
,Not Recommended,208200,10470047,"Posted: 14 June, 2014",all,OmniMoron,"First of all, I want to say I like ID software and what they're doing... Mostly. TLDR buy Quake 4, this isn't worth it.I already owned Doom 3, but I bought this version hoping it would be more bearable to play. Oh boy was I wrong.Yes the always available flashlight is needed, but the same old Doom 3 bs gets you all the time.Here's how the game goes:You go to a mission critical area --> closet monsters come from behind and front of you, some may teleport.You pick a powerup or a gun -->  closet monsters come from behind and front of you, some may teleport.You pick your nose -->  closet monsters come from behind and front of you, some may teleport.I do love Doom 1 and 2 and I do realize they had their share of closet monsters and teleporters too. But the closet monsters weren't so annoying or common. And there are no technological constraints to spawning monsters nowadays.And then there's the issue with the weapons: Pistol = crap, shotgun from 1m away = crap (shoved up on an enemys ♥♥♥♥♥♥ it's ok), grenade = useless, rocket launcher = meh, BFG = not nearly as fun as in D1 or 2.The biggest problem with weapons is that only zombies react in any way to damage. You can headshot a full clip to an enemy with chaingun and it just keeps shooting or charging at you.And sounds: Weapon sounds are -really lacking punch-. Shotgun deserves a mention of really lacking a satisfying sound. Chaingun sound is surprisingly good and plasma ok, everything else is not. Your character doesn't make a lot of noise when hurt, if any. Imps make same screetching noise that was in Turok 2 and I don't think it suits them well. The fat rocket shooters and crawling wing babies make actually nice atmospheric sounds.This version also dumbs down settings way too much. And I don't think the textures are even the 512MB ones that were available with original Doom 3 (even though they should be improved???). Some textures are really pixelated and I don't remember that being the case with the higher quality ones in the original. My LOD bias is was set to highest.Well at least you get the Doom 1 and 2 wads with this version."
,Recommended,208200,33620739,Posted: 17 July,all,Javier Duarte,10/10: Would kill flying babies again.
76561198011363902,Recommended,208200,31685315,Posted: 11 May,all,Phoebus,"I'm sure alot of people would be dissapointed with me; my introduction to ""Doom"" was the movie starring, Dwayne Johnson. for the most part i enjoyed the movie. I decided to play Doom 3 after i played Doom 1&2 and steam. I thouroughly enjoyed this game, kept on the edge, always peaking around every corner, every weapon was usefull for some type of enemy. If you were to take the Doom movie, and the film ""Event Horizon"", and you will have Doom 3 the movie. I recommend this game,"
,Not Recommended,208200,16074095,"Posted: 30 May, 2015",all,Dickey™,"If you're planning on buying doom 3, don't get the BFG edition...Modding is Impossible.If you were to get the original doom 3, you're able to make it look unhumanly better than BFG (with the absolutehd mod of course).The only benefits i could think of from the BFG version are: doom 1 and 2 (which you cant mod), controller support, and the lost missions which is only 1 hour long and nothing really worth wanting, since you get enough from the base game and resurrection of evil.So in TL;DRGet the original Doom 1, 2, and 3 when they're on sale, BFG isn't an improvement but really more of a cash grab:("
,Not Recommended,208200,11097438,"Posted: 6 July, 2014",all,Kanaev,"Doom 3 is an incredible game. I thought BFG Edition is gonna be even better. I thought wrong. New textures are awesome, yeah. New interface is kind of consol-ish, but viable.But they really ♥♥♥♥ed up lighting. It's not dark where it was dark anymore and even more - now they invented duck tape and you can use your gun and a flashlight at the same time. And it's horrible. I was scared as ♥♥♥♥ when I wandered in the darkness with only a flashlight in hands and when there was an enemy - I had to face him in the dark, only flashes from firing my gun illuminated the foe and surroundings. That was scary. That was atmospheric. Now? Now the dark areas are not so dark as they were AND I can use flashlight anytime I want.Also - almost no capacity for ammo. No more running from full ammo to no ammo in one wave of enemies. And it ruins atmosphere as well. Now I can easily complete the game with any gun I want, because I always have 900-ish ammo for it (while in vanilla it rarely was above two numbers). I was forced to use different fighting styles with different guns. I was forced to save up certain weapons for certain enemies and use the ♥♥♥♥ing flashlight when I knew I can deal with them. Let me repeat myself here - that was scary. That was atmospheric. I LIKED IT. And now they took away at least two major atm elements, the game is not so great now... It's good as a shooter, but without athm it just ain't the same...♥♥♥♥ BFG Edition. Though it has achievements, widescreen and other cool features - ♥♥♥♥ it. Vanilla Doom 3 is better. AND you can mod the♥♥♥♥♥♥outta it, so, yeah, mod it to widescreen and better textures. You can do it."
,Recommended,208200,12999240,"Posted: 18 November, 2014",all,Don't let your dreams be dreams,"This game doesn't need a review.Guys is DooM, who doesn't know DooM?NO...WRONG....IT NEEDS A REVIEW.....AND EVEN A LONG ONE!Let me tell you this story (true). I was talking with this guy, you know the typical modern videogamer all about ""cuda cores/memory bandwidth/fov/blablablablabla"" when I asked him, informed person, what he thought of DooM.""Oh yes pretty graphic lot of light and shadow games nice horror scenario""And I was like ""no...no no no...no no no no no...I mean DooM...the old one...the one from 1993...you know right?""And the answer was ""DooM?...the old one?....no man I don't play such old games like those with that pixel graphic without details.....""And while he was still talking I gently and slowly stood up I grabbed my chair and I've smashed it on his head so hard that today he's still spinning.....AND THIS HAPPENED FOUR YEARS AGO OKAY?I mean seriously, if you are a true gamer you don't really care about graphic because mostly you will look for few things like:- Gaming experience- Entertainment- Fun- Gameplay innovation- SoulThis is what you will find in the BFG edition of DooM 3...all the three DooM complete with their expansions and even the deleted levels!Games of those days are too much linear and too much easy to understand and even to finish....but....What other game will make you cry about looking for the ""Red Card"" to open the door?DooM!And when you will find the ""Red Card"" you will discover that you will even need the ""Gold Card"" to open the last door and you will want to cut your veins!What game will make you turn your head side to side, upside down, on an angle, etcetc to try to understand the map?DooM!.......................Layout of map that even Blizzard copied for Diablo!You like action? You like shooting? You like running all over maps that looks like a labirinth looking for a key? You like plasma guns that you don't need to reload every 40 shots? You like a end boss that you will have no idea how to kill it? And at least...you like REAL big enemies?Then DooM 1 and 2 are the games for you...but what about DooM 3?Different but not boring or a fail at all. Where DooM 1 & 2 are more direct action, DooM 3 is a more elegant soft impact game that in some parts will drastically increase when you will be locked inside a room and something like 20 monsters will starts to spawn around you.Where DooM 1 & 2 doesn't care about scaring you DooM 3 will focus more into trying to get you focused on the game, so focused that you will jump form your chair when something will try to hit you from a wall.Where DooM 1 & 2 have a short text story where you will be the only one hero of the situation, DooM 3 will give you a better story and plot experience by adding even a lot of info about this and that in the game, dialogs and recordings too.If you will find this pack on a sale...simply get it, it will entertain you for a lot of time and you will hardly get bored of it. Even because when you will finish it you will feel the need to play it again.Overall:Graphic 8/10Sounds 8/10Gameplay 8/10Longevity 9/10"
,Not Recommended,208200,8820020,"Posted: 23 January, 2014",all,Entamrik,"One of the most pathetic ports in recent history. I can only reccomend this to people who have powerful computers but don't understand how to click-and-drag folders.Bfg edition preserves the original perfectly: It's visually aged like milk, the sound effects are awful, the gameplay is uninspired and the enemies die with their brains falling out comically.A lot of these issues can be fixed with mods, which transform the game into an actual well paced and scary experiecne. Hovever, Bfg edition has no mod support, that should immediatley dissuade you from buying it, if you can't figure out mods then get it for consoles, there is no reason to buy this version over the original. Not even Doom 1 & 2, which are practially freeware at this point.The major selling point of a portable flashlight would be really useful if they didn't turn up the brightness of all the levels. It's a change people were cheering for and it ends up ruining the atmosphere when the shadow crawling beasts can be seen in a room that should be pitch black.For a while, I was convinced that Doom 3 was just an awful game until I played the originals with a few simple mods. It's kind of sad considering they made this port to guage if people like me were still intrested in the IP, but it ended up doing the exact opposite.Go play Bioshock or Serious Sam 3 instead, whichever experience you're looking for is not here."
,Recommended,208200,22528606,"Posted: 19 April, 2016",all,✪VenomJoe™✪,"If you can get this on sale, it is well worth the price, tons of gameplay."
,Recommended,208200,22522449,"Posted: 19 April, 2016",all,Bad@$$5k,Doom 3: not the best action but scared the poop out of meDoom 2: classic gameDoom : too gud
,Not Recommended,208200,19634350,"Posted: 11 December, 2015",all,danly,"It has censored and broken IWADs for Doom 1 and 2, no Master Levels of Doom 2; and adds nothing to Doom 3 that the SIKK mod didn't already do.However, it comes with NERVE.WAD; which is now the third 'official' IWAD alongside DOOM.WAD and DOOM2.WAD. So if you want to play No Rest for the Living then pick this up.On sale. Don't pay more than $5 for this shovelware."
,Not Recommended,208200,14079112,"Posted: 20 January, 2015",all,Usurper,"As a PC gamer there's not that many titles that bring a smile to my face when somebody mentions them but Doom is one of those legendary titles. Doom Shareware ate up many hours of my life as a younger self, with it's maze like level design, a melodically (But shamefully ripped off) delicious soundtrack, tons of guns and running as fast as the speed of sound through those levels.As somebody that has tried to play Doom 3 but failed due to none of the widescreen fixes working so I was pretty pleased to hear that the DooM BFG edition had all three of them packaged together with the Resurrection of Evil expansion. So I was able to play Doom 3 finally in widescreen at 1080p with no issues.Doom 3 is a fairly interesting title as it throws away a lot of the elements that made Doom the classic that many people have fond memories of and goes for a more horror filled jump scare approach, with the iconic monster closets making an appearance, but only as a jumpscare, another thing with Doom 3 is it tries to have more of a story based approach by taking cues from other games that were around at the time (Half Life especially) and having audio logs to put the narrative forward in which Doom 3 predates Bioshock by three years.My main issue with Doom 3 however is the linearity of the game. With some tropes that would appear later on in gaming, such as ""door won't open unless specific event happens"" Though I had a bit of fun with Doom 3, despite characters not being very well fleshed out and motivations not really making sense (ID have never been great with stories) but alas there are things I really like about it, such as the first encounter with the Imp shooting the fireball and the wonderful half mechanical Pinkie running through the glass but despite all this I still feel that Doom 3 is lacking that special something. Despite having things that weren't in the game at launch (Torch being the main thing)Also the boss battle with the cyberdemon is pretty anticlimatic.The single player is solid but yet unremarkable, with some pretty atrocious sound  in which the main assualt rifle sounds like a childs potato gun and the pistol feels like a toy, but the Chainsaw at least feels like a chainsaw.Multiplayer is unfortunately not great, with a small community and still using peer to peer networking that side suggests to me that it's a console port... Of a PC game. (Let that sink in for a moment)On Ressurection Of Evil. Same story, unremarkable single player filled with reused enemies, gravity gun and a time mechanic that feels like wasted potential  but the hell level and the boss fight with Maledict is solid.Lost missions, they should have stayed lost. Great idea, not enough there but nice freebie.Overall I'd recommend it if it was on sale and you had a weekend free, untill then with it's glaring PC issues (I like having the options for 144HZ monitors and graphics options though, netcode, P2P and No LAN play kills it)"
76561198014838124,Recommended,208200,26189638,"Posted: 23 October, 2016",all,Col. Anubis24,Good old games type of the game. I love Doom 3 and all of the nice story that it has. The only problem the game has decided to crash after 2 hours of running time.Hope it doesn't happen again.
76561198090751129,Recommended,208200,26142236,"Posted: 21 October, 2016",all,El Paso,Classic Doom is even better than I rememberMetal riffs faster than your minigunAmazing running speedJust as good as any of the 2016 release games I am currently playing10/10 for longevity
,Not Recommended,208200,1802993,"Posted: 19 October, 2012",all,Wabbit,DO NOT BUY THISThis is a ganked console port that looks worse with removed features. Buy the original and tweak the ini so it runs in widescreen and you will have a much better experience.A ♥♥♥♥♥♥ cash grab that is very dissapointing.
,Recommended,208200,1798107,"Posted: 7 March, 2013",all,%20&amp;%20,doom 3: best friends giggling edition (for the kids)
,Recommended,208200,23412137,"Posted: 5 June, 2016",all,Mr. Rony,Good if you've never played DOOM 3 before or don't own the original DOOM 3Redundant if you already own Original DOOM 3.
,Recommended,208200,34437430,Posted: 23 August,all,Nicholas,"While Doom 3's graphics and presentation still hold up relatively well for a game from 2004, I found for the most part the gameplay did not. Most of the weapons feel weak and underpowered to me, and the core combat itself just doesn't feel fun or exciting.As an overall package though, this is still good value as you get Doom 3, it's nicely put together expansion, and the Lost Mission. The Lost Mission is kind of a nice way to get the entire Doom 3 experience in 2.5 hours instead of the 9~ hours it would take to play the base campaign.And of course on top of all this you get the original Doom games with a few Steam Achievements sprinkled on top. There's no Steam Cloud so it's kind of annoying you can't easily pick up your progress from different machines.Recommended, as this is still the nicest package for the original Doom content - but if you have a machine that can run it I would skip over this and just purchase the newest DOOM game."
76561198175521162,Recommended,208200,33896501,Posted: 29 July,all,rogesober,i loved all three games but the only downside is you can't download mods
,Not Recommended,208200,16538266,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,riky rice,No skippable cutscenes? Are we babies? Ah also screen tearing everywhere even using nvidia inspector. Buy the classic doom 3 instead
,Not Recommended,208200,1174035,"Posted: 4 August, 2013",all,Moki,"APART FROM THE HORRIBLE BUGS, INCLUDING THE ACHIEVEMENT DISABLING WHEN TAKING SCREENSHOTS AND SUCH..This contains alot of heavily great games, but seriously.. I've warned you. They haven't fixed this package, and that's a great letdown to me."
,Recommended,208200,13477727,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,Dark Side of the Moon,"Doom 3: BFG Edition is Doom 3 with updated graphics, it also includes the original Doom 1 and Doom 2. There is also all the expansions of Doom 3 such as Resurrection of Evil and The Lost Mission which is also remastered.+ The story is detailed yet simple, Becasue its so simple you can choose if you want to collect all the logs and videos which has lots more information about the story. For a FPS the story is well thought out.+ The graphics are alot better whan before since they updated the textures, shadows, lighting and lots more. This makes the game feel new. They only done this like Doom 3 and the expansions.+ Controls are spot on. They are very simple and you will quickly learn them. Only weird/bad thing about them is that right click is jump, but you can just change that since you can re-map the controls.+ Doom 3 is different from most first person shooters becasue the game can seem scary at first but then feel like a FPS, but also can feel like a Sci-fi story/adventure. It has alot more to Offer you.+ Having Doom 3, Resurrection of Evil, Lost Mission, Doom 1 and Doom 2 is great since there is so much entertainment to be had.+ Once you have completed the games there is still more to do such as multi-player, leaderboards and Steam achievements. This gives you a few more hours gameplay. The multi-player is a bit hard to start becasue not so many people play it. But if you try then you can create a match.+ The PC port runs very well and you should be able to max the game out easily. I used to play Doom 3 on my old computer witch only had a i3... No grathics card and I could run it on medium 900p.+ The environments are very detailed and change from time to time which works well becasue once it starts to get boring the game changes by allowing you to go into space or old parts of the space ship.- As I just said that the environment changes, the one problem with that is the massive build up. You visit hell towards the end which is great! But its very short which leaves you wanting more. But every other environment is fine.- The gametime is around 10 to 15 hours. Thats good but you find that its get a bit repetitive towards the end of the game because you just end up shooting then walking, then shooting and again, again and again. It fun but not arfter a while. Thats only a small issue with it.Overall I think that Doom 3: BFG Edition is a fun game which has lots of thing to offer. I would say its worth the money and if you like first person shooters then you should get this game. I am going to rate it 8.5 out of 10. Almost a 9 but only because there should be more gametime spent in hell which was so fun while is lasted that short amount of time. A great game which I would recommend."
,Recommended,208200,22807215,"Posted: 5 May, 2016",all,Hus,Classic horror. Definitely worth your time and money.
,Not Recommended,208200,10161397,"Posted: 18 May, 2014",all,Interrogator_Chaplain N!N ®,"Aside from what would be a typical rant about Crapethesda and all the petty arguements about the texture mods vs. bfg ill put it as simple as i can.The difference between BFG and Doom3 with mods is:--------------------------------------------------------------You can pay Beth to upgrade Doom 3 to HD with all the nice bells and whistles and get BFG.Cost: 20$ (spring 2014)ORYou can spend the time researching the correct mods and how to install them. Deal with downloads, securty, and debug. Upgrade Doom 3 with several mods.Cost: Time (how much is your life worth to you)--------------------------------------------------------------But the end result is about the same when you play the game. The Stock version with mods will give you the closest feel to the origional game but there are more drawbacks then the pro stock preachers will admit. Animation even with mods is off useing todays technology. Unless you have a system that was pulled from Doom3's day the game plays different and the animations, gameplay, feel, and preformance is just a bit off. For example the characters eyes are off pitch during animation causing some glances (like dievous gesture) to make the eye roll into the head.The BFG version will end in a different but, equal result (total payout consitered). The BFG version of Doom3 is a watered down shell of what Doom really is. Thankfully the game wasent totally ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ized like the horrible doom movie made with 'the rock'. But a lot was lost in BFG. The textures in the game wernt upgraded as well as they should for a sellable product, but then again we are dealing with bethesda and one should expect nothing more than a kindergarden level paper and paste product from these people. You do however get to enjoy a quick and easy option to play doom3 in hd with high preformance. The upgraded design of the game and ability to set your video without having to edit cfg files is quite nice.In the end its up to the player.Do you have money? Do you have time? Do you want to expierence doom3 as is origionally was? Do you want to go to the store and have Doom as the rights owners offer it today?"
,Recommended,208200,35009675,Posted: 16 September,all,John Henry Eden,Considering there 4 nearly perfect games and an extra DLC this is totally worth the price. I DO have a few gripes though.Although I would recommend Doom 3 and Doom 3 ROEs original versions over these because the change in engine changes the lighting and therefore the games. Especially with the shoulder mounted flashlight which makes these exponentially easier.This version gives you an easy way to run both Doom and Doom 2 though over the terrible to play standalones which is the highlight of the collection.I'm not a fan of The lost Mission at all. It was a bonus made just for this release. I played a bit of it when i had the Xbox version and put it down after an hour.
,Recommended,208200,23990554,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,KobraKira,"What are my thoughts on this new version of DOOM 3?Well i actually enjoyed it more than the original. While i do own the original for the mods and stuff, i enjoyed this version better than the other one. Not having to worry about swapping between the flashlight here and there, and just having it on or off when necessary is very handy. Yes that's one thing that made the original version intense, but i think that it's still intense enough even with this new flashlight.I also do like how the levels are a bit brighter. I know i'm gonna get hate for this, but i honestly don't mind it much at all really! Not to mention the game is still pretty damn dark still in most areas anyways. Besides, there are two ways to restore the original lighting. Either turn your brightness down, or use this in the launch options, or an autoexec.cfg file (r_lightscale 1).I also noticed how people complained about the fact that this version bumped up the ammo count. Honestly, ammo was never really an issue for me in the previous version either, and i think that it's still about the same to me in this new one.I also heard that the game was made easier, but i still found it challenging. I'm re-playing it on veteran right now, and i still think it's difficult at times. Although i know where to go and what to do after playing DOOM 3 so much, that to me, the difficulty felt quite unchanged.--------------------------Now about the expansions. Resurrection of Evil and the new ""Lost Mission"" expansion.I honestly didn't like Resurrection of Evil that much compared to the Lost Mission. (Also, yes i have not played or owned the ROE expansion before until recently with the BFG edition). I didn't hate it, but it just wasn't really that great to me. In all honesty, it kinda dragged on a little longer than it should have, IMO.Now about the Lost Mission, i really enjoyed it! Despite being shorter than ROE (which i didn't mind), it was still much more engaging to me than ROE was. Not to mention, hell was by far MUCH creepier in this than it was in DOOM 3, and ROE's campaign's. It just had a more hellish atmosphere to me compared to the other two campaign's hell levels. I think that overall, they did a great job with the Lost Mission campaign!--------------------------What do i dislike about this version of the game?Well i still hate the fact that in this version of DOOM 3, the shotgun feels a little bit weaker than the original was. I found that i still had to shoot imps about 2-3 times just to kill them, unlike the original version where it only took 1-2 shots. Sometimes they'll die in 1 shot, but i think that it's completely random in the BFG Edition compared to the original DOOM 3. Maybe it's because they added a wider spread or something, i don't honestly know.Sometimes this game tries to be fast-paced, but whenever it does try, i find that it just makes the core gameplay more difficult because it's not technically supposed to be fast like the original DOOM games. Sometimes this also makes it a bit cheap because you got imps and these other demons all up in your face while the flinching (Jesus christ the flinching...) throws you off so damn much to the point where you might as well reload a quicksave just to find a new way to go about the fight.Oh yeah, there's one more thing i don't like.....the DAMN FLINCHING. It's ridiculous at times, and what's worse is that upon getting jumped by an imp, or shot by a zombieman with a shotgun, you get blown backwards a little. God forbid you get caught up in a cluster♥♥♥♥ of demons, and you have to try and best them with your aim being thrown off with each hit. Regardless if it was a simple slap to the face or not. Honestly though, this is also a thing i hated in the original DOOM 3, so it's not exclusive to this version.-----------------------Overall, i think that despite these few flaws, DOOM 3 BFG Edition is still a nice remaster of the original version. Yes the graphics are pretty much unchanged from the original's ""ultra"" settings, but still. I thought that this was worth paying the sale price of $9.99, especially since it came with the expansions, and the first 2 DOOM games even though i already own them. I think that DOOM 3 BFG Edition was well worth it, and maybe even worth the full price!I know that this isn't really like the originals, but i do like to treat it as it was intended to be. A DOOM game, but changed up to be an atmospheric horror shooter. And it does just that! I recommend this version of DOOM 3. More so now that it's still on sale."
76561198015421685,Recommended,208200,24795432,"Posted: 9 August, 2016",all,X-RAY,"Great game, back then and now!- Innovative graphics, which aged great!- A change of pace from the old arcade-style to a modern horror-shooter IN SPACE!- BFG Edition, means a lot of bang for your buck!I remember picking up a chainsaw and feeling powerful for a second, realising that I can't hear the enemies anymore. So I put it away and some voice whispers in russian ""take him away"" (I know russian from playing CS:Source) spawning the demons. Or it could be a recipe for soup played backwards. Still scary.The video transmissions sent by the general are the best jump-scares though ""Marine!""So, nevermind the flashlight-controversy and enjoy a fine bone-chilling horror adventure!""Marine! Bravo squad is dead. Put your flashlight to use""FUN-FACT: Dr. Betrugers name is german and means ""fraud/ crook/ impostor"". So don't you trust him!"
76561198060632632,Recommended,208200,33196493,Posted: 3 July,all,sbrown0428,"Doom, Doom II, and Doom 3 all hold up surprising well for their age. Doom's simplicity is what made it fun when it first came out and today it's a nice change from the Michael Bay-like screen filling explosions and randomness of modern shooters. Doom 3 has some decent ambiance, enough to occasionally make me think I heard a noise in real life when playing late at night. The voice acting is hit or miss, but you're not here for that anyway. :)"
,Recommended,208200,14102933,"Posted: 21 January, 2015",all,MARKERO,"Red eyes, hands in blood and BFG 9000! Hardcore, oldschool & legend! Welcome to Hell!"
,Recommended,208200,22781020,"Posted: 3 May, 2016",all,CharismaticPanda,"All of the Doom games as of it's release in one package? Awesome, loved every minute I played even if I did suck at the originals, great nostalgia all round 8/10."
76561198004175983,Recommended,208200,33746197,Posted: 23 July,all,HunterSouls[PT],"Its a great game, take Doom 3 + expansion, and little and excelent bonus Doom Ultimate (DOOM I) and Doom II, plus have a excelent 60 fps on hight graphics. Take some a new fix on the lights and the special fix is the Flash light. SO if can buy this game buy it!!!"
,Recommended,208200,14507343,"Posted: 16 February, 2015",all,Retribution925,"This game is special to me.  I could go on and on and on how much I recommend this game.  Horror filled, blood, guts, gore, and great atmosphere.   I remember playing this on the Xbox and having my mind completley blown.  Great, great game.  Person to person, I urge you not to pass this game up."
76561198075297873,Recommended,208200,19670585,"Posted: 13 December, 2015",all,Sudraki Mesoga,"The Doom series has always been a challenge in it's own right, and with how evil, Sadistic, and SMART the A.I is in Doom 3 I give this game series two thumbs way up for anyone looking to play a different brand of Shooter."
,Not Recommended,208200,9303641,"Posted: 1 March, 2014",all,Groovy,"Such a disappointment. It's way to easy, the evironments are boring and lazy and the overall gameplay feels unsatisfying. Save your money on something worth buying, like the ""DOOM"" collection, which contains all the original games from the 90's."
76561197974877837,Not Recommended,208200,7758275,"Posted: 25 November, 2013",all,Spalls Hurgenson,"Despite its problems, Doom 3 is still more fun than it is annoying. Taken in small doses, its jump-scare filled corridors can be quite entertaining. And the BFG edition wrapped the entire product in a trouble-free installation, complete with Doom and Doom 2 as a nice added bonus. Its not something I'd ever have bought for full price but, well, you know... Steam Summer Sale.At first glance, the BFG edition is a huge step backwards, however. Its default level-of-detail seems to be set for XBox-era graphics, and its annoying tendency to autosave interrupts the game flow with a tasteless on-screen reminder. A few hacks remedied these minor issues, although even then the lighting - once the crown jewel of the idTech4 engine - seems less sophisticated than in its original release. Fortunately, the gameplay remains unmolested. True, its endless monsters-in-the-closets are trite and unimaginative, but - so long as I kept my sessions short - still workable nonetheless. The new ""Lost Levels"" campaign isn't anything to write about; dull, linear levels that tell no story; its saving grace is that it is too short to get upset about."
,Not Recommended,208200,10171376,"Posted: 19 May, 2014",all,MisterS42 [BEAST],"DO NOT BUY THIS GAME if you are trying to run sikkmod, wulfen or any of the HD textures that actually make this look like a modern FPS.  All id did was put the same game in an upgraded version of id Tech 4, clean up some character skins, and make the flashlight armor mounted (which was pretty much the first change the modding community made anyway).  This game looks awful nowadays and none of the mods for the original Doom 3 are compatible with the new engine.  And none of the modders are interested in the work, cause, you know, NEWER GAMES.The only good thing I got out of this purchase was the original DOOM wad files so I could play Brutal Doom.  That in itself is actually vastly more fun than Doom 3."
,Recommended,208200,10074691,"Posted: 10 May, 2014",all,Sr. Behemoth,"Nice game, come along with the classics Doom. But be warned of game crashes a lot for AMD users (bug on OpenGL, see the forums)"
,Not Recommended,208200,34699751,Posted: 2 September,all,ᏢᎯᕆᑯᏫⴽმᏣᏓՅ,"If you like it, then play it, but I started playing again for the first time in ages, and it only just now occurred to me just how effing DULL this game can be. For the first I-don't-know-how-many-hours, be prepared for such exciting locales as ""Dimly-Lit Hallway"", ""Darkly-Lit Science Experiment Room"", and my personal favorite, Grim-Looking Room-full of Computer Servers That Serve No Apparent Purpose""! Thrill to the excitement of reading dead people's inter-departmental emails and hunting down corporate PR videos, and then WATCHING THEM!!And oh yeah there's a lot of demons and zombies and other allegedly creepy stuff going down too, except that none of it actually feels creepy; seriously, for a game that's supposed to be ominous, it seems to have less atmosphere than Mars itself, maybe it's the lack of music, or the fact that every damn NPC looks like the same, one constipated dude; sometimes he's Asian and sometimes he's Black, but he's almost always bald and forgettable. The weapons are all the standard generic stuff we've been used to since the original DOOM; move along, nothing to see here. And I also have to say: enough with the monster closets already! It may work in a more action oriented game (like the originals or the 2016 game), but for a game that's trying so hard to have you take its narrative seriously it just feels contrived for random walls to open up and ""oho! there was a monster there in that hidden panic-room which exists for no other apparent purpose than for someone to hide their monster stash!""Look, I know we're talking about an old game here, and I shouldn't expect it to be BioShock or something, but I don't care which version you play, DOOM 3 has not aged well. But I'm not so sure that it really had that much going for it to begin with aside from the 1. awesome -for its time- graphics, 2. freaky enemy design, and 3. the name DOOM. Taking all this into account, it's not surprising that Rage was a disappointment; ID Software doesn't really make games so much as they design playable demos for their game and graphics engine tech. Granted, some of them do turn out to be great games (DOOM 2016), but all too often it seems like their heart just isn't in it - DOOM 3 is IMO a pretty good example of this, a symptom of a larger problem. Evidence of this engine-first mentality is the fact that if they're not showcasing a new engine, chances are the next game in a franchise will be developed by RavenSoft or some other dev. So to sum it up, DOOM 3 is a symptom of a much more fundamental problem, and should be taken with this in mind."
,Not Recommended,208200,14289542,"Posted: 1 February, 2015",all,Adam The Bug Dog,"Doom 3 BFG Edition...After playing this game, I kind of did not enjoy it, I enjoyed the atmosphere and fighting demons in the dark, hitting F to pull a club of a flash light out in the original DOOM 3. Having a mounted flashlight on your armor just ruins the atmosphere like ""Dark area and demons *Hit f key* There we go I am safe"" Some events like escorting the scientist with the lamp or following the light up IMP experiment tube for light were completly tedious! The whole reason those events happened is cause you had no flashlight with your guns, but now? ""OH♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ the scientist died!"" Or ""Oh fick mich! The tube is already long gone"" *Magical F key* Lets just make that scientist and stuff useless cause now my light is shoulder mounted! Not only that?! The game only runs in 1280x720... I could not make it run in fullscreen on a higher resolution or I got a openGL error. I had to go and lower my resolution through my Operating system so I could run in Fullscreen not Windowed...THIS GAME IS A BROKEN MESS!!! This is nothing more then a freaking cash in on the original DOOM franchise before bethesda releases a fourth game. BUYER BEWARE!P.S. some of you may enjoy the shoulder mounted flash light but I personally dont cause it removes a lot of the tension and scary atmosphere and makes some of the game levels useless cause of this shoulder mounted flash light..."
,Recommended,208200,10235790,"Posted: 25 May, 2014",all,Scarecrow,"Classic Game!, The Father of All The FPS....Be Ready To Visit The Hell, And Kill Some F*cking Demons"
76561198145326492,Recommended,208200,19686916,"Posted: 13 December, 2015",all,Darius,"This package is absolutely outstanding.A little backstory for this reviewFirst off, DOOM and DOOM 2 are two of my favourite games of all time.They were fun, addictive and filled with thrilling action. However, for some reason (probably because of the non-pixelated graphics that seemed odd for DOOM), I never picked up DOOM 3 when it came out, back in 2004. So, now that it's on sale on Steam, I bought this edition, thinking it was the only one available on steam. So, it downloads, and then a big surprise just punched me in the face.DOOM 1 AND 2 WERE INCLUDED!!!I notice I sound like an idiot, but that was a really pleasant surprise.Now for the review:Graphics: Nice mix of nostalgic and HD (remastered)9.5/10Level Design: Awesome, dynamic and expertly crafted10/10Story: Cheesy goodness8.5/10Content: A lot of items, levels, and secret rooms8.5/10Community: The absolute best since the 90s10/10Singleplayer experience: Definitely Badass10/10"
76561198084674911,Recommended,208200,34555872,Posted: 28 August,all,Airteez,"I picked this up with grand anticipation! DOOM was the FIRST FPS to go multiplayer! I fondly remember the old days..  Me and my state of the art 2400 baud modem, then a 56k.  Running on a very respectable 486 machine with an upgrade Evergreen 586 processor for a blistering, barn burning  speed of 33Mhz... I remember my buddy and I tying up our phone line for hours on end. Killing the inhabitants of DOOM, closing the eye, and saving the world! Coworkers gathered around to hear about the cool stuff you could do on a computer! Those were the days of magic....Ok.. Enough of memory lane.  Basically, the problem with this bundle, is that it does not have multiplayer.. The VERY thing that gave the game it's awe inspiring magic is gone.. Without that....(eyes watering).... well.. you still have a playable game... I guess."
,Not Recommended,208200,10087373,"Posted: 11 May, 2014",all,Paleknight,You are not missing much I did love Doom 3 and the Resurrection two great games that also include Doom and Doom 2 classics. However this game downgraded it so let me list them.1. Co-op in Doom 3 is removed so if you wanted to try Lost Mission (Which is not long and barely make this pack worth it) which means its completely gone from campaign.2. Plus the Doom and Doom the split screen and multiplayer is gone.The only nice thing is they made the models more vivid as I was playing this. If I where you just skip the BFG: Edition it is a waste of money.
76561198025463260,Recommended,208200,34508471,Posted: 26 August,all,TheDigit_man,"Even if you don't like Doom 3, this collection has 1 & 2 also. It's a steal on sale. But give Doom 3 a try, it holds up a lot better than you'd think."
,Recommended,208200,33153159,Posted: 2 July,all,NovaExorcist,"Doom 3 isn't the best game, but it is worth buying if you like playing the old Doom games"
76561198142099943,Recommended,208200,33824966,Posted: 26 July,all,Henry,"I'd say worth the money, for Doom 3 as it is even though it's not really a great Doom game but it looks pretty nice and is a decent survival horror game, it aso includes RoE, Lost Misson, Ultimate Doom and Doom 2 with expansion and those are a real good bonus. I would completely recommend for Doom fans and still a good buy for newcomers to the series"
,Not Recommended,208200,7781089,"Posted: 26 November, 2013",all,rexualhealing,You should just buy vanilla Doom 3. There isn't much in the way of graphic options here and the flashlight is permanently attached to the gun so the little suspense this game had is lost entirely. Not worth it.
,Recommended,208200,10962065,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,vonfulk,BFG?  more like BFD. It's a big ♥♥♥♥ing deal.Own it up.-vf
,Recommended,208200,17937812,"Posted: 7 September, 2015",all,Justin J (PuNk),"sooo basic but still sooo much better than any call of dooty crap.let me explain the gameplay of this game. walk into a room, kill some monsters, walk in to the next room kill some monsters, find 2 doors, one locked another not, go through not locked door, kill monsters, go through next couple doors and repeat, find a key, go back to locked door, open it, go in, kill monsters. does not get any better than that, and there is NOTHING more to the game than that....unless you play multiplayer (which may be dead by this point).this explaination works for all doom games.doom 3 is ok but feels repetitive.doom 1 and 2 are repetitive but for some reason it doesnt matter they are more fun.all 3 games are ok and worth at least a play through.in doom 3 bfg the graphics appear to be better than the original but not much.now you can turn your flashlight on while holding your gun, and yes, you can shoot with the light on. unlike the original doom 3 where you had to switch between light and gun.PROS:graphics are good, and more improved compared to originalzombiesother creaturesoriginal doom 1 and 2 included in this packageCONS:EXTREMELY repetitive.not sure but mp might be deadgame drags on, never seems to end so i can uninstall it and free up space!!!!!!!overall i do recommend this game."
,Recommended,208200,2051437,"Posted: 14 March, 2013",all,♠♥_Hastyle1_♣♦,"Time Bought: 3 months after released ON STEAMMoney Spent: $14.99Worth The Price?: YesPosition In Game At Time Of Review: Played it before I had a Steam account....played it ALOTI ABSOLUTELY LOVED DOOM 3!!!!  It was the first fps scarefest that I ever played so it personally has a special place in my heart...the cardiac arrest place.  Old skool now but back then, the lighting and sudden scares were way above it's time.  I even had a grudge against RAGE because ID Software put DOOM 4 on hold to make it....and now there is no more ID Software or DOOM 4 in the making :/Rating: 8/10 (I would give it a 10 back when it first came out)"
,Recommended,208200,22777322,"Posted: 3 May, 2016",all,Spiral,"Thoough they may have updated a bit with the BFG version, and as a person who has played the original version numerous times - this is still the same Doom 3 that I loved so much. I know the duct tape mod being a permanent staple is controversial, it really helps the flow of the game. And when you help the flow of a game, it's just adding to the fun-factor.The game opens and runs flawlessly!Windows 10 (Home 64-bit)i7-4790GTX 970 (Reference 4GB)16GB RAM"
76561198025400075,Recommended,208200,24313213,"Posted: 14 July, 2016",all,Siegfriedfr,A straight shooter without fancy RPG elements. Very good at what it does !
76561198011965365,Recommended,208200,28412633,"Posted: 16 December, 2016",all,Saint Aaron,"I can say that DOOM 3 was a success. Some scenes gave me the chills. I liked the atmosphere of the game. Good graphics and gameplay when it first released. Unfortunately, I haven't finished the game at all so I can't say much about it.This remastered version is basically updated with improved graphics along with the inclusion of DOOM, DOOM 2 and its expansion Resurrection of Evil. This package would be a good starting point for those who've never played the series. I don't recommend buying it if you already own the original game."
,Not Recommended,208200,17058579,"Posted: 15 July, 2015",all,Joe Mama,"Don't buy this game. They took the flashlight out. So now you can just turn the flashlight on and off anytime you want, you know like EVERY OTHER GAME. Also they cranked the brighness WAY up so you wouldnt even need to use it....so stupid. And motion blur? Really? Is this 2007? The only redeeming factor is the ability to play with a controller now, and even that is ♥♥♥♥ed. On the original Xbox version you could assign weapons to your d-pad...now they come pre-assigned and you cant change them.Also Doom 1&2 have been CENSORED (swastikas on wolfenstein level and red cross on health packs).The original Doom 3 is the way to go. And use a source port like zDoom, gzDoom, etc. to play Doom 1&2 WADs."
76561198036662065,Recommended,208200,31602168,Posted: 7 May,all,Hashash,"All the old Dooms collected into one.For a very cheap price, worth it.Doom 3 remains a game that I can always return to."
,Not Recommended,208200,17338646,"Posted: 1 August, 2015",all,Septevar,Although playing Doom 1 and 2 was completely fine (and i enjoyed playing them) Doom 3 the main game (which i brought it for) was continuiously having graphical glitches. Regardless of any technical changes made to my PC the problem still persisted.Windows 7Nvidia GTX 580i5 @ 3.1ghz6gb or RAM
,Recommended,208200,10116141,"Posted: 14 May, 2014",all,Grumbling al,"I had just finished this plethora of games, and i will give an evaluation of the product. Now, if you haven't played Doom before, but want to get into the series, this is the perfect stepping stone in getting your feet wet in the Doom universe. Now, the action is second to none, easily based on actual events so newcomers and fans of this series will rejoice at what Doom 3: BFG Edition has to offer. Now when I had first booted this game up and saw the intro, the amount of emotion, and the amount of detail that it managed to elicit from me, was nothing short of etherial. I truly felt connected to the Doom universe as a whole, but when you finally get through the intro and you remember you are playing a game, you see an abomination on the lower part of the screen that looks like a cross of Coop from Megas XLR and Max from the Blue Tax commericals. The nameless hero you play as has only 2 attacks, shoot and punch. The next thing I want to mention is how remarkable the backbrounds are, the computers bleep blooping in the background truly sells the atmosphere, and I can easily say that this game did not disappoint in the landscape and background design department. At the bottom of the screen you will also see a portrait of the face you are probably making, I know this was the face I made during this entire play session. Health is replenished by eating medical kits, as it took me a good hour to figure this out because instructions are non existant. There's billions of people in the world, but who wants to meet them when you can drink Mountain Dew and play Doom 3: BFG Edition. I have not played Doom 1: BFG Edition or Doom 2: BFG Edition, but I did buy a snapback with the money I had saved, hallelujah. So, in conclusion if you like Doom, you're gunna like this game, if you don't like Doom, you're gunna like this game, if you like video games, you're gunna like this game, if you like putting your hands in your pockets, you're really gunna like this game, you're gunna like this game, it's a good game."
76561198055327545,Recommended,208200,24708731,"Posted: 4 August, 2016",all,Purplehair Magoo,"Doom 3 is like if Doom, Half-Life, and System Shock had a threesome"
,Not Recommended,208200,10165527,"Posted: 18 May, 2014",all,ShutUpRattrap,Completely and utterly broken. Will not start at all. Cannot find coherent or useful solution online.
76561198046232270,Not Recommended,208200,10080862,"Posted: 11 May, 2014",all,TIO_SADAN,"first of all i have to say that i realy love Doom 3 and RoE.but i got to say im disapointed with this version, compared to the original Doom 3 it got a poor settings menu, the lights seem somehow worse than the original one, the motion blur setting is there just to make you feel sick every time you move your mouse, no improovement on the subtitles (which for me are important in a game), and worse of all they killed the most important element that helped making it scarier, the flashlight that you needed to use without a weapon equiped, ok its not realistic to need to equip a flashlight without a weapon but the fear of being defenseless of you wanted light was the heart of the game and i realy miss that."
,Recommended,208200,9935277,"Posted: 25 April, 2014",all,It's Darion,I like punching things into spaghetti.
,Recommended,208200,19937234,"Posted: 25 December, 2015",all,heinrich.böller,"all three parts of doom included in this edition are ace. i played the first 2 in my childhood and i think no game ever flashed me more. this was the beginning. i missed doom 3 when it came out and started it all new just right in 2015. its still a marvellous game even so many years after release. i read about some moaning of older releases being better, as i cant remember exactly on the first 2 parts and never was into the 3rd, i only can tell that i enjoy all 3 of them in this edition."
,Recommended,208200,10146404,"Posted: 17 May, 2014",all,Archon,"After all these years, this game still gets me."
,Recommended,208200,22408184,"Posted: 14 April, 2016",all,Disco Pony,10/10 would bang
,Not Recommended,208200,9654384,"Posted: 28 March, 2014",all,Ghostofhell2,"If you want the Resurection of Evil Expansion Pack. Then dont get this. Its not worth the effort of dealing with Steam to get a product code. Save your money and invest it on something else. Buy it used and have it shipped to your house. The online experience doesnt work either. I am a tru fan, but not at the expence with dealing with a company that has no idea what actual customer support is."
,Recommended,208200,8825928,"Posted: 23 January, 2014",all,Darkendone,"Doom 3 can be best summed up as being a game with tons of replaybility, excellent lighting and a very good story line.  I actually own several different copies of this game.  The one I have on Steam, and several others on other platforms.  I have not had the pleasure to play with the Occulus yet, but I hear that is a very enthralling experience.  This game is very encompassing. I recommend you play this in the dark."
76561198110755857,Recommended,208200,21015686,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,The Lone Fondler™,One BADASS game!!!!!!!!11/10
,Not Recommended,208200,11331631,"Posted: 20 July, 2014",all,Aneu,"I played this game on the Xbox 360 and I enjoyed it, however on my PC I can't even get past the Bethseda intro, really disapointed... Also does anyone know how to fix this? I'm using Windows 7"
,Recommended,208200,19675370,"Posted: 13 December, 2015",all,rilut,"A very old game but with okay graphics. Runs fast, even able to hit 120 fps in a decent computer.I don't know which is scarier, Doom 3 or Dead Space. Both gave me heart attacks."
,Recommended,208200,31902046,Posted: 22 May,all,Nepgear ♥|Purple Sister|♥,"DOOM 3 and the Resurrection of Evil expansion without the mod support. Super Turbo Turkey Puncher 3 replaces Hellanoid and Martian Buddy Blaster. An area in ROEs Hell level where Hellknights and Mancubus spawn in has been removed. On the bright side the video settings can be adjusted to 1920x1080 without fumbling around with word documents and hoping something changes. Also, there is a third story for DOOM 3 which is called the Lost Mission. Not everyone in Bravo Team died during the demon ambush at Enpro. The survivor was that other Doomguy. This makes the third Doomguy of the DOOM 3 canon. The story takes you to a new but unfinished facility with a huge teleporter that sends Doomguy to a well designed Hell level and it looks so much better than Hell in DOOM 3 or Resurrection of Evil. The Guardian gets the final boss treatment which is testiment to how cool the Guardian is. Multiplayer servers are dead. There are some good and some bad things about BFG Edition but I say get it for Lost Mission."
,Recommended,208200,21330958,"Posted: 19 February, 2016",all,Reaper,"A fantastic bundle whitch includes the remastered version of DOOM 3 and the bonus levels, Resurrection of evil and the Lost Mission. The Frame rate is uncapped so you will get the highest frame rate your PC can handle, also has improved resolutions that are far superior to the original DOOM 3. They have moved the flashlight onto your shoulder that has a battery now, where the original you actually had a flashlight that you held, must admit it's great not having to fight monsters in the dark, but it was a horror feature that DOOM 3 was supposed to have. Overall, the graphical improvement to DOOM 3 is great and  i think they did a really good job.The bundle also includes the original DOOM and DOOM II: Hell on earth as well as all the extra episodes whitch is terrific, for some reason they capped the Frame rate of the original DOOMS at 35 fps, I am unsure why they have done this, possibly to capture the original DOOMs better i suppose. Also includes achievements for the game whitch adds a little more replayability to the game.Overall, this is a fantastic bundle, and a great way to relive the legenary DOOM experience."
76561198086888225,Recommended,208200,34270068,Posted: 15 August,all,coolnate02,"The best way to play Doom 3 imo (plus it comes with Doom 1 and 2!). Doom 3 is a great game, although it tries to be a bit different by trying to be more creepy and scary. Still this game is awesome."
,Recommended,208200,1515518,"Posted: 15 July, 2013",all,Dragonsbrethren,"Ignore the ""Doom 3"" part of this package. The real star of the BFG Edition is No Rest for the Living, a previously Xbox Live Arcade-exclusive Doom II add-on with nine very good, detailed levels. It's way more fun than anything Doom 3 or its new Lost Mission have to offer."
,Recommended,208200,29995322,Posted: 17 February,all,󠀡󠀡󠀡󠀡󠀡󠀡󠀡󠀡󠀡󠀡󠀡󠀡󠀡,DOOM / DOOM II / DOOM II NO REST FOR THE WICKED / DOOM 3 / DOOM 3 RESSURECTION OF EVIL / DOOM 3 LOST CHAPTERSDefinately worth the price plus you can tweak the files and make it modableThis is prob one of the best collections since the original XBOX version
76561198077768287,Recommended,208200,8697641,"Posted: 13 January, 2014",all,Zatōichi,This game is so Wild that you will probably die before you can finish it. ♥♥♥♥♥
,Recommended,208200,24789299,"Posted: 9 August, 2016",all,NYNzrin,The only game I need to past the time on a potato since it can't run the new Doom at all.At least this game is still amazing!
,Not Recommended,208200,8807730,"Posted: 22 January, 2014",all,UberPotatoes,"It went from Doom to Gloom. The first Doom was great fun as you ran around shooting demons from hell in a fast paced and colorful shooter. Now it's just trying to rip off System Shock 2, and the result is a bland uninteresting story with one dimentional characters, and slow bland gameplay in dark, grey corridors.Also it's trying to be scary too. But what the devs failed to realize is that it's hard to be scared when you're a beefy space marine armed to the teeth with a wide assortment of murder weapons."
,Recommended,208200,13170708,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,Mongrel Senpai,"Doom, Doom II and Doom 3 all in one neat little package!Lots of fun, nostalgia and shooty goodness for a fair price.GRAB IT!"
76561198031620281,Not Recommended,208200,8359226,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,Sabob,"I cant get past the opening dialogue sequence without the game crashing.  Ive tried uninstalling and reinstalling several times, validating local content, etc. etc.  I even spent an hour or so on the community help forums changing resolution settings, alternate shortcuts, this and that.After all my efforts the game still does not work, at least im only out 5 dollars.I do not recommend this game."
76561198006287301,Not Recommended,208200,7523739,"Posted: 30 October, 2013",all,Çlårï§†422,"Bought for nostalgia, shortly after playting it for an hour I asked myself why I bought this?  I won't give this game a bad review as the price point is fair, and there are a lot of great memories in these games. I remember when the scariest thing in the world was my tv hooked up to my stereo, playing in the dark volume up on the Atari Jaguar! ( yep I owned one prolly the only person you know who has lol )"
,Recommended,208200,29662376,Posted: 2 February,all,about 47 t-rexes,The best way to play classic Doom and Doom 2. Still tons of fun even 24 years later!
76561198004702087,Not Recommended,208200,10105996,"Posted: 13 May, 2014",all,Meow,"Doom 3: more paranoid than a room full of hobos wearing tinfoil hats. Oh, you opened to console to see silly easter eggs? ACHIEVEMENTS DISABLED! Also, this reviewe thing needs a ""Meh"" category."
,Recommended,208200,29285700,Posted: 15 January,all,Institutionalized,"There's a helluva lot of content in DOOM 3: BFG Edition, and most of it is worth paying for. Just because I didn't find the steam page helpful on this (hopefully it's been updated), the BFG edition comes with the following:• DOOM 1, complete with the fourth episodeThy Flesh Consumed;• DOOM 2, plus an extra episode made with the same engine that was released as an Xbox Arcade game;• DOOM 3, The DOOM 3Ressurection of EvilDLC, and a bunch of deleted content calledThe Lost Missions.Of these, DOOM 1 and 2 are easily the best. DOOM 3 is fine, but plays very differently from its predecessors (think more of a modern FPS/Horror hybrid like F.E.A.R.), so liking the first two DOES NOT mean you will like the third. DOOM 3's campaign is a solid 12 hours of iD puzzles and corridor shooting, mixed with a decent story and enough secrets/challenge to do a second playthrough. It's definitely not for everyone though. The game is downright depressing, full of ""meh"" jump scares, and since 90% of the game's corridors are pitch black you'll be squinting at your monitor a lot (or bumping the gamma up).If you like DOOM 3, the main package gets way better since you have theRessurection of EvilDLC. RoE acts as a follow up to the events of the first game and is about 60% of the original game's campaign length. It's a fun DLC that adds more lore to the world in addition to cool weapons and more bosses.In my opinion the only weak part of BFG edition isThe Lost Missions. LM is an extra campaign that acts as a side story to the main game since it was originally just a bunch of cut content. As a result, the campaign is sort of lukewarm, forgettable, short, and the challenge is pretty low. I don't really fault the game much for this since cut content is usually more slapdash, but it does mean that if you've played the 3 DOOM games already that the truly ""new"" content here is lackluster.If you haven't played DOOM at all, this is a great buy. If you've already played 1 and 2, then I'd recommend watching a let's play of the campaign so you fully understand what you're paying for. If you've played all of these exceptThe Lost Missions, then I'd say pass. Just get the DOOM reboot instead; it's amazing."
,Not Recommended,208200,8490740,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,quickinstinct,"I went into this game with good expectations. Graphically, it's a nice looking game. It can have some surprise moments as well with creatures coming out of nowhere. It has the classic Doom ambience as well. But the gameplay is dull and uninspired. It's a lot of walk around, get surprised, shoot, pick up a card, pda, or some other item. Rinse and repeat over and over."
,Recommended,208200,7780681,"Posted: 26 November, 2013",all,Konkeror101,"It's quite linear and has some cool scares, a grean improovement over the original with the shoulder lamp and the chance of playing the originals makes this a great retrospective and nostalgic package. I would recomend it easy and lightly to any Doom Fan."
,Recommended,208200,13774274,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,aspateer,"Its Doom 3.... the game that single handedly is responsible for the newest generation of PC Gamers. SOOOOOOO many people hd to build a new rig just to play it. Was it worthwhile though? maybe. Either way the game has aged quite nicely, and there is still much fun to be had playing it. As a boonus you get Doom 1 and Doom 2. So yeah, id say its worth buying. This also has the Doom 3 expansion pack built in, so you buy this game to have it all :D On the bright side, the flashlight is now attached to your guns, so no more annoying switching from light to guns.10/10... would Doom again.....Now if Doom 4 will hurry up and come out."
76561198115760835,Recommended,208200,14182566,"Posted: 26 January, 2015",all,ShadowReaper,"After playing through the classic FPS Doom, two things quickly came to mind.  First, I was and still am amazed how great this game is and second how Doom must have utterly blown the minds of gamers when they first booted up this masterpiece.  Doom set the definitive standard for a brand new genre of game, the first person shooter.  It is extremely hard to find a flaw in this game, the level design, gameplay, sounds and graphics are all top notch. In my opinion Doom is one of the best games ever made. 9.5"
,Recommended,208200,12225894,"Posted: 24 September, 2014",all,SmileR,"The ultimate Doom 3 mod. Take one assault rifle and one UAC standard issue torch, bind furiously together with duct tape, and voila you get the BFG Edition!"
,Not Recommended,208200,18053336,"Posted: 15 September, 2015",all,Lewwyyyy,Kind of dissapointingOptions are severely limited. no ability to re-assign key controls for the 2 older games. Doom 3 and the expansion also have no options to adjust graphics and display settings.One would have thought that a BFG edition released almost a decade later would have EXTRA features rather than the contrary.
,Recommended,208200,24356670,"Posted: 16 July, 2016",all,Name Not Found,"What can you say, It's Doom with Extra Darkness. :-) The BFG Edition looks spectacular at 1080P and not having to constantly switch between the Flashlight and a Weapon is the Best!! Picked up for $10 in a recent Steam Sale it just can't be beat because it also included the original Ultimate Doom and Doom 2 with all their addons / expansions. So Much Fun. Great Lead up to tackling the New Doom! :-D Contrary to some comments it works perfectly on all my Windows 10 machines and Fully Supports my Xbox 360 Controller for PC. So Good."
,Recommended,208200,26738450,"Posted: 21 November, 2016",all,TiG3RMaST3R,"vr mod rocks don't miss it!! playable with supersampling x2 and everything maxed out with a gtx 1080, some async timewarp here and there btw, install beta steam vr!"
76561197976742904,Not Recommended,208200,11311942,"Posted: 18 July, 2014",all,BaStAgE,"I bought this game because it was on sale and figured i would support the developers and buy the game rather than download it for free...unfortunatley the game would not even run without getting some ATI fix. This is unacceptable in this day and age. The old version of doom 3 ran just fine, but now I have to go hunt down some fix myself for a supposedly complete game that i paid for yet wont run on ATI AMD cards without rigging some file nonsense. I do not recommend this game for this reason. If you have an Nvidia card and want to play a revised version of a game that worked perfectly 10 years ago and no longer does for no good reason, go ahead and buy it. Also the multiplayer is beyond pitiful. I'm not usually this harsh. I'm mostly mad at Id or Bethesda or whoever is responsible for this kind of bs.  The game has been out for how many months now and this issue was posted about back in September in the steam community and it still isn't fixed with a patch or anything. Amazing. Go ahead and buy it and support the developers so they can continue to release games that don't even work."
,Recommended,208200,13825463,"Posted: 4 January, 2015",all,Евро,"As you might have guessed, Doom 3 BFG Edition is a package that includes Doom 1, 2 and 3 (including RoE and all new expansion for Doom 3 and No Rest For The Living for Doom 2). Sadly no Final Doom or Master Levels, but essentially this was designed specifically for the console players. But since they released it also for the PC, so should you buy the original games or this?Doom 3:All of the changes that have been made is a mod for the original game. Widescreen support? Mod. Flashlight strapped to gun? Mod. HD Graphics? There's a mod that makes it look better than this re-release. Seriously. They have also made everything more bright, which many say, including me, that it ruins part of the scariness of the original. Also the Lost Mission isn't that good, it's not really worth your time. In fact, the only thing that I can say is better than the original is that the loading times are a bit better. (also they removed the ability to open console so that's cool)Classic Doom:Well, you have your classic Doom 1 and 2. The changes they have made are interesting, they have censored some of the graphics in some sprites and textures, they have REMOVED CHEATS I repeat REMOVED CHEATS. I don't understand why they would remove cheats, I suspect since they initially were making Doom 3: BFG Edition for the console players but decided to put it on the PC. Also there is NO MULTIPLAYER I repeat NO MULTIPLAYER even though in the interviews for this game they clamed that Doom 1 and 2 would have multiplayer. Why? Who knows. Maybe they just didn't want to bother, I have no idea. Also some people claim this to be important but THEY HAVE LOWERED THE DIFFICULTY IN NIGHTMARE. Aka Nightmare is allot more easy now. They have made some other small little changes, but other than these major things, the game is still pretty fun.Conclusion: If you want to play Doom 3, don't get this. If you get the Doom 3 Pack on steam it's allot cheaper. Plus it supports a huge amount of mods, while this doesn't. If you want to play Doom 1 and 2, don't get this. Get the original games, then once you bought them don't play them in steam. Extract the wad files and install a source port (ex. ZDoom) and then play away in whatever resolution your monitor is in!But, if you are looking for a Doom 1, 2 and 3 pack... Well... Technically it is cheaper, but the wad files you get with this I heard didn't work with source ports for some odd reason and there still are no mods for Doom 3 so I would recommend the original.TL;DR This isn't worth the money. But I'm rating it up since it's Doom."
,Recommended,208200,10321176,"Posted: 2 June, 2014",all,MaskedVillain,"You get all three Doom games in one package.  If you've never played Doom, you owe it to yourself to play this.  If you've never played Doom 3, be prepared for a wild ride.  The first two games started the first-person-shooter genre, yet are still fun; but Doom 3 is the most disturbing, scary, and twisted game I have ever played.  After more than ten years since its release, I still haven't seen another game that forces such a sense of urgency and fear upon the player, as this game does, and it does it perfectly.  Turn the lights off, put the headphones on, and be ready to kill, die, and run while sh*tting your pants."
76561198190826479,Recommended,208200,30184085,Posted: 25 February,all,Coxston,Doom 1: ClassicDoom 2: BetterDoom 3: 90% darknes 10% audiolog
,Not Recommended,208200,9844174,"Posted: 17 April, 2014",all,The Wise Guy,"Can't even play it, it just keeps crashing, even on the setup.Please make support for other drives Bethesda, before I drive up yours."
76561198147961909,Not Recommended,208200,11607006,"Posted: 8 August, 2014",all,humphreys1,It won't run on my computer
,Recommended,208200,34534950,Posted: 27 August,all,L1Q,"If you are buying this for the Doom 3 experience, don't buy this, better go for older, but way better 2004 version. BFG edition manages to remove a ton of customization options and ♥♥♥♥s up game's atmosphere.When you run the game first time you might look at those character models and say to yourself:""Those shadows look odd and models are so low poly, but it's what it takes for a game more than 10 years old, right?""WRONG! The original game was ment to be played in way darker light setup which makes all surfaces look more natural and consistent. Models are actually more detailed in original game than this and you could install a couple of good graphics mods on the old game aswell.Gameplay wise BFG edition tries to force more action packed scenes allowing you to use both weapons and flashlight at the same time while giving you a ton of ammo comparing to original.And yeah did I mention this game has ♥♥♥♥ed up lighting? It's so bright you might not even need that flashlight in the first place!So what do you do in this game? You run over locations and rush through them probably never caring about story and environment, you think the game is easier than it's supposed to be, well because it is!Not that it's necessarily a bad thing, just way different experience, action lovers might like it even better.There are good parts about this game too:+ it has first doom games built into it! Those are available right in the main menu.You run those games in glorious resolutions with native mouse support and way better textures!+ framerates are more smooth+ map load times are betterSo yeah buy this game for the first two dooms and maybe to rush trough the third one without mods and actual attachment to the original Doom 3 game."
,Recommended,208200,6599797,"Posted: 18 July, 2013",all,𝓼𝓽𝓪𝓬𝓴,Still better than a lot of crap out now :)
,Recommended,208200,23777361,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,✞ |-|3££ioT [] |2.!.P. ✞,"Better than the original Doom 3,  BFG is well optimized and you have expansions plus all previous dooms.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oKsxUq0xKXU"
,Recommended,208200,8335259,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,Madame Écureuil,"If you have never played Doom, this collection is a great way to introduce you to the franchise. With the seminal Ultimate Doom, Doom 2, and an idTech 5 port of Doom 3 to start with, this package also contains a couple of expansion packs that have never been released before. Namely, No Rest for the Living for Doom 2 and The Lost Mission for Doom 3. In the months following its release, ZDoom and its derived ports have been adapted to be compatible with this version of the Doom and Doom 2 data files, so if you're into modding, you should no longer have an issue running ZDoom mods with this package's version of Doom 1 & 2.If there is one thing that really disappointed me about this edition of the game, it's that it does not include other commercial iWADs that were included in previous classic Doom collections and compilations. Namely, there's no Plutonia, TNT, Master Levels for Doom or even D!Zone levels included. It would also have been nice if this was finally the legitimate way to acquire Hell 2 Pay or Perdition's Gate.Considering who this is marketed to though, I can't really blame them too much for it. If you've never heard of Doom, I would recommend it. However, die-hard doom fans can very much afford to skip on this, or failing that, wait for a sale if they HAVE to get No Rest for the Living or The Lost Mission."
76561198001492899,Not Recommended,208200,12082238,"Posted: 13 September, 2014",all,Thormentor,"OK, you need to look at this game from different perspectives.First, from a historic perspective, the expectations were ultra high and I don't think you can satisfy the hardcore fans at any case.Second is  in ""horror"" genre.  It is fairly claustrophobic and tense at times.  This game keeps on spawning Imps and stuff behind you, or when you open the door there is always something jumping.  It just gets too repetitive. Deadspace got more wacky and frustrating towards the end, but this one is better than 'Deadspace' series.   I also feel that although Doom 1 and 2 were far older tech, they definitely had a more disturbing and hellish environment.  But within the genre, I still like Amnesia far more.Third is FPS - while it has good mechanics, I don't like the guns much.  The monsters shaking and hitting you from all around is a bit too much.  Imps were too strong compared to before and I couldn't enjoy Cacos or Pinkys as in previous versions.   Also it is mostly closed area combat whereas in Doom 2 it was open space.  You could run around and start getting them to shoot each other- it was a frenzy.  This one is basically being boxed out to a spot.Fourth, is Doom 3 vs. Doom 3 BFG Edition.  I did not see a huge graphics upgrade between them but flashlight being turned on in addition to the gun is a huge plus.  Why would you fight hellish creatures with a flashlight in one hand, but turn it off to shoot???  Also, Doom 3 plus Ressurection should have been a single game.  It is a single story and I think they got too greedy with this.  10 hrs of gameplay plus 5 hours DLC?? But at least they follow each other.  However Lost Mission DLC is definitely a lost cause- It is by far the worst DLC I have seen in any game.  This is the definition of 'linear game' because you have no choice other then move forward.  And this is dull.  It feels like they gave this to their Juniors to develop - many of the same maps reused and just monsters respawning.  So if you played Doom 3 and or Resurrection, you don't need BFG Edition.  But if you start from scratch, I would go with BFG but not play Lost Mission.Last is the enjoyment factor. Do you really want to waste 20 hours of your life here?  Comparing it to other games like Bioshock Infinite, Tombraider, Skyrim etc, this is just not fun enough,  You know that something will jump or spawn somewhere but basically that is it.  I turned to Godmode after a while not to lose time anymore and that was a right decision.So overall as a game it is OK and playable for horror seekers, but I think in 2014 we have far more options to enjoy.   It is not a bad game but you just want it to end after a while :)"
,Recommended,208200,400913,"Posted: 13 July, 2013",all,Harry101UK,"Aaah Doom. I've always loved Doom 3 for some reason...the movement and aiming mechanics feel perfect and smooth, the guns are meaty and satisfying, and it has a rather lengthy campaign. The jump scares are predictable after a while, and the graphics aren't the best, but it's a fantastic game that should be played by any FPS fan. Not to mention the BFG edition comes with Classic Doom, Doom II, Doom 3, RoE Expansion and a new campaign called the Lost Missions.This edition also supports modern resolutions, has added motion-blur and improved audio quality."
,Recommended,208200,8715045,"Posted: 15 January, 2014",all,Gott,"One of the best of the DOOM's franchise. For me, is still one of the most fear game of all time. The light, sounds and appearance of monsters by surprise still scares me. Totally recommended!!"
,Recommended,208200,11318404,"Posted: 19 July, 2014",all,Scara,"So this game is another id/Bethesda duo game. I'm gonna try and keep this short because I feel kind of embarassed when I write super duper long reviews.Let me start off by saying I ♥♥♥♥ing love Doom. I do my best to share it with and introduce it to my friends because I want other people to discover this amazing series. Let me tell you a story about Doom 3, a true story.Doom 3 did not tickle Scaramouche in the pickle department. No, sir. He wanted it very bad, but when he saw the reviews he was very easily turned off. The game did not seem close enough to older Doom games and when you have a gap like the massive gaping wound between Doom 2 and Doom 3 there has to be some connection, and here everything seemed awfully different.Years later, Scaramouche actually bought this game during a summer sale - the Doom 3 BFG edition, not the standard. At this time all Mouche had was a laptop from 2008 but he figured that would be enough to run a game that came out around that time, especially with utilities like HiAlgoSwitch and whatnot. To his dismay, however... the game did not run at all.Doom 3 and Doom 3: BFG Edition will only (ONLY!) run on computers with graphics cards that support OpenGL. While this does promise some decent graphics this is pretty uncool for people like Scaramouche.Well finally Scaramouche got a desktop computer with much better specs, installed Doom 3: BFG Edition, and ran it.It was nothing like the Doom 3 that Scaramouche had dreaded. This game was a different beast. Doom 3 standard seemed more like it would fit in with more generic modern horror games but Doom 3 BFG Edition was different. It had all of the spooky scariness of modern horror gaming and the spooky scariness of older horror gaming - Like old Doom. Scaramouche was very pleased and proceeded to play through it all as fast as he could as he went about comparing the two versions. The better flashlight and the tweaked balance were both great in his opinion. He was compelled to finish the game, and a few months later, he finally got around to recommending it.Okay so... during our little story here we already talked about some stuff I liked about this game and honestly that's all I liked about it and it was enough for me to give it a solid rating. The old Doom feeling, the new updating lighting and graphics, the flashlight change (In Doom 3 you can't use a weapon while you have it out but in BFG you can) and the slight changes to balance all work in BFG's favor.HOWEVER COMMA... This game... brings a massive change in style to the Doom franchise. The enemies look oh so EXTREMELY different from the classic Doom games. They all have a more demonic look but... it... the enemy design didn't feel like Doom. It wasn't all cartoonish and badass, it was just... real♥♥♥♥♥For example, I spent all game looking for Barons of Hell/Hell Knights and didn't see any - until I realized that I had, when I looked through the Doom wiki for stats on the Baron of Hell in Doom 2, ironically. They look SOOO different. They aren't big red guys with super cool giant horns wearing khakis. They're huge, buff Doom 3 Imps. And yeah they were supposed to be like huge, buff Doom Imps in Doom 1 and Doom 2, but they didn't just look like strong imps, they looked like Barons of Hell.You saw it out of the corner of your eye and thought ""Oh god, now he's gonna shoot green♥♥♥♥♥♥at me right?"" but you don't in Doom 3, you see it out of the corner of your eye and think ""Ah okay just an imp, I'll dodge that♥♥♥♥♥♥while I kill this Revenant because it's more important"" and he ♥♥♥♥s your♥♥♥♥♥♥And that's not all the change in look for all of the monsters does. The harder difficulties are recommended for Doom veterans so I was like ""Well I've beaten Doom on Nightmare a couple times this shouldn't be too bad"" but I got rekt on like the just barely over normal difficulty because I didn't know what the ♥♥♥♥ the enemies were gonna do because they LOOKED DIFFERENT BUT DID THE SAME DANGEROUS THING.Also, even if you do have all of the badass weapons and speed and strength of the Doom Guy lineage, it doesn't really fit if the art style doesn't make you feel like aBADASS DOOM GUY, it just makes you feel like... a guy. And it's not just the art style, other things contribute to it. The entire time they keep calling you ""MAHREEN,"" not ""Soldier"" or ""Hero"" or anything like that. It's always ""MAHREEN, YER FINALLY BACK FROM HELL, NOW GET IN THIS AIR DUCT AND CRAWL TO THIS POSITION!""You are treated like♥♥♥♥♥♥in this game.Halfway through the game they give you a major decision and ACTUALLY LEAVE IT UP TO YOU to decide based on what you know (Don't worry you actually do have a lot to work with in the thought department), and there is a right answer and a ""wrong"" answer, but either way, they treat you like you didn't just BLOW THROUGH A HOARD OF DEMONS AND FIX A BUNCH OF♥♥♥♥♥♥ALL OVER THE FACILITY TO MAKE THIS HAPPEN, ALL BY YOURSELF PLUS LIKE TWO LITTLE ROBOTS THAT SHOOT THINGS A LITTLE AND THEN DIE. Like SERIOUSLY it's like if your parents leave you at Grandma's for a week and she keeps dropping♥♥♥♥♥♥and like she can't take care of herself so you have to help her with everything and after a week of ♥♥♥♥ing pain sweat blood and tears helping your grandma who you love she doesn't even thank you one time, she just gives you more♥♥♥♥♥♥to do and doesn't let you play Doom 3: BFG Edition at all, even though it's like your favorite game or something.And the entire time one part of you wants to tell her that she's a ♥♥♥♥♥ but the other part of you enjoys it because it feels good to work for something, even when you don't know what it is.And then your parents come pick you up and they're like ""Did you have fun?"" and you tell them you did anyway because hard work makes you feel good and then they're like ""Thanks for putting up with this"" because they know how hard it must've been, and you gotta smile thinking about it because even though she is a ♥♥♥♥♥ you got to bond with your dear old grandma, and while she's senile and cruel, you understand what it's like kinda and you know what SHE has to deal with.WHAT THE ♥♥♥♥ HAVE I BEEN TALKING ABOUT? TUNE IN RIGHT HERE TO FIND OUTDoom 3: BFG Edition fixes the problems of Doom 3 and still delivers the excellent Bethesda-grade storytelling and the kind of gameplay that only id can deliver. While it may he hard and unrewarding/unforgiving, it's a bit of a long haul to the end thatmaywill take up a lot of your time, and it doesn't feel as cool, quirky, and stylized as older Doom titles, it delivers an engaging experience that keeps you drawn in the entire time, regardless of opinions you have about the standard edition.I give this game an 8/10. I took off one point because it doesn't feel like old Doom, and one more point because there isn't any super cool music in the background most of the time."
76561198059285495,Recommended,208200,20616440,"Posted: 18 January, 2016",all,Oda_Rafael,"(-) The non-BFG Edition had better graphics, the BFG felt like I was playing console.(-) Too much light on this version.(-) The ""duct tape flashlight"" should be UNAVAILABLE on harder difficulties.(-) No more online Multiplayer community. (not really a flaw, the FPS community just moved on, I guess)(+) Character textures were improved.(+) The bundle is a good deal IF you don't already own D3, as it comes with Doom and Doom 2 and some expansions.(+) It was relatively cheap, as it is a MUST HAVE for FPS enthusiasts."
76561198080120437,Recommended,208200,10134063,"Posted: 15 May, 2014",all,HombreMan,This game is sick played thru it multiple times and each time wanting to play thru it again buy it play it win awesome graphics sweet gameplay and brand new feel.
,Recommended,208200,19826497,"Posted: 21 December, 2015",all,Sad Sunn,"People whine a lot, game's fine. Unless you are some super, duper, omega, eccentric elitist for the DOOM Games, the game is fine. If you are a normal person, is fine. You get DOOM, DOOM II, DOOM II:  No Rest for the Living, DOOM 3, DOOM 3: Resurrection of Evil and DOOM 3: The Reused Assets to give the game more val-- Err, I mean The Lost Missions, completely and totally new levels.Some of the changes to DOOM 3 are still weird though and pressing F12 disables achivements,Overall, is fine. If you hate yourself and other people, you'll have fun killing things. Is Doom."
76561197963400690,Recommended,208200,12001798,"Posted: 6 September, 2014",all,kremit,"The remake of Doom 3, the BFG edition has only the most basic graphics upgrades. Still, being one of the best games ever made, it is totally worth buying. Play on nightmare or go home!"
76561197995430071,Recommended,208200,9767983,"Posted: 8 April, 2014",all,Weatherguy,"Most people writing these reviews, like me, don't have a billion hours in the bfg editions but we do have a billion hours in original doom 3 cds, and the older games as well. Doom 3 BFG edition is great for original fans of the doom 3 game/original dooms, but don't have the original disks to install (or floppy drives), and also want a little extra 'lost mission' campaign to throw in. This is also great for people who have never played doom 3 before.The graphical enhancements to the doom 3 game annoy me a little (too bright now), but the enhancements of the original games make them much more playable. It's hard to see when we're so used to modern shooters. There are a lot of sweet mods (brutal doom for example) out there for the original doom games too, so players can enjoy the most recent doom games, and download some sweet mods as well.This is definitely not a doom 3.5, to be perfectly honest. I believe that everyone else will probably agree with that as well. This is, however, a good all in one package with a cool (but short) extra new campaign thrown in. Some of us doom fans may have never owned doom 1 and doom 2 (plus the expansions), so it's nice to finally have all of those in an easy to reach steam title. The modding community (still alive today) for original doom and doom 2 adds a lot of value, in my opinion."
,Recommended,208200,6737133,"Posted: 15 March, 2013",all,Killian,This♥♥♥♥♥♥s a classic.
76561197975238365,Recommended,208200,11091110,"Posted: 5 July, 2014",all,MARINE HARD [SG_CMD] C.O.,"I LOVE Doom 3 and all of its editions including the BFG edition.  Few games come close to the ""play in the dark"" suspensefulness I've experienced while playing this series.Can't wait for the release of Doom 4.  I hope that its multiplayer will allow marines to faceoff against demoms"
,Recommended,208200,10707254,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,Girltummy,"Nam nam, worth the money if you wanna experience the old doom games! :)"
76561198077025018,Recommended,208200,13468819,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,The Grotesque Abomination,"The classic that tried to reboot a classic franchise. Some say it was a success, others a failure.Regardless, it developed a cult following.DOOM 3: BIG ♥♥♥♥ING GUN EDITION is the same game you enjoy from 2004, except with a few tweaks.This game has always been a Western take on the Eastern ""Survival Horror"" genre. It being Western-developed at the time meant more action oriented than what you were used to in a ""Survival Horror"" like, say, Resident Evil.When this game was originally developed they tried to separate it from the rest of the franchise by making it more visceral and scary. This edition still retains all of the same atmosphere and tension you remember, but they revamped the gameplay to make it like they actually wanted it the first time around: like Doom I and II. The game has more ammo drops and the gun locations have been somewhat changed making them a little easier to find. The textures have all been redone and upgraded, as well as the lighting. This is another spot that makes it different from it's initial release. Upon comparison you will notice the original 2004 was noticeably darker. That being said, they didn't have as great of an engine to show off back then, either. The AI have been upgraded to be more responsive and ferocious as well.This game comes filled with extra content. Not only does it come with DOOM 3, it comes with DOOM 3: Resurrection of Evil, an all new expasion pack - DOOM 3: The Lost Mission, as well as the original DOOM I and II!This is the definitive collection of DOOM, I highly recommend it.10/10"
,Recommended,208200,1226164,"Posted: 26 May, 2013",all,M.F. Grape Soda,"I've heard some things about the BFG edition, but DOOM I and II are still fun to this day."
,Recommended,208200,8803649,"Posted: 21 January, 2014",all,Taco_Human,"Two amazing games and an updated version of a great game. Tons of replay value. Worth it for both original titles. Works with controllers, and straight up fun. Nothing comes close to Doom. Try it out. Take a break from Crysis and CoD and whatever the latest games are."
,Recommended,208200,8644038,"Posted: 10 January, 2014",all,Awesome Applesauce,"Doom 3 scares me too much to finish it properly, even with god mode enabled.  I beat the DLC instead."
76561198045088146,Recommended,208200,8520185,"Posted: 2 January, 2014",all,Dracos,An olie but goodie! you can't go wrong with this one.
76561198083318481,Recommended,208200,8539097,"Posted: 3 January, 2014",all,dylan k,great game scary and fun at the same time like how it gives you doom 1 and doom 2. a good mix of scary and action. if you like dead space this is the game for you
,Recommended,208200,7207386,"Posted: 15 July, 2013",all,Daft Punk,awesome
,Recommended,208200,14146065,"Posted: 24 January, 2015",all,Carrasco,"Amazing shooter game. For those who likes doom 1 and doom 2, Doom 3 is a ""MUST HAVE"" game !!"
,Recommended,208200,17843541,"Posted: 2 September, 2015",all,pok_03,"Dat modern classical shooter, kill all the demons, zombies, and close that portal!also comes with the most classical first person shooter, that still holds up to my standards Doom 1, and Doom 2"
,Recommended,208200,20856418,"Posted: 30 January, 2016",all,PhantomOfTheGamer,A must have for anyone that likes Doom. Comes with the Doom trilogy. Definitely liked being able to play Doom and Doom 2 without messing around with the DOS Emulators. Well worth the $20 for it.
,Recommended,208200,11306465,"Posted: 18 July, 2014",all,FiB. Galáxia Baiana,"Vou pagar pau pra Doom? Vou.Por quê? Porque sim! É o melhor FPS já feito, o 1 e o 2 claro, o 3 não é lá fast-paced, mas dá pra curtir666/10"
76561198076703228,Recommended,208200,9984554,"Posted: 30 April, 2014",all,Yago,If you don't like DOOM then you can get kill by a car
76561198259866344,Recommended,208200,20096871,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,Whatty,just how i remember it
,Recommended,208200,15998621,"Posted: 25 May, 2015",all,Matyesz,"Good old Doom 3 with all its goodness. Now includes  Ultimate Doom & Doom II! All the classics at one place! Best Buy!I particularly liked the extra Doom I. Episode which I have never played before. ""Thy Flesh Consumed"" More difficult levels. More Retro fun."
,Recommended,208200,11325249,"Posted: 19 July, 2014",all,edgy sonic fanboy,hd d0om tee
,Recommended,208200,10708929,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,RavenCorvus,"Not as scary as I was when I was 8, but it still gives you a good scare!"
,Recommended,208200,14742076,"Posted: 5 March, 2015",all,Coite,"Definitive version to play. Has all the games in the series and all the missing content, including achievements and support for gamepads. A good upgrade."
76561198035395678,Recommended,208200,4310278,"Posted: 12 November, 2012",all,²µия€Âℓ™®,It's the same game???No new weapons or sounds?Graphics the same??Better of with the mod's for D3http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ODBIb6ciDfARefund
76561198084686620,Recommended,208200,8248262,"Posted: 24 December, 2013",all,Stufftree,"Great game to be remembering as the most succesfull FPS game that has ever created back in 1990s and yet i still love this game even today, good fun game.9/10"
,Recommended,208200,842735,"Posted: 1 August, 2013",all,RetroJaro,"This version has better widescreen support, slightly better textures, and the ability to use your flashlight when you have a gun out. In other words it's nothing mods haven't done for the original game.. except that there is no mod support for these games that I can tell.As far as the original doom/doom 2 games are concerned, don't play them on bfg edition. They really stripped down the options on this port, which means you can't set the resolution it runs at, making everything look incredibly jaggy, and there's not even a option to set your screen size that I can tell, forcing you to always have the status bar at the bottom. Best to plug the doom/doom2 .wad files into a source port like gzdoom, boom, zdoom, zandronum, anything beats whatever they used to run the games."
76561198009948819,Recommended,208200,9076560,"Posted: 12 February, 2014",all,ChazBonoFan4Lyf,"It comes with the first and second Dooms.  They're the best games.  If you disagree, you're stupid."
,Recommended,208200,12288043,"Posted: 29 September, 2014",all,MegaZeroTime,This is  legendary. The perfect combination of classic Doom and 3D system.I reccomend for those who is hardcore FPS player to have a chance on playing this legendary series.
,Recommended,208200,12908924,"Posted: 12 November, 2014",all,Zitty Panties,Love me some Doom 3!
,Recommended,208200,13025291,"Posted: 21 November, 2014",all,Alice,A scary romp through the time tunnel. Made when 'scary' also meant you could shoot a big gun.
76561198107150076,Recommended,208200,19720894,"Posted: 15 December, 2015",all,The_Turret_is_A_Spy,"A lot of people say this game is repetitive, and I would agree, but the environment is always changing, so no. Also, the demons and guns are new, and non repetitive. So in all, this is a 9/10 in all. Also, the 1st and 2nd games took at least a day of my life in a good/bad way."
76561198028678769,Recommended,208200,18966721,"Posted: 8 November, 2015",all,Kyle,"Great game that holds up on it's own... but yeah, as a DOOM sequel it doesn't really fit in with the others. Besides that, it's still a damn fun shooter."
,Recommended,208200,9670294,"Posted: 29 March, 2014",all,Chucklenuts,If you don't like Doom I don't like you.
76561198347013791,Recommended,208200,28101988,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,Kierisvirus,Love it!
,Recommended,208200,20636227,"Posted: 19 January, 2016",all,Baby Driver,"One word for each aspect of these games.Doom 1 and 2:Story - Laughable.Characters - Archetypal.Gameplay - Primordial.Immersion - Adequate.Environment - Awesome.Graphics - Old.Sound - Sentimental.Music - Classic.Overall - Iconic.Doom 3, Ressurection of Evil, and Lost Mission:Story - Interesting.Characters - Common.Gameplay - Omnipotent.Immersion - Fantastic.Environment - Consuming.Graphics - Decent.Sound - Powerful.Music - Atmospheric.Overall - Magnificent."
,Recommended,208200,20460878,"Posted: 10 January, 2016",all,RetroGuy3210,"A collection of the most ambitious series of the 90's and early 2000's. Doom 1 may look outdated and boring by today's standards, but back in the day, having a first person shooter with the ability to turn smoothly, and not in a prerendered grid was really amazing. The first game had advanced lighting and effects that surpassed what anyone had seen before, all thanks to one brilliant programmer. The second game was essentially the same, but Doom 3 (which is the main focus of this collection), was and still is a great game. At the time, its graphics were simply unmatched by other games, and it had great atmosphere.This edition supports widescreen and 120fps. Aside from that, the graphics are a bit better, but nothing to write home about by today's standards.So, this collection is a really good way to relive all 3 games, especially with the updated graphics of Doom 3. Big fans won't be disappointed, and other people can appreciate how ambitious the games were for their time."
,Not Recommended,208200,11989532,"Posted: 5 September, 2014",all,Mr.X Cobra & Sons !,Thi is one of the most awsome game i've played!how steam managed to f*** it up so much still escapes me!!!!Achievements dont work!!and the game crashes all the time!!you would think that a game that old would be working without a glitch.and it is suposed to only steam version have these problems!!!The support realy needs a reality check!!!! WE PAY FOR THESE GAMES!!!!But no one seems to care.
76561198122851265,Not Recommended,208200,12005340,"Posted: 6 September, 2014",all,Vodkila,Well I cant play this game i am on the first loading part then CRASH I cant get it to work Someone help me by any chance??
,Not Recommended,208200,581533,"Posted: 25 October, 2012",all,「Saphybutt」 💙 - Gone until 24th,"Simply put, this version is REALLY inferior to the original Doom 3. Downgraded graphics, slower weapons, stupid little features nobody needs and small little changes that are completely unnecessary. It feels like it's a console port now.Oh and if you're thinking of modding the game, forget it. The files are neatly locked away and all mod support has been dropped.Even the newly added Lost Mission campaign wasn't that impressive and many places of the maps were taken straight from the original Doom 3 campaign, but altered slightly.If you want the real Doom 3 experience, buy a DVD copy somewhere, this one really is not worth it."
76561197967755683,Not Recommended,208200,8303190,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,CannonFodder,"A warning about the Open gl issues regarding this game would be nice. Wasted 10 bucks on this, none of the fixes in the steam community work for me. Can not play in windowed mode as it's annoying as all hell. Do not buy"
76561198067421545,Not Recommended,208200,8352689,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,anarchy 103,I love doom the game is amazing so i purchased it on steam during a sale under the assumption i could play it and have a great time. after downloading i started it up and what did i see not doom no what i saw was a pop up box with blue coding text that i was unable to understand. After hours of reading forums and looking for help on the internet i discovered this glitch happened frequently to many people and bethesda still has yet to release a steam patch for it so i decided ♥♥♥♥ it i will get this on a console and not put up with this coding ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t. If you buy it the game is amazing i know since i played on my 360 but keep in mind the steam version needs adept PC  knowledge in order to get working so make sure you're prepared for that
,Not Recommended,208200,8592355,"Posted: 6 January, 2014",all,░░▒▓ Jae ▓▒░░,"I know that this game sounds good, I mean really, who wouldnt want all three dooms and their expansion packs in one game? But upon later inspection, or purchase, you will notice the flaws in the DooM 3 BFG. DooM 3 BFG is alot less compatible then just DooM 3. It will likely hate your graphics card, I tried this on 3 DIFFERENT COMPUTERS, I had problems with them all. If you are looking to mod doom 1 & 2 I would not recommend this, the wads have been censored and modified. As for doom 3, just buy the classic DooM 3. Trust me, it will probably WORK. The only way i could get DooM 3 BFG to work was only on one of the three computers i tried it on. I got it to work, but i have to enter multiplayer every single time i start the game, before going to the singleplayer/campaign, or it just crashes; Speaking of the multiplayer, that's dead too. You might as well get the originals seperately. They at least work the way originally intended and are moddable."
,Not Recommended,208200,11690666,"Posted: 13 August, 2014",all,Maragnus,"Looses the horror charm of the original Doom 3.  I never startled or jumped like I did in the dark with the original. I just run ran through the linear levels, pumping lead into unaffected monsters until their death animation started.  Guns feel artificial, architecture is repetitive boring."
,Not Recommended,208200,9597170,"Posted: 22 March, 2014",all,=WTBS> Dairy Queef,If only the game can start...
76561198049430404,Not Recommended,208200,9164402,"Posted: 17 February, 2014",all,Deadpool,This game doesnt work
,Not Recommended,208200,11579330,"Posted: 6 August, 2014",all,Arrakis,before playing i couldnt remember why i barely played doom 3now i do
76561198111194269,Not Recommended,208200,8386151,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,HPGrizzly,"It doesn't even run for me. This game sucks, i was hoping to relive some key moments that happened on my life on this game, but i couldnt enjoy it because of ERROR: While linking GLSL program 0 with vertexShader gui.vfp and fragmentShader gui.vfpDO NOT BUY IT!"
,Not Recommended,208200,8592593,"Posted: 6 January, 2014",all,Ð²|»gbcolor,"This was a big disappointment, as a fan of the original Doom3 thinking I'd get something of an upgrade in the game.Ignoring the technical failings of this ""resmastered"" game, a big mistake in my mind is the addition of a permenant flashlight.  The mechanic of switching between the light and your gun gave the game it's scariest moments - you can shoot, or you can see what you're shooting.  Taking this away is like taking away Gordon Freeman's Gravity gun.I'd say stick with the BRILLIANT original game.  The expansion is also worth a play through, but not in this version."
76561198078075458,Not Recommended,208200,8828265,"Posted: 24 January, 2014",all,dj_tyrant,avoid like the plague very bad port to steam there about 10 fix on forums spent about 2 day trying them to get it work but not 1 worked for me
76561198061129887,Not Recommended,208200,9695194,"Posted: 1 April, 2014",all,deadeyemarley91,Fails to luanch every time I try to play it. really wish I could get my money back.
,Not Recommended,208200,11340392,"Posted: 20 July, 2014",all,M_W,"Everything you remember about Doom 1, 2, and 3, but worse. Buying the original version of every one of these games is a better use of your money."
,Not Recommended,208200,11438865,"Posted: 27 July, 2014",all,Malevolent,Waste of money....if u wana play this game again rather download the orignal version instead of this scrubby console port
,Not Recommended,208200,9101172,"Posted: 14 February, 2014",all,Lotuseater24,Want to play a less scary version of doom? Want all the doom games sort of? Want an empty multiplayer game with no one else playing? Want that flashlight integrated into your HUD so it's no longer a weapon? Well then I got great news for you!6/10
,Not Recommended,208200,13231843,"Posted: 4 December, 2014",all,Kilroy Sui,"Be warned, this game has a bug that prevents you from even starting it if you have certain graphics cards.Can't say more than that, never been able to get it to even start."
76561198042809730,Not Recommended,208200,14810306,"Posted: 9 March, 2015",all,AROKAY the MAM,"WTF BEX error. I got bex error at my two PCs. google, steam forum, nobody can't solve this god damn error. Don't buy this♥♥♥♥♥♥ when BEX error appears, 1 of 2 can't solve it. And bethesda and Id don't solve it too. Even Battlefield 4 can launch, but this?Launch failed by bex error everytime. 2 PCs are both Win7 64bit and dx11, well 1 can launch and the other launch BEX.  DOOM 3 BEX EDITION. Fxxk the doom, I'll play half life."
76561197973356793,Not Recommended,208200,8525179,"Posted: 2 January, 2014",all,RazoR,"the original version is better in every way. this version has no mod support, some textures worse then the original, and the brightness of levels is by default way too high in the bfg edition which looses its creepy factor of the original doom 3.Also, certain tweaks to the gameplay make it super easy even on the higher difficulty levels... in short. Get Doom 3 not this bundled console port mess."
,Not Recommended,208200,9141805,"Posted: 16 February, 2014",all,Sebastian,"Doom 3 BFG Edition is a great game, but it does have some stability issues which are the resons why I would not recommend it.You are getting a great deal with this package. Just $20 and you get an improved version of Doom 3 with two expension packs as well as Doom 1 and 2. Doom 3 keeps the same horror jump scare feel although it is more action based now since the flash light is now a shoulder light and there is more ammo then you can use. Now for the bad: it crashes. A lot. About every 20 minutes it will suddently stop working. It shouldn't be my hardware. I am running an a10 5750m APU with the 8970m GPU which runs this game at FULL settings with AA. It might be issues with Windows 8.1. So if you have Windows 7 or can handle the constent crashing then go out and get this game, but for the rest I say pass."
,Not Recommended,208200,13439985,"Posted: 18 December, 2014",all,Langis,♥♥♥♥♥♥ port of a good PC game. Crashes and lags on modern hardware.what the ♥♥♥♥ id
,Not Recommended,208200,11325681,"Posted: 19 July, 2014",all,Rob Bob The Corn Cob,It wont even work
76561198063923071,Not Recommended,208200,10076970,"Posted: 10 May, 2014",all,fishpussy101,This game crashes as soon as I launch it. Is there any way to fix it?
76561197964056936,Not Recommended,208200,9143956,"Posted: 16 February, 2014",all,alphawoolf,"The Doom3 portion of this package blows up constantly on my Intel processor/AMD GPU.  The older Doom and Doom II portions of this package, well I don't play them because I have the excellent Zandronum to play.0/10 Would not buy again"
76561198012391614,Not Recommended,208200,9783230,"Posted: 10 April, 2014",all,Rougemage Nick,"I CAN'T GET IT TO WORK, EVERY ♥♥♥♥ING TIME I TRY, IT CRASHES, THERE IS NO HELP IN THE SUPPORT TAB FOR THIS, IT JUST REFUSES TO WORK."
,Not Recommended,208200,10079826,"Posted: 10 May, 2014",all,Danski_The_Manski,Doesn't work.
,Not Recommended,208200,4304890,"Posted: 26 July, 2013",all,spookisato,"Who's a man and a half?! Not this game.It is a console port which not only adds unmoddable version of Doom 1 and 2, which you can obtain easily, but a version of Doom 3 which isn't moddable either, and is also set to a lower standard than the highest settings on Doom 3.No changes have been made to Doom 3 whatsoever, save for a flashlight addition which is not even technically needed, as it added tension in a game that relied on jump scares, which, with the manual flashlight, made it all the more terrifying and frustrating as you made up situations in your head to stress over, as you picked between the two in a desperate attempt to feel safe, one way or the other, for there was no choosing both.Rather that, you have the option of simply having both in this variant of Doom 3, which completely takes fear away and reveals the direction that Doom 3 had, which is nothing but throwing jump scares at the player's face as the game screams out, ""Are you scared yet?"", completely negating the effects on the mind that it once held.You would do better to simply get a disc of the original Doom 3, mod it with graphical updates, and get Skulltag for the upmost reliability. There is nothing here worth even giving note to. It should of stayed on consoles, at any rate."
,Not Recommended,208200,9616948,"Posted: 24 March, 2014",all,Ramesses_VI,"Do yourself a favor, buy this on a console if you can. I dropped $20 on this game, and guess what? I have yet to even play it. The game crashes every 5 seconds, making it completely impossible to play the game at all. Unless you like throwing away your money, don't buy this game."
76561198015538840,Not Recommended,208200,11083064,"Posted: 5 July, 2014",all,sgtCooper,"I don't know why but I always start having headache if I play this game. And it is not even fun. So, I stopped playing this game."
76561198114630275,Not Recommended,208200,10757498,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,G- Man,Doom 3 BFG Edition is a good game but dont download it on steam. Doom 3 BFG Edition (steam version) is known for it not loading correctly or not loading at all. It requires useless programs to run it and it still doesn't work at all. Ram wasted.
,Not Recommended,208200,8409763,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,The Messiah,"Theeres a slight problem with this game, everytime im trying to start up this game it always ends up crashing"
,Not Recommended,208200,9199403,"Posted: 20 February, 2014",all,.LooseMoose,"Where to start? There is no reason why anyone should get this version. The multiplayer setting of Doom 3 BFG is so absurd that I have to assume the devs decided to make the worst ♥♥♥♥ing game ever. I'll try to keep the list of horrors to a minimum:1. No dedicated servers: in other words, you can only play with local people or else the lag will make you want to kill everyone in sight. Seriously, the game pairs you up with ANYONE. Regardless of the area in the world you are. Average ping here is about 250.2. Absolute lack of multiplayer settings: WOOP. There is pretty much only 3D settings. As in no option for your in-game name (uses your steam name), team switches, votes...3. Microphones are always on. Why in the ♥♥♥♥ would this be even CONSIDERED AS A GOOD THING?4. Volume controls: What I mean here is that if you happen to want to play with your music playing, THE VOLUMES WILL KEEP GOING UP AND DOWN. WHAT THE ♥♥♥♥.I think that's enough for the game. The only redeamable feature of this bundle is the original Doom and the revisited campaign of Doom3."
,Not Recommended,208200,9838202,"Posted: 16 April, 2014",all,Zaktan,Keeps Crashing and I want my money back
,Not Recommended,208200,551429,"Posted: 19 October, 2012",all,Berzaric,"PLEASE NEVER BUY THIS!If you like doom at all, hell even if you don't, never buy this ever.60 fov as standard, the only sound option is volume, you can't skip any cutscenes, there is no original flashlight, the characters look worse with the 'new' lighting, they changed the pda layout? (whyyyy??) armour mounted flashlight kills the pacing and gameplay design completely, on the hardest it's a cakewalk when you can see everything. Ever wonder why imps hold their fireballs so long? it's so you can see them in the ♥♥♥♥ing dark, because ID thought of everything. When you have a mounted flashlight it just doesn't matter. They had them seperate for a reason! so you have to choose between sight or might, but no. Just ruin the entire experience, thanks! The graphics are actually worse too, you can't see the shadow your flashlight casts and on a whole it just looks like♥♥♥♥♥♥Doom 1&2 have less options then their 1992 counterparts. Lets just let that sink in. LESS options. than the original version from 1992!!! because I don't see a way to change the controls. and at least the 1992 had a setup exe where you could change all kinds of♥♥♥♥♥♥ You can't get rid of the statusbar. The worst part? You can't skip the ending credits. I went back and checked, you can in the 1992 version. Why in the hell would they change that??? WHY?!?!This is absolutely terrible in every way.Bethesda once again puts their stink all over something."
,Not Recommended,208200,762291,"Posted: 25 August, 2013",all,Raff,"Perfect example of a greedy publisher (Bethesda) rereleasing games to make money off a relatively newly acquired developer (id Software).Basically nothing is changed or remastered, Doom 1 & 2 + Expansion run on Dosbox instead of upgrading them at all (even though there are OpenGL ports but whatever). Doom 3 & it's expansions include an annoying bug where you can't take screenshots otherwise it disables achievements (because it thinks you are cheating in console) which requires exiting the game and restarting.Doom 3 Multiplayer is non existant, gone is the server browser and replaced with a poorly implemented Quick Match option, but it doesn't matter because there is nobody playing online (except for like a few servers in Europe)This is supposed to be a proper Steam release and ""BFG Edition"" but it's clear that Bethesda & Zenimax wanted to milk as much money out of id Software while spending as little time & money doing QA as humanly possible.It is possibly the most disappointing title in my library, not only because I love the Doom series and have been playing them for years, but also due to lazy development and lack of potential/polish.I can only recommend this for nostalgia, as your money can buy multiple indie games or one whole decent retail game for this price.The BFG in this ""edition"" stands for Big, Fat & Greedy which is what Bethesda & Zenimax should consider themselves for rereleasing such a nostalgic game series in such a poor state, without a care in the world for what fans may think.Doom deserves better than this."
76561198117415156,Not Recommended,208200,10924036,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,Sloth,Save your money and mod Doom 3.
,Not Recommended,208200,11824826,"Posted: 22 August, 2014",all,Epic Dickhead,"They censored the secret Wolfenstein level in Doom 2 with boring zombies and pillbags.Dafug bro, where am i gonna kill little blue nazi's yelling ""Mein Lieben"" now?I thought we got over this Nazi thing.Killing Nazi's=Morally fine"
,Not Recommended,208200,1384992,"Posted: 5 February, 2013",all,[ScrN]PooSH,I want my money back!BFG ed. look like **** comparing to original Doom3 + HD mods
76561198088511753,Not Recommended,208200,8583066,"Posted: 5 January, 2014",all,slg1965,The game will not let me get past the intro and then shuts down. I have tried all fixes and up dates but nothing. I am wishing I would not have wasted my money on this game.
,Not Recommended,208200,9875636,"Posted: 19 April, 2014",all,natefun,Well its DOOM 3 :( This game is terrible compared to it predecessors DOOM and DOOM 2! Plus the graphics boost they claim BFG edition has is not there! The original version is almost better because then you can install mods to make the game more worthwhile. WOULD NOT RECCOMEND! On the bright side I now own DOOM and DOOM 2 with all of the expantions :/
76561198352766130,Recommended,208200,28981578,Posted: 3 January,all,Easy Pete☭,VERY GOOD it's an amazing game but i'm very annoyed i didnt get my cyberdemon achievement but the deal is suprising with the DLCs and the remastered doom 3 and and the older 2 :D
,Recommended,208200,9322254,"Posted: 2 March, 2014",all,Junior,2spooky4u
,Recommended,208200,13997714,"Posted: 15 January, 2015",all,Kusgras,Playing doom 3 and Ultimate doom with that framerate is so satisfying
76561197997484493,Recommended,208200,13992098,"Posted: 14 January, 2015",all,The Gabe,"When this was released, I played through 2-3 times. Now, years later, I still enjoyed it. For what you pay it's a bargain"
76561197971478514,Recommended,208200,10690148,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,Morrik,"What can be said?  It's Doom.  Through and through, it's an ID Software Doom game.  Over-the-top represenation of the UAC and what Hell looks like, right down to the name of the monsters.  A word to any AAA developers, this is how you're supposed to make a very immersive FPS with scary elements.  Yes, there are jump-scares, but a lot of the atmosphere is just as scary as well (the sounds are absolutely amazing).My only grip with the game is the gun order is not the same as the original Doom.  The original Doom was:1 - Fist/Chainsaw2 - Pistol3 - Shotgun/Double-Barrel Shotgun4 - Chaingun5 - Rocket Launcher6 - Plasma Rifle7 - BFG 9000I guess they were out-of-order since a few new weapons were introduced (hand-held grenades is one of them).  Regardless of that small gripe, this game is totally worth every penny.  A total steal when on sale.  So turn down the lights, throw on some headphones, crank up the volume and prepare to enjoy the Doom universe through and through."
76561198044211082,Recommended,208200,10271259,"Posted: 28 May, 2014",all,Nightfall,"Really great game in my opinion. Then again, im really open minded and the horror genre is my favorite when it comes to video games. Nonetheless, the gameplay was pretty smooth and nice to go through. The jumpscares were there but eventually you got so used to them you knew when to expect them making them not trigger the ""jump"" factor. The story isnt the greatest or very indepth but its there and its something.On the other hand, you get to play Doom 1 and 2. I had a blast playing through those. It was a refreshing experience from all the modern games with high tech graphics. It brought back the childhood and it was great."
,Recommended,208200,25213341,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,Capt.Crit Rocket.exe,"Never played the original Doom 3 but still is a fun game nonetheless. Shoot, collect pdas and get spooked.Oh yeah and just like what every other review says, yes it comes with Ultimate Doom and Doom 2."
76561198088340585,Recommended,208200,10181035,"Posted: 20 May, 2014",all,convalesce2,"Play this game in the dark, alone. One of the best horror-shooters ever in my opinion."
76561198122796366,Recommended,208200,10183326,"Posted: 20 May, 2014",all,God™,It ain't accurate but it'll blow your ♥♥♥♥ing mind!
,Recommended,208200,10090761,"Posted: 12 May, 2014",all,TheSinnersCreed,DOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOM!
,Recommended,208200,24005289,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,Hypno,"For 20$, you get Doom 1, 2, and 3! Doom 3 remastered as well so it looks better. This game runs great. All 3 games run preferectly for me, and it's a great way to play the old doom games, and it's for a great price."
76561198080894398,Recommended,208200,9000495,"Posted: 6 February, 2014",all,Aristocratic Meme Dealer,The DOOM series is very good. Sadly it doesn't get the recognision it deserves.
,Not Recommended,208200,17337571,"Posted: 1 August, 2015",all,Black Yoshi,"TL;DR:DOOM 3 is awful.Full ReviewI hate DOOM 3.  It falls flat on its face as a DOOM game and it's also unable to deliver a decent shooter experience, let alone a decent horror experience.  The weapons all feel weak, the sound design is poor, the graphics look plastic, I can barely see anything at all half the time, the enemies arent threatening (they're more annoying sometimes) and there's barely any noticeable variety, the story is stupid and takes itself a bit too seriously, the soundtrack is nonexistant minus the kickass menu theme, the level design is uninspired the voice acting is... okay... I guess.But worst of all is the ♥♥♥♥ing monster closet jumpscares...Open a door.>BOO!  SPOOKY DEMON!Pick up a weapon.>BOO!  SPOOKY ZOMBIES!Breathe.>BOO!  SPOOKY PINKY♥♥♥♥♥♥At best, DOOM 3 is a below average-quality corridor shooter.  At worst, it's one of the most boring games I've ever played.  If you're thinking about getting the BFG Edition so you can be able to play a remastered version of this game alongside the two original DOOMs, don't bother.  Just purchase the 'DOOM Classic Complete' pack and download Zandronum & Brutal DOOM and you'll have 1000x more fun that you ever will on DOOM 3.3/10Resurrection of Evil is pretty cool though."
,Recommended,208200,31029635,Posted: 8 April,all,Diddle Schnitz,"Doom III: BFG Edition shines in a differant light than Doom 1 and 2 as well as Doom (2016)Where the others are focused around intense, nonstop combat and speed. Doom III has a nice balance of atmospheric survival horror and combat. It has fast paced sections full of action and waves of enemies, and other sections that are atmospheric, slow paced and downright scary.Even for its age, Doom III still provides an immersive horror experience balanced with differant facets of gameplay. Certainly recommend playing through this timeless gem.9.5 / 10"
,Recommended,208200,26467504,"Posted: 6 November, 2016",all,moore.dylan.t,"Brilliant, brilliant, brilliant.Actually bought and played through Doom 3 in advance of starting the new one. Was pleasantly surprised - the flashlight mechanic and survival horror elements make it in some ways feel more modern than Doom 2016. Not better, mind you, but more modern.An extremely creepy, atmospheric gorefest. Recommended!"
76561198055542088,Recommended,208200,27341656,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Xepher29,"I voted BFG Edition for the 'Villain Most in Need of a Hug"" award.Yes.  A hug.  A nice, warm, fuzzy hug via a BFG plasma shot directly to the face."
76561198156339015,Recommended,208200,34544830,Posted: 27 August,all,iyanweb17,This edition is worth the buy. Avoid nightmare difficulty unless you want a  hard challenge. Doom 3 and both expansions is the most frausting  game I've ever beat on the hardest difficulty . WISH YOU LUCK.
76561198373847005,Recommended,208200,34729050,Posted: 3 September,all,Cheap Rugs,"Love doom 1Love doom 2Love doom 3Love the new doom(2015)there is one problem though, this is the remastered version of doom 3, right.there are still many problems however I will let them slide, except compatibility.a lot of my friends got doom 3, while i got doom 3 bfg edition and we cant play together which shouldn't be the case.And why is the mic always on in multiplayer? I know there is a tricky way to turn it down, but that’s by messing with game files and codes.Also the setting layout was made for Xbox controllers but there is an easy way to fix it.I guess it still is one of my favourite games (including Doom 1 and 2)vewy scawymedium difficulty (good)dont need mouseLMB=control-shoot/activateRMB=space-jumpDoom 1-10/10Doom 2- 10/10Doom 3-remastered-9/102015 doom-10/10i would recomend"
,Recommended,208200,430357,"Posted: 30 April, 2013",all,tim.doherty,"A great collection for a true Doom fan. You get the main games in the franchise with Ultimate Doom, Doom 2, Doom 3 + expansion and some other levels.There isn't really too much ""new"" here.  Doom 3 is over a decade old, so if you are looking at this, you are a fan of the series.  There was talk about lighting and a different save system.  I didn't have any issues with it. I enjoyed having Steam achievements, and being able to replay the old classics to earn them.  Until this release I had never survived Doom 1 Episode 4 on Ultra Violence before .. those first two levels are so brutal compared to the other episodes.You do also get DOOM II: From Earth to Hell which is a 9 level episode originally for one of the consoles.  I enjoyed trying out some fresh levels for the first time.  I died a bit on Ultra Violence .. I saw some big weapons hidden .. but didn't know where the secret doors were to get to them.  I died a few times to some of the great Doom ambushes we all remember.  I changed my tactics to improve and ultimately win.It does lose some points for Doom 1 and 2 not having any multiplayer.  You don't expect to find busy DM servers with the glut of multiplayer options around, however anyone who ever played Coop Doom knows it is a HELL of a lot of fun, and having to go to the older versions for this to work is a shame.  If they got a simple lobby system it would have been neat.I would have also liked it if Final Doom was in here.  I guess its not technically a major release, but an extra 64 levels in the pack and achievements for it would have been a good touch ..  id software .. if you ever do a pack for quake, include ALL the expansion packs ok?Overall you get a lot of great Doom fun for a cheap price.  Well worth owning.  Well worth playing the crap out of it."
,Recommended,208200,13562764,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,PizzaSubCombo,"Not a very good ""DOOM"" game but a fun first person shooter good for a few cheap scares. Really atmospheric."
76561198042186792,Recommended,208200,8749791,"Posted: 17 January, 2014",all,erik_schmidt_13,It's all of the Doom games. It includes the duct tape mod. Played it through 5 times. Nuff said.
,Recommended,208200,13743450,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,*BOOM*Headshot,It's a really good game and it also comes bundled with Doom and Doom 2.Personally I consider it a must buy if you enjoy old school shooters.
,Recommended,208200,14063253,"Posted: 19 January, 2015",all,Papyrus,"RIP AND TEAR, RIP AND TEAR YOUR GUTSYOU ARE HUGETHAT MEANS YOU HAVE HUGE GUTSMIGHT MAKES LIGHTCHAIN SAW THE GREAT COMUNICATOR10/10 OOOOOOH ILIKE IT"
76561198055942607,Recommended,208200,24064557,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,The Iceman,"There is a fair amount of hate revolving around Doom 3 since its release. Doom 3 was plagued with bugs, poor interface, and most importantly didn’t feel like Doom. Doom BFG has corrected many of the problems such as the bugs and interface, but truth be told Doom 3 doesn’t feel like Doom. Never the less Doom 3 is a fun game to play if you have a few hours to kill. It doesn’t reinvent the wheel, but it is a good time killer. Doom BFG also includes all the DLC for Doom 3 which makes it so you can enjoy the game longer.The most important thing though that Doom BFG has is Doom 1 and 2 built in the game itself. This is a good way to play or replay the originals without buying anything extra.Overall, pick up Doom BFG if it is on sale. It is experience to sink some time into, but having the originals makes up for a lackluster game."
,Recommended,208200,20437974,"Posted: 9 January, 2016",all,⎛⎝Ｓ u r f Ｂ i r d⎠⎞,"Just a fantastic game all around,and probably one of my personal favorite FPS!!Doom 3: BFG Edition is cool because it contains the first two doom games plus the Resurrection of Evil expansion that adds 8 new levels to the game.The Resurrection of evil expansion really gives you a lot of extra game time(Almost as much as the base game)Plus it's got achievements.So you really are getting a  lot of bang for your buck!I loved the first two Dooms, and had planned on purchasing them until i noticed they were included in this pack.That makes this def worth picking up.If you can get it on a sale then hey even better!The plot is pretty decent,and the voice acting is for the most part well done.You play as  a transfer to the Union Aerospace Corporation located on Mars.The UAC has been doing research on artifacts that were recently discovered in an archeological dig.Dr. Betruger the director of research at the Union Aerospace Corporation research facility on Mars has used these artifacts to open a doorway to hell.Turning everyone into evil possesed asshats ,and unleashing legions of hells demons.Soon after your arrival at the UAC things start to go south ,and it's up to you to fight the evil and save humanity.Now I've seen a lot of people complaining about a few of  the graphical changes ,and honestly i really didn't notice that much of a change.That being said It has been many years since I've played this so i guess it wouldn't matter much unless you recently played or have a great memory!Then there's those who say it's unmoddable....well i hate going around downloading crap ,and messing with files so with me it's fine!Also that this version is super easy with health and ammo laying around everywhere.Well there is but there was in the original if i recall.Also there's difficulty settings so just play it on hard if you find the game a little to easy.As far as atmosphere is concerned this game has tons of it!It's visually appealing and it's opressive,dark,creepy ,and definitely leaves you feeling like your alone in space fighting legions of demons.Nice level design,and the bosses are all great!Do yourself a favor,and pick it up already!!!"
,Recommended,208200,23012410,"Posted: 15 May, 2016",all,NolBoi,"Doom 3Doom 3 itself is a fun game with its claustrophobic, tight corridors and combat with it's terrifying demons. What makes this edition great is that is comes with both DLCs, and that they branch off of the main story line and show you different experiences with different people. Doom 3 offers some spooky atmosphere and plenty of jumpscares. I'd reccommend this game if you are looking for action, jumpscares, and a hellish tone. Doom 3 is a great single player game, but sadly you won't find anyone playing multiplayer.Doom 1 & 2Doom 1 and 2 practically play the exact same: the shoot 'em up type of thing. They're pretty fun to play, but I spent more time in Doom 3 because I found it more fun. Doom 1 and 2 don't actually have a story, but it's pretty fun to just run around really quickly blasting your foes away."
,Recommended,208200,19449060,"Posted: 2 December, 2015",all,Dr. Kushenstein's Monster,"Great Game, some changes from the original doom 3, like including doom 1 and 2 and the doom 3 expansion, and a flashlight toggle."
76561198128943101,Recommended,208200,23211463,"Posted: 25 May, 2016",all,killer cale,i love doom
,Recommended,208200,32886330,Posted: 27 June,all,Schemer,I enjoyed replaying the series.  Almost as much as I did when they first came out so many years ago.
76561198019975866,Recommended,208200,3275201,"Posted: 14 July, 2013",all,Trevs987,"The best new feature of this game has to be the mounted flashlight on your weapons. Gone is having to switch back and forth between exploring and fighting, but I will admit that this somewhat takes a good amount of the suspense away.Other then that you get the same story with same set of enemies but with better lighting and shadows.The game also has the expansion pack along with a brand new mission.It also features Doom and Doom 2 so if you're a fan then this is certainly worth the time and effort."
,Not Recommended,208200,15993668,"Posted: 24 May, 2015",all,Mohawkguy32,"Best buying it on a console.  There hasn't been a bug fix for the Blue screen of death that a lot of people are getting and Bethesda hasn't released a patch for it.  So you have a 50 50 chance of getting it to work.Buy at your own risk is all i have to say.  If you get it to work, great game....just bad port.  Funny how originally it was for PC and now moved to consoles."
,Recommended,208200,16736852,"Posted: 27 June, 2015",all,Over|ord,Enjoyed playing :)
,Recommended,208200,8411731,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,Raum,"I played a ton of Doom 3 (non Steam edition), so I don't really need much time of this version to get my impressions.I've heard a ton of racket on the internet about how terrible this port is, which has prevented me from buying it. It went down to $5 in the sale, and since it came with Doom I and II, I figured it was worth at least a try. The main argument against this version is that, hypothetically, Doom 3 with the expansion and a few modifications installed surpasses this version. I have to say - getting Doom 3 working, widescreen, on Windows 7, with mods, is quite the pain in the♥♥♥♥♥ and the benefit is really not that much.The BFG addition adds a different flashlight mechanci from the original, and on top of that, the game is brighter in general. The added brightness really makes the game flow a lot better. The flashlight is now attached to your suit, but can't stay on forever, needing a bit of time to recharge. The overall effect is that the game is a bit less tense, but it just plays way better overall. The game is stuck in ultra settings, with no way to adjust the quality downward, and there's a terrible motion blur setting that is fortunately easy to disable. There's also the previously console exclusive Lost Missions, which are a couple of extra bonus levels.I think this is the definitive Doom collection. If you want to play the Doom games, this is a good place to go. You can have them all under one roof, functional, without having to play with a ton of INI files to get them working well on your modern machine."
76561197961594845,Recommended,208200,12136054,"Posted: 17 September, 2014",all,PaXton,Is this the best game ever made? Yes
76561197967308053,Recommended,208200,8546500,"Posted: 3 January, 2014",all,[KM]CUDACON,"I liked doom 3 and resur add on, when it came out, so for 4.99 i got 2 play the bfg edition, very cool 2 fire the plasma gun in 1920x1080!"
76561197993320913,Recommended,208200,7760106,"Posted: 25 November, 2013",all,.:|GO|:.Quazzie,Still one of my all time favorite FPS series.A must for any FPS enthusiast!
,Not Recommended,208200,8048431,"Posted: 14 December, 2013",all,Spec,"Ok so all of doom in one pack with tweaked doom 3.  Sounds like a good deal right?  Wrong, not only do you get unmoddable doom 3, where you can't fix the gameplay, you also get unmoddable Doom and Doom II.Thats right, by buying this edition you lose out on 20 years of classic Doom mods.Do yourself a favor and buy the seperate games."
,Recommended,208200,581080,"Posted: 10 August, 2013",all,Andrack,My favorite part about DOOM 3 is the first 5 minutes when you are a newly hired employee of a (probably) Fortune 500 company. I kinda wish there was a version of this game where hell doesn't literally break loose and you just continue to do boring patrols and chill with other valued members of the prestigious research facility. The funny part is that most people who play this game will never experience that in real life. I know I sure won't.:'(My second favorite part is Super Turkey Puncher 3.
76561198003307414,Recommended,208200,10808693,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,Stefan1983,A must buy for everyone
,Recommended,208200,7776858,"Posted: 26 November, 2013",all,AMB 10,"This collection is worth it simply for the inclusion of working ports of Doom 1 and 2. id took this collection another step by fixing up Doom 3 and making it look all pretty. While there isn't too much of a graphical difference, the new effects and resolutions are nice, and they finally fixed that goddamn flashlight. The Lost Mission campaign isn't much to write home about, but the level design is compact and practical, and still maintains the magic Doom 3 had all those years ago."
,Not Recommended,208200,9590978,"Posted: 22 March, 2014",all,Captain Mazda,"As a huge Doom fan, this was just a massive disappointment and the final time I bother supporting ID. Do yourself a favour and just play the original Doom 3, it's a great game and this dumbed-down console re-release doesn't do it justice."
,Recommended,208200,14515677,"Posted: 17 February, 2015",all,gunsage,"About 10 years ago, I couldn't get this game to run and now I can run it at full spec.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KE_5nd8fGGg&index=49&list=PLYkTBSuzozCRmWovr0gMsVFUKAo1s94JKDoom 3 is a really fun, really grown up version of Doom that will actually make you jump from time to time, which is really saying something because I don't jump when playing games anymore.  The last game that did that for me was Amnesia.  And for it to also lump in Doom 1 and 2?  This is perfect."
,Recommended,208200,9306236,"Posted: 1 March, 2014",all,ForestDragon,"I can only recommend this collection package!With this collection I can play all the official Doom series:- Doom + expansion- Doom 2 + expansion- Doom 3- Doom 3: Resurrection of Evil expansion- Doom 3: The Lost mission expansionAnd now comes the matter!We can play Doom 3 BFG edition with:- Win 7 compatible- Real widescreen resolutions- Enhanced graphic options- Multiplayer- Steam Achievements- New save system (you can choose, checkpoint-saves, or manual, or both)- We can play in REAL 3D- All games in one package (and you can start all games from one main menu)I played with Doom 3 only once, but that flashlight-thing wasn't for me. (1 zombie 1 hit with flashlight? C'mon!)But now we have the Flashlight on the Suit!I recommend this game for old Doom fans, for a new Doom experiences (yes, its another game now, but still the same), as well as new players !Tonight, we Dine in Hell!"
,Recommended,208200,8403777,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,BIBLICAL,♥♥♥♥♥ ♥♥♥♥♥ ♥♥♥♥♥ its doom 3 u get doom 1 and 2 and you can use the files for doom 2 to play custom modes like ghouls vs humans <333 ♥♥♥♥♥ hood
76561198062514532,Recommended,208200,19662876,"Posted: 12 December, 2015",all,TiTleMeister,Prepare for BrutalDoom
76561198027293672,Not Recommended,208200,9538270,"Posted: 17 March, 2014",all,Kuya Kentei,"just purchased the day before and i am unsatisfied with this game. I don't know why they would sell a game half♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ if anything its better to get the games seperated because their product doesn't fully support what they offer ""HALF♥♥♥♥♥♥♥quot;."
,Recommended,208200,11206015,"Posted: 12 July, 2014",all,GranaSaber,"Doom 3, The I found duct tape edition. Yet it is a very good game and is where FPS should go to evolve. not Call of Duty"
76561198204395101,Recommended,208200,34694240,Posted: 2 September,all,Miller,Darkroom simulator 2004 (Get it? Because the original version was released in 2004 and the rooms are dark xD) But in all seriousness... This game is good!
76561198243525420,Recommended,208200,33216939,Posted: 3 July,all,Josef Stalin,GET IT! IT COMES WITH DOOM 1 AND 2! IT FEELS SO GREAT. also 42 is the meaning of life.
76561198093313250,Recommended,208200,26228041,"Posted: 26 October, 2016",all,☑ ⇨Վահագն™(✪),awesome
76561198029307443,Recommended,208200,34740109,Posted: 4 September,all,SonnyX,good game ! my favorite !!!!
76561198165896107,Recommended,208200,28840758,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,TANKYWANK,"Are you a fan of classic fps games? Have you recently played the new DOOM and wanted to try out the older ones? Well, look no further! For only $6.59 you can get Doom, Doom II, and Doom 3 with all it's added content. Also, Doom 3 holds up surprisingly well for a game that's over a decade old."
,Recommended,208200,5131142,"Posted: 17 March, 2013",all,Miskude,"I recommend this to players that are new with the DOOM series, otherwise... The original games are better. The answer is simple really; the original DOOM 1, 2 and 3 have amazing mods. That's all.The first DOOM games have awesome sourceports, and cool wads that made it much better. They even have an online community.The mods for DOOM 3 make it an overall better looking game than this BFG edition, and there are other story mods that are incredible.This edition doesn't support mods, so...I can recommend this only for the additional campaign and the multiplayer aspect (it's actually cool).7/10"
76561197977892146,Not Recommended,208200,10441803,"Posted: 12 June, 2014",all,M6Hurricane,"♥♥♥♥ this game.In Delta Labs Lobby, there's a button for the elevators. If you push that button before the power is turned on, the button is permanently stuck and you cannot advance. ID ♥♥♥♥ING KNOWS ABOUT THIS AND DID NOT CHANGE IT FOR THE BFG EDITION.There is no autosave before you enter this room."
,Recommended,208200,2518091,"Posted: 8 August, 2013",all,CannavaroJ,"Doom BFG is not remake game but it is a big patch for Doom series, If your love large arsenal, fast gameplay, solid gunplay and ID Soft style you will love it.Caution : Obsolete graphic, Old school gameplay and Problem with AMD graphic card."
76561198009479784,Recommended,208200,28476670,"Posted: 19 December, 2016",all,Vextris,"Doom 3: BFG Edition is an awesome game to add to any Doom lover's library.What it comes with:-DOOM-DOOM II-DOOM 3 with DOOM 3: Resurrection of Evil & The Lost MissionThe classics are just that, classic.  They run well and you will love it, just as you did back in the day.  I was amazed at how fun these games still are even to this day.  Doom 3 is awesome and with the upgrades as well as the DLC and lost mission, its totally worth playing through either for the first time or again!I highly recommend this bundle as it is superior to trying to get these games running without the port.  This is a port/conversion that was done correctly and if your a DOOM fan at all, you must own this!"
,Recommended,208200,33215639,Posted: 3 July,all,Meme lord ascendant,If you're a real Doom fan it's worth every cent. In my opinion a very great game especially the first two!
,Recommended,208200,19632787,"Posted: 11 December, 2015",all,SMYRN1A,"10/10Even now, after ten years of first released, this game is still looking good! Flashlight and blur effects still incredible and support full controller."
76561198303606061,Recommended,208200,23506082,"Posted: 11 June, 2016",all,leesus3113,"If you are planning to purchase DOOM 2016 and havent played DOOM 3 I highly recommend you play this first! Cant beat the price, and its a great way to amp your excitement for the latest installment! BFG edition is one of the greatest game updates in history!"
76561198256485964,Recommended,208200,32338392,Posted: 11 June,all,One-Oh-Seven,"There isn't a reason in the world you shouldn't own this.Plays great, looks great, feels great.Its Doom, and Doom never disappoints"
76561197968331161,Recommended,208200,15883474,"Posted: 18 May, 2015",all,Danger,Amazingly creepy
76561198079937712,Recommended,208200,8014940,"Posted: 12 December, 2013",all,DarkMatter,"The ultimate collection of the best game ever this is my number 1 favorite game of all time all the best dooms in one these are my favorite I have played Doom64, Final Doom, along with the old school doom missions pack this is a great mix of arcade horror gamplay and features some of the coolest demons to shoot, the demons range from small to huge and same goes for the guns to you can blast away a Imp with a shotgun or whip out the BFG 9000 and blow away a Hell Knight the one thing in this game when you first play it is that you never know whats around the corner I have played the old Dooms since they were all on the oldest consoles and on the old computers this game is amazing and after you play the crap out of this game and beat it play it in all the difficultys for max enjoyment I can not stress this enough you must buy this game!"
76561198066707071,Recommended,208200,16614301,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,Sterbefall,This brings me back! Awesome package for all who truly loved this game!
,Not Recommended,208200,16896346,"Posted: 5 July, 2015",all,Giulz00,The BFG version does not have support for mods. Be aware of that:(
,Not Recommended,208200,8252218,"Posted: 24 December, 2013",all,nazee zamby patriarch,"what do you get when you take doom 3 and integrate the flashlight mod into normal gameplay? a game that is only slightly above average. an improvement over the original version of doom 3, at least, except that it can't be modded."
,Not Recommended,208200,8682853,"Posted: 12 January, 2014",all,߷ SpookMinds ߷,"Doom 3: BFG Edition... Where to start. Well this is a game that was made for consoles and not pc inmind. The options for this game are non existant, it takes the scary aspect out as the guns have a flashlight and not a handheld one, there is no mod support and the ""HD Textures"" are non existant. Adding to this is the price as you can buy doom 3 for a fraction of this.Overall I rate this game 3/10 as it is a console game and buying doom 3 is 100 times better."
76561197997810133,Recommended,208200,14598259,"Posted: 22 February, 2015",all,Akula,"Yes! Doom 3 becomes a little bit more Epic. Well what is different now? The Graphics are a little bit better, more Bloom, more features and the Environment makes more Point now and the Story is telling more detailed. And at all, the Doom 3: BFG Edition Includes the Resurection of Evil Campaign and the best of all, it includes Doom 1 and 2 and some DLC´s about Doom 1/2. A Plus more, the Soundeffects are better."
76561198044848169,Recommended,208200,23417733,"Posted: 6 June, 2016",all,Nomad,fckin love it.
76561197967678660,Recommended,208200,31810790,Posted: 17 May,all,Colonel,BEST FIRST PERSON SHOOTER EVER.
76561198058208909,Not Recommended,208200,17622803,"Posted: 19 August, 2015",all,BuilditBUCKO,"DO NOT EVER THINK ON BUYING THIS GAME! Why, because the devs decided to make a horrible port and let it rot on the internet. I swear when this happens, its because someone didn't really care that their game was going to die if they decided to do it. I bet I could get the CD version to run in fullscreen without being forced to run in a small window. Sure, that looks good, and runs well, but I want some emersion, and seeing a box outlining the screen is Terrible. No one wants to see a screen reduced to a small pile of crap on you computer. And for those if you must know the way to run this game properly is to go into the properties on steam, set up the launch options to launch the game this way: +Set r_fullscreen  0. Like I said though, you're only getting a small screen. Some peole might luck out and put in 2-4 inplace of 0 and get their fullscreen, but me, guess I'm unlucky. Uninstalled it right after too because either way, if I am going to play a game in a small window I better be recording it or some other reason because I wouldn't have to run it just to play it in a window.Also, just incase you made it this far on my little rant, I never really leave a review unless it KILLS me to see a game fall into the trash bin, and yes my laptop is REALLY good and close to the ""Up-to-date"" quota to play a game like this.My main specs:Intel i7 core processerNvidia 850 GTX16 RAMAnd honestly, that's practically all I would need to run this game. Sure there is more I could include, but that's the bulk of what gets used on this laptop. Rest in pieces Doom 3, you will be... sorta missed."
,Recommended,208200,12111373,"Posted: 15 September, 2014",all,Chubs,"DOOM 1. Brilliant game play, fast action and decent map designs. What you'd expect from a 90s shoot em' up game. DOOM 2, my personal bread and butter out of the lot. Much like DOOM 1 but with better maps and more enemies. and DOOM 3 which, while good, I personally don't think it's as good as 1 and 2.  Possibly the fact that the 3D environment doesn't give the same feel or there isn't demons in your face 24/7 although their is no real shortage of action.If I had to rate the series as a whole, I'd give 10/10. It's worth a buy for sure, full of mindless violence and a somewhat interesting concept and story, although nobody cares about that, we all just want to shoot things.TL;DR. You get to kill tons of things and is a fast paced action pact game. Worth the buy."
,Recommended,208200,33004997,Posted: 29 June,all,GoravGopalSingh,Bring back old memories ... BFG Edition made the Simple old Fun game Re playable and even more Fun
76561197970935395,Not Recommended,208200,11432088,"Posted: 27 July, 2014",all,War_Dyn27,"the only good thing about this game is the fact that doom 1 & 2 come with it and they are a lot cheaper than 30$the game is ugly, not only because of its age but its weak aestheticbad sound designlacks the fun exploration and run and gunning fron the originaldont buy unless on sale"
,Recommended,208200,12931877,"Posted: 13 November, 2014",all,Snoopz,"Good game for 3 dooms in one it is very good, so let me begin the review the first Doom is really good for a classic and is very addictive but is easy to finish some enemys are very OP in my opinion or i just suck, since this game has no online I really mostly play it when i am offline.Doom 2 is also very good but I got stuck and gave up really fast.Doom 3 I just played very little not enough to give it a proper review but over all i say this pack is 9.3 out of 10 only if you like the classic games."
76561198111630118,Not Recommended,208200,17932322,"Posted: 7 September, 2015",all,Smoking Cheesecake,"I have played this game before steam, and I thought it was grand, especially with the original dooms included with the game. However, my game won't even start up to the main menu. It isn't the typical ""openGL"" error, so i cnt find anything on the internet. I personally wouldn't recommend this game until valve fixed it's issues, which is a shame because i actually liked doom 3 bfg."
,Not Recommended,208200,8762574,"Posted: 18 January, 2014",all,sol,"This game has not aged well. Unless you have played it when it first came out and are looking for a hefty dose of nostolga then save yourself the trouble and don't buy this game.No AI, no mechanics, just jumpscares. Unbeleviably dull."
,Recommended,208200,24812810,"Posted: 10 August, 2016",all,"God, owner of the Universe","THIS GAME SCORES [0 1 | 2 *3*] = ~88% (75%-100%)Doom 3 (published 2004) is an awesome hellish corridor shooter with a great (albeit simple) campaign story, if you please ignore that demons from Hell should be unimpressed by earthly firepower.It's a very immersive ride that I have taken from A to Z at least 4 times. If you want to forget the world and live through a demonic science fiction story, Doom 3 is the way to go.The sounds require a bit of getting used to because they are equalized / dynamic compressed too extremely (though not as insanely as in Bioshock Infinite), but after a while this will feel alright.People say that Doom 3 is visually too dark, but what they are missing is that this is a game forseriousgamers who want to go on an immersive ride instead of just having fun in the living room with friends. So, turn off the lights, use a big screen, tweak the FOV (The console allows to set anything you want.), and get lost for 12-18 hours in a dark science fiction tale that, while kind of routine once you know how to handle your weapons, will keep you on the edge throughout.Some people don't like that it takes a while before the action starts. Those, too, are notseriousgamers. Drink up the mood! Role-play! Explore this science fiction reality while you're not yet under pressure and while things are still well lit.TECHDoom 3 uses real-time lighting throughout, and I believe it was even the first 3D 1st person campaign shooter that did this. While this has visual downsides (especially since the engine is old, so there is no hint of Global Illumination) compared to baked light-maps, it contributes immensely to the experience, and they show it off in quite a few places. Try to imagine what it's like to see this for the first time. Oooh! Aaah! Who wants to touch me.BothDoom 3and theBFG editioncan be modded, but not all D3 mods work with D3BFG. I played through the unchanged version of both and enjoyed both. I copy&pasted this review text toboth.The Doom 3 title music is mono and very badly equalized - sounds like complete crap. Yay, a DVD-sized game, and they saved 2 MB on the title track. :( And guess what they didnotchange when they created the BFG edition - yep, as unfathomable as it may seem, the crappy title music file. In Doom 3 (Non-BFG.), you could at least easily mod the title music by supplying a file (incl. path) of the same name as it was in the data archive files, so I obtained a better sounding (and stereo) version of the track and even equalized it for more boom. Well, apart from this drastic oversight, Doom 3 is a great product."
76561198069840271,Recommended,208200,33254533,Posted: 4 July,all,Myers,This is awesome I recommend to buy this if you like doom.
,Not Recommended,208200,13151971,"Posted: 29 November, 2014",all,Not Here for Fortune or Fame,"Doom 3 is, frankly, not very good. The core problem here is the level design; the levels are cramped and bland, the solutions to several mandatory puzzles are painfully obtuse, and overall simply figuring which way is ""out"" is an exercise in both tedium and frustration.Heck, even the actual gameflow that made the first two Doom games the timeless classics that they are is completely butchered. Your nameless marine stumbles around at a pace that makes a Call of Duty protagonist look like Usain Bolt, most enemies take way longer to kill than they reasonably should, and any sense of weapon balance is thrown right out the window. And for what, exactly? Dark rooms (countered by a flashlight that runs on a rapidly recharging battery) and jump scares. Yes, you'll often be ambushed by enemies who literally spawn in right behind you, leading to an ungodly amount of insanely dull firefights.It's particularly jarring since the BFG Edition comes packaged with the first two Doom games, which play entirely differently, and are, for that matter, infinitely better in almost every respect. Heck, they're both so darn good that I would recommend buying BFG for them alone-- except that they're on sale on Steam in other capacities, and much cheaper to boot.How the mighty have fallen."
,Recommended,208200,23027358,"Posted: 16 May, 2016",all,Nanolather,"Often called the weakest title in the series, Doom 3 is a satisfying shooter. Sure, there are some cheap punches pulled by Imps hiding behind doors, waiting for you to open them, granting them a free hit. However, there's a lot going on here. Some of the setpieces are honestly creepy, and the variety of weapons (albiet taken straight from previous Doom titles with the exception of the machine gun) are satisfying. The game runs well on modern machines, and has some amazing lighting effects. Doom 3: BFG Edition also includes Doom and Doom 2, and if you don't own those titles, this is an added boon. There's also several achievements to nab here, for those who hunt them. For the price, I think you can do a lot worse than Doom 3."
,Recommended,208200,32689408,Posted: 23 June,all,digLIT (dab on the haters),"This game includes Doom 1 and Doom 2 as well, for cheaper. The games come with .WAD files so you can use any source port."
,Not Recommended,208200,16847070,"Posted: 2 July, 2015",all,HIAS! CSOFFER.ME CSGOBlocks.Com,this game is not worth any money it should just be free i have tryed to play in on 6 differnt computer and 2 can play battlefield 4 on max and other  games still on max yet nope this just has an error saying it does not work look at my time on it all that is trying to get it fixed but nope this $Hl7 storm of a game sucks and it also is not as good as the other dooms this just takes the scare out of it i have seen it on videos ever one. PLEASE PEOPLE DONT BUY THIS GAME SAVE YOUR MONEY
,Recommended,208200,31758446,Posted: 14 May,all,MarkH123456,"Includes all DOOM games except Doom 4. Doom 3 can now be run at 1080p and versions of doom 2 and 1. Those versions dont have the same sound as the dos version, but it still sounds great. I highly recommend it."
,Not Recommended,208200,8907089,"Posted: 29 January, 2014",all,James,These opinions are from a guy that hasn't played Doom 3 without the BFG editionPros- Scary- Good Voice acting- The first and second Doom come included with the episodes (Both better games)Cons- Weak unsatisfying weapons- Low res-textures- Extremely low polygon count- Slightly predictable- Almost no graphical adjustments- The start of the game feels like it was completely ripped from Half Life- You have to listen to dull audio files to get key codes- Slow paced combat- Tight enclosed areas- Apparently unmoddableConclusionA very unpolished game that seems like it is just trying to leech money off of its previous games’ success. The game should have been under a different title as it does not feel like a doom game in the slightest. The only thing similar in this is the items and enemies and even that’s a stretch.
76561198061610673,Not Recommended,208200,12155706,"Posted: 19 September, 2014",all,Dr. Tremor,"I keep trying to play it. But It kept crashing every few minutes. So no, I DO NOT recommend it at all. It ate my money. I really wanted to play it and get it. But it's just not worth it. This game is incredibly unstable. >:("
,Recommended,208200,33032138,Posted: 30 June,all,turak64,"The HD mod is a must for this game. It's a shame that it goes from being a horror to a standard shooter about an hour in, but still worth a go."
,Recommended,208200,428387,"Posted: 1 January, 2013",all,｢C❤A｣ Pocahawtness,"What this edition really gives you is DOOM, DOOM II and DOOM 3 in one package.  Start the game, and you select which you want to play from the main menu, so it’s all very neat and tidy. But apart from that, really, there seems little point in this edition. The changes id made are rather trivial. They made DOOM 3 scenes a little lighter, but less scary in the process.  Lets be honest, do we really care that we can now see the miles and miles of bland pipes that make up all the DOOM 3 backgrounds? They would have done better changing the sounds, which are rather bland. But anyway, is it worth it? If you already have the games, then no. There aren’t enough changes to even justify a sale price! But if you don’t own any one of the three, then yes, buy it! Wait till it’s on sale though, because it certainly isn’t worth the price id released it at."
,Not Recommended,208200,13989249,"Posted: 14 January, 2015",all,Solid Snake,there's no Steam cloud support.  The original Doom 3 had steam cloud.  what the heck
76561198090182508,Not Recommended,208200,17676630,"Posted: 23 August, 2015",all,ChipmunkOFtheDAMNED,"While this version might've been cool for console players back when it was released, there is really nothing to brag about here for PC. Suffers from everything from horrible frame lock to lack of graphics options, not to mention no modding support. Tis a shame because the original Doom 3 was amazing, and made even more so with the awesome modding community. This version is just a cheap hand me down that was designed for consoles...avoid unless necessary."
,Recommended,208200,12225875,"Posted: 24 September, 2014",all,fb//Marcus Antonius,"Doom 3: BFG Edition is a must have for any fps or horror fan. Doom 3 itself is a pretty good shooter with a good horror atmosphere. Doom ROE is a decent DLC with new enemies and new weapons. And ofcourse the first two dooms don't need any introduction. Buy it, it is worth it."
76561198170054770,Not Recommended,208200,24591069,"Posted: 29 July, 2016",all,Thursdaythe12th,"Its Doom 3 for console.The gam itself it relatively unchanged, but modding support is crippled. Many features from the standard version (Graphical options, sound options) are gone.Fairly good value on it's own, but considering the standard version is still available I really can't recommend this one in it's present state."
,Recommended,208200,23833080,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,SAY10,"While I understand that a lot of people are angry that this game is essentially the same game that was released in 2004 (and without major changes), I highly question whether or not most of these user reviews are from true customers or just a bunch of butthurt communists angry that ID Software is making money on Doom 3 again. With that said, I would be reluctant to recommend this version to someone who already owns all the Doom games. However, for someone who doesn't own Doom 3 and/or the early Doom games, Doom 3 BFG is an excellent choice. I guess whether or not one can give this game a good review depends entirely on whether or not they liked Doom 3 - which the Doom community is split down the middle on. I loved Doom 3 - and I love this game. The extra content and improved lighting make Doom 3 BFG a great deal. About the only thing that keeps me from giving this game a perfect 10 is the fact that it currently lacks mod support - so all of the great Doom 3 mods cannot be enjoyed with this version - yet. That is apt to change soon, however, it's still somewhat of a bummer that these mods can't be used immediately. I am still awarding it a perfect 10, however, just to counter the butthurt communists."
76561198071203515,Recommended,208200,10009779,"Posted: 3 May, 2014",all,:() C :() C :() C :() C :() C,"Doom is a masterpiece of a shooter. Doom 1 and 2 are the most unique games in the whole genre, and while Doom 3 is not on the same level it is also a great horror shooter. I recommend this highly and also not playing this around your kids."
76561198038828453,Recommended,208200,4545685,"Posted: 1 January, 2013",all,ChristerDoo,Even 20 years later... so sweeet. What a blast playing the original DOOM again - with a controller no less. I remember when it first came out - playing at 2 am in the dark... and my wife snuck up behind me and yelled BOOO ! ..... I jumped 3 feet and nearly made brownies.Not so scary now but the nostalgia alone is so awesome. Can't wait to work through to DOOM 2 and 3. This BFG Edition is sooo worth it.
76561198308965257,Recommended,208200,32990511,Posted: 29 June,all,dankmemes9985,"Awesome game. It's like this is the full realization of what John Carmack was trying to achieve with the original Doom, now that computers and graphics are far more advanced. I really recommend this game"
76561198080493156,Recommended,208200,26716528,"Posted: 20 November, 2016",all,Mr. pootis,RIP AND TEAR
,Recommended,208200,20216898,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,cacpowpow,"It's Doom 1, and Doom 2, and Doom 3, but instead of clogging up your library list with Doom 1 and Doom 2 and Doom 3 you just have Doom 3 BFG... is that a good thing?"
76561197967472367,Recommended,208200,8354675,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,giGGles,You need this. End. Of. Story.
76561198029792788,Recommended,208200,20203680,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,Asanee P.,"minor changed from original 2004.new menu, loading screen and PDA in game, easy to read.map load faster.flashlight can not use as weapon anymore.you can turn flashlight on while shooting but limit time and wait to recharges.display 16:9 HD resolution already support.motion blur support.3D video support.option EAX4.0 was removed, no ambience sound support.I recommended for who had never played Doom 3."
,Recommended,208200,8791598,"Posted: 20 January, 2014",all,[THT]FASCIITIS,must have. period.
,Recommended,208200,9623664,"Posted: 24 March, 2014",all,Macho Man,Must have for any DooM fan.
76561198080698498,Recommended,208200,12336197,"Posted: 3 October, 2014",all,StarxStone,Ok this is me. I love the old dooms and thats why I bought this game. Not for D3 but because I loved id games when they were simpler yet adding a twist to everything. It was awesome to see how well id made the doom games and D3 is really cheesy and not really scary. At least the old dooms made you kind of jump if a demon was around the corner.8/10 but only for the old dooms6/10 for the actual game
76561197975247124,Recommended,208200,11922817,"Posted: 30 August, 2014",all,Evilgoattea,This is game is fun.  A little dated but still quite enjoyable.  Also having Doom I and II bundled with this makes it a must have for any kid who was born in the 80s and grew up in the 90s playing the original doom on their 386 or 486 computers.8/10
76561198133686659,Recommended,208200,28685505,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,FunkyMirkin,A tense atmospheric & at times claustrophobic first person shooter with plenty of jump moments and will have you on edge throughout. The graphics may look a little dated at first but once you have played for a couple of hours you'll get over it.Best played in the dark with a headset on!
,Recommended,208200,7921662,"Posted: 4 December, 2013",all,Prentus Moll,my favorite part is the crane gamehttp://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gloodMj0u_I
76561198018829865,Recommended,208200,13291157,"Posted: 8 December, 2014",all,kenfrog,"Don't Read this review  - Get the game and Give it a go.   Loads of fun, DOOMYou should not need more, You♥♥♥♥♥"
,Recommended,208200,23005606,"Posted: 15 May, 2016",all,xxmpizz1exx,"pretty fun game. dig the controller support on doom 3. wish there was an aim button but thats ok, i love this game. ty!!!!"
,Recommended,208200,22986413,"Posted: 14 May, 2016",all,Ket,"A mixture of nostalgic demon-slaying and immersive horror-shooting.Some players may not enjoy the retro side of this bundle, but it's still a great deal regardless."
76561198049340422,Recommended,208200,23596000,"Posted: 16 June, 2016",all,Ayefkay,"I wish had coop options like DEAD SPACE 3 ""Great with a friend"""
76561198117850901,Not Recommended,208200,23716158,"Posted: 22 June, 2016",all,Brettster713,everytime i load a level in doom 3 its pitch black (texture missing) same here for the flashlight and the code screens i tried everything i could to fix itsomethings wrong with the graphics HELP!!!
,Recommended,208200,5350007,"Posted: 2 December, 2012",all,Eric,If you havent played doom 3 just get the BFG edition so much content!
,Recommended,208200,7886936,"Posted: 2 December, 2013",all,We can't ☪☮Σ✡¡☯✞,Step 1: Buy it.Step 2: Download it.Step 3: Get in contact with a trusted friend before you play the gameStep 4: Play at night.Step 5: Go cry to that trusted friend because you cried like a *****Step 6: Play again...
,Recommended,208200,7173853,"Posted: 4 June, 2013",all,「東亜」ポプ子社長,"Back in the days, I bought Doom 3 thinking it would be as good as the first one and the second one but oh boy, was I wrong. Maybe the graphics are not that bad, but it is as though you are just running around the same place over and over. A.I. is horrible and even though some parts of the game are kind of scary, you can tell the game was kind of cheaply made. The gameplay is just tedious and I miss the long ranged shotgun from the original Doom 1 and 2, that was just so overpowered and yet, so satisfying to kill enemies with. The shotgun is almost useless unless you are close to the enemy, and the story...is almost non-existent. It is just one of those mindless shooting games, but really, even though Doom 1 and 2 belong to that category, they still are far superior to this. I'm glad BFG Edition at least includes both 1 and 2. For Doom 1 and 2, I give 9/10. For 3, 5/10."
,Not Recommended,208200,7723001,"Posted: 23 November, 2013",all,telopots,"doom 3 is one of the worst games ever madeif it's not on sale for an extremely low price,just get doom 1 and 2."
76561197999946911,Not Recommended,208200,17473012,"Posted: 10 August, 2015",all,aldayt,"Still doesn't work. Absolutely no help from Bethesda or Steam. Maybe we should start calling Steam, Origin?Steam should be ashamed - selling software that doesn't work!"
76561197969451188,Recommended,208200,355033,"Posted: 17 August, 2013",all,ᴿᴺᴳ Mjølnir,"8/10Straight forward shooter reminiscent of bygone days. Was graphically way ahead of its time. I would consider it a horror shooter as you fight your way through dark hallways with often times only your little flash light illuminating the action. Monsters constantly blindside you, adding to the suspense. Great fun, and came with Doom 1 and 2."
76561198051091400,Recommended,208200,11982311,"Posted: 4 September, 2014",all,☢TheDrunkshotgun☢,"This game is one of id softwares best. It is beatiful, horrific, and all fun. I very much recommend this game to anybody looking to play a new FPS. Plus all the doom games are included except ""Final Doom"". But it is a very good game."
,Not Recommended,208200,14890774,"Posted: 14 March, 2015",all,John Gischala,what a garbage game. i yearn for the days of doom and doom 2. even doom 64 is better than this trash
,Recommended,208200,3330561,"Posted: 15 August, 2013",all,catfjsh?,I only got it to play with the Oculus. Worth it.
,Not Recommended,208200,9094610,"Posted: 13 February, 2014",all,Envy,"I literally found a monster closet inside a monster closet. What is even going on with this game? Every time you get hit your camera jerks around so hard it made me sick, so I made an autoexec to tone it down, and now I can't get achievements. You can literally watch enemies spawn right in front of you. (The ones Id forgot to add a teleport effect to, teleporting enemies in front of and behind the player constantly is a whole 'nother issue.) The weapons feel completely ineffective, they don't sound good, they don't do damage. The game isn't scary, especially since it makes sure to heal you to max health and armor after every fight, but the game -thinks- it's scary. I saw people suggesting it was better to get the original and mod it like crazy, and I'm inclined to agree."
,Recommended,208200,15081985,"Posted: 27 March, 2015",all,darkest ϟ,"If you loved classic Doom then this BFG edition is right for you. I always played the online Doom 1, which was limiting since I can only play the first episode. I was so happy they put all 1,2,3 in this. Old to new, it's the♥♥♥♥♥♥"
,Not Recommended,208200,12187501,"Posted: 22 September, 2014",all,XY,Bad game.. Storyline sucks. Don't throw your money on this game!
,Not Recommended,208200,8639916,"Posted: 9 January, 2014",all,宇都宮しをん,blum pernah bisa ngejalanin game ini di windows7 64bitmungkin emang ga kompatibleuda dibikin xp compatibility mode tetep aja ga jalan...hati2 yg pake win7
,Recommended,208200,17314347,"Posted: 31 July, 2015",all,Jackal Shadownight <3 fuuko,I bought this game while it was on sale and its Fantastic they updated the graphics a bit and  fixed bugs also didint change story or anything plus  you got the orginal game Doom 1 and Doom 2  which is a good deal if u love Doom series my only issue is that u can find Ammo everyware for a 2004 game they did a amazing job  but if i was to give it a score it would be a 9/10
76561197995391894,Recommended,208200,1614162,"Posted: 12 November, 2012",all,Mikeus Da Wolf,DOOM 3 BFG edition brings back all the old skool fun of DOOM 1 DOOM 2 and re mastered DOOM 3 with its expansion resurrection of evil including a new lost mission taking place during DOOM 3's main plotZombies daemons n guns u cant go wrong :)
,Not Recommended,208200,2722090,"Posted: 14 July, 2013",all,Godamn_Milkman,DO NOT BUY THIS VERSION OF DOOM. IT IS UN-MODABLE.
76561198042202779,Recommended,208200,4824266,"Posted: 17 July, 2013",all,Fleet Admiral Aken H. Bosch,"We're starting on the basic reason why anyone wants this game. THE NEW CONTENT!!!!!....Well to put it bluntly, they didn't add much nor have they really improved the graphics. Should you not own the first two dooms or doom 3 and her expansion. Then this would be a great buy for 5 dollars or ten, just don't expect doom 4 from that new content."
,Recommended,208200,7426160,"Posted: 19 October, 2013",all,Nuuskiss,"Original Doom3 was realsed around 10 years ago but now all fans of action-horror genre can get their hands on this ""BFG edition"" which has wide-screen capabilty and in addition includes sequels and prequels meaning Doom 1 and Doom 2. So, tens of hours of playtime included!Some ppl might not fancy the flashlight, which is now attached on every weapon whereas I think it made the action much more smoothy although decreasing the game's fearfactor in the same time.I might as well say that the action, immersion and surroundings are quite much the same like in ""Dead Space""-games that is totally not a bad thing. Doom3 BFG Edition is a solidest horror-scifi fps money can buy!"
,Not Recommended,208200,8357518,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,mldt-f1,"DO NOT BUY, THERE IS A BUG IN THIS GAME YOU CANT PLAY IN FULLSCREEN, AND THE GRAPHICS ARE NOT THE SAME OF THE TRUE GAME..."
76561198126975019,Not Recommended,208200,10077747,"Posted: 10 May, 2014",all,wolfinston85,"The freaking game doesn not support modifications, or mods...How can you make a remake that enhances minimal aspects of a highly estigmatized game like Doom 3 is and make it even worse than it's original release, you can clearly see this was a sloppy attempt to cash in on the franchise adding both Doom and Doom 2 for free and the absurd premise of ""better enhanced modern graphics"" it's awful in any way concibable, however one of my biggest complains comes from the waste that this is, it is clear that they were also trying to get people to remember doom and those who are utterly unfamiliar with the franchise can actually fill they're curiosity by playing the three games of the franchise only to then announce the sequel for the next doom coming up as a beta in Wolfenstein: The new order.If you want to play doom 3 buy the original, it's cheaper it can be moddable in order to get even better graphics that this version and overall it is the true vision of the designer, do not keep supporting the same companies trying to adopt this methods from other companies that in the end only affect the gamer in a negative way. It isn't worth it."
76561198038342551,Recommended,208200,10433601,"Posted: 11 June, 2014",all,"Frig Off, Lahey!",yep
76561197973071800,Recommended,208200,10680990,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,Sir Danksalot,"Underrated as hell.  Don't expect the original game with better graphics, OR a modern horror FPS.  This is survival horror, with guns.  The gun battles were knda sucky but the game will make you♥♥♥♥♥♥yourself."
76561198080069370,Recommended,208200,10775978,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,zpasswaters,this game is pretty awesome. love the gore. old school but feels new school in a way.
76561198081448009,Recommended,208200,14426900,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,DISNEY CHANNEL FLOW,Best FPS of all time. It's also really unnerving.10/10 would crap pants again
,Recommended,208200,2504817,"Posted: 11 May, 2013",all,Toxic Paramite,"Making progress, Marine? Your journey is futile. You will die, and your soul will be mine! Making progress, Marine? Your journey is futile. You will die, and your soul will be mine! Making progress, Marine? Your journey is futile. You will die, and your soul will be mine! Making progress, Marine? Your journey is futile. You will die, and your soul will be mine! Making progress, Marine? Your journey is futile. You will die, and your soul will be mine! Making progress, Marine? Your journey is futile. You will die, and your soul will be mine! Making progress, Marine? Your journey is futile. You will die, and your soul will be mine! Making progress, Marine? Your journey is futile. You will die, and your soul will be mine! Making progress, Marine? Your journey is futile. You will die, and your soul will be mine! Making progress, Marine? Your journey is futile. You will die, and your soul will be mine! Making progress, Marine? Your journey is futile. You will die, and your soul will be mine! Making progress, Marine? Your journey is futile. You will die, and your soul will be mine! Making progress, Marine? Your journey is futile. You will die, and your soul will be mine! Making progress, Marine? Your journey is futile. You will die, and your soul will be mine! Making progress, Marine? Your journey is futile. You will die, and your soul will be mine! Making progress, Marine? Your journey is futile. You will die, and your soul will be mine! Making progress, Marine? Your journey is futile. You will die, and your soul will be mine! Making progress, Marine? Your journey is futile. You will die, and your soul will be mine! Making progress, Marine? Your journey is futile. You will die, and your soul will be mine! Making progress, Marine? Your journey is futile. You will die, and your soul will be mine! Making progress, Marine? Your journey is futile. You will die, and your soul will be mine! Making progress, Marine? Your journey is futile. You will die, and your soul will be mine! Making progress, Marine? Your journey is futile. You will die, and your soul will be mine! Making progress, Marine? Your journey is futile. You will die, and your soul will be mine!"
76561197960423082,Recommended,208200,10472417,"Posted: 14 June, 2014",all,Adriatik,Its amazing how great the graphics seemed back in the day. And to this date they still look pretty good. If you haven't played it yet you should def look into it. Plus you get doom and doom 2 classic.
,Recommended,208200,11622349,"Posted: 9 August, 2014",all,Level The Shodo,"EDIT: There is no mod support for this version of Doom 3. If you're into modding, I'd recommend getting the normal Doom 3 on Steam. If not, then snag this version up!PROS:- New chapter, The Lost Mission, is difficult and a welcome challenge for those looking for a little more in Doom 3. (Despite some assets being reused)- Some new graphical changes.- Plays almost like the old Doom 3- Shoulder mounted flashlight!- The Hell Level in the Lost Mission. Quite possibly the most well-done Hell in all three parts of Doom 3. The design honestly reminds me of Doom 2's Hell levels.CONS:- Shoulder mounted flashlight is mounted at a seriously weird angle. Always felt like I was leaning the wrong way.- NO ZOOM (Seriously, where's the zoom keybinding?!)- Censorship of Doom 2 (Come ooon, that's what MADE the Wolfenstein levels Wolfenstein.)- Skylines in the skybox for the Hell levels in the Lost Mission. Seriously. I have a screenshot of that laziness.- No co-op. Yes. This game needs co-op. It deserves it at the very least.Summary: Great game, and the extra Doom 3 campaign is fun, if not short. If this is your first foray into Doom 3, snag this up. If not, get it for The Lost Mission's Hell levels. It's about as close to Doom 2 as it's ever gotten on that level and the one following it."
,Recommended,208200,8209056,"Posted: 22 December, 2013",all,freekode,"whoo, thanks to my cat, he brings to me a toilet paper, when I playing Doom 3."
76561198042463501,Not Recommended,208200,8467570,"Posted: 31 December, 2013",all,Krunn Arkenston,"Estoy muy decepcionado con esta versión, en comparación con Doom 3, la edición BFG tien las graficas muy degradadas, las texturas e iluminación y sombras están reducidas al mínimo.    Me siento engañado.Im very dissapointed with this version, compared to the original Doom3 this version has a drastical decrease of texture, light and shadows quiality.   I feel cheated."
,Recommended,208200,16343792,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,Buzz,Buy it.Play it.Shut up.
,Recommended,208200,17657281,"Posted: 22 August, 2015",all,Osmoses,"I have BFG and the original, I HIGHLY recommend to get the original instead although both are decent. The only reason you should consider BFG is for the 3D and occulus support if thats your thing. Read this before you decide on purchasing BFG edition.TL;DR In BFG you should expectPros-possibly more populous multiplayer? -3D support -Native Controller supportCons-Worse graphics -reduced difficulty -worse shadows/largely increased brightness -removal of most horror aspects -less mods/compatibility with current mods--------Long form reasons for Original over BFG--------- Gameplay mechanic changes. One of the controversial changes in BFG was the addition of the built in flashlight and removal of the flashlight weapon/item. It sounds silly to fuss over but you really need to experience the original masterpiece the way it was made to be played before bashing people for complaining about it. The game had many key scenes that were structured around that game mechanic. They pull off genuinely spooky scenes where the lights would go out and they time appearances or jump scares perfectly with how long it takes to pull out your flashlight. The flashlight mechanic was like a double edged sword, while equiped you were ready to proceed with full knowledge of your surroundings but limited on what you can do about them while gun equiped in a dark hall you might pass by a hidden foe ready to give you a surprise attack from behind!-BFG is awefully bright in comparision to the Original, like horribly bright. Maybe it had something to do with making it for occulus rift? Perhaps 3D doesn't look good with pitch black corners so they filled all dark spaces with a light gray? Whatever the reason you probably wont even end up using the new flashlight mechanic on BFG with how visible everything is. This added to the flashlight mechanic you should expect BFG to be more of a run n gun shoot em up style game whereas Original Doom 3 will be leaning much more towards the sci fi horror. The amazing shading and shadows in original doom 3 are vastly reduced with the brightness in BFG thinning the line between ""that looks amazing"" and ""those textures look 11 years old.."" which brings me to my next point..- There have been many custom mods created for original Doom 3 that are not compatible with BFG and make the game look better than even the latest and greatest titles out there. There are some good pre-compiled mod packs with multiple mods mixed in you can find with simple instructions with a quick google search. I recommend Sikkmod 1.2, Monoxead high-res texture pack, and Trent Reznor's sound pack. I have a 6 core CPU and AMD 6970 and some of the settings with shadows and shaders Sikkmod offers can really make a modern PC struggle, play around with it and find what works for your rig."
,Not Recommended,208200,10085908,"Posted: 11 May, 2014",all,BatMan,DO NOT BUT THIS THE OPEN GL IS MESSED UP WASTED MY MONEY ON THIS DAMN THING and theres no patchs to fix it or anything so if u have windows 7 and a raidon card dont do it i say BOYCOTT this B.S
,Recommended,208200,13850264,"Posted: 5 January, 2015",all,the transgender contender,"I will always have a soft spot for DooM. A soft, squishy spot... a fleshy, pliable, so easily rippable spot... a spot th-that...R I P   A N D    T E A R"
76561198089296043,Recommended,208200,10178553,"Posted: 20 May, 2014",all,Windex,Good game... That is all
,Recommended,208200,8160506,"Posted: 20 December, 2013",all,stalepie,"Definitely worth a buy. Originally did not like this game, but grew to love it due to the environments. I think I like BFG Edition even more. I've read all the complaints. Some of them are valid (or were valid before fixes were implemented) but a lot of them weren't... such as brightness levels (looks better now), ammo count (it's true that the whole PDA thing is optional now most of the time because you're never short on ammo, but it means the game is more action-packed and faster-paced), reworked menus (they look and control better now, in my opinion -- also like the new Doom 3 logo much better). Etc..It also controls better. Seems much more responsive and faster due to the increased framerate and probably other improvements they made. Motion blurring is a nice addition, too.Classic Dooms are ported well and appear high resolution (can see sprites clearly at a distance). Also controls well with everything set up for modern WASD controls. The ""No Rest for the Living"" episode by Nerve is quite good (already available on Xbox 360). Overall this port is a lot better than some of the detractors said it was. Even the music in Doom Classic seems pretty good-- I notice it has Gravis sound files in the Steam folders."
,Not Recommended,208200,15324266,"Posted: 12 April, 2015",all,Abyss' end,"5 Years ago i would have thumbs up this, but with today's standards and even with the resulution upscaling this stll looks sub standard.Its stll a great game gameplay wise though"
,Recommended,208200,16316104,"Posted: 11 June, 2015",all,rlvfreeze,"try it you""ll love it!!"
,Recommended,208200,10097705,"Posted: 12 May, 2014",all,Kopasetik,"Two classics, bundled with another classic. Positively classic."
,Recommended,208200,1362474,"Posted: 1 January, 2013",all,Ben [PortsCenter.TV],"If you don't already own Doom, Doom II and Doom 3, snag it. If you *do* own Doom 3, the only benefits you get are slightly higher-quality textures, and native support for widescreen monitors and gamepads.If none of these things interest you, or you already own the previous versions of these games, you're probably better off skipping this."
76561197986732622,Recommended,208200,8353220,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,SlyCosby,"I olay this game on Big Picture and I thoroughly enjoy it.  I love playing Doom I and Doom II on a controller while I sit on my coach.  Doom still holds up as a playable experience after 20 years.  The changes to Doom 3 are welcome. Among the changes are graphical upgrades (motion blur, post processing effects) and gameplay changes ( the Doomguy now has a chest-mounted flashlight/torch).  While the original Doom 3 campaign is predictable and slow, the new episode has a much faster pace with and emphasis on action rather than atmosphere.  It's a fun experience that is hindered only by the fact that it is very short -- I finished it in less than 5 hours."
76561197972310394,Recommended,208200,10740570,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,( . Y . )~N~@$$ {i sHoOT sMacK},What can i say...nostalgia city...easy to uncensor also just check the community guides
76561198073718961,Recommended,208200,15000104,"Posted: 21 March, 2015",all,Spartan-230,"The game feels as the original Doom 3, nothing new in the game but only the improved graphics, widescreen option, 3D vision, you don't have to swicth between weapon and flashlight all the the time, the flashlight is integrated on your armor, and able to play with a Xbox 360 control.The only good thing is you have three games in one packege.Kind of bad you can't add mods as the original.Just good."
,Recommended,208200,18596398,"Posted: 21 October, 2015",all,arbor day,idkfa
,Recommended,208200,25809982,"Posted: 1 October, 2016",all,The Flash,one of the most fun types of games to play i've played them all so far and the third one is the best of the three included in this deal
,Recommended,208200,10089392,"Posted: 11 May, 2014",all,[TAW] Derisat Hartfelt,"I'm playing through Alpha Lab 2, and the sun went down outside, my headphones are on. Roommate comes up behind me and calls my name while tapping my shoulders. I jumped and sharted with my kneese banging the bottom of my desk.One of the few games to give me tunnelvision from apprehension!9/10 ShartsWorth buying and playing, bring a diaper*note ATI cards need to download a fix or reinstall 13.1 catalyst drivers, check forums for info*"
,Recommended,208200,19326257,"Posted: 27 November, 2015",all,Joshuaiscool125,Reminds me of childhood :)
,Recommended,208200,11282382,"Posted: 16 July, 2014",all,Raccoon Friend,"The straight away answer I would to give to anyone who asked me if I enjoyed the game would be yes. But do I recommend it to others? The game comes with DOOM and DOOM II, two of my favorite games of all time. I would HIGHLY recommend you purchase both of those titles, even if you decide not to buy DOOM 3: BFG Edition. The DOOM 3 part of DOOM 3: BFG Editon is DOOM 3, but with minor gameplay and graphical updates implemented. It additionally includes the two expansion packs for DOOM 3, Resurection of Evil (RoE) and The Lost Levels, and the expansion pack for DOOM II, No Rest For the Living. To allow the game to sell in Germany, the Wolfenstien 3D levels in DOOM II were additionally censored to remove the Nazi enemies and pictures of Hitler and Swastikas.DOOM 3 is a very fun game in my opinion. The games difficulty ramps up at a bit of a slow pace, but the game picks up near the end. It took me around 30 hours to complete the entire game of DOOM 3 (Not including any of the expansions or DOOM and DOOM II). The game offers a ton of enemies and weapons, and many people will try to compare it to the original DOOMs, saying that it is ""bad in comparison"". DOOM 3 is very similar to DOOM and DOOM II, but has a large change in pacing. Enemies are stronger and come in smaller quantities, you run and walk slower, with a stamina meter implimented to prevent you from always running, and enemies attacks are slower to compensate. Areas are smaller in size, with less dodging room, and the game encourages exploration at a slower pace to spot details in the environement. Whether or not this change was good or bad is up to you, but I feel it didn't kill the experience.At several points in the game I got lost (the game has no map system) or stuck doing a time-wasting ""mini-game"" (such as using a crane to remove toxic barrels), which dissapointed me somewhat. Additonally, the final boss fight was way too easy, and some of the enemies had bad visual changes, such as the Cacodemon, or were weakened, such as the Arch-Ville, who no longer charges up a fire attack when you are near him and summons new monster rather than reviving dead ones. If I was able to change DOOM 3, I would in a lot of ways, but the experience to me was still enjoyable.I would recommend this game to someone who likes first person shooters, games that encourage exploration, scary games, and both casual and hardcore gamers."
76561198017439069,Recommended,208200,12195862,"Posted: 22 September, 2014",all,BaRdOckDBZ,its pretty much the 2004 Xbox  limited collectors edition with PC phyics and bumpmapping
,Recommended,208200,12482486,"Posted: 13 October, 2014",all,Nyaaarrrgh,It's still awesome after all these years. Looks even better now with it's updated graphics and it includes the expansion and original games. Definitely a must buy.
,Recommended,208200,12677538,"Posted: 28 October, 2014",all,bobrocks007,"Having never played the old school Doom games until I purchased this, I liked the classic titles -- for the most part.  The end levels for the different parts can be highly frustrating, to the point where I gave up on them.  Doom 3 had some fairly decent graphics and the guns were satisfying to use.  Some of the enemies are a bit of a pain (heat-seeking missiles, for starters).  Overall, I definitely felt like I got my money's worth."
,Recommended,208200,31597185,Posted: 6 May,all,B-Side Jon,"I regret refunding it, what the hell was wrong with me!"
76561198054054389,Recommended,208200,23455338,"Posted: 8 June, 2016",all,darklordsatantrue666,"Just finished DOOM 2 on Ultra-Violence. Perfect level design, powerful weapons, incredibly balanced difficulty. A non-dying classic game - first Carmack's and Romero's Ferrari cars were very well earned back in 90s."
76561198019764233,Recommended,208200,33269614,Posted: 5 July,all,Montoo,"Game brings back some really freaky memories. I remember how much this game scared the crap out of me. It still does, but the rush is worth it! What is nice about this is how you can play the classics as well from when you were a kid, or early adult starting video games. Feeling a great amount of nostalgia in this pack, and recommend everyone to purchace and relive your childhood/adulthood."
76561197961930096,Recommended,208200,34151504,Posted: 10 August,all,Spider Fonz,This♥♥♥♥♥♥is scarey as ♥♥♥♥. Right from the begining of the game the you feel a sense of unease through the ambience and the story and how it is narrated to you. Then hell gets unleashed...
76561198069467565,Recommended,208200,9323797,"Posted: 2 March, 2014",all,ＪａｍｅｓＤｉＭａｆｉａ,Hardly Recommended!!! For Shure ;) Best FPS/SHOOTER HORROR GAME EVER!!!!
,Recommended,208200,17274115,"Posted: 28 July, 2015",all,EC Fox,Jump scares make me yell then my mom comes in walking loud yelling at me to enhance the experience. 10/10Game is great for the value and difficulty will challenge you.
76561198072049378,Recommended,208200,10381359,"Posted: 7 June, 2014",all,2319aquilaa,"this is a game that has 2 classics and a survival horror masterpiece, i give this game a 9/10"
,Recommended,208200,22402296,"Posted: 13 April, 2016",all,MACHINEFEIGN,"Steam needs a choice in between ""Recommend"" and "" Don't recommend.""I love DOOM 1 and 2. Personally, I like DOOM 2 better. Not sure why, but I do. But that isn't what this review is about DOOM 3. But I'll quickly go over DOOM 1 and 2. Both games are pretty similar. If you like one you'll like the other. They run very well, and have great replay value.DOOM 3, though.In terms of gameplay, I think that DOOM 3 is pretty fun. Very challenging, but not bad. The story is the same as DOOM 1's. I haven't played DOOM 3 before BFG Edition, so the only difference I know of is the flashlight being attached to weapons. I personally don't mind that. DOOM 3 has 2 problems that really makes me want to not recommend BFG Edition. The performance. First off, I can run this game. Maybe all of this is because I'm running it on a Windows 10 laptop. I'm not sure. But the game will run smoothly for a few minutes at a time, then the framerate will drop and the resolution will, too. So in other words, it gets blurry and lags. It normally happens briefly, but at the worst times, like when a big enemy appears or a door opens and a demon is standing there. This gets on my nerves a lot. Also, DOOM 3's weapons feel a little weak sometimes. Not the chaingun, or the plasman rifle, but mainly the pistol and shotgun. The pistol does absolutely nothing, unlike in DOOM 1 and 2. The shotgun feels underpowered against some enemies, which gets annoying.I normally don't end my reviews with number scores, but I feel like that's the best way to do the verdict for this one. DOOM 3 BFG Edtion gets a 7.5 from me. DOOM 1 and 2 are worth your time, but you can get those for a lower price on Steam by themselves. DOOM 3 has some issues that I wish could be fixed. If you're hyped for DOOM 4, and want to play all of the DOOM games before that one, just buy BFG edition for XBOX 360 or PS3 if you really want the entire franchise in one bundle."
,Recommended,208200,23301994,"Posted: 30 May, 2016",all,LukeKillwalker,"Hi thanks for taking your times out of your day for reading this reviewWell your buying bfg edition good for you well this game has 3 campaign doom 1,2,3 with nost of all expansions with the game. Well Doom 3 bfg it is hard and fun you find yourself conserving ammo every shot you waste you feel like it meant something because that might be one more demon to kill. Doom 3 is an action packed game with demons lurking around every corner you check and pinky demons all over. There are many changes to doom 3 like in the orginal the flashlight was in your inventory now its stuck on your wrist or something. Doom 3 bfg is an instant buy, Doom 1 now doom 1 is amazing but felt kind of easy (then again i put it on hurt me a little bit the second difficulty because i am a plebian) but Doom 1 was amazing with levels that make you want to replay it. Doom 2 well there is alot to say about but well this review is getting lengthy lets say there is sprinting AND MORE BFG the best item alot of levels are fun and intresting well thanks for reading this review.Oh, and one more thing buy the on sale the lowest it went was 2.30 well thanksYour reviewr-LukeKillwalker"
76561198115391831,Recommended,208200,9494857,"Posted: 15 March, 2014",all,need strange,this game is awesome
76561197999903614,Not Recommended,208200,10095993,"Posted: 12 May, 2014",all,chaos_co,"If your using an AMD card, do not buy this game. It is very unstable and crashes contantly. Very disapointing."
,Not Recommended,208200,13854933,"Posted: 5 January, 2015",all,Robot Joe,"worst version of doom 3, awful ports of doom 1-2gross gross, go buy the vanilla games"
76561197966793531,Recommended,208200,30890341,Posted: 1 April,all,THE HATED HUMANIST,"Probably the second scariest gaming experience I ever had. Playing this game in Ultra settings with Geforce 5950 Ultra in 1600x1200 in August 2004. There is ZERO sense of saftey in this game and I hate it, but that's what makes it great."
76561198063801861,Recommended,208200,11718857,"Posted: 15 August, 2014",all,Professor Ripper Phd,"Remember the FPS games of old? Think back to the years of the early '90s (there were other ones in the '70s that were First-person and sort of involved shooting things but thse were arcade-only and didn't really revolve around the First-Person view) people were just checking out this kickass game called Wolfenstein 3D, a game largely credited as the Grandfather to all FPS video games. Wolfenstein 3D was focused mainly on the shooting of nazis (nobody would hate on that) and had revolutionary 3D graphics, kickass themes, etc. After the huge success, id Software created another FPS a year or two after Wolfenstein 3D. That game was DOOM, the FPS, where you are a nameless space marine on Mars battling demons from hell, as well as possessed corpses/marines, and cyborg-demons. It featured a radical soundtrack, impressive graphics (which still hold out to this day) and tight gameplay and action. It was non-stop, balls-to-the-walls action that made the players feel like a badass. After that, id software released DOOM II which still featured the main mechanics that made the original a success. It featured an improved visual, new items and weapons, and a larger soundtrack, yet was not as outstanding or culturally effective as it's predecessor. Then after many years, on August of 2004, DOOM 3 came out. It was more focused on horror and careful strategies then the run-and-gun idea of it's predecessors. It was praised for it's tension-rising atmosphere and horror, yet got negativity and criticism for it's lacking of the run-and-gun mechanic (which many loved about in DOOM 1 & 2). The entire trilogy is well-loved and enjoyed constantly. Hell, people would play this all the time AT WORK. This is the collection of not only DOOM 3 (a remastered version with some things being improved or taken out and improved graphics), and the collection also features the first and second DOOM games! If you want sci-fi horror with action sequences and gun-usage, go to DOOM 3. If you want to run-and-gun and venture through the bowels of hell and return with your life and soul intact while being titled as ""the dude that killed all the ♥♥♥♥ing demons on mars and beat the♥♥♥♥♥♥out of some huge demons with cybernetic attachments"", then go to DOOM I or DOOM II for that matter. This collection improved on what we loved about the franchise, and allows us to re-immerse ourselves into it all over again."
,Recommended,208200,21096147,"Posted: 9 February, 2016",all,eXcruciate,"It adds everything to the game that was needed so that it is much more enjoyable now. Plus it comes with the most ground breaking fps's of all time, Doom and Doom 2, but in imo should've also came with Final Doom because it has by far the best made and most challenging levels of all Doom games. The only two things I can think of about this game that suck are when you get hit and the shotgun. When you take dmg your view jerks wildly making your view all cockeyed and off and you have to re-adjust. It's bad when you are getting shot but really bad when you get hit in melee. Also the shotgun is the most useless weapon ever put in a video game: you can be two feet away from a basic zombie and your shot won't kill it because the weapon spread is so incredibly wild. I can stand nearly against a wall and fire and the bullet marks cover about a 4ft radius. There have even been user made mods to correct it because it's so bad. Use them because otherwise the shotgun is useless. But the rest of the weapons in the game are solid and satisfying when you fire them.Some people dislike this because it is nothing like the original Doom's. I would give it about a 7.5/10 compared to the original Doom games being a 10/10. Hopefully the new Doom game will recapture the magic that this game left out. Still though, the guns and monsters are faithful to Doom and that is what makes this game a fun playthrough.This game is still a good classic. Pick it up for a lot of fun and a lot of scare moments that will have you sh-tting your pants."
,Not Recommended,208200,15661928,"Posted: 2 May, 2015",all,MiG-21bis Fishbed-L,"There's really no way to over state this, but doom kicks♥♥♥♥♥ It's the quintessential FPS. If you haven't played it, I don't believe you. At all. Seriously, how the hell have you not played Doom? ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t.So, you're on steam and you see Doom 3 BFG edition, and you think “oh hey, this could be cool. It's Doom 3 remastered with the Resurrection of Evil, Doom 1, Doom 2, and new levels for Doom 3. For 20 bucks? That sounds like a deal.Well, it's not all good. It's better than a poke in the eye or an Assault Horizon in your steam inventory, but some of the things that were done to the BFG edition don't make any sense. Because, these days, remastering doesn't translate to updating the visuals but rather ♥♥♥♥ing everything up, there's a lot of bizarre choices made here.First, let's address Doom and Doom 2 here. They're complete and they work, but neither have any real options for visuals and it runs at 35 FPS constant. So, drop those bad boys into GZDoom and forget about it. You'll run it at 60, have loads of options,  and even superior sound quality.But, if you wanted those games, you'd just get those. You wanted Doom 3 in a higher fidelity. Well, it's Doom 3, so it's not terrible. But, they've really messed about with the game in some weird ways. This opening cutscene is a perfect example of what I mean. Just look at those new facial textures. This really sums up the BFG edition in a concise example. It's still Doom 3, but there are odd things going on. Design changes without rhyme or reasons like Why the ♥♥♥♥ did they change the rates of fire? Why did they ruin the chaingun? Why did they reduce the rates of fire for both the Machine gun and plasma gun? Why? Seriously, the Chaingun is terrible now? The intentional design changes make little sense, if at all. I will give them this though. They attached the flashlight to your armor. That does make a lot more sense than having to literally tote around a flashlight. It never really bothered me, but I seem to be in the minority on that one.So, let's just begin with the actual remastering work done here. I use the term work loosely. They've really done almost nothing at all in that regard. They've changed a few textures here and there to try and make characters look better, but it really just comes off as putting lipstick on a pitbull. They haven't increased polygon counts, they've barely touched up textures, and they've ♥♥♥♥ed up the FOV. Cutscenes aren't framed as well as the used to be.So, most prominently, a lot of weapon physics have changed. As I mentioned before, the Chaingun is all but worthless now. It has value against killing cacodemons and that's about it. The Machinegun and plasma rifle also have seen changes. Again, why? I know why. This was some attempt to “balance” things for multiplayer. Because, Doom 3 was really well known for being great in multiplayer, right? From the get go, it was a game focused on a good singleplayer experience, with multiplayer coming secondary. It's very much an old game in that regard. You know, when developers actually put effort into their products? But, you'd think that'd actually make it harder, right? Nah. They've made the game ridiculously easy, now. Check this out: I usually play on Veteran. Let's go through the first level. When you get the shotgun, 8 rounds loaded, 4 in reserve. Now, in BFG edition? 8 by 8. That doesn't seem like much, but it adds up really fast. So, by the time you encounter the first Imp in the regular edition? 8 loaded, 10 reserve. And in the BFG edition? 8 rounds chambered and friggin 41 in reserve. And, by the time you reach Marine HQ? Check your machinegun. Full load. 60 in the mag and 600 rounds reserve. Gone is the deliberate corridor crawl, desperately looking up cabinet codes to get a few more precious rounds. Now, you can just skip over that all together. Sure, both original Doom 3 and Resurrection of Evil are here and intact, but they're made bland by the new less conservative gameplay. On top of that, there's a new campaign called the lost levels. It's a little shorter than Resurrection of Evil and starts out ok. There's even some new levels here, even if they feel less inspired than the other two campaigns. But, they just decided to be ♥♥♥♥ing obnoxious. I like challenge, but for christ's sake there's more Archviles in this single campaign than the original two combined. And the ending is seriously DeviantArt levels of fan-fiction. The story isn't complex: you're helping a scientist, teleporting to hell, fighting literally the Guardian of Hell boss reused from the original, and then escaping. So, you escaped from Mars during the actual ♥♥♥♥♥torm of 2145? But, it says at the beginning of Resurrection of Evil that there was only one survivor. Not going to explain that, game? Why not? Where were you on the evening of April 5th, 2015? Were you the one that took a♥♥♥♥♥♥on my lawn? Do that again and I'll ♥♥♥♥ing kill you.So, it's clear that BFG Edition was aimed at improving multiplayer and, frankly, that's like beating MovieBob in a footrace. This, ironically, ends up as its weakest point. Ok, so the competitive multiplayer is.. pretty much dead. But, from what I've toyed around with, it seems actually really cool. But, goddamnit, I don't want my microphone on at all times. On PC, we have other alternative Voice-over-IP programs like Teamspeak, just let us ♥♥♥♥ing turn off the ingame mic and use that. I guarantee you that the sound codec in game blows anyways. But, this is all there is to multiplayer. Given that one of the most popular mods for Doom 3 is OpenCoop, I think they might've failed to recognize something that people might want. Seriously, why the ♥♥♥♥ isn't there co-op? The Xbox version had coop, even. Why the ♥♥♥♥ doesn't the latest incarnation have it?So, Doom 3 BFG Edition, despite its flaws, is still Doom 3. Kind of. It's $20 and that's not an awful price? Oh, wait, yes it is. You can get Doom 3 and its expansion for $13. Just get that. You're really missing nothing in the lost levels other than a fan fiction level story and a fairly forgettable campaign.And for ♥♥♥♥'s sake, you've played the original Dooms. So, really, just skip on the BFG edition. It ♥♥♥♥♥ on lawns."
,Recommended,208200,28230632,"Posted: 6 December, 2016",all,James,"**Played with VR mod**It was a pleasant surprise how well this works in VR (Oculus Rift +  Touch). This game works well as a first-person shooter in VR; since you can't turn with the controller (you can only move forward, back, and strafe), you are obliged to physically turn your body, which removed a  huge motion-sickness inducing element and felt very natural (though I ache for the day these headsets become wireless).The environments are very cool in VR, though the character graphics definitely show their age. To be perfectly honest, I did not like Doom 3 when it first came out, but VR has given me a new appreciation for it. The one aspect I did appreciate in it's original form was the creepy atmosphere, and VR takes the creepiness to a whole new level."
76561198103365750,Recommended,208200,7892252,"Posted: 2 December, 2013",all,Shikaka™,I couldn't have asked for better!
76561198116391409,Recommended,208200,27862032,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Pakikakiker,You know who else didn't like things that were different? Adolf Hitler.
,Not Recommended,208200,7745394,"Posted: 25 November, 2013",all,Crazy Awesome KILLER!!!,"DooM 3: BFG Edition is very simply a repackaging of the DooM franchise. Now any DooM fan would ask, ""Why the hell do I need this when I already have every game in my possession?"" Well BFG Edition boasts achievements, a checkpoint system, and gasp(!) better rendered lighting! Also a shoulder mounted flashlight... a mod that has been out for the original DooM 3 since the game came out in 2004. Look at the date on this:http://doom3.filefront.com/file/The_Pistol_Flashlight_Mod;29008Well for some reason my old man decided to throw down some money for the BFG Edition when it first came out and... it didn't work on 2 different computers. It gave him nothing when he tried to boot it up, and it gave me the iD Tech blue screen of death. It had nothing to do with OpenGL mind you. So when we finally got this piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥working on a third computer, the only thing that was immediately noticeable was the fact that it was completely ♥♥♥♥ing unplayable due to the absolute♥♥♥♥♥♥FOV. After destroying my eyes I find that the ""upgraded textures"" was a complete lie. I have a feeling that the checkpoint system was made to make the game 'scarier', but that's thrown out the window with the ducktape flashlight. So the Lost Mission, was that any good? Heh... yeah, if you consider copy/pasting from the base game good. The original DooM games were... well Doom.... but they were censored! I understand the one about the red cross being replaced by a pill, the American Red Cross politely asked to remove the logo from the medpacks and iD did so. What baffles me however is the fact that the Wolfenstein levels were changed to remove anything Nazi related for the German release of the game, as per standard for the country. The changes however were kept for the International and US releases of the game... what? Did Bethesda, one of the richest videogame companies right now, think it would be too costly to release different versions of the game for different countries? What money grubbing ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s! Final word: Don't buy this. Seriously, just buy all the original games here off Steam, or track down physical copies that probably sell for cheaper."
,Recommended,208200,23706596,"Posted: 22 June, 2016",all,-SRI-GypsyDanger,original version was better and scary
,Recommended,208200,15546355,"Posted: 25 April, 2015",all,Abibe,"It has doom 1, 2, and 3 with duct tape mod i see nothing wrong.10/10"
76561198280605605,Recommended,208200,24958415,"Posted: 16 August, 2016",all,TheLegend27,very good game sometimes it scares you this game is well worth the money
,Not Recommended,208200,23714237,"Posted: 22 June, 2016",all,LitheBeep,Overabundance of ammo makes the game easy and completely removes the element of resource conservation. Mounted flashlight ruins the atmosphere. Graphics are not much improved. Almost no mod support.You are better off getting the original Doom 3 and installing a graphics mod.
,Recommended,208200,24659914,"Posted: 1 August, 2016",all,Loch Ness,Doom: Half-Life
,Recommended,208200,24838179,"Posted: 12 August, 2016",all,Sekrit Agent Jokie,"If you just discovered the franchise through Doom 4, this is the package to get to discover the rest."
,Recommended,208200,19669055,"Posted: 12 December, 2015",all,AlterRektMLG,"Absolutely amazing.Exhilarant atmosphere as you can expect.Great enemies.Retro Classic so you don't need another reason to buy it.Plus it has all the Doom games except, of course, the precoming 2016 one.And it is easy and hard at the same time.You can choose to be a cry baby or the real monster hunter.For Doom 3, you cannot expect a great multiplayer as there aren't many players anymore.But it is enough.So for a low price tag, you can easily bag it off without a second guess."
,Recommended,208200,23869717,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,ĆATA,What ever you do dont go to WC.....
,Recommended,208200,23873894,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,Xander Cage,one of the best game of Doom series. waiting to play the latest Doom game.
,Not Recommended,208200,16731660,"Posted: 26 June, 2015",all,Underwhelmed,"A game almost as tedious and not-fun as all the monster closet and ""it's too dark"" jokes it inspired."
,Not Recommended,208200,26138095,"Posted: 20 October, 2016",all,Red7349,"0/10Buying Doom 3: BFG Edition was a huge mistake. It, in a way, was my fault for not doing enough research. However, that does not change the fact that the game is overall inferior to the original games and is not even close to being worth what you pay for it.First of all, I'll start with Doom 3, since that is the main attraction here. You are promised a remastered edition of Doom 3. What you get is a terrible console port with limited options in every category. Because the graphics options are so limited, you can actually make the original Doom 3 look better without even modding it. Another problem for me is that there are no subtitles. A lot of people won't really by turned away by this, but I prefer to play games with subtitles for spoken dialogue. Now, for the game itself. The original Doom 3 was designed to be a survival-horror FPS. It was very dark, had the flashlight as a weapon, and had limited ammo. It was quite challenging, and was very different from the previous games. Doom 3 BFG completely changes this. The game is much brighter, the flashlight is no longer used as a weapon, and the amounts of ammo are increased drastically. Not only that, but the game is littered with bugs (for example, an elevator bug which causes you to start the entire game over). The only pro here is that it includes the Lost Mission, and that even that isn't worth it, considering that it is much shorter than the base game and resuses many areas from the base game.Now, let's look at the classics. Both ""Final Doom"" and ""Master Levels for Doom 2"" are absent in this collection, however there is a Doom 2 expansion ""No Rest For The Living,"" previously only available on consoles. The versions in this run in 4:3 resolution and are limited to 35 frames per second, which implies that it is trying to stay true to the originals. However, these versions are butchered and censored in many ways. The nazi symbolizm in the secret levels of Doom 2 were completely removed, the crosses on the health packs are removed, and the music sounds horrible.And another thing that has been noticed by many people. The Steam default screenshot button (F12) is actually a console command in Doom 3 BFG Edition that disables the ability to gain achievements. Absolutely stupid.In conclusion, though this package may seem promising, all of its games are inferior to the originals. Get Doom Classic Complete and the Doom 3 pack. While it may be slightly more expensive, you get much more quality content."
76561198002561766,Not Recommended,208200,35286325,Posted: 29 September,all,Sherbert T Cat,"You can optimize a poor game, but its still a poor game. You have lights on all weapons, and the load times are a lot shorter now, but its just not a fun game. The bundled versions of Doom 1 and 2 are also inferior to the standalone versions you can get from Steam and GOG. Really, there is no reason to buy this, unless you REALLY loved Doom 3."
,Recommended,208200,33730792,Posted: 22 July,all,Diesel,"AMAZING DEAL!!! I have always loved Doom and as a kid this is what got me into PC gaming. Forget MS DOS, this bundle gives you DOOM 1, DOOM 2, and DOOM 3 remastered with all DLC!!! Doom speaks for itself! Get this deal while you can!"
,Recommended,208200,29007735,Posted: 4 January,all,⚜ DyNamo`,>Buying this is a good thing>Worth evrythingoo yea btw the cutsecenes in Doom 3 are♥♥♥♥♥
,Not Recommended,208200,34879032,Posted: 11 September,all,TankCatapult,"Look, I'm not gonna sugar coat it: Doom 3: BFG Edition is not a good game. Now that we have that out of the way, let's begin.---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------Released in October of 2012 and working as a sort of ""Doom Anthology"", Doom 3: BFG Edition was released at a peak moment of worry for fans of id Software's seminal shooter; The last game in the series came out in 2005, with Doom 3: Resurrection of Evil, and Doom 4 (later simply titled DOOM) was extant only in rumors and hearsay, not physical content. Those who have played the original, both on its native PC and the Xbox console will know that it was a remarkably frightening game, with a slower pace, pitch black lighting and enemies that literally jumped out at you, with RoE adding to that. Despite that, BFG Edition feels... Bland. Blase, almost BORING in how it's presented - a simple application of id Tech 5's superior lighting model to the old, almost decrepit halls of the id Tech 4 tech demo. Don't get me wrong, however, I appreciate what this game did for Doom 3, though I feel they went a little too far. But what do I mean by that?For starters, the opening hour or so of the vanilla Doom 3 campaign is FAR too easy compared to the original. I don't know the full reasoning behind this, but I'm sure it was to make Doom 3, which would strangle players who used ammo supplies too recklessly, a more welcoming game to start. At its core, this makes sense - the majority of people who would buy this game are going to do so on console, where they might not have lightning quick reaction times. Normally, I would't have a problem with this if NOT for the fact that Doom 3, albeit with minor alterations, was released on the Xbox with no changes to the difficulty. In addition, the campaign for RoE is neutered as well, for there is a section of that game where you must traverse a dank, wet sewer system wearing a gasmask using O2 bottles scavanged from your slain enemies. Later on, an entire segment of Hell was carved out of the game, a segment that WAS LEFT UNCHANGED in RoE Xbox, again for perceived difficulty, which I find mind boggling.But enough about that. In addition to Doom 3 and Doom 3: Resurrection of Evil, BFG Edition includes a new campaign of seven levels titled ""The lost Mission"", which... Is nothing to write home about. Aside from a new story and new characters, it's nothing special. On top of that, the Xbox Live Arcade versions of Doom and Doom II are included, but even THEY have problems, such as a wonky soundfont for the music and weird audio balancing for the weapon SFX. In closing, Doom 3: BFG Edition is a nice gift from Bethesda, made with the intention to keep Doom alive, but in the end it was pointless, at most forgettable, which wasn't helped by the fact that the Doom modding and multiplayer scene was still alive and well at the time of release.Doom 3: BFG Edition. An unecessary installment with the intent to revive a franchise that was never dead to begin with. While it's a good launching point for those new to Doom, I personally don't recommend it."
,Recommended,208200,12411349,"Posted: 8 October, 2014",all,yoroobs,Spent an hour punching turkeys. 11/10
,Recommended,208200,1286553,"Posted: 24 October, 2012",all,Kvaki,oh ya. hi res monitor support and better textures plus old dooms for free !
,Not Recommended,208200,28991812,Posted: 3 January,all,Original Name,"I don't usually write review but I cannot recommend this game.For some reason, Doom 3 has no problem running on high specs on my computer but this Bfg edition keep having 15 fps...with all three games.I cannot play the game like this and tried multiple solution like the default.cfg and the one where you download a dll.  None worked. If you want to play Doom 3...just buy the original one. It cost less and won't break or ♥♥♥♥ up like this one."
,Not Recommended,208200,22223622,"Posted: 3 April, 2016",all,VitaminnD,"The last month or so, this game has been unplayable... It crashes before it even opens. I've re-installed a couple of times, and it still doesn't work."
,Not Recommended,208200,17244191,"Posted: 26 July, 2015",all,Shadowlord90 (Nikolai),"I wanted to Play DOOM III after loving Doom I and II on different versions. So, I got the Doom III BFG edition figuring, it comes with ports of Doom I and II, and has the DLC already.What I got, was a non-functioning game. After reading, and trying various methods of getting it to boot right, and none of them working, I can only conclude that this port of Doom III is broken. Buy one of the other versions, and save your money. Don't make the same mistake I made. Doom III BFG is broken, and ceases to function."
,Recommended,208200,24409297,"Posted: 19 July, 2016",all,Carrot <3 Sexy Time !,Doom 1 -thumbs up-Doom 2 -thumbs up- -thumbs up-Doom 3 -thumbs down- -thumbs down- -thumbs down-
,Not Recommended,208200,19644561,"Posted: 11 December, 2015",all,Spooky Lemon,"Censored to Hell, barely made it back. Wasn't the same ever since."
76561198037003788,Not Recommended,208200,19416569,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,ott,"The only reason why I bought this game is this part from description: ""Stunning 3D Visuals:  DOOM 3, Resurrection of Evil and the all-new ‘Lost Mission’ have all been optimized in stereoscopic 3D (on supported hardware), further immersing the player in the demonic world of this terrifying horror masterpiece.""- and appeared that it supports anything but the most popular 3D platform, nVidia Vision!Everything else seems to be fine, but still I'm very disapointed that 3D implementation does not cover the factual industry standard. At least you must mention in description that nVidia Vision is not supported, because if I look at requirements then there is no way to see that my equipment does not meet this!"
,Not Recommended,208200,11800900,"Posted: 20 August, 2014",all,Portal Jumper,"I could not skip the beginning cutscene of doom 3 which was really boring and than I walked around for a bit and could not figure out how to open the door. I than switched to the orignal doom, and I could not do anything other than picking up some body armor?GG1402104/10""It's okay.""-IGN"
76561198024834665,Not Recommended,208200,8053883,"Posted: 15 December, 2013",all,Sir_Anthrax,Buggy as ♥♥♥♥! Play the original Doom 3 and its DLC not the BFG version.
,Recommended,208200,19112228,"Posted: 16 November, 2015",all,Foxysen,"Doom 3: BFG Edition is a compilation of famous FPS titles. It came out in 2012 for PC, Xbox 360 and PS3. It comes with very slightly modified Ultimate Doom, Doom 2 with No Rest For The Living episode from XBLA version and much more heavily changed Doom 3, Resurrection of Evil expansion pack and Lost Mission episode that is exclusive to BFG Edition. It doesn't include Final Doom and Master Levels of Doom 2. You can get Master Levels on Steam only by purchasing Doom 2.These versions don't support mods.There are few problems that I experienced on my not-so-modern laptop.Logo movie freezes here and there. Not that I care.Then there was performance troubles for D3BFG on my laptop. There were parts where it would start to stumble and lag, hiccuping heavily.Not to say that original D3 was better. At least this one doesn't lag everytime the door is opened and shadows don't start to glitch around when entering next level.Critical: It's possible to get stuck on Delta Labs 1 in Doom 3 and Phobos Labs 2 in Resurrection of Evil. Buttons to get elevator and lift moving will not work sometimes. Make a manual save at the beggining of those levels!Multiplayer is like in D3 Resurrection of Evil, having only competetive modes like Deathmatch and Capture the Flag. And probably isn't much interestesting. And community is dead too. The only big gameplay-wise change from BFG edition is that you can have flashlight with other weapons, so turning off lights on Power Out map doesn't make much difference.Ultimate Doom is fairly accurate to original version. It's awesome old-school FPS games. You explore a maze, while running around at high speed and avoid projectiles, while conserving and scavenging ammo, shooting at tons of baddies out of weapons that you find, with each weapons being useful against various ranges and enemy types.What I liked is that while there are many source ports out there that change graphics and features of a game in various ways, developers of BFG edition only increased resolution and made it work on modern system. This way the game is more or less feels like original was intented to be.Instead of playing standart MIDI music, it uses instrument similar to Gravis sound card. They did something to sounds, as it feels that they play with randomized pitch.Now you heard probably heard scary word ""censored"". Before you grab your pitchfork, here is what censored in Doom 1: Red Cross on medkits was changed to pill. I have no idea what kind of person would rage over this one.Nightmare difficulty, which was so cheap that even developer of original warned you that it's unfair one, was made more sane. Skill gap between UV and Nightmare was way too huge. Original had respawning and agressive enemies with speeded up movement for enemies and projectiles. BFG doesn't have increased speeds. But I would have prefered if it didn't had respawning instead, so I still don't care, as it forces speedrunning playstyle.Doom 2 felt more like expansion pack to original game, with new monsters and one overpowerful weapon that is Super-Shotgun. It focused on uglier design, bigger crowds and on even more strangely puzzling mazes. More on latter though.Same thing about graphics and sounds. Super Shotgun reload sound is different. Same nightmare and medkits changes. But the secret levels, easter egg references to Wolf3D levels, were censored up. Nazi textures were removed, gameplay was changed a bit as Nazi soldiers were changed to weaker zombies. And they removed the awesome music. Which also impacts the ending of Doom 2. It still works as reference to Wolf3D with levels layouts, but it's not as fun.But unless Hitler portrait is definition of D2 for you, it shouldn't be a big thing.And it also comes with new 9 level episode, No Rest For The Living, by Nerve. It was exclusive to Xbox Live Arcade for some time, and now that it's included in BFG, it means that PC gamers get to play it too. No new enemies, weapons or textures, but it's really well-designed episode. It playes like something out of Doom 1, but with modern level design. Where you have very little puzzling maze exploration, just getting ambushed, conserving ammo and killing things.It was enjoyable to find secrets and even have a few big secrets for big weapons.Now, Doom 3. It's a game that tried to be more of survival horror, with monster closets who jump at you, linear base corridors, having to listen to audiolog to find codes for supplies. With darkness and shadows giving tension, as you either used flashlight or weapon. But not anymore.When D3 was released, most hardcore Doom fans who would call it ""all graphics, no soul"".""Too dark! Not enough ammo, have to read PDA for codes for supplies! Walk is too slow! Monster closets and 1-2 monster encounters!""At first id Software would show unhappyness over mods that allow user to use flashlight with any guns. After a while developers, under players pressure, started to agree that those were bad ideas. Like John Carmack saying that Doom 3 could be better if you actually could see things.And so after many years, developers of D3 finally got to do what they wanted: to fix most of those complaints. They even put ""flashlight anytime"" as feature.But 8 years passed since then and a new generation of gamers grew up. Mostly those who played D3 in childhood. And people are more accepting to old games.And so out of ""heretics who ruined Doom franchise"" developers became ""heretics who ruined Doom 3"".That's gaming community for you.But personally I prefer original Doom 3, since changes that gamers wanted don't fit game.- Flashlight is now mounted to armor instead of separate weapon. And levels were brightened up too. It removes darkness part of gameplay that made D3 more unique. First half of game feels shallow without it, since it's just 1-2 weak monsters encoutners.- Ammo count is increased extremely. And I thought that original had too much. Sure, players don't have to feel left out without reading PDA info for codes. But now Plasma Gun is your primary weapon.- They tried to make game less annoying. Slight changes to stats of weapons and enemies. Some remixing of monster placement. And they increased movement speed slightly. I didn't feel as if I was almost slipping when platforming, so it works!BUT I know a friend who is Doom fan and couldn't get into Doom 3. Only with Doom 3 BFG he finally beat it and said that it's fine game with those changes. Success story!It also includes Resurrection of Evil expansion pack. BFG benefits from it, since it's more action-oriented. RoE itself doesn't benefit from BFG, since it got many cuts! Maybe developers found those unfun, but they cut memoriable scenes.- No air limit or effect of wearing suit in toxic sewer tunnel.- Unique minigame machines swapped to Turkey from D3.- No phasing to hell version and out in Delta Labs. Was great effect, didn't interrupt gameplay.- Cut big fight in Hell!- I don't think they brightened levels themselves. Nice.- Boss fights are better. Third boss has no saferoom below room into which I always fell accidently. Final boss doesn't summon Lost Souls.It also includes Lost Mission, with 8 levels. And it has cool Hell levels. Apparently, those are cut levels, probably heavily edited for BFG edition. No wonders that they were cut, base setting was overstaying in Doom 3. No new monsters or weapons, but it playes nicely and fits to more actionish style of BFG.It's not the best pack. But it starts to make sense when you find out that it was primary for consoles, where it's the best version. And if they didn't port this version players on PC wouldn't officially get LM for D3 and NRFTL for D2.And seeing how DooM 4 turned out to be action instead of horror, this pack fits as appetizer to it, with D3 changes making sense this way."
76561198021757575,Recommended,208200,7945011,"Posted: 6 December, 2013",all,Incipit Satan,A MUST OWN TOO MANY GOD FARTHER FPS GAMES!!!!
,Recommended,208200,391730,"Posted: 16 October, 2012",all,Saint Satan,DOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOM
76561198146973790,Not Recommended,208200,12876997,"Posted: 10 November, 2014",all,upriser,"For some reason this game performs slowly as does the Doom 2 portion of the game. The original Doom fractals into a purple and blue nightmare. I know my system is powerful enough, as it runs Doom 3 disk just fine. Not sure what the problem is and none of the support suggestions seem to help. As such, I've only logged a little time on this package and was rather disappointed."
,Recommended,208200,28630770,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,Rose,Beat all 3 campaigns on nightmare. The game involved a lot spamming F5 and loading than playing but when things were going well it was fun.
,Not Recommended,208200,17205131,"Posted: 24 July, 2015",all,DeadnCryin,it didt work. the game didnt want to start due to resolution problems.i played the game in the past. it was amazing and scary. i got refunded. thanx steam.
,Not Recommended,208200,19680968,"Posted: 13 December, 2015",all,Vectrex71,"No Fullscreen available on my 4K PC , resolution not really configurable as i would expect :-( I can't recommend it :-( And i don't wan't to play in a little Window :-("
,Not Recommended,208200,9007558,"Posted: 7 February, 2014",all,Тапок в говне,"I love Doom 3, but BFG Edition is the worst thing, that happend with this game. Flashlight is built in, they pierced it through the shoulder of the protagonist. This greatly breaks gameplay. In some levels it was dark, and there was some small light source. So, now you can turn on the flashlight and f-ck the whole idea of these levels. Graphics wasn't improved. There is no normal shadows, which were promised 10 years ago. Lost Mission is b-llsh-t. Saving the game is broken too, now you must wait for 5 seconds each time, it's annoying. As a result, once again, Bethesda decided to earn money on unnecessary remake of good game, but this time, it's sh-t. I didn't give money on sh-t, be kind not to do it."
,Recommended,208200,19637645,"Posted: 11 December, 2015",all,Trtlman,"Orignally people complained about the first Doom 3, so they fixed it. Now people are complaining they fixed it. I guess there is no pleasing some people. I like the fixes but I mainly bought it for Doom and Doom 2 which no one seems to be mentioning. Even if you don't like the fixes you gotta like it for the classic Dooms."
,Recommended,208200,10086213,"Posted: 11 May, 2014",all,ouch oof,"Starting the game: Ooh this is nice. Later: Oh, hell is unleashed, Ooh i found a shotgun BOOM HEADSHOT 10/10 YOu cant stop me HELL!!!!!"
,Recommended,208200,25470826,"Posted: 11 September, 2016",all,RedMartianGaming,I got this game due to me playing the old ones as a kid and i brought back great memorys thank you and i will in the future play the new one
76561198092374170,Not Recommended,208200,8910065,"Posted: 30 January, 2014",all,Lord Protector,"WHAT EVER YOU DO DON'T BUY THIS GAME! I loved this title on the XBOX platform and when I saw steam carried it I was overjoyed. However, when I tried to run the game on my top of the line custom gaming rig with 8gb of RAM, DIRECT X 11, and an AMD Radeon 7700 series graphics card I'm lucky if I can get as far as the loading screen before it freezes up and I'm forced to use the task manager to close the game. So I do what any disgruntled customer would do I go to Bethesda's support staff, something I don;t recomend by the way, who insisted that it was my above-mentioned computer, not their product that was to blame. Yet I persisted then they cast blame, again on me not them, by saying my DIRECT X was incompatable, a quick look up five lines and you will see that is again not the case, and all this was said AFTER I was asked to provide both files on my DIRECT X (dxdiag or something) and a file on my full system specs (I provided both by the way).Anywhoo enough whining from me. Long story short they didn't help me, so it would be logical to assume they won't help anyone else who encounters this error. Whether it be lack of capability or compitence is of little concequence."
76561197961127153,Not Recommended,208200,14460293,"Posted: 14 February, 2015",all,[RedCoats] Hellfire,Never been able to get this game to run. Always graphical errors before I can even see the menu. I bought this specifically because the regular version of Doom 3 couldn't save or do widescreen resolutions. Terrible.
,Recommended,208200,15521617,"Posted: 24 April, 2015",all,TØXIN,"An old classic that still holds up today!I have been a fan of Doom since I was a little kid. I remember when Doom 3 was in development and I was lucky enough to play the Alpha release of Doom 3 from E3. Doom 3 is my go to FPS game when I want horror and action. The graphics are still great compared to today's standards. The lighting is greatly improved in the BFG version from the original Doom 3 game with brighter levels. Also the flashlight is permanently attached to your suit which allows you to carry a gun and have the flashlight on. This is a much welcomed improvement. The sound design is some of the best I have ever experienced in a game. There is no music, only the ambient noise from the UAC base which composes a fantastic and eerie musical score of its own as you explore from room to room. The only downside to the BFG version is that the mods for the original Doom 3 do not work with this version.The BFG version of Doom 3 includes Doom 3, it's fantastic expansion ""Resurrection of Evil"", a new expansion ""Lost Mission"", and the Doom classics (excluding Doom 3). Plus this version has a new episode for Doom 2 that offers 20 more challenging and never-before seen Doom 2 levels!If you want action and horror, Doom 3 is a game you must play! If you are new to Doom, then the BFG Edition is the bundle to get!"
,Recommended,208200,10087136,"Posted: 11 May, 2014",all,General CadBane ||{ρ.ω.ι.}||,\m/ ( o o ) \m/
,Not Recommended,208200,11219277,"Posted: 13 July, 2014",all,TimmyB,"Pros: Achievements native, steam game.Cons: No Coop support. Not moddable. NOTHING new. The flashlight feature was a mod on the original.Overall its nice to have in steam but due to the lack of features I cannot recommend at $20."
,Recommended,208200,17276120,"Posted: 28 July, 2015",all,helvete ,"Doom and Doom II: Hail to the king, baby!just milestones in gaming history and part of my childhood. With ""Doom 3 BFG edition"" you get all content by id software for Doom and Doom II.Doom 3: it's ok.Doom 3 BFG edition is a good updated version of the ""original"" Doom 3. Better grafics and better sound. But still the same gameplay that makes Doom 3 not feel like a ""real"" Doom. It's more like a ""Survival / Horror Shooter"". It might feel a little repedetive after a while and the enemy engagements are usualy pretty easy. Most of the times you only face one or two enemies. It's getting more chellanging in the last third of the game and on higher difficulties though - but it's still a fun game after all. The BFG edition also contains the expansion ""Resurrection of Evil"" and ""The lost missions"" which are awesome when you've enjoyed the main game.The only thing that realy bothered me about the ""BFG Edition"" is the f*cking flashlight! The updated flashlight takes away alot of the original games atmosphere, gameplay and makes it somehow easier. If you already own copies of Doom and Doom II you should probably go for the original version of Doom 3 and it's expansions."
76561198103986857,Not Recommended,208200,20964920,"Posted: 5 February, 2016",all,JonCo,"It's terrible:The game/gun play is dull.The game constantly, cheeply, spawns enemies beind you.The character is very dull/not sure there was even one.The grapics are bad (beyond terrible if you consider this is a 2012 BFG ""update"")And I couldn't even force myself to finish this game. With cheats. A lot of them.Get yourself a doom WAD and download Brutal Doom mod! Somehow a great modder has built a better game as a hobbie than the team of people made Doom3. Just wow. Go now and get it!www.moddb.com/mods/brutal-doom"
,Recommended,208200,8361217,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,larsinio,steam needs a meh betton
76561198105667859,Not Recommended,208200,10094480,"Posted: 12 May, 2014",all,NinjaG1rl,"This isn't fun, and the developers wonder WHY people pirate their games, i've purchased several games on steam and they just don't work or are so buggy as to make them unplayable and are there fixes sure community based ones which seem to treat the symptoms but not the overlying problem. Meaning if my drivers and OS work with 99% of games why does this one all of sudden need driver/OS voodoo to get it to work correctly ... where is steam and the developers in all this ... wait for it... crickets and can you get your money back or even delete an item from your game list in steam ... nope so the next time you see these clowns complaining cuz their software is beign pirated you know why."
,Recommended,208200,23760266,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,DirtyMeatSack,It has the best games ever made all in one package.Why are you reading this?  Go get this now!10/10 Blood Bath Simulator.
,Not Recommended,208200,10899394,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,sil parched,"Had many glitches in the game, flashlight animation was bugged. The laser on the pistol doesn't even help at all.... and I had a huge problem loading the game with constant crashes, I searched for hours on end for a fix and eventually it just worked by itself. I reccomend just the Original Doom 3 rather than this."
,Recommended,208200,325282,"Posted: 26 November, 2012",all,Trusk,ULTRA HOLY VIOLENCE!!!
,Not Recommended,208200,22658766,"Posted: 27 April, 2016",all,DJRockBunny,"Glorified console release, graphics are far worse than what you can achieve in vanilla Doom 3. Get the orginal Doom 3 and download the Absolute HD mod. If you like this release you are a casual gamer, this has no mod support and this honestly feels like it should have stayed on the Xbox. The game is good however this release is pure crap and a smash grab for money. The only redeeming quality this has is the No Rest for the Living episode for Doom II and its only worth it for the most die hard of doom fans.How to play Doom,Doom / Doom II = gzdoom + brutal doomDoom 3 = Vanilla Doom 3 + Absolute HD mod"
76561197990340007,Recommended,208200,22876088,"Posted: 9 May, 2016",all,Gonzopaw,Only the best in modern FPS gaming
76561198160895691,Recommended,208200,22849450,"Posted: 7 May, 2016",all,INSTANTKARMA,"DOOM 3, SCARY AS♥♥♥♥♥♥  10/10. ok d3 isnt that scary i mean ya thiers some jumpscares and all but ive played worse. the originals are the best and d3 is a close 2nd next to quake 2. i still want to play d4 or in other words DOOM."
76561197977267103,Recommended,208200,34519558,Posted: 26 August,all,Conspiracy Theory,"The `DOOM BFG Edition` is actually the EXACT SAME Thing as;- `Doom 3 Pack` (with Ressurection Evil DLC). They are sold seperately, and you can accidentally buy them seperately.Why does Steam not make it more clear not to do that?Other than the issue with Steam, this is a really great Single-player shooter game; stunning with Mods and in Stereoscopic 3D its excellent."
,Recommended,208200,13627795,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,Astro_80,This is the game to get if you're a hardcore DOOM fan. I recommend it. 8/10.That is all.
,Not Recommended,208200,19654587,"Posted: 12 December, 2015",all,Lucid,"I don't need to go into detail, as others have.  This edition is a joke.  It is much better for a PC user to just buy the DOOM 3 Pack and the classic games separately.  I was excited for acheivements, but I feel like I am playing a console port of a game that should never feel this way."
76561198145425233,Not Recommended,208200,20191277,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,DinoDerpz,"Don't Get This Game, Get The Normal Doom 3."
,Not Recommended,208200,20368738,"Posted: 6 January, 2016",all,Sleepoleon,"My worst impulse buy, ever. This comes with the original doom... that doesn't have settings on the menu. This is the product that compelled me to never buy bethesda products again."
,Recommended,208200,10079522,"Posted: 10 May, 2014",all,Traces08,Mehhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhbest review ever
,Recommended,208200,3791314,"Posted: 24 July, 2013",all,Hikari Saito,"If you miss Doom 1 2 and 3, this is the must buy game for you"
,Recommended,208200,19668057,"Posted: 12 December, 2015",all,a satirical cactus,( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)
,Recommended,208200,10215787,"Posted: 24 May, 2014",all,Livinum,"I played Doom 3 when it first came out, way back when...  Graphically it was and is still stunning.  I'm now playing it again, it has a great atmosphere to the game, and actually whilst different styles to the game the Dead Space series I think owes a lot to Doom 3.Doom 3 is pretty linear in it's game play, the maps lead you through it, you don't have to search endlessly for clues or keycards (which actually I like, as it keeps the action going)...After a while you do get used to Monster popping up behind you and you quickly learn to be cautious.Graphically it still looks great despite it being 10 years old and Gameplay wise it keeps you hooked as you roam the corridors wondering where the next Monster will come from.As for the updates to this edition, there is some negativity about the auto save feature taking you out of the action and to be honest it only really saves at moments where there isn't any action so its not an issue really.  As for the flashlight, I remember playing the original version and actually just found it annoying not being able to turn the flashlight on and shoot at the same time.  Although I think this probably made the game scarier and more disorientating...As a bonus of course you get Doom and Doom 2 with all the addons which are fun for some nostalgia..."
,Recommended,208200,11322087,"Posted: 19 July, 2014",all,Sturmgeist,"EDIT: The game does not support more recent drivers that do not have OpenGL support. There is a fix for Radeon users, Intel graphics are not supported, and I am unsure of Nvidia.Onto the game, it's a collection of a remastered Doom 3 and Resurrection of Evil expansion pack, along with a special bonus campaign; ""The Lost Missions"", and the ability to access both the original doom games in their entirety.The package was clearly meant for consoles because while Remastered on the Consoles looks so much better, on the PC it actually causes some problems regardless of your processor or card quality. Since the textures are edited with the consoles in mind, and this is a port, it actually looks worse graphically than the original Doom 3.That being said, it runs smoothly. The game itself is a great game, and the package is a great value. If you haven't played Doom 3 yet, I strongly suggest doing so. The benefit of this pack is value, but it is by no means remastered."
76561198093620245,Recommended,208200,29660840,Posted: 2 February,all,Bort,"Fantastic game. I love the slow yet methodical gameplay, the cutscenes, the graphics, and especially the atmosphere. I'd love to see another Doom game in this style."
,Recommended,208200,16625320,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,Cosmo The God,"I've always been in love with ID Software and the good old games that they've made in the past.; Well so back in 1993 when I was 3; I met ;(John Romero, John Carmack, And Adrian Carmack ); I remember how they were still coming up with Ideas for the game (DOOM) and seeing it for the very time."
76561198087750392,Recommended,208200,22040983,"Posted: 25 March, 2016",all,TaiDni,good good stuff
,Not Recommended,208200,22084219,"Posted: 27 March, 2016",all,retif,Just a bunch of additional meaningless levels to original DooM 3 with crappy laser scope on all weapons and buggy UI.
76561198224304492,Recommended,208200,25791399,"Posted: 30 September, 2016",all,The0range0wl,"Fun if you want to shoot demons and zombies. I highly recommend it if you are new to Doom. If you have the original version of Doom 3 and have it modded, I don't recommend it because it would basically be the same thing. But if you haven't played Doom 3 (Like me before I got this edition), this is the version to get. It fixes all the bugs from the original, it is a remastered version of Doom 3, and it includes Doom I and Doom II. I think it is pretty fun. I strongly think the 2016 Doom is MUCH better, but this is still a really good game from the 6th Generation (7th Gen when BFG edition came out)."
76561198043913128,Recommended,208200,9077010,"Posted: 12 February, 2014",all,Lord Voldeminge,"The worlds greatest First-Person-Shooter series packaged into one, with several extras. Well, yes, its a cash in (WE WANT DOOM 4 GOD DAMNIT!) but it is a good way for old fans to re-experience DOOM, DOOM II and Doom 3 (plus the expansion and a bonus chapter, released only with this version of the game) and new comers to play these timeless classics. You will definitely not regret this purchase."
76561198101786632,Not Recommended,208200,22614973,"Posted: 24 April, 2016",all,thestormiscomin,Do not buy.  The game does not work with my rig and there is a bunch of posts online about game bugs and things to try to fix it.  I have tried a few of the fixes and it still does not work.   Not worth the hassle.  I guess I have spent $10 on worse things...
76561198033167910,Recommended,208200,22905650,"Posted: 10 May, 2016",all,ZOMGitsRadimus,"Easily recommend this.The original Doom games, plus Doom 3 and its expansion.If you're a fan of the series. there's no reason to pass this up."
76561197997576950,Recommended,208200,1759782,"Posted: 31 December, 2012",all,sherbuy,"Excellent  game,  I  bought  DOOM 3  again  for  windows  7."
,Recommended,208200,8887007,"Posted: 28 January, 2014",all,fenderjaguar,"Much better engine than the original. First off, you don't have to run the game in a fixed time step with ""seta com_fixedtic ""1"" to get rid of the stuttering. Secondly, you can run the game at 120 fps for better responce, or if you have a 120hz monitor. Also, proper widescreen support. And while some people complain about the flashlight, I prefer it. And it's much prefered to the ducktape mod, which felt to make your aiming really laggy.Sure, the game is a little bright, but you can just put the brightness setting in the menu all the way down. Also, it will be nice if we can get some high res textures at some point."
,Recommended,208200,30250294,Posted: 28 February,all,GozerGozerian,"Doom 3 - fantastic.Not the same 'environment' or immersion as the originals, but still a great and more technologically modern game.The original DOOMs included, so-so. Modifications were made, so perhaps it is good to have legitimate original copies on hand to run in a port system.Still worth it!"
76561198022063887,Not Recommended,208200,19624459,"Posted: 10 December, 2015",all,Mystery Gamer Man,Meh...
76561198219809525,Not Recommended,208200,19334681,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,crowefloyd,I cant get it to work!!
,Recommended,208200,19668847,"Posted: 12 December, 2015",all,CM Tony,I♥♥♥♥♥♥my pants.
76561198135639828,Recommended,208200,19668020,"Posted: 12 December, 2015",all,guit4rm45ter,Terrifying 10/10
,Recommended,208200,24427473,"Posted: 20 July, 2016",all,Type hamburger,doom monster attack me
76561198319926333,Recommended,208200,28539543,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,King_Gumbo,Nostalgia at it's finest..
,Recommended,208200,19659999,"Posted: 12 December, 2015",all,Swiftyy,"I like doom, I like doom 3 this is overall a okay remaster pick it up on sale!!"
,Recommended,208200,19758629,"Posted: 17 December, 2015",all,Tanya,Motion sickness simulator
,Recommended,208200,22990408,"Posted: 14 May, 2016",all,Honyo,"I'd love this game a lot more if it would NOT keep freezing on me.  Other than that, I've soiled myself 18 times so far from all of the scary things that have jumped out at me."
,Recommended,208200,22989823,"Posted: 14 May, 2016",all,zhzelda3,"the story was great was,stopped playing for a while then picked back up"
76561198170476725,Recommended,208200,23908532,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,BlackSheep,"So there seems to be a problem when I am trying to play Doom 3. It keeps crashing out of nowhere and I don't know how to fix it. Never happened to me on any steam games before, this is the first time."
76561198070701024,Not Recommended,208200,21415041,"Posted: 23 February, 2016",all,Br80.0,This is a awsome game if you like disappointment... it work for an hour then wouldnt boot again... its mot my graphic card and im not willing to try to solve its issues....  im going to go to paypal to get my money back
76561198299770425,Not Recommended,208200,26531699,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,Portender,The weakest of all DOOM games. Not a big fan of the jump scare tactic.
,Recommended,208200,13104948,"Posted: 27 November, 2014",all,SoliDeoGloria,Awesome. Just like the first time I played it a million years ago.
,Recommended,208200,19643931,"Posted: 11 December, 2015",all,timmell,I Like Doom
76561197982862036,Not Recommended,208200,19641924,"Posted: 11 December, 2015",all,Okidoki,If your looking purely for a nostalgic trip then yes buy these.. However if your looking for a deeper nostalgic trip with the letters IDKFA or IDDQD etc.. then just keep on walking. That was first thing I did when I ran Doom 2 for the first time tonight.  Do I need cheats to complete the game? No. Do I want cheats to complete the game 25 years or so after the fact?YesI give this bundle a 5 out of 10 based on value and nostalgic feeling.  The other 5 could be given if they ever patch the no cheats thing or atleast make it a console command.
76561198241716594,Not Recommended,208200,19639019,"Posted: 11 December, 2015",all,gamerbros005,it wont let me play DOOM 3
,Recommended,208200,24248780,"Posted: 11 July, 2016",all,WraithLock,Still is a good game and worth the money
76561198013508994,Not Recommended,208200,20101957,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,Archlich,"Everything is inexplicably blurry. The original will look better out of the box.(The setting called LOD bias seems to be related. While I can mitigate the blur, I can't seem to entirely get rid of it.)"
,Recommended,208200,20101118,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,Nadir,"I recommend this ""game"" because it's such a good value. But Doom 3 itself is a letdown. It has realtime shadows, which are awesome. As a result, the entire game is too dark. Like, dark enough that you can't even see the monsters you're supposed to be shooting at. I realize D3 is a bit of a survival horror game, but literally not being able to see the monsters attacking you is a problem. Lighting aside, there aren't enough monsters. Have fun killing the same imp over and over again every time you round a corner. This game goes for ""scares"" by spawning enemies behind you, shaking your view, and hiding things in shadows. It also has lots of gross ambient sound effects and visuals, which are more unsettling than scary. All in all, kind of boring and repetitive."
76561198123804954,Recommended,208200,12975479,"Posted: 16 November, 2014",all,JRB,Oh the memories made with this game a true classic masterpiece
,Recommended,208200,20014536,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,Thurmanator94,"It really sucks that there is no co op available for pc, but this game still has a very special place in my heart as the first M rated game I played and hid from my parents I have owned this game on all kinds of platforms (favorite was when i found a gba copy) this game is so good that I will always be looking for another copy to have somewhere if I ever needed it hahahaI dont know if I even want to try and think about all the hours I have spent on thie first two doom games considering how fast I can finish either of the games10/10"
76561198033691111,Recommended,208200,13758043,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,Lauri Noormets,Like
76561198038742356,Recommended,208200,14457629,"Posted: 13 February, 2015",all,Enigma88,"A complete collection for a Doom fan, One of the Few Horror/FPS done right."
,Recommended,208200,14380965,"Posted: 7 February, 2015",all,я|F /Offline,It's aite.
,Recommended,208200,13801425,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,derekandeclipse,i got riptoff it doesnt work
,Recommended,208200,9379988,"Posted: 7 March, 2014",all,Yukimare The Oshawott,"as someone who values the Doom series, this is kind of a bargin for 3 games in one package...however... for the main game, Doom 3, some things are for better, and some are for worse. I'l put a few things up hereA common complaint (and the orgin of the ""Duct tape"" mod for the original Doom 3) was the lack of ability to wield the flashlight and a real weapon at the same time. In a way, it seems ID has tried to complment this by removing the flashlight weapon outright and just mounting it on your armor. In a way, this is great, for now your not blind firing into the darkness hoping your aiming at the imp your trying to shoot... however, it just seems... idk... OP now.... somehow, I feel it would be better if they kept the flashlight from before, but beefed it up a bit, while also implmenting the new mounted flashlight, but nerf it (narrow and lessen the range of the beam, and make it not so bright, ect.) so that both have reason for use : use the normal flashlight for when your not in danger, and the mounted for when you are in combat.one thing that IS for worse is the HUD (and some of the weapons, particulary those that had a HUD on them) : it doesnt seem very appealing to me, and is more distracting to me then the original one (even though it's smaller, it has a brigher hue to it, is not transparent, and thus is more eye catching... too eye catching) and the HUD is no longer responsive to weapons with ammo counters (like said earlier) : before, when you equiped such a weapon, like the SMG, the ammo counter in your normal HUD disapeared, and you now relyed on the weapon, witch I feel seemed much better then the normal HUD. now, both the standard and the weapon-mounted ammo counters exist at the same time. I feel this shouldive been different : instead of keep the ammo counter on the normal HUD, remove it altogether and modify all the weapons to have ammo counters mounter on them, and use that (would make the HUD a bit cleaner anyway)On the other hand, ID did a fairly good job on making the game more ""HD"", for the sounds have improved (before, it sounded like you were firing toy guns with very bad sound simulators. now, well, except for the pistol so far, now sounds like your firing somthing closer to a real gun, even if it still sounds a little fake) and everything looks considerably better, for now more details can be noted about everything, as it makes Ultra Detail from the original doom look like low quality.... though it didnt do any favors for some characters (the main character and Kelly are 2 examples, for now the main character looks a bit messed up, like Kelly looks way too young (looked like he was in his 50's and had white hair in the original, now looks like he is in his 20's and has red hair))That aside, while this seems to be a downgrade if you have the original Doom 3 (and if you have mods for Doom 3 such as LMS, i recommend you hang onto your original copy if you get this, for most mods will not be compatable with this new version due to the change in the game engine), This is well worth it if you never got Doom 3... or any of the dooms in general."
76561198282265534,Recommended,208200,33804007,Posted: 26 July,all,AmoralDan,"Good game about hell.Wery interesting.When you play this game,you feel emotion of violence."
76561197971735054,Recommended,208200,13555142,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,updawazoo,checkpoint save systems suck
,Recommended,208200,31248177,Posted: 19 April,all,ㄒΛ☣,"Dont press f12, it will lock your achievements.♥♥♥♥♥ but still good game."
,Recommended,208200,9960163,"Posted: 28 April, 2014",all,bnb,"I like new levels and Doom 1 and Doom 2 bundled with this one.But I'm not sure if I can recommend this ""edition"" over the vanilla Doom 3. Giving you the option to use the flashlight and shoot enemies at the same time was definitely a wrong decision: now you just run through some levels which you had to sneak before. It seems that this BFG edition has lost the ""thrill"" part of the original game.So, if you never played the original Doom 3, I would suggest you to try it before installing this BFG edition (that is still good)."
,Recommended,208200,10135813,"Posted: 16 May, 2014",all,Kez,"An amazing game for any huge doom fan like my self, been a huge fan of doom since I was a boy and I just love this graphicly improved version of Doom 3 (Not that the previous version was bad >w>) 5 outa 5 for this one, strongly reccomend."
,Recommended,208200,10075843,"Posted: 10 May, 2014",all,BigAssWalrus,"Great game, I like that it comes with the basic trilogy. It's weird not being able to look up and down after playing newer FPS games in original dooms. Its a lot of fun."
,Recommended,208200,28847307,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,FieldMedic,"Just shut up and buy the game, if you've come this far there is no turning back. Grab your nuts and your shotgun and go forth 10/10 would punch cyberdemon again"
,Recommended,208200,10928880,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,Godzilla 2019,"Doom 3 BFG Edition is a complete deal.3 classic games in one download, all very fun in it's own way, Games loading screens are very fast, and It is better than the console side.My average review: 90% PC versionI recommend that you check this game out.The only flaw that this game ha is that no one uses the miltiplayer feature in Doom 3.That flaw however is made up by three great single-player campaigns."
76561198006358574,Recommended,208200,19713788,"Posted: 15 December, 2015",all,Name Lips,"Ah, what a wonderful trip down memory lane!I forgot how good, and hard, DOOM 1 and 2 were.I remember when I first played DOOM how impressed I was with the ultra-realistic graphics. :PWhat surprised me was how dated DOOM 3 looks. I feel like I just played it yesterday, and it was the most detailed and immersive and frightening game I'd ever played. Now, after playing modern shooters, the people look clunky and angular, and the whole feel seems dated and retro. It's still an amazing game, but it's weird how much things have changed since it came out without me noticing.I'm sure this pack was put on sale as part of the promotion for the new DOOM game that's coming out, but it's still worth picking up!"
,Recommended,208200,27059517,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,KrigarNooben,FUN
76561198143960110,Recommended,208200,33117416,Posted: 1 July,all,Kurt Cobain,I remember when i first saw the trailer for this game and how i instantly fell in love with the game and when i first played i thought i would be cheated out of a good game but instead got a game that lived up to the trailer which gave me a terrifying experience. This game brought me many hard times when i got scared and felt helpless against the demon army. Truly this game is among my favorites and has never gotten me bored amongst the many times ive played it. I highly recommend this game to any who have never played this game. 10/10
,Recommended,208200,33138416,Posted: 2 July,all,Tim_Shackleford,"Heck of a value for 5 bucks compared to picking up all 3 seperately;However the main reason to get the BFG Edition is to be able to play @120hz, or in 3d vision which isnt really possible on the standard Doom 3 version.Yeah, there are a couple of negatives to getting the BFG version compared to the originals, but the above far outweighs the cons in my opinion :)"
76561198085962443,Recommended,208200,15716845,"Posted: 6 May, 2015",all,matthewjknight,"doom1 review: a classic, which still holds up excellently today, i would rather play this over other shooters like call of duty or battlefield anyday! this game is truly a marvel of first person shooting and horror based themes plus its not giving a f*** style to it.doom 3: dispite being a ""horror game"" this game fails to scare me in anyway, it does have great atmosphere to it and quite good enemies. how ever not only does it fail to deliver many scares but it also is not as graphically appealing as any other games in 2012, also the biggest downside, is if this game didnt exist we wouldnt have the crappy doom film (which is a prequel!!!)but dispite what the series has done to the first person genre, and the style of it, i will give this a 8.5 out of 10."
76561198200710175,Recommended,208200,16309627,"Posted: 11 June, 2015",all,baalmelech,"I bought the original Doom3 when it was first released. I've played it off and on ever since. Yes, I killed the CyberDemon. Yes, I've played Nightmare. And something like ten years after the original purchase Doom3 can still make me jump. I know where the monsters are. I know where the upgrades are - and still, it can make me jump. That's an awful lot of gameplay for whatever it originally cost me.I like the BFG edition very much. Yes the gameplay and the graphics and the ambient sounds are all exactly the same. So what?  It's just as terrifying as the original AND you get a double barreled shotgun.Who could ask for anything more."
76561197972025376,Recommended,208200,29166570,Posted: 10 January,all,justintd,Play this with HTC Vive and this mod:https://github.com/Codes4Fun/RBDOOM-3-BFG/releasesIt's amazing.
,Recommended,208200,21080358,"Posted: 9 February, 2016",all,Jodeth,"It's a good bit of fun. I've never finished the game once, but every now and then I come back to it. These mods make it nicer to look at and play: Hi Def, Immersive HD for Hi Def, and Immersive ReShade. That stuff's kinda heavy on my rig, but it's worth it. I didn't think anything in Doom 3 could bring down my Core i5-4460 & GTX 660 Ti, but to my surprise... ya. Without mods, it performs flawlessly. I don't bother playing Doom 1 & 2 in BFG. I enjoy those games much, MUCH more with the mod 'Project Brutality', which is something totally different than Doom 3."
,Recommended,208200,25459344,"Posted: 11 September, 2016",all,Zhyong,Nostalgia.
76561198162807436,Recommended,208200,24054296,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,_Tejofi42_,DooM 3 BFG Edition includes:-DooM 1 (The Ultimate DooM)-DooM 2-DooM 3 + 2 DLCThese games are old but GOLD !!! Just give them a try !
76561198144057740,Recommended,208200,12031954,"Posted: 9 September, 2014",all,Nixstrips,it's  good and all but it should have full controller support amazing story and super fun game if you are a DOOM fan i recommend you to buy it
,Recommended,208200,10958680,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,Lol Yup,"It Includes Doom, Doom 2, and Doom 3... 10/10"
76561198066556321,Recommended,208200,10763182,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,LeadPaintChip,"It is Doom, enough said!Doom, Doom 2, and Doom 3 all rolled into one package."
76561198047616056,Recommended,208200,19538485,"Posted: 6 December, 2015",all,音 Talu 音,"Good shi1! Doom 1 gets me hooked like 14 years ago. Its nice that they bundled everything into a single game and added achivements if you care for such.Don't really care about graphics, still looks good for this day and age, what matters is gameplay and theres plenty in this pack!Playing through this in waiting for Doom 4."
,Recommended,208200,32324105,Posted: 10 June,all,Apriarcy,"If only I could hold a flashlight and a gun at the same time. Or even better, attach a flashlight TO a gun. Oh well, a man can dream."
,Not Recommended,208200,20357944,"Posted: 6 January, 2016",all,HydroQuarintine,I bought this game hoping to play but all it did was stick on the game loading screen the whole time so i wouldnt buy this game if i were you...id just go on ebay and buy the original doom 3 and be able to play it for half the cost
76561197987047936,Recommended,208200,10534061,"Posted: 19 June, 2014",all,The Squid,"With the graphical updates, Doom 3 holds up pretty well. It's a little light on story, but the PDAs full of text and audio logs help a lot by building the sense that the Mars UAC facility is an actual place. The classic run-and-gun gameplay is solid and good at building tension, even if the weapons are a little unexciting. The add-on packs are well done, but if you play everything back to back it might start to feel tedious. The inclusion of Doom and Doom II is nice if you want to replay them or see where the series had its roots. I had fun with my run through Doom 3, but it's just dated enough that I wouldn't recommend the full $20 price.Full review here:http://postlaunch.blogspot.ca/2014/04/doom-3-bfg-edition.html"
76561198162127480,Recommended,208200,35166443,Posted: 23 September,all,goobypls585,I simply love doom 3.
,Recommended,208200,19358460,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,Matosha,"*been quiet for 15min**maybe all the demons are dead?**Im gona push this button and Shtz gona happen*-pushes button. Everythings quiet.*well i guess these demons are....GAHHHH!!!! #FIRE #BLOOD #screamingLittleGirlVoice#demons.#pause game#walk away from computer.*son of a B....-unpause game, kill demons."
76561197986080052,Recommended,208200,26754023,"Posted: 22 November, 2016",all,PolarClaw,"Doom 3 BFG with the OpenVR mod is at the moment (11/2016) the best VR game for the VIVE !!Running through the dungeons of Mars was never so great, sometimes I'm just standing around and looking at the machines before I'm killing the next monsters...If you don't have it get it.(BTW: I think time counters are not counting the VR game time)"
76561198246779586,Recommended,208200,24788711,"Posted: 8 August, 2016",all,jasonzostov3,"Great game, love how it also includes DOOM 1 and 2, plus can use the mouse for turning/shooting.9/10."
,Recommended,208200,28926915,Posted: 1 January,all,[G-MAN2][bodenebas]Billy Maize,very fun and educational
,Recommended,208200,33932696,Posted: 31 July,all,[202nd NOVA] Doctor A. Nibenay,"I'd recommend this for the classics, you can play them without tampering with the files. Too bad there's no cloud though.Overall, the game is unchanged except for the lack of nazi's."
,Recommended,208200,12687421,"Posted: 29 October, 2014",all,H2o82,"Possibly the best DOOM ever released.if you dont know what DOOM is, but you think it was a movie, please dissasemble your computer and never come back online again... EVERRRRRRRRR."
76561198062929052,Recommended,208200,25575108,"Posted: 18 September, 2016",all,Feels Good..,"Best always look behind you simulator ever, I give this 11/10 skullspiders, would squish again =D"
76561197968305965,Recommended,208200,12594891,"Posted: 21 October, 2014",all,yard salad,racecar with a shotgun game
,Not Recommended,208200,7958083,"Posted: 7 December, 2013",all,Jesse McCree,"All I have to say is ""what's the difference from the original?""Truthfully the only good thing about this game is the 3D mode that comes with it, but what sucks about THAT is it doesn't even work! (Maybe I'm doing it wrong, but it won't work for me.)Here are the good things about it:-3D Capability-Minor texture improvements-Adding of Doom 1 and 2.-Controller supportAnd here is the bad...-Laggy multiplayer gameplay no matter who hosts.-Original Console removed-Modding support taken away-FoV options lacking-No updates whatsoever-Framerate can drop at times-Flashlight is now armor-mounted (Some may consider this positive)-MAJOR weapon nerfs (Rocket Launcher, Plasma gun, Shotgun, Chaingun, etc.)-Textures barely improvedThe orginal Doom 3 was SO much better! Console versions of this game are superior.After so many years of NOT releasing a Doom game, id Software decides to give the fans a ""blast from the past"" with Doom 3, Doom 3 RoE, Lost Mission, and Doom 1 &2. Doom 1 and 2 are the highlights of this game. Doom 3 has been ripped of everything that was good about it. The console is gone, the FoV sucks, gameplay makes you frown in disappointment. It could have been so much better if they had only given us what we wanted. We were also promised COOP like the Xbox version had. They took that out... Left us with a half♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ lame, unoriginal, butt-♥♥♥♥ excuse of a game.Single Player: (Doom 1) 8/10 (Doom 2) 8/10 (Doom 3) 6/10Multiplayer: (Doom 1 and 2) N/A (Doom 3) 3/10Overall Ratings: (Doom 1 & 2) 8/10 (Doom 3) 4.5/10"
,Not Recommended,208200,26381327,"Posted: 2 November, 2016",all,Eagleizer,Does not support all resolutions. Cannot be fixed in the cfg-file.Have to wonder why they have not fixed this yet...
,Not Recommended,208200,12238575,"Posted: 25 September, 2014",all,Your Waifu,"My system meets/exceeds the requirements, yet the game immediately crashes on start up."
,Not Recommended,208200,7757661,"Posted: 25 November, 2013",all,ALPN,"Doom 3. So much potential, yet never quite lived up to the hype. This title was the first of recent lackluster releases by id software (Quake Enemy Territory, Rage). Though the engine was fairly cutting edge at the time, I personally never enjoyed the high contrast / dramtic shadow lighting effects. Lack of hit detection on the enemies, no aim down sights, and the 'survival horror' flavor of this game added up to a result that didnt quite do justice to the action-packed original."
,Recommended,208200,22978394,"Posted: 14 May, 2016",all,DoomGuy,"WHAT THE HELL ARE YOU DOING READING REVIEWS?!?!? GET BACK IN THE FIGHT,MARINE!"
76561198066264184,Not Recommended,208200,26679008,"Posted: 18 November, 2016",all,LuxAeternax,"Months ago I beat doom 3 and it was a pretty enjoyable experience. While completely different than the original two games, in its own right it was engaging. The added element of survival horror was nice and atmospheric and gives this game a gritty asthetic apart from the originals.I just recently started playing Resurrection of Evil to continue the campaign, but I made a huge mistake. I played Doom 1 and Doom 2 recently, including Final doom and a bunch of other WADs for both titles. This had a profound impact on my experience of RoE that I didn't experience with my initial playthrough of Doom 3.The Doomguy runs like hes an obese person on the brink of a heart disease related death. If you accidentally touch the side of a railing while strafing or any other sharp pointed object, you immediately stop moving, thus making you vulnerable to enemy fire.In the original games movement was like butter. you could move around freely and engage enemies. Now its a chore. The new grabber gun is a gimmick. Whenever you have to use it further detracts from what you want to do (shoot enemies with a comfortable control pattern)The original Doom 3 campaign has its share of flaws, but the addition of different gameplay elements like the artifact and grabber gun, both of which have no place within a doom game and were there to compete with Half Life 2, serve to make the expansion a tedious, horrid affair. The irony is, after all of this time, Quake 4 is the better throwback title."
76561197989275370,Not Recommended,208200,31936144,Posted: 24 May,all,jonno222,"Doom 3 is a great game, but dont buy the BFG version please, it stands for BUGGY ♥♥♥♥ING GAME!! wont update, keeps corrupting saves even if you just go from checkpoint to checkpoint and dont quick save.. + not much point having full Doom 2 and Doom 1 if the game crashes even before you get to the menu..this version is a constant battle to keep running.. absolute disgrace..DO YOURSELF A FAVOUR BUY THE NORMAL DOOM3!!"
76561198066307056,Recommended,208200,33192200,Posted: 3 July,all,Pacman543,good game
76561198007742882,Not Recommended,208200,15421757,"Posted: 17 April, 2015",all,bfg001,"I just wanted to congratulate bethesda on being the company that sold me the last game that I will ever spend money on.  People sometimes joke about a crash coming in the video game industry.  With a sh!t game like this, I predict one right around the corner.  Repackaging intellectual material and selling it as something new I thought was only the domain of television, not video games.  Guess I was wrong."
,Recommended,208200,19433531,"Posted: 2 December, 2015",all,LiokyWarrior,"doom is love, doom is life, git gut you ♥♥♥♥♥♥, i just shooted myself with the bfg <3"
,Recommended,208200,13372091,"Posted: 14 December, 2014",all,Tzunny,Sick like DOOM was always been !
76561197981548323,Recommended,208200,18287399,"Posted: 2 October, 2015",all,Shonkawakan,"Confirmed, one of those old greatest games of all times. And this version comes with achievements which makes it even greater. Double recommended to anyone who dares call himself a gamer and has somehow failed to try it before.  Like myself:)).Да, это точно одна из самых крутых игр всех времен. Да еще и версия с ачивками, что совсем хорошо. Дважды рекомендую всем, кто смеет называть себя геймером и как-то умудрился ее в свое время пропустить. Как я например :)."
,Not Recommended,208200,19829940,"Posted: 21 December, 2015",all,kireta,"Waste of money and time. Get separate games instead.I don't know why would anyone would buy BFG, for reason other than pure ignorance (like me).BFG gives all 3 Doom games. To be more specific:It gives Doom 1 & 2 with censored content, and emulated without fraction of functionality, say, zdoom gives.And graphically downgraded Doom 3 (most likely straight up console port), with unskippable cutscenes, and no mod support.Ah yes, it has steam achievements, hooray!"
,Not Recommended,208200,1104909,"Posted: 15 July, 2013",all,Anterk,"Doom 3 is a great game. That said, the only significant additions for the BFG edition are useful resolutions and the lost mission. The included Ultimate Doom and Doom 2 are there if you don't have them already, but Final Doom is inexplicably absent, so you might as well get the original Doom games seperately. The new Doom 3 content is fun, but it comes at the cost of NO VIDEO OPTIONS MENU. My PC can handle this game, but I personally prefer to turn down the graphics options so that I may enjoy guaranteed smooth gameplay. I can't do that with BFG, because aside from resolution options and a slider for texture crispness, there really isn't anything here. If you can tolerate 4:3 resolution, get the base Doom 3 (and expansion!) rather than this. One more thing: Id removed the flashlight mechanic for BFG, a mechanic that forced you to chose between holding a light and holding a gun. I liked the forced choice, but that's just me."
,Not Recommended,208200,10080405,"Posted: 11 May, 2014",all,Pepman,"Back around when this came out, apparently my graphics card didn't support the game, therefore making it crash on startup.Over the following course of those next few weeks, I was being thrown between Valve and Bethesda's tech support centers trying to fix the problem. In the end they told me there was nothing that could be done according to a status report they asked me to send. This resulted in me having to use my one-time refund on Steam (if you aren't happy with a game Valve will give you your money back, but only once) to get back my money from a game that didn't work. It isn't my fault I couldn't run it, the least they could have done is mentioned that unsupported card. A little over a year and a half later I'm still peeved that Valve used the one-time refund for a broken game I couldn't run.Anyway, long story short, if you're looking more toward getting the original Doom 1 and 2, heck, maybe even the 3rd, in this pack, go and buy them separately. It's much more solid and secure if you don't know about your card/drivers."
,Not Recommended,208200,19608043,"Posted: 10 December, 2015",all,Quake III,Buy the Doom 3 Pack that contains the better version of Doom 3 and its expansion. This version is sadly really watered down.
76561198059799462,Not Recommended,208200,35091099,Posted: 20 September,all,Butcherpuss,Enemies spawn infront and behind you. Then an enemy that does splash damage spawns down a hallway with enemies body blocking you from behind.Frustrating.
76561198050402430,Recommended,208200,24702599,"Posted: 3 August, 2016",all,The ONCE-LER,I got demons runnin' all through me!
,Not Recommended,208200,10076563,"Posted: 10 May, 2014",all,:DiM: BLooDY,piece of♥♥♥♥♥
76561198021986010,Recommended,208200,34492962,Posted: 25 August,all,olsonj31,great games. hope you dont run out of flash light batteries.
,Recommended,208200,11578062,"Posted: 6 August, 2014",all,Evil Dave,"The good:- Amazing Campaign. A mix of action and horror elements- A lot of weapons. From a handgun to a rocketlauncher- Terrifying enemies: Zombies, demons and bosses- Scary moments. Some enemies will make you jump from the chair- This version incluides the old Dooms and the expansions (Lost Mission & Return of Evil)- The flashlight is not anymore an ""item"". Now you can shoot and have it on at the same time.- Nice optimitzation. No problems / no stuttering. Really smoothy- ""Nigthmare Mode"" is really a challange. I love it!The bad:- The textures.......well, are the same as the 2003 version :(- No mods T_T- The multiplayer is really necesary?Final Score: 8/10"
,Recommended,208200,19660962,"Posted: 12 December, 2015",all,Jimklijn,"Its so much fun, it reminds me a little bit of half-life and black-messa, i was shaking all the time! 1 and 2 are too realy fun"
76561197975569166,Recommended,208200,22987557,"Posted: 14 May, 2016",all,Woot,great
76561197975551289,Not Recommended,208200,19639115,"Posted: 11 December, 2015",all,TuRoK 2....,omg? its♥♥♥♥♥♥♥! The original is so far better!!!
76561198033240156,Recommended,208200,20377918,"Posted: 7 January, 2016",all,Mikhail,"I haven't played the original Doom 3, but I had played Doom 2 and Quake before starting this one. For a classic FPS, it starts off slow, pretending to be a horror (which I found annoying), but soon it picks up the pace and you find yourself strafing around big rocket-gun monsters, and those other big monsters, and those bloody shaman monsters who summon stomping tentacle-arm monsters, and other stomping monsters with miniguns, and cacodemons, and flying heads, and all the little crawling and jumping ♥♥♥♥s... And you mow all this occult swarm down with an arsenal of sci-fi weaponry, including plasmagun, minigun, shotgun, assault rifle, rocket launcher, BFG and the chainsaw... Yeah, it's DOOM.  It pretends not be for awhile, but it can't hide it. And I don't see a reason why it would. Kinda like a pretty girl with unnecessary makeup, if you know what I mean."
,Recommended,208200,11822247,"Posted: 22 August, 2014",all,Vault-Tec101,FUN
,Recommended,208200,9421815,"Posted: 11 March, 2014",all,Grimtongues,"It looks even better than when Doom3 first came out, although I do have a far better computer now than I did a decade ago so it could just be that.  Anyway, this game is a hell of a lot of fun!"
76561198129694266,Not Recommended,208200,26756855,"Posted: 22 November, 2016",all,DaBorneLaser,"old, dark, boring, mindless dungeon shooter. 3/10"
76561198272119631,Recommended,208200,24234764,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,Imperial Ethan,This is a very well written game thanks for the opportunity to play such a game.
76561197972913813,Recommended,208200,608901,"Posted: 29 October, 2012",all,Bladewolf,"Released back in 2004 DooM 3 was a blast and great action game to play. It was spooky, filled with adrenaline action, scary monsters to kill, cool bosses and devastating weapons. Here we have a remastered edition BFG which has original game, expansion, and brand new mission to play all in all gives you whole 10 hours of gameplay. It's all fine to play it again as nostalgia is a strong thing in common times,but seems like we get more remakes and prequels tban promised sequels. Also as a gift id gives us also Doom 1 and 2 just for fun. Don't bother with multiplayer it will be dead in a month. If you never played DOOM series go ahead and grab BFG edition it's worth it as it seted the beginning for shooter genre. If you played Doom 3 and others grab this only when there will be big price drop, otherwise it's not worth such big money. John Carmack is genius but where THE ♥♥♥♥ IS MY DOOM 4? 5/10."
76561198108031310,Not Recommended,208200,21122104,"Posted: 11 February, 2016",all,Captain Cuddles,Crashes everytime I start it up.
76561198237997730,Not Recommended,208200,22667277,"Posted: 27 April, 2016",all,OGkushTom420,♥♥♥
,Not Recommended,208200,19781530,"Posted: 19 December, 2015",all,Green is generally inept,"Ok, Doom 3 is a great game but this BFG edition is♥♥♥♥♥♥ Its an easier verision of Doom 3 that runs at 27 fps."
76561197969968512,Recommended,208200,33145141,Posted: 2 July,all,*M1* Memphis King,nice game
,Not Recommended,208200,28112736,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,Sweet Tooth,"I love the Doom series, but I didn't enjoy this game that much. I think i enjoyed Quake 4 and F.E.A.R more.The game doesn't feel like Doom, it did not give me the same atmosphere ( as i expected) as Doom would and it tried to be some other kind of game. No adrenaline rush action, just fighting demons at small claustraphobic hallways and rooms. Paired with that, they did not put nice effects when killing the monsters. Ragdolls are horrible, zombies are stiff, few reactions, no explosive-adrenaline pumping gore, shooting rockets at monsters felt boring, and the minigun is turned into a ""focus on one target"" gun rather than a bullet sprayer. I did not feel the ""umf"" when playing this game. I got bored after playing Ressuruction of Evil Expansion.I'd suggest youd play the original Doom 1 and 2 and the new Doom 4, or maybe look at other games like Painkiller."
76561198049771489,Recommended,208200,22995041,"Posted: 15 May, 2016",all,Aquatic,The BFG edition fixes a lot of problems with the original Doom 3 and adds some much needed improvements like always on flashlight and widescreen support.  Comes with Doom 1 and 2 as a nice bonus!  Great game!
,Recommended,208200,24676689,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,Minerben01,Very good graphics for an older game.Recommended for Windows 8-10 over regular DOOM 3.
,Recommended,208200,24627584,"Posted: 30 July, 2016",all,d0fabur5st,"great bundle, recommend it to anyone who likes doom, and would want a refined sersion of it."
76561198088356599,Recommended,208200,34876174,Posted: 10 September,all,GR1M,"I've been playing doom since I was a young lad.  I am currently playing Doom 3 for the first time in VR, which is absolutely amazing.  Check me out as I tear through the hordes of hell in Virtual Reality:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QRk0MJcfmbw"
,Recommended,208200,4213350,"Posted: 1 December, 2012",all,「cλs & Bλddy」,i luv this games !! thx id !!
,Recommended,208200,7719202,"Posted: 22 November, 2013",all,VAC NeneroG,"DOOM 3 BFG Edition is the ultimate collection of games that defined the first person shooter including DOOM, DOOM II, DOOM 3, and DOOM 3: Resurrection of Evil, and The Lost Mission."
,Not Recommended,208200,33207897,Posted: 3 July,all,sticktail,OK I got this version of the game for console and doom and doom2 had mulitplayer modes on the game. Doom3 has it on pc but not doom and doom2 like wtf I'm actucally pissied I bought this so a friend of mine can co-op with me in doom and doom2
,Not Recommended,208200,7754039,"Posted: 25 November, 2013",all,Velcrosasquatch™,"Stick with the original Doom games on Steam.This package contains butchered versions.Unless you have an Occulus Rift, this re-release adds near nothing.Only Doom 2 XBLA exclusive maps and rehashed Doom 3 levels entitled ""The Lost Missions""."
,Not Recommended,208200,28888491,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,AnnA 3: BFG Edition,"It's a good game, but it's not DOOM in the slightest. It's a lot slower and atmospheric, and it's great for the most part, but the slow pace and terrible sound design don't lend themselves well to hitscan enemies and the DOOM franchise in general. Not really a must-own."
76561198034521569,Not Recommended,208200,27580206,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,N64Orc,"It is a very dated game and honestly in my opinion it little to or no comparison to the original two games. DOOM 2016 is Doom 3 and this is more of a doom ""the lost episode"" if you can call it that."
76561198069733696,Not Recommended,208200,34542706,Posted: 27 August,all,Doofy,This is not the exact same DOOM 3 that had excellent graphics. The original system graphics options have been replaced with crap settings. The game looks terrible compaired to its official release.
,Recommended,208200,15581426,"Posted: 27 April, 2015",all,TPI | Ketobbey,Why have I never recommended Doom:BFG Edition yet?Killed things in hell - like a boss!10/10
,Not Recommended,208200,10088602,"Posted: 11 May, 2014",all,Warhol,"The BFG package does not allow for modding and is, overall, literally worse than Hitler. Do not buy the BFG edition."
76561198013063801,Not Recommended,208200,34557313,Posted: 28 August,all,600ti,This is not the exact same DOOM 3 that had excellent graphics. The original system graphics options have been replaced with crap
,Recommended,208200,33866424,Posted: 28 July,all,Raptomex,Check out our video review:https://youtu.be/Y13HfPxOvkw
,Not Recommended,208200,11194559,"Posted: 11 July, 2014",all,TMVDC,"Looks like butt, plays like it too."
,Recommended,208200,25575593,"Posted: 18 September, 2016",all,NEO_™,BFG stands for BADASS F*CKING GAME.This game is some EPIC CLASSIC RETRO FPS that includes 3 of the DOOM in 1 package.Just pure simplicity carnage run and gun.GOOD SH*T .
76561198139685662,Recommended,208200,26111611,"Posted: 19 October, 2016",all,A NOICE GAME,BEST TURKEY PUNCHING SIMULATOR I HAVE EVER PLAYED
76561197984173791,Recommended,208200,12480529,"Posted: 13 October, 2014",all,captainthrall,"This isn't really Doom 3.  It's more like ""super scary alien ghost FPS game.""  However, the makers of the game couldn't call it that, because nobody would have bought it without the Doom name.  So a doom sequal it's not...With that being said, it's a great game!  The graphics are awesome, the story is fun, the scares are terrifying.  Play this all alone, late at night, in the dark, and you will be jumping out of your seat.The game also comes with complete versions of Doom and Doom 2 (including all official expansions.)  It's fun to go back and skip around to some of your favorite classic levels.  Tricks and Traps anyone?"
,Recommended,208200,30349800,Posted: 5 March,all,Jhonnykiller45,Good.
,Recommended,208200,30467280,Posted: 12 March,all,сука блять,GET ALL THE DOOMS!!!  o/
76561198045401832,Not Recommended,208200,29301103,Posted: 16 January,all,SoloPlayah,"Really wanted to like this, but hated the controls and interface at beginning, easily get lost."
,Recommended,208200,28083309,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,Birdkoo,More Blood than a million girls on their periods.
,Not Recommended,208200,23262504,"Posted: 28 May, 2016",all,ShadowChaser,"I only bought this (on sale, no less) because it included both of the original Doom games at a price lower than I would have paid for both individually. Doom 3 is worth a playthrough, definitely, but it's not a game I'd be willing to come back to unless it was for achievement hunting."
,Not Recommended,208200,29110543,Posted: 8 January,all,Mivvv,"I'm a doom player since I was a kid. I saw my father playing it, then started playing together and now I'm playing. I still own DOS-Doom's in floppy disks. And let me tell you guys something....Don't buy this game for old doomsI wasn't a fan of the Doom 3 due to the god damn flashlight and the need of ducktape mode to actually play this game, now I saw this in winter sale and I saw flashlight was fixed. I didn't even played Doom 3 that much because the port of old Dooms made me cry.Problems:25 FPS? What on earth? You decided to work hard on to uncap 60 fps to 125 fps in Doom 3 but not even considered old ports as relative games?Options? No options to work out anything... Seriously anything!I currently use my WAD's with GZDoom, if you would like to show real respect to doom series; find your WAD's, use GZDoom and disable jumping."
76561198292049808,Recommended,208200,31311372,Posted: 22 April,all,BIGWAR65,badass
,Not Recommended,208200,19299559,"Posted: 26 November, 2015",all,Crayola Snarkel,meh
76561198012915042,Recommended,208200,23337631,"Posted: 1 June, 2016",all,erlingheusm1,awesome
,Recommended,208200,1088777,"Posted: 2 January, 2013",all,Nick,"This version of Doom 3 actually comes with all the original Doom games. So I'll summarize what I felt about all 3 of them.Doom 1: One of the first shooters ever made. It's actually a lot of fun. The first thing I noticed is that you can't jump or aim vertically. You basically strafe and shoot at enemies and use the shotgun as much as possible. You get a minigun, a rocket launcher, a plasma gun, and of course, the BFG to kill progressively more difficult swarms of enemies. There's not much of a story and the levels are very arcade like in structure. The music fits the era it was made: 8-bit rock music.Doom 2: Nearly identical to the first Doom but with what seems like more difficult levels. There is a new shotgun which has a higher spread and damage which is great for taking out lots of guys fast, but reloads slower. There are a lot of new enemies that are much harder. You'll face some of the bosses from the first game in almost every level. Doom 2 is like the challenge mode of Doom 1.  There's also more of that 8-bit rock music in every level.Doom 3: It's making me crazy dizzy. I just set the FPS lower because the 120fps made me so sick. The gameplay is pretty narrow compared to the last two. You're stuck in very narrow corridors similar to Dead Space. I've noticed some similar enemies from the original two games, just now they've been given a more modern look with better graphics and physics. Unfortunetly, even this game is starting to show its age. The textures are basically absent from this game. There's also a more obvious atempt at having a story to this game. I haven't finished the game so I can't say whether or not the story is any good, but it's more interesting now than it was in the past two games. The 8-bit rock music is finally gone. Almost seems like a shame as now the game feels like a typical horror game. It feels like Doom had a baby with James Camerons ""Alien."""
76561198213532837,Recommended,208200,20567529,"Posted: 16 January, 2016",all,yawa ka wang,three of the best FPS games of all time perfectly remastered and just as fun and BADASS!!! AS EVEA
76561197988356303,Recommended,208200,34470262,Posted: 24 August,all,nimble,ITS DOOM.....WHAT ELSE TO SAY? ...DUH
,Not Recommended,208200,35211352,Posted: 25 September,all,Stuxinator,"If you want to play Doom 3, just buy the standard version, don't bother with this ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t. Every time I try to load it up, I have a new problem that requires up to an hour of googling and troublshooting to fix.All that being said, when the game works, it's great, but I've spent as much time getting the game to work as I've spent playing it at this point."
,Recommended,208200,24690275,"Posted: 3 August, 2016",all,§ΓφЯΣ™,it's doom so what do u think ?
,Recommended,208200,34471584,Posted: 24 August,all,lams,scary shooter
,Recommended,208200,2915958,"Posted: 23 December, 2012",all,Pfisi,2 Words ! CHAINSAW MASSACRE ! =D
76561197960853533,Not Recommended,208200,33112190,Posted: 1 July,all,Skididly,"I own an original copy of Doom 3, I love this game. My wife used to call it my ""what the f*** is that! game"" because that's what she'd hear me yell while playing it.Taking screen shots to compair the two, I think the BFG copy actually looks worse.It's brighter, grainier and blury.As best I can tell the only improvement this has is more resolution options so you can set native resolution of 1080. Texture quality is no better and there are actually LESS options in the settings.I had to download a 4gb 3rd party texture pack to get the result I was expecting.I can just 3rd party patch my original doom3 for free.Really disappointed.Not worth the purchase even on sale."
,Recommended,208200,12355921,"Posted: 3 October, 2014",all,rretro,"♥♥♥♥ING LOVE IT M80, SOLID AS ♥♥♥♥ 69/60"
76561197992764918,Not Recommended,208200,26269050,"Posted: 28 October, 2016",all,Rickityr3kt,"Buggy game, apparently somehow used or activated console when that was never the case so no achievements, graphics look like♥♥♥♥♥♥even max settings. Compared with FEAR, its crap. Only saving grace might be the old doom games and even then you can get it elsewhere for cheaper with more levels and mods. Spend your money elsewhere."
,Recommended,208200,22708680,"Posted: 29 April, 2016",all,"Beauregard ""Buck"" Tudrussell","Excellent games, they just don't make shooters like this anymore -- legitimately hard on the hardest difficulty, without relying on AI with hax"
76561198056186683,Not Recommended,208200,26593603,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,GuyOnAChair,Not impressed. I guess the HUD stretches in the original but otherwise no improvements except for a torso mounted flashlight that seems redundant because of how much they've toned down the darkness and might bother the purists. There's no option to siwtch back to the old flashlight either and it doesn't look even 1% better than the original especially because of how the lighting looks now. You are better off with the original and a texture pack as there aren't a lot of video options compared to the original either. The lack of Steamworkshop support is also a shame.
,Recommended,208200,9242646,"Posted: 23 February, 2014",all,khremsauce,"Dont buy this piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥  You can't change any of the graphical settings, it doesn't run on AMD machines properly without a patch, and it also needs to be in compatibility mode for you to have audio.♥♥♥♥"
76561197970538611,Recommended,208200,17422748,"Posted: 6 August, 2015",all,Westenra,"This pussified version of Doom 3 brightens the game world considerably, removes the flashlight mechanic, and doubles the amount of available ammo, turning it into a cake-walk. I breezed through it on Veteran difficulty. If you've never played it before I'd recommend the original instead. If you have played the original, well, it's still Doom 3-- lengthy campaign, fun combat, runs like a dream on modern systems and the new achievements make it worth another go-around.Also included is the first expansion pack, Resurrection of Evil: a quality add-on, but also simplified in depressing ways. Certain areas have been removed for whatever reason, and you no longer need oxygen to traverse the toxic sections, completely removing the suspense. There's the Lost Missions, a brand new expansion exclusive to the BFG edition, which is essentially the ""Blue Shift"" of the two in which you play a surviving Alpha Squad marine attempting to shut down the portal. Highly recommended if you can't get enough Doom 3.Then there's Doom 1 and 2. These are both legendary shooters that have been modified to run on modern computers without the need for source-ports like Zdoom or Boom. Unfortunately, that means they also lack a quicksave function, crosshairs, or the ability to jump. The aiming system is also a little off. I did appreciate the new variety of monster dialogue, a healthy combination of remixed growls and grunts. Doom is far from perfect-- sometimes it takes one shotgun blast to kill an Imp, but other times it takes two. The second two episodes feel thrown together and pale in comparison to Knee Deep in the Dead and the more recent Thy Flesh Consumed . Lastly, the invisio-sphere is still the most useless powerup in the history of FPS. It causes enemies to miss-- sometimes. If you like to strafe left and right like an OLDSCHOOL FPS PLAYER this means that nine times out of ten you will sidestep DIRECTLY INTO ENEMY FIRE.Doom 2 is a tedious bore and I could never understand the appeal of it. The maps are giant mazes that lack any sort of context. I only ever used it to mod levels with the new enemies and Super Shotgun. This version, however, contains another brand-new episode, ""No Rest For The Living,"" that is stellar and worth the full price alone."
76561198063866336,Not Recommended,208200,13051193,"Posted: 22 November, 2014",all,phil-leeson,"What a load of crap Steam is , let face it they do not care as long as thay get your money , the game has had problems from the word go , they should get a fix for the game but no they cannot be bothered . service is very slow , the whole system sucks ."
,Recommended,208200,33373344,Posted: 8 July,all,Atlas1205,"I had to come back to this game after that piece of wanna-be-the-classic, absolute garbage made in 2016 left some rotten bad smell in my hard drive :/"
76561198254885836,Not Recommended,208200,25861042,"Posted: 4 October, 2016",all,Gandalf420,every time i try to load the game it crashes and my laptop meets the requirments i want a refund
,Not Recommended,208200,28730758,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,Zeks,"It's a good VR game, but I cant rate this as a good one. Whoever decided to make Doom into a jumpscare rollercoaster deserves to be placed on that station with a water gun."
76561198067867984,Not Recommended,208200,32786622,Posted: 25 June,all,Captain Autism,"Allthough the graphics are outdated and the gameplay is a bit bland, the game seems to be a bit fun if you are bored enough and want to kill something using many of the different weapons the game has to offer. All in all the game would have been fine if it were not for the game breaking bug about half way through the game, I could see through the map/walls and my guns looked like a ghost. It was hurting my eyes too much and I could not see where I was going."
76561198019556056,Not Recommended,208200,27830886,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,maximus3000sa,"Couldn't get this to run on Windows 10, tried all the fixes, how disappointing."
,Recommended,208200,10203200,"Posted: 22 May, 2014",all,TwoCatsYelling,"Game definitely looks better with the enhanced graphics.There seems to be something 'off' with the shooting, though. Targets seem to not register hits at all, even when they're standing right in front of me and I'm blasting them in the face with a shotgun, the shots do not register at all.This struck me odd, as I played the original D3 and  don't rememberthat being an issue. Just to make sure, I went and installed my original D3 and tried it. It didn't have that same problem. Shots register consistently with the original D3.Very odd.So, not crazy about wasting ammo on shots that go right through the target. Not sure I'd recommend this version for that.It's still a nice buy for D1 and 2, though."
76561198033239584,Not Recommended,208200,12719722,"Posted: 31 October, 2014",all,=(e)= Alpaca Stan,"Constantly crashes on Windows 7, good thing it wasn't too expensive over the summer sale."
,Not Recommended,208200,33279825,Posted: 5 July,all,G.E.W.H. Isaac Clarke,"Bad game, sloppy commands, slow enemies, screwed up checkpoints and even if it's the BFG edition it's still as dark as SHEET! Buy instead the second, it's better under ANY aspect!"
76561197997840319,Not Recommended,208200,23182131,"Posted: 24 May, 2016",all,shadow125,"I picked this up a while back super cheep on sale but didn't touch it for the longest time. Why? becasue I remember playing the demo and not careing for it. I come back many years later to try it with a fresh perspective and it instantly hit me WHY i didn't care for it. It's not a doom game. It's a DOOM themed generic survival horror game, a genre I care as much about as I do cow clickers on mobile.Why do I say its not a doom game? DOOM was never a slow paced plodding Survival Horror game where you had to ultra carefully concerve ammo and all your pick ups blend into the enviroment giving you zero indication they are there unless you happen to walk over them. It was a fast paced blow them all the way ""RIP AND TEAR"" game where it usealy proveded you with plenty of ammo even if you were relivily careless about how you fired it. It was a maze like gauntlet game. Doom 3 is nothing but bad lighting and unsuprising jump scares. This pack isnt even worth it for the clasic games. get them seperatly and then you can do all the fun mods you have seen as well as the classic doom cheat codes also work (dont lie we all used them IDKFA for the win) neither of which work with this version."
76561197991303896,Not Recommended,208200,30249686,Posted: 28 February,all,TDuke,It is still a bad game (even with the flashlight mod as standard). Doom 1 and 2 need to be started with the launcher and are not listed separately which makes playing mods a pain.
,Recommended,208200,24696184,"Posted: 3 August, 2016",all,PAN Mirek,Better than new DooM.
76561198008832243,Not Recommended,208200,30924978,Posted: 3 April,all,asmith4054,"Greetings allSteam will not refund my purchase price because they say I have played the game for 15 hours.I find that interesting when I have never played the game and each time I try, I get the following screen message.Would love to play the game so if anyone can assist me I would be most appreciative.Thank you all ...AlanfragmentShader gui.vfpLink called without any attached shader objects.--------- Game Map Shutdown ------------------------------------------------0: Speakers (High Definition Audio Device)2 channels, 44100 HzFront Left and Front RightDefault Console Device, Multimedia Device, Communications Device, and Game DeviceUsing device 0********************ERROR: While linking GLSL program 0 with vertexShader gui.vfp and fragmentShader gui.vfp********************Error during initializationShutting down OpenGL subsystem...wglMakeCurrent( NULL, NULL ): success...deleting GL context: success...releasing DC: success...destroying window...resetting display...shutting down QGL...unloading OpenGL DLL"
,Not Recommended,208200,11488592,"Posted: 31 July, 2014",all,Count Cuckula,This game also comes with Doom 1 and 2. Doom 3 is as ugly as a fresh elephant turd even for the time it was released. Gameplay is slower than the other dooms and the enemies look extremely stupid.
76561198026398890,Recommended,208200,34402557,Posted: 21 August,all,HEXIIN,"This is easyily one of the best RPG's of my time, absolutely rules over the new DOOM (or doom 4 as I cal it). Seeing as this is the BFG version the difficulty is way down, oh well.So I'm playing on hard - no doubt I'll fiinsh it on that level as I did before on the original which was much harder - only thing is - if you ever open the console even once (even by mistake and not even try enter a coe) - even in another game, you will NEVER get an aheivement from this game ever again. Thats wrong - I'm not a trophy hunter but when I beat a game in hard at least acnoledge that.But w/e games like perfect as opposed to doom 4. Enjoy."
,Not Recommended,208200,32158676,Posted: 3 June,all,BlockGrylls,dosent feel too good
76561198286767508,Not Recommended,208200,24065609,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,bigrxremixn,it wont let me play it all ways just comes up and says GL_ARB_draw_elements_base_vertex not available
76561198129163984,Recommended,208200,24071158,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,JaimeModafocaTytysMcSwag69,PEWPEWPWPEPWEWPEWPEPWEPWEPWPEWPWBANGBANGPEEWPEWPEWPEWPEWPEWPPBANGBANGBANGBANGPEWPEWEWPEWPEWPEWPEWPEPWEPWEPWPEEPWPEWPEPWEPWPEPWEPWPEPWPWEBANGBANGBANGBANGBANGBANGBANGBANGPEWPEWPEWPEWEPEWPEPWPEPWE
76561198341444146,Not Recommended,208200,35171513,Posted: 23 September,all,abhijeetphatak123,the game dont even start
76561198054234829,Not Recommended,208200,33619351,Posted: 17 July,all,Tibarnius,Filled to the very brim with jump scares. So many that you will be more annoyed than scared. Completely killed any atmosphere the game was trying to build
,Not Recommended,208200,12942375,"Posted: 14 November, 2014",all,SunderlolARG,Shotgun sucks.
,Recommended,208200,26084132,"Posted: 17 October, 2016",all,Abysmal Helix,"Doom 3 is about 10x better than the new 2016 Doom. The game has the classic dodge and shoot feel of the original DOOM, while somehow managing to bring you into a world where you are terrified, at the edge of your seat, and excited for the storyline to continue all at the same time.The game was way ahead of its time, polished very well and does what many games fail to do; balance skill based mechanics vs luck based ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t very well in order to provide a very enjoyable experience.The game is well polished with very intriguing PDA data logs, videos, and sound clips that will keep you begging for more. In my humble opinion, it is the pinnacle of the DOOM franchise. Even when compared to todays games, it is sure to inspire and keep you interested.9.5/10 - One of the best games ever made."
76561198290243358,Not Recommended,208200,28941772,Posted: 2 January,all,bhrondeau,"Really? No support for joysticks, even in the ORIGINAL DOOM and DOOM2? Functionality REMOVED?Unreal.Not recommended, as not everyone is either a console jockey or limits themselves to a keyboard & mouse."
76561197992394797,Not Recommended,208200,33940370,Posted: 31 July,all,kenna81,"Doesn`t work on my computer. Installed it, re-installed it but stops running at the same spot. Steam notifies me that its running but then nothing after vcredist package install. Total crap!"
76561198043272841,Not Recommended,208200,12369567,"Posted: 4 October, 2014",all,thomas1748,Game sucks will not work at all in windows 8.1 with the latest windows drivers Do not bother with this crap
,Recommended,208200,23034026,"Posted: 17 May, 2016",all,(•‿•) ßärräcüdä,Great game. Missed it on release and only first played it in 2015. Enjoyed it a lot non-the-less. It is nice when you can just find some really awesome games just like that and enjoy them. Especially when nothing alike is released.
76561197991368766,Not Recommended,208200,33243847,Posted: 4 July,all,Shrike,Doesn't work on Windows 10.
,Not Recommended,208200,31287492,Posted: 21 April,all,Avatoriz,I am a Doom fan but found this game boring I hate to say. Love the series but bored playing this one.
,Not Recommended,208200,9025668,"Posted: 8 February, 2014",all,Hinsonator,"While this game has been improved slightly most of these ""improvments"" eather brake the game or make it bad.1. Modding has been removedModding is a big thing with ID, Valve and GPC games in general, games like Counter-Strike and Killing Floor wouldent exist without modding2. The game was built arround a controller.Yes i know, a PC company designs a PC game arround a controller while it is still fairly playable with a keyboard and mouse they changed the in-game touch screens and the PDA menu to work better with a controller, while it isn't a bad thing they should of kept the old cursor and PDA menu for us PC gamers who play the game the way it's ment to be played.3. The shoulder mounted torch.I persenally liked that the torch was a weapon that had to be pulled out for it to work, i mean it can be useful but this isn't AvP2 or Half-Life.4. No multiplayer in the classics.While this does let you play the classics you can't play multiplayer or co-op and like the ""main"" game (i say main but i really mean DooM 2 since this is DOOM 2 and the originals are just an optional extra the devs wanted to give you) the originals in DOOM 2 BFG aren't moddable and it's impossible to get No Rest For the Living in shareware DOOM so you can play it through a source port like ZDooM or DOOMsday.5. DOOM and The Ultimate Shareware DOOM.There are a few more problems with this game that i've seen like making the game a little too easy for the console kiddies and casual GPC gamers.Although there are a few good improvements like Multiplayer now works through Steam now and there is a Capture The Flag gamemode in normal DooM 2.In general i'd say get the normal DOOM and it's expansion as quickly as you can because Zenimax will probably remove all the original DOOMs from Steam so people buy ID's new games."
76561198078627587,Not Recommended,208200,23188911,"Posted: 24 May, 2016",all,tastygoodguys,"Doom 1 and 2 are fun but doom 3 sucks♥♥♥♥♥ it's just so awful and boring. It's also total bs and just not fun, I wouldn't recomend this game."
76561197991403562,Not Recommended,208200,12886393,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,CNN is FAKE NEWS,Gotta down vote due to lack of coop and mod support...
76561198352703033,Not Recommended,208200,31170079,Posted: 15 April,all,charlestraylor58,love the game of doom3bfg recomend it to anyone to buy an purchase but diont buy the game that is doom to latest because i have and since thursday still trying to get it to update and recieved no support at all fro steam so take care of what you buy from them now on i will buy iit old way of going to store to purchase because the support you do not recieve from here is inexcusable believe me
76561198254721507,Not Recommended,208200,26013234,"Posted: 13 October, 2016",all,ezoe,"Ever since original DOOM 3 was released, I always wanted to play the game. After all, it's the DOOM. It shouldn't be that bad. Right? So I purchased this DOOM 3 remake(or more like modern WIndows port)I was wrong.Technically(as a software), it's not bad. But the gameplay was so boring.I could only stand for 2 hours so I haven't experienced all of it, But I can't waste my time on this anymore.All guns I used so far was so pathetic. No recoils, cheap sound, it feels so weak.When you shoot the enemies, They shows the least amount of knockback and still managed to walk like nothing is happening right now while I constantly shooting with full auto rifle on them.At the early stage, I died because the building above the the stair I was climing corrupted without any warnings and I die because I hit the seemingly light object.Come on. The player stand dozens of bullets but can't stand a tiny card board box?Then, I encounter the cheapest horror surprise.You know there used to be a cheap horror animated gif or flash animation that makes you concentrate somehow(like solving a maze, simple math question, or porn), then, screen suddenly flashing with loud screaming sound.That's cheap horror surprise.This game does that!Seriously?I lost all hope for this game that moment and I quit the game to write this review.There is nothing funny about this game. Your gaming time should better be spent on any other game than this cheap boring game.DO NOT BUY THIS GAME."
76561198012620303,Not Recommended,208200,28596966,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,meoget,"Doom 3 is terrible. It is pretty much Rage, with old graphics and a flashlight. The gunplay and enemy scripting is frustrating, and for me, just ruins the game. The ambiance and tense nature of the game could have made it amazing, but the core gunplay/fighting mechanism just doesn't work for me."
,Not Recommended,208200,33902283,Posted: 30 July,all,omjegdørInatt,Doom 3 & expansions review:Difficulty selection just for lulz. Highest difficulty just made me to press the LMB and run straight forward;Broken alt+tab;Only the master volume in settings. It's hard to determine voices when the background noise is ♥♥♥♥♥♥ loud;No subtitles;FPS drops on gtx970 (TERALUL);No atmosphere.WELL DONE: 5/10
76561197989758447,Not Recommended,208200,34347618,Posted: 19 August,all,Barcheil,"How many ways do I dislike Doom BFGdoom 3 rehash portion1) All the weapons suck, sound bad, feel bad, can't be aimed, really poorly balanced.2) Especially bad shotgun, really not doom at all, shockingly bad shotgun2) At least there is a torch, just a really crap torch.3) Really lame critter spawns, yeah hah hah occasionaly from behind but not nearly every time.4) Really bad music, I mean it is seriously annoying and can't be turned off, one volume control for all.5) I get the impression, they really did not give one crap about the quality of the update, just milk the mug punters for more money.Do not buy, do not play, not unless you want your memories of doom ruined by lame♥♥♥♥♥♥developer greed."
,Not Recommended,208200,32951764,Posted: 28 June,all,Lord Death-Em-Up,The graphics and gameplay seem to be worse than when it originally came out...
,Not Recommended,208200,23371441,"Posted: 3 June, 2016",all,*Logan*,"Doom 3 is an amazing game that has grown to be a favourite of mine.When I was younger, I used to get uncomfortable and edgy playing this game, and never managed to finish it.Playing Doom 3 in the dark with 5.1 surround can be somewhat frightening...I recently beat it though after all these years and had some fun with it on Steam.Anyway, you are here for a review on this...pure dog turd of a remake.I'm writing this assuming and hoping you are familiar with Doom 3.Maybe you've played it, or maybe you've beaten it, but I'm sure you recall some of the core mechanics of the game.Basic features like ZOOM, and changing FOV in the console to that exact # that works for you were second nature.Regularily used gameplay mechanics like swapping to the infinite power flashlight to see around those dark corners, then swapping back to your gun also were forced to become second nature to you as you played.Well, this game gives you a middle finger when you attempt to use the console now, with a big message that shows up telling you that since you ""accessed the console"" you will no longer earn ""steam achievments"" in this save.Excuse me!? All I did was change my FOV, and this is what happens?If you don't care about achievements, that's all fine and good, but that is part of the reason I wanted this game and being told off for changing FOV is not appreciated.Strike 1.Can you believe it? They removed the ZOOM function for everything. You can NO LONGER ZOOM in a first person shooter. You could zoom in doom 3 and pretty much every other FPS, but here? NO!? WHAT?Strike 2.So, the flashlight is now built into my gun, I no longer have to change to a flashlight to use one, I can simply turn it on all the time. Well, Doom 3 just lost it's atmosphere which is one of the best parts of the game.Using a gun in the darkness while zombies come at you, while being blasted by fireballs  tossing imps is stressful, especially in the dark. Flashing lights, and blinking computers illuminate the battle, and you swap to your flashlight to get a quick glance as you run away and reload your gun. But now, I can have a constant flashlight on all the time as I easily see everything and fire away fearlessly. This is a hit and miss, but for me, it's a MISS.Strike 3.Other smaller details have been changed in a negative way. In Doom 3 when you get an email, a little bar appears on your screen that says ""new email"". That's gone now.Also, the PDA layout has changed in a way that is far less appealing. Sometimes, it's the little things that matter too.I wonder if the addition of Bethesda to this game somehow ruined it? I'm going to go with yes.Avoid this game! If you are going to play Doom 3, PLEASE, get the original instead. It's cheaper and it's MUCH better.As a dedicated fan of Doom 3, please, take my advice and save your money."
76561198262121130,Not Recommended,208200,33079883,Posted: 1 July,all,Namtab114,I can play DOOM 1 and 2 but not 3.EDIT: just getting Doom 3 works NOT BFG edition
,Recommended,208200,30407829,Posted: 9 March,all,UncleKitchener,"Identical to original Doom3 release with some changes here and there. I don't like the lack of zoom function is this version, but the game still fun. I would've preferred having both the regular flashlight and the shoulder mounted one, but since this is a console port, it's understandable that things had to be streamlined.The classic games and their wads are a welcome, but I only wanted the extra Doom II episode. There are some sound issues and the wads, especially the censored Doom II wad can cause incompaibility with a lot of source ports.Still worth getting for quick access to all Doom-related content and doesn't take much hard drive space."
76561198050170304,Recommended,208200,28282605,"Posted: 9 December, 2016",all,rhocatz,Good guns. Good zombies. Fast action. Nice graphics. Smooth play.  Solid story. 10/10
,Recommended,208200,3283236,"Posted: 19 October, 2012",all,dagamdagee,"It's Doom 3. You either dig it or you don't. Looks good, but the textures and animation are definitely dated. The lighting and atmosphere, though, is still fantastic."
76561197977800934,Recommended,208200,10138503,"Posted: 16 May, 2014",all,Stan,"This is a great edition of ""All Things Doom"" to have in your library. The new BFG edition adds lot's of tweaks and enhancements for modern computers, runs smooths, great FPS gameplay and lot's of content to enjoy. My original playthrough was quite the fun and scary experience. I'm happy to have this anthology edition in my Steam Game Library."
76561197992245960,Recommended,208200,10140159,"Posted: 16 May, 2014",all,starboy,"wanna♥♥♥♥♥♥your pants and enjoy killing lots of satan ♥♥♥♥♥♥es then this is your game, yes it's scary and yes you'll notice the game ain't new BUT this is a classic!"
,Recommended,208200,10104286,"Posted: 13 May, 2014",all,✪ ♛HuffDaddy™,"This game is amazing. I beat Doom 3, Doom 3's expansion, and The Lost Mission. I dove deep into Doom 1 and 2 as well. Doom is a great example of creepiness and erie scenerys. If you wan't an awesome, bloody, and bad*** game then go for the BFG edition!Pros: Great atmosphere that keeps you on your toes, varied enemies, solid textures, fun gameplayCons: Lackluster multiplayer, the removal of the handheld flashlight, Repetitive corridors and roomsI would also like to make note that it seems like the developers primarilly improved the graphics more so  later in the game. When you first start, the graphics seem to still be slim and old."
76561198093584531,Recommended,208200,10116138,"Posted: 14 May, 2014",all,-d00d-,Pure. Fun.
,Recommended,208200,10121582,"Posted: 15 May, 2014",all,A  SMALL MAUS,Great game. everything you could want from doom. best game package i have ever bought :)
76561198050611289,Recommended,208200,10266384,"Posted: 28 May, 2014",all,LJhasmycandy,Doom 4 should've hit before Wolfenstein.
76561198028542964,Recommended,208200,10271476,"Posted: 28 May, 2014",all,Kai,"This game is amazing...... just buy it, no need to look at anything else, just buy it if you like blood and gore and fighting demons like a boss"
,Recommended,208200,10426559,"Posted: 11 June, 2014",all,danni,yeah its amazeballs. shame about the descision to change the flashlight behaviour. an option to change it back to the classic method would be apreciated.
76561198071985890,Not Recommended,208200,10499091,"Posted: 16 June, 2014",all,Doombringer,"Awful, full of bugs and gitches. Got stuck towards the end of the game where i can't climb back up the ladder after calling the loading platform in site 3."
76561198043047462,Recommended,208200,10487677,"Posted: 15 June, 2014",all,Tabby Slime,"If you are fed up with Generic Shooter No2000, I would reccomend picking this up.Sure, Doom 1 and 2 look really old now and Doom 3 isn't the most original of shooters, but even in their old age, they are still solid games worth playing.Doom 1 and 2 are easily worth the price of entry and thankfully, Bethesda have made changes to the controls to make them more useable without having to seach for  a program like ZDoom. Of course, that option is still there if you still want to use extra programs.Level design wise, they are a breath of fresh demonic air in comparison to all of the linear shooters of modern times. Exploration and thorough searching will net you much needed supplies which can mean the difference betweeen life and death in later maps.The enemy variety is something to admire too. Gone are modern shooter's variety of 'Guy with gun' or 'Guy with slightly different gun' and in comes the armies of hell itself with basic enemies consisting of Zombies, Fire-throwing Imps and the mass-mobbing of 'Pinky' Demons, with the enemy selection getting bigger and nastier from there.Doom 3 trades in the open level design for Sci-fi horror asthetics. While many did not like the change (and I can't blame them), I still find Doom 3 worth a look, especially now that they have fixed the flashlight problems of the original release.If all of that still hasn't sold you; Wieldable. Chainsaws.Rip and Tear."
,Recommended,208200,10184035,"Posted: 20 May, 2014",all,keeghanr,best of doom all three games in one
,Recommended,208200,10398343,"Posted: 8 June, 2014",all,Balisticsman,"I played this game to death back on original xbox and love to play it with a higher resolution and a flashlight on my gun! Great fun and can still be scary!I also enjoy the package deal of all the different dooms with lost missions and all. It is a great combo and is a fun play.I recommend playing some form of casual music such as ""do the hustle"" why playing and it will be a whole new experience! lolA+ Good Fun with a little scary!"
,Not Recommended,208200,10400443,"Posted: 8 June, 2014",all,Sebakan,"This version is a really mess. First, problems to run Open GL, probably you must fix this adding a command line to the startup configuration. This will make you run the game in windowed mode. Then, the controls, the XBox 360 control doesn't  work... so, stay away from this version if you want to remember this game how great it was..."
76561198032649011,Recommended,208200,10401038,"Posted: 8 June, 2014",all,Mudkipman98,"This is a great game in the DOOM series, and it did many things right.  Unfortunately, the first two levels are comprised completely of jump scares.  After that though, it gets really good.  It isn't like the old games, but that doesn't make it bad.  It's a good way to transition to the new age first person shooters like COD or Halo because it blends gameplay elements of the new games with the inventory of the past system and difficulty.  This means, you still have 100 health, 125 shields, and a full set of weapons without having to shift.  It isn't as much run as gun as I would want, but that play style isn't for everyone.  If you're looking for a way to relive the gameplay of the old games with the feel of new horror games like Dead Space.  It's worth the money, but make sure you get the BFG edition.  That is, unless you want to heavily mod your game.  BFG is not easy to mod at all, so if you're looking for modification to an already great game, go with the normal copy of the game. :)"
76561197963198347,Recommended,208200,10402666,"Posted: 8 June, 2014",all,ChrisVirus7,Good if you are in a mood to just shoot things.
76561197972784218,Recommended,208200,603089,"Posted: 19 October, 2012",all,Nightshades,its classic doom but now remaster in HD!
76561198034747087,Recommended,208200,10320101,"Posted: 1 June, 2014",all,Dark_Knigget,"For those who haven't experienced DooM, get this! It is amazing to go back and play these games and see just how much fun they are."
76561198031305089,Not Recommended,208200,4049332,"Posted: 20 June, 2013",all,the actual worst,"How would you like to play 30 hours of a game and do what any good Christian who games would do by attempting to open every door in that up and up to that point? Now how would you like your progression beyond that point to be completely halted because of a game-breaking bug that Bethesda has known about since release? Now how would you feel knowing that the devs knew that the bug existed, refused to fix it themselves, and instead blame the players for attempting to open a door where they shouldn't have opened it?!/Uninstall Doom 3"
76561198090864555,Recommended,208200,10305109,"Posted: 31 May, 2014",all,MarilynM,Just great ! Excellent ! Do play it NOW !
76561197998935647,Recommended,208200,1857739,"Posted: 9 November, 2012",all,The Empty Space,"The graphic/texture update makes this game look vibrant just like when I saw it in 2004. The character models are, of course, a bit dated. The sound has been tweaked up as well to still get those scary moments. The flashlight doesn't require a switch anymore, but pretty sure we all got that mod soon after the original release. New levels + the first two doom games running on a modern OS = win."
76561198000444410,Recommended,208200,1971990,"Posted: 29 December, 2012",all,Compy439,Its Doom! What else is there to say?
,Recommended,208200,8458505,"Posted: 31 December, 2013",all,Nipples,Nothing like good ol classic DOOM and DOOM II
,Recommended,208200,8380037,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,Dr. Agon,"For a veteran doom player this release of DOOM 3 is a nice change of pace. Having played the original and tons of mods since its release, this version is a fun, fast and good looking way to enjoy doom 3 and its extra levels. If you are going to the original experience, I highly recommend obtaining the original release as its much more immersive and enjoyable and tons of levels."
76561198035078640,Recommended,208200,8563111,"Posted: 4 January, 2014",all,Chicago Ted,old school is the best school.
76561197975903013,Recommended,208200,8384009,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,Dempsey,All i have to say is thank you.
,Recommended,208200,8426803,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,Braneman,"On the one hand this is doom 3 with better graphics and sensible resolution options, on the other hand you can no longer skip cutscenes."
76561198067612280,Recommended,208200,8431927,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,Weed|Dinosaur,"One of the best Game Collections you can buy. Doom 1, Doom 2 and Doom 3 + ALL (!) Expansions.Definetly Awesome!"
,Recommended,208200,594486,"Posted: 16 October, 2012",all,🎃 ゾーン「Pumpkin Zone」,blinded by the light
76561198067382546,Recommended,208200,8378928,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,Starcat,"You cant go wrong with this package! absolutely great however, if your using an amd card, you may need to fix some settings. if thats too much for you, start a privat mach in multiplayer in doom 3, and after the game starts up exit multiplayer and go to doom 3's campaign. without this process the single player wouldnt work for some reason but its alll worth it in the end. Note: this only applies to those using amd software for graphics cards. and you will need to do this every time you start up the game"
,Recommended,208200,8415578,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,Ganso,"I have played Doom 3 back when it was released and I loved it, it is seriously a hardcore shooter when played on hard because it forces you be very careful, thus increasing tension. It is not really scary. The BFG edition includes some extra levels, which are very repetitive and boring, but then before it ends it gets a bit challenging. Since the Main game has many levels you need to be patient to get through them all as the story develops very slowly."
76561197982585547,Recommended,208200,8355422,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,ReVaN,"Still an♥♥♥♥♥kicking classic. Highly recommended for anyone who hasn't played it, for those who have, it's never a bad idea to play it again."
,Recommended,208200,8355673,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,Party Yeen,"This product is a culmination of most of Doom's history: Doom, Doom II, No Rest For the Living, Doom 3, Resurrection of Evil, and The Lost Mission all in one package for a relatively low price. The game is not entirely perfect. Mods for the original version of Doom 3 will not work with this version. Also the red crosses and Wolfenstein levels for Doom II have been censored, but these can easily be restored via a small mod (be sure to search for it).One thing that cannot be overstated how awesome it is in this version of Doom 3 is the changes to the flashlight. In the original version the flashlight was treated as a weapon, which meant that at any given time you could either see in the dark or hold your gun, but not both. This time the flashlight is armor mounted, meaning you can actually see where you are shooting. This makes the Doom 3 experience vastly more enjoyable.Overall this is a very good package."
,Recommended,208200,8357418,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,StatTrak™ Kanye West | Fade,Probably the best FPS' ull ever play.  All I've played is DOOM 1 so far but its better than just about anything(except Half Life 2).  Nothing beats Half Life 2(When it comes to FPS)
,Recommended,208200,8357958,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,pips,definitely a classic that every idSoftware fan needs to have in their collection
,Recommended,208200,8667635,"Posted: 11 January, 2014",all,thekingpinfac.,"This game is very amazing. The number trilogy is awesome aswell, so you get Doom 1, 2, and 3. If any of you gamers out there that like horror games and want a good scare then get yourself this game, turn up the volume, turn off the lights and play it alone. Not only is this game awesome, it features lots of things that other games do not have. The First Doom and the Third Doom are the best in my opinion."
76561197964613445,Recommended,208200,8535137,"Posted: 3 January, 2014",all,DragonDabZ,classic
76561198041173375,Recommended,208200,4726453,"Posted: 3 August, 2013",all,JacquesPatat,"The only thing what i can say about this edition is, is that visually Doom 3 as been update a bit, but not much. Doom 3 had its one or two moments of frights, but all the frights you will expect. The nice thing about the this edition is, is that Doom 1 & 2 is include, also the two expansion for Doom 3 as also been include. As usual, steam/valve has included the steam achievements for the Doom games. But Still, the Doom games are good game to play once in a while."
76561198044257039,Recommended,208200,8500115,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,CTM:GrUnk-D4m3R956_,Pretty fun game.
76561197971031129,Recommended,208200,8500273,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,General POS,"What a fun collection!  The Doom 3 upgrade (you can hold a weapon AND a flashlight) is a nice touch.  I loved the little ""extras"" the programers built in like a post-it note with the unlock code on the storage bin or like the halarious emails in the various PDAs you recoverd (HR messages SO true to life, SPAM, chain emails, etc.).  The game constantly startled me too so not a good thing if you have a heart condition, but I just loved it!  Another thing that was very innovative when first released and holds up great over time are the various points in the game where you have to control equipment through various user interfaces.  Another nice touch by the programmers.  I give this game two thumbs up!  And at 50+ hrs of game play on the single player for less than $5 on sale, I call it a hell of a bargain too!"
76561198091065031,Recommended,208200,8501424,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,Syno-IWNL,"Doom 3 is a different game. Well atleast I think it is. Its a great FPS and great horror too. It has a lengthy campaign,which is awesome. It has an occasional jumpscare every once and a while. Overall this game is really great! 10/10"
,Recommended,208200,8502839,"Posted: 2 January, 2014",all,fes808,"Fixed the dumb flashlight problem with an ""armor mounted"" so you can shoot and see in the dark. Nice remake of Doom and Doom 2 but cheats were removed. Major thumbs down."
,Recommended,208200,8496297,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,Old Surpris,.
,Recommended,208200,489121,"Posted: 22 February, 2013",all,oldfunker,For enthusiasts only.You reveive better graphics bu it looks like kinda 'too clean'.A custom community mod looks almost the same but preserving the dark grunge atmosphere feeling.Additionally classic doom I & II can pe played including mouse support. IWADs not supported :-(
76561198053329252,Recommended,208200,8486920,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,Dragonlordxiii,Amazing FPS horror survival. You owe it to your self as a gamer to play the franchise that lead FPS gaming to what it is now.
,Recommended,208200,5055827,"Posted: 2 August, 2013",all,Dungmonkey,Like Horror?  Like being scared to turn around? Have a small recognition of what doom is?Well then if you answered yes to any of these questions GET TEH GAME. ( Oh and completley forget about old doom formulas)
,Recommended,208200,6572258,"Posted: 25 July, 2013",all,SkyMaster,"This game comes with Doom, Doom 2, and Doom 3 with all DLC for only 20 bucks! It is a no brainer. Buy this game now and start slaying demons!"
76561198062588767,Recommended,208200,6270728,"Posted: 26 October, 2012",all,Forbidzero,Great remake and added features
,Recommended,208200,8229362,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,SharkPit,My childhood relived...that is all...so for me I am biased with this game I am loving it....if i had more time I'd love it more but hey ho thats life :)
,Recommended,208200,8231438,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,Rhadamanthos,"Classic game, worth spending a few bucks to replay. Plus with BFG edition you get a bit more storyline. From THE man himself John Carmack, the only thing missing was a Nine Inch Nails soundtrack."
,Recommended,208200,8367352,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,Bravo_Actual86,"What else can you say?  Doom is one of the pioneers of the FPS genre.  For 5 bucks, you get Doom, Doom2, Doom3 and the expansions!  I miss the days of the old run n gun with the chainsaw and the BFG."
76561198023893245,Not Recommended,208200,10106192,"Posted: 13 May, 2014",all,Magic Pouf Pouf,"It doesn't work... When you start doom 3 or resurrection of evil, it always crash... It's deceiving to pay for a game that don't work..."
76561198071705115,Recommended,208200,10246614,"Posted: 26 May, 2014",all,tebaggin78,cant get to work and I'm not the only one!!! Where's the help steam? There doesnt seem to be a fix that works
76561198037257370,Recommended,208200,10144178,"Posted: 16 May, 2014",all,Sea Lawyer,Pretty damn good!
76561198091910083,Not Recommended,208200,10171919,"Posted: 19 May, 2014",all,jay1897,"Only the older Doom games work, the newer updated doom 3 doesn't play.  It just crashes, big rip-off.  I want my 4.99 back.  Never buy full price for a product that may or may not work."
76561198083148062,Recommended,208200,10174726,"Posted: 19 May, 2014",all,Shlongknight,"The old school titles are great but....Can someone please fix the Main game? Whenever I play doom 3, it shows the opening cutscene and then crashes.."
76561198035012611,Recommended,208200,10162178,"Posted: 18 May, 2014",all,Macaroni Kid Lee,All of the Doom games. What more could you ask for
,Recommended,208200,1330303,"Posted: 14 July, 2013",all,BoyToy92,"""It's not just a must-have game; it's a keep-on-the-hard-drive-forever game"" stands true on Doom 3's part now that it also has the original ones packed with it, rip and tear!!!1666/5"
,Recommended,208200,11537411,"Posted: 3 August, 2014",all,agefreak,"Kick back with a 6 pack and a dosage of retro, as you blast your way through Ultimate Doom, Doom 2 and Doom 3! While the original 2 games never needed any ratification, I'm here to tell you that the third one, although quite old, packs a punch in its own right! The changes which the BFG edition has brought to the vanilla Doom 3 are instantaneously noticeable, and makes your experience all the more Doom-ier.Pick this beauty up on sale, and give it a playthrough before the next one comes out! :)"
,Recommended,208200,11517164,"Posted: 2 August, 2014",all,ioverlookedent,"Let me start by saying I LOVED the Doom games as a kid! (As of 2014 I'm 31) Loved em! Fast forward to today.  Finally got into PC gaming again last year. So Bought the BFG EDITION on steam summer sale and just got to play it. Now, this game doesn't know what I've been thru. Outlast, Amnesia, Slenderman and more recently Daylight. These as of late have set the standard for survival horror/straight up scared straight gaming experiences. BUT as I played this game I realized that if this had been 10yrs ago and if at right around that time i would of gotten back into PC gaming, this game would of scared the crapt out of me! Even  as I play it I realize how well done this game was for it being 10yrs old. The atmosphere is on point the jump out of nowhere monsters are well placed. It's a good game. But again I just finished Daylight yesterday. SO maybe i did this game a disservice with not playing the Original Doom 3 which I hear is def scarier/darker. Is there a setting for that? Played it about 30+ mins and have loved it so far. Seems campy in retrospect but it feels right for what would of been 2004 survival horror. Thumbs Up!"
76561198020725928,Recommended,208200,11526926,"Posted: 2 August, 2014",all,TheeLegend,epic game awesomely scarey at times as well
76561197980083122,Recommended,208200,11432868,"Posted: 27 July, 2014",all,blaircse,CLASSIC!!!
76561198142018186,Recommended,208200,12185030,"Posted: 22 September, 2014",all,BoneHead444,"I didn't like the horror spin added to the series. Hopefully this won't be a regular thing throughout DOOM as a whole, but all in all it was okay... not a step in the right derection, but okay. I Didnt like the tight corridors, the re-skinning of enemies, and the grey themed color scheme throughout the game. This makes me feel like im playing a mix between dead space, and amnesia this isn't DOOM.-6/10 A.K.A, meh"
,Recommended,208200,11982099,"Posted: 4 September, 2014",all,hlk24572,wont work on windows 8.1 professional but works on windows 7 64bit theres alot of cheaters/hackers on doom 3 but overall these are epic games i love them
,Recommended,208200,12047649,"Posted: 10 September, 2014",all,Literally Hitler,Doom 1 and 2 are awesome
,Recommended,208200,12018987,"Posted: 7 September, 2014",all,Squib,It's alright I guess
76561198107387457,Recommended,208200,12113084,"Posted: 15 September, 2014",all,Sleeps on concusions,"DOOM 3: BFG Edition is a very fun and scary game, great graphics (for it's time) memorable enemies with new design changes, and awesome weapons. Aside from DOOM 3, the game also comes with DOOM and DOOM II. One thing I disliked however, is that in the original DOOM 3, you could only use your flashlight seperate from your weapons, whilist in this one, you can use both at the same time, I really wish this was the same as original DOOM 3 because it adds to the horror, but other than that, this is an amazing game that I would recomend to any survival horror or FPS fan. 10/10 (P.S. I forgot to mention, DOOM 3: BFG Edition also comes with DOOM 3: Ressurection of Evil, and DOOM 3: The lost mission)"
,Recommended,208200,9954539,"Posted: 27 April, 2014",all,UndeadNecro,"A sweet return to the doom days. Includes all Doom titles and a few graphical tweaks on Doom 3. Only complaint is how they have completely removed the need for a flashlight, this really helped to add fear, do you have light, or a gun? Now it's just a shoulder mounted flashlight that was taken from a previous mod made by someone else."
,Recommended,208200,12104713,"Posted: 14 September, 2014",all,Mr. Sohta,Oh man. This game right here is Deadspace before Deadspace was a thing. It has Doom 1 and 2 in it which are classic mindless shooters. But them came Doom 3 and  man did things change! It has incredible graphics and storyline all while retainig the exact same feel that Doom players have come to love.
76561198066126411,Recommended,208200,11987801,"Posted: 5 September, 2014",all,m5c220,Why did i buy this game?? Because some ♥♥♥♥theads wrote good reviews on here. This game stinks more than me and i haven't showered in a month.  Im only recommend it on here so you tools might waste ur money and buy it. lol lol lol
76561198053075616,Recommended,208200,11947575,"Posted: 1 September, 2014",all,Ian Watchmann,"Not at all a bad game. It isn't too hard on Normal mode, however certain things can leave you calling ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t (such as when an enemy kills you in one hit, even though you had near-full health) and the ammo spreading is... generous when you first get the weapon, but later on you'll want to conserve ammo. I also have to complain about the shotgun, since it's FAR underpowered when compared to other games since you have to be standing no less than a meter to actually do damage with it. Great gameplay, okay story, terrible balancing. I feel bad for anyone who got the original, since in this game the biggest upside is being able to actually illuminate and fight at the same time."
76561197976275449,Recommended,208200,11365170,"Posted: 22 July, 2014",all,Menace2Society,"Don't be fooled by my low time.  This game scared me bowels emtpy when it originally released.   This is as awesome remake of all three original Dooms and is really worth the dough.This game is the grandfather of thriller-suspense in video games.  Bow, Dead Space, bow."
,Recommended,208200,9636747,"Posted: 26 March, 2014",all,quintino,best sci fi game
,Recommended,208200,10079365,"Posted: 10 May, 2014",all,xGreaseMeUpx,they ruined it by changing the flashlight. =\
76561197970558615,Recommended,208200,10079890,"Posted: 10 May, 2014",all,BBBrox,"Not as classic as the original Doom (re: I & II), but still a unique and worthy game in it's own right.  A game that everybody should have in their collection and should know.  BFG edition has some improvements that make it a little more mainstream than the original release, but I don't think that's a bad thing.Good, worthy game,... play it."
,Not Recommended,208200,10080142,"Posted: 10 May, 2014",all,123,"Not worth the money. You are unable to use any mods & the game does not have co-op enabled for pc. Waste of money, do not purchase."
76561198057328978,Recommended,208200,10080383,"Posted: 11 May, 2014",all,WarMachine,Awesome.
,Recommended,208200,10083236,"Posted: 11 May, 2014",all,NecronomiKwon,"good price for an old school horror master, but screen tearing is damn annoying. if you're using radeon, increase fps to 120 and turn off motion blur. It will sove the tearing issue."
,Recommended,208200,2716408,"Posted: 7 August, 2013",all,Bartleburg,"The game is dark, but it lets you make a custom flashlight texture and I made mine weed so it's all good."
,Recommended,208200,8845734,"Posted: 25 January, 2014",all,Jack Bauer,"This is the mother of all id games. It contains Ultimate DOOM, DOOM II, DOOM 3, Ressurection of Evil, and The Lost MIssion.  All in high res. Its excellent if you love the DOOM series. Hopefully DOOM 4 will come out of Development Hell soon. So brush up on your l33t DOOM skillz and don't watch the movie!"
76561197974163839,Recommended,208200,9069750,"Posted: 12 February, 2014",all,Jokamania,Shotguns
,Recommended,208200,9071496,"Posted: 12 February, 2014",all,radioactivesandvich,2sp00ky
,Recommended,208200,9125909,"Posted: 15 February, 2014",all,DerekJCG,"This is the best collection of the best first person shooter series since 1994. Doom was the video game that started it all for me, I played it when I was 3 and have been a gamer ever since. Doom is, to put it simply, ♥♥♥♥ing amazing. If you've never played Doom you have a lot of childhood to make up for. Buy this collection NOW."
,Recommended,208200,7315149,"Posted: 5 October, 2013",all,octopus,"When I was a kid, they told me Doom 3 was a resource hog, lackluster, un-scary, and too dark. These are all incorrect.Doom 3 is scary. The atmosphere is good as hell, perhaps excellent. I'm never unsatisfied shotgunning demons as I run through hallways (corridors, hence ""corridor shooter""). The big machines in the environments impress me. Things slide into and out of place, dealies spin, doodads shift and turn. More of this would have been cool. Character models and animations show their age, though.I looked up all the locker codes because it sucked to stand around listening to audio logs and sifting through emails for a god damned 4-digit number. I think they added motion blur and some high♥♥♥♥♥antialiasing, but the graphics are the same.♥♥♥♥♥♥s widescreen now, so it looks pleasant on your modern displays, rather than you 500 lb CRT.Did you come to Doom 3 for story? I came for blood. Rivers of blood and fields of broken enemies. Doom 3 is LONG. If you've been playing nothing but CoDpiece: Modern Brofare Superbowl XXIVIXIVIXC, this is like 5 of those. Amusingly, this game kinda rips off Half-Life 2, despite that it didn't: portals, extradimensional invasion, scientists, a gravity gun... You should play both. If you deny one because you have too many morals, you are a great fool. Doom 3 might've been on to something with its ubiquitous use of PDAs in work environments. I know technical grunts (<3) at big corporations use them at least.I used my Quake 3 keybinds. I spent a lot of time trying to be a pro at Quake 3, and I'm happy to find I'm still reaping the benefits.1 = fists2 = pistol3 = machine gunq = plasma riflee = grenade?f = shotgunx = specialI must withhold the other keys, as I must conceal my secret professional techniques. I tried playing Doom 3 with a Xbox controller, and it was awful. Playing this on a console is a mistake.You should play Doom 3. If you pass on it because it's a dumb shooter--I guess you hate shooters. If you pass on it because it has old graphics--it does have old graphics, but at least someone handled all the technical♥♥♥♥♥♥ and your dad's porn box can run it, so you can skip spending $800 on a GeForce Buttcore GTX 9000 (3tb) for performance.Now I'm gonna play Quake IV since I've had a poster for it in my room for a decade."
,Recommended,208200,6891648,"Posted: 2 January, 2013",all,Espy,"Being a fan of the Doom series I really loved this remake. Doom is a Sci-Fi survival horror first person shooter for anyone who doesn't know about this game. I've seen some mods for the old doom 3 with HD upgrade, but I still love this game. Also being able to come with not just doom 3 but RoE, Lost Mission, Ultimate Doom, Doom II, and the expansion. Also With the BFG edition they added checkpoint system to the game so is new player friendly. A bonus to all of this is that they added Achievements to the game if you are the type of person who goes for them. There are a couple small things that I don't like about this remake, but I don't need to go into detail about since they are so small. Overall I would rate Doom 3: BFG Edition a 9/10."
76561198073205908,Recommended,208200,8887269,"Posted: 28 January, 2014",all,Keelo117,♥♥♥♥♥my pants multiple times.... will play again If I have constipation 9/10.
76561198014831367,Recommended,208200,2937203,"Posted: 19 October, 2012",all,W..L.F | Jockeymonika,BFG ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥!!!
76561197972462096,Recommended,208200,10085814,"Posted: 11 May, 2014",all,SideArm7,I had DOOM3 at release and lost it over the years so i got D3BFG on a sale.. Great game simple as that there is a few changes to the GFX some say lighting is to brght but for the price  in sale very worth while games to have MP is cool old school single player hits the spot.. Doom 1 & 2 a good extra .
76561198020718661,Recommended,208200,10085821,"Posted: 11 May, 2014",all,PsychoactivE,Classic ! Still very good even today.
76561198165179688,Recommended,208200,13171263,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,bowsercoyne,"I have a laptop with all the correct specs to run Doom BFG except my Intel Graphics Media Video Card isn't compatible so the game won't run on my machine.  No matter what I try it fails.  Looking at threads throughout Steam it seems many other folks have this same issue, so I guess I have to get a different ven ue in which to play.  Only get this game if you know that your computer is compatible, including which video card you have.  No refunds seem to be available."
76561198098430425,Recommended,208200,13477941,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,Kyle Phantom,"If you haven't played any of the Doom games, then this game is right for you. You get Doom 1, 2, and 3 in one package. PLUS the expansions for Doom 3.!If you already own the Doom 1-3 on steam separately, don't get it, it would be a waste of money.. Unless you're a hardcore Doom fan.Doom 1 and 2 are pretty much the same, theres no plot, its just run around and shoot demons and zombie marines. But they are indeed classics,Doom 3 focuses on horror action with an actual plot unlike the past games. Which is my personal favorite in the series."
,Recommended,208200,6635197,"Posted: 30 August, 2013",all,Coleio100,Doom the best game to ever be made...nothing needed to say
76561198073362561,Recommended,208200,13628292,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,-Wu-Jaguar,"Brings fond memories but somehow they cut some corners.First if you have an AMD video card the game simply won't work(thanks Id/Steam) you will need to download DLL file for OpenGL otherwise the game crashes during the loading screen, its an old game from 2004. So if works for you or made it work then you know what to expect, the graphics although old they still look good. They added motion blur, some people hate it some love it. I think it looks good, they give you the option to turn it off. The flashlight one of the annoying things of the first one, somehow in the future they couldn't manage to attach a flashlight to the weapons so go figure, now the flashlight is attach to your armor, which brings the question where are the shadows the flashlight used to produce?? Also the flashlight needs to recharge bummer.The controls, well they work fine so I won't go into detail sense they are not the issue thankfully.The sound, now this is an issue having a 5.1 it does sound nice but there are no options and they are nowhere to be found. The weapons sound effects, they just sound flat, the shotgun should have a nice loud effect but no, everything else sounds loud except the weapons. Again minor issues that just keep adding. Having said that it was nice that they added auto saves/check points in the original if you had advance too far and then die and you didn't save good luck starting all over.Finally the game play hasn't change much at all if any, it has the same annoying feature from previews Id games, look for the red/yellow/blue key. All those weapons and you can't blow the damn door?? the A.I is not very bright but sense when do demons show such smart behaviour?  shoot them and they just return the favor. The weapons well its very typical from Id, as soon as you get a better weapon the rest becomes anfterthought. Overall its a fun game with some annoying issues such as crashing but if it works for you that's great if not, I think there are better FPS out there Bioshock 1,2 & 3 all exellent games."
,Recommended,208200,13562520,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,Master Turkey,"It comes with Doom 1, Doom 2, AND Doom 3... what more could you want?Open GL issue sorted out by a diff user. Basically creating a shortcut using the orginal game file (steam library/common/Doom3BFG) and inserting a comman into the properties of that shortcut to start in a window. Would not work in full screen. So, I did that. It worked fine. But wouldn't change into full screen after that. I had to reset my monitor to the full screen settings it was describing in the game (1280x720) THEN go ahead and flip the switch for full screen mode, bam it worked fine in full screen after that. So now I know to change the monitor resolution to that before playing each time and just start in steam or from original game file or delete the command from the short cut and run from there. Either way... works fine now."
76561198160319778,Recommended,208200,13912097,"Posted: 9 January, 2015",all,NightRaven,An oldie but goddie
,Recommended,208200,14426648,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,causticspit,"The 3D works well, but you have to play with the settings as the default pulled on my eyes.  The original game looks much nicer, so I don't know why they changed the textures...  If you've not played Doom3 before this is worth getting, but if you have the original and don't care for 3D glasses, then stick to the original, as it's prettier :)"
76561198109185685,Recommended,208200,14536513,"Posted: 18 February, 2015",all,Peter Lion,"Doom 3: BFG edition is a steal. If you have never played any version of Doom before you need this!DOOM: A classic that still plays out with a lot of funDOOM II: Second itteration of the classic, same amount of fun, more difficult levels. (Extra type of shotgun as well)Ultimate DOOM: Even trickier levels with dark, visceral space base scenery.DOOM 3: A sequel to a great game done even better. A milestone in visual graphics for its time, still holds up well today. (It will take a half decent video card to run this beauty at full res) Developers of today could take some notes here. Single Player is a stunningly well thought out story that you obviously get to play through in first person shooer style. The lighting is spectacular. Audio is amazing and will have your hairs standing on end while you scream like a child. That being said the gun sounds are a bit dated compared to call of duty's uber realistic guns. Basically, single player in Doom 3 is to die for and should be experienced by anyone who calls themself a gamer. Multiplayer is available and works properly for the most part. That being said multiplayer is terrible, not many people play it and it lacks originality and any sort of fun game mechanics.Buy this for the single player experienceThere is not a version of Doom out there that has let me down. 10/10"
76561198156851430,Recommended,208200,14642838,"Posted: 24 February, 2015",all,caeser,"awesome graphics,plenty of monsters,cool weapons and new levels to play"
,Recommended,208200,14500583,"Posted: 16 February, 2015",all,VIPER-GHOST,a classic FPS!!
76561198002349169,Recommended,208200,7700051,"Posted: 19 November, 2013",all,I'llucifer,Ever have those days where life is going to fast and you either want to kill something or go back in time where life wasn't a struggle. In this game you can do both; go back in time to those good Ol' retro games and kill some demons and machines.
,Recommended,208200,6173093,"Posted: 8 July, 2013",all,Ma77i7yahu,"The BFG edition certainly lives up to its name! Using the Doomsday Engine plus the high resolution packs and others really makes the original Doom and Doom II playable in today's pc game market place. Highly recommend, even if for nostalgia."
76561198107175985,Recommended,208200,21087396,"Posted: 9 February, 2016",all,Captain Krunch,this game is actually really fun if youve ever been a fan of doom since 90s you will like this it kinda like a reimaging of the first one... in a way...i dont know what people are complaing about but this game is pretty awesome
,Not Recommended,208200,20958685,"Posted: 4 February, 2016",all,Sakerr1,"I first had this on Xbox 360 and thought that this was a decent remaster then I got the PC version and boy oh boy. Now by all means it isn't bad but it's not great either. The graphics is decent mostly on a console stand point but on PC it's a downgrade. It's brighter and just feels like what it would look like if Doom 3 had lights. Now props go to the flashlight and I'm going to admit this the flashlight is better on this port but I still wouldn't mind switching between the flashlight and the gun. Mod support is pretty much gone unless you have the first two Doom games separate from this port and you can literally take away the unnecessary censorship like the health packs don't have the original red cross. Now the Wolfenstein levels I can understand but censoring a game that's been out since 1993 is just ridiculous. If you like Doom and want to experience Doom 3 with ROE just buy them without the BFG Edition and if you want Doom 1, 2, and Final Doom just get it here or GOG."
76561198033671014,Recommended,208200,20956575,"Posted: 4 February, 2016",all,ferrara_d,"What can I say? The BFG Edition went on sale for $4.99 and I picked it up for Doom 3 alone. I had no interest in 1/2 as they look like Nintendo games from the 80's. I've never played the Doom series and am not a fanboy.That being the case, I'm enjoying D3 very much, but I have nothing to compare it to. Sure, the textures look bad up close, but from 10 or more feet away this game looks as good as quite a few modern-ish titles I've played recently (ie Far Cry 3). I don't expect ANY game that's originally from 2004 to blow my mind in the graphics department. I've just finished playing The Evil Within, and this doesn't feel like THAT much of a step backwards visually. The regular Doom 3 with mods looks better than this from what I've read, but BFG was $5 and the other was $20, so that was that.If you liked the combat of RE4 and a few jump scares, this game will likely suit you well... and from what I recall this game looks much sharper and has cooler lighting than RE4. At $20- meh. At $5- ABSOLUTELY."
76561197997146946,Recommended,208200,20917511,"Posted: 2 February, 2016",all,SirMatthe,this version was my chance to finish DOOM³ without getting a heart attack and sleep at night. thanks Bethesda.
76561198058631820,Recommended,208200,20999028,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,stef.98.matt,great game !
76561198051699563,Not Recommended,208200,10388565,"Posted: 7 June, 2014",all,mirage2000v,"Terrible, I can't successfully start the game and it hangs after opening and start loading. I try to upgrade the display driver and also adjust certain of the configurations but it still doesn't work. After few hours fighting I decide to remove it from my computer first because I don't want to spend my weekend time to troubleshot :P. Probably there are some compatibility issue since I also found some reports via goole."
76561198218585151,Recommended,208200,21192000,"Posted: 13 February, 2016",all,DJD23,"first time playing doom ever and i thought it's really fun, can't wait for the new DOOM"
76561198170047125,Not Recommended,208200,21145922,"Posted: 11 February, 2016",all,GeneralGrey017,Something is wrong with the game. Everytime i try to play Doom 3 BFG edition all it does is crash to desktop after the opening talking about the company. Always trys to do a first play installtion each time i run it
76561198266725730,Recommended,208200,21113523,"Posted: 10 February, 2016",all,Rusty Shackleford,"Doom has been a big part of video games for me ever since my family got their first Windows 95 PC with Doom 1. Now there are some complaints with the flow of this game:Firstly, I find that the abundance of ammo in the game to be a little over the top, almost Call of Duty feeling, this almost makes the game a tad bit easier.Secondly, I didn't enjoy how the PDA's that you found functioned, partly because there were instances where you would need to listen to an audio track to get a certain code for an ammo cache (or to get the BFG initially), now my complaint about the audio is the fact that you cannot listen to the audio track without actually being in the PDA HUD, a slight annoyance but nothing too major.Thirdly, the boss fights are very lack luster and don't really have either much meaning, or don't really have much of a learning curve. I felt the last boss on the Resurrection of Evil to be very disappointing, as by the time I had gotten thus far I was already armed to the teeth and was able to disengage the boss with very few shots from the BFG.As a whole, I find this to be a vastly greater reindition of the original Doom 3, graphically and atmospherically, though I feel that this isn't really Doom, it felt more like a reimagining of Quake with Doom plastered on it.I still found the game to be enjoyable and worth getting on sale.7/10"
,Recommended,208200,19775061,"Posted: 18 December, 2015",all,:(,A must-have for any Doom fan.
,Recommended,208200,19759782,"Posted: 18 December, 2015",all,BobnWeev,"I enjoy playing Doom 3 BFg edition from the beginning, but after 20 hours of playing I am ejoying the game much more. I was lucky enough to buy Doom 3 BFG Edition on sale. After playing it for awhile, I would have paid the regular price. ""I like it."""
,Recommended,208200,19846419,"Posted: 22 December, 2015",all,Wahburger™,scared the crap out of me. 10/10
,Recommended,208200,19816153,"Posted: 20 December, 2015",all,✨Fley.The.Dragon✨,Not scary.Enemies spawn in out of nowhere. It gets old after a while.But it's an okay game. Nothing amazing though.
,Recommended,208200,19827779,"Posted: 21 December, 2015",all,WTWrench,Doom 1 and 2 good enough to buy it for me.
76561198106939750,Recommended,208200,19918215,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,DGoods82,It's DOOM 3.  Its cool
,Recommended,208200,19962018,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,pano,
76561198079973758,Recommended,208200,20301418,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,boonk gang,I tried playing this with the oculus..........I don't play video games anymore.
,Not Recommended,208200,20326519,"Posted: 5 January, 2016",all,lostoneimap,"The xbox version has a multiplayer coop, when i bought this version i read the tags which says multiplayer and assumed that it was the same, my mistake and my money wasted if your buying this for multiplayer with friends dont bother. if your buying this for single player Buy this game its epic i just wish they kept multiplayer as coop"
,Recommended,208200,19347243,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,Vohen,"Recommend ?Yes but i advise you too pick it up when its on sale 60% to 75%,Very nice deal !!!!!There has  been some changes on the BFG D3 series that took the REAL DOOM experience from Doom3,ROE and Lost so that will make Hardcore Doom fans a bit dissapointed.I think if you are new to DOOM you can use the BFG EDITION has an introduction to DOOM,After that,regarding D3s,i recommend the original ones with low ammo per levels and no mounted flashlight.Nevertheless the BFG Edtion is a must have since you get D1,D2,D3,D3 ROE,D3 Lost Mission in one single pack + We all have to agree that all Doom games are Masterpieces and Remarkables.ID SOFWARE PRODIGY SON. DOOM."
,Recommended,208200,20607413,"Posted: 18 January, 2016",all,iLLcAtTiViSsiMo,"Just a solid 60FPS shooter set in the Doom universe. Visuals are outdated, but hold well enough to keep you playing. The game is unexpectedly creepy at times, which is a major bonus. The story is your typical Doom scenario and won't be the reason you sit through the whole game.The biggest positive is the fact that this game works AMAZINGLY well with a steam controller in hand. It allows for mouse input on the right trackpad while the rest of the buttons are recognized as controller input, which is a feature too many modern games are missing. If you have yet to find a game that shows the true potential of your steam controller, Doom BFG is by far one of the best I've come across yet.Totally recommended if you're looking for an FPS fix that doesn't involve too much thinking and you just want another reason to hold your steam controller."
76561198038044811,Recommended,208200,16125088,"Posted: 1 June, 2015",all,Half_Breed,Great combination of first person shooters.Plus its a Classic.
,Recommended,208200,10249814,"Posted: 27 May, 2014",all,XexMonster,"""DOOM 3: BFG Edition has stopped working..."" Windows- 2014Cant even play the game, lets me look at the pretty menu screen but when i actually try loading up the game, it crashes.*EditGot the game working a while back, forgot how i did it, but the game is pretty good, I recommend playing in the lowest brightness for most atmospheric experience, lots of people have complained about the game being much brighter than the orginal DOOM 3, but i find when the brightness is turned way down it still has that dark creepy, on edge feel. theres more things that have been changed such as the flashlight from the orginal DOOM 3 but i guess you can always just play the orginal.The BFG Editiona also comes with the orginal DOOM and DOOM II."
,Recommended,208200,16571432,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,DaFunGuy,"If you loved playing this game as a child, then stop reading this and buy it already!Side Note: DOOM III blows, so don't play itRate: 7/10"
76561198027541238,Recommended,208200,16572856,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,PrimeMover,"Very nice collection and very accessible with all 3 games and their expansions in one game. All three played well, despite some of them being 20 years old. The new expansion for Doom 3 was short but enjoyable."
76561198006586220,Recommended,208200,16574439,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,eDu,13/10
,Recommended,208200,16574957,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,Top Jack,"I killed a guy, it was fun 100000/yes"
,Recommended,208200,16690180,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,Starsmore,"This is the only Doom collection you will ever need.  Best ports of all three games to date.   If this is not already in your library, then shut up and get your♥♥♥♥♥to Mars!"
,Recommended,208200,16661064,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,The Melty Man,I have not finished all of the BFG: Edition but I've beaten the dog crap out of all of these games before I just re-bought them so I could get the achievments. If you like Doom this is likely the best way to get Doom 1-3 and all expansions.
,Recommended,208200,16308505,"Posted: 11 June, 2015",all,makron2118,"I love this game, a funny fact is when the first time I've played was on an ATI card so old that the flashligth doesn't work, so I passed the entire game without ligth and honestly I don't know how...!!! I recommend to pass the game in the original mode with the flashligth not mounted on the Doom guy armor."
,Recommended,208200,16399543,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,AbsurdBlue,"Doom 3 BFG Edition is a must have game for any horror enthusiasts or hardcore gamers in general. Avoid buying the original version of the game, the BFG edition supports higher resolutions and textures unlike the original copy. It also includes the first two Doom games and the expansion.Also, I freaking love the theme <3"
76561198050726752,Recommended,208200,16451451,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,kingslin,"great all-in-one Doom package that eliminates the need for Doom and Doom II source prorts, while adding native widescreen support and a convenient checkpoint system to Doom 3"
,Recommended,208200,16447702,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,coc lover,"if you want all doom games and have windows 7 or after, you should get this game. If not, then don't get this. Also the settings menu is absolutely pathetic."
76561198008859113,Recommended,208200,16108290,"Posted: 31 May, 2015",all,Em0 Par+y,The Doom and Doom II iterations that are included are awesome. Worth the price alone.
,Recommended,208200,16198486,"Posted: 4 June, 2015",all,CanzarSlime,"Soooo DOOM 1: great, DOOM 2: great. DOOM 3: Meh. No need for me the lather on the continious opinion of 1993 DOOM is great and fabulous and all so i'll write this mostly for 3. This would get the widely wanted ""Meh/Nuetral"" rating on the reviews and since it's not bad and comes with DOOM wads so i'll rate it up on that point. The game is kinda boring from a mechanical point of veiw where the game has some dull screechy sounds that didn't really inspire any kind of satisfaction to use, the actually hitting of foes felt so boring, while i know i played on easy and i'll take some crit for that fine and all BUT, the enemies barely flinch or respond at all to your attacks like they do even in older DOOMs and leaves it boring and a bit repetitive. The visuals were pretty good, and kinda bad in different ways, like it actually looks good and has a great lighting system, buuut the enemies felt sooo blah. Like i get it's on mars but i thought i signed up for was killing demons and zombies not Aliens and angry muscle-men. While the story was kinda neat in seeing all the little bits about how demons invade the universe but i kinda lost concern for the story after since all you get is a dude maniacally laughing at you saying you'll never get any further and persist's to repeat the similar line over and over again. Buut in fairness we don't really play DOOM for a story, even id figures DOOM isn't to played for it's story but the gameplay it'self. Overall I also didn't really like the game went from tight shooter to jump-scare survival, but thats just a personal preference. Overall despite the large flaws progressing through was fun and the level design was neat and could be seen to have inspired some of the bit more recent jump-scare survivor's out there.Overall offers DOOM 1-2 soo big plus there, and DOOM 3 isn't for everyone but respectably holds it's place as a DOOM installment even if i wasn't over thrilled with the design choices and responsiveness of the gameplay."
,Recommended,208200,16205801,"Posted: 5 June, 2015",all,OR4NGEKUSH,"This Game is awesome because it also gives you the old school Doom Games, and there all creepy and just buckle up and enjoy the ride cuz it's gunna get crazy up in here. Cmon what are you waiting for just click the ""add to cart"" button and play it already, Thank You."
76561198015731346,Recommended,208200,16182310,"Posted: 4 June, 2015",all,ExA_Sn4k3,"It's doom,with VERY nice graphics. Need i to say else?p.s. it seems to me a little easier then old doom"
76561198183392371,Recommended,208200,16532302,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,winterlightsong,"I have only just bought this BFG Edition so 'time played' is not indicative of the time I will spend playing this.I originally bought Doom 3 on it's release way back in 2004 (got a free Doom 3 T-shirt which I still wear!). I built my very first computer to play this game and it was the most nerve shredding gaming experience I ever had!Doom 3 wasn't about the frenetic, relentless action of the original Doom or Doom 2. It was about creating tension and immersion, creating fear and suspense...I found it both extremely enjoyable and highly stressful!!Visually, Doom 3 was unrivalled in 2004. The PC I built could only play it on medium to high settings. To this day, it is still a good looking game (although the polygonal heads could be smoothed off)I simply don't understand the hatred towards this game...John Carmack himself said that this was the Doom game he had always wanted to make! I absolutely love Doom 3, the atmosphere, the tension, the panic as you get mobbed in the dark! I loved changing between the flashlight and your gun...it created fear and some extremely tense situations! Sadly this version allows you to have both the gun and flashlight!Would I recommend this game? Without a shadow of a doubt! If you enjoy FPS's that scare you out of your pants, then this is a classic! (On a side note: I watched Doom 4 on a E3 2015 video and it looks amazing!)"
,Recommended,208200,13274249,"Posted: 7 December, 2014",all,PhoenixBlues,Pretty fun and scary.
76561198042519313,Recommended,208200,13887607,"Posted: 7 January, 2015",all,Dangleberries,"good sauce on improving the aulity of game play from the original they never did fix that face graphics problem, surprsingly plays better on newer pc's the nthe release date"
76561198058854000,Recommended,208200,23643319,"Posted: 18 June, 2016",all,☣DybbuK☣,HAd to play this game when i was younger.But still_ma pants got a bit browny.!! Very good game.
76561198093220408,Recommended,208200,20409981,"Posted: 8 January, 2016",all,Sub Zero The Ice Ninga,Doom 3 BFG edition is an amazing recreation of the classic doom 3 compared to HD remakes of classic games nowadays it takes doom 3 and adds new features and gameplay changes those changes are...The flashlight has been built into the suit so you can use your weapon while illuminating dark areasAmmo is more common nowIt also as a few graphical changes and they changed the HUD as wellIn terms of new features added for the BFG edition...It includes Doom 1 and 2 with Thy Flesh Consumed episode for Doom 1 and No Rest For The Living episode for Doom 2It not only incudes Doom 3 but you get the Resurrection Of Evil Expansion but you also get the lost missions which is an entirely new story with 8 new levelsDoom 3 BFG edition is the go to game for a complete doom collection and is definitely worth the $40.00.So let's sum up what you getRemastered Doom 3Resurrection of EvilLost missions exclusive to BFG editionDoom 1Thy flesh consumed for Doom 1Doom 2No Rest For The Living for Doom 2So that is a lot of content for $40.00EDIT:I also see people critisise the doom ii port for being censored but honestly I couldn't care less it doesn't mean the map had to be removed completely.666/10
76561198019823309,Recommended,208200,3266255,"Posted: 9 January, 2013",all,Darth Sodium,"Oh look, they added a flashlight, the game went from awful to amazing. Where were you a decade ago?"
,Recommended,208200,30794810,Posted: 28 March,all,Butters Stotch,I've played this game for many hours on differnet consoles including the original xbox and Xbox 360 and It's definetely worth. I don't even like Doom 3 that much. I've never beat the campaign because I don't like it enough but I would recomend this because It gives you the old doom games and they are remastered (I don't know if that is the right word) I don't know if they changed any graphics or anything but They made them in one convienient place where you don't have to install a DOS box or anything.
,Recommended,208200,23741776,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,Doyi200,"Doom 3 used to scare me a lot, rather than fast paced shooter like Doom and Doom 2, it used scary ambience and corridors.That doesn't mean i dont think is scary anymore, i actually had to take 2 to 3 sessions to complete a leve, beacuse i was scared.This version remasters Doom 3 and includes Doom and Doom 2, and includes the DLC for Doom 3.Doom 3 and its expansion are ok but Doom and Doom 2 i just feel they are just...wrong. Censored levels for Doom 2, no red cross for medkits (which i dont mind) and the music, for me it just sounds so bad. and its not the wads that the game comes with, i tested them with GZDoom and the sounds were fine, its how the game emulates sounds.Overall the game is worth buying, in my case not for Doom or Doom 2"
,Recommended,208200,23743066,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,ShOdinReepr,"What can I say? It's Doom. Hate it, don't buy. Like it, buy it. Love it, you better buy it. Recommended for likers and lovers only."
76561198106073924,Recommended,208200,23733651,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,GeppedotheFuckinClown666,Awesome!!!!!!!!
,Recommended,208200,3574708,"Posted: 13 April, 2013",all,Beanovsky Durst,"It's Doom. If you don't have it on your Steam library you do not deserve the right to be called a PC gamer, period. Sure BFG Edition is more expensive, but you're getting the whole package - The Ultimate Doom, Doom 2 and the previously Xbox exclusive add-on campaign and the way sexy Doom 3 with Resurrection of Evil, and a new campaign to boot.A few extra options here and there make Doom 3: BFG Edition the ultimate package to keep you entretained until 4 is released."
,Not Recommended,208200,23768375,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,Onimusha,No options to change graphical settings on Doom 3.  The game looks worse than the out of the box CD.
,Recommended,208200,23528161,"Posted: 12 June, 2016",all,ColinDJPat,"I bought this game mostly to try the original doom, but I thoroughly enjoyed the first two and am currently enjoying Doom 3.The original Doom has a really good learning and difficulty curve, (Other than one episode, Thy Flesh Consumed. You have to scramble a bit at the start of that one.) as does Doom II. For example, enemies that are introduced as a mini boss are later used as regular uncommon enemies, such as the Baron of Hell. Another good example is bosses being later used as mini bosses once the player has learned how to beat them with only a little bit of difficulty. All in all, Doom and Doom II have aged REALLY well.While I'm not finished Doom 3, it's an interesting take on the original Doom. It's less a hardcore non-linear shooter and more of a linear action horror. It has an attempt at a few jumpscares every now and then, but stays mostly action so far. Considering the age of the game, the visuals are mostly nice. Every now and then you get a close look at a low quality texture, but the guns, enemies, and lighting are all very good considering when the game was made, not that visuals are really all that big a deal. The difficulty progression is much slower in Doom 3 and it makes me kind of wish new enemies were introduced faster. If you're good at shooters/play a lot of shooters, veteran might be the difficulty you should try.Doom and Doom II have very simple story telling methods. In Doom, you would get text at the end of an episode, and it sums up each episode in a very fitting tone. Doom II on the other hand, has the episode Hell On Earth which is really long compared to the episodes in Doom. Instead of just text at the end of the episode, theres text every few levels, after your character completes a big objective. Doom 3 on the other hand introduces many of the enemies with cutscenes, and has a story that is much more present during gameplay. The fact that the first two games lack this isn't exactly a bad thing though, because they were meant to be all action but with enough story for the game to make sense. They pulled it off excellently.Doom and Doom II have great soundtracks, and I could listen to E1M1 and the track from Barrels o' fun (ahem Them Bones by Alice in Chains ahem) over and over. I haven't heard a lot of the music in Doom 3 yet but if any of it is anything like the title music, I'm excited to hear it. If you're a metal and/or grunge fan, check out some of the D1 and D2 soundtracks.In conclusion, I feel this pack exceeds its price value."
,Recommended,208200,23522166,"Posted: 12 June, 2016",all,Merim,"Its actually a really good game. Just only thing to keep noted that this isnt like the classic Doom because it has more horror than action. But there are some good action regardless of the changes. Just only issue is if you are a classic Doom player and expect to see 100 monsters in 1 room, this game isnt for you considering its not.Difference between Doom 3 and BFG edition is that this has all the previous Doom games (Doom, Doom 2, Doom 3, Resurrection of Evil and Lost mission). Lost mission can ONLY be played in the BFG edition, theres no seperate game besides Doom 3 and Resurrection of Evil. The flashlight has changed, where you now have shoulder flashlight rather than using the actual flashlight like in the other Doom 3 game. Which means you can shoot while using flashlight.Multiplayer seems dead from what I saw so far, but not paying attention to it anyways since I wanted to play the campaign. The game is good, but keep noted I am not sure about the classic Dooms in the BFG edition. I might recommend getting the seperate game of the classic Dooms if you wanted to play mods, same to be said for Doom 3. But if you dont care about mods and just wanted to play Doom 3, you are welcome to get this."
76561198027719681,Recommended,208200,3813214,"Posted: 22 December, 2012",all,Izual,"O que eu posso falar?!  É o Senhor dos Senhores, Big ♥♥♥♥ing Fodao Doom cara, e ainda tem conquistas. Vale muito a pena"
,Recommended,208200,23111261,"Posted: 20 May, 2016",all,EPEELiON,"Honestly, didn't realize that it came with both DOOM 1 and 2 along with 3. I was pleaseantly suprised and appreciate this feature. Saved me about $15. THX <3"
,Not Recommended,208200,9114259,"Posted: 14 February, 2014",all,Martin Mayonnaise,"I only bought this for Doom 1 & 2. I guess I could pretend that Doom 3 is good...I can't! It's too hard to do so! Want to know why Doom 3 sucks? I'll tell you why!- ♥♥♥♥♥♥ copy/paste Half-Life story- ♥♥♥♥♥♥ enemy designs that look NOTHING like the originals- ♥♥♥♥♥♥ lighting (changeable, but by default it's♥♥♥♥♥♥- ♥♥♥♥♥♥ level design (90% of the game is on Mars and you only go to hell near the end of the game)- ♥♥♥♥♥♥ dialougue- ♥♥♥♥♥♥ how un-Doom it is- Why is a torch a seperate item?- ♥♥♥♥♥♥ ♥♥♥♥♥iness- ♥♥♥♥♥♥ menus- ♥♥♥♥♥♥ lack of secrets- ♥♥♥♥♥♥ lack of good weapon design.- It's Doom 3You know what, it would be better if you just bought Ultimate Doom and Doom II seperatly. Atleast if you do that, there won't be a tumor stuck to them."
,Recommended,208200,23392293,"Posted: 4 June, 2016",all,Arkaichz,"Nothing like the doom i wish i could play but lets me the original so good bait, on sale of course."
,Recommended,208200,16435210,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,Neon-NS,"It's fun, but be warned: Some of you may or may not get headaches when playing Doom 3 at 1920x1080 120Hz. Play at your own risk if using that setting."
76561198012861441,Recommended,208200,23331448,"Posted: 1 June, 2016",all,soozi,"DOOM 3 - absolutely LOVED this - and yeah, i know, i\'m way late in playing it  :)a hoot from start to finish - recommend you play with headphones and in a dark room - this game may be old, but it f**king ROCKS!!!!! i\'m an \'older\' gamer (ie. i\'m nearly 54 - yikes!) - and remember playing the very first doom on my original old work pc and being blown away at the time  - doom 3 is by far my fave in the series - highly recommended!"
,Recommended,208200,23253188,"Posted: 28 May, 2016",all,Big Daddy,"Okay so i was pretty unsure of this purchase but in the end i got it, and after getting it i do not regret it. Why? because Doom kicks a$$ thats why.Now here we go i know it only says ive been on it for a few hours but even that gives me enough time. So lets start in order that this pack has.-_DOOM_-Okay this is like the best of all time and fits your everyday violent needs. While some eople say "" Well the graphix sux and that makesss it stoopidds"" Well graphics arent everything you dont need good graphics to have a good game. They could indeed make a game better but in some cases it doesnt. And thats what this game proves. They arent everything. Now if youre wondering well after i finish it it will be boring right? No because you have difficulties that make the game cold hearted and Alive again so replayability is like a solid 10.-_DOOM II_-dude this is like just an expansion to doom which is amazing this is the exact same game just a few more weapons and enimies and Way different levels also solid 10.and now-_DOOM III_-Okay this one unfortunately isnt the best, combat feels really light and not really fun, guns are a uninspired, along with enimies. Its just kind of bland. BUT still a relatively good not NEARLY as good as the other two but still good.ConclusionOkay so yeah sure DOOM III sucks a bit but if it was just doom 3 then i would not reccomend this at all but having all 3 games makes it well worth your money. So yes i reccomend it for the other two games and the third one is just kind of there. So take what you want from this review and i hope it helps."
76561198116815058,Recommended,208200,23144422,"Posted: 22 May, 2016",all,Der Knabe,Love the survivalish yet action packed thrill with entertaining lore.
,Recommended,208200,23980238,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,Spychosis,"Sure they changed the shadows for the worse with this edition. However, it does run better and it's in widescreen and it comes with DOOM 1 & 2 and you get the files so you can use their respective mods. This is a solid buy for a DOOM fan. (but try the original DOOM 3 first if you can)"
76561197993950424,Recommended,208200,14893487,"Posted: 14 March, 2015",all,[ST] Croaker,"It's Doom, but scarier.  What else need be said, except get it and play it.  It rocks!"
,Recommended,208200,15148279,"Posted: 31 March, 2015",all,Nasty Pirate,"Hell yeah! One big package with all the gems of the Doom franchise. I really enjoyed playing the first two installments all over again, especially with the really nice up-to-date port for modern PC concerning controls. A must!"
76561198128524675,Recommended,208200,15314502,"Posted: 11 April, 2015",all,EvilMethos666,"I've been following DOOM ever since I started with DOOM II back around 2002... I was eleven years old when my uncle decided to invite me to play on an LAN with his buddies. I died so many times untill I learned the ways of the game. In 2006 I was able to get DOOM I & II. By that time I had only been able to play DOOM 3 at a friends house.This series got me started with FPS games, and now that I have DOOM 3 BFG Edition I can say that my collection is complete... For now.Not even Halo or Call of Duty can match my love for DOOM. People who diss these games normally end up meeting my fist. Best FPS games ever. I hope to see more from id someday.   10 out of 10? Nope. I give it a 100 out of 10."
,Recommended,208200,15228460,"Posted: 5 April, 2015",all,IIIStrife,"A slight mess of an unneccesary Remake, Doom 3: BFG edition basically has all three Doom games in one package. It does not have any other doom game, even if that would literally the the easiest thing ever for Id Software to do.This game is the equivalent of Disney re-releasing every Mulan movie in one DvD, only adding in a feature that makes it briefly stutter every few moments (and if V-sync is on) then the right half of the screen is slightly higher than usual while the left is slightly lower than usual.The game offers nothing more, but also nothing less. It doesn't offer better graphics, it doesn't offer hidden bonuses, it has nothing extra.All it has over the others... is achievements.Personally, if you like achievements and don't already have the other games on Steam, then go ahead. Otherwise, don't bother.OH also the Doom 1 and 2 games have no additional options or anything. Nothing here is new. Gameplay is still nice, just don't put V-sync on and the game will run better regardless of your computer's specs."
76561198113820030,Recommended,208200,15229428,"Posted: 5 April, 2015",all,The Bargain Bin Hobo,"Doom 3 BFG edition packs Ultimate Doom, Doom II, and Doom 3, with all the DLC predownloaded.  It's a fun set of games.  If you like first person shooters, you'll like these.  Those who played Ultimate Doom and Doom II when they came out will definatnly get a nostalgia blast playing it.  Warning, Doom 3 is pretty spooky.  I myself don't get scared by it, but I can imagine some people would,  Bloody, disturbing imagry, death, and other things.  Luckily, our hero *reffered to as Doom Guy since he is silent and nameless* has plenty of guns and the balls to fight back at these demons.  Plenty of guns and ammo lying around.Reccomended for people who like shooters, or those who like a good scare."
76561198018520068,Recommended,208200,16214072,"Posted: 5 June, 2015",all,Carl Weathers,not enough large expansive rooms like Doom 29/10
,Recommended,208200,3924401,"Posted: 14 July, 2013",all,TheUrbanViking,"3 Games in 1, good for any person who is a fan of the series!"
76561198010484647,Recommended,208200,14858194,"Posted: 12 March, 2015",all,TheBloodbanshee,"PREFACE: I'm pretty much a Doom fanboy so saying that I recommend this game shouldn't mean much to someone new to Doom. What I can say about it for new-comers and experienced players alike, is that this is the best Doom experience all in one game. Every game except Final Doom right here. The Lost Mission is really good too.GAMEPLAY: For Doom 3, same old but with flashlight removed and replaced with body-flashlight that has a meter on how long it lasts before it must regenerate. This is good for me because I play the game fast. However, it removes the horror aspect of the game.The first time you play this game, it's horror/action. Every time after that, it's really only action. The game loses the horror elemnt when you know where all the enemies are.GAME ATMOSPHERE: Doom 3 still holds up to this day. The graphics are tight, the sound is top notch. Lots of ambient mechanical and demonic noises and great lighting effects redone for today's standards. I find myself stopping to just look at certain parts of the levels.MOD SUPPORT: For me and most other Doom 3 players, this was a let-down due to lack of mod support. However, some people in the community have made a mod-launcher for BFG Edition but it only supports a few mods like Trent Reznor sounds, Wolf high res textures and a particle mod. So you'll be far from Sikkmod with that setup BUUTTT I prefer this over Sikkmod. Why? I hate bloom. With the new motion-blur feature along with the few mods, Doom 3 becomes nearly perfect. I haven't tested mods that let corpses stay but I don't think I can make that work myself.OVERALL: I recommend this for people who want to experience the original Doom games along with an un-bloomified Doom 3 horror experience. I play Doom 3 more than I play the original Doom at this point. I still prefer the originals though. The atmosphere really holds you in Doom 3. It doesn't need cheesy metal ripoffs to be playing through the game, the theme song is badass enough alone. I would buy this for 30 or less. It's a reboot, it's not worth paying full price for a game that's been (barely remastered and) out for like almost ten years.If you have any questions about Doom 3: BFG Edition, send me a PM. I can talk about Doom all day..."
76561198173399526,Recommended,208200,14886167,"Posted: 14 March, 2015",all,Spectre,Classic. The second oldest FPS franchise. Doom 3 still scares the hell out of me. Love it.
,Recommended,208200,14853781,"Posted: 12 March, 2015",all,pitchblackink,"Doom 3 is awesome. Different from the previous ones, this game is more story-driven, a really doomed one. The places/scenarios looks creepy as hell (how should be). Has a lot of tense moments, really dark moments. Very good work from id with the ilumination too.The expansions are not so good, seems kind of empty for me, but I'm not sure. Is not that bad.This package contains the classic ones: Doom and Doom 2 ready to kick♥♥♥♥♥in any new machine."
,Recommended,208200,14932656,"Posted: 17 March, 2015",all,El_Desenladrillador,"Like it or not, this game is an icon of the modern horror shooters and it's significance for the genre is undeniable. It's also my personal favorite in the segment."
,Recommended,208200,14158146,"Posted: 25 January, 2015",all,Fumbles,"This is a great game.However, the original, non BFG edition is actually better for the following reasons:1. You can actually find useful mods for the original, not this one.2. I said so.If you don't care that you're living hundreds of years in the future and the latest advancements in flashlight technology have provided you with a massive hunk of metal that ties up one hand, is 0.000001 candle power, illuminates in a 2 degree cone and has a battery life of proximately the time it takes a virgin to disappoint his girlfriend, then this won't bother you.AGAIN: The ONLY reason I gave this a thumbs up, yet don't really recommend it is because it is a good game, however, the other version here on steam is much better IMO."
,Recommended,208200,14119642,"Posted: 22 January, 2015",all,Hoboman,"Say what you want about Doom 3 being different from the originals, I still had fun with it. Never gets old too. While Veteran mode is a push-over, the change to a creepier and tense atmosphere goes well with the theme. Can't wait to see what's in store for Doom 4."
,Recommended,208200,14124299,"Posted: 23 January, 2015",all,Pedo Pichu,"""Regretting playing with headset with high volume and playing at dark""10♥♥♥♥♥♥Brick"
,Recommended,208200,7873401,"Posted: 1 December, 2013",all,InkDrinkr,The prequel to Doom 4. It doesn't disappoint. Mediocre graphics compared to current titles but still tons of fun.
,Recommended,208200,7738830,"Posted: 25 November, 2013",all,NokturnL AdammuS KmurduK,♥♥♥♥ing Metal....
,Recommended,208200,5070911,"Posted: 30 August, 2013",all,Toa,HAVE HUGE GUTS
,Recommended,208200,896729,"Posted: 4 November, 2012",all,SkeletonMurderer,"The series that invented the first-person-shooter is still relevant eight years later and has influenced everything from BioShock to Dead Space. The culmination of the series in Doom 3 is not only a masterpiece in level design but a game that genuinely makes you feel under constant assault. It's immersion factor (via interaction with the environment, NPCs and an eReader) is a tact taken from Half-Life, but here the feeling of mankind going past ethical boundaries of science and munitions is played surprisingly tongue-in-cheek. If anything ID knew how to take simpler conceits and use it to play with it's audience rather than preach. For instance, you spend three levels hoofing it to a communication hub to send a distress message but are given the option to cancel. You send it anyway... And doom the Earth to demons. It's an aptly titled series because once the possession starts all hope is gone."
76561198010423607,Recommended,208200,8025331,"Posted: 12 December, 2013",all,개꽃,"Classic Horror: Similiar to Dead Space series, just a bit oldDoom 3 is somewhat of an artifact these days, hardly anyone knows this awesome game.If you love Deadspace series (esp. 1/2), and wouldn't mind a game very similiar in atmosphere Doom 3 is a must."
,Recommended,208200,8025851,"Posted: 12 December, 2013",all,SolidFangJoker,"The best verison of Doom 3 hands down, everything about this is better than the orignal release. The fact that both Doom and Doom 2 come with it as well makes it a must own. Id recommend getting one of the source ports for Doom so that you can use some of the amazing mods such a Brutal Doom. If you must own any verison of Doom 3 get this one."
,Recommended,208200,1732596,"Posted: 25 November, 2012",all,Guardly,Do NOT set motion blur on x32.  You'll get a bad head ache and nausia.
,Recommended,208200,2778266,"Posted: 17 March, 2013",all,LOL DUDE,"The most definitive game in the entire DOOM series, and a huge recommendation by me!"
,Recommended,208200,360968,"Posted: 27 October, 2012",all,LIKEUCARE,"DOOM 3 BIG ♥♥♥♥ING GUN EDITIONI had to say it out loud!So, when DOOM 3 released back in 2004, I had actually built a rig just for that game and it was worth it. Everything was groundbreaking on D3 at its release time... the graphic engine, the lighting, the A.I., the animation, etc.D3 is one of my favorite game and even to this day, the dark, gloomy, cramped, industrial atmosphere on this game is unmatched by ANY other game.The minimalist ambient sounds on this game (no soundtrack) is so powerful that the base itself feels hellish on DOOM 3. I wish more games would do the same.So this BFG edition. I can say that the graphics were remastered (look screenshots) and got a working Widescreen. To me, BFG-E was worth it as I really loved D3 back then, played it many times. Besides, I had a discount since I already own D3.Worth 30$ ? Probably not! Wait until it get's on sale then yeah, (RE-)VISIT Mars City!9 / 10PS. D3 Vanilla and RoE mods aren't compatible on BFG-E, for now!"
,Recommended,208200,7823175,"Posted: 29 November, 2013",all,Quad-IOS,"If you, even remotely, like Doom, any release (I, II or III), I seriously recommend this package: it has everything about Doom. Everything, and you get to start them all with a single package (where you get to choose which release to run)."
,Recommended,208200,493897,"Posted: 8 January, 2013",all,Chandler,"Nerds got all mad about this or whatever, but it was pretty convienient to have it all in one package. Doom 3 still stands the test of time ,for the most part."
,Recommended,208200,8198970,"Posted: 22 December, 2013",all,theskad81,"I was pleasantly surprised by BFG edition ... it felt like classic FPS (more or less).If you liked Doom 3, Quake 1/2 get this one as well <3<3<3Side note: graphics is bit dated but that does not matter imho."
76561198096960481,Recommended,208200,8317002,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,tunnelsnakes101,"all three games are fantastic, but do NOT mess with the settings ( 3D enabling, resolution, ect.) unless you are sure it is what you want. i changed one thing by accident and the only way i could fix it was uninstalling and reinstalling the game, losing all progress."
,Recommended,208200,13437021,"Posted: 18 December, 2014",all,Hellhound,"I liked Doom 1 & Doom 2, which you get with this version of Doom 3.I also like Doom 3 and surely the Resurection of Evil and Lost Missions!"
76561197966249972,Recommended,208200,13574524,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,Hex,"Recommened even if (like me) you have the original D3 on CD-ROM, although I would wait for a sale which they always seem to have on this title.  At $10 or under the ""Lost Missions"" alone are worth it, and IMO if the original D3 would have been more like the lost missions, it would have been much better received.  I'm not sure who they had working on the lost mission expansion, but they did an outstanding job.  Maybe not as long or as much of a story as RoE but without a doubt the lost mission felt the most like ""Doom"".   Also included the original Doom and Doom II, if you're so inclined.Basically I haven't played this game since launch and I wanted to go back and do it all with every graphics option enabled and then some.  Runs much better on a 290X than it did my 9800 Pro.   :)  I had fun with this title and definatley worth the $5 or so I paid on sale."
76561198004988438,Recommended,208200,13596468,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,Mongo,"So it might lack the heart and moments of Half-Life 2,  it misses an evolving hero but it does drench you in a horrific atmosphere of chaos/suspense that will constantly make you look over your shoulder as the game is notorious for heart stopping scenes and sounds.Doom 3: BFG Edition is the final version of Doom 3, the remake of the original Doom.  A more sinister story of the origins of the UAC is fleshed out, old ""friends"" return in new 3D, fully textured horror, and a greater emphasis is placed on closing that pesky gate to Hell, which keeps opening throughout Doom 3 & Resurrection of Evil.If you want a dark, demon drenched run & gun game, look no further."
76561198063582557,Recommended,208200,19625879,"Posted: 10 December, 2015",all,thorneo,good game brings back memories...
,Recommended,208200,19688171,"Posted: 13 December, 2015",all,PT_GEN0CYDE,"I've always been a Doom player since I was 3 years old (the original Doom released in 1993, I was born in 1992) on an old DOS computer. I never could play Doom 3 on PC because I never had a PC that could run it, so I finally bought the cheap Xbox version (I say cheap beacuse the Xbox version had so many things cut from the PC version).If you want to relive the entire Doom series, than Doom 3: BFG Edition is for you.Pros:-Doom-Doom II: Hell on Earth-Doom 3-Doom 3: Resurrection of Evil-Doom 3: The Lost MissionCons:-Graphics really don't seem any better than the original Doom 3.-NOBODY plays multiplayer anymore"
,Recommended,208200,19685741,"Posted: 13 December, 2015",all,kergan,good classic map type fps
,Not Recommended,208200,19646099,"Posted: 11 December, 2015",all,Gabe the Dog,"Okay, so this isn't really a full review considering the fact that I couldn't even pull up the game to begin with.The fact that in order for a game to work you have to more extensive downloading and more is already a little obsured, but I get it for games like Fallout 3, and that one worked fine for a game older than this on my Windows 8.1 PC.  However, this game chose to take the more scenic route of having a flashing white screen upon start-up.  So as anyone would, I searched as to how I could make this game work on my PC, as I don't want to let my money go to waste.  So instead, I go to the site and doenoad the .dll file, and get the necessary file. I follow their proceedure, and nope, nothing works.  In fact, it makes my PC crash every time that i try to load it now.So unless if you are willing to sacrifice more of your time to fix a game to play it, then this game isn't for you.  I'll stick to my Borderlands 2 for a bit then."
,Recommended,208200,19641474,"Posted: 11 December, 2015",all,DigitalMeister <YWL>,Steven Blum Screaming Simulator.10/10
76561198136959839,Recommended,208200,19642473,"Posted: 11 December, 2015",all,D_Dorchagraine,"Great game!Full xbox 360 controller support now works, you have to enable it in the game menu. Unfortunately even with the details set to ultra on my Alienware it looks a little worse than the previous version so I am downloading the Graphics mod. Most old games are this way through steam so I am not disappointed if I expect to have to tweek something in order for it to work the way I want to. No complaints.- WARNING -If you have a blutooth headset for gaming it will not function after the first movie plays and you start the first level. This is because it has a microphone and there is no in game option to fix this in the menu. You will have to use normal speakers. I use SKull Candy Hesh 2.However........Bethesda you did nothing to improve the game aside from controller support, and as usual you had to tweek with things that made the game play worse in some areas. Also tweeking the flashlight so it only works for fifteen seconds? Also made the shotgun spread very wide so it will not kill most enemies on the first shot but three or four shots. Was a little frustrating. I have both versions of the game so I went back and forth to be sure by shooting a white wall.All in all great game 8/10"
76561198067078788,Recommended,208200,19709148,"Posted: 15 December, 2015",all,Zun0,"It has some good jump scares. You run really fast. I like the weapon choices. The game play gets procedural late-game, but other than that it's pretty fun."
,Not Recommended,208200,19712809,"Posted: 15 December, 2015",all,[EED]Beej,"This is a low-quality version of DOOM 3. If you're like me (hoovering up older games, playing them again on a higher spec machine) then this is a let down."
,Recommended,208200,19704261,"Posted: 14 December, 2015",all,The Welshman!,"It's Doom 3, what more is there to say, It is an amazing game.  I do recommend playing the original doom 3 over this one though.  I think that the original xp version, when using the proper cfg file tweaks looks better on modern o/s than this game, some of the characters look like they are smeared in vaseline, some lighting and shadow effects have been removed, and the flashlight change is something i didnt like.  but if you dont want to bother with cfg file editing then this is a good choice right out of the box.  also comes with the expansion, Ressurection of Evil and new missions.  Also included is doom 1 and doom 2."
76561198013866235,Not Recommended,208200,19662456,"Posted: 12 December, 2015",all,chrisbg0,i bought the game and went to install it and on the final part it stops and wont finish so i cant play way to waste my money
,Recommended,208200,19665914,"Posted: 12 December, 2015",all,Camman6972,If you play this game your DOOMedSorry for that
,Recommended,208200,19608566,"Posted: 10 December, 2015",all,Cheeki Breeki Iv Damke,Slightly above average gun sizes.
,Recommended,208200,19674793,"Posted: 13 December, 2015",all,SheriffJoe,"love playing the oldies, and it was at a great price."
76561197970407201,Not Recommended,208200,19656877,"Posted: 12 December, 2015",all,Dr. Venkman,"If You have the chance to get the old Doom3 than grab it!!! The ""BFG-Edition"" has no EAX Audio anymore. So all the cool soundeffects are gone..."
,Recommended,208200,19658354,"Posted: 12 December, 2015",all,HuMam GaMer,good game:)
,Recommended,208200,19629758,"Posted: 11 December, 2015",all,Dark Eclipse,remaster version will you cant tell the diffrent really but i have a ♥♥♥♥♥♥ garphic card so i dont knowbut i like the game I played it more then once (9/10) would play
,Recommended,208200,19629148,"Posted: 11 December, 2015",all,KaL,Brings back the old days :)
,Recommended,208200,10884727,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,goldy4594,love it. hope 4 is even better.
76561198086127779,Recommended,208200,11510180,"Posted: 1 August, 2014",all,Russki,One of the best ever made game in the world
76561198105574498,Recommended,208200,11499752,"Posted: 31 July, 2014",all,brokehomierob,Wanted to punch the screen during the crane part and almost♥♥♥♥♥♥myself when the spider demons came out other then that one of the best deals i ever got great gameplay
76561198022224964,Recommended,208200,11616819,"Posted: 9 August, 2014",all,PixeLED Monster,"This Version of the game has its ups and trade-off compare to the non-BFG edition. On this version you get widescreen support, support for 120hz monitor, Doom 1 and 2. which both are a good games and i highly recommend playing first if your new to the Doom franchiese and play with a keyboard instead of a controller.The only downside of those two games are if your into story  and having the game tell you why you are there nd why they are attacking you. as you will be disappointed as there is none. Doom 3 trys to throw in the story to exsplain why (mostly through PDA which hides the code to unlock storage containers and some doors).Resurrection of Evil contenue where Doom 3 left off, and introdues new enemys and weapon from Doom 3. you play as a different character (though you will still be called marine for your un-named character you play as). and have to destory an artifact before the demons get it.The Lost Mission is levels that where cut from the orginal doom 3 and got brought back on the BFG edition. You play as one of the last remaining survivers from the bravo team and without revealing too much of the story in this review.The draw back is no mod support and if mods your thing, then this isn't for you. the other downside (or upside depend on how you look at it) is compare to the non BFG edition. your flashlight is strap on to you instead being part of your weapon list and it recharges so you never run out (which is also funny how the Duct tape mod for the orginal is one of most popular mods and it does the same thing minus the recharge).now does this game worth $20? not really, i would wait till it goes on sell as you are playing a 10+ year old game that been re-re-ported from console (from pc to console as BFG edtion and back to pc as BFG edtion). But if you never played doom or own any previous doom games then get this one as you save $2 compare to buying the games that are included in this edition seprately."
76561198032231230,Recommended,208200,11740573,"Posted: 16 August, 2014",all,Ghostwhisper,Very good sequel for doom 2. Awesome package letting you play the classics too. My play hours are much lower on steam than actually played due to offline mode gaming with no internet for two weeks. Took about 30 hours to play through on marine. I suppose the only real cheapening factor is letting you save whenever sort of defeating the challenge of the game on lower difficulties. Only checkpoint saving should be turned on for a brutal shooter experience.
76561198137192154,Recommended,208200,11317886,"Posted: 19 July, 2014",all,S1r Sc0ffal0t,for some reason when i go to play doom 3 it keeps crashing and i dont know y if anyone has any idea please let me know becasue i want to play this game
76561197972406557,Recommended,208200,7596076,"Posted: 7 November, 2013",all,SpaceMonkey907,Badass game!  DOOM!
76561198017052637,Recommended,208200,10081852,"Posted: 11 May, 2014",all,Zombie Hunter(GER),"Sehr gutes Spiel, super Effekte. Auch der Spannungs und Überraschungsmoment, genial. Super Grafik  :))  Ist jeden € wert !!!"
,Recommended,208200,1889181,"Posted: 25 November, 2012",all,1Jhost1,"What I believe to be the death knell of the era of the classic shooter, DOOM 3 stands apart from a modern gaming scene over-saturated with mandatory cover mechanics, highly scripted sequences, and modern military machismo. The fast, fun, and frantic gameplay utilizes weapons from double barrel shotguns to soul-sucking ancient artifacts to the titular, room clearing BFG as you play a nameless marine slaying an army of demons from Hell, leaving little reprieve or mercy for the faint of heart, especially on the sadistic ""Nightmare"" difficulty. The action-horror atmosphere and superb sound design will have you on the edge of your seat from beginning to end."
76561197995133856,Recommended,208200,8803757,"Posted: 21 January, 2014",all,Toshiro,"All Doom Games in Pack working on modern computers. It is a great occasion to experience this pioneer FPS.Doom 1 & 2 after this many years is still very playable and gives hours of brilliant fun. Doom 3 underwent many changes, like improved graphics  (some features from Id Tech 5 has been implemented). Doom 3 comes with expansion Resurection of Evil and specialy for this edition Lost Mission.For Doom fans it is ""must have"". It is a classic shooter game where player has to shoot instead of following."
76561197970482328,Recommended,208200,18306444,"Posted: 3 October, 2015",all,fjk1138,"Doom 3 is a great horror game.  It's slower than the original Doom games, but it's more menacing.  The environments are way creepier also.That being said, the BFG version just makes things a bit sharper and prettier.  The added level feels more like a demo than anything worthwhile, and the new saving system is just plain unnecessary.  I'll recommend it for the graphical updates."
,Recommended,208200,16720000,"Posted: 26 June, 2015",all,arKtur,All Games of the Series and All Addons. Damn! It's more D00M than you can ever get! Only thing that can beat this will be the new D00M. 11 out of 10.
,Recommended,208200,11331178,"Posted: 20 July, 2014",all,Eazydzzz,Comes with the original full versions of Doom and Doom 2.
76561198021291428,Recommended,208200,18439062,"Posted: 11 October, 2015",all,Ragnar,horrorible good game!
,Recommended,208200,18723993,"Posted: 28 October, 2015",all,Lone Wolfe (Hoover1979),Recommended if you have Nvidia 3D vision (Use Quad Buffer for 3D) and get RBdoom3BFG and the HD mods.  otherwise if you already own Doom 3 $30USD is a bit steep for one short expansion.If only steam offered a discount to those with Doom 3 + ROE already in their library.
,Recommended,208200,18910162,"Posted: 6 November, 2015",all,Persian Pioneer,Too bad that it doesn't have subtitles.
76561198031447497,Recommended,208200,19046563,"Posted: 12 November, 2015",all,Sesshomaru,"This was a fun Doom, but it seemed like they got cought in the traditional gameplay and making it have a sort of story line and well, in the end they got a bit of both and so the experiance was not that great, but fun never the less. play the original Dooms to get a taste of the OG and then know what to expect from the new Doom."
,Recommended,208200,18991960,"Posted: 10 November, 2015",all,Doomblade3890,"If you already own the classic DOOM games, as well as DOOM 3 and RoE, then you may not want to buy this game.If you DON'T have any of the DOOM games, then this is a GREAT save opportunity for you. While the BFG edition is for DOOM 3, it's actually one of those ""collection"" games. In addition to getting DOOM 3, you also receive DOOM 1 and 2. Also, ID made a new campaign for DOOM 2 called ""No Rest for the Living"". These are a series of about nine(?) levels that are sure to bust your balls. They aren't levels made for the casual player, these were made for DOOM veterans who are looking for a whole new challenge.Of course, you also get the DOOM 3 games. DOOM 3 BFG edition has a few graphical updates to the DOOM 3 game, as well as improvements to the amount of ammo there is available in the world of the Mars colony. You also have your flashlight mounted to your chest, so you can use it and wield weapons at the same time now. There is also the RoE DLC thrown in, as well as a new campaign called ""Lost Mission"". You know that DOOM 3 has a lot of gameplay to offer, because there's an achievement for you if you manage to finish it in less than 10 hours (an achievement I have yet to earn), and that's just for DOOM 3. As far as the multiplayer goes, I don't think anyone plays that (I think there's literally a few people according to Gametracker, but that's not really enough to go for), but you're still bound to get TONS of hours worth of Kick-@$$ demon-shooting action with the single-player campaigns. For about twenty bucks, this is a bargain. If you wait for the Winter Sales, I think it goes down to $9.99, which is a complete STEAL.Again, if you already own DOOM 1-3 and RoE, you may not be interested in buying it again since the games just have minor tweaks to them, but if you're new to the DOOM games, this is DEFINITELY a great package to get."
,Recommended,208200,434009,"Posted: 24 March, 2013",all,3V!LP0LlUx,One of the best horror shooters of all time
76561197972429646,Recommended,208200,18980311,"Posted: 9 November, 2015",all,CyTek81,Not like the original run and gun type but still a good game and story.
,Recommended,208200,4561582,"Posted: 26 May, 2013",all,Scary Duckies,"If I'm gonna make my own Top 10 Best FPS Ever Made, this is gonna be on my list. Plus this DOOM bundle has it all, DOOM to DOOM 3 plus DOOM 3 Expansion Pack. Just wish they kept the old flashlight from the original DOOM 3, it puts a sense of fear into you."
,Recommended,208200,1777191,"Posted: 18 July, 2013",all,Fun,"This game is classic. It's been almost 10 years since this game was released, and it still looks amazing and it is worth to play it."
,Recommended,208200,4559890,"Posted: 24 November, 2012",all,Your last hope,"Just buy it, you really can play doom and doom 2 with good quality considering that they are old games and doom 3 run wonderful on my eyefinity 3 monitor configuration"
,Recommended,208200,3175276,"Posted: 29 November, 2012",all,Hola Uriberto,"If you never played any DOOM game, then this is your chance. This is a remastered version which includes all of id Software's DOOM games, including the four episodes of DOOM (Knee-Deep in the Dead, The Shores of Hell, Inferno and Thy Flesh Consumed), the two episodes from DOOM II (Hell on Earth and the special chapter originally released for XBOX, No Rest for the Living), DOOM III and its expansion Resurrection of Evil (totally remade in idtech5 engine) and a brand-new episode for DOOM III, The Lost Mission, featuring eight heart-pounding single player levels and a completely new storyline that will have players once again on the edge of their seats.All games are controller compatible and come with a nice selection screen as soon as you open it, so you can play the episode you want right away launching it from Steam Big Picture with your controller without even needing to get up from the couch. Worth your money and your while.OREMOR NHOJ, EM LLIK TSUM UOY, EMAG EHT NIW OT"
,Recommended,208200,3679668,"Posted: 3 February, 2013",all,JakkelR4psc4llion,"This is an amazing DOOM collection. In the Doom 3 Bfg edition, you get Ultimate Doom (the first Doom with the 4th chapter), Doom II (also with the additional chapter) and Doom 3 BFG edition. The BFG edition is mainly the same game as the original release, only the graphics are updated, you have a shoulder mounted flashlight that you trigger on and off while using your weapon, the Reign of Evil expansion pack is included and one more campaign (called the Lost Mission) is added. The only downside I've heard is that you can't really modify the BFG edition like you could with the original, but whatever. Doom 3 in and of itself is a masterpiece in horror-themed first person shooters, and its predecessors, while primitive gaming, are no less fun. Doom 3 multiplayer is still intact for this edition, but not the Doom 2 multiplayer (I was really curious to finally see how Doom 2 multiplayer played, but I can live without that)."
,Recommended,208200,1618244,"Posted: 24 July, 2013",all,[2dP] NandP,If you want a classic FPS shooter.......doom3 stands before god and laughs.
76561198081073976,Recommended,208200,10202116,"Posted: 22 May, 2014",all,Mediocre Joe,"Doom 3 itself is a pretty good game. Just because it isn't like 1 and 2 doesn't mean this game is bad if seen in a separate light. But not only is this Doom 3, but it comes with the awesome classics of Doom 1 and 2. Get this on sale for 5 bucks and you have just made a good deal."
76561198054152264,Not Recommended,208200,10203049,"Posted: 22 May, 2014",all,debnericj91,"this game ""Does Not Function"" - other games do ... who do I contact about getting a refund"
,Recommended,208200,10223893,"Posted: 24 May, 2014",all,Drago.,Game for children of DOS games.
76561197971167598,Recommended,208200,10211551,"Posted: 23 May, 2014",all,jstenuf,Old school and I am enjoying the hell out of this game.
,Recommended,208200,10211677,"Posted: 23 May, 2014",all,TheSystemAntic,"Intenso, the game :<"
76561197970510980,Recommended,208200,9767326,"Posted: 8 April, 2014",all,Hyperion,"Ah, this game is just as scary as when it first came out.   Yes the scares are a little repetative, but still enjoyable!"
76561198054983673,Recommended,208200,7305396,"Posted: 4 October, 2013",all,Phreakotic,One of the best fps ever made with two of it's children DOOM 2 and DOOM 3.
,Recommended,208200,7502334,"Posted: 28 October, 2013",all,Ikhaho,Alleine wegen Doom 1 und 2 einen Kauf wert. Doom 3 ist ein netter Bonus.
,Recommended,208200,3613408,"Posted: 30 September, 2013",all,Seto Kaiba,If only Eric was still alive to see this...
,Recommended,208200,9906089,"Posted: 22 April, 2014",all,Murray Porkchin,"You can hold a flashlight and a gun at the same time. Also comes with Ultimate Doom and Doom 2. Also every time you pick up an object, a monster will swagger out of a nearby closet and chew on your space marine♥♥♥♥♥♥ ♥♥♥♥in' a."
76561198097565968,Recommended,208200,9934530,"Posted: 25 April, 2014",all,Dmoneyy,"Game: Doom 3:BFG EditionGenre: Horror/ShooterRating: 9.5/10I typically wait until I play the game for many hours to write an review about a game... But I wanted to write this becasue of how epic this game is. This game is a awesome mix of a good shooter and a horror, the storyline is intersting and plenty of times where you almsot pee your pants. I know this isn't a hardcore horror game, but I don't play horror games much so I get scared easy, and I find myself constiently being scared, and having to pause the game before i enter the next door so I can get my courage up.Storyline: You basically get sent to mars and kill these evil things because an expiriment went wrongPersonal Opinion: The package is all right, but Doom  and doom 2  I didn't really like there's plenty of other better old time shooters, but Doom 3 BFG editon, is epic. It keeps you on the edge of you seat the whole time, I recommend this to anyone who likes to shoot, be scared and pee your pants."
,Recommended,208200,9392271,"Posted: 8 March, 2014",all,SuperFluffyCouchSnake,"Yes, one hundred percent yes! this game is by all means a fun game, now doom3 sure looks alittle dated but it is still a fun game and personally a fun game from games past come back from the dead and am glad to own it"
76561198070939878,Recommended,208200,7341509,"Posted: 8 October, 2013",all,Славик Наташкин,очень крутая игра!!!!всем советую
,Recommended,208200,9598809,"Posted: 22 March, 2014",all,Lynx,"Worth it for the original DOOM. Gives all the listed games proper widescreen support, definitely pick up this title if you've ever loved or had an interest in any of the DOOM games."
76561198095653948,Recommended,208200,9603186,"Posted: 22 March, 2014",all,sAUCY LASAGnA,AWESOME
76561198028577649,Recommended,208200,9341096,"Posted: 4 March, 2014",all,Boblackson34,"Its HD Doom collection, play it."
76561198126760556,Recommended,208200,11218554,"Posted: 13 July, 2014",all,glenjamin1616,"This game is possibly the best purchase I have ever made on steam. Including almost everything doom, the possibilities are nearly endless. The multiplayer for doom 3 is very fun and fast paced, and incredibly simple to set up. Doom 1 and 2 have VS mode and co-op options for multiplayer which i have spent countless hours playing with friends. The multiplayer for doom 1 and 2 is pretty confusing to set up, but if you know computers pretty well it can be done with ease. Doom 1 and 2 also have mod support, which leads this game bundle to be almost infinite, as the doom series has one of the largest amounts of mods ever. Over all near perfect bundle. The only downside i have is no co-op in doom 3, but that game is scarier by yourself anyways so singleplayer does just fine. 10 out of 10, would play again."
,Recommended,208200,7954028,"Posted: 7 December, 2013",all,AFRICAN-CHICKEN CHARMER,"As if Doom 3 wasn't cool enough, this comes with doom 1, 2, and the extra missions for doom 3."
76561198066479009,Recommended,208200,11821756,"Posted: 22 August, 2014",all,rodgozinya69,Plays even better with a game controller. New Flashligh interface is a defenitely better as you don't have to switch back and forth between your flashlight and weapons..
76561197967981534,Recommended,208200,11179730,"Posted: 11 July, 2014",all,Doggyg,"The classics are still great, and tonnes of fun!"
,Recommended,208200,10835958,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,Monolith,"As a Doom fan since I played their last games, gotta say this one is creepy as♥♥♥♥♥♥ you never know whats gonna be in the next corner and the veteran difficulty makes you wanna calculate each step you do to never lose your health(which drops quickly, and its quite rare to find medkits).Just been halfway through the original doom 3 history,but im very excited, and terrified, to play the other chapters!"
76561198138851692,Recommended,208200,10886239,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,PiatariCEO,"For twenty dollars, this game is well worth the price. At the time of typing this, it's on sale for only ten dollars! The great thing about Doom 3: BFG Edition is that it comes with Doom 1, Doom 2, and Doom 3, with DLC for all three games! The first two Doom games are action, sci-fi first person shooter games, with some horror themes, but not very scary. You violently kill monsters and demons with guns (or your fists) through multiple levels. But, then you play Doom 3. In the first two, you were a bada** with lots of guns, ammo, health, and armor. In Doom 3, you become a soldier, alone on a dark base on Mars. You have weapons and armor of course, but when you need to use them, the enemy/enemies have already attacked you. In the dark. Luckily, you have a flashlight, which can be used at the same time as your weapons. You tend to feel much more human in Doom 3 compared to the first two. Doom 3 is far more dark and scary, which is why I highly recommend it. You'll never have so much fun being scared.8/10+Lots of content for a good price+Amazing as a horror game+Impressive lighting-No real sense of direction (easy to get lost/stuck)"
,Recommended,208200,11012019,"Posted: 1 July, 2014",all,Meat Slurpee,"A must-own for any sort of DooM fan. Quite simply - it's a remastering of the third installment, DooM 3, with it's add-on content - Ressurection of Evil, and an extra short campaign entitled ""The Lost Mission"". It as well comes packaged with it's two original predeccesors, DooM 1 and 2, so that old fans can be nostalgic and newcomers might be able to taste the grandfather games of First Person Shooters.In detail - the ""Remastering"" isn't a huge hype. The original DooM 3 already looks fantastic - at least considering it was born of the early 21st century - 2000 - 2004 being it's development time, and 2004 being the release year. This era had some great game production, but nothing as technologically advanced as this. Of course, the character models and anti-aliasing could do with a tune-up, but that's exactly why it helped bring along the success of newer games, such as Dead Space - that bring it's same isolated, dark storylines --- something very reminisint of the (Surprisingly) unheard of System Shock 2.Even being a bit aged, it still brought innovation and a sort of ""Breath of fresh air"" to the FPS Horror scene, and helped carry farther what System Shock 2 started, with it's dark, tight corridors, it's feeling of isolation, and the sense that deep-space shall indeed be you burial ground --- except that you have a lot more ammunition with which to kick the seven shades of crap out of those pesky hellspawn.Anyway, I digress. The BFG edition simply smoothed out some edges, changed the PDA menu, adjusted some textures and models to a higher resolution, and changed the flashlight into a shoulder-mounted flashlight instead of one you have to take out seperately (Which I believe removes some of the fright of the game coming from it's dark enviornments).All in all, a great game package. 20$ - great value for what you're getting. If you haven't played DooM 3, or simply want a slightly better-looking version with simplified light-management that bares with it it's bloody, run-and-gun, demon-butt-kicking predeccesors, this is for you."
76561197976106403,Recommended,208200,11044186,"Posted: 2 July, 2014",all,john_dubay,"It's great so far, BFG is vastly improved over the original."
,Recommended,208200,11044629,"Posted: 2 July, 2014",all,monolyth,Doom 1 and 2 are included so you can see how awful Doom 3 is by comparison.
76561198083853601,Recommended,208200,10986038,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,MysticMyth,Keeps crashing! and here i was a fan and now this ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t!
,Recommended,208200,11464072,"Posted: 29 July, 2014",all,Allen,Doom BFG 10/10: i personally say to myself Doom3: Big ♥♥♥♥in Guns.
76561198071590616,Recommended,208200,11764722,"Posted: 18 August, 2014",all,FreakShow_Papaya,An unnamed man fighting demons on mars. Hilarious. Its a blast to blast through. I know people say it's scary but as a horror and sci-fi fan I found it just hilarious; and I mean that in a good way. Standard  FPS controls/guns/enemies. But it's demons....and Satin....on Mars.
,Recommended,208200,12266979,"Posted: 27 September, 2014",all,Windy Writer,"Nothing beats the classics, except for getting three amazing classics in one low-priced bundle. Enjoyable to the old-school DOOM players and to the 2000's kid who played DOOM 3 without permission."
76561198056967285,Recommended,208200,6000710,"Posted: 1 December, 2012",all,Japer83,"Doom...Just in case you didnt catch it...Doom..yep...thats almost enough to say but just in case; Doom was a pretty big part of my video game playing back in the day..so the ability to play the first two in their entirety((minus some wad packs, i know..but i never really cared too much about that),  is pretty awesome in itself. I had sidestepped to console for a bit((which i regret)) during doom 3 so i missed out on it. However, getting to play that as well, including the expansions for it makes for a great deal. The price tag, in itself was good as well. My only regret is that I did not wait until the steam sale to save a bit more, but then again I can say that about any number of games I have purchased, I like saving cash,lol."
76561198069871893,Recommended,208200,11323426,"Posted: 19 July, 2014",all,thelastepic,Runs super smooth. Its a great way to enjoy the Doom franchise in one simple package.
76561198138308653,Recommended,208200,11146180,"Posted: 8 July, 2014",all,Gandorlf,"Fantastic value for money... Contains DOOM, DOOM II and DOOM 3 with expansions (Co-op is not present mind!). I picked this gem up in 2014 sale so I was very pleased. The ultimate game for any DOOM fan. The beefed visuals are very nice too!"
76561198045572318,Recommended,208200,11353359,"Posted: 21 July, 2014",all,Azure2112,"I would recomend this to those if they want it for doom 1 and 2, doom 3 itself crashes after the opening cutscene so please ID, fix it and send us the update when it's ready"
76561197986650806,Recommended,208200,11306279,"Posted: 18 July, 2014",all,mgc_8787,"Great Game. Great FPS. Game might be 10 Years old since original release, but its still holds up to todays fps horror games"
76561198068348480,Recommended,208200,27379764,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,mr.sergey [R.A.S],Best FPS of my childhood (though in my childhood there wasn't BFG edition).
76561198117507989,Recommended,208200,27373246,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Hatsuke,"A combination of PC gaming history and the visceral feel of what First person shooters can be. If you need an opportunity to see what Doom is, then this is a highly recommended buy."
,Recommended,208200,24788420,"Posted: 8 August, 2016",all,Popcorn Castro,I never played any doom game till i got this i just beated it i never really got in to shooters much but this i like yeah it has scared the♥♥♥♥♥♥out of me at some points but hey i play Take over the world kind of game & this was a nice break to that i can say this made me a fan of doom now :)
76561198097675823,Recommended,208200,24786906,"Posted: 8 August, 2016",all,Izumi Sena,"doom 2 is my favorite game of all time and it is included in this pack, it comes with 2 new expansion packs, one for doom 3 called the amazing awesome ""lost levels"", and another one for doom 2! called ""no rest for the living"", so yeah I recommend the pc version of doom 3 bfg edition because of the new content, it is a good version but I don't like the fact that they removed the flashlight from doom 3, that changes the game, the good part is that the game is much more like the old dooms, it is more faster, easier to explore, its a fantastic adition for fans of the original doom like myself, but I'm hardcore fan of the doom series and I can't agree that they completely removed the flashlight as a weapon, but ok lets get to the pros and cons, oh and don't buy the console version, or you will suffer with long loading times, and 10 minutes for save and load on the doom 1 and 2, why?! well but this problem is not in the pc version ok?+doom 3 gameplay is more fast than the original+it comes with 2 expansion packs for doom 3+there is also a new expansion pack for doom 2 called no rest for the living-the classic games comes in leterbox version with obrigatory hudbar-the flashlight now looks like the flahslight from half life series10/10"
,Recommended,208200,24822663,"Posted: 11 August, 2016",all,carldj90,"If you want achievements then get the BFG Edition. You can mod Doom 1 and 2. Not sure if you can mod Doom 3 on this version.I never played this when it originally came out and just kept putting it off. Honestly some of the cutscenes are laughable and chessy, but this game does a good job with jump scares and has an interesting story."
76561198066720179,Recommended,208200,24771304,"Posted: 7 August, 2016",all,bbwolfbuyer,Play the new Doom..... You'll be happer.
,Recommended,208200,25047055,"Posted: 20 August, 2016",all,lefthook77,"Love. This. Version. Of. Doom.Even more than the latest game. Great storytelling, and plenty of truly well planned scary moments, this game stands the test of time and deserves to be a part of any gamer's collection for years to come."
76561197997193568,Recommended,208200,24928236,"Posted: 14 August, 2016",all,jjm1224,"Played the full game prior to getting it on Steam years later.  If you have the rig, the sound system, and a quiet dark area to play it, YOU WILL BE SCARED.  Outside of that it is a generic shooter, but it does well at what it does.  If you have fond memories of the original Doom, you will find this to be an actual sequel done right for once,4.4/5"
76561198089273605,Recommended,208200,24921688,"Posted: 14 August, 2016",all,Mvp023,"Doom 3 is great.  I remember when it first came out, played it on Xbox 360, and was amazed at the graphics!  It still holds up, if you can look past the blocky characters.  The gameplay is spectacular and keeps you on the edge of your seat.  Contrary to what people may think, enemies take you by surprise... A lot!  This game is an awesome arcade-style shooter that delivers on every aspect of what a good shooter should be.  It's also great that that they included the original Doom as well as Doom 2, which brings back a lot of memories.  This is a must buy for anyone that wants a fast paced, alien warfare game.  Get it!"
,Recommended,208200,23266631,"Posted: 28 May, 2016",all,Pro_Sniper_2017,"So, I finally got this game to work with the help of some tweaks to the data files. It's an alright game so far. I really do appreciate the classic DOOM an DOOM 2. I would reccomend this to any DOOM fan, which I have started to become one myself..."
,Recommended,208200,23349942,"Posted: 2 June, 2016",all,SoupKitchenSlushPuppy,"The Doom 3 BFG Edition is a must have for picky collectors who want something offering more in the line of nostalgia than gameplay and enjoyment. Still, creeping around claustrophobic corridors infested with hell knows what is fun for a good few hours.As far as multiplayer goes, all of the Doom games (except for 4) are dead. Perhaps you could find some obscure live games but you’d have to dig around.The installment comes with Doom 1, 2 and a shiny high-rez edition of the third one. The fun thing about the first two is that you actually find yourself getting small frights from the sudden appearance of a square mess of pixels representing what used to be a convincing demon.As far as the third installment goes, play it with headphones on, in the dark and by your self. Its age hasn’t lessened its horror value."
,Recommended,208200,27466692,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Ultima-Weapon,"The best collection of games there ever was or ever will be. If you love doom..... you'll love this, the only thing I don't like is that they changed some textures (like on the Med kits instead of a cross you have a red/white circle thing on it)."
,Recommended,208200,24686070,"Posted: 3 August, 2016",all,MaDShadoW,I had rent DOOM 3 to an old friend and never get it back so I bought this and I don't regret it because it has both DOOM 3 + expansions + the classics. All in the price of one
,Recommended,208200,24550022,"Posted: 26 July, 2016",all,"mac10smg, Toa of Green","I played DOOM 2016 first, on my Xbox 1. Loved it.Got the BFG edition on PC. Loving it."
76561197997136684,Recommended,208200,1733464,"Posted: 5 August, 2013",all,Chopper,Still one of the scariest FPS games to play with the sound turned up and the lights turned off.
,Recommended,208200,4188622,"Posted: 22 October, 2012",all,Temp,SCARY AS♥♥♥♥♥♥!!
,Recommended,208200,24507400,"Posted: 24 July, 2016",all,Patchi ELL *-*,<3 Just <3
,Recommended,208200,23991352,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,Imperial Guard,"Its a fun game. Nice to play when you just dont feel like getting into a time consuming game.Not something that amazing or awesome, but it is entertainingenoughand is a nice way to pass some time.Now to the bad things about it:- The textures in Doom 3: BFG Edition are kinda ugly actually ,much worse than in in the original Doom3(They just look super pixely and terrible and there is no way to change the graphic settings)Btw, if anyone knows how to fix that pls just comment it on my review i will be happy to get a answer- It seems to freez a little at save points but thats not a serious issue- I have the feeling it got ""brighter"" than it was originaly... it maybe just me idk"
76561198295149275,Recommended,208200,24102329,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,blazer8679,"The ultimate compulation of ID Software's doom franchise.Includes The Ultimate Doom,Doom 2 (with extra episode) & Doom 3 with it's expansion pack Resurrection of Evil.Also as an added bonus a extra chapter of Doom 3 ""The Lost Mission"" is included as well.With this much high quality demon blasting content you can't go wrong."
76561198105219515,Recommended,208200,23871259,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,Gnome Chompski,i have never been so happy to see demons XD anyway i looooooooooooooooooooooooooove this game its fun a great for the children believe me XD
,Recommended,208200,22146800,"Posted: 30 March, 2016",all,_-=Groove=-_,"Congratulations to the Devs, excellent work!"
76561198039967510,Recommended,208200,22191101,"Posted: 1 April, 2016",all,Madrax91,This is a good package for all you doom lover's like me. Highly recommended.
76561198214360131,Recommended,208200,25295758,"Posted: 1 September, 2016",all,OrneryBrush,wen juego
,Recommended,208200,25195397,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,Gabriel,Just finished DOOM and moving on to DOOM II... this game always helps me relax... its timeless... I used to play this in the DOS age... and somehow adding acheivments just motivated me to play it all over again.Total Recommend...
76561198220017687,Not Recommended,208200,20137623,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,10k,How do I fix the OpenGL problem on windows 10? Can anybody help me fix this problem? I was really loooking forward to playing DOOM 3: BFG Edition but I don't know how to fix it....very dissapointed....
,Recommended,208200,20165439,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,123,This is the third damn time I've bought this game.I believe it was Carmack and not Romero who made me their ♥♥♥♥♥.Good stuff. First Legal copy of Doom II I've owned in 20 years.
76561198273638153,Recommended,208200,20192636,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,matt,this is an amazing fps and has some moderately good graphics
,Recommended,208200,20132002,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,50Y,All 3 DOOM games in a nifty package! Game was mindblowing when it came out back in the days of CRT monitors and holds up nicely today. There is no finer way to gear up for the upcoming installment of DOOM so punch in IDKFA and grab your chainsaw and Super Shotgun!
76561198001683260,Recommended,208200,20308800,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,a pinata full of d4s,Comes with the original Doom. 10/10
76561197996933329,Recommended,208200,20304363,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,dafka a.k.a. etc.,DOOM! All of them in one nice neat package. Thanks.
,Recommended,208200,20351876,"Posted: 6 January, 2016",all,Motol,"LET'S TALK ABOUT DOOM AND WHY IT'S THE GRAND DADDIEST OF ALL GAMES AND CREATIONIT'S FUNIT'S VIOLENTGOOD WAY TO BLOW OFF STEAMIF YOU'RE STILL CRAVING MORE MARINE ON DEMON VIOLENCE AFTER DOOM 1, 2, AND 3 I HIGHLY RECOMMEND LOOKING INTO MODDING DOOM 1 AND 2LOOK UP BRUTAL DOOM, PROJECT BRUTALITY, RUSSIAN OVERKILL, BURL TUMD, DEMONSTEELE, ALIENS TC, AND REEL-ISMBEST DOOM MODS EVERGO PLAY THEMTHEN GO PREORDER DOOM (4) BECAUSE VIOLENTLY RIPPING DEMONS IN HALF IS THE BEST PAST TIME TO BLOW OFF THE STEAM OF A CRAPTASTIC DAY"
76561197984975851,Recommended,208200,20356043,"Posted: 6 January, 2016",all,MindBreach,"I definitely recommend Doom 3: BFG Edition! This Game comes with Doom 1, 2, and a HD version of Doom 3. If you have never played Doom before you are missing out on some great games... BTW Doom 1 and 2 running with the Brutal Mod is Amazing!!!"
,Recommended,208200,20385869,"Posted: 7 January, 2016",all,Gamerz-Zone,Classic back in bigger resolution and better graphicsOne of the best First person shooter ever made
,Recommended,208200,20449462,"Posted: 10 January, 2016",all,Bloodbeard,"Doom 3 with more ammo and the ability to turn on your flashlight while still being able to shoot your weapon. You also get Doom 1 and Doom 2 alongside, which can be accessed WITHIN the game.BFG feels less horror-centric than Doom 3, since you have more ammo and he aforementioned feattures. Frankly, I feel this is great and helps evoke feelings of my one true love: Ultimate Doom. The only people complaining about BFG's features are the ones who never truly enjoyed classic Doom, which is FAR superior to Doom 3. Doom is about fast placed run and gun, not boring walk 5 feet and wait for an enemy to spawn behind you.Doom 3 is still Doom, and therefore great, it just went in a different direction, and feels like an offshoot of the main series. I still highly reccomend it, and Doom 1 and 2 have achievements so those are worth playing too.Its Doom ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s."
,Recommended,208200,20428784,"Posted: 9 January, 2016",all,Stockiin',This is a VERY GOOD GAME!
,Recommended,208200,20391785,"Posted: 7 January, 2016",all,Mike @ FistsofHeaven,"I was already a fan of Doom 3, and this is Doom 3 for modern machines.  It just works, and it's just scary, and it continues to be awesome.If you're a Doom 3 fan but want something that 'just works', grab this.  I got it because I played the original doom 3 but not the expansion and I wanted to play that, and I was pleasently surprised how well it worked without having to mess with a cfg file or anything.If you like horror games and haven't played Doom 3, definitely get this.  Doom 3 is what got me into horror games."
76561198098572764,Recommended,208200,20410711,"Posted: 8 January, 2016",all,Barry McStrawberry,I have never been more scared in my life.10/10 would ♥♥♥♥ my pants again.
,Recommended,208200,7420581,"Posted: 18 October, 2013",all,Wheels and Doors,"Pretty good game, not a big fan of censorship though."
76561198111167287,Recommended,208200,18391773,"Posted: 8 October, 2015",all,蚊子好强,不多说了，ID绝唱，胆小勿入，我fps水平最高的一段时间的成就就是打通doom3及其资料片的地狱难度：第一人称魂斗罗，你虚不虚？
,Not Recommended,208200,22128616,"Posted: 29 March, 2016",all,TheSte@myPickle,It worked when I had windows 7 doesnt work with 10. Also tried with Bethesda for help it got me no where. I emailed them multiple times they kept responding like they didnt get any emails but you could see it all there on the screen in the reply. Freaking lame
,Recommended,208200,22040524,"Posted: 25 March, 2016",all,LeMat,This pack has two brilliant games. Also Doom 3 is included. Pick it up on sales but not worth of paying the price in full
76561197974621773,Recommended,208200,22000283,"Posted: 23 March, 2016",all,bld - f*ckerpuller,A true classic shooter. Need more games like this nowadays. And a pair of clean panths.
76561198156567368,Not Recommended,208200,21968004,"Posted: 21 March, 2016",all,craigw45,"Everything starts off fine when its time to began a meesage comes up that the game has stopped, Is there something I can try to fix this problem"
,Recommended,208200,21995565,"Posted: 22 March, 2016",all,uac.flynn.taggart,"Doom was the absolute best in gameplay for 20 years. Now they are making a new one! After they revolutionized the multiplayer platform their work in the 3d graphics and engine was unparrelled. Their toiling from ground up work made for some of the best and most stable games. Graphics might be lacking to alot of peoples standards but the code work of idsoftware more than makes up for any graphical short comings, and battles in doom have always been the best. The choice of run/flashlight buttons are mixed up for some reason and don't work when swapped. Whoever put run on LSB is crazy. Default should have been like LT. Other than the control feels.... unnatural because of this.If I was going to put a stamp on any game as an absolute must own it would be IDSoftwares Doom series."
,Recommended,208200,22211791,"Posted: 2 April, 2016",all,Supercalmania,"Yes, we are all excited for the new Doom that is supposed to launch next month and I've been going through and playing Doom 1, Doom 2 Hell on Earth and Doom 3. Since I've played the original Doom 3 and the Doom 3 BFG Edition, I figured I would share my thoughts on it, but I will specifically review Doom 3 BFG Edition. Well here it is.SummaryLike in all Doom games, the unnamed space marine (also known to us Doom fans as ""Doomguy"") is basically a representation of me and you. You land on Mars to track down and bring back a scientist but before you can detain him, the portal to Hell in the Delta Labs malfuctions and opens bringing in it's inhabitants: Demons. The scientist, many others, security and marines die in the chaos. As you explore the Mars base, the environment deteriorates bringing in more intimidating demons and some parts of Hell merge with it. You have to do everything in your power to stop the demonic invasion.There are a variety of weapons in the game, from the simple pistol to the BFG (Also known to us as the Big ♥♥♥♥ing gun). You can't use the same weapon for every type of demon or zombie that you encounter, there are many situations where you will need to change your weapon. For example, a pistol won't do ♥♥♥♥ to a Mancubus.Some complaints that I have with the game revolves around the fact that Doom 3 and Doom 3 BFG Edition and it's expansions are not like other Doom games that exist. ID Software tried to make this Doom appeal to people who like the horror genre, but it wasn't executed very well as it only gives off a couple of jumpscares. The flying Imp at the end of the open doorway may surprise me a little bit, but it certainly doesn't have me screaming and jumping out of my seat and as I play it more and more it comes as less of a surprise to me. Most jumpscares in this game are scripted up the ♥♥♥ that everything becomes more predictable as you keep replaying the game and it's expansions. Doom 3 only has you moving at a limited speed, there's not many large open spaces and you do have to reload in this game.Pros+Variety of enemies to fight.+Variety of weapons to use, each used for different situations.+Long campaign.Cons-It's not that scary.... at all.-Have to reload your weapons.-Lack of a variety of environments.-Lack of large open spaces.-Gameplay wasn't like other Doom titles.ConclusionThis is still a decently good game, but considering the fact that ID Software made this to appeal to the horror fans made me think that they left us Doom fans out of their mind. If you are bored as ♥♥♥♥ and you want to speed up time, then this game at it's price is for you. However, if you are a hardcore Doom fan and you don't like how Doom 3 was executed, then don't pick this up."
76561198095309674,Recommended,208200,22161989,"Posted: 31 March, 2016",all,Ky-Bear Old No.7,
,Recommended,208200,22222760,"Posted: 3 April, 2016",all,Princess Wario,"I don't know if I should recommand the game but I spent a good time on doom 1, a bit of doom 2...Doom 3 got old real quick and the game design is really old and borring but it's nice to see how the franchise went so far, and still how funny doom is !"
76561198091100689,Recommended,208200,21971316,"Posted: 21 March, 2016",all,koridor,Yes.
,Recommended,208200,14181054,"Posted: 26 January, 2015",all,Bonedaddy,HUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUGE GUTS
,Recommended,208200,22120642,"Posted: 29 March, 2016",all,JareBread,i didn't realise this came with both dooms until after i purchased it.
,Recommended,208200,22520105,"Posted: 19 April, 2016",all,Spartan_NUFC,Basically Doom 3 without holding the flashlight and more ammo.
76561198121352018,Recommended,208200,22542166,"Posted: 20 April, 2016",all,djle43,"Doom 1 & 2 are still awesome games, work great. Doom 3  I cannot get to work, it starts off ok then when it is going to mars city it will stop and go to a white screen and say there is a problem, that really sucks cause i was looking forward to that game. not sure what  to do."
76561198033638418,Recommended,208200,22462055,"Posted: 16 April, 2016",all,our2boys,You gott have this If your gonna get the remade verson that is coming. This having include the original DOOM and DOOM II  from ID that was one of the Godfathers of FPS. Yes I'm being a nerd about it but when I played the orginal back when I was in Highschool I couldn't help but become loyal to them. Thgey have made almost all awsome games Rage is the only game mistake they made. They held back too much on that. But with the new Doom coming you gotta buy this. If not to play the Doom 3 but the orginals that come with it.
,Recommended,208200,22473599,"Posted: 17 April, 2016",all,Varanis Blackclaw,"The forefather of first person shooters as we know it saw reinvention and rebirth some 11 years after it first revolutionized (if not invented) the genre of FPS. What Id Software brought to the table was a game-changing new graphics engine that pushed real-time lighting and 3D-relief ""bump mapped"" textures to polygon graphics that made startlingly real environments to serve as the Martian horrorhouse that became the setting of what was to be not a true sequel, but a reboot of the series.Doom 3 came across as a more cinematic and survival horror-themed take on the tale of one lone soldier's struggle to contain the hordes of Hell after a science experiment let them out across an isolated research station on Mars. They vied to reach Earth where they could take a more permanent hold on the mortal realm, but with an almost academic arsenal of firepower and a few tricks, the player must drive them back, eventually entering Hell itself to seal the hole created in reality from the other side.Open environments with color-coded locked doors and a maze-like construction gave way to linear progression through a much darker and more claustrophic base. The backtracking of the original games was replaced with a series of ""boo"" moments as demons jumped from every vent, doorway, and even materialize around, behind, or sometimes right on top of the player. Suspense and hair-trigger gameplay replace the circle-strafing constant-action of the originals, while a much stronger focus on story, both told in cinematics and collectable audio logs, certainly made this modern iteration of Doom more of an interactive thrill ride than before.The sheer darkness of the game can be overcome with a little bit of config file tweaking, as can the game's orignial 4:3 aspect ratio, field of view, and resolution options (make sure to set the config file as read-only after modding or it will revert), but players of more recent shooters will cry at this game's lack of weapon shouldering or even any kind of appreciable zoom aiming. The ""monster closets"" get a bit old after a few hours in, and the scare factor is thus reduced, but the game's atmosphere is the stuff of legend, especially in the way it makes players choose between wielding their flashlight and seeing what's hiding in every blackened corner, or firing at those glowing eyes in the darkness and hoping whatever it is doesn't eat you.The ""BFG Edition"" of this game released almost 8 years after the original adds a new episode consisting of recently-finished levels cut from the original game, but otherwise removes some of the more suspensful encounters, plus ups the enemy count, reduces their health, and increases ammo in order to make a more action-heavy shooter. This diminishes the horror feel, especially in the way it mounts the flashlight onto the armor, so players can shoot and see in the dark simultaneously, but this I feel takes away from what the game was all about: fear of the unknown. Plus ""BFG Edition"" also presets the widescreen mode and higher resolutiond to default, which is handy, but increases gamma and brightness to higher levels by default, further eroding the horror feel.I get what Id Software was trying to do here, but it didn't really need to be done. If the idea of optional motion blur, higher frame rate caps (120fps max), or perhaps a bit more saturated color palette borrowed from the more-recent Rage engine, with -some- cleaned up textures sounds good to you, then maybe the BFG Edition is worth checking out. Otherwise, the original game holds up enough over time to still be a great suspenseful take on the 90's classic."
,Recommended,208200,29223402,Posted: 13 January,all,SFFB||csgoatse.com,"It's good. That's all. It features the 35-fps-locked DOOM, DOOM II, and DOOM 3. The BFG edition i guess adds the duct-tape mod to DOOM 3 so you don't have to choose between source of light or means of killing. My opinion on DOOM 3 is it's very.. Dirty. It's not like the first two, everything's changed and i don't know which direction.Overall if you are going to buy DOOM 1&2 do buy this bundle because it's good value. You get DOOM 3 basically remastered gameplaywise. Although this review is kind of for DOOM 3, i won't criticize it, simply because this would become too long. If you are looking for the best♥♥♥♥♥kicking, brutal genuine DOOM feeling, get Brutal Doom. Seriously, check it out"
,Recommended,208200,10149230,"Posted: 17 May, 2014",all,Korbo,Get it.Just not full price.
76561198051385151,Recommended,208200,25931201,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,driek,"For most old game the nostalgia ends after a couple of minutes. Not Doom. I have been playing Doom since the shareware floppy version and it isstillfun. I am sure I have bought both 1, 2 and 3 before but lost the disks, 10/10 will buy again."
76561198012621177,Recommended,208200,25113009,"Posted: 24 August, 2016",all,Robensnest59,Very Pleased with this game again for the second time.Yes I have played this game before but that was years ago. When I played then I stopped playing it when the Hell area opened up because it all seemed a little too freaky. Yet this time I played right to Ending with boss fights and all something I was allways unsure of because of my skill level. So this time I finished it and it had me on the edge of my seat alot kind of closing my eyes briefly. The Hell area was somewhat freaky but I got through it. Yes it was quite the game well worth investing my time and my money into. I suppose that there are other games scarier than this one but when your right into it this game gives you a shaking regardless. R A.E
,Recommended,208200,25103850,"Posted: 23 August, 2016",all,jsnipy,Still edgy.
76561198213243237,Recommended,208200,25199122,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,danny22002,Awesome game I recommend it for sure! I got doom 4 and I never played doom3 or the expnation's so I figured I would give it a go. Beat the game in 3 days I could not wait to play it! So worth it!
,Recommended,208200,26324295,"Posted: 30 October, 2016",all,Despondent Sebby,"The original Doom 1 and 2 are great. Really fun and can get fairly challenging at times. Definitly nothing scary because of the graphics, however I do still enjoy them and the retro feel; maybe you'll get caught off guard a few times when you don't realize there's still an enemy at your back. I may have had problems from time to time finding out how to open the exit or finding secrets in a few levels, but it doesn't take from the overall experience. Took me about 10 to 15 hours to get through the entirity of them, and you can get many more hours out of these games thanks to mod community (Brutal Doom is definitely reccomended). I feel like Doom 1 may have been more fun, but both will certainly be worth playing for years to come.Now for the main game, Doom 3. I've played through once so far on Marine difficulty (normal), not RoE or Lost Mission expansions. I got the Speed Run achievement (finish in 10 hours or less) without really trying to, so it's not too long. However it does end up feeling a bit longer due to repetitiveness. Can't honestly say it's a whole lot of fun playing.There may be a few times where the ambience gets a little creepy, but never scary. You'll get plenty of cheap jumpscares, such as a few occasions where enemies will leap at you through a doorway as it's opening. None of the bosses really felt awesome and powerful. By halfway through, the game was starting to get a bit repetitive; find out where to go, it's locked, go find the key, come back and progress.One thing that gets annoying is the shotgun; it's crazy inaccurate with a massive spread, you need to more or less run right into enemies for it to be effective. All of the weapons feel pretty mediocre too, though this may be because I'm more accustomed to weapons which are more realistic thanks to the modern shooters.Overall I'd say Doom 3 pretty average. Don't really feel like it was worth playing, but it certainly wasn't bad.If anything, get this on sale if you haven't experienced the original Doom games."
76561198102093684,Recommended,208200,25852077,"Posted: 4 October, 2016",all,gametron59,"A great collection of the that contains Doom, Doom II and Doom 3 all of which you should definatley play.So if you want to get into Doom look no further and buy this collection"
,Recommended,208200,24733468,"Posted: 5 August, 2016",all,Gregg,"YESSSSSSSSSSSSS [Really good, but its Doom 3 though.]"
,Recommended,208200,26135180,"Posted: 20 October, 2016",all,A.G.¥10,"This copy of Doom I and II includes a free copy of Doom 3, should you ever be bored enough to plod around that for an hour or so before turning it off. More importantly, this is the most accessible version of Doom I and II for new players who don't want to emulate DOS and don't know how to run a source port yet. Speaking of which, the realy fun begins once you're running the Doom I and II WADs included with this version in the source port of your choice. I recommend GZDoom if you like pretty lights, or Chocolate Doom if you want to retain the vanilla experience.BFG edition offers smoother controls over DOS, and that makes the game ""easier"" in a sense, but the rendering of dark sections, I feel is more important to a vanilla playthrough, and while DOS version caps at 35fps, I am not able to get a smooth 35fps through emulation, even on a pretty decent PC. I really wish had an option to raise or disable the frame-limit, but you can do that in source ports.What BFG Edition offers over a source port is configuration-free rendering authenticity. Though the resolution is higher, and the scaling is better, you will notice the dark sections are as dark as they need to be. While source ports have many more options, they usually aren't preconfigured in such a way that these dark areas won't be too bright--and a new player may not realize it's supposed to be almost pitch black in this one area, and the difficulty suffers. If this is your first playthrough you won't know how things are *supposed* to look, and that's basically why I think newcomers should play the first time in the BFG engine. It's a consistent experience for all users that doesn't require prior knowledge of the game, DOS, or PC game modding, and you can't unintentionally break the near-vanilla experience.No matter which version of Doom you buy, you will suffer a couple annoyances ar antiquities on the way to configuring and running the source port of your choice. BFG Edition wins over DOSbox versions in my book, especially for newcomers, because If I suggest the DOSbox versions to a friend I may then have to explain the archaic concept of Mouse Scooping and how to disable it. It's really too bad Final Doom wasn't included in this release so it could be run in the BFG client and have Achievements.By the way, in the BFG client you can't use any cheats, which I guess would mess up the achievements or something. You also can't use AlwaysRun, indeed the caps lock key does nothing. You also don't really get any setup options. What you do get is An easy to run port of the games running in the Doom 3 client, and copies of the WAD files for Ultimate Doom, Doom II, and the latest ""expansion"" to Doom II made by Nerve Software which was I guess included in the X360/PS3 ports of Doom II.I don't often use the BFG client unless I'm going for an Achievement. I primarily use GZDoom as it is my port of choice. The gresatest value in this or any official classic Doom release is the WAD files themselves, so you can run them in any port you want and check out some cool mods. But Doom I and II are great games in their own right. It's annoying that there is so much fragmentation between the current official releases of all these games."
,Recommended,208200,26116235,"Posted: 19 October, 2016",all,Goose274,"I thought this was a great installment in the DOOM series, plus I got DOOM 1 and DOOM II which I didn't previously have on steam, oh and there are ACHIEVEMENTS!!! :)"
76561198122609425,Recommended,208200,24581537,"Posted: 28 July, 2016",all,cagatay.kilincday,"A true classic. Strongly suggested if you love the series & have a 3d monitor. Been playing for 8 hours straight alone in the dark on 55"" 3d tv and I'm afraid I'm stuck here untill daylight :)"
76561198273236537,Recommended,208200,27762453,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Chris A,"Love ti great game,  played many hours, got the ""the necropolis"" unable to beat the boss ending but figure I am close to very end of game, so happy to call it quits there, may go back and play again,  wish they had a  way to bypass this at basic level."
76561198074471803,Recommended,208200,27740933,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,The Mad Pyrotechnic,love this
,Recommended,208200,27699138,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,SpookyArrow,Best use of a farm animal super turbo turkey puncher 3
76561198156427167,Recommended,208200,22335482,"Posted: 10 April, 2016",all,Stanley Harding,Doom (1993) (id Software):10/10!The Ultimate Doom - Episode 4 - Thy Flesh Consumed (1995) (id Software - GT Interactive): 10/6.Doom II: Hell on Earth (1994) (id Software - GT Interactive):10/10!No Rest for the Living (2010) (Nerve Software):10/8.Doom 3 (2004) (id Software - Activision):10/9.Resurrection of Evil (2005) (Nerve Software - id Software):10/8.The Lost Mission (2012) (id Software - Bethesda Softworks):10/7.
76561198046968776,Recommended,208200,27311097,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,About thirty ninjas,You get to punch turkeys. 10/10
,Recommended,208200,27148513,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,King Robin,"Best for, to have all 3 games and the expansions."
,Recommended,208200,27165871,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Dinkman72,This is one of my favorite franchises and I like the fact BFG edition came with Doom and Doom II. This is a good buy if you like the series.
76561198049704512,Recommended,208200,27316838,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Mccoolenstein,"Doom 3, the first game I ever played that made me nervous to go down a dark corridor. Not out of fear, for the dark nor the monsters, but simply due to the fact that I KNEW there was going to be an ""oh,♥♥♥♥♥♥"" moment just around the corner. To this day, the gameplay still feels solid, the atmosphere memorable and immersive, the dark corners still demanding the attention they deserve, the bfg still feels too good to be true.Also, the first crying person I ever ran into in a video game (Played well before steam release, btw) might still haunt my dreams sometimes. Maybe."
,Recommended,208200,27275225,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Boa Noite,"Definitely not the best doom game, but an awesome game nonetheless, it's less of a hack and slash game and is more focused on horror and story telling elements, still quite fun to play trough, specially if you like collecting everything and finding cool easter eggs alluding to the series, development or popular culture."
,Recommended,208200,27258430,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,TheDunwichHorror,"I guess DOOM 3 is what this game is supposed to be for, but the real winners are DOOM and DOOM 2. All three are good games, but nothing beats the classics.11/10, would run face first into Cyberdemon rockets again."
76561198035091625,Recommended,208200,4287422,"Posted: 25 October, 2012",all,Jesus Crist,Pro fanoušky naprostá nutnost. Sjednocení všech tří dílu je to nejlepší co ID software mohl udělat.
,Recommended,208200,27212365,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Austin,Doom 3 isn't great in my opinion but this bundle is worth it for the updated versions of Doom and Doom II in HD with achievements.
76561198264559212,Recommended,208200,24210044,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,LoKiV,"Nostalgia upon nostalgia on my new PC. Owned Doom3+expansion but doesn't work on Win10, even with all the advice supplied on the net (compaitibility modes, downloading additional files, amending settings, editing files, etc.). Bougth steam's Doom BFG version and no problem - installed and started to play without fancy footwork. Big fan of Doom since it was one of my first games on my first PC. Shareware version came with Doom1 episode 1 missions 1-9...Still great fun to replay through the old versions. Loved Doom3 with it's creepy atmosphere and can't wait to play the lost missions that's included in the BFG edition. I may be a fan-boy, but I see no problems with the BFG edition of Doom, except for my missing flashlight, that is! All of the first three versions of Doom in one package - An absolute gem!"
76561197969602439,Recommended,208200,26644763,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,Inky_Enston,"Due to the techincal wizardry in the Tech game engine and general performace issues of the time, DOOM was written as more of a full blow Res-Evil-on-Mars rather than the balls-out kill fest we were used to (less CPU/GPU intensive). This spawned some hate foor Doom, at the time. I loved this DOOM as much as I do all others and, I still do to this day."
,Recommended,208200,27007634,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,davidx36098,"All three are great games, while all in one package."
76561198109233713,Recommended,208200,26847552,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Lord Gamer,Tke doom 3 add the original doom game 1 and 2 add better effects with the exspansions of doom 3 and you have doom bfg edition
,Recommended,208200,26808945,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Xenodonice,3 Doom games in one package. What's not to like?
76561198025141228,Recommended,208200,26912043,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,mattheinsane,"With the new Doom that came out, suddenly it seemed like it was the cool thing to bash this game.  Honestly, this game is pretty damn fun, and any real issues that the original game had, the BFG edition fixes pretty well.  With Doom 3, the two expansions to it and the original games with it as well, you can't really get any better deal."
76561198090130754,Recommended,208200,16431114,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,Cap'n Crunch,"I have been playing this game recently and I am enjoying it so far, I would definitly recommend this game!"
,Recommended,208200,16231143,"Posted: 6 June, 2015",all,Force Lemmy,Pretty good lol
,Recommended,208200,15865461,"Posted: 16 May, 2015",all,oddtoxin,3spookey5me
76561198060563146,Recommended,208200,16538010,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,BliZia,"My friend watched me play and said:""This game is like the prison show, the one where Kids get into trouble alot then get sent to see what Prison is like and what not.""That sums up my experience."
76561198109565005,Recommended,208200,17240889,"Posted: 26 July, 2015",all,simshady,Brilliant games. Brought back a few memories.
,Recommended,208200,17243307,"Posted: 26 July, 2015",all,earn.gg | pravum,All really good games. just wish more people played multiplayer..
76561197988893731,Recommended,208200,17244712,"Posted: 26 July, 2015",all,Idylehandz,gg
,Recommended,208200,17246706,"Posted: 26 July, 2015",all,0utshined,well.
,Recommended,208200,17219229,"Posted: 25 July, 2015",all,nauvoo,"AAA, love it!"
,Recommended,208200,17072154,"Posted: 15 July, 2015",all,Loverin,"Well, to begin with, I never actually played the original Doom 3.I bought this version when it came out (ik, long ago), when I got my gaming PC working, so I have to say, it is, for me, one remarkable game.But f*ck it, you are here for the game review, not for any life story.Well, doom 3 is one hell of a game (pun intended). But really, I really had a great time with it. And no matter what anyone says, marine is my new hero, I mean, c'mon, the ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ went to hell, killed thousands of demons and went back home just fine.The gameplay is fast (some may say that the older ones were a lot more, but well, I still think it's fast), the atmosphere is great, the soundtrack was fine.The story, in the other hand, seems like a weird mix of Metal and Half-Life, I never really got interested for it. It could be summarized by:You are a bad♥♥♥♥♥marineSome science guys opened a gate to hell.Shoot those demons.The other 2 extra singleplayer modes are... well, basically the same.You are a bad♥♥♥♥♥marineSome science guys opened a gate to hell. Again.Shoot those demons. Again.It also comes with the original games. Not sure why the bothered doing so, you can find them online, but hey, it's something.8/10, best ""check behind you"" simulator in the market.Can't wait for Doom4"
,Recommended,208200,12855942,"Posted: 8 November, 2014",all,MaitreLynx,+ Achievements+ New graphics and 1080p support+ New multiplayer
76561198041752396,Recommended,208200,12857515,"Posted: 9 November, 2014",all,Za,Be sure to mod it up. Look for over bright light fix and grab Brutal Doom for the retro classics. With a little work this is an excellent value.m
76561197996264883,Recommended,208200,1674846,"Posted: 24 November, 2012",all,Dad,"Even though I've played original Doom 3 back in 04, this time around with BFG I really enjoyed and I feel like I'm experiencing it for the first time. Gave me hours of fun play time. Defenitely recommended, whether you played original Doom 3 or this is your first time!"
76561198086116197,Recommended,208200,12812128,"Posted: 5 November, 2014",all,KielbasaQueen,"My all-time favorite shooter series wrapped into one package. I mainly bought it so I could have all the old games and their campaigns, but Doom 3 and RoE are still pretty fun too. 8/10"
76561197970343201,Recommended,208200,12906534,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,naD,"While I think the original is better for mood (really creepy), this one is great for just blasting away!"
76561198054627970,Recommended,208200,8382787,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,The Real Radish,"Let me just change this review it was a bad review before now its a good one it turns out it was my computers fault but this game is great the graphics are meh the gunplay/gameplay is fun it kinda has a intresting plot if bother to follow it and playing the classic dooms is just great seriously just go ahead and buy this if you enjoyed Doom 1,2 and 3 and the dlc with it but probly wait until its on sale cause this doesent really improve much. I would give this a 7/10."
,Recommended,208200,13307009,"Posted: 10 December, 2014",all,AlCapwnUK,Worth it for complete Doom and Doom II alone
,Recommended,208200,13490507,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,WChrisMullen,"This game is a package deal with the first two Doom games and Doom 3. It is not a perfect package, however. Doom 1 and 2 are censored, removing the red crosses on the medikits and re-skinning the Wolfenstein-themed secret levels in Doom 2 to remove Swastikas (presumably to sell the game without issues in Germany). For this reason, I recommend finding a de-censoring patch tool to restore these elements. The package includes a new 9-level campaign for Doom 2, No Rest for the Living, which had previously only been available on XBox 360. The Final Doom campaigns and the Master Levels for Doom 2 are not included, so you will need to purchase them separately. The WAD files for Doom 1 and 2 are compatible with most source ports and mods.Doom 3 is almost identical to the original 2004 version, except the awkward ""no duct tape on Mars"" problem has been fixed. You can use the flashlight with any weapon equipped, making the game much faster and smoother to play without needing to switch weapons every time you see an enemy in the dark. It includes a new campaign, the Lost Mission, which just re-uses assets from the base game and Resurrection of Evil. It's probably the weakest part of the package. No new guns, enemies, or environments at all. It's also worth noting that none of the mods for the 2004 release work with this version.I recommend this package because the games included are of high quality, but if you already own them separately it's not worth a second purchase."
,Recommended,208200,13398763,"Posted: 15 December, 2014",all,unf,"I remember playing the original Dooms when I was little...I have to say, this isn't a disappointment. I love BFG Edition. Reminds me of all the good times I'd hide behind the couch and watch as my father played."
,Recommended,208200,13325249,"Posted: 11 December, 2014",all,kitmythie,"Doom 1 & 2 bring back great memories of school. Sure, the graphics are dated, but this was before jumping was a thing in FPS. The aim is off, it's sometimes frustrating to find all the secrets, but I had hours of fun playing this back in the '90s. I may never make par, but I'll have fun blacklisting myself from the Ammo Conservation Society. It's easy to master the controls. I regret (almost) nothing."
76561198058287620,Recommended,208200,6064948,"Posted: 9 June, 2013",all,rudog311,"Haven't played this since '98,  but it's everything I remember and more with Doom 3 added. Lets put it this way, over 62 hours in a week? My wife is ready to do a job on me. Still a lot of levels to reach. One of the first best shooter games ever. Total recommendation for everyone!"
76561198062650313,Recommended,208200,15574232,"Posted: 26 April, 2015",all,dalehalo,good game
,Recommended,208200,28743875,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,IkBenJam,Very fun. All the games in this collection are a blast. Literally. You'll see ♥♥♥♥ing explosions.
,Recommended,208200,28938881,Posted: 2 January,all,alonsoII,As good as expected.  Great time playing.
76561198354030664,Recommended,208200,28759974,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,Pander,love this game so much.  There should be more horror action games like this around
76561198087313362,Recommended,208200,28773675,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,john_ergine,"This one has aged really well and the minor improvements of the BFG Edition make it that much more playable. Sure, there are no subtitles and the sounds could use an overhaul. It’s a little dungeony for the contemporary FPS player,  but the experience is still extremely intense. I think it gave me PTSD all over again."
76561198102440912,Recommended,208200,29046802,Posted: 5 January,all,Prim,it was fun 10/10 would buy again
,Recommended,208200,29083038,Posted: 7 January,all,Lord-James-Wolf,well all the doom's in one place. Sounds like endless fun well worth the penny's
76561198051058155,Recommended,208200,29118524,Posted: 8 January,all,Helghast kitty,"bought this game to play doom 3realized doom 3 was kinda boringrealized this game came with doom 1 & 2tried them outrealized my life was a liei put alot more than 13 hours into doom 1 & 2 because this game gives you the wads for them, and i used those to just play a crap ton of mods that weren't played from the steam folder, so steam didn't account for my many hourse in brutal doom, demonsteele, or the crap ton of custom maps out for the first 2 games.Haven't looked into modding for doom 3 yet though"
76561198023592625,Recommended,208200,28988777,Posted: 3 January,all,BeastMan,This game is GREAT!
,Recommended,208200,29007859,Posted: 4 January,all,Feldman9000,"Talk about a game that stands the test of time. Still gorgeous, doesn't feel like a traditional Doom game, but damn the hype for this game 15 years ago was sick. Still really fun."
76561198176717081,Recommended,208200,21935645,"Posted: 19 March, 2016",all,GriffeyJoons24,Does anyone want to play online with me anytime?
,Recommended,208200,23637497,"Posted: 18 June, 2016",all,NRGKO,"So Doom 3: BFG Edition gets some real stick from critics and fans alike. The main criticisms are drawn from the controls, specifically the missing out of a hotkey weapon system, which is definitely, given the fast paced nature of the game and the variety of enemies, a big minus. Sometimes you want to rocket launcher those Cacodemons, Plasma Gun these Hell-knights and then finish off with a good old fashioned punch-up with those zombies and you want to be able to do that in the same area instead of having to decide who's getting fisted and where. It's a lot like real life in that respect.The other problem is the use of the flashlight in the game. In the original Doom 3, whenever there's a darkened area the player has to whip out the flashlight to see and can't use a weapon unless they actively switch to one, and then there's no flashlight. This sounds like an improvement but it's actually not. It was very tense exploring those dark corners practically unarmed and then if♥♥♥♥♥♥went down you had no choice but to whip out the ol' chainsaw and wildly slash at the shadows. It's these two big decisions that add an element of hand-holding which has NEVER been what Doom is about.Fans have also complained, and rightly so, that the Doom and Doom II games included in the package are CENSORED, some Nazi memorabilia and placement of crosses and things were taken out. This has never occured in Doom history either and consdering the fame and legendary status the series garnered from being controversial 20 years ago, it's a totally unneccessary diservice to the fans.That aside, Doom 3 and it's expansion Resurrection of Evil, are largely untouched weirdly (one would assume that the more recent game would be the likely candidate for censorship but no). They are the same save for marginally improved visuals, a bit more gore and an auto-save system which also got some negative press but I rather like.The reason I play Doom is sometimes when you come home from work, you don't want to be dazzled by story or made to think and reflect. You want to be brow-beaten by legions of demons, splattered with blood and deafened by explosions and taken to your happy-place. It may say something odd about me that my happy-place is Hell but I know I'm not alone in feeling this, everyone loves Doom.This version, as I stated, contains (censorship aside) the full versions of Doom, Doom II and Doom 3, all expansions and a short new single-player campaign. ID have dumped on us, to make up for shortcomings, an absolute truckload of Doom to consume. This is fine by me, and when I play it I have a blast. So if you don't care that much about the aforementioned controversies and just want Doom, go for it, it's convenient and it's all in one place. However, if you care about the evils of censorship and don't want to be seen to support it, just buy them individually, it's not much of a trade-off. I wish I did that.Still gets a thumbs up from me anyway."
,Recommended,208200,28890162,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,Fox McCloud,Pretty spooky but fun. Sometimes it's refreshing to play a game in a series that does something different. Oh and I guess Doom I and II are included.
,Recommended,208200,8953311,"Posted: 2 February, 2014",all,Reikinae,"I love this game from finish to end. Spooked me many,many times. Its a thumbs up for me"
,Recommended,208200,29332261,Posted: 17 January,all,btnkdrms,If you don’t already have any of the Doom games on your PC (for some reason) this is the one to get – it’s actually fun and the tweaks for Doom 3 make it more tolerable than when Doom 3 first came out if you're the headstrong action guy who likes to shoot first and ask questions never.Enhanced versions of Doom and Doom ][ are great as they take advantage of your system hardware and are just as good (if not better) now than when they first came out a hundred million internets ago.
76561198035685114,Recommended,208200,32052636,Posted: 29 May,all,FoxyRussianLady,"Doom 3 BFG contians Doom 3 and expansion, Doom 1, Doom 2 and expansion.  What is doesn't contain, Final Doom and Master Levels for Doom 2 (both avliable on Steam). It's a great nearly complete package that is a solid entrance point for new people to the series. Only minor complaints around for me.For fans of the original doom 3, sorry the flashlight is tied to a button, so it can be equipped along with a gun. Boring I know, but it makes gameplay flow sligtly better imo and also I feel like these Marines would have had that technology...."
,Recommended,208200,31086128,Posted: 11 April,all,Microsoft EXCELSIOR!,"Lock, stock, the smoking barrels of a shotgun, and disintegrating demon guts on the wall. DOOM is bad***. So what's better than one DOOM game? THREE!Congratulations now YOU'RE the montage of an inordinate amount of violence, chainsaws, punching demons because you're a complete badass, Turbo Turkey Puncher 3, explosions, more violence, gratuitous violence, deeply satisfying violence, and kicking even more of Hell's ***. Have fun doing it."
,Recommended,208200,32144726,Posted: 2 June,all,DarkScythe13,"While it's a bit of a shame that it doesn't support older mods, it's nice to have a newer updated version of the game out.Doom 3 is a vastly different experience when compared with classic Dooms. Whereas the older games focused more on fast-paced combat, Doom 3 is more about atmosphere and story. The original Doom game engine had a lot of emphasis on lighting and darkness, so it is no surprise that ID Software opted to make that one of the focal points of the game.Some environments, including that of Hell (which really only makes up 1 and a bit levels), look awesome, as well as some of the moments when you're able to traverse out onto the Martian surface. However this is one of the negative points I would raise; interiors such as the tech base stuff and caverns in the later part of the game can make for some pretty boring environments.While there are some hell influences on the environment increasingly as you progress through the game, unfortunately this at times can be only subtle or to a limited extent. The original Doom often included hellish themes quite extensively, particularly during the Shores of Hell (which incorporated a mixture of themes and environements as well as whole rooms etc), this game uses the hellish theme in a more sparing manner: flesh oozing out of doors, satanic offerings and other decorations.This difference can perhaps be explained away by story; the original had you working your way through Deimos which had been transported to hell, and so not only were there hellish decor, but large parts of the base had become completely altered into hellish enviroments (which in my opinion created more room for variety and opportunity) given its placement within hell itself. In Doom 3 on the other hand, you spend most of your time on the Mars base, thus limiting the actual amount of hellish elements that can reasonably be shown.A couple of final notes. The weapons are mostly disappointing (especially the Shotgun), and it's a shame mods cannot be used to address this (unlike the original Doom 3 release). Another note is that the included Doom versions are altered versions. For anyone curious enough to want to check out the older games, then this is still a convenient way to do so. However, for anyone who wants the full classic experience, I recommend purchasing the originals seperately from this, and using a sourceport such as GZDoom instead of DOSBox. Otherwise, a decent re-release."
76561198271974420,Recommended,208200,29192042,Posted: 11 January,all,drawer3390,it's alrightpros+ doom 1 and 2+ roe and tlm+ okey remastercons- dead mulitplayer- bugs7/10
76561198018611701,Recommended,208200,32443022,Posted: 15 June,all,seansdibbun,"The original Xbox version of Doom 3 had cut out a lot of stuff from the game, specifically parts and segments of the story campaign. For example, the crane in the beginning while you're on your way to meet the missing scientist, that wasn't there.Other than that, I got to play Resurrection of Evil for the first time. The BFG Edition is not a graphical improvement, mostly just changing the lighting, shading, and some of the texturing; but it's fun. If you want more action, try the reboot from 2016."
76561198047126736,Recommended,208200,33336796,Posted: 7 July,all,Toughluck8012,"There is no reason you shouldn't buy this. It is full of nostalgia and each of the three games in the bundle are amazing. Doom and Doom 2 are classics that every gamer should play sometime in their life. I have so many fond memories of these games. Doom 3 is also hands down one of the best horror shooters on the market. They just don't make games like these anymore which is a shame. Doom 3 has an amazing atmosphere and the enemies are unique and brilliantly designed. The weapons are fun to use and the story is nicely written (Length is not an issue). The addition of achievements to these old games was a great idea. It adds more replayability and challenge to the games. If you aren't too good with horror games, this game might be okay for you. There are times in the game where everything is dark or you'll hear a noise or you might get ambushed. It isn't too scary but it has its moments. The BFG edition also includes both story expansion DLCs to Doom3. This is a phenomenal bundle and a great use of money. Highly recommend"
76561198102052701,Recommended,208200,33303572,Posted: 6 July,all,DonnieBoy42,This game is scary as f#ck! 10/10
76561198069735211,Recommended,208200,33360828,Posted: 7 July,all,DaHotFuzz,"It takes some giant balls to switch up the formula for the DOOM games like ID Software has done following 3's release.  But I must say, after having playing the remastered version, much praise is deserved for this installment.  In contrast to previous games in the franchise, Doom 3 threw us with a curveball by not only retaining the already established and loved fast paced  action, except this time with a horror twist which has you holding onto your seat until you know every demon in the room has been vaporized.Doom 3 certainly is not AS speedy as the classic games because 3 is much more linear and in almost every room you're in there is not a lot of open space to run, dodge enemies, comfortably take shots with the rocket launcher knowing you won't hurt yourself from the blast, and so on - combat is certainly more confined and this works in 3's favor because from the moment you encounter your first zombie guy you are on edge.  Enemies can instantly appear from random corridors and spawn behind you when you least expect it which forces you to be on guard.  Want to pick up some armor in a room? Well, if you do, enemies can instantly spawn as a result.  I lost track of how many times I was caught off guard and actually jumped while playing this.There is a good variety of enemies here and many have been brought back from the classics such as the zombie and shotgun guys, imps, hell knights, lost souls, bull demons, cacodemons, mancubi, and a few new demons too. Enemy variety is well-rounded which is necessary.Weapons stay true to the classics also.  You still have the regular pistol, super shotgun, chaingun, rocket launcher, plasma rifle, chainsaw, and of course the BFG 9000.  Added to the game are a few other new weapons/gadgets that fit perfectly during combat, those I won't reveal.A different route was chosen for 3's soundtrack, going for a more brooding and atmospheric sound instead of metal fans have been accustomed to hearing in classic Doom.  This was an appropriate change because the metal music without a doubt fits classic Doom's much faster gameplay, while the new music here fits 3's gameplay perfectly.I suppose my only complaint is the levels - most of them feel too similar to one another but I guess that's to be expected since you are a marine trapped in a facility on Mars.One more thing to note is the performance - it's excellent.  A few frame drops here and there but with a solid setup you can easily get 100 fps or more.  What I didn't expect from this remaster was ultrawide support; and what a pleasant surprise it was to play this in 2560x1080 resolution.The base game is about 12 hours long on the second difficulty, not short but not dragged out either.  This particular edition comes with two expansions: Resurrection of Evil and the Lost Mission, both of which I have yet to play.  From what I heard they both will last about 6 to 8 hours combined.  Moreover, the BFG edition includes Doom 1 and Doom 2 so you will have all 3 in one place.  Very convenient and appealing package here.  I couldn't recommend this more."
,Recommended,208200,33367175,Posted: 8 July,all,Leviathon,+ The graphic refont hasn't greatly changed but the visuals are nice on a 108p monitor+ The lighting effects and shadows are gorgeous+ Finally the flashlight is working like it is supposed to do+ All the dlcs plus the two original DOOM wads+ Save states- The wads function well but I really recommand using a source port (like Zdoom)Overall a 9/10
76561198044366665,Recommended,208200,33353937,Posted: 7 July,all,zemiak42,BFG classic 3 in 1
76561198061692455,Not Recommended,208200,28109061,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,slschuga,"Doom 1 and 2 are classics that everyone should probably play.I'm here to talk about Doom 3. I heard alot about it before I started playing it. I heard ""Everyone would love it if it wasn't named Doom"". I heard ""The original is so much better"" (doesn't matter, already bought this one). I heard ""It was revolutionary for its time"". I heard ""The new Doom should be a horror game too"".In my opinion, all of that is ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t. This game is terrible.I'll start with the visuals. I spent almost my entire playtime looking at either drab grey walls or pitch black areas while my flashlight recharged. Aside from the Hell Knights and the baby-bug ♥♥♥♥s, all of the enemy designs are boring- all either grey or tan with models that fail to inspire anything except mild annoyance.The gunplay is similarly bad.  First off, try scaring someone after giving them enough guns, ammunition, health, and armor to take over a country. This is probably the games biggest failure- horror games rely on frightening visuals and either very limited resources, or none whatsoever. They make you vulnerable- taking away the toys that other games hand out freely. This game does the opposite. On top of that, the guns feel extremely weak (poor sound design, lack of enemy response, etc.), so I can't even enjoy shooting at the grey blobs the game insists are nightmarish demons!The level design consists almost entirely of tight corridors- even when I'm wandering the surface of Mars or in the depths of Hell, I'm in a ♥♥♥♥ing corridor. It feels like I'm not actually going anywhere, and the overuse of monster closets and teleporting enemies only reinforces that feeling.The sound design is both good and bad, and might be what kept me playing as long as I did. The enemies do sound frightening, and the ambience is very good, as is the voice acting. The guns, however, sound extremely weak, and the teleporting sounds seem out of place.I honestly have a hard time believing that anyone considers this a great horror game. To me it's a boring slog through some tight, dark corridors. There are just so many far, far better ones"
76561198074456763,Recommended,208200,33394302,Posted: 8 July,all,TheWalrus1975,This game is still awesome as hell. Doom is the first game I pulled an all nighter with when I was a kid. Think I'll do the same tonight.
76561198258873865,Recommended,208200,30226782,Posted: 27 February,all,Kross Mayne,IDDQD4L!!!!!
76561198025515665,Recommended,208200,26250512,"Posted: 27 October, 2016",all,J- CA$H,"Hey, its f***ing DOOM.  BUY IT AND PLAY."
,Recommended,208200,32592953,Posted: 20 June,all,st0vep1pe,This game is worth to get even just for the included Ultimate Doom and Doom 2.
76561198129319679,Recommended,208200,32425002,Posted: 14 June,all,wasimohee,"Would definitely recommend, is a great buy for those seeking to relive the nostalgia of the original two ""Doom"" titles and all the expansions I didn't even know about when I was a kid. Also included is ""Doom 3"" which is probably the lowest rated in the series, but don't get the wrong idea, Doom 3 is still an incredibly immersive experience, even if it is marred by a couple of design choices."
76561197987131957,Recommended,208200,32420276,Posted: 14 June,all,ebranson1969,I have loved this game since the 90's.
,Recommended,208200,32419540,Posted: 14 June,all,chalk,"Doom was a series I always watched my brother play, because I was too spooked to play it myself. I just recently purchased Doom 3: BFG Edition and I really like it. Not my favorite game, but it has a lot of nostolgia.When I first started playing -- for the first couple hours the jump scares didn't really affect me.. Now,probably about half way through the game, whenever I just start the game, my heart races. I assume the game has conditioned me to just expect jump scares, but I'm never prepared enough.Not a scary game, but if you don't like jump scares, I would recommend another game."
,Recommended,208200,13884034,"Posted: 7 January, 2015",all,Kyle Whybrew,It's just like the regular verion but with more levels.
76561198393343118,Recommended,208200,32788360,Posted: 25 June,all,AnOkayGuardian,Such a classic! Very good game to play anytime. Looove it!
,Recommended,208200,32804577,Posted: 26 June,all,Squanchister,"Pretty nostalgic, A must play before you die thing !"
76561198049464804,Recommended,208200,32810970,Posted: 26 June,all,Säkura Republic❁❥,This is the best apoclyptic game i've ever played.★★★★★   9.5/10
,Recommended,208200,29949927,Posted: 15 February,all,Dr. Eggnog,"Honestly, you're probably getting this for the same reason I did: DOOM 1 and DOOM 2.DOOM 3 wasn't the greatest, but it's still somewhat fun to play once you've played the other two."
,Recommended,208200,32792378,Posted: 25 June,all,Hentai For Senpai,Loved it! Brought back a lot of memories <3
,Recommended,208200,32826294,Posted: 26 June,all,R-B-A [BFTUK],Very good game!
76561197997277724,Recommended,208200,32905286,Posted: 27 June,all,PhatDix,Exactly what I was looking for and more
,Recommended,208200,33020348,Posted: 29 June,all,Dark Poet ®,"I have played this game so many times, and for them to release this version with more screen resolutions available was awesome...plus i can use my controller. I like that they included Doom and Doom II among others in this BFG Edition. I highly recommend it as it set a new benchmark for Doom."
,Recommended,208200,32969476,Posted: 28 June,all,Zack Spades,"I'm not an avid player of First-person Shooters. In fact, I usually hate many FPS titles. But DOOM has always fascinated me, mainly because of the legacy of the series.So I bought this version of DOOM 3, since the original 2 games are bundled in with the third. And I have to say, the first two games really are better than DOOM 3, and yet DOOM 3is still an intensely solid game, considering its age."
,Recommended,208200,32950269,Posted: 28 June,all,enki,"I wanted to finish the original Doom3 after i started it in 2004-ish, but after i got it on steam i realized that you can't change resolution, so i got this instead, and although it's not exactly the same and it's ""easier"" cause the lack of flashlight switching, i enjoyed the hell out this game, i highly recommend it to everyone who loves classic shooters with horror elements and decent enough story, the visuals stand up to this day more or less, especially the lighting effects"
,Recommended,208200,33640337,Posted: 18 July,all,eelijah,"despite a controversial release (that ♥♥♥♥ing flashlight) and coming out the same year as historic title Half Life 2, DOOM 3 still holds up. the gunplay is weak and you move as slower than a tank, but the actual process of exploring Mars, reading PDA logs, and getting spooked around every corner is quite entertaining and still frightening at times."
76561197999199323,Recommended,208200,1877879,"Posted: 17 January, 2013",all,Strontium Dingo,"*PLEASE NOTE: I NO LONGER BELIEVE THAT BETHESDA DESERVE MY MONEY. HOWEVER YOUR MONEY IS YOUR MONEY SO I HAVE LEFT THIS REVIEW FOR YOU.*In my previous review, I complained that the .wad files were hard to extract. This appears to have been dealt with.Bethesda can still **** off though.iD are okay though, and the game works as it should now. The BFG version lets you use a torch ON your guns, as opposed to the previous INSTEAD OF your guns.That's all I want to say about this.8/10 - get this version if you don't own any of the others and don't want to use mods.Oh wait, we still can't use mods.7/10SIGH**** you Bethesda, **** you HARD - and with a shark made from broken glass."
,Recommended,208200,33892801,Posted: 29 July,all,Blimblam,"Doom 1 and 2 are obviously classic master pieces but Doom 3 is an underrated gem.If you think doom 3 isnt doom enough, just fire up the doom 4 soundtrack in the background. Makes a hell of a difference"
,Recommended,208200,33886763,Posted: 29 July,all,OmegaPower,"Contains the Best FPS games of all time. Doom, Doom 2, Doom 3"
,Not Recommended,208200,25303829,"Posted: 2 September, 2016",all,"""Drugs are bad, Mkay.""",if you are on Windows 10 Creators Update or later Oppen GL will not intialize so I tell you do not buy this game buy the original Doom 3
,Recommended,208200,34065764,Posted: 6 August,all,SubZeRo666,This game is in my top 10 :-)
,Recommended,208200,25821071,"Posted: 2 October, 2016",all,W4YNEWHITE,Doom 3.Its Doom damn it. Doom for life. BFG style.10/10.
76561197993841079,Recommended,208200,33962604,Posted: 1 August,all,Jakely,"I was upset at first playing DOOM(2016), hoping it would be more like this game. Doom 3 is far more terrifying than it's newer counterpart. When this game originally came out I remember cranking my headphones up as loud as they could go and proceeding dook in my pants."
,Recommended,208200,35090252,Posted: 20 September,all,Guaspi,Buy this. Play Doom 1 & 2 within this. THEN play this. Then play DOOM 2016.A hole love story in 4 poetic episodes.
76561197970475627,Recommended,208200,34976388,Posted: 15 September,all,Paddy Irishman,"I loved this game when it was first released and this edition does it justice in my view. The graphics, sound and gameplay still hold up well despite the years.Personally it's my favourite iteration of the Doom series."
76561198050118357,Recommended,208200,18294766,"Posted: 2 October, 2015",all,S-Kill,"Does somebody still play Doom3 multiplayer? Somebody? Anybody? pleeease...Oh yes, and the game itself is rather good. :)"
,Recommended,208200,35113622,Posted: 21 September,all,Rigel,"Classic suspense thriller, now with (slightly) better graphics and some new levels."
,Recommended,208200,14344234,"Posted: 5 February, 2015",all,Nicking Ninaj,Decent port/collection.
76561198174804766,Recommended,208200,35191392,Posted: 24 September,all,fatlesseric06,how u make doom 1 or 2 or 3 split screen
76561198043000553,Recommended,208200,35200443,Posted: 25 September,all,AcerPanzer,"doom 1 and 2 included with its content.  runs great, modded to run with htc vive.  thumbs up"
,Recommended,208200,34612531,Posted: 30 August,all,SuperGiantEgg,"Pro:-fast FPS action-dark martian horror theme-no long bs story telling, just gameplay-also comes with the original DOOM & DOOM 2-easy to jump in & out for a quick 15 min session to unwind for the day without getting drawn in with hours & hours of storiesCon:-easy to get lost in certain parts of the game & get stuck until you look at walkthroughs due to all the areas looking the same & sometimes confusing level design"
76561198000184302,Recommended,208200,34625522,Posted: 30 August,all,-SSQD- KLX boy,As far as getting your Doom fix this is the ultimate package. Its the best updated versions of Doom 1&2 with modern keyboard and mouse controls. No need for dosbox or any other control BS its already perfect for you and looks glorious. This is of course the updated better version of Doom 3 with out the flashlight BS and its perfect. You really cant ask for a better collection of timeless games. I have several versions of Doom for PC and consoles and this is by far the best version of Doom I have ever played.
76561198384271813,Recommended,208200,34965190,Posted: 14 September,all,Modest Medic,"A nice dose of nostalgia hit me when I started Doom 3 up. I love the mix of horror and action that this game provides. The beginning is eerie and terrifying, then when you start to feel comfortable, BAM! They get you with a jumpscare you wouldn't have expected! I wish Doom 4 took notes from 3; because when I want to play a Doom title, this is the one I'll always go back too. Worth your money, I promise."
,Recommended,208200,35218738,Posted: 26 September,all,KrashHash,I wish multiplayer wasn't dead
,Not Recommended,208200,34810582,Posted: 8 September,all,Penaz,"Having played the classic Edition outside of Steam, I could see the differences between that and the BFG Edition.The sound design is horrible, most of the dialogues are impossible to hear and sometimes you hear better an NPC behind a window than an audio log that should be playing in your ear.Mod support is completely removed, there are no audio options besides a ""master volume"" control.No captions.Part of the content seems to be cut (at least from what I remember) and the expansions are not really worth your time, I managed to complete the second in about 1 hour and a half.There are quite some minor glitches that break the illusion, like invisible walls in front of a jump that could be made, but shouldn't (according to the devs).The ladders are more dangerous than the demons in-game.Either Doom 3 aged really badly or this edition is not worth the money.Doom and Doom II included make up a tiny bit for the not-so-good product that Doom 3 is, but it's still not enough."
,Recommended,208200,35283846,Posted: 28 September,all,1000Blades,"Doom was the first pc game I ever played as a child so for me, packaging the whole thing together like this and selling it as a unit was a fantastic idea. Gameplay wise it's presented somewhat like an early attempt at a survival horror type thing, but players will notice quickly its an action game right to its demon infested core. Its a nice, compact, easy to run file and an excellent way to kill an hour or two here and there."
76561198415059997,Recommended,208200,35341122,Posted: 30 September,all,Gehennasfire,"Static environments, dated gunplay, and loads of predictable scares. These are some minor faults of Doom 3. The levels are purposely claustrophobic and combined with a slow movement speed leads to some frustrating encounters. There is also quite a few kamikaze demon enemies that relentlessly ram themselfes into you and some can stuck under your characters nonexistent feet. There are also a few boring puzzles. I really enjoyed this game otherwise. I love how you interface with computers and the atmosphere was good. The scifi world of doom 3 is cool and there were a good arsenal and lots of fun fights.As a bonus you can also play the first two games and those are fun if you don't get lost and remember to save.I did only pay $4 and I did wait for it to go on sale. I just saw it and bought it. But I think it is fine.Stay thirsty"
76561198113220875,Recommended,208200,35305408,Posted: 29 September,all,Gin,Buy some diapers.
76561198397287085,Recommended,208200,35352373,Posted: 30 September,all,ClearlyADog,"This game so far has been great, but I have one complaintIt is impossible beat Doom 2, atleast for meIn the second level of the first episode ""The Underhalls"", there is a point where you must run at full speed and cross a small gap to obtain the red key and progress, but no matter what I try, I cannot cross it, meaning I am not able to complete the game"
76561198017320610,Recommended,208200,35429897,Posted: 2 October,all,Jolly Jew,"intense combat and immersive atmosphere!creepy and chaotic!fun and dread!. this is what the game pushes through fantastically, and it's worthy of being a sequal to the original Doom.true, its much different, but a fun game nevertheless.the enemies are now bigger and stronger. and will always come from unexpected places, even when you expect them. the game will keep you on your toes as you will never trust doors, floor pannels and corners ever again.there are many different kinds of enemies, each with their own behavior patterns and abilities. you will have to adabt and change tactics quickly based off what's coming at you, all of which are challanging and require quick reflexes and aiming to deal with properly.the game constantly shifts from cautious expoloration to frantic fire-fights with a large group of different enemies.not knowing what will come next and being to quickly destroy every nasty surprise the game throws at you is very satisfyingand all of this comes packaged with beutiful detailed graphics, with many details in each texture, and an enviroment that looks and sounds believable.while the metallic corridors of the Mars laboratories may get old fast. the way they slowly become more bloody and wrecked, as well with new interesteing technological props makes the scenery fun to look at."
76561198352369798,Recommended,208200,35482996,Posted: 4 October,all,The Killer Rabbit,"The original games are absolutely amazing, especially for someone's who's used to the PS1 version. Doom 3, on the other hand... it depends. Doom 3 is nothing like the original games, with much more cramped enviroments and enemies that spawn out of no where. The enviroments (when you can actually see them) are actually very detailed in this remastering. I'll definitely recommend this, but mostly for Doom 1 & 2."
,Recommended,208200,35505118,Posted: 5 October,all,redielg,Super Shotgun is life. 10/10.
,Recommended,208200,35509727,Posted: 5 October,all,Profile Name,The main game is pretty eh. Not bad not great. But the game also includes DOOM 1 and 2 with controller support in 1080p.... Get this game on sale.
