user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
,Recommended,208400,14011909,"Posted: 16 January, 2015",all,Carlz0r,"I've been loving this game so far.  I was recently reminded that I had this, because of the release of Crystal Souls just the other day.. and boy am I sorry I forgot about Avernum for this long.  I should have played this ages ago!First thing I wanted to do was clear up the order these games are supposed to be in, because with so many Spiderweb Software games, it can be a little confusing to newcomers (like myself, until I did some research)This is a remake of ""Avernum"" which itself is a remake of ""Exile: Escape From the Pit"".  The newly released Crystal Souls is a remake of Exile 2/Avernum 2.  Exile 3/Avernum3 is also supposedly getting a second remake in the future.I know that sounds confusing, so just know that this game, Avernum: EFtP is the first game, remade for the second time. Also, I've been told that the stories are self-contained, so you don't really HAVE to play them in order.  Though, with a world as unique as Avernum, I bet it helps in understanding the lore a bit.So what makes this world so unique?  Most fantasy RPGs take place on the surface of a very earth-like world.  There's plains, mountains, forests, rivers, lakes, etc.. it all looks very familiar.  In Avernum, that sort of place exists.. but that's not where you play.  You, your party, and countless other individuals have all been exiled to the underworld.  It's a vast underground cavern, whose light comes from glowing moss on the ceiling.People survive by growing edible mushrooms, and receiving occasional supply shipments from the Empire.. the very people who sent everyone down here.  There are some cows, sent down by the empire, but without proper food, they grow sick and weak quite quickly.  Mages have managed to create things that kinda look like trees, just so the citizens have wood to build with.Magical equipment is extremely rare in this world.. It's all but impossible to create any, so most of it comes from adventurers who were sent down to Avernum with their gear, then were killed and looted.  It's a harsh world.Despite all the hardships, though, people have banded together to form towns, forts, and a government.  Of course some still decide to rebel and become bandits, or seek a way to rise into a position of power, but most people seem to live in harmony and cooperate.  And that's a good thing, because if they didn't work together, they'd never be able to fight off the Nephilim (cat people who hold a grudge against all humans for being sent down to Avernum) and the Sliths (lizard men, apparently native to Avernum, and most of them crave human flesh.)The gameplay is exellent.  At the beginning of the game, you create a party.. your people can be whatever class you want, or 'custom'.  You spend a lot of your time walking around as a party, talking to people, getting quests, learning about the world, etc.. there are blacksmiths and such in every town, to buy equipment from.  There are secrets to find, and plenty of loot to pick up..When you're not in a town or dungeon, you'll be on the overworld, where everything is zoomed way back.  You can encounter enemies, special events, and other stuff out on the overworld.. and of course also travel from place to place.  The overworld is pretty darn big, and there are a lot of places to go.When in combat, the game turns turn-based..  You move and attack with your characters one at a time.. Each character has a certain amount of AP to move with, and are allowed to attack once, or cast 1 spell per turn.. It's simple, but not TOO simple.  It has a good flow, without sacrificing too much strategic depth.When you level up, you're able to assign attribute points, improve your skills on the skill tree, and sometimes pick a new perk/feat as well.  Pretty basic leveling up, but again simple/basic isn't a bad thing.  The game manages to do a lot with what seems like simple mechanics.The main thing that will be an issue for some is that the graphics look very dated... and I'm sorry to repeat the same thing everyone else says, but here it goes... Graphics aren't important.  Maybe it's different for people not old enough to have grown up with older-looking graphics, but it doesn't bother me.  Sure, I like a pretty-looking game from time to time.. but it's really not a requirement for me.. but, of course, not everyone will agree.  Everybody has thier own opinions.. so take a look at the screenshots.  If it looks unbearable to you, don't get it.  If you think you can put up with oldschool graphics in order to play an amazing game, get it.Anyway, I feel like I've written a much longer review than most people will bother to read, so I'll cut it short here.  Thanks for reading."
,Recommended,208400,7875009,"Posted: 1 December, 2013",all,Twistor,"Addendum: As of Nov 2016, I nominated Avernum for the “I Thought This Game Was Cool Before It Won An Award” Award.Second remake of the classic Exile series' first part, Avernum: Escape From the Pit is classic roleplaying at its best! Basically, you play as a party of adventurers, who were exiled into a huge cavern, Avernum, far below the surface of the world. You have to find a new purpose here, which basically means doing all kinds of odd-jobs and quests for mayors, wizards and kings of the underworld and, while you're at it, trying to escape your dark prison.The controls have been streamlined for the 2010s. Like in Avernum, the first remake, the game is still isometric and tile-based. However, you can finally control the characters efficiently with a mouse. This works splendidly, though the controls have frankly lost some of the function of the earlier games: e.g. you can no longer close doors (unless I've yet to discover how). Also, the pathfinding algorithm does some weird stuff sometimes when your preferred path is blocked, making characters run into wrong direction (and at worst, their DOOOOM). There's still no music (except in the title screen and the few cut scenes): use your favorite epic adventure music instead.Skill system has basically been remade, though the comedic art of the skill descriptions has been appreciatively retained. Skills are now learned in trees, with a basic skill in the bottom and every subsequent skill requiring the below skills before they can be developed. Also, characters gain bonus traits every few levels gaining small bonuses to different skills and stats. It's a matter of taste if these are good or bad changes, but the whole works nevertheless quite fine.Combat has always been a rather important part of Avernum series. Turn-based, the basics are still there. However, some additions and changes have been made. Warriors have gained special skills called battle disciplines to supplement their fighting ability, making them a bit more interesting and tactical than before. Spells have been remade as well since original Avernum. Particularly, all the blessings and curses have become area effects, and multi-hit spells are now cone or area attacks instead of simply hitting a number of targets.Frankly, the hard-coreness of the series has dulled quite a bit with this latest installment. No longer are the dark dungeons truly dark, as you don't benefit from bringing a torch or casting light spells (which were actually removed altogether). There is no need to eat to satisfy hunger nor deal with dangerous diseases, and death is no longer so much a set-back as party is automatically resurrected and healed at a friendly town, removing the need for inns and renting rooms. You may no longer jump down ledges (which was never that healthy anyway). Identification of magical items has also been removed (albeit hilariously explained by ""adventurers having better training nowadays""), and potion making has become a trade secret of alchemists, so your party can't learn it itself any longer. Spiders no longer say ""hi!"" in a high-pitched voice audibly. Along with these changes Avernum has lost part of its legacy and spark.What is left, however, is an excellent RPG adventure in a unique fantasy world. The streamlining makes the game more accessible and lets the player concentrate on what's really important: dialogue, exploration and questing. And their implementation is simply brilliant. There are tens, if not hundreds, of characters in the game who all have their own dialogue trees, and several tens of dungeons and towns to explore, everyone of them extremely detailed. Enemies are still dangerous, and mini-bosses and bosses are refreshingly difficult to beat.Game is not only high-quality, for there's also quite a lot of it. My first play-through, on Hard difficulty level, lasted about 80 hours. Want to just experience the story? Play on Normal or even Casual difficulty, and you may even change it mid-game. However, the highest difficulty level, Torment, provides an amply named challenge for an experienced player, requiring advance planning and lots of re-exploring in areas that were previously too dangerous. Seriously though, I recommend playing your first game on Hard difficulty at max, as Torment can get tedious if you don't know where to go for the next admissible challenge.TL:DR?Excellent dialogues.Robust tactical combat.Addicting exploration.Epic questing to become true heroes.Not convinced? You may as well give it a try.The demo is available athttp://www.avernum.com/avernum/index.html, letting you play through, I believe, about one third of the full game."
76561198068208518,Recommended,208400,32339225,Posted: 11 June,all,Paul Plasmus,"YES. HOLY JEEZ YES.I am so glad I bought this amazing thing. Don't let the graphics trick you into thinking this is a cheap, low-quality game--its not.The only thing just to be ready for is the interface is quite unlike any other game (at least that I've played) and as such gameplay will probably be clunky and it takes a few hours to really get the hang of it. If you give it it a chance, you will struggle to put the game down after the 3ish hours or so.(that was about how long it took for me to start having fun with the combat--again at first the mechanics/controls are difficult so fighting is a pain in the behind but after you can actually do things in an orderly manner it gets fun rather quickly)Noteworthy Stuff:Very compelling story. Quite original, quests make sense and have meaning, and because the writing is so good you'll actually want to read all the dialogue. Tons of secrets, things to learn about the very big world.Challenging/Rewarding gameplay. Hard when it should be, not just to be a nuisance for fighting every single monster. When you get to stop some terrible thing from happening it feels really good.FREEDOM TO EXPLORE: This game doesn't treat you like a baby. Very big world, no invisible walls, no ""you cannot enter this area yet"" garbage. The toughness of the monsters will keep you from an area if you're not ready for it. There are many many places to explore, interesting pieces of Avernums past and other secrets to learn.Just go and buy the thing already. Have fun. I wish I'd known about this game/series years ago."
76561198005337783,Recommended,208400,12589788,"Posted: 20 October, 2014",all,electryc03,At first you might be 'revolted' by the dated graphics.  Then you might laugh at some 1990ish  RPG your looking at.  Force yourself to put at least a couple of hours into it and soon you will find yourself hooked.  You got the crapiest equipment starting out and you will have to earn what you keep to survive.  No freebees like modern games throw at you like candy at a parade.  You will respect your CRPG awesomeness by giving this game a chance  and then seeing if you got it to survive escaping the underdark to the surface!  Good luck you will enjoy the  journey!!!
,Recommended,208400,16956384,"Posted: 9 July, 2015",all,FastJack,"======================================Avernum: Escape From the Pit(Read on for the full review!)======================================Spiderweb Software, creator of the ""Exile"" series took the PC RPG template of the time and ran with it, allowing players to control multiple party members and customize their growth, exploring a vast underground world with a surprisingly intricate story. Avernum: Escape From the Pit is essentially a remake of the original Exile game of the same name. Escape From the Pit has been given a graphical overhaul, utilizing the isometric view used in the Avernum games released most recently by Spiderweb Software. The remake changes more than just the graphics, however, and the result is a game that is both the same and quite different from the original.======================================Pros+ Old School style CRPG with plenty of replay value.+ Game-play: Explore the open world as you please and do it at your own pace.+ Really good lore for the game world+ A ton of sights to see!+ Engaging storyCons- The UI is clunky and the character sheet & Inventory is annoying at times!Neutral+/- Doesn't hold your hand at all. (This is a good thing to me)======================================IntroductionThe Avernum series is based in Avernum, a subterranean nation far under the surface of the world. The surface is ruled by the Empire, a single, monolithic power under the command of the cruel Emperor Hawthorne.Everyone on the surface who speaks out, rebels, or doesn’t fit in is sentenced to life imprisonment in Avernum. Prisoners are expected to die, the victim of starvation, horrible monsters, or simple despair.The Avernum series tells the tale of the Avernites' struggle to survive, avenge themselves upon the Empire, and win both freedom and a return to the surface world.======================================Game-playAvernum: Escape from the Pit is a single-player role-playing video game. The player controls a group of up to four adventurers, who can use melee weapons, missile weapons, magic, or a mix of these skills to defeat opponents.One of the better aspects of this game is the opportunity to customize your adventuring party. Whether you want to have a balanced group featuring every type of character or whether you instead choose to enter battle with an entire team of tanky sword-wielding knights; the game accommodates your decision. You are also allowed to select an image avatar for each of your heroes (whether it fits their class or not is up to you). That having been said, classes make relatively little difference in your characters' long-term potential, as every character can learn every spell and ability regardless of their class. The way this works is that requirements to wield spells are determined by the stats and skills that you develop for a character - meaning that you can choose to make your units as specialized or balanced as you please. Fan of sword-wielding battle mages who can heal their team in a pinch? Not a problem. Want to throw in a super-defensive tank that will soak up damage and demand enemies' attention? Easy. Escape From the Pit allows for such customization without over complication. A downside to this is the risk that characters will become a little generic, but the multitude of customizable aspects (stats, skills, spells, and ""traits"", which function as passive boosts to a character's stats or abilities) help to ensure each of your units is a unique personality.Escape From the Pit offers several difficulty levels, as well as the ability to adjust the difficulty at any time during your game. This might come in handy depending on how quickly you want to beat Escape From the Pit, because often you will find that enemies are just too difficult and you need to go grind somewhere else before advancing to where you want to go. Yes, Escape From the Pit does involve a lot of grinding in dungeons, but Spiderweb Software has done a great job making this experience far less tedious, with diverse and well-designed environments that often use interesting tricks to create light puzzle elements. The world of Avernum is by no means boring and progressing through the game is both fun and challenging.All things said, it seems there's a lot beneath the surface here, with plenty of things to see and do that will keep you adventuring for many hours.======================================GraphicsIf you're looking for up-to-date, modern graphics, you might as well stop reading now. Avernum utilizes 2D graphics in an isometric view, reminiscent of the original Diablo. Obviously this makes the whole thing look quite dated. If you aren't immediately turned off by that, then let me assure you that you will probably love this game. Noticeably improved even over those of the most recent Avernum titles are the character portraits, which are in fact quite beautiful. Otherwise, the graphics are essentially identical to those of recent Avernum titles, reflecting Spiderweb's low priority on steady advancement in that area. This is something important to know because Escape From the Pit is a game that will polarize RPG players depending on how important visuals are to them.======================================ConclusionOverall, Avernum: Escape From the Pit is a solid RPG experience that combines classic style, a compelling story, and generous content to create an indie game that is very much worth your time. If you're looking for a complex single player RPG and value content at the expense of visuals, don't miss this title.======================================"
76561198116886926,Recommended,208400,18693652,"Posted: 26 October, 2015",all,storm,"I recommend this game for true fans of Role Play. If however your take on a RPG is Diablo or Torchlight, forget it.There is probably more storyline in this small download than in the entire Skyrim. There are many long hours of play ahead. I did a restart about 2/3 of the way through as my party was not strong enough and I had not distributed t6he party stats well, combined I have nearly spent as many hours now on this game as I did with DragonAge inquisition.Despite the old school graphics there is quite variety of terrain to explore.The character development is good and straddles the boundary between too simple or too complex well. I suggest you pay attention to creating a balanced party, which is also an area that I feel could be improved. It is too easy to create parties that will simply not work. Having a bow user sounds great, but the game is heavily weighted to swords.Another area which could be improved is the character conversation scripts. Old storylines do not disappear and too often you get into a dialogue that you have already been through a million times before with the NPC – it is almost as if the same people that wrote the  NPC scripting for Divinity Original Sin did this one too."
,Recommended,208400,17144262,"Posted: 20 July, 2015",all,lovinglife139,"Avernum: Escape from the Pit is a fantastic '90s era single player turn based RPG that draws from the best the decade had to offer. RPGs thrived in the 1990s, and for good reason. Games like Avernum (when released in 1995, it was called Exile: Escape from the Pit) aimed to get their player lost in an intriguing world for hours upon hours, leveling up characters, exploring an in-depth story and learning about the game world from multiple NPCs with varying opinions on the world around them, and finding hundreds of secrets (yes, hundreds). These RPGs were made by developers with imaginations that were close to perfection, back when people made games because they loved games and sharing fantasy game worlds they'd created with others, not simply making them to drain wallets and hearts.The game starts out after your party of characters (which you customize, of course) are thrown into the deep abyss known as Avernum. Avernum is a series of underground caverns that serves as its own subterranean nation far beneath the surface of the world, and is the trash bin that the powerful Empire uses to throw away people who speak out against its rule on the surface. It is effectively a prison, where you are locked away from sunlight and the surface forever--unless you plan to do something about it. It is here where the Avernum series distinguishes itself from many other RPGs. Although Avernum is not a dungeon crawler by genre, it has that feeling of isolation, desperation. You want to get OUT of this underground prison, and the injustices made against you and others you meet in Avernum make you yearn for revenge. Avernum is one of the few fantasy worlds with a dystopian feel; the Empire is this world's Big Brother, and you have the ability to get your revenge, try to escape, or even accept your fate and learn to embrace Avernum. (And thus, this gives you three separate ways to beat the game through various questlines.)This is not a mindless RPG. Don't go into this game desiring mindless fun, for you will have to read quite a bit, manuever Avernum's cave systems via map systems, and retain information about quests, as the game doesn't hold your hand with doing so. The game does have a journal system that is VERY nice for its time; when you're speaking to an NPC who says something worth noting, you can ""record"" their speech with the click of a button, so you can pull this up at any time. This comes to be very useful, as quest notes don't update as you progress through a quest, so it's up to you to pay attention and know what the next step is. Despite all this, Avernum stays very much so to the right side of the line when it comes to tedium. I encountered no game-breaking quests during my playthrough like I have with other RPGs of the time (Divine Divinity, I'm looking at you, though I love you so). It IS possible to kill NPCs that you'll need for certain questlines, though the other questlines are still available, and there is also a cheat system to help you through this as a last resort (just look up your problem online).I think the best thing about this game is just how interesting it is. I love RPGs because I like escaping to a different world for a bit and getting lost in its complexities; I also love exploring and finding secrets, new towns, or a hidden area of a map. This game has that, and its story makes it even more worth finding those extra tidbits. This game has so much to do and so much to explore that it has what I like to call ""Skyrim syndrome"", where sometimes you'll look at your quest log and weep at all you've failed to complete. If throwing yourself into a world is what you're into, I can think of few better worlds than Avernum.I personally give this game a rating of 9.5/10. This is a must have for RPG fans and fans of games from the 1990s in general, back when games threw themselves at you with days worth of content with a grin that said, ""I dare you."" This is a game that you will work hard to conquer, a game that will make you feel liberated when you beat it, and a game that will be a source of fond memories for years to come."
,Recommended,208400,8577177,"Posted: 5 January, 2014",all,CNYGamer,"I really enjoy this game. It is a turn-based, isometric view (Diablo-style view looking down from above), single-player fantasy roleplaying game. Let me break that down:Turn-Based: While not in combat you move your party around exploring wilderness, dungeon, and city environments and interacting with various friendly and hostile NPCs (non-player characters controlled by the computer). When battle starts, the game goes into turn-based mode. People who like the fast and furious action of real-time games like Diablo might find turn-based combat to be slow and tedious. I like it because I can let my attention wander if need be or even walk away for a restroom break right in the middle of battle. It also allows for the formulation of tactics based on the battlefield conditions.Isometric View: Many RPGs in the 90s used isometric view. The view is from above and slightly at an angle like the Diablo games. It's nice because you get a kind of ""god's eye view"" of the game area.Single-Player: There is no multiplayer option for Avernum: Escape From the Pit.Fantasy Roleplaying Game: The environment is traditional ""Western medieval style fantasy"" (i.e., swords and armor and spells and fantasy monsters). There is a bit of a twist in that the game opens up with your being exiled via magic teleportation to a supposedly inescapable underworld where criminals and political prisoners are sent when they cause problems for the Empire.You can choose from a number of traditional classes (sorcerer, warrior, rogue, berserker, priest, etc.) or you can create your own classes. The pre-made classes are merely certain selections from the game's many abilities, skills, and powers available to characters both when they are created and as they level up. Selecting a pre-made class does not pidgeon hole your character because as you level up you can choose to improve any abilities, skills and powers.There are multiple difficulties to choose from ranging from beginner to nightmare. You can even change difficulty whenever you wish. So things are going to easy? Notch up the difficulty. Getting frustrated by how hard the play is? Notch it down.For $10 you absolutely cannot go wrong. This is a fantasy RPG in the tradition of 90s games. I used to play the SSI gold box D&D computer games and Avernum is a great game in the same tradition."
,Recommended,208400,12598037,"Posted: 21 October, 2014",all,Valkyrie Fury,"Avernum is right in your wheelhouse if you like games like Baldur's Gate and Divinity and are looking to experience that old school pen-and-paper RPG experience. I have not played all the rest of the games in the series and do not feel that I must in order to enjoy it on this one. Don't expect stellar graphics, but do expect everything else- like great game mechanics, a solid loot system, compelling story (with admirable writing skill), and a giant world to get lost in. I have yet to finish it yet, but from the first handful of quests, I know I am hooked well enough to come back to it. Another great thing about this game is it takes up less than 200 mb of space and has ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ly low system requirements, so it even  plays on the ancient technological relics I keep around due to lack of having a proper gaming laptop to tote about. This game is also pretty nifty on iOS.Anyhoots, I don't feel hasty in reccomending this."
76561197971948490,Recommended,208400,18618615,"Posted: 21 October, 2015",all,Wraith_Magus,"This is the second remake of the classic ""Exiled"", first made in the nineties by a two-person team. The game has been streamlined, interface made usable, and the graphics have improved (relatively speaking) since then, but much of the core draw (and mechanics) are still there.If you're someone who enjoys having wide open spaces, no demand to go down any particular linear plotline, and plenty of rewards for kicking over ever rock to see what wriggles out from underneath, this game has plenty of delicious exploratory goodness for you.That said, I'm not as fond of the skill trees they've put in the new version of the game as the older point-buy system they had before. The point-buy system hypothetically allows for nigh-infinite varieties of hybrid characters, but largely forces characters into one of four types of characters: Melee Fighter, Ranged Fighter, Wizard, and Cleric. ""Thief"" is just someone who puts points into Tool Use, and you need Tool Use (there's no magic for opening doors without it) but there's nothing stopping any other sort of character from taking Tool Use, and the game only checks total party Tool Use skill levels, so it's easy to distribute. (No dedicated thief necessary.) You COULD use a ranged fighter, but melee combat is forced upon you fairly often, and you'll want a dedicated sword user and spear user to make use of the best weapons, anyway.You're forced into making a character dedicate themselves to a given path by the nature of the skill tree: The high-tier skills like Riposte (counter attack chance) or Lethal Blow (critical hit power up) require plugging an equal or greater amount of points into the lower skills on the tree. Your Combat Disciplines (special abilities for fighters) are based upon total base weapons skill, and you'll want to put your attribute points into Strength or maybe Dexterity. Keeping up with magic spell tiers demands you stick points into a single base magic skill at least every other level, and dumping nearly all your points into Intelligence, and a couple into Endurance for the HP to not die in one hit. Hence, no matter what, you pretty much always wind up with sword fighter, spear fighter, cleric, and wizard. Hypothetically, there's bows and thrown weapons, but there are no good bows, and decent thrown weapons are too rare to use as a primary weapon.There are some choices to be made (going for criticals versus riposte) but mostly, it devolves into putting all your points into the core sklls because on the harder difficulties, you'll miss every time if you don't plug every point you can into accuracy-boosting skills, and a melee tank needs all the hardiness they can get to survive. Likewise, wizard and cleric accuracy (yes, AoE spells miss) depend upon base magic skill, and base magic skill ALSO ups damage. Hence, there's no reason not to put points in every single level. It's really only a question of whether you need more damage-dealing skills or damage-resistance skills at a given level to survive, espeically on higher difficulties, and the number of utility skills like tool use or cave lore you need is surprisingly low, meaning you basically always put points into the same dedicated ""purist"" build all the time. It leaves one underwhelmed with the potential for customization.In the original Avernum series, it gave you more points each time you leveled, but the costs of skills rose as you purchased more ranks in those skills, meaning that there was more possibility to ""multi-class"", as a skill you dedicated points into every level would rise as fast as the skill points you gained per level, while skills you neglected would become relatively cheaper by comparison. This meant it was easily possible to make a wizard who studied enough cleric magic to be a passable backup healer and a truly excellent wizard while the cleric was a passable archer.Without the chance to really multi-class, you'll probably find that you're left with the same party time and again, as you're probably not going to want to play this game without a cleric or wizard, and you'll NEED a meat shield. Since this is the umpteenth trip to Avernum for some of us, playing the same party with the same character sprites in areas modeled on the same locations can give old hands a bit of deja vu all over again.It is, yes, possible to play solo, and you'll want to generalize a little more in solo play, but even that kind of comes down to playing a wizard with some melee skill and a few healing spells.Also unlike this game's predecessor, this game starts you off in a small dungeon for a minor tutorial on the basics, but quickly lets you roam as a free-range adventuring band. A few easily-dismissed text boxes shouldn't annoy veterans, but might help new players, so it's not a bad change. That said, I suggest new players save frequently, and have several ""safe zone"" saves, as they can easily bumble into more trouble than they can fight their way out of with no guard rails to keep them from merrily adventuring into danger out of their depth.All the time and money they saved not going for pretty graphics (and if you're a Spiderweb fan, you'll recognize the reuse of a LOT of those graphics,) was put into making absolutely sprawling caverns.For those of you who lamented Elder Scrolls' Oblivion/Skyrim's rubber-banded monster levels, rejoice as well, as the sliths just a few towns west of where you start WILL shishkebob you effortlessly. On the higher difficulty levels, this can curb your exploration somewhat, but with a mere 350 coins, you can buy a boat that lets you have access to a large portion of the map, so long as you don't mind having to hide from the fights. While not being able to fight something sounds limiting, you can gain access to spells early, which makes it worth the trip.That said, there's still a few places you have to go, and a pretty clear order in which you have to go there. While it's hypothetically possible to do sequence breaks, steep ramping of the power of enemies means that, especially in higher difficulty settings, there's little capacity for a player to bypass one major dungeon and be prepared for the next.Because you have access to all the spell trainers early (just have to dodge the monsters bigger than you) you can easily get spells meant for late-game early, but at the same time, you can't afford them. Spells cost 2000 coins to learn, and clearing a whole dungeon and selling absolutely everything only nets you 1000 coins... It doesn't really get better as you go on, either, until you've bought all your skill-ups, and then there's nothing left to buy at all. I've never seen a reason to buy potions or scrolls or even weapons, as, while some mid-level stuff is available in stores, by the time you can afford them, you have better artifact weapons you lifted off of corpses. Potions can be brewed from infinitely-respawning herb patches for free, so there's at least reason to use those.Also, you ram through MP quickly in this game, especially later on, but just setting foot in town restores all HP and MP for free... You have skills to reduce MP use, but why use them when you need every skill point in magic power to survive a single fight, and can just go back to town for a refill after literally every fight? There are a handful of dungeons where you do have to ""fight your way back out"" (monsters spawn in after you get to the end of the dungeon), but it's rare enough that you shouldn't have trouble sitting on a pile of 30 magic potions to refill between fights if you really need it.If you're at all interested in the genre, it's dirt cheap and provides easily 100 hours of gameplay."
76561198042387068,Not Recommended,208400,22058153,"Posted: 26 March, 2016",all,AbyssalBeast6x,"This game used to be a charming experience where magic, fighting bows and fantasy came together in a unique way. The game is far butchered now compared to it's older version.Before: Up to three levels of spells in both priest and mage classes so that you can indulge in a magic fantasy playing the game. With secrets at every turn for your wizard to decode and dangerous territory where they have to show their wit in using their magic to upgrade their arsenal and using it creatively to beat the lords of magic themselves, the slitheraki or however you spell that...Now: Even with three levels of spells you are limited to 5 spells either mage or priest. Mages might as well be replaced with archers until you find a spell that can hit more than one target. Priests are nice for minor heal but cannot bless the party for a long time.Now:Speaking of buying, selling and upgrades... nothing you get from battles is worth anything... There are times that have values that shops will not take anywhere. Items worth 240 suddenly worth 6 in a shop...Before:Things costed alot but you could sell items during battle, find money and not [5 coins] per 3 mobs or even find loot that is an upgrade to what you had without going into their preset dungeons.Before:A game about survival where your party had to eat in order to sustain themselves so sleeping outdoors while sometimes bad was a way of hunting AND healing your party. If you didn't play this well, you'd end up with having to remake characters you put time into because they died. [Unless you found/decoded a high level revive spell]Now:The revive spell is in the game but... what's the point!? You can walk into town and get free heals. ""Survival"" You don't need to eat anything. The food items aren't even worth picking up, they heal you for garbage amounts. Speaking of which rather than enriching their item pool and allowing you to diversify how you play, they've just created more garbage for you to pick up.Before:The game was hard but you could select information out of conversations you had with people in order to find interesting things to do and tidbits of information. The quests that you took up on your own accord were the experience to level up your party and when you came back to claim the gold reward after barely surviving that was the icing on the cake.Now:THe quests give experience because the mobs sure don't give enough. You are forced into conversations where you have pre-established answers which sound nothing like what you'd even ask about in a conversation to the point where it makes you seem really naive or stupid. Hell half of the information you can ignore and walk into who needs conversations anyway. Also they'll mark it on the map for ya, no need to explore or be a cartographer.Before:Having useful skills in and out of combat was possible and while not needed sometimes made the return to civilization what little you got pretty fun.Now:Some things are taken out because during a level up you really don't get all that much to train yourself. It's probably due to the fact that the items and money drops from mobs are garbage because in the old Exile you had to not only have leveled up to train and allot points, you also had to pay for the training. Now you somehow train yourself cuz you know everything you just don't have ""EXP"" and only casters suffer the need of learning from someone else.Before:Armor reduced damage, better armor reduced it better. These were flat amounts. You still needed hp, magic doesn't care about your armor and the strongest foes can use magic that you like to use all the time!Now:Enemies don't need to use magic to overwhelm you because armor only increases the damage you reduce by a percentage. So rather than buying something nice to actually protect yourself it's more like you will always take damage from a foe but can lower it somewhat. Mind you that healing in battle either cost money [which you won't have] via potions or mana [which cannot be healed outdoors or in dungeons even by waiting in safe areas that you've explored and mapped like a smart survivor.]Exile used to be a brutal game where you felt like you were thrown down the pit and each battle brought you closer to your goal of getting out. This version either you play at a low difficulty and give yourself a yawn fest or you play at a high difficulty and wonder why you play. This isn't one of those ""Strategizing rpgs"" at that point, it becomes a luck and trial game because the game cannot sustain itself. I did play it on the strongest difficulty but that's because I played it before expecting the same fun gameplay with a tough twist. Instead the gameplay is boring and now feels like a rip off of newer games. [Questing for exp, dumbed down,  does not self sustain, barely on topic, pompous pretending to make something hard with modes when it's just a percentage modifier to things that are there already... Give me back Exile. I am glad I only bought Avernum for 3 bucks but it really wasn't worth that either!]Also for those who get a tiny bit in... Spray acid..."
76561197998968342,Recommended,208400,8525511,"Posted: 2 January, 2014",all,lrdcthulu,"Avernum is a classic old school RPG. The game is massive, with lots of dungeons, encounters, towns and quests. Expect to drop 40+ hours completing it, if not more. There are multiple endings, and lots of plot.All in all, if you like detailed turn based RPGs in the classic mode, this is absolutely a game for you. on top of that, the low cost makes it an excellent buy, especiall considering the amount of time a playthough of this game can take."
76561197993154730,Recommended,208400,7753535,"Posted: 25 November, 2013",all,Argyle Sox,"Play this game!  It has a wonderful grip on the world and a fantastic sense of exploration.  You never really know what you'll find when you set off into the caves, and the combat system is robust enough to stay interesting.  I cannot recommend it highly enough."
76561198057058810,Recommended,208400,9976792,"Posted: 29 April, 2014",all,|173rd| MunStarr,"You have to like old school dungeon crawlers to appreciate the game. Having said that it was everything an old school RPG game should be about. I'm a bit of a 1-time-pass-thru-completionist (rather than quick finish to replay for alternative paths) and  I got almost everything done in 187 hrs. There was only a few times I felt it was tedious play and that was with the friggin horrible ""lights go out, so you must click millions off times to move inches"" periods. The game does have a few minor bugs, like some times in teleporting your party members can end up inside room objects and freezes game for reload and if you happen to double click when casting sometimes your party members cast fake spells and move (when not supposed to move at all) so wasted turns can happen in middle of battles. BUT even with those minor bugs, the game was so fun and challenging I didnt mind over looking them. Newer more expensive games with better graphics have been doing much worse lately. Just suggestion, but go into settings and set party to move in fast mode or you might want to kill them yourself waiting to move very far! I'm definitely a fan of Spiderweb after this intro and I've already purchased x3 more Avernums based off this one. If that helps you decide in a purchase."
76561198047005657,Not Recommended,208400,13278851,"Posted: 7 December, 2014",all,Queen Eli,"I've played through this game three times, and each time I tried to convince myself that I enjoyed overly simplistic D&D type knock offs.I think for me the biggest reason I don't recommend this game is that the skill system is useless, and really you're going to end up structuring your party the same vanilla way (warrior, mage, rouge, healer) no matter what your personal style is. I tried doing 3 warriors and a healer and ended up struggling at the end despite being ""overleveled"". I tried doing only ranged/mage and found myself in situations where the maps were very clearly not laid out with any sort of thought to tactical retreating.There's also no real story behind much of the game. Which, for D&D clones where the whole point is dungeon crawling a good story and redeem most bad mechanics. It's really you just make your way across the map and kill stuff for people as quests. Even the mainstay of fetch quests are really more like ""go clear this castle the thing I want is at the top"" style of quest than anything else.Combat is bland. Turn based with speed modifiers. AoE spells are extremely overpowered in basically every situation. Mobs love to aggro from ridiculous distances and you can easily end up fighting a whole floor at once when somebody sees your party through a wall and picks up 20 or so friends on the roundabout way to join the fight.Equipment is a joke. Your whole party will most likely end up wearing the same set of steel armor -- even my mages did -- because of how broken the skill system is.With nearly 60 hours of game play there is nothing memorable about any of it other than my annoyance that there are two places where you can actually get stuck with no way out and I managed to find both of them.There's not really any redeeming qualities about this game, it's a bland D&D clone that's entirely unmemorable.Pros+ 8 hours of playtimeCons- No story- Skills don't work right- Little realistic customization- Illogical pathfinding"
76561198007833990,Recommended,208400,10247027,"Posted: 26 May, 2014",all,bruinb77,"This is a game for those who want to experience the nostalgic turn-base RPG.  For those familiar with Ultima IV (1985 release), Avernum will bring back those fond memories.  In Escape from the Pit, you control up to four party members who have been banished from the Empire.  From that seed, the storyline will grow.  Since this is a relaunch of the Avernum series, the graphics are kept simple, but effective and plays efficiently on much older systems.  Combat is turn-base with turns accomplished sequentially by intitiative and party order.  The story is interesting with plenty of side quests and dungeons/caves to crawl around and explore.  There is plenty of content since as of this review, I'm over 12 hours in and have covered around 1/3 of the map.Bottom line is that this is a fun turn-base RPG.  It's a must for the fans of Ultima IV."
76561198030540939,Recommended,208400,8574201,"Posted: 5 January, 2014",all,golan2072,"Avernum: Escape from the Pit is an old-school isometric RPG the style of Ultima 6 and 7, Planet's Edge and similar games. While graphics are old-school, this actually adds to the game's retro-charm, and gives the game's mystic underworld a great atmosphere. There is a HUGE underworld to explore, MASSIVE amounts of NPCs and locations, and HOURS UPON HOURS of gameplay. This is essentially Ultima 6 or 7 done today, with an even bigger world and much more to do, as well as enormous attention to details.If you liked Ultima 6 and 7, or even Baldur's Gate and Fallout, this is teh game for you.Highly recommended!"
76561197991330057,Recommended,208400,26360068,"Posted: 1 November, 2016",all,Bruce,"One of the best RPG's ever, has excellent pacing and you can fly through and read every box of dialog about every cave you run into or go spells a blazing and destroy the world if you want."
,Recommended,208400,13950501,"Posted: 11 January, 2015",all,theodore_schultz,"I got into Avernum because it was on sale and I like RPG's, but to be honest I didn't have high expectations.  Now, here I am with 45 hours under my belt and I can't stop playing.  The combat can be challenging at times but it is very rewarding, and the detail in the world is beyond what I was expecting.  The writing really drew me in and showed me that an RPG doesn't need anything flashy to really shine!"
76561197978317684,Recommended,208400,18489542,"Posted: 15 October, 2015",all,negatus,"With fully turn-based cRPG gameplay, low end audio & visuals (many recycled from other Spiderweb games), and a fairly traditional fantasy setting one would think this doesn't have much to offer.  For many gamers that may be correct, but I'm from the DOS era and can easily enjoy games with poor production values but entertaining play.The basic story / setting involves an authoritarian government that banishes its malcontents to a massive cave system called Avernum where they are expected to suffer and die rather than sow discord among the surface dwellers.  Enough get banished in this way that, over the decades, a shaky civilization is formed.  Your band of up to four are thrust into this misery where you must learn to survive, and through many increasingly important deeds save Avernum from its many enemies and maybe earn vengeance for yourself & the thousands of other victims of cruel Hawthorne's empire.  This took me over 100 hours to complete (150.2 isn't accurate thanks to many breaks and distractions while running the game).While there are many rough edges (like targeting area effect spells and path-finding), my biggest complaint is that there is no way for players to add notes to their in-game journal and maps.  The auto-notes that are generated, while better than nothing aren't always up to the job, so if you don't have perfect memory be sure to keep a word document handy.My rating: 3.14159265359 (out of 4)"
76561198121355753,Recommended,208400,10692968,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,Aziraal,"This is prehaps the best Dungeon Crawler/RPG (outside Legend of Grimrock, Dungeons of Dredmore) that Steam has to offer. It is easy to get into and hard to put down. What makes it so enjoyable is the non-linear progression of it all. You have a choice over everything, from doing quests to killing things. Your charators can be speced to your choosing. Want a warrior that hits like a truck and can shoot fireballs? You can do that! You want a rouge that can't be hit and is a master lockpick? You can!All in all, this game is well worth the price, even more on sale (if the Summer Sale is going while viewing this review)You won't regret. I've spent 135 hours on this game. Take it from me. It won't let you down!"
76561198045373464,Recommended,208400,31898613,Posted: 22 May,all,leshpar,"The Avernum original trilogy are my absolute favorite RPGs of all time. Extremely good story driven game combined with open world from the start lets you pretty much do what you want. It has turn based combat and very simplistic graphics and no music beyond a couple small jingles you get (one at the game menu and the other during loading screens). Each game in this series will easily last you 80 to 100 hours each. The game lets you create a party of 4 characters at the start of the game. The characters have no discernable personality but that makes them easier to project yourself onto.All in all, you will not be disappointed with this game. Number 2 is also available on steam. Number 3 hasn't been remade yet. If you want to buy the original remake from the early 2000s you can get all 6 avernum games on GoG for under 10 bucks.ps: I only have about 40 hours on this game at the time of review, but I have played through the 2nd version of this game before, which is not available on steam. This version has some really good quality of life improvements like a quest log, free resting and resurrection of dead party members, as well as an easier to understand skill system."
76561197982727216,Recommended,208400,14362764,"Posted: 6 February, 2015",all,alanisman1,"I was a little wary at first because I loved the original Exile games on the Mac and I was afraid of the changes in this version.  Although I do miss the ability to have six party members, I was very pleased to discover that this is a very accessible and fun RPG that still holds up today.  If you enjoy non-linear, massive RPGs (and don't mind a bit of reading) this game is worth your time.PROS+ Exploring the huge world is fun+ Loads of quests+ Nice inventory system (with infinite junk storage)+ Flexible character upgrade system (anyone can do anything)+ Optional, built-in cheat menuCONS- Massive world can be overwhelming (but good journal system helps)- Some areas can seem ridiculously hard (just come back later)- Fast travel is realistic but frustrating"
76561198229231924,Recommended,208400,26724540,"Posted: 20 November, 2016",all,teufel_barde,"Avernum: Escape from the pit is a remake of the first game in the Avernum series. It is a grid, turn based CRPG with sandbox elements.The plot is straight forward. On the surface there is the empire, ruled by the mad king hawthorn, a cruel dictator who rules with an iron fist. Those who go against the empire, or simply earn the ire of anyone in government, are tossed through a portal and left to die on the other side. The portal transports anyone who goes through it down to the depths of the planet, to a massive cave system with no hope of escape. So many people have been sent down there that they have begun to form their own nations as well, but, just because they are able to band together doesn't mean they are safe from the horrors that live down there with them. Your task as the newest exiles? Survive. Survive and do what you can for yourself, and for the underground nations.Gameplay is easy to understand. Everything is done on a square grid, from exploring the overworld to navigating in combat. Each character has four core stats, followed by talents, then perks. Each core stat effects an aspect of your characters growth. Strength determines how hard you hit with melee weapons and your characters carrying capacity, dexterity determines how likely you are to dodge attacks and how accurate you are with weapons as well as how much damage you deal with ranged weapons, endurance determines how resistant you are to certain status effects and how much health you have, and finally, intelligence determines how much mana you have, how powerful your spells are, and how resistant you are to magic.Every character has access to the exact same talent tree, allowing them to mix and match what skills they have to create whatever kind of character you want. Most of these talents are passive, but others grant active abilities which are worth investing into. You can put ten points into most talents, at which point you can't dump any more in, which is probably for the best considering at ten points in any skill, the bonuses are astounding. This really gives you the ability to build your own character however you want, from a long range crit machine, to a tank who casts spells.Then there are the perks, which give minor buffs to certain things, but can also have a pretty big impact on your character depending on which ones you pick. If you use summons alot, you can get a perk that makes them stronger, or if you want to cast more elemental spells, get the perk which makes them work as if they were a level higher.Combat works in terms of inititive, with the unit with the highest moving first, then the second highest going second and so on. Every unit has a set amount of time units to use during their turn, some actions costing more points than others. It might take one unit to move a single space, but ten to take an attack. You need to carefully position your characters and plan out what abilites your going to use on the many enemies you will encounter throughout your quests.Speaking of quests, you will encounter many on your travels, most of which are very fun. Granted, they can be as simple as ""clear out the fort"" or ""bring me five bear asses"", but few of the quests are exactly the same, and alot of them are actual, lengthy detours from the main quest lines. This really does help make the world feel that much more alive, which brings me to my next point.Avernum is a rather bland game visually. There are a few interesting things to look at here and there, but for the most part, you are inside a huge cave, with fungus growing around you. Thankfully, you start the game off with a world map, and they went out of their way to design the terrain so that its destinctive enough to be able to navigate based on land marks, like a river or an odd rock formation. While every dungeon uses alot of the same textures (in fact, most of the game does), each one is very different, This is because they designed them in very different layouts, with a wide enough variety of enemies to keep things interesting. The game has no music though, or voice acting, so bring your own music.With all this said, Avernum was an enjoyable experience for me, the only frustration i got was when i entered areas clearly too high a level for me or i missed that one hidden switch in the wall. The game does a great job of emulating the feeling of a Pen and Paper RPG, even allowing for player choice and, suprisingly, stupidity. It lets you ask really stupid questions, and the answers you'll normally get back can be equally as funny. I suppose thats what this game has, charm. While it isn't unique in terms of setting or has an overly deep, introspective, thought provoking plot. It does have alot of charm, a very well built combat system, a depressing, but hopeful and great plot, and a world that really inspires the desire to explore. The only limits are the walls of the cave.I would recommend this rpg to anyone who is a fan of old school rpgs, as well as people who enjoy newer things as well, as it has lots of familiar elements, while casting off some of the shackles older games have. If you are a fan of dungeons and dragons, or pathfinder, this is definitely an rpg you will enjoy, and possibly get some new ideas from."
76561198076703578,Not Recommended,208400,16063635,"Posted: 29 May, 2015",all,bnakao,"I love older RPGs. That's why it's so hard to not recommend this game. It could have been a great game, it has a huge world, tons of quests, and freedom to choose where you want to go anytime.The problem is that it is all very bland, the cities all look basically the same, there's very little actual plot, and very few interesting NPCs. There are a lot of lines of text, but most of it are descriptions of people or places, few are actual dialogue lines."
76561198314530059,Recommended,208400,30109544,Posted: 22 February,all,T713R,"Jeff Vogel's games are not for everybody and if they are not for you...I get it.  They appeal to a small population of mostly older gamers (30+) who spent their childhood in the 80s and early 90s playing old-school computer RPGs that looked and played similar to these games.  For younger people who were introduced to RPGs through something like Final Fantasy 7-15 or Oblivion or something like that, it's hard to recommend this because you probably won't be impressed without your nostalgia glasses on.  For those of us that played games like DnD Goldbox games or Might and Magic or Ultima, these games are a very fun time in familiar territory with great writing that inspires your imagination to fill in the blanks the graphics leave open.  I personally love the combat system which is turn based but also grid based which gives it an extra layer of strategy.  Not only is it important to plan out which skill to attack with, but also where on the board you are attacking from or what area to cast a spell at."
76561198042806305,Recommended,208400,13814038,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,Mechalibur,"Avernum Escape from the Pit is a shining example on how a game doesn't need to have amazing graphics (or even background music, for that matter) to create an amazing gaming experience. The game combines exploration, action point based combat, and a simple but surprisingly detailed storyline.After getting through the starting dungeon, you're thrust right into the middle of the Avernum, an underground world full of criminals of the surface Empire with no known means of escaping to the surface. You aren't given a central objective that the game forces you to persue throughout the game, and in fact, there are 3 different game-ending quests that you can complete. You're given the whole world to go through, and you can complete quests in any order you'd like (although some areas require certain items to access, like an orb that grants the power of flight). The towns and NPCs are colorful, although because of the nature of the game, there aren't too many NPCs with more than a few lines of dialogue.The combat system is simple, but offers plenty of options for tactical play. The system is action point based, and learning how to take advantage of it with abilities like Haste, Slow, Battle Frenzy, Sniping, and Adrenaline Rush is required to beat Avernum's greatest challenges. You also have to learn how to best make use of terrain, crowd control, and knockback abilites: moving through a space adjacent to an enemy uses up 4 of your action points instead of just 1, which allows you to set up choke-points to protect your weaker characters. Torment mode is particularly difficult, and because it's nearly impossible to power level (enemies in dungeons  rarely respawn), you're required to use every dirty trick you have available to win.Character development and levelling up is fairly basic. The party you play with has 4 members, all of which are created at the beginning of the game. You have 4 main stats (Strength, Dexterity, Endurance, and Intelligence, which do exactly what you'd expect), which go up slowly on their own, and you get 1 point to allocate yourself every level. You also get 2 skill points a level, which go into a branching skill tree which improves things like your casting power, ability to dodge, ability to unlock doors/disarm traps, and gather herbs. This means you aren't restricted to any particular archetypes or classes, and can develop your characters however you want (although certain hybrid character may not be the most effective in combat). You also get a trait every other level, which varies from making your character more likely to be attacked, to selling items for more money, to being able to cast spells in heavy armor. There's nothing about this that stands out immensely, but you are able to make a variety of characters.The game's graphics are somewhat mediocre, but it's not the focus of the game. There is also no background music in game, only ambient noises. Personally, it doesn't bother me much, but it could be jarring to others. While it should be the standard for games nowadays, I was impressed by how few glitches were in Avernum. Only 2 come to mind, and neither are game breaking (War Blessing only gives a 2% bonus instead of 10%, and targetted AoE spells have unlimited range if centered on an empty space). After the glitchfest of games like Fallout New Vegas, it's relaxing to see a game so free of crashes and progress halting glitches.Overall a fantastic game. I've probably put more time into Avernum than any other single player RPG (my 150 hours is from two separate playthroughs). It's simple, fun, and a great exploration experience."
76561198042890140,Recommended,208400,7774894,"Posted: 26 November, 2013",all,SFF,"This is easily my absolute favorite game from Spiderweb Software.  The story and lore are pretty good, there's a good blend of seriousness and humor, the combat is fluid, and unlike Avadon, I actually find myself compelled to keep going the farther I get into the game.A fair warning though, many of the bosses and minibosses are INCREDIBLY difficult."
76561198013203874,Recommended,208400,25230757,"Posted: 29 August, 2016",all,Lamorah,"I am in between a rock and hard place for recommending or not recommeding this game. The original version (which was published 2000-2001 ish) was great for that time. But now I am not so sure, the first 10-20 hours are intriguing but after a while especially as the map expands you get bored of walking up and down on the map, in and out of dungeons etc. Nowadays turn-based RPG's present a more accessible gameplay, and very intuitive UI's. This lacks that modern touch but don't get me wrong it is not a bad or mediocre game. You can easily get carried away with the story and the atmosphere, especially if you are in for reading lore material. Just not for eveybody, thats all. If you like Baldur's Gate series, Arcanum and so on, you will most likely enjoy this one too. If you are a fan of Spiderweb Software already you probably didn't read this. Buy any Spiderweb Software game on sale if you can and if it is for your taste there are 10+ games from the same devoloper for you to enjoy."
,Recommended,208400,26550546,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,grillonbleu,"I love this game. I'm super excited at how huge the game is and at the amount of games Spiderweb Software as already produced. I may never have to look for a good RPG again. The storytelling is great. I'm never at a loss, yet I never feel any hand holding. There is so much to do, so much to explore!"
,Recommended,208400,16683573,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,Shoucchin (翔多),"Okay so I'm pretty much hoping that my point gets across through my increasingly copious amounts of game time, considering I've had it for all of a week. If not, here's the gist of it.Spiderweb Software is an amazing company, and I originally discovered them through their Geneforge games. Now, I was skeptical when I first began playing Avernum because in my opinion it had a lot to live up to. I think I can now safely say that this is my favorite of all their games thus far. It is a remake of Avernum 1, which came out over a decade ago, and all it did was improve. Currently there is a gap in the story, because Avernum 3 has not yet been remade (though I assume you could go play the original) and so unless you're fine with skipping right over to 4, you'll just have to wait with bated breath.I know a few people who tend to ignore their games due to the admittedly strange graphics (how long can that man hold his arms like that, christ). While their portraiture and icons are very nicely done, they do skimp a bit in the 3D area, though I presume not for lack of trying. Having played a bit TOO many RPGs in days past I believe it to be somewhat nostalgic.In short, the story is amazing, the art ""antique"", and the replayability significant. If only we could port our endings to the next games. 9/10."
76561198076425292,Recommended,208400,20112717,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,KitamuraP,"A solid old-school RPG with beautiful retro graphics and emersive ambience.  It offers a huge underground world with plenty of events and creatures in it for you to explore. While the main story itself might not be that great and all. the side quests are usually fun and enjoyable. The game doesn't usually tell you exactly what to do next or where to find a certain item for a quest, and that, in my eyes is one of the reasons why old-school games are better than modern ones, in which all we do for side quests is go there and get that. the explore part is missing. In terms of character building and job skills, I think the game did ok, not great, but definately not bad either.So in conclusion if you are a retro rpg fan you should try it. If you are not, try it on a sale."
76561198056682064,Recommended,208400,10386506,"Posted: 7 June, 2014",all,theskinsurf,"Maybe the best $1.99 I've ever spent. There's so much content and wonderful strategic character progression. If you can sacrifice a little sheen for deep mechanics, this is a no-brainer."
76561197970715506,Recommended,208400,15763495,"Posted: 9 May, 2015",all,toddfox2,"I have played this game in at least two different incarnations. I love the fact that you can go where you want to go, when you want to go, and get your♥♥♥♥♥handed to you because you are too low leveled. Also, the dialog is quite good considering that it's written by one guy!8/10 - Would infiltrate the Emperor's residence again, just to see the look on his face when my salamander burns him to a crisp."
,Recommended,208400,2604884,"Posted: 12 July, 2012",all,Keldorn,Much better that you would expect it to be. A fine game not unlike Baldur's Gate and Fallout.
,Recommended,208400,12588108,"Posted: 20 October, 2014",all,The Prophet Mohammad,"Avernum: Escape from the Pit is overall a really solid RPG. It combines classic party-based tactical RPG combat with a large and deeply designed gameworld. The result is an expansive classic RPG with a modern user interface that is a delight to play. Combat is deep, but not slow or frustrating to go through. Dungeons are just the right length, with enough secrets to reward thoroughness and some backtracking. Character design is involving and interesting, with most character builds and party compositions working well. The presentation is functional, but for fans of CRPGs the breadth of gameplay will win you over."
,Recommended,208400,20042879,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,Kibbles,"This is such a weird and lovely game. If you can get over the graphics and animations that are a few inches above the ASCII symbols of Dwarf Fortress and Nethack, you'll find a huge text-heavy RPG with a unique setting, hilarious writing (every innkeeper has some excuse as to why you can't get a room there) and a simple but efficient character stat system. There's goold old turn-based combat, tons of secrets and a lot of world map exploration with special events.The UI is kind of a pain in the butt (no automated inventory sorting, ESC to cancel out of spells / menus and pathfinding can be spotty) and the difficulty varies massively by area, with only a warning sign and NPC's advice separating you from having your legs removed by giant intelligent spiders. If you can live with that, it's a great rewarding title that perfectly captures the classic RPG feeling."
,Recommended,208400,19400711,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,caelumsixsmith,"+ Quite a big world+ A lot to explore+ Considerable amount of content+ Simple yet detailed lore (easy to get into, interesting enough to dive deeper)+ Interesting NPCs+ Freedom right after the tutorial+ Character management is easy to deal with while still providing some depth+ Well presented battle mechanics- Interface is not practical enough- No crafting, yet a lot of lootable items that could be used as material- Making potions is a little complicated at first- Gear (both arms and armor) doesn't feel varied enough- You can't loot the bodies of fallen party members to use that resurrection potion you so desperately needVerdict: I'm a newcomer to old school sandbox RPGs and I think Avernum: Escape From the Pit was a very good start. EFtP is a reboot of a reboot and still presents some rough edges, but it's easy to get over them since most don't have a considerable impact on what the game is about: exploring, running quests, defeating foes and uncoverying lore. It brings more than enough content to justify its original price, being a bargain at a discount. Defintely worth it!"
76561198030436576,Recommended,208400,12408896,"Posted: 8 October, 2014",all,Frustaro,"First of all I must say I am a big fan of role play games, that I started back at the date with Eye of Beholder: I consider the top of the genre Baldur's Gate (the first one), and this is the first time I play an Avernum game; I was therefore completely new to the lore, mechanics and rules used in the game.From the beginning Avernum: Escape from the pit looks intriguing and catchy: from text to text and fight to fight, I found myself playing for 3-4 hours straight after installation without realizing it.The art and the drawing are inspiring, there is a lot of text that really make us feel the story and the lore, dialogs are brilliant; character creation and advancement, fightings, divine and arcane spellcasting: everything it is intuitive and somehow innovative, taking clear inspiration from old paper rpgs and fusing it with ""modern"" skill trees.Longevity also seems to be a strong point of this title: I played 4 hours and visited 3 cities, and I could understand from the world map how insignificant is the portion of underworld I explored so far.The only negative feedback some people might point out is graphics, and on this I completely disagree: it is a simple retro 2d graphic but is not bad at all: on the contrary it is clear and fluent, does not disturb the eye and does not require big machines to run.Also the music is fitting, with its epic tones: it is just a pity that there is not a bigger variety of tunes.All in all, I would recommend this game to all rpg fans and to all retro gamers, giving it a solid 8.5 out of 10. There are not many better roleplaying experiences than this one out there :)"
76561198083304970,Recommended,208400,14883661,"Posted: 14 March, 2015",all,Geno,"If you're reading this review, probably you're searching for a good rpg: you've found it.Why?In this game you will find an imaginative fantasy world, harsh, but vibrant of life, magic and perils.A compelling storyline from  you could write a book with all the descriptions and dialogues.HOURS of exploration with the fear of a threat right after a tunnel or in a deeper cave or simply travelling between settlements.Deep combat mechanic and character development.Where are the problems, a letdown then? Well graphics and sound are directly from classic old rpg games, since this game is totally ""substance"" and not ""appearance"".If even this it's not your problem, and your love for pen 'n paper rpg using a bunch of nicely detailed miniatures and a good diorama/cardboard is still there...You'll be in heaven even in Avernum."
76561198043787903,Recommended,208400,32266951,Posted: 8 June,all,fatso catso,fun old-school RPGmake sure you save often since there's a bug that corrupts your save file and deletes items from all chests in the game
,Recommended,208400,34348429,Posted: 19 August,all,Sweep,"About Avernum: Escape From the PitAvernum is an epic fantasy role-playing adventurer set in an enormous, subterranean nation. Avernum is a land underground, a subterranean nation full of rogues, misfits, and brigands, struggling for survival and wealth in the monster-infested darkness.You have been banished to the underworld, never to see the light of day again.The surface is ruled by the cruel Emperor Hawthorne, master of the Empire. All of the known lands are subject to his brutal command. Everyone who speaks out, misbehaves or doesn’t fit in is cast into the dark, volcanic pits of Avernum, far below the surface. There, you are expected to die, a victim of starvation, horrible monsters, or simple despair.But not all of the Avernites have surrendered. With magic and steel, they are forging a new nation deep underground. You can join them and fight for safety. Or freedom. Or, if you dare, revenge on the surface-worlders who tried to destroy you. Join your new countrymen, explore a huge game world, hunt for hundreds of magical artifacts, choose from hundreds of quests, and become the hero of the underworld!Release Date: 11 Apr, 2012The GameplayThis is not a mindless RPG. Don't go into this game desiring mindless fun, for you will have to read quite a bit, manuever Avernum's cave systems via map systems, and retain information about quests, as the game doesn't hold your hand with doing so. The game does have a journal system that is VERY nice for its time; when you're speaking to an NPC who says something worth noting, you can ""record"" their speech with the click of a button, so you can pull this up at any time. This comes to be very useful, as quest notes don't update as you progress through a quest, so it's up to you to pay attention and know what the next step is. Despite all this, Avernum stays very much so to the right side of the line when it comes to tedium. I encountered no game-breaking quests during my playthrough like I have with other RPGs of the time (Divine Divinity, I'm looking at you, though I love you so). It IS possible to kill NPCs that you'll need for certain questlines, though the other questlines are still available, and there is also a cheat system to help you through this as a last resort (just look up your problem online).All in AllAvernum: Escape From the Pitis a good RPG Game!9/10 From MeSweep"
,Recommended,208400,12697599,"Posted: 30 October, 2014",all,R2L3372,"Let me begin... if you are not into reading lore, and saturating yourself with a game's story... you will be missing at least 50% of this game... and probably will not fully appreciate what this game has to offer.For every 5 minutes of battle, you will spend an equal amount, if not more, reading into the story, conversing with the various characters that inhabit Avernum, and learning about the land from pop-up descriptions.The skill-up system is nice. Though, classes are pretty linear. Mages mainly focus on mage, priest on priest, and so on. You won't really be seeing many priests dual wielding, or sword-and-board mages. BUT, you can really specialize in certain skills, so though, you can't really roam outside the realms of your specific class, you can specialize it pretty well.The combat is classic, old-school, turn-based goodness. The difficulty is decent. If you don't know how to play these types of games (learning to buff and debuff prior to battles, crowd control, and so on) this game will prove difficult. Once you get a hang of it, it becomes fun.AGAIN: If you are not a fan of engrossing yourself into lore, you will not get as much enjoyment out of this game as you could. IF you enjoy lore and character depth, you will thoroughly enjoy this gem.9/10"
76561197983672075,Recommended,208400,20612533,"Posted: 18 January, 2016",all,DaetherX,"I absolutely love this game.Spiderweb Software (one guy) writes amazing stories.I really can't believe I didn't review this before now.Okay, you see the graphics look ""nostalgic"" but if you either don't mind or even like the style, then you'll see the gameplay is solid and the story keeps you moving forward so you see what happens next. I can't recommend this enough, especially since it goes on sale all the time.If you're at all interested in this game, get it.The battles work as you expect for a turn based strategy game.As for leveling up: You aren't locked into ""classes"" you can mix and match and dabble into any abilities you want, but you'll be weaker than if you specialize. That being said, I put just enough to get my mage a healing spell ""just in case"". And ""just in case"" happens often enough for it to have been worth it."
,Recommended,208400,14859380,"Posted: 12 March, 2015",all,Mimming,"Played this game when it was called Exile - when I was just a small boy.The graphics and gameplay are now a bit dated. But this is still one of the strongest and deep RPGs I have ever played. Spiderweb did a great thing putting Exile on a PC shareware disc, because it has made me a lifelong fan of their games.It is a dream of mine to see this game get made into a Skyrim-esque style (graphics/UI) engine with the Avernum story all intactAbsolutely recommend"
,Recommended,208400,30725335,Posted: 25 March,all,durnsey,Janky old-style RPG with a heart of gold. Unique storyline and evocative pixel-art. Just be prepared to battle through awkward UI and dated systems.
,Recommended,208400,26350102,"Posted: 1 November, 2016",all,Bingus Dingus,A solid indie CRPG with interesting ideas and decent writing. Very flexible gameplay.
,Recommended,208400,12688497,"Posted: 29 October, 2014",all,SokerCap,"A great game for fans of old school d&d rpgs.This game really brings me back to the old Gold Box D&D pc games (Dark Queen of Krynn etc). In an era of very limited graphics those games brought large worlds with epic stories and solid d&d party building and tactics combat. The Avernum series of games continues in that style with a large world full of unique lore to discover. The character and skill system is not too complex but has enough options to keep fights challenging and requiring planning while focusing on exploration and the story instead of large stat sheets. Over the Avernum series you can see steady improvements in the ui, engine and balancing quests and this is the best one I've tried yet."
,Recommended,208400,7785252,"Posted: 27 November, 2013",all,cabadrin,"If you haven't played this game, you need to. This is an amazing accomplishment and just as exciting as it was in 1995 when I played Exile and Exile II! Well, well worth the purchase."
76561197966835726,Recommended,208400,12616950,"Posted: 24 October, 2014",all,Pototron,Open World with exploration.Huge world full of secret.  Nice Story and very cool atmosphere.total party customisation.  If u dont mind the old\simple graphic its a gem!!
76561198060470937,Recommended,208400,29954390,Posted: 15 February,all,keeperosin,"..I got this game cheap on a sale.  It looked like an old-school/tactical rpg blend (I didn't know it wasn't a new indie game) and thought ""the whole game takes place in a cave, that might be cool.""..I'm here to say it is cool...This is one of the few rpgs that actually make you feel ""This place is really interesting, I need to know more.""  At the same time, the writing does a great job of telling a story without making you read a novel...There are random encounters that each feel unique.  Sometimes the enemies will flee and you can choose to cut them down or not.  Some goblins took up camp near a town.  I came up planning on killing them, but the game said they were poor and sad looking and that they didn't seem to be causing any harm.  I let them be and they're still there as far as I know...many of the mechanics are very unique (such as shared stats for things such as lockpicking).  The whole team's mechanical ability is taken into account.  Also secrets are hidden behind skills arcane lore and cave lore (also party cumulative)...Now I'm not through with the game, or even super deep into it, but (and this never happens) I haven't found one bit that annoys me or gets in the way of the fun...I highly recommend this to any fans of old school rpgs, and anyone who wants to explore a unique and interesting world.  Wait for a sale if you have to, but (knowing what I know now) I would have paid full price...PS there's like four sequels!  So even more waits if you like the first one."
,Recommended,208400,766241,"Posted: 11 May, 2012",all,Der Ungrund,"Awesome open world, party focused, turn based RPG.  It has some of the usual flaws that come with most Spiderweb games: slightly cumbersome interface at times, a few too many trash mobs (which can become a tad annoying late game once you no longer need the experience for leveling) and the harder difficulties require a large amount of min/maxing to get by (which isn't a big deal on lower difficulties, but if you play on torment hybrid builds are basically ruled out if you want to survive).  But apart from these minor quibbles (and they are minor) this is really one of the better open world RPGs I've played in ages.  The world is massive and packed with detail so basically every nook and cranny has something to make it worth exploring, without any of the ""generic algorithm generated"" feeling you get from many open world games.  Well worth the 10 bucks."
,Recommended,208400,25985198,"Posted: 11 October, 2016",all,jac1975asc [Frozen Spirit Jac],"Big fan of the Spiderweb games. Still have the original game back when it was called Exile. And then they upgraded it to something else i can't remember, but i didn't like it as much, now, Avernum is well suited for the PC.This (Actually the original ""Exile"") was the first RPG game I had played prior to Final Fantasy game, back when Larry the Lounge Lizard was Froody as Zaphod's second head drinking a Pan Galatic Gargle Blaster... enough of Nostalgia!Overall of this game (upgraded) is refreshing, has a lot of old but alot of new features. Easy to play and not clunky.Good simple sounds (not annoying)Graphics simple, and one can play at ones leasure being Turned based.The story of all the Spiderweb games are good and worthwhile, but since i still have the originals, going to wait for the rest of them to go on special"
,Recommended,208400,25943582,"Posted: 9 October, 2016",all,Ongoingwhy,An excellent RPG with a classic turn-based combat system.
76561198027083562,Recommended,208400,29268404,Posted: 15 January,all,Codieode,"What a game, I loved playing Exile back when I was younger, and never did finish it, was very fulfilling to play through on this new version and finally complete all three main objectives!  Great story, entertaining characters, optional progression, just a great game."
,Recommended,208400,15894312,"Posted: 18 May, 2015",all,Rezzurekt,"I spent hundreds of hours on the Exile series (yes, it's Avernum now... I'll accept that in another 20 years) in the 90s and loved every minute. I've picked up where I left off (after Blades), but the original should be commended for being an innovative gem.Party customization is fairly deep and allows for a wide variety of tactical strategies to fit individual play style. It's turn-based, so you can come and go as you please (save after combat). Exploration of hidden areas is rewarding and the non-linear questing (take your own approach, or even finish before picking them up) gives it a realistic touch. Graphics snobs--this might not be for you. As someone who started gaming with Pong, I can appreciate this restyled version of an old classic. This version seems to start off slightly less bleak--could be the additional color.I've always liked the developers, who are even friendlier than those spiders that think I'm cute. Thanks for years of quality entertainment!"
76561198017642220,Recommended,208400,23155805,"Posted: 23 May, 2016",all,queenmoreta,"This has to be one of the most engaging games I have played in a long time. I have never played any of the previous games in the series but thought this one looked really interesting.It was very text heavy but it set the story, it set the world you were stuck in, it allowed you to get to know different characters and what they are going through.I wasn't at all bothered by the lack of music, if anything it really added to the desolate, barren feeling of the cave systems.I can definitely recommend this game to others. Give it a try :D."
,Recommended,208400,12643383,"Posted: 26 October, 2014",all,Ophidian,"Almost 20 years and two remakes in, this game still rocks. If you can look past the graphics (which you should) and the odd clunky mechanic, this is a game that you will spend innumerable hours on. A vast (VAST!) world to explore with dozens, if not hundreds of secrets, a multitude of locations and quests, and three separate, intricate main plotlines make this game what I dare to call the Skyrim of isometric turn-based RPGs."
76561198033473318,Recommended,208400,4186295,"Posted: 28 June, 2013",all,Mikolaj,"Good pacing, challenging combat, works under wine!"
,Not Recommended,208400,14352146,"Posted: 6 February, 2015",all,Wu Ziheng,"This game just isn't for everyone.I'm sure it hits the right chord for some with gameplay harkening back to early PC dungeon diving, it didn't for me. The dated graphics leave something to be desired, the story is one that doesn't stand out and the gameplay is simplistic to a fault.I picked it up on the cheap during a sale just because it had a ""very positive"" rating on Steam so it was no big lost. There are just better titles out there I'd rather spend my few available gaming hours playing."
,Recommended,208400,22615551,"Posted: 24 April, 2016",all,toffeecake,"The first game of this series I played was Exile III which was a free demo back in probably the late 90's/early noughties. It got me hooked on the games of Spiderweb Software. This is a re-vamped version of the first in the Exile series.The graphics in this game, as you will read from other reviews, are basic in comparison with games - but it more than makes up for it in storytelling and the sheer size of the game.If you visit their website they offer a free demo of all their games if you want to try before you buy. It will also give you the option to download demos for all the other fantastic games offered by Spiderweb Software (Avadon, Geneforge and the rest of the Avernums!)Well worth buying it!"
,Recommended,208400,5409817,"Posted: 8 July, 2012",all,trey_ok,"Nicely done standard dungeon-crawling Baldur's Gate redux with just enough story to keep you playing. Bonus: small download size (only 160 mb), so getting from buying to playing took less than 10 minutes."
,Recommended,208400,16419130,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,Giggle Schittz,"For lovers of old RPG's this is the game for you. Honestly having a ball with it so far, and I can see that its just the beginning. Buy this, its cheap and brilliant."
76561198061364963,Recommended,208400,13342332,"Posted: 13 December, 2014",all,sadisticWaffle,"I started out in the first few hours of Avernum, thinking do I want to keep playing this game.  Well 80 hours later i had explored the entire map, had a party leveled to 30+, and had completed every possible quest that I could find.I really enjoyed the 80 hours that I put into Avernum, and would highly recommend this to anyone.Best Feature: Turn Based Battle System with Action PointsThe strategy involved with just spacing out your party members on the battlefield while doing melee and magic damage to the enemies can be very deep and rewards the player for using the most optimal strategies."
76561198033733575,Recommended,208400,10333871,"Posted: 3 June, 2014",all,Cheeba_Zhang,"Fantastic old school 90's RPG, expansive world to explore and well written story, characters and lore.Highly Recommended"
,Recommended,208400,27004548,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,zeracool2k,"Avernum: Escape From the Pitis an old text-based CRPG with simple graphics and mechanics, that has been ""enhanced"" with new graphics and a better engine (still simple, though), along with a new name.Personally, I thought this game was not worth my time, until I played it. This is the first Spiderweb Software I played, and I assure you it will not be the last. The game is so well written that I started playing older games from the authors (Geneforge), all because of text and fluff.Gameplay is simple, with you directing a pre-defined party (chosen by you) around Avernum, the cavern-prison of the Empire. You get to places, get quests, fulfill them, get spells, items, and so on. You can modify your party at any time, and it even comes with a built-in character editor, in case you get stuck (due to poor ability planning) or bored.What sets this game apart is that mostly everything is richly described, from the lowly blacksmith to the Temple of the Lizards (no spoilers), to the Crystal Cave. Give it a chance, and you will probably end up liking it."
,Recommended,208400,27019199,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Zyryle,"Love this game so much.I love the story of the game the characters, But the archer and other melee character are lacking of skills and boring.but over all I like it, lots of secret places and story to uncover."
76561198008152219,Recommended,208400,26845542,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Zodiac,"An amazing CRPG. If you loved Spider Web software's other titles, you'll love this one too."
76561198035448543,Recommended,208400,27685030,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,MsLilly,"I like this game alot.The graphics are a bit bland, but the story and gameplay make up for it.All your partymembers are blank slates that you create at the beginning of the game (Or later in the game, you can delete a character and make a new one), so all dialogue and personality comes from npcs.I don't really remember the music, but then I'm not really into music, and that might be good or bad depending. It's not like an epic battlescore, but it also doesn't make your ears start bleeding after 10 minutes."
,Recommended,208400,26040676,"Posted: 14 October, 2016",all,Yaridovich,"8/10Avernum: Escape From the Pit is the reboot of the Avernum series and it does a great job at that.While the game isn't anything heavy on graphics, it still brings updated looks in comparison to the original Avernum games, along with other updates, while at the same time maintaining the core mechanics from the original, which work just as great as they did before.People who enjoy oldschool RPG games and/or games that rely heavily on story and tactical combat will most probably enjoy these games. And even people who like RPG games but aren't too used to these oldschool ones can still pick it up and enjoy it, as the mechanics aren't anything overly complex to learn.You build your party the way you want (or skip it altogether and use the default party). When making your party, you can either use pre-set character archetypes (Soldier, Sorcerer, etc) or just customize each character the way you want, picking their stats and skills.The game has an interesting story, even if it's not anything mindblowing, and there's a lot of exploration and side-quests involved, including finding secrets. It's easy to accumulate many hours within the game (I should say, considering I have 91 hours in the game and I only finished it once).I think my only actual complaint with the game is the limit on summons - each character can only have one summon active, regardless of whether you use magic or items to summon a creature and summoned creatures themselves aren't too strong, save for the very best summon which can be decently useful. So if you want to make a character focused on summoning, he/she probably won't be very effective. It would have been a lot more interesting to be able to summon multiple creatures, maybe one strong summon along with a few weaker ones. (and I know it's possible - this has been done in other Spiderweb Software games)Nonetheless, a great oldschool RPG."
,Recommended,208400,27071708,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,kilyle,"As a fan of retro RPGs, I can think of few that take place in a world as expansive as Avernum.  I originally played it back when it was called Exile, before the revamp that gave it a tutorial level, made sure you couldn't leave the first town without knowing about the free supplies, updated the graphics (including work by Phil Foglio!), and dropped the party from six members down to four (the part I am saddest about; having a six-person custom party was sweeeeet).The number of hours I spent exploring just the first portion of the game would be enough to fill a regular game by themselves.  Maybe it's just my play style, but I doubt you could get to the original's Shareware Demon if you weren't by that time ready to play through the rest of the game -- I still consider that the best form of shareware I've ever seen.And the world-building within that area was astounding.  The idea of living in a giant cave, and how it would affect the citizens, was richly explored, down to the type of farming (mushrooms) and livestock (giant lizards).  The political in-fighting was interesting without being overbearing; it comments here and there on modern issues through the types of people who got tossed in the pit.  The monsters had some variety to them (not, perhaps, as much as more modern games) and the way the combat flows from the environment is really appealing (there's Fight and Peace states, but the fights happen within the place you're at, not in a separate screen).  There's a lot of loot, including bits of trash and such to make the world more immersive; there's little bits of story everywhere.  And although the character-customization options seem to have been streamlined (reduced), there's still plenty of ways to make a unique team.If you're up for an old-school RPG with a very large world to explore, do give this one a try."
,Recommended,208400,26939982,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,SquishyRat,"You want a throw back to the oldschool cRPG, then this is the place to go to. Avernum - an underground kingdom/prison the size of a small continent. Thrown down by the overlording surface empire, you must survive with your band of adventurers in this strange land.Looking at the screenshots gives you a good idea of the look of the game. The writing, though, is probably the strongest feature about Avernum:Escape from the Pit. There is plenty of quick dialogue that forwards the story without becoming overwhelming. There are hundreds of differnet and unique characters to interact with.One of my favorite aspects of the game is the level scaling... meaning, I feel it doesn't hold your hand as you adventure. Some dungeons are leveled well above your party. This means that at times you need to retreat and come back later. Learning which dungeons are hard is part of the fun, and challenge. I feel that modern games try to hand hold you too much, not allowing you to walk into an overpowered demon boss who promptly decides you are his next meal.Avernum: Escape from the Pit brings back the old balance and fun of cRPGs. This game has been around since the 90s, first known as Exile: Escape from the Pit. It's got a great legacy and deserves attention."
76561198045350135,Recommended,208400,27574428,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,otters7,This game is a great throwback to pen and paper rpgs.  I have grown up with Jeff's works my whole life and it is always a joy to play new ones or replay old favorites.  If you love immersive stories and worlds and tactical combat and character building (but don't mind outdated graphics) these are the games for you
,Recommended,208400,10542743,"Posted: 19 June, 2014",all,BomberJack,"A turn-based tactical RPG with a brilliantly original world full of nooks and crannies. Seriously rivals Skyrim in terms of exploration, and it's better written to boot. If you can look past the shortcomings in the visual and audio departments, you'll find a treasure trove of entertainment. Hell, I got 70 hours out of this one.You'll never want to Escape From the Pit."
76561197999379421,Recommended,208400,12219911,"Posted: 24 September, 2014",all,NijAAlba,"While being mostly nostalgic, the game is amazign at what it does. The story develops constantly and perfectly fits the theme of the world and the game. Combat mechanics are dynamic and variable enough to have this feeling of your own party that slowly grows to your heart and makes you play further to beat everything the evil throws at you.Concerning the negative points, the technical aspects are the biggest part here. The graphics, while aesthetically suiting, are pretty simple and there is not a lot of comfort built in the game. However, almost nothign of this has actually made me feel worse about the game, as the positive parts overweight so heavily. If you are interested in old-school party RPG's, you might sink way too many hours into Avernum.8/10, as the game is nice, but has some tedious gameplay after time."
,Recommended,208400,18701107,"Posted: 26 October, 2015",all,Gabriel,"If you played the old Exile games or if you like RPG games give it a try, it's on discount right now. Even if the graphics may feel a bit lacking the game is inversive, the story is great as usual and with a high replayability value. Your decisions matter. If only we could bring our endings on to the next series. 8.5/10."
,Recommended,208400,9885707,"Posted: 20 April, 2014",all,|AZ|Nabeshin,"I paid $0.99 for this game from one of those week-long Steam sales that start every Monday.  I am so glad I chucked a dollar for it because this game is amazing.  If you like these older style dungeon crawlers where its more about the writing of the story than the graphics or how much carnage can be dealt with button-mashing combos, then this game is a definite must play even at full price!"
76561198276642841,Recommended,208400,26073711,"Posted: 16 October, 2016",all,Flatline228,"Pretty good, with some old-school feeling game. Funny design and overal approach to graphics."
76561198085787305,Recommended,208400,28450672,"Posted: 18 December, 2016",all,BigB,"While not for everyone, this is a solid title. After a couple of hours of wondering if I'd get hooked, I ended up getting hooked!Oh yeah, and if you don't like reading, this is not for you. I have yet to see any poor quality writing let alone grammar mistakes."
,Recommended,208400,7786166,"Posted: 27 November, 2013",all,mastercylinder,"Classic Exile story in a modern engine. A fun time to play, though perhaps better suited to tablets in this modern era?"
76561198052362545,Recommended,208400,7949067,"Posted: 6 December, 2013",all,sheba392,"I've really enjoyed this game..good story line but believe me its not a walk in the park, The boss fights are tough in this game, but l still enjoy it. All of Spiderwed games are good,  each  one is a different story."
76561198055547968,Recommended,208400,10579335,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,Manny,"This game is great. I have always enjoyed Spiderweb Software games. Starting from the early 90's, they have filled the turn-based tactical RPG role in my game time. Keep making these Jeff."
,Recommended,208400,10774552,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,StriderEagle,Old School type Game. Played one of spiderwebs games years ago and never got to finish it... now I remember why. This game is long. At least its fun to play. Good game crappy graphics.
76561198044574430,Recommended,208400,11492670,"Posted: 31 July, 2014",all,DeepTragedian,"A well-written, content-rich, decidedly old-school RPG. Seems to have a thing for delicate mushrooms, and small, cute lizards. Would certainly reccomend to the right audience (that is, individuals like myself)."
,Recommended,208400,5232123,"Posted: 19 July, 2013",all,Spitfyr,At first it looks old-school but it plays modern. I liked this game even a little bit more than Avadon because of more freedom and the noticeable level of difficulty.For this price it is a great game with about 80h playtime. I give it 8.5 points out of 10.
76561198049115724,Recommended,208400,10674730,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,DrNRG,"Nice retro style game, not flashy but tons of RPG content.The fight mechanics are good too, just the right amount of difficulty, sometimes you have to strategize carefully to win."
,Recommended,208400,10332235,"Posted: 3 June, 2014",all,Kitsu,"Best game, great story and endless quests! :D"
,Recommended,208400,10341118,"Posted: 3 June, 2014",all,Salty Bear + Stick,"One of my favorite games from the 90's has been remade into one of my favorite contemporary role playing games. This game is incredible! The story is amazingly immersive, and the gameplay is well executed. If you like turn-based RPGs, you really must get this game."
76561198100856137,Recommended,208400,20367008,"Posted: 6 January, 2016",all,meginb,"Oh, boy. Where do I start? I probably wasn't even 5 when Spiderweb Software came out with games but somehow they managed to reach our old Mac. Needless to say the original game was unplayable with the skill and attention span a child might have between the ages of 5 to 10 but something about the original Exile games managed to stick with my older brother who's 4 years older than me. He's followed Spiderweb's releases and remakes of Exile religiously ever since, so naturally he was ecstatic to see me checking out this remake on Steam. Having never touched the games aside from making a party, getting lost at the starting point and giving up, what did I think of this incarnation of a classic?The first thing that's clear is how streamlined the interface has become, I believe Jeff has been working on making all the Avernum games run on the same engine to get them all consistant. It was a lot easier to maneuver through making a party and looking at all the spells/abilities... which used to have a lot more of to the point of insanity. Luckily, the spells that have been removed were either combined with other spells or removed because they really weren't necessary.Questing and leveling is also pretty straightforward. Conversing with NPCs used to require you entering actually words yourself to get answers and information, now it's more standard with a choice of questions or answers to get what you want. The world itself feels large and lively with a map that you will be using a lot. There's a lot of choice in how your party gets shaped and your actions in questlines affect what happens at the end of the game for at least 3 types of endings.There's no music in this game but the ambience and sound effects make up for that. If it gets too quiet for your liking you can run some of your own music to fit the mood, classical music was my choice and it fit surprisingly well. :) The graphics are also pretty simple but detailed enough to tell what's going on. Spell effects are different for each spell so you know what you just fired is indeed a fireball and blizzards are made of ice.Combat is done in turns and has each character in the battle using action points. Using all your action points ends that character's turn while saving action points smartly allows you to attack or move multiple times. There's various skills and spell effects, defending, mana conservation and looting to take into account in every battle so there's some pretty large amounts of strategy to this game. Running in blind is a very bad idea and you should save often however...even on easy you can get ambushed and overwhelmed whether it's a fort, dungeon or out in the open-world... some of the enemies run faster than you also btw. :PThe most unique thing about Avernum (and most of Spiderweb's other games) is the writing and sometimes bizarre humor. It's charming and sometimes unnecessarily descriptive about some items or people in the world of Avernum... it's also a legacy to Jeff's imagination all those years ago, he's admitted while updating these games that even he thinks he was crazy when writing them and he'll never be able to create something like them ever again.While admitting I am influenced a bit by the nostalgia, I think there's plenty for a new player to enjoy in Avernum if RPGs are their favorite pastime. There's a plethora of guides covering all sorts of playthroughs and party builds. This game was also a decent challenge on the lowest difficulty setting and it goes up to nightmare. The community on Steam and the official Spiderweb website is friendly, helpful and pretty enthusiastic about new people getting into the games AND in case you still aren't sure about the games, Spiderweb offers a free demo which you can upgrade to the full game without having to start a new game. :)P.S.: There are 574 rocks in the game... I may have missed a couple."
76561198067078498,Recommended,208400,15107560,"Posted: 29 March, 2015",all,Eddy,simple click and point adventure  if you can get past the out dated graphics .easy to learn  about 10 mins to get an idea off what too do and where to go  and get the basics down. first time playing a game like this and i love it.amen!
76561198039459492,Recommended,208400,10817362,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,Iñigo,Old School RPG that rocks. Nice gameplay and history. Im having lots of fun with it.
,Recommended,208400,24647116,"Posted: 31 July, 2016",all,Older_Salt,"I felt like reliving games I liked in the early 90s. Games like The Magic Candle and old SSI and Ultima games.Spider Web games taps into this nostalgia. They've released over a dozen isometric rpgs that offer hundreds if not thousands of hours of gameplay.I've put in 30+ hours into this title alone, one of 7 full titles in Avernum (I think), and that's not counting the Abadon games that take place in the same world. I'm estimating I'm about 25-30% into the game, though there are 3 completely different ways to win, so I really have no idea. The map is truly massive.A couple huge issues: The clumsy pathfinding will drive you nuts. Characters often take the long way around to a place with a misclick, ruining a battle and forcing you to restart.  The boat pathfinding is ridiculously awful. If you are patient enough to get accustomed to these old school mechanics, you'll be fine. Save. A. Lot.The world is dangerous. Don't expect clearcut level caps between regions, though the game is designed for widening challenges the further you venture. Money is hard to earn, and you get a real sense of accomplishment when you get a nice weapon or learn a new spell. While the starting area around Formello is relatively safe, the rest of the world is not. If it's a rich, nostalgic, challenging world you're looking for, get these. Can't be beat for the price either."
76561198007762021,Recommended,208400,2465432,"Posted: 5 July, 2012",all,Zarkon183,"This game is absolutely amazing. Its such a wonderful throwback to the games of old in the most enjoyable of ways. If you like DnD or anything of the like, this game is for you."
,Recommended,208400,23970244,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,[M3RC] Señor Sojex,"Great Game, Tactical, Unforgiving and a blast to play. Highly recomended for those who want a Challenge."
76561198021850039,Recommended,208400,14173927,"Posted: 25 January, 2015",all,Furbag,"Ah takes me back to my first PC gaming days. Things like Pool of Radiance, Immortal, Legend and then later Baldur's Gate and onwards. Just what you want from RPG, plenty of stoy, choices and turn based."
,Recommended,208400,25129139,"Posted: 25 August, 2016",all,sokol,i love this game. tons of loot; interesting story; really awesome atmosphere; and hours upon hours of potential gametime. definitely plan on replaying after i complete the rest of the series.
76561198128026236,Recommended,208400,10356691,"Posted: 5 June, 2014",all,Enhancement_Shaman,"Old school RPG with solid mechanics, zounds of quests makes gameplay least rly long whats big advantage for me. 100% worth for this price."
76561198105346585,Recommended,208400,26138792,"Posted: 20 October, 2016",all,Monokuma,Bloody excellent game
,Recommended,208400,473655,"Posted: 5 December, 2012",all,Nelldogg,This is probably the best game I've played since the AD&D games on the C64!
76561197998931921,Recommended,208400,10433531,"Posted: 11 June, 2014",all,Yubsie,This is now the third time I've bought some version of this game. I think that says a lot about the enjoyability of the game. It's an old school RPG in a very memorable world.
,Recommended,208400,25430885,"Posted: 9 September, 2016",all,Loenor Esmir (Taiga),I remember starting up late sheen this first came out. I had the shareware copy...and that was almost what would be a full game these days. I won't talk about the technical details. The story is very good...all in all it is the game play that makes this fun. His and hours of quality game play. I had most of the games then and am now putting them in my steam collection. Great memories and a lot of fun today as well.
76561197993052239,Recommended,208400,25213031,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,dawgamims,"A lot of people have gone through the mechanics of the game better than I would. Everything in the game is mechanically sound and allows for ample strategy. You should absolutely buy it and support a great indie developer.The only thing I would comment on is the writing. A lot of people have gushed over the writing saying it's wonderful. Well, itisgood, but have the right expectations: the writing is less the next Lord of the Rings in video game form and more having the best DM you could possibly imagine creating adventures for you.Definitely should get this game!EDIT: So I wanted to just add a final thought to my review. after putting almost 30 hours into the game, I've pretty much abandoned it. After thinking about it, I've realized the game lacks player agency. This means that there are no real choices in the game - there are dozens of quests to partake in, but there is no consequence if you don't do them. They are also almost all linear. The greatest choice present in most of them is whether youactuallygive a discovered quest item to the patron the commissioned the quest. Again, if you don't, the only consequence is not receiving the quest reward (which may or may not be better than the legendary item you're handing over).Games can overcome this if they have an immersive narrative or compelling aethetics and atmosphere. Unfortunately, this game lacks both. The narrative is ok and the world is unique, but it isn't enough to keep me going after 2 dozen hours.Now, some of Spiderweb's other offerings do give the player more agency. So again, I recommend the game, it's fun, but I just thought some may want to know."
76561198002296192,Recommended,208400,25209258,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,Oria,Awesome game. Part of series of very detailed and amazing games. Feels like old pen & paper RPGs.
76561198025472185,Recommended,208400,12865635,"Posted: 9 November, 2014",all,pjankows,Very awesome RPG game. Tons of content - big world to explore with many excellent quests. The combat system fun to play and the game is very immersive despite old school grapics.Recommended for fans of true RPG games with a good story. Can't wait for the Avernum 2: Crystal Souls sequel.
76561198016114126,Recommended,208400,27972323,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Solis,"This game is based off a classic and is just as much fun as when I played it 14 years ago. If you like RPGs with uniqueness, and that take time, planning, and preperation then you found the perfect game."
76561198089621246,Recommended,208400,29577694,Posted: 29 January,all,secondwatcher,"Well worth the money, even when not on sale... if it's your kind of game.  Reminds me of a lot of Ultima with an occasional feeling of Might and Magic.Update:  The amount of quality content in this game is overwhelming, difficulty is very well balanced (on normal difficulty at least), and the writing is exceptional.  If you love RPG's, you just cannot go wrong with this title.  It is very apparent this was a labor of love by someone who commands a gift for creativity and attention to detail.Epilogue:  I got an insane amount of playtime out of this for the price.  The game continued to impress and satisfy.  I should have paced myself better, because towards the end I just felt exhausted.  The writing and story-telling maintained their high quality all the way through the end(s), which I found to be quite fulfilling.  Now I realize this was a remake of an older title, and there are more than a few additional Spiderweb titles.  Not sure how I missed it when I was younger.  I guess I was preoccupied with one of my nasty ex'es or just in a gaming burnout phase."
76561198048880581,Recommended,208400,27702243,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,techno,One of the best CRPGs I've ever played. My play time doesn't do this justice as I've bought this multiple times. I've been playing a version of this game for over 10 years.
,Recommended,208400,12988635,"Posted: 17 November, 2014",all,[TBT] MadRussian,"If you appreciate quality over glamour and loved playing the old AD&D computer games, this game earns every bit of it's price.  I find myself losing track of time.  My only complaint is sometimes I wish the text was a bit bigger, but maybe that's just me getting old...Thanks SpiderWeb!"
76561198121209527,Recommended,208400,16250626,"Posted: 7 June, 2015",all,Daroob,"I've always enjoyed Spiderweb software's products, and this was no exception.  I had a really good time playing the game.  I thought it was well balanced, not too easy or too hard, and the open world made exploration very diverting.  The writing was solid, and the story interesting.The interface is pretty good, although there was a problem selecting individual squares where 3D objects overlapped.  It wasn't bad enough to prevent me from enjoying the game, but it was annoying.  It was also at times difficult to tell whether a character would move or execute an action when you clicked, which could result in your characters doing stupid things that got them killed.  Also, some story devices were overused.  (Specifically “Enlightenment”)  It is also a little bit difficult to tell what direction one should take with skills and such while leveling.  It was also a challenge to find objects on the ground to pick up.Still and all, it was a very solid, turn-based RPG.  I really loved it."
,Recommended,208400,12514161,"Posted: 16 October, 2014",all,Fanner,"Great, fun game."
,Recommended,208400,17642394,"Posted: 21 August, 2015",all,crashdown,"Avernum is a turn based indie RPG. It's heavily inspirated by old fashioned isometric rpg from the 90's like Ultima , the nostalgia appeal is definitively there . It's a solid crawling RPG with an appealing world (or rather underworld) if you can stomach the primitive graphics and limited storylines.Gameplaywise Avernum presents us with a good solid and simple fighting system which is quite entertaining and challanging. It's similar to many other similar games but the mechanics work, and it rarely frustrate you depite teh flaws in the GUI or the inperfect pathsystem. The game definitively doesn't hold your hand, and there are areas your party should avoid unntil they've grown in experience and gear as the creatures will crush you mercilessly.Spiderweb does a good job in presenting us this huge world with unique features and cultures, great atmosphere but ultimately it sometimes feels a little empty and one city look a lot like the others. The game ,with no advanced graphical features to speak of ,tries to impress you with lyric descriptions of the grottos in Avernum, but honestly there are only so many ways to describe the huge , dark and humid  cave where the story takes place, it gets old rather quickly.The quests in this game are rather traditional with the usual fare of defeating bandits\creatures\deamons to save the kingdomI know Spiderweb do not have the means to pay an army of writers to flesh out dozens of intricate quests with intagrated storyline and unique characters. But a few interesting quests with memorable characters and dramatic events would have been welcomed.I got rather bored toward the end, maybe because my party had become as good as they could, and the monsters weren't very dangerous and difficult anymore. Or maybe because I was tired of exploring the same fort or grotto with different names over and over again, but to be fair many RPG  have this effect on me after countless hours of playing.Avernum is a good old game from a different era, it's refreshing especially for its comeback of corevalues of the genre with none of the frivoulous stuff RPGs have to deal with those days (soap opera romances, over the top graphics, boring sidequests).Its biggest strength can also be its biggest weakness however as it also doesn't make much effort to introduce new concepts and stay on the safe side of Nostalgia.Having spent well over 100 hours in this game , I can still say it's qualities still outweitgh its flaws by far, what Avernum does , it does it well. If you look for a nice traditional , no-nonsense RPG with a solid gameplay and credible if at times monotonous world , Avernum is exactly it.Its limitations prevent it to be on the same league as Baldur's gate or Divinity (to be fair those are AAA games...) but it's still an excellent game and well worth your time."
,Recommended,208400,6019728,"Posted: 28 April, 2012",all,VandeGarde,"It's retro!....it's big!....the story line is well written and the micro character building impressing. If you like turned based role playing games and you don't give a damn about visuals but you do like your games to be involving, smart and the way they did it when games where just mind blowing and addictive....don't look no futher. Avernum is  THE GAME!  I'm not kidding. I am a hard core gamer and doing it for more than 25 years. Avernum is hot in it's own way! And hey!!!  I've played Skyrim, Mass Effect...you name it...I love it!!  As far as I'm concerned Avernum is up there in the Best Games Ever! And it takes up about 168 mb of hard disc space. Give it a try and play it. You will be an addict within an hour.....if you'll have a creative mind and are a smart guy/girl.....promise.  : )    Have fun."
76561198032103029,Recommended,208400,14236198,"Posted: 29 January, 2015",all,Agent Cooper,"Not much of a review, but I just want to say that I really love this game! I've played my fair share of old school RPG's, and this gem truly captures the essence of what makes a good RPG. The story and characters are compelling. The story is being told through dialogue with NPC's, and everything that's being said feels either important, humurous, or for some other reason relevant. The combat and skilling system is simple, yet has some depth. The world is rather large, yet it's all connected in a very seamless manner.Bottom line, if you enjoy a good RPG with focus on good story, combat, skilling system and without much handholding, give this game a try."
,Recommended,208400,10847625,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,Katt,Awesome sandbox RPG which I find more interesting than Skyrim.
,Recommended,208400,9904247,"Posted: 22 April, 2014",all,Silva,"Avernum is a pretty strange game, looking at it as someone too young to have played its ilk in their heyday. The control system is a little overcomplicated, the graphics are dated, and bosses tend to be signified simply by having disproportionate HP and *gasp* NAMES. Yet even with the remnants of gaming gone by, a natural consequence of the game's age, it's fairly enjoyable on its own merits. The combat is simple but solid, and the environments are decently detailed considering graphical limitations. What really makes the game stand out, though, is the sheer level of personality found in the game's world.The underground domain of Avernum is a harsh place of limited law. It's interesting to see how its forsaken people react in different ways to their exile: forging new civilizations, forming roving bandit bands making a bad situation worse for everyone, embracing adventure and combat... There's plenty of dialogue and lore to be found during your wandering, a lot of it comedic. For me, more than the game play itself, that's what makes Avernum worth playing: The sense of exploration in a bizarre subterannean kingdom. Give it a look--if you can put up with the eccentricities of age it's nicely done."
76561197976282702,Recommended,208400,12985523,"Posted: 17 November, 2014",all,MasterGono,"Great game, with a huge world to explore and several differant final goals in the end. The first two minutes I thought that I couldn't handle the old-school graphics anymore, but already a few minutes later I was kooked and couldn't stop playing until I finished every single quest line. :DAbsolutely a recommendation if you enjoy RPGs, epic stories and tactical turn based combat - and if you are not a graphic  fetishist."
76561197971131025,Recommended,208400,28063165,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,JOT,"Great RPG with open world to explore and with excelent plot. One of the best remakes of remake game. If you dont mind simple graphics with modern touch, then this game is for you."
,Recommended,208400,8831675,"Posted: 24 January, 2014",all,lucasart,"Avernum: Escape from the Pit is a remake of 1999's Avernum, which in turn is a remake of Exile's Saga, developed by Spiderweb Software, a indie software house which over the years has seen certain success among fans of the ""hardore"" RPG.With a structure that remembers the great classical, the player takes the control of a party of 4 characters, exiled as traitors of the empire in the Avernum, an enormous underground world in which city and factions have risen.Overall this Avernum: Escape from the Pit proves to be a good old-fashioned RPG: an original setting and a good exploratory component, excellent longevity, a turn-based combat challenging and complex and a narration over the top, true mark of factory of Jeff Vogel's games.This title is an excellent starting point if you want to approach the Saga of Avernum and fans of the genre should definitely not let it get away. For everyone else who would like to give it a chanche, remember that it's a good buy for the price, especially if you succeed in passing over the technical execution that is not to the height of the great productions."
,Recommended,208400,8159196,"Posted: 20 December, 2013",all,Solberg,"The first game in my favorite RPG and game franchise of all time. Limited gameplay, but amazing story. Cannot recommend enough."
,Recommended,208400,17003830,"Posted: 11 July, 2015",all,Alessondria,"Singe player turn based isometric party based cRPG.Great remake of a remake of the original, all of which made by the same guy. There is a lot to do with a very intretsing and rather unique game setting. I do wish the game world was 2-3 times the size of what it currently is with more loations. But you can easily milk 1-200 hours from the this title. The difficulty settings range form 'I'm never gonna die' to 'OMFG why can I not kill anything... its just a freakin 1 foot tall little person and a bat!!!""You will wanna make a party with dedicated roles over having everyone be able to do a bit of everything. A very fun and very enjoyable experince :) an easy 4/5 for a fantatsic development team."
,Recommended,208400,14322816,"Posted: 4 February, 2015",all,VaginaBats,"A lovely turn based RPG.666 = 6 Electrons, 6 Neutrons, 6 Protons. All atoms are energy, all is vibration."
,Recommended,208400,1353056,"Posted: 16 November, 2012",all,Maurog,"A remake of a remake, and made by Spiderweb Software known for making solid RPG games, this game has everything it takes to drag turn based RPGs into the twnty-first century. A vast world to explore, tons of people to meet, monsters to slay and quests to complete. All in all, an epic adventure!For providing over 100 hours of solid fun, I give it three dragons out of four."
,Recommended,208400,19983964,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,sword,"As an avid worshipper of Spiderweb Software, I was hooked to this game in a matter of minutes. Much like the Geneforge games, I've realized that my choices will only REALLY start to effect the gameplay later in the game. I dread the day where I will have to turn against my companions for what I view as the greater good. I may have to kill the Avernites, leaving nothing before me. Or maybe I'll become the new king, I honestly don't know. Right now, I'm content with delivering wine to the miners of Fort Draco. This is definitely one of Spiderweb Software's best. As much as I adore the Geneforge saga, this game takes the title of ""Best Spiderweb Software Game."" Or at least my personal favorite."
76561198068981892,Recommended,208400,16866634,"Posted: 3 July, 2015",all,AbacartheWizard,"This game is sort of like a retro, turn-based RPG. It reminds me of the old ""Pool of Radiance,"" and similar type games, which came out in the 1980's. But, it isn't the same, as in, it isn't ""official DnD rules,"" in fact it is more like a GURPS type system, where each character can be built any way you want. For example, you can have a ""tank"" type character who can also cast healing spells, or a wizard who is also skilled with a bow.I was skeptical at first, having been burned several times by games which are no fun at all. But, I am a huge fan of turn based RPG's, which are well made. This is one of them. I can't wait to try Avernum 2, 4, 5 and 6, which are also on Steam. (strangely, there is no Avernum 3 on Steam).The fights can be challenging. There have been several in which I thought the entire party would die, but I ended up victorious (my four man party has two healers, one of which is sort of an archer/healer, but it works well to have a back-up healer. I also put one point on healing for my mage, so he can also heal with his huge mana pool if he has to). And my party has been wiped out several times, but the game allows frequent saves, so all you need to do is go back to your last saved game and you're good to go if they all die.The game allows you to ""level up,"" with stat and ability increases at each level. There seems to be no level limit. I have been playing the game for a few days and my party is already level eleven.Treasure includes things like better armor, weapons, scrolls, wands, potions, money, gems, and all sorts of mundane things, like bags of flour, tools, etc."
,Recommended,208400,9203840,"Posted: 21 February, 2014",all,ewe2,"It's your old school isometric rpg set in an underground empire with wizards and demons and dragons, the usual stuff. Reminds me quite a lot of the old Ulitmas but it has its own character. The combat system is nice and simple and the levelling has the unusual feature of improving attributes as well as standard upgrades of traits and powers. The story is appropriately huge along with the map. This should take you quite a while to knock down!"
,Recommended,208400,9948944,"Posted: 27 April, 2014",all,Riko,"I first played a Spiderwb game around 1997. Every couple of years I am drawn back. The newish version of the Escape of the Pit has been a blast to play. Deep, engaging story line and easy to pick up for every level of gamer."
,Recommended,208400,9904667,"Posted: 22 April, 2014",all,Edomaden,"I was pleasantly surprised by this title.  I bought it during the Christmas Sale on Steam along with everything else Spiderweb had out and decided to start with this title because it had achievements.  I was hooked on the first day.  Three hundred hours later I now have all the characters maxed out, all the endings and achievements and still a craving to play more from Spiderweb.Avernum began as Exile back in 1995.  The series has six core titles, making two trilogies in the underworld setting.  The game was then re-released as Avernum in 2000. In 2011, the game was then redesigned for tablets with the Avadon engine and giving a rewritten script. Escape from the Pit is this title and it was announced that the other two games of the first trilogy would be receiving a rewrite and re-release as well to build a more concise and cohesive story for the trilogy.An evil and despotic emperor rules the entire world above, throwing all dissidents into the pit.  He's rather ruthless about it too.  I was waiting to find the guy who was thrown down in the pit for farting in front of the emperor.  Avernum is a land underground with miles of caverns where humans create societies and come at odds with the other inhabitants of the dark land. It's really impressive to see the depth of character development and the interweaving plots that are made for this game. Kudos to Spiderweb for this.Avernum isn't for everybody though.  The graphics are outdated, the music is bland, and the story really takes forever to get going.Regardless, I shut the music off and I was fine. I still love this style of graphics personally, and once you do get to the endgame you really feel for the protagonists, cheering for them and really getting into the dialogue.  Grah-Hoth gave me goosebumps and made me feel real dread. Escaping made me feel relieved, and defeating the emperor was exhilarating.Besides this, I really don't have much else to say about the game.  Spiderweb Software is a company of three guys making games.  I respect them for this and back in college it was a once a dream of mine and two of my friends to do just this.  For them its a way to tell a story and feed their families at the same time.  I recommend anyone who enjoys this style of RPG to give Spiderweb Games a try.  They're a great deal on Steam."
,Recommended,208400,8611649,"Posted: 7 January, 2014",all,Nazgul,I played all the old Spiderweb games when they were shareware games on MacFormat CDs. I jumped at the chance to get this. Great old school gameplay and involving adventuring. Really worth the few quid if you're into old school indie games.
76561198013529675,Recommended,208400,9816680,"Posted: 14 April, 2014",all,toomanyhealthpotions,"If you are an rpg-fan and graphics are not very important to you and you don't mind reading (well written) text in a game, this might be worth a look. I had many hours fun now, and I am far from the conclusion I think."
,Recommended,208400,10343987,"Posted: 4 June, 2014",all,TheScrumpy [NMT],"While I cannot say I have gotten very far into the game, it is a very enjoyable RPG that plays beautifully. It was not hard to pick up and learn at ALL, and the gameplay and storyline is very interesting and fun. Pick it up even if it's not on super-sale."
,Recommended,208400,1727043,"Posted: 5 August, 2012",all,Grognard_87,"A very fun and basic RPG of sorts with many interesting ideas.Okey, here's the set up. The world is being oppressed by the empire and people who commit crimes get thrown into a one-way portal that leads into a underworld deep beneither the ground. You start with a group of 4 people (of different classes and looks you can change)  who were all thrown down here in this hellhole, but you soon learn that this prison thrives with cities and villages, however there are of course many monsters that make like down in Avernum difficult.You have Goblins, Niphilim (cat people), Ogres, Dragons, Giant Vermin, humans and many, many more threats making life in Avernum hell. I highly recommend this game for anyone who is a fan of RPGs. It's pretty open with you being allowed to hunt down and kill whatever you like in case you want to kill monsters and steal their loot or kill the townsfolk and steal their loot, though you won't get any quests from them."
,Recommended,208400,237562,"Posted: 14 April, 2012",all,Harruten,"Avernum comes back from the grave as a remake to a remake by using Avadon's engine, and adding some new content that wasn't in the previous old remake.You have a group of four people, sentenced to Avernum for crimes against the crown, perhaps they stole something or they may have looked at the emperor funny or they just didn't fit in, despite this, they're chucked into a portal, never to return.In comparison to the older Avernum, they've made changes, lots of them, skills are distributed via talents, and custom characters get fewer stat points, but you level up faster and there's even a tutorial, how nice of them! It's still quite lengthy, though, but less confusing.Combat plays out like a tactical RPG, move your characters, cast spells and such. It's worth a look, there's a demo on their site if you're unsure.One last thing: Giant, Friendly, Intelligent, Talking Spiders. That's all."
76561198183956818,Recommended,208400,27853928,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Ironicus,"A remake of the series that really got me into playing RPGs (Exile), just as fun as the original and a great deal for the money.The thing that makes the game incredible is not fancy graphics or non-stop action but the story and the world, huge and surprisingly rich for an indie game. Throughout the series you will meet and talk to hundreds of characters, see the world change and develop and take part in the epic struggles that shape it all.I promise you'll become hooked and come to love the world of Avernum, just like I did many years ago."
76561197971261634,Recommended,208400,27759980,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Hallikin,A great RPG with a unique setting.
76561198079557727,Recommended,208400,28117326,"Posted: 1 December, 2016",all,Bruckfast 2: the ReBruckning,A fantastic game with rich story and depth.
,Recommended,208400,27716244,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Infinity,One of my favourite classics... And it's been improved. I can't wait for the entire series to be worked over.
76561198273254344,Recommended,208400,28617198,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,night4,"Graphics aside, of course, this is pretty amazing, especially for the price."
,Not Recommended,208400,29573920,Posted: 29 January,all,Baron Robie,"The concept is solid and the old school feel is right.  If you get this at a discount and want to try it for a few dollars, sure.  But as a game that isn't just fan made and shared amongst friends, but is sold commercially, with all due respect: (1) the game mechanics are too simplistic for its release date; (2) the plot and quests lack depth and there are glaring issues that detract from a player's ability to immerse himself in the game; (3) the interface is incredibly clumsy, and there is a lot of trial and error necessary to understand how certain items operate, which in the heat of battle is not great; (4) the writing is not as good as people say it is-it's not bad for English as a second language, but it doesn't stack up against its peers; and (5) the dialogue trees are terribly frustrating: you will find yourself having the same circular conversation for ages before you can actually hand in your quests or trigger new ones, and sometimes it's just a matter of mashing the text options at random until you can finally finish the dialogue and advance the plot."
,Recommended,208400,25451292,"Posted: 10 September, 2016",all,Maestro Gradius,"Highly enjoyable open-world rpg. Graphics meh, but story, speedy combat, speedy movement and large number of quests are fun. Explore every inch less you miss something. Don't forget to add a magic-user and priest to your party - you won't regret it. Try dual-wielding too. Careful with too much armor and shielding as that affects your to-hit chance. Now go out there and defend Avernum from the Empire and all the monsters sharing space with your people underground. Did I forget to mention the demons? Yeah, there are demons and demon lords in this too. Good luck. One last piece of advice, whenever you level up, always spend a point on your weapon of choice, and your spellcasting ability as this unlocks special attacks for the former and higher level spells for the latter. Okay, now go out there and save Avernum!"
76561198027178139,Not Recommended,208400,28615396,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,Racocac,"I have not played Exile, or whatever the name is of the game that this is apparently a remake of. I am reviewing this game in isolation. That being said, the impression I get is that people seem to consider this game a ""diamond in the rough"", a game with poor publicity but surprisingly good gameplay given how unknown it is. As for me... well, all I can say is that I understand why this game is as obscure as it is.Let's start with the atmosphere... the immersion, the feeling, the factor that makes any good RPG its salt. Avernum uses a very similar plot premise to a game I love, Gothic (a game that came out later than Exile, apparently - so Avernum did technically beat Gothic to the punch). An oppressive monarchy throws its criminals - as well as political opponents and anyone it just doesn't want around - into a sealed prison colony where they have to fend for themselves and struggle against each other as well as the wilderness down below. The difference is - where Gothic pulled this off flawlessly (and seriously - if you like Avernum's premise, and haven't played the Gothic games yet, try those out first), Avernum just fails to impress. It becomes obvious immediately as soon as you descend that the prison colony is actually an IMPROVEMENT over the Empire - prosperous, free, and the Empire's rule does not actually have any influence down there. That is a big no-no. It makes it hard to get into the shoes of your characters, who seem to be motivated by revenge or a desire to escape (depending on what conversation options you take as them), because one can't help but think... ""okay, what's the conflict here? What's the big deal? Why don't I just settle down, become a mushroom farmer and have a happy life now that the Empire does not rule me?""Because that's a very valid question. Unlike in Gothic (where the prisoners are dependent upon the surface for luxury goods, weapons and other advanced items, and have to excavate ore in return), Avernum (the prison colony and the game's namesake) is utterly self-sufficient and does not have to give anything back to the Empire. Unlike in Gothic (where there are several camps all ruled by tyrants, the insane and other questionable figures, and there is danger both inside the camps and on the roads, where bandits lie in wait), most of the Avernum world is ruled by a rather unified monarchy with a just king at its helm and with the rule of law largely upheld. (Or so it still seems anyway, well into the midgame. If there is any shocking twist by the end, I know as little of it as you do. Wouldn't matter either way as far as the enjoyment of the story is concerned.) Avernum actually has its sub-prison colony, the Abyss, where the criminals of Avernum are thrown. Not exactly a very inspiring world, is it? Far from the gritty world of Gothic's penal colony, here you stroll almost freely between established towns, the only  enemies being the occasional cat people (sorry - they aren't bikini-clad babes, don't reflex-click the Buy button), snake people (same deal), and generic RPG monsters. Oh, and where Gothic had exciting, living, breathing characters, Avernum's characters are so incredibly dull and lacking any fantasy, it is almost an insult to the genre of Role-Playing Game.Seriously - I haven't completed the game, but I have played through a good chunk of it, I think. There is not a single interesting character that I met. Not even the King, nor any of his Mayors - all of them interact with your character in the same way. ""Hello adventurer! Glad/not glad to see you. I love/hate mercenaries. We are fighting the cat/snake people here. I have a quest for you that involves either killing a lot of cat/snake people or retrieving a trinket guarded by cat/snake people. Or occasionally something else like a jelly or a drake, woo hoo!"" Far from being an adventure, the gameplay feels like you are King Micah's head marshal, taking care of his endlessly boring errands throughout the realm, one after the other, never given a break or even an amusing distraction. (And let me just say: this doesn't just apply to the sidequests! Even the main quests themselves are just more of the same.)Oh, of course, the game mechanics aren't stellar either. The combat system and the skill tree are nothing extraordinary, but at least they are serviceable... except for the horrible pathfinding system. There is no way to see whether your mage/archer is able to strike at the enemy from any given point. You have to click and hope for the best, then one of two things will happen: 1. your character attacks the target (woo hoo!) or 2. your character starts running around like a headless chicken, doing all kinds of crazy stuff, taking non-obvious paths, even attempting (and failing) to run all the way around the map to get at an enemy standing down a corridor(...why???). Nor are the line-of-sight mechanics intuitive - often you can attack when you shouldn't be able to, even more often you can't attack when you should be able to.The interface isn't exactly great either. Aside from simply being old and dated, it isn't that informative either - there are a lot of weird things that can happen: for example, there is a mechanic that your mages cannot cast spells if they are too ""encumbered"", but either the game just doesn't mention this or it is way too easy to miss, same difference: being ""encumbered"" means not that your gear is too heavy, but that your to-hit chance is too low (...I know right, WTF?). This means, for example, that a +1 strength blade and no shield may leave your character unable to cast spells, but a heavier blade with no strength bonus (but a +5% to hit bonus) and a wooden shield (which doesn't have a to-hit malus) will let you do so. Beyond that, there are - of course - bugs. The game isn't riddled with them, but there are some - some traits don't work at all, for example.While the big Spiderweb Software bundle may well be worth the price on sale (I don't know, haven't really tried much else from it yet), I can safely say I do not recommend Avernum: Escape from the Pit. If you get the bundle, try something else from it. Give this one a miss. It really isn't worth the hype. I'm sorry I couldn't finish it, but it was simply too much of a brutally boring slog - nonetheless, I hope that even my incomplete experience is enough to cast a convincing judgment... Avernum fails in the worst way an RPG can fail - it prioritizes quantity over quality and does not deliver much of the latter, it showcases how an RPG can go utterly wrong even before you take gameplay mechanics into account."
,Not Recommended,208400,19512372,"Posted: 5 December, 2015",all,Free2Pray,"A good RPG however the UI is very unintuitive and hard to use, moving your party around is clunky, combat is annoying due to no previewing of how your hero will path to your cursor. Graphics could have been improved too.Usually I like turn based games but due to the clunkyness of interaction it felt like a chore... Why does 'i' (or 'g') open the one characters inventory but pressing it again doesn't close it?!It had a lot of depth though, perhaps potentially I might have changed my mind. But from a F2P perspective it was not enjoyable in the time frame."
76561198097982480,Recommended,208400,17154090,"Posted: 21 July, 2015",all,[SGiP] Ång-Hästen,This is a great challenging rpg set in the underworld. the atmpsphere even reminds me of the game underworld! So if you like turn based combat with strategy elements. Buy this game!I will definitely check the other games in this series! good work Spiderweb!
76561198023454566,Recommended,208400,22790146,"Posted: 4 May, 2016",all,DrGoo,"I never played the original Avernum.  I enjoyed this one, though.  Pillars and Divinity are better of course, but this one will scratch that RPG itch when you're between those games."
76561198077733057,Recommended,208400,12595336,"Posted: 21 October, 2014",all,lca_wtn,A wonderful RPG experience! Just buy it and play it...you won't be disappointed.
76561198118733117,Recommended,208400,12135484,"Posted: 17 September, 2014",all,The Asciiman,"Wow. Amazing. Simply stunning.If you are at all like me in that you missed the eariler incarnations of this game series or for that matter, anything from Spiderweb Software, you are truly missing something well worth your time if you enjoy turn based RPG's. As everyone says, lots to read, lots to do and ♥♥♥♥♥♥ graphics.The story is compelling, the environment is structured to be accessible, espcially after the first hour. And you'll want to push on to see more and more of the world. The visuals are poor(terribly poor infact), and you'll like wish for at least reasonable animations that do not exist.Bottomline, well worth your time and money. I bought this on sale for about 3 dollars, it was easily worth ten times that. When the sequel comes out, I will be picking it up and striding through that one too!"
,Recommended,208400,18668421,"Posted: 24 October, 2015",all,dzx,Fun game. Turn based RPG.Very much like D&D but with more.
,Recommended,208400,21322930,"Posted: 19 February, 2016",all,qwertyphant,"I remember playing this back in the day when the demo version was available on the cover CDs of various PC magazines, so it's great that I found it on Steam and am able to relive the days in the deep dark caves of Avernum."
76561198030899809,Recommended,208400,19967837,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,Gros Shadok,"Really good old school heroic-fantasy RPG which really captivated me during 50 hours (I play offline so the few minutes indicated are not the real amount of time played).Since it is currently sold around 10$, it's definitively a bargain for people who love that kind of game."
,Recommended,208400,20924350,"Posted: 2 February, 2016",all,AlabamaAngyl,"Ah, Spiderweb Software. My first recollection of this fine company comes from the early ninties shareware disk compilations you'd buy for $10, chock full of shareware/freeware to enjoy. And there was Exile, in all it's wonderous glory, what would eventually be remade as the Avernum series. They haven't lost their creativity and knack for story-telling in all these years, and I'm glad to see them come to Steam at last. I do miss those books you could find on bookshelves and read in Exile. One of them was rather raunchy, and involved a buxom maiden running from a deranged, sex-crazed mutant squirrel. Needless to say they've become more family friendly since those early shareware days, but the game is still as great as ever. A+"
,Recommended,208400,13292200,"Posted: 9 December, 2014",all,Whisperling,Great sandbox SRPG.
76561198014921372,Recommended,208400,11668545,"Posted: 11 August, 2014",all,tolkafox,Old school RPG redone and still as awesome as ever. Deep plotline is the main driving point of the game while the character creator allows you to create your own character and mold him as you see fit. +5 nostalgia points.
76561198048764875,Recommended,208400,17290095,"Posted: 29 July, 2015",all,Grey-Coven,"Enjoyable game, a throwback to when RPGs were close to their tabletop counter part. It wins on the content and experience of the game and not the graphics, which might require an adjustment period. I acheived all the endings which brings me to my only complaint, it was a bit too long. Lots of side quests if your aiming to do them all, which you will if you want the most difficult ending."
76561198087482136,Recommended,208400,17476956,"Posted: 10 August, 2015",all,orangefiction,"Somehow I logged in about 70 something hours in about 2 weeks.  Rarely has a game caused me to go into no life mode just to complete it.  Its a huge game, so many towns to explore, characters to meet and tons of discriptive text.  Like a good book the game lore is so detailed it really pulls you in and makes you believe that this can be a real world out there.  REcommended because its good, but not recommended because it really messes up your sleep schedule if you are in a hurry to finish it."
76561198033105982,Recommended,208400,17460786,"Posted: 9 August, 2015",all,matthew_kodadek1,"I'll try to avoid any circumlocution and get right down to brass tacks: this game is awesome but that said I find it awesome because I remember Ultima, Darksun, Wasteland, trying to master Eye of the Beholder and Curse of the Azure Bonds as an eight year old...but I digress...it's an old school RPG, there are no amazing effects, animations, it's exploration and party driven, and I'd love to see more games like this being made today (really...I am begging for someone to make a game akin to U7 with an open and interactive world or hell...a game where I roll my 4-6 person party and build them from the ground up) I won't gush further. If you're old school like me and cut your teeth playing games that still required imagination and some brain power then this is your jam.Is this game perfect? Not entirely. From what I can gather Spiderweb Studios has been at this a long time and it seems like they could freshen up the engine, smooth things out, add some more animations, etc…"
,Recommended,208400,17623662,"Posted: 19 August, 2015",all,Dr. Mr. 🇻🇮🇩🇪🇴 🇬🇦🇲🇪🇸,"A wonderful, old-school cRPG with fantastic writng, challenging gameplay (though you can toggle the difficulty at any time), a massive open world filled with secrets and monsters, and enough content to keep you busy for several dozen hours.I was surprised by how engrossing I found the world of Avernum to be despite its lack of pretty graphics, dated mechanics, and its fairly cumbersome UI - due in no small part to the large novel-worth of fantastic writing from Jeff Vogel, who manages to create NPCs who run the gamut from hilarious and bawdy to poetic and tragic.  The inhabitants of Avernum (and boy, there are a lot of them) are a strange and varied lot which help breathe life into the otherwise bare-bones aesthetic of the game.  Not to mention all the various bits of lore and worldbuilding detail that make Avernum feel both unique and immediately familiar to any avid RPG player.The combat is pretty basic turn-based strategy.  Buffs, proper equipment, a clever distribution of potions/scrolls/wands, and tactical unit placement are all essential to victory.  The character/party building system is not particularly deep and the number and variety of spells are a little underwhelming, but there's still plenty of room for experiementation.My only real complaint about the, game besides the sometimes frustrating UI, is the disaapointingly small variety of weapons and armor.  The only melee weapons available are swords (short, long, broad), daggers, and spears/halberds - it's never mentioned why for some reason Avernum blacksmiths are unable to make maces, flails, warhammers, axes, or any of the other medieval weaponry common to the genre - a similar issue with armor, there's only leather, iron, and steel.  I assume it has to do with the original game's limitations, or possible deadline issues (Jeff seems to always be working on something), as adding new weapon classes would mean adding new skill trees which would require a lot more balancing and playtesting.  It's understandable, if not a little disappointing, but maybe I'm asking too much of a remake of a remake of a 20 year old game.  That said, the game is completely littered with various pieces of enchanted equipment which at the very least helps alleviate some of that disappointment.All-in-all, I whole-heartedly reccomend this to any fans of classic cRPGs like Ultima/Fallout/Baldur's Gate, as well as fans of tactical JRPGs a la FF:Tactics.  It's  real good stuff."
76561198146564222,Recommended,208400,17872861,"Posted: 3 September, 2015",all,Phatsammy,"Old school heaven right here. I watched my uncle play this when it was just exile. The story is still amazing, graphics are a great overhaul."
76561198115440866,Recommended,208400,16089845,"Posted: 30 May, 2015",all,☼crapbag☼336,its like follow the leader but better
76561198119459556,Recommended,208400,16120118,"Posted: 1 June, 2015",all,Lepid,"I got this game three and a half days ago. That's approximately 84 hours, day and night. As of right now I have 45 hours on record. That means, since I got this game, I have spent about 54% of my time playing it. And I still have finals to study for.10/10 I can quit any time I want."
76561198031405065,Recommended,208400,33587454,Posted: 16 July,all,hinotoro,Very good series of games if you enjoy a deep story with alot of background.
,Recommended,208400,33589747,Posted: 16 July,all,ohiochainsaw34,"Graphics may seem dated, but it you are a D&D fan, the game will appeal to you.Quests are good, and storyline is interesting. Lots of goodies. Simple game mechanics.8/10."
,Recommended,208400,33754038,Posted: 23 July,all,Worldshaper Kayto,"Simple, but wonderful D&D-like with a deep plot and excellent mechanics."
,Recommended,208400,34095794,Posted: 7 August,all,aradapilot,"This world is always worth revisiting.  Same epic story, nice engine improvements to suit the modern day."
76561197976784669,Recommended,208400,730101,"Posted: 12 April, 2012",all,Vercalos,"What can I say, I love Spiderweb Software.If you love, old school, text heavy games, this is the game for you."
,Recommended,208400,1815882,"Posted: 14 December, 2012",all,Pizza,Fantastic old rpg with great writing and story telling.
76561198046450971,Recommended,208400,5211059,"Posted: 14 November, 2012",all,rapagehoez,Super cool throwback.  Does what it does quite well.  You'll dig this if you played basically any pc rpg in 1995.
,Recommended,208400,126210,"Posted: 12 July, 2012",all,FriendGaru,Classic 90's style RPG. Quite fun!
,Recommended,208400,3587764,"Posted: 13 July, 2012",all,QuickRime,Avernum is easily one of the greatest RPG worlds ever made.
,Recommended,208400,493898,"Posted: 6 June, 2012",all,Chandler,THIS GAMEIS GOOD
,Recommended,208400,316404,"Posted: 1 July, 2013",all,Stargazer,Great old-school RPG! Highly recommended!
,Recommended,208400,2428736,"Posted: 12 April, 2012",all,Tregelen,Love it. Can't wait for episodes 2-6 (Mostly 3)
76561198019579984,Recommended,208400,3252842,"Posted: 16 July, 2012",all,AppleFace,"This game lies within my top 10 games. If you are looking for a good ol rpg with a non-linear design, then this is for you. Awesome Cakes"
,Recommended,208400,4866174,"Posted: 28 July, 2012",all,AngieW,Very fun dungeon crawler that will kill your free time.
,Recommended,208400,570958,"Posted: 14 July, 2012",all,Chef Excellence,Some very cool old school RPG Goodness.
,Recommended,208400,1069504,"Posted: 23 April, 2012",all,Bucketsmith,"Nice oldschool RPG/adventure. The writing seems to be well done, so far. Worth a try for it's price!"
,Recommended,208400,242081,"Posted: 26 June, 2013",all,Odin-sama,"A classic-styled RPG with a few unobtrusive modern implementations. If you like immersing yourself in a slow-paced story and light strategy, this is the game for you. Try the demo first.As a warning, if you've played the past Avernum game or Exile, the narrative is more or less the same."
76561198014988731,Recommended,208400,23760687,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,Rhogog,"I reallly didn't know what I was getting into when I bought this game, but it was cheap and looked interesting. After playing it for just a few hours I have to give it, and the devs, my support. This game is good, it encourages exploration, but also teaches you to be cautious and rewards not running head long into the enemy. So far, so good, with many expansions to keep me occupied."
,Recommended,208400,23791161,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,canat,"If you dont mind the graphics, this is an excellent rpg. The story, setting and dialogues are unique, complex and interesting. You have total freedom to explore a huge map and there are lots of things to discover.Gameplay and turn based combat are fun after you get used to them."
,Recommended,208400,8394167,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,fellow,"a really great game with a lot of personality. you're looking at 2D, pixelated content. you move your party around a map and enter zones to investigate. the quest journal and interface are very robust. the story is well constructed and paced correctly. so is the difficulty. it's got the development in the right places and it works. the developers have made a lot of low-fi hits in the same style. i recommend them all."
76561198042735435,Recommended,208400,8402830,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,khunag,Avernum: Escape from the Pit is a rather good game. It captures the feel of 90s RPGs and scratches the nostalgia itch that players who grew up in the days of Black Isle might have.
76561198013808107,Recommended,208400,8650798,"Posted: 10 January, 2014",all,evolution.400,"WARNING This review carry's spoilers which are not suitable for those who hate them!!!An old school RPG with a new heart, Avernum:Escape from the Pit is a remake of the first Avernum game. Character Customization, inventory management, dilog options and tradition D&D style are the corner stone of an RPG. However what makes this game shine above the others is it's in depth story. You're basically an outcast sent to Avernum, a massive underground prison where the empire sends all their unwanted. You have a choice of freedom, staying and saving Avernum, or killing the king.If you think this game is easy, it can be, and at times, it ups the anty. There is great reward for great risk, and small reward for little risk. Dragons are the best example of this, there are some I just would not mess with, (mostly because they were cool) but others were crude and rude. So you basically could chose if you wanted to rid the dark bowels of their evil stench, which I thought was a nice touch. Though I'm not sure if the choices you make in this game would carry over to the second, but for now, it's nice to have the option of killing what you want.Overall, with what it does great, I give this game a 8/10. There's always room for improvement, mostly graphically, but I won't hold it against them too much, since it improved the graphics from the last game greatly. A tutorial on spells may be needed since I didn't know that friendly AOE spells wouldn't harm your party members until mid way through the game, still, it's done well."
,Recommended,208400,9828695,"Posted: 15 April, 2014",all,I'm Not Sue,"Made by the same people who did Avadon: The Black Fortress, this game shares much of the same engine and game resources while being a much more enjoyable title.  The story is much less scripted; your party of four generics is exiled to an underground Australia for defying or upsetting the powers that be, and the setting actually focuses a lot on cave life and does it pretty well.  The semi-open world lets you explore and adventure and kills things for loot, levels, and story progress.  Unlike Avadon, the scripted 'find a way to escape' goal is present in the story itself rather than spoiled and given away at the start.  There's optional fetchquesting and more interesting sidequesting, and a fair share of nice unique loot too which is always a plus in my book.  There is enough optional combat and XP to make the game non-challenging at a certain point, which is not necessarily a bad thing.The downsides are still numerous though.  There's a lot of RPG min-maxing and information invisible to the player, such as one skill specifying a fatigue reduction bonus in number (5%) per skill point but another merely saying it 'improves fatigue reduction' without saying by how much.  Two-handed weapons do not do more damage for taking up an extra hand and there are so few unique polearms in the game as to make polearms basically worse than sword-and-board or dual-wielding.  Archery is a completely useless skill having literally one unqiue weaponto its name, and there is no reason to not give everyone a single point in priest magic and completely eschew the First Aid skill since 'fighter' skills do not use MP.  Pathfinding is pretty annoying at times because the game does not want to path through allies, path too far, through doors, or falsely tells you a space is blocked.  A lot of abilities are not worth using because they inflict debuffs which have an insignificant impact compared to raw DPS abilities.  The sound design is basically zero.  There is music at the title and credits only, and a lot of ambient noise is lackluster.  Combat sounds are generic and unimpressive.  Aside from at least one charming moment with talking spiders, none of the characters have interesting personalities which is kind of a let down.So all in all, I'd say the following: The game is passable in combat and character progression (as long as you are good at understanding RPGs) and does please for those interested in gathering cool stuff to equip.  The game has a more open story progression, even if unimpressively delivered by its character writing and sound.  The setting is very unique and interesting, and definately a strong point of the game.  At 70hrs long on normal difficulty (I probably idled some of those hours) it provides a good amount of content and I did enjoy myself throughout.  I would not reccomend it to someone looking for a core game or an RPG dabbler but otherwise I think its fine."
,Recommended,208400,9798809,"Posted: 12 April, 2014",all,Willaien,"Remake of a remake of an old school RPG.All in all, a decent throwback to older mechanics with a bit of polish and cross-platform support. Definitely get it from here instead of their website, unless you just want to pay more for the same thing (nothing wrong with that - if you want to support your devs more)."
,Recommended,208400,10327387,"Posted: 2 June, 2014",all,Azathoth,"Isometric RPG with a vast and rich world. There is an emphasis on exploration and story with a solid combat system to back it. It's quite a time investment of around 40+ hours but is worth the effort.Currently on weekly sale (6/2/2014) for $1.99 and is on sale quite often. Highly suggest playing an hour or two, if you love it you're in for a good time, if not, it's not much of an investment.Be aware, it's easy to forget what you're doing and lose track of goals with a quest log that won't always keep you up to date, but as long as you keep exploring the map and make sure to be thorough, you'll usually complete quest objectives without too much of a problem."
76561197999562678,Recommended,208400,10327089,"Posted: 2 June, 2014",all,MSG,"Overall, not a bad game.I had loved the original incarnation of this game (Exile) from many years ago.  This title is, I believe, the second rerelease of the original.  Some notable differences: Graphics have changed quite immensely, random encounters don't generate very frequently in this version - requiring me to exploit game mechanics to keep the game interesting. More importantly, player party size has been reduced to four members from six. Skill points are handled a bit more differently than the original game as well as player inventory and NPC conversation. Otherwise gameplay and content are much the same.The updated graphics I'm a bit critical of.  In my eyes, they're quite busy and they have made it less apparant what is significant. However, it may just be that I'm being reminiscent. The avatar image options are, however, quite limited.The reduction is spawning has been quite an annoyance to me. If you're more into roguelike games where encounters are limited by design, this may appeal to you more. In Avernum, enemies appear to have a chance of respawning upon entering a location. If you simply revisit after sometime playing, there will be almost nothing there. Instead, to get any even significant respawning, you must repeatedly enter and exit a location, else you need to move on. This is quite different from the original game in which respawn appeared to be triggered by timers (often very quickly).The reduction in PCs is also quite significant.  Given the number of non-combat roles expected of the party (lockpicking, alchemy, cave lore, mage lore, etc) the larger party size helped to balance this amongst characters.  With only four, this feels very limiting and you have to make some hard choices as to what your party will be capable of.Overall, I enjoyed the original Exile more than this remake.  However, despite this is still a fun and interesting game, especially if you enjoy older RPGs with more up front strategy elements and a big world to explore."
76561198098582347,Recommended,208400,17885573,"Posted: 4 September, 2015",all,foxinsox2,You will squint.  A lot.
,Recommended,208400,31500339,Posted: 1 May,all,nathan,"If you loved the feeling of exploring a new world in Fallout 1 and 2 and wish you could find more games like those, I highly recommend trying this one out.Cons:- It has much, much less variation in the graphics than in Fallout 1/2.- Smaller towns (with less dialogue in each town) than in Fallout 1/2.- The towns' characters have less personality than in Fallout 1/2.Pros:- There are many, many more towns and dungeons than in Fallout 1/2.Just different:- The writing doesn't have the humor of Fallout 2.- You control a party of people (4 in my case)."
,Not Recommended,208400,22303690,"Posted: 8 April, 2016",all,Crazyi,"I cannot recommend this simply because there are way better and affordable titles I would much rather play (Pillars of Etenity, Divinity: OS, Baldur's Gate 1 &2) For me personally the combat lacks variety and just doesn't do enough for me."
,Recommended,208400,20360408,"Posted: 6 January, 2016",all,[MAGA]Vortex,This is the RPG that I have been looking for a long time. Def. worth the price and time investment.
,Recommended,208400,2271791,"Posted: 13 July, 2012",all,Orgodemir,Avernum 1 remade on Avadon's engine
76561197999957065,Recommended,208400,11141496,"Posted: 8 July, 2014",all,Binary Stylus,This game is Awesome - I'm really enjoying it - it is really addictive.
76561197967581595,Recommended,208400,283533,"Posted: 14 July, 2012",all,ubiquityxx,Surprisingly fresh.
76561198014768180,Recommended,208400,9975350,"Posted: 29 April, 2014",all,Thenameless802,"If you love classic RPG's then Avernum is well worth checking out.  A great storyline and main quest push you forward into a world that is full danager but its own lore, and legends.  There are pleny of side quests here for the completionist as well as varous achevements and some fun game play."
76561197974490182,Recommended,208400,11700786,"Posted: 14 August, 2014",all,Machine elf,isgood
76561198091949345,Recommended,208400,28693234,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,LeoJFBR,"It is hard to review Avernum. How could I start it but saying that it is awful!The graphics are horrible (but you get used to it), the animations are a joke (but you start imaginating better stuff), the interactions are plane (but still something)...And yet, it is a true role playing game! And a good one (I swear!)!!I won't lie: its story is not the best and the dialogues are so so but somhow you can play the game for a long time and have fun.So give it a chance. You won't regret."
,Not Recommended,208400,14491405,"Posted: 15 February, 2015",all,CitizenX3639,"There is something to say about modern game design. Games are more accessible, fun and a lot easier to navigate. However, there are a lot of players and developers who cherish, if that’s the proper term, that old school look and feel. Avernum Escape from the Pit does not disappoint those fans. Its old school in every way from its look, broken mathematics, terrible inventory management, and world navigation. What is painful are these are all minor and fixable flaws that take away the strengths and add dozens upon dozens of unnecessary hours to the game and ultimately ruins your experience.Avernum Escape from the Pit is an isometric party RPG that from my understanding is a remake of an earlier Spiderweb title, Avernum 6. The story begins with you and 3 other characters that are tossed into the underground world of Avernum for crimes unknown against the empire. Your main objective is to escape, but other game ending objectives become available later in the game. The story, writing and quests design border on excellent and are easily the highlight for your long adventure.Avernum is built on a very recognizable RPG level up system with points which are distributed through common statistics, skill and traits trees. As I said earlier the mathematics in the game are broken in such a way a character editor is attached so you can basically max out a character from the start. I did not use the editor until the end where I just had had enough. My party consisted of a tank (sword/shield), tank (pole weapons), Mage (archer), and priest (Archer). I would be confident in any RPG that this party is common and can succeed, but after many failures near the end and reading forum posts, specific character builds, not recommended, are it seems required in order to successfully finish the game. That is unacceptable but makes sense why an editor is attched.Battles in Avernum are turn based in which the true pain is highlighted. At the onset you will be highly overwhelmed in such a way enemies will hit what feels like 100% of the time while your main characters, no matter how you have them built, will be lucky to hit at 45%. I must have uninstalled and reinstalled the game half a dozen times it is so infuriating. What’s weird is around level 12 you start to feel somewhat capable, but then it all comes crashing back down around level 21. The inconsistences grow as you continue to get deeper in the game. If you are in a dungeon you at least have a fighting chance but out in the open where you can get surrounded, luck, potions, and a healthy healer is your only salvation. As a side note I started the game on hard difficulty as I do with all games, but seeing those statistics and constant early failures I dropped down to normal. I would like to say it made a difference, but not much.I spent over 100 hours in Avernum and I can’t think of a game that has made me more frustrated. Its complete broken character builds, mathematics and reliance to remain ‘old-school’ doesn’t help build an audience but keeps them away. Until I hear Spiderweb, who just celebrated 20 years in the business, address some modern design into their games, I’ll look elsewhere to spend my RPG time.Positives*The world, story and writing are very good. It’s very reminiscent of Edgar Allen Poeish in the description of places and people.*Quest design is excellent.*Great couch/ Laptop game never used a mouse.Negatives*Reliance on keeping old school mentality dooms the ability to grow an audience*If you release a character editor chances are the mathematics from your character builds, to enemy AI is broken.*No fast travel. There is some minor fast travel but I still figure 20+ hours is running around from place to place. Especially when trying to figure out a quest. The absolute #1 thing that needs implemented.*Shops don’t replenish goods. One of the most, if not most important potions, is frenzy where it increases your AP for a number of rounds. Because of the size of the world and number of quests, if you use them during some minor battles, when you get to the dragon fights or bosses at the end good luck if you are out.*Inventory as it has no effect for weight, unless worn, should be shared and have a sort button.*The loot is very weak. Because this is a dungeon crawler in 2015(released last year) loot should be awesome and your character should mirror that aesthetic, not remain static.*Because of the graphical fidelity sometimes loot is hard to see on the screen. An added button to highlight interactive objects would fix this problem. It didn’t bother me, but I know others have complained of the static camera.*A hit chance of 95% cannot =70%*Why are there not hidden passages at the end of a dungeon to go straight to the exit or at least a short cut?*Speech options remain even if you have used them*One of your main Mage and Priest abilities is to conjure a minion. They are completing useless and are nothing more than a distraction to enemies."
,Not Recommended,208400,18022211,"Posted: 13 September, 2015",all,Austin: Fresh and Familiar,"This isn't a bad game by any means, but I found the actual interface you play with to be really frustrating. Picking up items is a chore and just moving around is a chore. Although I think it has an audience I didn't especially care for it and won't be picking up any other games by the same developer."
76561198122878553,Recommended,208400,30305254,Posted: 3 March,all,Karl Pilkington,A gem.
,Not Recommended,208400,15484623,"Posted: 21 April, 2015",all,Aegix,"Just not my cup of tea... I really like RPGs and have played hundreds of them over the years, including the classics.  But, I just couldn't get into it.  Granted, I honestly didn't play it long (~2 hours).  So, take this review with that grain of salt."
76561197993589983,Recommended,208400,26353764,"Posted: 1 November, 2016",all,Madash,"good old school rpg but i got bored after a while, may come back to it when i have finished my backlog of games."
76561198024925082,Not Recommended,208400,31395029,Posted: 27 April,all,Skraku,to high a threshold for me to get into
,Recommended,208400,25154833,"Posted: 25 August, 2016",all,James Little,Old Style isometric RPG.  Love it!
76561197977466428,Not Recommended,208400,14180002,"Posted: 26 January, 2015",all,markdienekes,"This is mainly in response to a lot of comments I've read in positive reviews about how good the writing is. I was really disappointed with it, and was hoping for much better writing, and though there isn't anything wrong with it, it really is very standard stuff, and not very original or entertaining.  The gameplay mechanics are fine,  as are the graphics, and I like the concept of being sent to an underground world, I was just really really disappointed by the writing. Perhaps it gets better, but for the seven hours I've played, it wasn't good."
,Recommended,208400,1925934,"Posted: 16 February, 2013",all,DrBrogbo,"Only for the hardcorest of the hardcore turn-based strategy lovers. I have played Suikoden I and II from start to finish, Tactics Ogre, Suikoden Tactics, and Final Fantasy Tactics 3 times, plus both GBA games and the PSP remake as well. Not to mention Civilizations I-V. I LOVE turn-based strategy, in all of its forms.Or so I thought.This game is a member of a disturbingly expansive group of titles I like to call Keep Away Games. Remember the old childhood game keep away, where the whole point was to keep a certain person from getting a certain item they really wanted? This is similar, in that the fun is always kept JUUUUUUST outside your grasp. Ok, that's not true. Sometimes it flies so far over your head that the Sun blinds you, and you lose track of it completely.-Just when you're enjoying exploring the overworld, your characters get stuck because you're trying to click on the square next to you, but the game thinks you're clicking on you. Teeth starting to grate, CHECK.-Just when you're enjoying combat, you click to move 2 squares away, and the idiotic AI decides you meant you want to take 4 turns walking completely around the level, taking the absolute most circuitous route possible to get to your destination, rather than move TWO FREAKING STEPS IN THE OTHER DIRECTION. Bonus points if this idiocy costs you a battle. Prepare for lots of bonus points. Swearing at computer in multiple languages, CHECK CHECK.-Just when you've gotten a few dozen rounds of combat down and are feeling good about things, you hit a battle so ridiculously tough (in the same exact area you've been cleaning up) that you have to quicksave and quickload 3 dozen times, hoping to get an outcome where your entire party isn't stunned at the same time for the 3rd turn in a row again. Clicking on ""Delete Local Content,"" oh 10 minutes ago called to give you your CHECK.I would like to meet the person whose idea of fun is fighting 3 enemies, each of which can stun your entire group at once and summon other monsters to help, which each take 4-5 turns of your team's entire concentrated effort to kill, so that I can tattoo across their forehead in Helvetica bold ""FAULTY GENETIC CODE. DO NOT SLEEP WITH.""Controls are hideous as well. You can control the whole game via keyboard, and absolutely 165% should, but even that isn't well fleshed out. Hitting I opens up the inventory, of course, but DON'T hit I again. You have to hit ESC to close the menu. Hitting I again may accidentally use the item in your inventory to which the I key got arbitrarily assigned to. Small things like that really don't make that big of a difference, but they certainly don't help a game that already left a sour taste in my mouth.Games like this actually make me angry, because they have the potential to be SO. AWESOME. Idiotic controls, horrifically moronic AI, COMPLETE lack of direction, and stupefying difficulty spikes aside, you may enjoy this......if you're trapped on a desert island, or don't have enough money to afford aaaaaaaaanything else."
,Recommended,208400,9721878,"Posted: 4 April, 2014",all,ActionPoohole,Great Game - But the town ambience is really getting on my nerves.. I can't focus on reading the story.
,Not Recommended,208400,12940197,"Posted: 14 November, 2014",all,JackHammerOfLawl,"The initial portion is interesting but after I reach the ""world map"" I'm paralyzed by the choices available.  It has a cool nostalgic feeling to it but that didn't hold my interest for very long."
,Not Recommended,208400,31173424,Posted: 16 April,all,wipiton,"Too generic for me, lacks special atmosphere.."
76561197998578178,Not Recommended,208400,10968099,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,Wronskian,"Amateurish, overly-descriptive writing reminiscent of Torment. Amateurish graphics, reminiscent of freeware games. And a barebones battle system, reminiscent of Baldur's Gate 1. The premise has spectacular potential, but it isn't well realized. If you're starving for something new in the vein of Baldur's Gate, it might be worth a look, but don't expect an experience to rival BG2.5/10, extra point for fair asking price (considering the size of the game)."
,Not Recommended,208400,2498072,"Posted: 14 April, 2012",all,Bernie Sanders the Echidna,"Just buy the original Avernum, I think. At least in that one there's ammo and closable doors."
76561198131379643,Not Recommended,208400,31255511,Posted: 20 April,all,frenchfrog,The game may be deep and well thought but this interface in 2010's is too much for me. I have enjoyed games like this but in the 80s and 90s.
76561197994761319,Not Recommended,208400,10824508,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,Dr. Killedbydeath87,i would really rather just be playing Exile again.
76561197972655851,Not Recommended,208400,26010472,"Posted: 13 October, 2016",all,Blue Mango,"As a gamer who has played countless RPG's and looks for the best of them I have to say... skip this one, if you like reading I guess it's a decent story but it's very, very tedious. I highly recommend 'Divinity original sin' instead and for roughly the same price tag."
76561198031440998,Not Recommended,208400,8779503,"Posted: 19 January, 2014",all,Reltec,"This isn't a review about the game, but the service I have received in trying to play the game.  It loads, plays for about 5-7 seconds and then the screen goes black.  I can still hear music, and a greyish box will come up when I move my mouse over what I believe is an options box, but I don't know for sure.  I have uninstalled and reinstalled the game several times and nothing.  After that, I wrote the developers, and they have sent nothing back to me in over a week.  Very frustraiting because the game looks great."
,Not Recommended,208400,17908359,"Posted: 6 September, 2015",all,Homer,"boring..such♥♥♥♥♥♥game has fans? anyone who post 【Not  Helpful】 on my reviews,whose mother will die this year.LOLit seems 14 people's mothers will die  what a  pity"
,Not Recommended,208400,11068937,"Posted: 4 July, 2014",all,David Moriarty,There are way better RPGs out there. Don't waste your money.
,Not Recommended,208400,9692156,"Posted: 31 March, 2014",all,Derpychameleon,after 10 minuetes of playtime i am happy i got this for $2 instead of 10 its just boring and the combat is repeditive
,Recommended,208400,744070,"Posted: 14 April, 2012",all,malkav11,"Yes, this is the second remake of the classic Spiderweb Software RPG that started the whole ball rolling, Exile: Escape from the Pit. So if you've played either previous version, there's new content but you may well find it overfamiliar. That said, people new to this particular franchise should absolutely jump in here. It has all the glorious unfettered exploration of that vast underground cavern and the hard-bitten criminals and political dissidents that fight to survive it that made the previous editions so good, but with significant graphical improvements, a more modern interface and design, certain conveniences, and of course achievements. Also, it's cheap."
,Recommended,208400,1075824,"Posted: 1 February, 2013",all,Timkins,"Avernum is an interesting game that is reminiscent of the RPGs from the 90s.  While the graphics aren't really there, the gameplay is pretty addicting and well worth the few bucks that I paid.There is a lot of traveling and exploration, with all sort of quests that require you to think a bit.  However, the puzzles are easy to figure out and offer great rewards.  The combat is pretty fun and simple.This isn't anything spectacularly revolutionary, but it was a cheap thrill for me and I enjoyed it till the end without feeling as I was expecting more from it.  It is what it is: A simple RPG without any extra flair or new feature. I can honestly say that I had gotten more than my hours worth, exploring the underground kingdom for all sorts of lost treasure and whatnot.Rating: 5/5"
,Recommended,208400,1716822,"Posted: 26 November, 2012",all,HunterZ,"A remake of a remake of Exile, an indie RPG from the 1990s that was developed first for the Mac. This is actually a decent 2D story-driven exploration RPG in the vein of Ultima. The story (or at least setting) is original, which makes it stand out enough that I played it a lot longer than Avadon (another recent Spiderweb RPG) before getting distracted by other games.My only complaint is that the author doesn't know to put a one millisecond sleep call in his main game loops, so be prepared for having one of your CPU cores pegged at 100% usage while playing (which is especially frustrating on laptops, where power usage and heat dissipation / fan noise are concerns). This is a ridiculous oversight for a 2D game that is not heavy on the system requirements."
,Recommended,208400,2222990,"Posted: 20 May, 2012",all,Ibitato,"good old school RPGfrom a 3man company called spiderweb, they got few great gamesThe story and writing is good. The world is really big and open.It's really a sense of freedom since you can move around all you want, stopped onlyby the level of the monsters and npcsIt's a turn based PRG, with all the elements you might spect on this type of games."
,Recommended,208400,7525347,"Posted: 30 October, 2013",all,(aethom)  ネコ im a cat,"There's a lot of fun to be had by all of Spiderweb Software's games if you're into an ""old-school"" vibe (♥♥♥♥, I hate using that term, but it best describes these). Turn based RPG combat, some decent writing, and quite a bit of content packed in to each.If you ever played Exile: Escape from the Pit, this is basically a reboot of that series."
,Recommended,208400,526343,"Posted: 13 April, 2012",all,Decept404,"I've been a fan of Spiderweb's RPGs since I played Exile and Exile 2 on my old Mac IIsi back in the 90s, and wow, they're still trucking. Simplistic and somehow naìve, yet endlessly deep and full of interesting stories, these games are perfect netbook companions, or just nice clicky RPG adventures for rainy days."
,Recommended,208400,1648949,"Posted: 21 April, 2012",all,Naqel,"An excellent RPG with tons of content and an immersive world.Don't let the graphics fool you, it's far better than it looks."
,Recommended,208400,270203,"Posted: 5 May, 2012",all,[SAP]CommanderA,"A great remake of the original series, but like all Spiderweb games, make sure to leave your sanity at the door.  The quests bug up so easily, making this amazing game hard to play to the end."
76561198032632427,Recommended,208400,11203398,"Posted: 12 July, 2014",all,Complete Slacker,"Lots of hours into this. Pretty mindless, decent story and not on rails. Plenty of ways to kill time and advance characters. The beginning character levels aren't easy (though not hard) to get through, but once you get your characters up a bunch of levels it gets pretty easy and you can enjoy the story."
76561198001072155,Recommended,208400,2022501,"Posted: 2 July, 2013",all,Adeon Hawkwood,"This is a remake of the original Avernum which was itself a remake of the Exile series so it's not exactly an original game. On the other hand the game itself is worthy of a remake. The story is a lot of fun, and the setting is fascinating. The game has a good mix of main quests and side quests and indeed you'll probably spend a lot of time wondering around doing side quests before you even find the main quests. On the subject of main quests there are actually three different main quest lines which can be completed independently of each other.In terms of mechanics this remake is staying reasonably true to the original. The stupid single map thing they had in Avernum 4-6 is gone and it's back to the traditional split between overland travel and town/dungoen maps. The skill system has been simplified somewhat but the addition of Battle Disiplines for fighters more than makes up for it."
76561198007306615,Recommended,208400,2435748,"Posted: 1 August, 2012",all,Galoopo Fruithag,"Like a prequel, kinda. Get it!"
76561198045309184,Recommended,208400,17973757,"Posted: 10 September, 2015",all,courtney.lee,"I have loved this game since I played a demo on a cd for Mac back in the 90's, and the re-release is fantastic.  The dialogue, the story, the amount of gameplay...  I can't wait for the third game to be released."
,Recommended,208400,18385460,"Posted: 8 October, 2015",all,Deus Ex Machina,"I don't know about this one. It's both retro and new and new (which is good), but you can sequence break your way into the abyss, great cave, and tonnes of other places without even getting a crown token.(Which can be bad for new players).You can get all the endings in one playthrough which is good, but your always broke, which is bad. Its a good game. People will treat you diffently based on how you act and what you do, Skill progression is slow, but balanced. People have more respect for you the acomplished you become, and where they're from. But if it's not your cup of tea to explore the world and get lost in every cave you come across... What are you still doing here?"
76561197967782814,Recommended,208400,291304,"Posted: 16 April, 2012",all,Tensard,"Simple story, massive game. A game of exploration, questing, and tactical combat! If you like old school RPGs, this one's a good one! The second and third games of this series will be coming soon, hopefully!"
76561198019180347,Recommended,208400,19586759,"Posted: 9 December, 2015",all,Machiav,"Nostalgy for past... wonderfull memories from Exile 3... it is not enough to carry the game. Fortunate for us the game carry it self and it's just great at it.There are some minor issues like where is food sickness (when You are out of it), or why the heck I can't close any doors, but overall I really recommend it.PS: Where is monster library? Why I can't see stats while in game, in exile 3 I could ;P"
,Recommended,208400,30653354,Posted: 21 March,all,Lord Deviant,"I learned of the Avernum series back when the original Avernum 1 was new. It quickly swept me away with its huge open world and freeform exploration. In addition, the world of Avernum is both unique and well-developed. This was all just from the demo as I was never able to get the full game until it was released years later on GOG. Escape From the Pit is a revamped remake of Avernum, and it takes the game to the next level. I'm looking forward to getting Crystal Souls!If you're looking for fancy graphics and intense special effects, this may not be for you. To me, the visuals are excellent as I love the isometric style. However the true excellence of the Avernum series, as with all of the games made by Spiderweb Software, is the depth of the story and the excitement of free exploration."
,Recommended,208400,20421202,"Posted: 9 January, 2016",all,Seeker,Very good game.But equiped itens don't seem to change de character figure :/ miss it in the game.
76561198184509949,Recommended,208400,19472236,"Posted: 3 December, 2015",all,lordbmpx,Glad I found this game. It is a mix of Baldurs Gate and GBA Eye of the Beholder/Pool of Radiance in terms of gameplay. Have only an hour into it so far but i really enjoy it and its a shame theres not alot of rpgs like this anymore. but yeah great game! :)
,Recommended,208400,2946050,"Posted: 15 April, 2012",all,rhap,"very cool old school rpg, perfect for ppl used to campaigns in underdark and undermountain"
,Recommended,208400,19643162,"Posted: 11 December, 2015",all,SmallKoreanSeal™,"This game has a really good storytelling the only BUT is that you have to learn everything there is no tutorial like wtf... and btw... use hotkeys in battle they are really useful and save u alot of time also the quickcasting. Well there is alot that can make your life easier if you find out how to use it.. so spam everything at the beginning. Also when you obtain something it feels like you deserve it, the gold is hard to find get every item that you can sell.. Great game great game (: over 80 hours of fun right now and im planning on finishing this series slowly"
76561198027009156,Recommended,208400,3754945,"Posted: 13 May, 2013",all,Yurothehotot,"Not a game for everyone but if like me you are super into oldschool CRPG's then you will tottaly love this game! Create 1-4 characters and exsplore the underground world of avernum, and there is a lot to exsplore :3."
,Recommended,208400,20012208,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,Mechanos -CD-,"Pros:-Easy to learn combat that still manages to heavily rely on tactical gameplay-Enough of a story line to keep you interested-Many many many hours of gameplay if you search out side content (I'm guessing I'm not even half way through the game yet at 41 hours)-Noticeable area difficulty - stray too far too soon and you're sure to get burned to a crisp-Skill customization - you can level whatever skills you like, as long as you've unlocked the prerequesite-Working control scheme that hasn't been brutalized in favor of controller support (as is the fad nowadays)Meh:-Character customization is pretty simplistic.  Choose from a handful of stock avatars.  Doesn't detract from the game, but doesn't stand out either.-Graphics - Same as the character customization, the graphics work, but feel rather dated.  At times, the art gives me the distinct feel of a late 90's PC RPG.Cons:-At times, it can be easy to get lost when looking for new locations, even with the help of a questline.  While this can sometimes lead to good things, like finding secret areas, more often than not it has caused me to wander into areas above my level, causing me to die or run away screaming.  This is subjective of course, as I may also have poor sense of direction lol.-When learning to play the game, you really need to pay attention to what strategies work in combat, or you'll find yourself in frustrating situations.  In the beginning, almost any strategy works, misleading you into thinking your current strategies are good enough.  In reality, I found myself being forced to reroll a new game a couple times just to try some different approaches to combat.  New starting skills to aid in my survivability and varying methods of damage output, to fight tough enemies like mages that like to disable half (or more) of your team in a single shot.(Honestly, I'm not sure if this is a Con or a Pro, as it really makes you think and adds to the strategy any RPG.  But it can be frustrating all the same, having to restart because your current builds can't counter something.  Casual gamers and those new to this type of game, may have trouble with this.)Summary:Awesome game.  Plays a lot like older and newer turn based RPGs, like Divinity:OS or perhaps Fallout Tactics:BoS.  Sure to be enjoyed by anyone that's a fan of turnbased isometric RPGs."
76561198041880188,Recommended,208400,20489230,"Posted: 12 January, 2016",all,MISTERFISTER,"Played the Exile games back in the 90s, Loved them then, and this plays as well as the original."
,Recommended,208400,4453681,"Posted: 18 April, 2012",all,Enteris,"Great RPG. Been a fan since 1994 :PMagic, Legendary swords, Lizardmen, Cat-people. What are you waiting for?"
76561198072161457,Not Recommended,208400,14287693,"Posted: 1 February, 2015",all,Flex Johnson III,"I played this game from start to finish. After a while I just kept playing because I wanted to see it done. I didn't enjoy it anymore, but I talked myself into finishing it anyway, to be able to give it a full review.First of all, it's VERY light for a RPG. Your characters have no personality whatsoever. And it doesn't matter at all what you say to the NPCs you meet - you can just talk to them again, which starts the conversation over from the beginning. Your only concern is how to level up.Second, it's waaaay to action oriented. Your characters are running at a feverish pace all through the game to get around the next corner or into the next fight. It does help those ""deliver a message""-quests though.Third, while I like the main quest, the game is littered with pure grinding quests, like ""get me some shovels"", ""get me some flour"", and in time you'll have 20+ missions lined up, turning you into a quest-solving machine, running in turbo across the map, zipping through dialogue that doesn't matter, without any chance of it affecting your characters in any way except making them stronger, mightinger, richer, whateverer.This game is for power players who want bigger, meaner characters with zero personality.Good sides of the game is aforementioned main quest, acceptable NPCs, and a couple of memorable moments. But with achievements like ""I got all the spells and maxed them out two times"", you know it's a grinder.With main characters that you don't care about, why care about anything? Just kill everything, like you're killing time playing this."
76561198010098984,Recommended,208400,18376534,"Posted: 7 October, 2015",all,Rheimus,"An amazing series of games, well worth any RPG fans time.There is no end to my love of Spiderweb Sofware games, great story woven into a challenging combat system and a true sense of being a cast out group of adventurers trying to make ends meet. I only wish that the 6 man party system was still available from the original Exile series.Lots of secrets and collectables to keep you going for hours and enough character diversity to have several playthroughs while trying out all sorts of different combinations of party members, there's even a built in character editor for when the going gets tough or if you want to have a godlike 1 man party.This rendition of the first game is a re-re-make of Exile: Escape From The Pit, updated to the geneforge engine I believe, providing more fluid animations, better sprites and a more stable environment for Windows users.(If you can stomach older games I highly recommend checking out the original Exile series available on Spiderwebs website. They do need some emulation to get working though.)"
76561198025952589,Recommended,208400,18757383,"Posted: 29 October, 2015",all,Blackfyre,Having played Exile in the 90's this faithful rendition takes you back to a brilliant RPG with a deep storyline and world which you can just sink into.
76561198018755959,Recommended,208400,18649283,"Posted: 23 October, 2015",all,Lhinneill,"This is the game I grew up on. Okay, not this exact one. I played the original Exile: Escape From the Pit. But still. Spiderweb Software is the reason I'm a gamer. Their games are so deep and rich, the story one you can get lost in. I may not have many hours on the Steam version, but I put many, many hours into beating this game as a kid. It's a game I'll keep coming back to and a developer I follow religiously."
,Recommended,208400,15028698,"Posted: 23 March, 2015",all,adalger,"I had Exile: Escape from the Pit as a shareware version however many years ago it was new. (It was close to 30; I'm not going to bother looking it up.) I was very poor then, and couldn't afford to pay to unlock it, so I just played the trial content repeatedly. The gameplay was that engaging that I didn't really need the storyline, but oh, how I wanted it.Now, here it is, the full story, with the incredible turn-based tactical battle system that I remember, and even better graphics than the original. (Dated, perhaps, but I like retro.) Avernum presents a world where your choices matter, and there are a lot of them to make. Character development is flexible, and you're presented with difficult trade-offs to meet competing priorities. The possibilities to make up your party of four are practically infinite, giving the game a lot of replay value as well.If you like games like Final Fantasy Tactics and Suikoden Tactics for the battle systems, this is definitely worth your attention."
,Recommended,208400,15130591,"Posted: 30 March, 2015",all,DaReputableJesus,"Keeping this one short: AVERNUM: ESCAPE FROM THE PIT is a great tactical RPG with an interesting setting,complex leveling system, exciting story, and fun and simple tactical RPG gameplay. Get this game if you want a fun classic RPG. I highly recommend this game for your IPad, if you don't have one get it on your PC."
,Recommended,208400,3502473,"Posted: 13 June, 2012",all,GoblinTown,"Old style, SSI type adventure."
,Recommended,208400,15094223,"Posted: 28 March, 2015",all,Diabeetus Cannon,"I discovered Avernum, Geneforge, etc a few years ago, playing the demos while I was in 9th grade or so. The games are simple, turn based combat, similar to the old Fallout games, to my knowledge (it's been a while.), The graphics are ok, they always have been, they look very similar to when the series started, very few changes, but it doesn't matter, because they look good. The gameplay is addictive. I recommend this game to old school gamers, who want a more laid back RPG experience, or need some nostalgia."
76561198062842214,Recommended,208400,15217363,"Posted: 5 April, 2015",all,TheHappyArsonist,"What can i say,Avernum Escape from the Pit is an Old School Rpg.-A lot to read a lot to click.-Graphics are OK.-Story is above average.All in all a solid Sparetime-devouer until someone gets bored.Dont expect a Baldursgate-kinda Game."
76561197985345570,Recommended,208400,15296057,"Posted: 10 April, 2015",all,arkangelgofgmono,"Wow what a game. This is the closest I've felt to D&D on the computer as far as storytelling and exploration. The world is huge but contained enough to navigate around. The graphics are pretty minimalist but with the exception of the skill tree seem to fit the story and the mechanics of the game. Fantastic balancing of the items. There wasn't really a ""best"" of anything but rather trade offs for most of the magical items. I've been looking for a good isometric squad based fantasy game since playing Wasteland 2 and this is the best I've found so far. Enormous amount of text and story with lots of side quests and nooks and crannies waiting to be discovered. On the down side the game lacked a lot of depth. Most characters are superficially shallow serving mostly for plot device with no real attachment to or from the player. The battle sequences can also become grinding if you don't build your party correctly. You're able to get through it but it will take you forever. I clocked my first play through at 86 hours. Probably won't play it again but I've added the other games to my wishlist as I've gotten an appetite for more."
,Recommended,208400,15471521,"Posted: 20 April, 2015",all,genetrader,"So I played this game a little bit and read some of the reviews recently.  It is a rogue-like D&D type game that certainly appealed to my old-school roots in Ultima and similar type RPG's.   While I will concur with many that the graphics are nothing spectacular, I have to take issue with a few complainers that this has no story.  The story in this game MAKES this game... If you want to play an immersive RPG that has an interesting and unique story this is your game.  Old-school RPG fan who cares more about game-play and combat strategy then about fancy graphics and real-time button mashing?  This is your game.  Spiderweb Software has produced a number of fantastic games over the years and what you can be assured of in each one is unique dialogue and and an interesting and clever (and sometimes funny) story."
,Recommended,208400,16028026,"Posted: 27 May, 2015",all,PaulP,The remake of the remake of the precursor of turn-based CRPGs.It's pretty ok!
,Recommended,208400,16009533,"Posted: 26 May, 2015",all,Tmark,"One of the best oldschool rpgs, made by only one person."
,Recommended,208400,15716905,"Posted: 6 May, 2015",all,ReysonTheNoble,A strategy game where the best tactic is to run in with half your team as dual wielding berserkers and the other half as mage/healer buff-♥♥♥♥♥.10/10
76561198082935611,Recommended,208400,15931634,"Posted: 21 May, 2015",all,zombogeekz,"I'm a fan of the Avernum series.I got really into Exile 2 and Exile 3 when I was younger. (Avernum 2 Crystal Souls and the as yet unreleased Avernum 3)I can't tell you how happy I was to see these game come back.This game is HUGE. Think Skyrim huge. It requires a tonne of reading, as none of the dialogue is spoken aloud.If you enjoy reading, spells, and lore then buy this game.9/10The keyboard shortcuts are different than the original so it took alot of relearning. There's also far fewer random encounters (if really any) so gaining experience is somewhat of a strategic challenge.There's no party editer like there was with the original Exile games which is nice. Less temptation, more challenge.Be careful however, when you kill someone in this game they are dead and that has lasting consequences."
76561198059102102,Recommended,208400,16624354,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,Bender Bending Rodriguez,"Great old school tactics style RPG, lot of fun to run around and remember the days of baldurs gate and icewind dale."
,Recommended,208400,16330443,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,Not Patrick Stewart,"Even though I've only played this for an hour or so so far, I can tell that this is a game I will like.""Quaint"" is the best word for this game. It's a 90's cRPG and it knows it, but it's also modern in its interface, which makes the game much more fun to play than it otherwise would be. It has quirks, but these are easy to get to grips with. I look forward to playing the hell out of this game."
76561198035489192,Recommended,208400,13775913,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,Masterbroki,Awesome game but doesn't sync with steamcloud
,Recommended,208400,13324970,"Posted: 11 December, 2014",all,Smoke,"This game definitely has the feel of an old school RPG, and the graphics, while being a fan of shiny new age graphics I feel that it would cheapen the nostalgia this title carries. It feels like you are sitting around a dnd game and watching the battles unfold and it does it quite well, and for the price it is a great pick for anyone that likes this genre."
76561198072296023,Recommended,208400,13869069,"Posted: 6 January, 2015",all,semioldguy,Incredible depth and a very well developed world.
,Recommended,208400,13816114,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,lyonheart,"I couldn't get into this game the first time around as Exile in 1994, nor the first remake many years ago as the original Avernum. I did play the first remakes of the sequels as Avernum 2 and 3 in the early 2000s and loved them. So, when Avernum: Escape From the Pit, the third remake of the original game came out, I was cautiously optimistic, played it for a bit, and then decided I had better things to do with my time.On hearing news of a renewed remake for Avernum II: Crystal Souls coming out later this month, I decied to give this another shot and have been pleasantly surprised. Unlike Avernum 2 or 3, this game doesn't have a large over-arching narrative to draw you in -- it's more of an exploratory game where you're (literally) thrown into a new world to explore and have to figure out how to make your way in it. It's a game driven by your own curiosity and determination to explore the rich new world, and figure out your place in it. It's also giving me a richer appreciation for what I know of the events of Avernums 2 and 3."
,Recommended,208400,13876195,"Posted: 7 January, 2015",all,unix_geek,"Classic adventure game, with interesting story lines and quests.  This game is a new incarnation based off their ""Exile"" series from the mid-1990s.  Turn-based, allows you to stop and pick back up at any time.  Explore, level up your party members and kick butt.Great game and a fun story, but they should ditch the ""3D"" overhead view and just go back to a 2D overhead. The ""3D"" overhead view makes it difficult to play via keyboard and drives you to use the mouse more, while not adding much to the game."
76561198040457997,Recommended,208400,14189038,"Posted: 27 January, 2015",all,Keemossi,"Awesome game!I loved the setting, the writing and the sense of adventure and exploration. The quests provide a general direction, but you're more or less free to wander around the place and find neat stuff. The world map is rather huge and has lots of points of interest, too.The character building sucks, though. You basically choose what weapon (or spellset) you want to use, then pump the relevant stat and skills. For melee the only option is to dual wield, as it does way more damage, and shields just don't help all that much. For range.. spells. Bows are also crap, compared to spells. The items are mostly uninteresting, too. On the bright side, there is a definite feel that your characters get more powerful as they level up, though.Towards the end I tried to avoid combat as much as possible, as it was seriously getting tedious. It felt like most of the buffs weren't worth casting, as they didn't really seem to help all that much. The debuffs got mostly resisted, so not much help there either. My frontline fighters spent most of their time stunned, rooted or ensnared, so I pretty much spammed aoe on my casters, which.. seems all too familiar from other games :P"
76561198003933858,Recommended,208400,14189179,"Posted: 27 January, 2015",all,Butter My Waffle,"I was pleasantly surprised by this. I like CRPGs (even if I tend to forego sound character builds and tactics) and thought I'd give this a try when everything else in my steam library had me bored. Don't let the dated graphics be what stops you from getting the this because the gameplay, depth, and writing easily make up for it.The world is vast and detailed, and you can tell the devs/writers put a lot of love and effort into the game. There are some quirks and minor annoyances (finding items on the ground & hotkeys not closing their respective windows), but no good game is perfect. I'm enjoying my time in Avernum, and am looking forward to completeing it and returning to the world in the second game."
76561198024951247,Recommended,208400,13607666,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,Radek,1
76561198006529776,Recommended,208400,13050054,"Posted: 22 November, 2014",all,ellchuc,"I  recommend this game for all lovers of retro roleplaying.It does not reach the level of the Ultima and SSI (Pool of Radiance, etc) gamesbut is good enough to keep you immersed for many hours."
,Recommended,208400,3450248,"Posted: 12 June, 2012",all,bruno_malta,"This game for me was a HUGE surprise. Altought the graphics are bad, the story and gameplay are top notch. It really plays like the Baldurs Gate, Icewind Dale series. It is a lot fo fun, ton of quest and many hours of gameplay."
,Recommended,208400,14814908,"Posted: 9 March, 2015",all,Nasty Pirate,What an amazing RPG this is! Very nice build! It reminded me of old school AD&D where you had to read the descriptions to the players and act accordingly.  9/10!
76561198057436554,Recommended,208400,6023804,"Posted: 11 September, 2012",all,Yoji,An amazing game that prooves gameplay is always better than graphics.
,Recommended,208400,14911758,"Posted: 15 March, 2015",all,KaBoom,Another solid delivery from spiderweb.
76561197961886955,Recommended,208400,14788008,"Posted: 7 March, 2015",all,Degenerate Weeb,nice game
,Recommended,208400,14172192,"Posted: 25 January, 2015",all,Världens Mästare,"Decent game for RPG fans, if you don't care about graphics.Pros:+ Crudely drawn but funny skill pictures reminds me of good old Vault-Boy from Fallout.+ Open character development+ Simple mechanicsCons:- Character creation is only superficial (you choose name and one of about 10 portraits)- No ambient music to add more immersion- Item pickup system requires you to spot stuff on the ground (you need to press button to see what items are on the ground), so you either know where they are or just spam it everywhere"
,Recommended,208400,2742710,"Posted: 24 July, 2013",all,Jusco,I love this game as I loved Exiles and Avernums before and this is a great remake. If you're into old school RPG you owe it to yourself to play this.
76561197994101560,Recommended,208400,1518841,"Posted: 24 April, 2012",all,RuinsFate,'tis good.
76561198106156230,Recommended,208400,13441416,"Posted: 18 December, 2014",all,caldwellcomputers,Avernum is sick! Old school and in depth. Indie for the win!
76561197965279936,Recommended,208400,12363940,"Posted: 4 October, 2014",all,Blueflame451,I've enjoyed Spiderweb Software games for many years now and this remake/update is plenty of fun. Lots and lots of play for a very reasonable price!
76561197990056345,Recommended,208400,12490339,"Posted: 14 October, 2014",all,caplucky94,"Great old school styled RPG, if you played Wizards Crown, the original Ultima's or the AD&D games you will love this.  Difficult even when your characers are bad♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ always something out there that will put you in your place right quick.  Huge game map and lots of side quests and dungeons to search. The rest of the devs games are bout the same but different stories, I even have one on my Kindle too.  Well worth the purchase for a hundred hours or so retro play time."
76561198055714975,Recommended,208400,12017988,"Posted: 7 September, 2014",all,PetydeNecro,"Escape from the Pit is the first part of the Avernum series. A true-to-the-bone oldschool RPG, it reminds me of the time I played Baldur's Gate back in 1998. The game's humble isometric visuals may scare off young players born into the 3D age, yet it shouldn't be missed because of the TONS of content it offers! The game world is huge and ripe to explore at the pace the player prefers. Locations are varied and bursting with detail, which is often offered in the form of cleverly written sections of text. NPCs are colorful and interesting as well - one of my favourites is Alice, the comely innkeep at Fort Duvno, who carefully pockets the gold pieces each time you ask her about interesting gossip, yet never hears a thing...:D Quests are fun to pursue and lead you to abandoned forts, halfway dug-out Nephil dungeons and bat-infested caves. The games controls are not too streamlined (in fact, kind of clanky sometimes), but nothing too serious. If you feel the urge to enjoy some retro role-playing, jump right into the Pit...you won't be disappointed!"
76561197989133200,Recommended,208400,11788716,"Posted: 19 August, 2014",all,Flashman,"One for fans of classic indie RPGs. Don't just look at the graphics and think it's cheap and ♥♥♥♥♥♥ - the developer Jeff Vogel has been building this world for years, creating a detailed fantasy setting and deep plot. You have a lot of freedom in character choice and progression, though this potentially lets you cripple your party by ignoring balance and picking all sorcerers. (Don't pick all sorcerers. That's hardmode.)My favourite part of this game is not being told how tough an enemy encounter is going to be. You might wipe the floor with those giant lizards using a single Call the Storm spell. Or you might get dazed, ensnared, and burned to a crisp by exploding slimes. The fun part is picking up from your most recent autosave, assessing where you went wrong, trying something different, and coming out on top with another strategy. (Tip: trigger fights and then retreat to a bottleneck, if possible. Don't underestimate upgraded spells, either.)The clumsiest part of the game is the interface, which harks back to more than a decade ago, and has some annoying quirks. Can't alt-tab on Mac? Pathfinding range is limited and automatically enters dungeons if they're in the way? Isometric layout makes it difficult to click enemies in the square above you? Some of this stuff seems so obvious that it makes me think Jeff's decided it would take too much time to chip off all the rough edges, but you have to admire his dedication to making games *for a living* which means *to a budget*.(Edit: it doesn't look like I have many hours in this game, but that's because I mostly play offline on my laptop while commuting. I estimate I've spent at least twenty on it at this point - and dozens more in Jeff's earlier ""Exile"" series during the mid 90s.)"
76561198082546306,Recommended,208400,11849934,"Posted: 24 August, 2014",all,Mysery,"To the person who has never played any games by Spiderware, this game is a well done, open world, turn-based rpg. Sure you might get lost, get murdered by gremlins, or burned to a crisp when you try to steal from a dragon, but the adventure is well worth the time you scramble around the caves of Avernum. The creativity you can put into developing your characters is also quite impressive and exhilarating as you make your company go from worthless nobodies into true heros and warriors.To the person who has played these games before, specifically Avernum 4-6: This is very different from those, and in my honest opinion, a great improvement. I have been playing these games since it was known as the Exile series, and I have got to say that this is the highest point they have climbed in the last decade. Not gonna lie, 4-6 were kinda lacking in the realm of creativity. You had a set path and you circled around Avernum while barely having enough skill and items to make it to the next boss, making it extremely stressful and frustrating. Leveling up was by far the worst because you could barely upgrade a single skill, if any. Now, in Avernum:Escape From the Pit, they return to the style of their first real success, Avernum 3, but with even greater creativity when it comes to leveling. The alternate endings/optional factions you can join is also a nice addition.So all in all, give this a try. It is worth it."
,Recommended,208400,11211741,"Posted: 12 July, 2014",all,Pilsner Of Coney Island,"For me the greatest CRPG is Planescape Torment because the story is the best I ever saw. Then Fallout and  BG 2.But this Avernum is not  very far behind because it's so huge. There are so many quests, so many dungeons to explore and so many details that will add and make you start to believe in this underwolrd of outcasts. And it definitly got me when I was on the footsteps of the First Expedition.As a pure PC player for long years I will add Evernum to my favorite list of CRPG to join the Hall of Fame with Eyes of the Beholder, Lands of Lore, Elder Scrolls, Fallout and BG series.It's a must play."
76561198006023304,Recommended,208400,2342107,"Posted: 13 July, 2012",all,DEY123,If you don't mind simple graphics this is a fun and very expansive game.  Especially if you can buy it for a few dollars.
76561198098819030,Recommended,208400,21397464,"Posted: 22 February, 2016",all,Tunesmith,"Soldi storytelling. Challenging but fair gameplay.I felt there were a few minor snags with quest log details and the general interface but these are forgivable, minor grievances with retro style games."
76561198161792344,Recommended,208400,21718638,"Posted: 8 March, 2016",all,thecodynash,"Solid dungeon crawling, but bring your own soundtrack."
76561198101513070,Recommended,208400,21890809,"Posted: 17 March, 2016",all,WERE_TIGER,"Amazing game. I am pretty addicted to old school computer rpgs. I must admit when I saw this remake of a remake i didnt have too high of hopes. Boy was i wrong, this game sucked me in from the very start and i cant wait to do another playthru to do some of the smaller quests and try and take my luck at other pary comps.Absolute must buy when the avernum set is on saleGraphics 7/10 lets just be real youre not buying this game for the graphics. They are very simple but get the job done.Story 9/10 You quickly realize that this game has huge depth. There are so many locations and areas way across the map that tie into each other.Battle System 9/10 The battle system is actually pretty simple but is very addicting and requires some decent strategy for harder battles. Only real complaint is that sometimes it is a pain in the♥♥♥♥♥to select a gride close to enemies if that enemy in question is larger and blocks that grid.Leveling and skill tree 8/10 The leveling and skills system is pretty basic but has just enough depth to allow some pretty decent character development. The system uses a 3 pronged system which isnt too bad. Provided me with some interesting character combos that i liked.Overall 9/10 With the combination of the outstanding setting and story with a good battle system and decent character custimization Avernum Escape From the Pit will provide you with many hours of excitement."
76561198058224966,Recommended,208400,21883884,"Posted: 17 March, 2016",all,Mixed,"Entertaining game. I don't know if i'd call it fun. Its frustrating, and extremely hard. Still playing it though."
76561198030390305,Recommended,208400,21946528,"Posted: 20 March, 2016",all,Zkyfall,"Fantastic worldbuilding and hilarious writing. The gameplay is addictive and, on the right difficulty setting, the build from nobody to kickass hero is very satisfying. The character customization is lacking but this is still a must-play for RPG fans."
,Recommended,208400,21012521,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,Isolde Relicstone,This game came recommended to me through a friend. I have to say I really have enjoyed it. The story line is interesting and the game play is fun.
,Recommended,208400,21002189,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,Dr. Bloo D. Ninja,It is like going on a DnD campaign by yourself.
76561198056333190,Recommended,208400,21608587,"Posted: 3 March, 2016",all,FUTD-Ravna,"Definitivelly a ""must have"" for all old scool RPG fans:Very well balanced with a good progressing curveThe lore is great and made me want to know all there is to know about AvernumThe battles ARE epic (you just need to put a epic music to go with it and to be able to use your imagination)Now just to warn about what this game don't have:No real player characteres development: no background, no personnality, no interraction between your four charactersNo stealth system (but better to have none than one useless or broken), this is not something missing really, I just wanted to have a backstabing silent assasin in my team when I started the game.No real replay value, there is very few alternative path, their is also probably only one good way to set up your team. (One play through took me 80hours so who care?)Sometime during fight, you will struggle to place your character where you want. And sometime the pathfinding will play againts you.Overall I highly recommand this game only for smart people... you are? right!"
76561198071608439,Recommended,208400,21237369,"Posted: 15 February, 2016",all,zpgoldman,"Great game, you wouldn't think it's as addictive as the graphics lead you to believe."
76561198065819152,Recommended,208400,21493367,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,ジェイ･シー,"A fine RPG styled like the games back in the DOS days. Not much handholding here, which takes some getting used to if you've grown accustomed to that. It has a sizeable world that's depressive, but still full of flavor. The game's not easy, it requires patience and cunning to get through its dungeons, castles and ruins. There are even hidden bosses that you might not want to trigger until you've grown a bit stronger. And there's often more than one way to approach a problem, or enter an area. In short, the game demands patience and tactical thinking, and offers a great experience in return."
,Recommended,208400,22163258,"Posted: 31 March, 2016",all,oh no,I downloaded this and skyrim on my new desktop computer at the same time. I no longer play skyrim.
76561198035341593,Recommended,208400,4304779,"Posted: 28 December, 2012",all,Tepes,Why are you reading this. Go buy it.http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rxdDIwVWrxI
,Recommended,208400,822391,"Posted: 14 July, 2012",all,Xero,great old school style game if you like old DOS RPGs of the past.
76561197988392568,Recommended,208400,30901554,Posted: 2 April,all,abmpicoli,"This is one of those games that I keep coming back. It has a very compelling (so far) story, a reasonably complex character building. And is wholly turn based, so you can keep out for 3 hours and forget to turn the game off, what probably justifies the big game hours that I have.I have never finished the game. Not that I ever finish a game: I've never finished Oblivion, Skyrim, Morrowind...The good:Clever rogue-like x tactical turn-based combat ;Interesting development choices for your characters: there are no ""classes"" in the normal sense. I currently have a party of a tank priest, tank mage, a spearman and a swordsman, both starting in the healing arts, now.Open game: Playing on the average difficulty, there are places where I still do not dare to go in the game. Oh, and it is an open-game: want to go all the way down to the pits of doom? Be my guest, and good luck : you will need a lot of it and lots of reloads, but it is possible...Compelling and well told story. You are thrown into a subterranean world by an evil emperor, and that happens to be the fate of every other human thrown there... If you wink the wrong may, say something you wouldn't, you will end up here. When you get there you find an struggling, evolving society, based on the growth of magical fungus and trees. ANd not without their power struggles: there are the catlike nephilim, also thrown here by hawthorne, and the native (?) slithzerikai, lizard men native to the place... And the avernites are at war with both. Not mentioning the abyss, where the most dangerous criminals are exiled from avernum itself... All this is told you by clever character dialogs (text based), where you feel the despair of the inhabitants, some of the depression, craziness...  And there is no way out (or is there)?The bad:The user interface is annoying: I had to manually edit many of the stock sprite screens to be able to identify objects that I can pick up (made the sprites have green stars when they are pickable). There are many objects that are not obvious containers (a bonfire, a dead body, a pile of skulls), yet they are... The map is isometric, and the walls are all opaque, making for situations where you simply can't find an object to interact with.The inventory screen doesn't show your armor and protection levels, making you bounce back and forth between the inventory and character sheet. Inventory . Esc. Character sheet . esc. inventory...The map is made of elevated isometric tiles: this can make the identification of where in the grid a foe is on the combat screen difficult some times... And you can't target properly area of effect spells... sometimes the characters get literally in the way of the actual square where you want to center a spell.Other times, this same visualization issues can make you target a square that is out of range , making you lose a turn by accident. Oh, and the keys for attack and shoot are the exact same: you switch them with the s key. Making you try a melee combat when you want to shoot, and vice-versa."
,Recommended,208400,2389676,"Posted: 27 June, 2012",all,Fodder,Still awesome no matter how many times Vogel sells it to me.
76561198015032166,Recommended,208400,2953407,"Posted: 14 July, 2012",all,hinokni,"Large, nonlinear RPG in the style of Baldur's Gate with turn-based, tactical combat. I can't recommend this enough for anyone who likes their RPGs slower paced, where preparing the battlefield and analyzing your options is more important than how fast you can click."
,Recommended,208400,29735054,Posted: 5 February,all,KareemKubed,"i give this game a 9 out of 10 for multiple reasons. i love it1) it has awesome grid-based turn-based combat with characters that have unique skills and character traits2) the game is well-paced, meaning it doesn't just throw you into a hole you can't get out of, but neither does it let you rofl stomp on all of the enemies3) the graphics are dated but that doesn't really matter4) the story is pretty cool and engaging5) the interactions with the NPCs are awesome6) it has steam cloud!just one word of advice -- i recommend doing all of the quests for each town before moving onto the next. unfortunately i'm actually currently stuck on my first playthrough because i'm at a point where the game is too difficult for me to play.i think i went through the quests too quickly and possibly didn't complete them all."
76561198049949381,Recommended,208400,31520838,Posted: 3 May,all,lancelot2001ca,"A really good adventure game. Lots of Hack'n'slash in it, but it is still fun.It might be linear, but it is simple and does the job of keeping you hooked.Good game for price, especially on sale!"
76561198036128773,Recommended,208400,4373023,"Posted: 12 July, 2012",all,Galneon,This is a 8==================D------------------_________
76561198046877319,Recommended,208400,31886187,Posted: 21 May,all,Donovan,"Simply addicted to this game now, it scratches that itch that makes you want to keep exploring to discover new locations, hunt for rare, valuable equipment, encounter new NPCs to give you more quests, etc. Visuals aren't groundbreaking but the story is well written and gameplay is strong. Turn based combat works well and goes fast.Only a few complaints: buying/seling can be a pain, and you have to restart the dialogue with an npc to sell things off multiple party members, there doesn't seem to be a way to organize or clean up inventory items, and text is super small. I can hardly read the names on the map!This game is an RPG in many ways except for the fact that, funnily enough, there's no role-playing. Your characters have no personality that you can shape by your choices and hardly any in the first place. Play instead for the exploration, questing, and challenging combat."
,Recommended,208400,168361,"Posted: 11 April, 2012",all,Loftydreamer,"Avernum is the redesign of the original Exile series by Spiderweb Software. It is an amazing game with rich story resulting in countless hours of gameplay. The system is built around old classics like Baldur's Gate, it offers a strategic element to play which varies widely by what you choose. The hard stats and skills have been redesigned from the original series to offer new stat trees to the gameplay allowing for character customization. Overall I recommend this game to any old school RPG fans."
,Recommended,208400,32142041,Posted: 2 June,all,mech619,"I great role playing game where you command a group of four characters in the enormous cave system known as Avernum.There are plenty of quests to complete in the game, from simple delivering a message to slaying a strong group of monsters in a small cave.  Most of the towns do have unique shops in them, like one may have someone who can train a combat skill whereas another sells boats needed to reach another area.The game does lack a bit in puzzles to solve to progress.  It plays a bit heavily toward hack'n slash as most battles in the game are normally kill the monsters to win.  Some battles may be more difficult to overcome and require more tact to succeed.  For example, your group can position yourself to fight in a doorway so you only fight one monster at a time, which is the best way to win because you are likely to get killed when the rest of the monsters pummel your weaker support characters.Although it is possible to search out different areas of the game from the start, it does play a bit more linear because going to those other areas can possible get your party killed as the monsters that roam different parts of the game tend to be more powerful than what your party can handle.  So usually when someone in town suggests you go some place to see if you can help them, it is best to just go that way.The game does suffer from some nuisances.  The biggest for me was the battles.  Sometimes it is difficult to cast an attack spell because when you attempt to focus on which grids it will affect, your party members or the enemy characters will interfere with your placement.  Sometimes I was unable to get the targeting grid to set in position to attack as many hostiles as I would like because it kept jumping to different spots, so I may cast a Lightning Spell only to hit three of the five enemy targets I wanted to hit.Another issue with the battles is the inability to know if your spell will target the enemy (or ally) or not.  If someone was to cast a group heal spell, there would be no way to know if one party member was out of range of the spell until it was cast.  If an enemy position him/herself against a cave wall in a certain way, it is difficult to spot if its grid is targeted to not.If there was a way to make characters transparant for targeting with spells and make the characters a spell will affect give a glow or maybe change color to indicate the spell is in their range, it would help alleviate these problems.These may seem like a big issue in the game but it really does not break the game at all.  Just small nuisance for a great game to check out.I thoroughly enjoyed exploring in the game, discovering a new underground cave system to uncover new weapons and armor, new towns, and hidden treasure in some random corner on the over (under) world map.I highly recommend this game to those who enjoy a more traditional role playing game with text to read to get a feel of the world.  If you need voice acting and animated clips in your role playing games, you will be not care for this gem."
,Recommended,208400,1462203,"Posted: 26 April, 2012",all,[m00] insane_eon,"Pretty good overall. It's a little like Skyrim - large world and generally short quest lines. It's also graphically archaic, with a lot of the flavour being supplied by text descriptions, and the interface is a bit clunky. There's no steam demo but there is a fairly extensive demo on the Spiderweb website."
,Recommended,208400,390829,"Posted: 18 August, 2012",all,Caketown,"Retro game that was quite a bit of fun, actually.  Not visually stimulating, but well-written for the most part, with some solid gameplay mechanics and some interesting and convenient ideas of its own.  Has a few annoying puzzle gimmicks that it will throw at you more than once, and puzzles are not exceptionally clever.  Still, the game was very good and very long for the cost.I'd say my only real complaint is the utter lack of a musical soundtrack.  I guess that was for ambiance?  It works alright, for the most part, but I think the game could have been much improved with a decent background soundtrack.Be warned, the game does not always provide you with a lot of direction, and is merciless if you happen to wander into an area that is too strong for you.  It will take a bit of trial and error to figure out exactly where you're strong enough to wander, at least at first.  The margin for error widens as your party gains strength toward the middle of the game, however."
,Recommended,208400,723282,"Posted: 11 April, 2012",all,Spacewolf,"Avernum was one of the staples of my childhood. While I admit that games like this are almost exclusively niche appeal, Avernum has a deep enthralling world that was the first of the RPG genre to really bring me in. There's lore everywhere, and in a game where the top down setting would get in the way of that, it actually shines here. The world feels real despite not being first or third person, couple that with cool battles, spells, enemies, skills, and of course, sweet loot, makes Avernum quite a good series.If you've never liked RPGs or games of this top down turn based genre before, however, this will not change your mind."
,Recommended,208400,3258617,"Posted: 20 April, 2012",all,Emrys,"I was soo happy when I saw this on sale. A great game that I thought I would never see on steam because it was just too good. Although you can't play as the nephilim or slithzerikai like in prevous versions of the game, which is a bit sad as those races were really fun to play and beats playing as a human any day. Still a good remake of a classic game though, highly recommend."
,Recommended,208400,61950,"Posted: 29 June, 2012",all,Seven,Best RPG that I have played in awhile.
,Recommended,208400,1961393,"Posted: 29 May, 2012",all,Andras,"Countless hours can be sunk into this game. Classic old school RPG epic, teeming with nooks and crannies to sink your teeth into.Between cheats, difficulty adjustment, balance, and a straight up character editor, there's no way this game will be ultimately too hard for you to beat. Lots of reading though. That could be good or bad depending on your view point. The writing is great."
76561197976192074,Recommended,208400,32229874,Posted: 6 June,all,VY,"awesome game, great atmosphere, huge open world and lots of sidequests available. I love the interface, it's super easy to use. I"
,Recommended,208400,32614642,Posted: 21 June,all,Nodroger,Good pacing and a sense of discovery make this game.  Would recommend.
76561198019525884,Recommended,208400,32152811,Posted: 3 June,all,-=TNT=-,"great game, although end game gets a little boring."
,Recommended,208400,33244113,Posted: 4 July,all,Zoe Kirk-Robinson,"I first played this game back in the Nineties, when it was still called Exile: Escape From the Pit. It's one of those traditional Western cRPGs that's very much in the style made so playable by games like Baldur's Gate. While it doesn't quite have the same amount of polish as that classic, it's still a fantastic game with a lot of depth to it (and a new setting, so you're just as unfamiliar with the locations as the characters). I love it, and I think if you're into Western RPGs you'll love it too."
,Recommended,208400,33560754,Posted: 15 July,all,jcottril,"A solid if not amazing game.  Spells and characterisation is a little simplistic as is the storyline,  but it's enough to keep you going for a while.. moving around the world map can be tedious and time consuming,  it's where i find myself saving and writing out for a while due to boredom..Definitely no Baldur's gate,  but for the price its worth spending a while in"
76561198015285756,Recommended,208400,33759140,Posted: 23 July,all,Shizzar,This a great crpg  with a streamline interface from previous versions.
76561198036218875,Recommended,208400,4381123,"Posted: 23 December, 2012",all,TrainFreak,I really liked this game - fun.
,Recommended,208400,34229417,Posted: 13 August,all,[CoY] Kwang,"An ancient milestone in RPG adventures, so monolithic it still stands tall today.When I was the tiniest of children, I was introduced to a series of party-based adventure stories - rich in character and consequence - called Exile. These games instilled in me a great appreciation for video games that try to create and simulate an actual world, alive with a beating populace for whom one could feel genuinely acquainted.Twenty years later, after decades of wondering where those games went and why there are so many series that use the word 'Exile', I discovered that Spiderweb Software are alive and well, still developing and still destributing the Exile series.Sadly, that series cannot be run on modern operating systems. I should restate... it would be sad - if Spiderweb hadn't taken the time to update said games and make them available once more.Full and oddyssean, not just for the time but even compared to some modern games, Avernum is a highly enjoyable and suprisingly replayable Fantasy classic dealing with the ever-poignant themes of loss, fear, struggle, unity and the determination of the living to do just that.I cannot describe my elation, at the continued existence of this universe. I strongly recommend this and any other Spiderweb RPGs to anyone who misses the simple complexity of the classic RPG format, or of pure, analogical storytelling."
,Recommended,208400,35005818,Posted: 16 September,all,darklordrobert,Awesome game! A great example of gameplay over graphics and the story is great too!The only downside is the UI that takes some getting used to but that shouldn't take too long.If you like CRPG style games with a turn based battle system and don't care much for graphics then you should check this game out for sure!!
76561198122498392,Recommended,208400,35110408,Posted: 21 September,all,SpitDragon,"Classic DnD like game made by people who respect the genre.You can almost feel the inspirations behind this game.I recommend it to any old school/table top fan.Very fun to ""Oregon Trail"" it - Name them after friends, family members, co-workers, and let the adventure begin!"
