user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
,Recommended,208480,12695811,"Posted: 30 October, 2014",all,BASED,"This game gets a lot of hate. Personally I loved it, the game, and the main character, Connor, is a really deep character.The reason why this game gets hate is the super slow tutorial part, that lasts a good couple of hours. Once you get past that, the game becomes really fluid and fun.Don't believe anything other reviewers say, make your own opinions.Nothing is true, everything is permitted."
,Recommended,208480,32301910,Posted: 9 June,all,Tam,"Look at my playtime before questioning my judgements.This game is fantastic, i can see how ubisoft tried to execute the Native American/1700s British occupied America game, and they did beautifully.The story is set in british occupied 18th century Boston, it's about a man (Desmond Miles) who with the aid of the Animus, goes back in time and simulates what it is like to be one of the founders of an evil group called the Templars, who want power with control instead of peace. Later on you will then be controlling Ratonhnhaké:ton (Ra-doon-han-ge-don.) who is a Native American and the direct descendent of haytham kenway, who you will later on through the game find out who he really is, Ratonhnhaké:ton is interested in becoming an assassin and so he sets out of his village to learn the true ways of the assassin.Even though this is the 3rd installment of the assassins creed franchise, i don't think i missed anything that i couldve understood the story better with from the 1st or 2nd game (Keep in mind this is my first game coming into the assassins creed franchise). The combat is fluid and simple, yet complex at times. It's easy to learn but its extremely fun to master.There are alot of ways you can approach enemies, you can go in ""Antique-Guns"" Blazing, you can take it slow and stealthy Or you can be a predator and kill your enemies in varied ways (you can hang enemies from a ♥♥♥♥ing tree branch).The visuals are pretty good for a game made in 2012, the ambient occlussion realistically maps out the shadows and lighting smoothly and beautifully, the texture quality is excellent and i fail to find a distorted texture anywhere, this game is made on an engine designed by ubisoft called Anvil, and it might just be the best looking game on the engine!The dlcs are a bit pricey and they dont deliver an excellent story, I haven't bought them and i am satisfied with the game's ending as it is.The game has a multiplayer, it's fun tactical. And surprisingly, some people still play it to this day, i find it very hard to wait more than 5 minutes and not get in a game.The game's story takes about 15-17 hours, I rarely see games with that much playtime with such a small price, but this game is slow at times, the fastest speedrun of the game was 9 and a half hours. But if you are wondering how i mustered 350 hours, you need to know, the game has alot more than the story, it has several different guns, weapons and even clothing. It has alot of trophies and collectibles that are a chore to find, but wont hurt the game.And one of my favourite parts of the game is the Homestead!The Homestead is a place where later on in the game you will own,  as you progress further through the game you gain more people living in your homestead until it is eventually a village, you can even do missions with the villagers! Complete with their own cutscenes and stories to tell.The game's price is just right for a game this good but you can definetely find cheaper prices on G, 2, A or Green Man Gaming.The game has done excellent on optimiziation, it has never crashed a single time and i fail to find any game breaking glitches or bugs.Overall, i would give this game an 8/10The game builds everything up perfectly, there are places where it excelled with flying colours, but there are places it couldv'e done better at and there are places where it fell flat on its face. But you wont be bothered by some of these mistakes.I reccommend you get it now! You would get it way cheaper on G, 2, A or Green Man Gaming, but in my opinion, 20 dollars is worth it."
76561198075752446,Recommended,208480,15073090,"Posted: 27 March, 2015",all,Catharsis,"Fun game but be patient. There is a lot of running around trying to find what to do next, but it is fun. The cinema scenes slow you down, but don't skip them. They add to the story line. I finished the game and viewed the credits for 10 minutes knowing games have bonuses at the end and also knowing there was a lot of little things left I had not finished. I was right. Still playing. Huge game. <3<3"
,Recommended,208480,14347921,"Posted: 5 February, 2015",all,kimchiman,"So, I was reading the reviews before I started playing this game and some of them were quite negative and even said not to buy this game if you much enjoyed assassin's creed 2 series. While I tremendously enjoyed the second series including Brotherhood and Revelations, I decided to give the third one a go regardless of those negative reviews.After thirty hours of playtime and completing the story, I can say I love this game as much as I love the previous ones.However, there's a very clear line between things I like and I don't like about this game, soI think it is better to categorize them into different sections.I LIKED:- Beautiful graphics and magnificent environments.- Smooth and fast motions in combats.- Great background music- Fun naval combats. I hugely enjoyed these naval combats and wished there were more of them.- Homestead missions. I loved homestead missions and enjoyed watching the community grow. It gave me similar enjoyment from watching Esperanca grow back in Assassin's creed 2. (I genuinely enjoyed the missions too. I couldn't stop smiling when Norris ran into Connor, shouting with joy, ""She said yes!"")- The characters. Very dynamic characters with superb voice acting. Storyline is a weak point but these characters make the storyline much more interesting than it really is.- Historicals. I personally think that this one delivers the most detailed portraits of the in-game era so far in the series.I DISLIKED:- I'm gonna be straight up. I didn't like the ending.Honestly, I don't know what the ♥♥♥♥ was it. I see at the time they were trying to leave questions and wonders for the upcoming series, but it was completely out of nowhere. Probably the weakest ending I've seen in the series.- Controls.They made some changes regarding the controls but I'm pretty sure for those of you who enjoyed playing assassin's creed 2, you wouldn't like this new control. The way you counter is changed and has become more difficult to endeavour. Also, with the new control, you can't prevent yourself from climbing everywhere while you are running. So, you'd have to walk if you don't wanna end up climbing everywhere.- Inconsistent missions. There are few non-animus missions happening in various places. The very existence of these missions is questionable and put unwated pauses when you are playing.- Slow beginning. Takes about 5 hours of gameplay to actually become an assassin.- Some new changes like trading and crafting, but they lack initiatives both fun-wise and need-wise.You see how the thing I didn't like are quite detailed compared to the things I like. If you look at some of the details they newly implemented, you might start complaining about the game. But on a big picture, I strongly think this is a great and fun game to play."
,Recommended,208480,16822871,"Posted: 1 July, 2015",all,Madison Pandah,Reason why I remember names in history class 11/10
76561198066840680,Recommended,208480,16741305,"Posted: 27 June, 2015",all,Mr.Clinkz,"This is my favourite game from the Assassin´s Creed series, coz it has a very interesting story and the soundtracks accompany every situation.+Climbing works better than in Assassin´s Creed 2+Good graphics+The combination between story and actual events from the past is interesting and fun to play+Ship missions are new and fun+The settlement missions are cool to play and it´s interesting to see your settlement growing by that+Good voice actor (german edition)+Beautiful Landscapes-Bad lip-sync-Missions are repetitive-Upgrades for ship are expensive as ♥♥♥♥-Combats are still way too easy≈This game has some bugs but you can tolerate it, since it is very big and also they didnt effect my chances to complete a missionnote:a bug disabled 1 assassin recruit which didnt bother me and I had 5 others left-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------At all i recommend this game to everyone who knows a bit about the revolution in USA and who is in agreement to play a game more for the plot than for the gameplay but I personally had no problem with that and also its worth the price andI guarantee a long playtime.-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------last edited on 15th of october 2015I´d be very grateful if you could evaluate this review.For more reviews you can join our grouphttp://steamcommunity.com/groups/PlayerhouseI'll see you in the next review.Sincerely your old mate Mr.Clinkz"
76561198069679596,Recommended,208480,28183651,"Posted: 4 December, 2016",all,cesckaa,"Pros-Great game with lots of exciting plot twists! + Concludes Desmond StoryCons-Tried to pet a dog, stabbed it with my hidden blade"
76561198051361027,Not Recommended,208480,34946873,Posted: 14 September,all,Finoderi,Ubitards made a language update that nobody asked for and managed to break 5 years old game for literally everyone.
,Recommended,208480,12624922,"Posted: 25 October, 2014",all,ownosourus,"Assassin's Creed III features the silliest and most self-defeating mission design in the the series' history, and it's a huge shame. When it isn't directly hamstrung by constrained mission areas, flakey AI, and imprecise movement, it manages to steer you into the path of these flaws anyway with optional objectives that encourage you to game the system - and Assassin's Creed III's systems do not hold up well to gaming. When full sync bonuses were introduced in Brotherhood, they were designed to encourage creative use of the tools at your disposal. Here they more often tamp down your options, exposing the emptiness of the game underneath.There's a lot more to an Assassin's Creed game than its missions, but the fifth in the series drops the ball with such regularity that it resonates through the entire experience. A pervasive sense of frustration is the snare drum that accompanies Assassin's Creed III on its march through the American revolution. You undertake that march - for the most part - as Connor, a young assassin with a British father and a Native American mother. Connor's quest to negotiate a future for his people against the backdrop of revolutionary war is well written and often well acted. The game's treatment of issues of race, class, democracy and empire even manages to be insightful.Characterisation is strong. Connor will get some flak simply for not being Ezio, but he comes into his own in the second half of the game. Assassin's Creed III has a cracking villain, too, in a senior British Templar that the writers seem to like more than they do their ostensible lead. The game suffers for a lack of female characters - the only real exception being Connor's mother, who after a brief period of activity retreats from the stage to usher in the series' next male protagonist.Puppeteer-style controls are gone, replaced with traditional keybindings: interact, attack, secondary weapon and so on. The verisimilitude suggested by the old arms, legs and head system has been lost, but the new way is clearer and for the most part it's a worthy change.Counter-riposte combos are still the dominating force in combat, but what exactly constitutes a riposte has been diversified: firing lines mean grabbing an enemy to use as a shield, and heavy foes are better responded to with quick, aggressive jabs at their defences than waiting for them to attack. No more Ezio-style multi-man murder sprees spring from a single tap of the attack button. The game looks substantially better on PC but otherwise this is an underwhelming port. Keyboard and mouse controls can't be rebound and feel like an afterthought.The root of my issue with Assassin's Creed III is this: that for as much  stuff  as it provides, the amount that it actually allows you to do feels thinner than ever. A vast amount of its content can be reduced to 'get from A to B and push a button', and stealth rarely strays from minigame territory. Assassin's Creed III's basic mechanics fare much better in multiplayer, where human opponents - or allies, in the co-op Wolfpack assassination challenges - provide the depth and dynamism that the single-player game lacks. The other area where the game excels comes entirely from left field: naval combat.Connor moonlights as a privateer captain in a series of optional sea missions that thread in and out of the main plot. During these you take the helm of an Assassin frigate, barking orders at your men and steering your warship into broadsides and boarding actions. It's absolutely spectacular - weather and ocean effects create a phenomenal sense of place, and control is just arcadey enough to be exciting while retaining the heft associated with 18th century naval warfare. Assassin's Creed III rises above mediocrity by virtue of its ambition, its writing, and the set-piece moments where its best ideas form ranks and push. It's the sequel that proves that a revolutionary rethink is needed, but not the sequel that pulls it off."
,Not Recommended,208480,34900912,Posted: 12 September,all,Iffy the Bothan Booty,2.2 Gig patch at 4am broke my saved game. #ohubisoft
,Recommended,208480,19642272,"Posted: 11 December, 2015",all,Aukstums,"The Good:Combat, although not hard, still manages to feel satisfying, and has plenty of new moves.For the first time in AC you can parkour through the forest.Naval combat is awesome. Naval missions have their own side story.The hunting can be interesting, its a small side activity that can be used for some quick profit.Story is engaging and characters realistic for the most part.The Ratonhnhaké:ton journey makes you appreciate him. His story is really heartfelt.Multiplayer is largely the same, with some minor changes, and , most importantly, still active.You can dispense justice with a tomahawk to the face.Air assassinate rabbits.Varied arsenal at your disposal.The Bad:A bit unoptimized. On some setups you might have to tweak the .ini file to get it running as good as possible.Towards the second half of the game you can notice that things start to wrap up pretty quickly. It seems the devs were rushed to push this out by the holiday season. A shame really, could have been the greatest AC.Most side activities, though entertaining for a time, feel disconnected from each other and the main story. Nonetheless, at least the homestead missions provide some minor story context.The crafting and trading, though reasonably extensive, is a clucnky mess.Stealth is lacking (as with all ACs)Can complete entire game with one default weapon. (A shame really)The ending is not satisfying at all.tl;drWould stab things again."
,Recommended,208480,10309603,"Posted: 1 June, 2014",all,Ank,"Assassin's Creed III is an action-adventure stealth game with open world environment from Ubisoft and also the next instalment of the Assassin's Creed series. Assassin's Creed III is a sequel to the previous game Assassin's Creed: Revelations.Desmond has regained his conscious and is now back in action. Desmond, Rebecca, Shaun and now his father, have traveled to the Grand Temple of ""Those Who Came Before"", an ancient race of powerful beings who created humankind before a global calamity thousands of years before the events of the game made them almost extinct and ravaged the Earth. There, Desmond needs to uncover how to open the secrets in the temple, but on his arrival, Desmond then falls into a fugue state, to which Desmond is returned to the Animus and bleeds back to Haytham Kenway.Assassin's Creed III has many major overhaul on the gameplay, some might think this good, some will not. The setting now takes place in the 18th century, in the North American continent, on the city of Boston, New York and the frontiers of America. This mean, we can expect less building to be climbed but instead replaced with tree running and jumping, somehow like Tarzan. This style of gameplay can offer a new way to play Assassin's Creed. The game also feature many mini games and animal hunting, a new way to earn some money in the game. The combat system are also improved here, some may find this easier or harder but it makes the combat feels more epic. Stealth have been completely overhauled with new features, such as double-counters, multiple takedowns, and chain kills. New heavy weapons type also present, the musket rifle, you can use it in melee combat with its attached bayonets or just fire it. And when the enemies are about to fire at you with rifle or pistol, you can use a human shield to protect yourself. The best part of the new gameplay is naval combat. It's so epic. You command your own ship and crew, and engage in many naval battles including the battle that involves the American and British navy. Assassins recruit are different in this game, its harder for you to recruit Assassins as the only way to do that is doing liberation missions. There are still many feature of the game that yet you can try.Graphics then. I must say, the game has far better graphics, textures, effects and better animation which make movement feels so smooth. The effects are also incredible. Assassin's Creed III does has better and improved graphics. The downside is the blinding white loading screen. Seriously they can use blue or maybe grey but white? It burns your eye when the game is loading a map, level or save games. Some minor graphics glitch also still present in the game. Despite that, the game runs optimized for me.Multiplayer has also been expanded in this sequel. New gamemodes where you have to work together to assassinate a target has been added. But Ubisoft seems to have decided to add a microtransactions in the multiplayer. That can be good or bad. But seriously the game is expensive already.Overall, Assassin's Creed III has better gameplay and graphics, the naval combat are the most epic part of the game. But the story isn't that interesting. Maybe because the main characters, Ratonhnhaké:ton or by his family name, Connor Kenway is just boring. Compared to Ezio and Altaïr, Connor is just plain I think. Other than that, this game is good.Rating 7/10"
,Not Recommended,208480,35094669,Posted: 20 September,all,Rav,"EDIT: Steam user Finoderi found a way to fix this:https://steamcommunity.com/app/208480/discussions/0/1473096694455443436/?ctp=19#c1495615865225519623I have deployed this fix and my saves work again. Ubi clearly doesn't test. As of this edit, there is still no official patch that fixes this.----=====----Patch on 9/12/17 broke my 88 hour save. Been working my way through the game, collecting all achievements. I cannot continue my progress, and have lost all my enthusiasm for this game.I have opened a ticket with Ubi support, but they seem completely unaware of what has happened or why. There has been no public response to this issue that I can find in the week since they issued this patch.I can no longer recommend this game to anyone, and would caution anyone against buying future Ubi products due this lack of communication and lack of support for this literal gamebreaking issue."
,Recommended,208480,13207171,"Posted: 2 December, 2014",all,The Senate,This game taught me more about the American Revolution than all of my years in history class
76561198077258301,Not Recommended,208480,34911291,Posted: 12 September,all,K1llerEfficient,Patch on 9-12-17 screwed up my save game.
,Not Recommended,208480,34958255,Posted: 14 September,all,thayan,"I bought the game a couple of years ago, i decided to play it this month. I was about at 40% of the game and the last patch for the chinese language bugged, now I can't load my savefile.So it's a negative review until the loading of the savegame won't be fixed."
,Recommended,208480,26455543,"Posted: 6 November, 2016",all,Uncle Kaz,"Great AC gamePROS+Concludes Desmond Story+Nice Main Hero+Epic villains+Great storyline+Good Gameplay+New types of sideactivities+Multiplayer+Nice amount of costumes+Great DLC WHAT-IF campaign about King WashingtonCONS-WORLD is once again divided to multiple locationsGreat AC game with tons of new features and on the updated engine,you should play it!"
,Recommended,208480,14106313,"Posted: 21 January, 2015",all,hmm,Where is Charles Lee?Where may he be?Is he underground or is he in the trees?Is he in the lake or is he in the key?Can anybody find him?Nope. He's Charles Lee.
,Not Recommended,208480,7779116,"Posted: 26 November, 2013",all,Furuta,"The AC franchise has been built on a model of innovative gameplay, including fluid free-running, fast-paced combat, fascinateing story elements and intriguing and challenging puzzles. AC III takes a huge step backward in many of these elements, presenting a puzzling combination of frustrating circumstances that leads any fan of the series to wonder ""WTF?!"" Out loud. While yelling.First, the good. AC III is the first game in the series to change the combat system from the original counter system found in AC I. Aside from a poor tutorial, the new counter system actually seems even more fluid once you get the hang of it, and I did find it quite fun to fight scores of lobsterbacks at once (usually as a catharsis from the game's other elements). Not all moves worked on every enemy, and using defense breaks and disarms provided some interesing depth to an otherwise two dimensional combat system. The addition of naval combat was welcomed and was quite fun. I didn't quite understand why my huge cannonballs wouldn't have destroyed those powder stores rather than just exposing them, but the strategy was appreciated for its progression and seeing those ships explode did bring a smile to my face. The overall story and voice acting within the game were also relatively pleasing, keeping the player engaged during the intermittent cut scenes and expositions.Next, the bad. AC's ""sync"" system has been something of particular interest to me since it was introduced. While I am not a completionist, I have always wanted to get 100% synchonization on all missions. It was a feeling of accomplishment, achieving a level of mastery of those missions to the degree the original legends had done hundreds of years prior. What made all those extra requirements intriguing was that they elevated the tactics needed to complete the mission those that would be seen in an action movie or comic book. They made you awesome becuase you could do it like a badass ninja. AC III took those requirements and threw into the trash and lit them of fire. They instead replaced them with tedious requirements that weren't challenging but annoying and frustratiing. They didn't make you badass. They made you do stupid tricks. They didn't force you to master the system. They forced you to game it. A perfect example of this would be the requirement that you not shove pedestrians when chasing a target through the streets. Does daintily walking by pedestrians in between sprints make you badass? No. Does it provide you with ample opportunities to shout at your screen and punch the nearest breakable surface with your ragefist? Yes. If these requirements weren't tedious, they were unreasonably difficult. Don't take fire damage while running through a burning building with poor level design and convoluted routing. Air assasinate a specific enemy, forcing you to kill everyone else before climbing the mast just for this singular reason (breaking the natural flow of the overall strategy). Etc. Et-♥♥♥♥ing-cetera. It goes on and on. The game breaks you out of the strategy and says ""Do it this way because reasons.""My final frustration was with this game's tendency to provide game elements that seemed to act as solutions looking for a problem. They had potential, but had little to no practicality. I never found it useful at any time to use any of the additional assassins for anything other than helping me kill enemies. The fake escort, the lure, and the like seemed to be gimmicks that had no use. The only missions that begged their use were those that introduced you to them. They served no other purpose than to be introduced and soon forgotten. The homestead was a wonderful idea in concept, but I honestly didn't craft a single item during the entire game. Recipes were collected and quickly forgotten as well. I could pick up all the ammo I needed from my dead enemies. What use did I have to make any? Almanac pages were a pain to grab due to an often clunky free run on slanted rooftops, and their reward was nebulous enough to leave me feeling very comfortable to leave them on the map. Hunting was fun at first, but I felt no need to gather skins or complete lists of animal kills. These entire portions of the game seemed like needless add-ons that I increasingly ignored the more I became frustrated with the game's core elements.While I am usually one to do all side missions to get all possible story elements and complete most other parts of the AC games (feathers and flags aside), I found myself grinding out the story missions exclusively in even the early game just to get to the end (and that was only because I wanted to see the outcome of the overall story arc set up in previous games, not anything within the merit of the game itself).My conclusion? Don't play this game unless you are a die-hard fan of the series. I give it a 4/10.This game is like Star Wars Episode I. With a franchise this good, how could another one be bad, right?"
,Recommended,208480,28174687,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,Professor Death,"Killing redcoats and admiring colonial architecture, the perfect combination!"
,Not Recommended,208480,18368155,"Posted: 7 October, 2015",all,HaroldoNVU,"Don't take this as a hard ""no"" recommendation. Assassin's Creed III is in many aspects a good game and for some time I even enjoyed it. It's gorgeous, the traversal system has been improved over its predecessors, it has a great multiplayer mode and the beginning of what become a hit on the series: naval combat. But it's also one of my go to exemples of why I rarely buy AAA games anymore. It's bloated with a lot of poorly planned, poorly implemented and overall pointlesss side-content designed to make the games feel bigger and longer than it actually is. The story rhythym is so poor that even though I bought the game just to finish the 2012 arc I gave up halfway through and read the ending online. Bland characters everwhere, derivative and repetitive mission design, very little charm that makes the game while beatiful and responsive feel souless. I used to be a huge fan of AC but that's my final entry."
,Not Recommended,208480,811511,"Posted: 2 February, 2013",all,mark | dj.,"For me personally Assassin's Creed III was a huge disappointment. The game starts off way too slow. It will take several sequences (and, therefore, hours) before you're actually able to freely move around. Add to that the uninspiring, sometimes frustrating and confusing missions, the boring, often cold and colorless setting in which the game takes place, the cumbersome way to fast travel, the (gamebreaking) glitches and bugs and there you have AC3. I can forgive the game for the smaller glitches and bugs, sure, because, let's face it, it's still a gigantic game world with lots of activity. But I just can't forgive them for the other mistakes, especially since 100+ people have been working on this game for at least 3 years straight.And now that the entire story has been told, it's time Ubisoft took the franchise in a different direction. It doesn't have to be groundbreaking, and there's no need to change genres, but at least come up with some creative and innovative things for your next AC games. I'm not talking about side activities here, there's plenty of that.Let's make the whole thing exciting again. Don't milk it like certain other franchises (guess that's a bit late since this is, like what, the 7th game or so ?).Well now, on to the good stuff. Yes, AC3 uses a new engine and it shows. It's pretty good. The environments look nicely detailed, as well as most of the characters. Some of the citizens and less important characters still have that low poly look though so it's not all great. Overall, despite the sometimes poor performance, the game runs and looks very well and I can only see it get better with future releases.There's more: hunting is a cool new feature that fits well in this game's theme. You could do nothing but hunt for hours and you'd still have fun. Hey, what do you know; I finally have something positive to say.Naval battles are also a great addition to the game. Granted, I didn't think they fit the theme that well, since your playing a Native American and all (have you ever seen one steering a ship ?), but they were fun to play and that's what's most important.Despite my ranting there were still times that I enjoyed playing this game, but ever since the brilliant Brotherhood I'm growing more and more tired of it with every new game they release.If I had to score this game right now it would have to be a 7,5. Judge for yourself if you can.[Rating: 75/100]"
76561198010167751,Not Recommended,208480,8051179,"Posted: 14 December, 2013",all,Porks,"This is not Assassin's Creed III. This is...> Abstergo Movie Factory I <Differences from the last trilogy = Annoyance- not a rooftop game- fast travel unlock is quite tedious- horse travel is nice, but control is clumsy- freerunning control is horrid, simplied but horrid- massive world, but missions dont really use it all- Assassin element isnt really there.Good additions- naval battle- no meds required, but that means devs cheap out on armor design- no armors, just gei outfits- new way to get money, defend your convoy yesand etc...Uplay complaints- actions not registered- cant redeem code in single player, some can in multiplayer- ""ubisoft server is currently unavailable, please try again later.""7/10 game, not that bad, but not great and the Uplay crap isnt pleasant to deal with.wasted soo much time..."
76561198012642842,Recommended,208480,16244369,"Posted: 7 June, 2015",all,Prinz Eugen von Savoyen,I found it enjoyable slaughtering Red Coats and Colonists as a Native American Assassin
,Recommended,208480,28336033,"Posted: 12 December, 2016",all,Prozac,"I've approached this title with as little expectations as possible, since I've heard the game sucks, Connor sucks and everything about it sucks.Well colour me surprised. Not only did I enjoy the game tremendously story wise, not only I liked the ending (I've heard it sucks!), not only I didn't mind Connor being how he was (though yeah, he feels like unfinished business. He sounds lifeless,  but it's sort of understandable providing what past he came from. Yeah he could be more polished a protagonist, I'll give nay-sayers that).Have to admit though this game has been (for me) completely taken by Templars. Because Haytham is magnificent ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥.To sum it up:Cons:- A lot of odd hatred toward the game. Connor not being Ezio is not a catastrophe, you know.- Some things are basically useless, like stealing. You don't really need it for anything unlike in, say, AC I when it was useful for replenishing your stack of throwing knives.- Again, all the pistols, swords and other weapons are just collectibles and visuals.- Outfits, few are goods, most are ugly. Also, you have only few dyes to choose from, and if you put something other then default outfit, odd things happen with Connor's haircut in cutsceenes.- Some 100% synch requirements are maddening.- Lifeless Indian speech. Why there was no emotion in actors' voices is beyond me.- Not many silly/creepy bugs AC I and AC II contained. I sort of remember them fondly.- All right, Connor makes little sense sometimes and acts as if he didn't know what he wanted. Though, maybe he doesn't.Pros:- Awesome settings in awesome times. Alternative versions of historical events - me likey!- Combat: I liked it always, I like it here, too. More brutal.- Pretty ok-ish story. If devs haven't decided otherwise, it would create a good start for some AC in the future, taking off from where AC III ended.- Ending speaking truth about human nature. (No wonder so many dislike it!)- Characters. There are many interesting characters, even if main protagonist is not one of them.- Music. It's epic.- Places you visit are very authentic, climatic and alive.- Explaining other side of the never ending conflict. I like it when it's not black and white, and like it or not, Templars make a lot of sense.- NAVAL MISSIONS! Pure joy. Even if one of the hardest 100% syncs was one of them.- You can hunt. I didn't enjoy that, but option is there and it is something new.- Contains multiplaya.All in all, it was good times."
,Recommended,208480,21203245,"Posted: 14 February, 2016",all,Antwog,"Assassin's Creed III (AC3) is a very good hybrid game that consists of historical telling, which combines fiction with non-fiction, and modern-day times. AC3 is set in the American Revolution with the British invading Colonial America and the uprise of the Patriots to counter the British. You, the player, play as Connor Kenway, a refreshing Native-American that strives to protect his native homeland from the Templars and the British. Also, in modern-day present time you play as Desmond Miles, an intriguing character that is determined to uncover the mystery of the first civilisation and the relation to the December end of the world scare.AC3 has many features and various stories that allow the game to shine. I commend the developers for their insight into expanding the backstory. For example, the Templers connection between the American Revolution and present-time in AC3. The modern day story is pretty substantial as that was the only hook from the previous game AC: Revelations. Safe to say, the developers successfully allowed me to further invest into the modern day story by allowing me to experience more revelations and experiences from the first civilisation and its effect on Desmond and his group. Here are some very minor spoilers; the modern day ending was excellent because there was a very significant continuation of the first civilisation story that occurs.The campaign was very good with great storytelling. The amount of historical information in the game was fascinating as it expanded my knowledge on the American Revolution. There were several twists and turns in the story including the story within Connor and Haytham that kept me interested and engaged whilst completing the game. I completed AC3 in 51 hours so I am surprised the game held my interest. A big hit was the variety of missions such as killing an individual to defending a bridge crossing in a battle. This helped freshen the game and expand the story at hand while being engaging because the campaign covered a lot of ground. This included Haytham making his way to America at the beginning to transitioning to Connor and his journey from his small village into assassin. The endings for modern time and Connor were strong. I felt with Connor’s ending and also the epilogue there was a satisfying payoff to his journey, which also concluded multiple backstories like Achilles, which was very good. The modern day ending was rewarding in continuing the story of the first civilisation and the consequence with Desmond and the world.There are an abundance of side missions in AC3. Due to this, there is a ton of replayability. There are different types of side missions. For example, in Frontier you will have a Frontiersmen challenge, which will include ‘skin five animals’ among other tasks. Once you complete them you get more challenges. I did not do them as well I found them uninspiring and boring. Other side missions include several semi-decent naval missions that include securing a trade route and finding Captain Kidds treasure adventure among other naval missions. The trade route naval missions are unnecessary as you cannot unlock a naval convoy until sequence nine, late in the game. A naval convoy basically ships goods overseas to produce profit, which I will expand on after. But naval missions are fun for shooting boats mostly. Lastly, there are homestead missions, which once you do them you earn the ability for your artisans (workers) to produce higher quality goods to sell for higher. These were very fun side missions as there were a lot of them to keep me occupied and they also bring a managerial element into the game.The settings of AC3 are beautiful and vibrant. There are four main areas including Davenport Homestead, Frontier, Boston, and New York. All four have its own distinct qualities like Davenport Homestead is your home business basically while Frontier is where the majority of conflict between the British and Patriots take place. The weather system of snow, rain, etc. allows for each location to strive in realism and to look excellent. I ran the game on ultra-settings so the graphics looked great on everything, particularly the environment.The characters in this game are quite good. All characters have distinct personalities from the arrogant ones such as Haytham to the greedy ones of Benjamin Church. Therefore, it is pretty easy to invest into the characters that are good and bad as they do play a really good role in the game. For example, my favourite character is Haytham because his voice acting is brilliant, his arrogance is on point and his mannerisms best match his personality.The combat is very solid albeit repetitive in AC3. It involves the usual options of counter, throw, block and all that. The main difference in this instalment is the expanded variety of animations. The new animation of killing an individual or a counter attack are solid and fluid and is seamless in transitioning to the next maneuver. The naval combat is very good as well. Blasting ships is a bundle of joy as there are several ammunition types that enhance the battle. I prefer AC3’s naval combat over Black Flag as I felt that was average and this is engaging. Also the movement of the player is also enhanced. For example, moving up a steep surface will be harder to climb for the player, adding some level of realism into the movement. It is fresh as it spices up the movement aspect.There are several new neat ideas in AC3. Features include the business aspect of trading and crafting that is fun. Meanwhile, the Brotherhood aspect implements a strategic element. The brotherhood aspect is the same from Brotherhood and Revelations and was introduced in Brotherhood. You have assassins and you send them over the country to do jobs that earn items, XP and money. The difference in this game is the recruiting of assassins. You have to complete liberation missions to eventually recruit an assassin, a simple yet effective idea.  Other features include the map feature which I feel has taken a downturn in this game. It is more difficult to uncover portions of the city as a viewpoint will not uncover all aspects of the area. This does encourage adventuring into unknown points in the city but I feel was too annoying at times. Lastly, the descriptions of individuals, groups and events in the animus database are neat and funny. They expanded my knowledge of what occurred and added some humour also.There are several negatives in the game that I will keep as simple as possible. My biggest negative with the game was the synchronisation between cut scene and game. For example, I have a Boston outfit on in the game but in the cut scene I would have my default outfit on. This has happened several times in the game it really did annoy me and hurt the cut scene that was happening. There are other glitches such as losing your item and having to reequip it at very few general stores in the cities. There are other things such as voice acting not being on par with subtitles for portions of the game. My second main negative was performance issues. My FPS for half the game was stable at 30FPS however in performance-intensive areas like snow and on a mountain overlooking an area would drop my FPS to about 10. The FPS fluctuated so much it did become a nuisance. Lastly, there was the occasional crash.Overall, this game is very good. I had low expectations of the story but I was certainly blown away by the storytelling especially with Connor and Desmond. The side missions were good filler to occupy time and keep me engaged. The combat was fun and fluid as always. The main negatives highlighted above hurt the rating but I understand it’s a massive game so it’s harder to iron all the issues. I would recommend this game at $30 due to the high amount of replayability. 7.75/10Join my review group if you liked this!http://steamcommunity.com/groups/AntwogReviews"
76561198028182057,Recommended,208480,23298222,"Posted: 30 May, 2016",all,Old Shatterhand,"First of all, I want to point out that this is not a bad game. Not quite. There are many things done very well, and it has lots and lots of decent ideas. But then again, it was Ubisoft who made that game, and as we well know they have to screw something up sooner or later. And they did. And so, the wasted potential of Assassins Creed III pours right out of the screen.Let's start with good things, though. It has a great setting. I am honestly surprised that there are very few companies who decided to use western or semi-western times to set their game in. Although I don't know if this one qualifies as one set in the Wild West, it does have native americans, so for me, it counts.I wish it was not, but I have to admit that this is as close as we are gonna get to a good game in those climates on PCs... with exeption of Activision's GUN of course.Moving on. This game has hunting. And it is awesome. For a while, at least. It is really well done, and can be used as an easy way to make some money. Includes everything, baits, trapping, and air assassination performed on deer.The environments are as good as you would expect from an AC game. Pretty when you look at them, and while traversing the landscape you will find lots of ways to use it to your advantage. You can hide in bushes, too, which is cool.Connor's weaponry has some variety to it, too. You get a tomahawk, a rope dart, whatever that is, poison darts, a flintlock pistol, or even two, and you can even use a musket, and you get all your standard AC stuff.One thing that bugs me, is that Connor does not have to aim down the sights. He just fires, and hits. Every time. But he is an Assassin, so I will let that slide.But all the good things about this game get pounded into dirt by it's controls. Remember how in AC2 you had four buttons to work with? Legs, head, hand and high profile? Well, here you got one. For all those functions. It makes it impossible to choose what you want to do in some spots, when you have two options. It is borderline random.Fighting bad guys feels how it should though. You got your counter attack, combos, all that stuff, and stats of your weapon sometimes even matter. It is a somewhat decent aspect of this game.Let's talk about the protagonist now. Connor. He is a ♥♥♥♥♥♥. I don't like him. I honestly wish that I could play through entire game as the templars. Oh, did I mention? You don't even meet Connor until you are one-third into the game! Okay, enough with the spoilers.It does have open world, too... but it sucks. Compared to AC2 or other similiar titles, like Prototype, or Red Dead Redemption (not released on PCs, **** you, Rockstar), it feels empty. It has some intresting sidequests, like Captain's Kidd Treasures, but most of them are boring. Like assassination contracts. You don't get a single target to whom you need to get to and kill. You get five nameless dudes, who sometimes get a map marker, and sometimes they don't. It really isn't what I expected, and I was disappointed.What I kept coming back for, were the naval missions. Sailing near the coast of US of A was a really nice experience, and ship battles were very well done too... which is why they made Assassins Creed IV. And if you want ships, you shoud buy four, not three. But it was done in three, and I respect that.Also, you can climb trees, now. Thank you, Rebecca. I have waited long enough.The multiplayer mode is there, but it couldn't hold your attention for too long. It is somewhat better than the previous one, but not that much of an improvement.As you play through the game you will get that strange feeling. You will know that all of that could, and should, have been done better. If they gave it more time, it could be a really good game. But sadly, they didn't.The game was much shorter than I anticipated. I beat the main story in one night. Almost. Again, I will compare it to it's predecessor, AC2. Remember the net of all the big fishes in there? It was cool. You had something to pursue. In three, you have five dudes. One of them is just a mercenary. That is what I call laziness, ladies and gentlemen.Overall, this game is not terrible. It is not even bad. Closer to unfinished, but decent, still. Nearly impossibly hard to 100% it, and a bit frustrating, but decent. And yet, it is not as good as previous one. And I am not talking about Revelations or Brotherhood. Those do not count. If you want the best in series, better get Assassins Creed 2. If you own an XBOX360 or PS3, buy Red Dead Redemption. I can't honestly recommend this game at full price, but if you find it for 10 euro, you might want to pick it up. It is not a bad experience.Assassin's Creed III gets my six out of ten."
,Not Recommended,208480,7904597,"Posted: 3 December, 2013",all,Return to Lender,"This game is a shambolic mess of poor controls, oversimplified gameplay and failed stealth.  Whereas previous games in the series featured extensive roof networks (AC) and towering monuments (ACII), Ubisoft had decided that engaging cities were not, in the grand scheme of things, all that important, and ditched the huge, colourful Renaissance hubs for the mud and thatch American Revolution era villages.  Gone are the paved streets, replaced by mud ruts, gone are the beautiful ivy-covered courtyards.  It's a wholly uninviting and squat place to explore.The crowds of ACIII are hardly convincing.  The children seem only to have one recorded sound, consisting of a laugh track which they will repeat in broken-record style until you run away.  Civilians can no longer be killed for an easy diversion.  Glitches abound, both in animation and in AI stealthing detection.Character development is also inadequate.  Conor is by far the least significant, least fleshed-out character of the series.  He moves with the grace of an elephant, talks as if he has had no education whatsoever (to be fair, he probably hadn't) and seems to have no real motivation for being an assassin.  Whereas Altair of AC was a ruthless, faceless angel of death whose questioning of his cult led to his humbling, and Ezio was a brash and reckless young man whose family death caused him great anguish, Conor is an unwanted child who one day returned to find his home on fire and who promptly did absolutely NOTHING of consequence.  We don't care about Conor because he seems to be the sole contributor to Desmond's personality.  There is nothing in Conor that we would ever wish to be, and no amount of shoddy combat can ever fix such failure in story.AC's combat was a bit rough around the edges, but it involved a fair amount of timing which could be passed off as ""skill"" in the sense that if one won entire wars with single button presses, then becoming expeditious at pressing that one button might be something to be proud of.  Nevertheless, there was a certain satisfaction in killing the final templar with a single strike; in that one perfect moment, facing his (then) greatest enemy, Altair truly seemed to be a weapon without equal in his effortless dispatch of anyone in his way.  Ezio wasn't quite as good as this, but at least he had nifty climbing abilities and additional fighting moves, and was still able to fight in a flowing manner more reminiscent of a dancer than a thug.  Conor unfortunately is just a thug.  He moves like a clown (vaulting over walls with more effort than Mr. Bean) and his attacks are purely brute force, which would suit Hitman's Agent 47 more than a supposed Assassin.  His attacks are also purely contextual animations; if no one is in range when an attack is initiated, he flails his arms around in a poor flourish rather than actually swinging his weapon, and it looks ridiculous.The controls are the final nail in the coffin.  The mouse control should remain the same in menu and game; it doesn't.  AC I required two buttons to be held to run, one separating ""high profile"" actions from ""low,"" and it worked reasonably well.  ACII upped this with the sprint, which was a welcome change.  In both games the Spacebar, E key and Shift performed actions that required little directional input (except for grab, but that was a small thing), which was crucial because the left hand on PC spends most of its time covering the WSAD keys.  ACIII decided that it was preferable to suddenly change the Counter command from Right Mouse Button + Left Mouse Button to an E key binding, and dispose of the ""High profile"" in favour of making Right Mouse Button ""Sprint.""  Surely if one button is to be made Sprint it should be Shift, given its close proximity to the WSAD and the fact that the left hand controls character movement.  Common sense would surely dictate that the second most important controlling button, RMB, should not be stripped of its previous functions and relegated to a purely ancillary role.  All these things come second nature with any measure of good judgement.Ultimately, common sense and good judgement are exactly what this game lacks.*Edited time for accuracy."
,Recommended,208480,23456106,"Posted: 8 June, 2016",all,iScout,"AC3 is a pretty solid game. I had enjoyed watching the Assassin's creed storyline before and decided to buy into the AC franchise at AC3 which, many of my friends said was a bad idea and AC3 got bad-mouthed by most of them and internet reviews as one of the lesser of all the AC games. I bought the game on sale anyway and throughly enjoyed every second of the game.Granted, there's a few glitches that I experienced and the character of Connor could've been better fleshed out and made in a way that the player could connect to but otherwise the story and gameplay is worth it. I would definitely recommend buying it, particularly if it's on sale as when I got it.9/10 Would single-handedly win the American Revolution again."
,Recommended,208480,7745978,"Posted: 25 November, 2013",all,Picassio,"Assassin’s Creed III presents a challenging narrative in which you must justify your own take on history, given the perspective of the “other.” Will you believe in the Assassin friendly revolutionaries, headed by the founding fathers, George Washington, Ben Franklin, and John & Samuel Adams; or trust the increasingly alarming words of the Templars, who seek to control in an effort to preserve?In the middle stands Connor, a new half-Mohawk protagonist known to his people as Ratonhnhakéton, caught between two worlds. Connor's ultimate obligation is to his tribe, and he will go to any measure to secure its safety. The narrative starts with a playable introduction as Connor’s father, Haytham Kenway, whom players eventually discover is not what he appears. The introduction largely introduces the new setting and gameplay options, lasting roughly a third of the game. Outside of that is the continuing framing story of Desmond, desperately trying to avert catastrophe on December 21st, 2012, and deciphering clues left by the first civilization, specifically Minerva and Juno.Interspersed between 1700s missions and temple exploration, are segments set in modern day New York that allow for direct control of Desmond, set amongst a skyscraper, a Brazilian fighting match, and a final confrontation at Abstergo industries. Missions in this series have always been fun and varied, and this one is no different, although optional objectives tend to be headache inducing. Assassin’s Creed III reintroduces ideas from the original game in more engaging fashions allowing for mobile eavesdropping, and the general concept of assassinating the Templar heads. Connor will make significant changes throughout the history of the Revolutionary War.Controls have been simplified to a minimalistic razor, as players largely hold a button and move forward to semi-effortlessly traverse historically accurate recreations of Colonial New York and Boston, as well as the awe-inspiring frontier. New to the game are the Y-shaped traversal obstacles, a Jason Bourne-like ability to dive through windows, and general improvements to navigating the world.There have been massive improvements to combat system, including motion-captured animations of sword movement, greater flexibility, and the devastating ability to chain assassinations. Guns played a major role in the revolution, and the same is true here, as the world is littered with rifles. If stealth is more your speed, Connor is also equipped with a bow and the ubiquitous hidden blade. The tomahawk proves invaluable. On the other side of the equation are the wholly refreshing Naval missions, as Connor steers and directs the operations of large scale combat through beautifully expansive environments.Full recreations of minor details flesh out the world, lending credibility to the reality of the game. Improvements to the graphics engine allow for fully immersive weather systems and the changing of the seasons. Everything about how rain, snow, and natural atmosphere work in the world are well represented here. Shadows and lighting are incredibly realistic as well, softly filtered through tree canopies.The world map is massive, detailing waterfalls, cliff sides, and forests filled with the new animal activity. Connor will find and interact with rabbits, raccoons, wolves, bears, mountain cats, dogs, and deer, as well as the expected horses. In addition to hunting, players can now engage in optional side quests such as exploring the underground, trading, thrilling naval missions, and much more.Overall, this latest entry is not perfect, as there are many glitches in the game world, and some difficulties with collision detection, but the many additions to the series feel fresh and exciting, particularly the ability to explore the great outdoors. The story is complex and involving, and lasts about 10 hours, not counting the endless variety of side quests. For fans of the series, consider this entry essential."
,Recommended,208480,14286003,"Posted: 1 February, 2015",all,Myk,Gave me an A+ in History 74/74
,Recommended,208480,8643643,"Posted: 10 January, 2014",all,Presidente Moongarita,"Alas, I beat the 3rd game after 51 hours of gameplay. This is one of my favirote, although it is the most different, Assassin's Creed game in the series. I believe that just exploring and side missions gives this game a huge thumbs up for me, but what really takes the cake is the story. The plot is set with a different character and far from the old Altair and Ezio Auditore sequences of its original line-up crew. The story may be great, but maybe I really also enjoyed it because of the times we are fighting in (1750s-1780s American Revolution) and playing the unique Connor native american. Some complaints with the graphics would be the FPS drops in Boston and NY, but other than that I really have no complaints about it. Got it on the christmas sale for $7.50 and I defintely would recommend it for such a low price!The game is great, but I feel the best is still yet to come!"
,Recommended,208480,28873297,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,Zbig,"Colonial America setting is awesome. This game is underrated.You can get this free on uplay right now, just log into uplay client."
,Recommended,208480,33495344,Posted: 12 July,all,LockeProposal,"Expansive & immersive // Recommended for fans of the franchise*You'd likely prefer this at sale price.+ Visuals are nothing groundbreaking, but still look wonderful+ Sound effects & voice-acting are extremely well done (of note were the audio effects during ship-to-ship combat)+ Both the free-running mechanics & the combat controls felt very tight & refined+ Main protagonist was hardly spectacular, but was presented well with ample development through his lifetime+ Hunting mechanics are basically unnecessary to further the storyline, but are a lot of fun in their own right+ Historical snippets; from the little nods-of-the-hat to fans of history to the background info to major events and players, the game does well to tie in actual historical events to the game's plot (with a few minor exceptions that felt somewhat forced)+ Cinematic executions & fluid combat; more fun than challenging, but it's enough to keep the player engaged+ Fast travel is available (& the player will be grateful for it)+ Homestead & eceonomy mechanics; much like hunting, these are hardly necessary to further the story, but feel rewarding to partake in & are generally well-implemented+ Story was passage; nothing spectacular, but wasn't poor enough that it stood out in a negative way+ Environments are very detailed, particularly the frontier areas+ Naval combat was more than just a gimmick; it was extremely entertaining, very immersive, & one of the unexpected highlights of the overall experience- This game requires uPlay- This game requires uPlay- This game requires uPlay- Poor selection of display & customization options- The game is not without a few jarring bugs & glitches- NPC reactions are often jarringly unrealistic; a prime example would be the ho-hum reactions by civilians who witness violent altercations in broad daylight (they often don't seem to react at all - definitely takes one out of the experience a bit)- Mid-game has some definite pacing issues, although on paper it's basically understandable given the plot elements at play- Repeated issues connecting to Ubisoft servers; naturally, connecting to servers is necessary, even for the SP campaign- Acquiring new items & weapons is fun & looks great, but you can finish the entire game with only the default weapons & the experience will be precisely the same- Multiplayer is completely unpopulatedLockeProposal's Big Day OutCommunity GroupCurator PageSerious Steam Reviews subReddit"
,Not Recommended,208480,34940058,Posted: 13 September,all,kei,"9/12/17 update broke my saved files, apparently im missing a required dlc, which confused me as i dont own any dlcs'ubisoft pls fix dis♥♥♥♥♥♥or post a forum that tells us on how to fix it ourselves"
76561197969316316,Not Recommended,208480,32222641,Posted: 6 June,all,Morthill,"I have incredibly mixed feelings about this game. On the one hand it has a great setting with the Revolutionairy War. The great moments of the US struggle for independence are there and you can really feel a part of this era. Furthermore, developing your own village is fun; although the impact could have been improved (and some of the quests are a bit repetitive) all in all it's a great way to expand your influence.The flipside is the incredible amount of bugs. I can't play for more than five minutes without running into one, and some are close to game breaking.Take simple movement. When climbing Connor will frequently just refuse to go where I want him to go, which is particularly annoying if you're on a very high spot. My horse would get stuck in rocks, unable to move. Connor would fall through ledges. It's all massively annoying.Or suddenly my mini-map only gives me a minute overview, meaning I have no clue where I are, or where I can go to avoid enemies. The only solution is to reboot the game.Entering a printer shop, immediately exiting, and having the printer shop somehow changed to a portal to New York (really, don't ask me what happened there). And obviously at the moment a patrol is walking by, so I can start running/fighting again.Boarding a ship and mid animation I already have to start over. That's right, the game had me fail a mission before I had even started it.The list goes on, and it is massively frustrating to go through. Completing the game takes perseverence; at some point you just want to see the ending. And it certainly has its moments. But better not to begin at all. Ubisoft should just have delivered a slightly more bugfree game, because clearly spectacle is more important than decent gameplay."
76561198355882691,Recommended,208480,32278700,Posted: 8 June,all,ThomasIsaacBush,"Video games should be challenging, but not too much that the experience isn't fun. Assasin's Creed 3 is the right balance of both. Creativity make it's pressence known. Colorful characters and an interesting plot add atmosphere to a setting that is full of activity with NPCs that are not too static. This game is desent looking stunning, but there  could have been more options. Controls are okay, and there is a variety of objectives to complete that put them to good use. Also included is a soundtrack that fits the mood. Assassin's Creed Unity is, in my opinion, one of the most enjoyable in the series. My score for this is 8/10. The NPCs aren't smart enough, and the gameplay is repetitive. There isn't enough variety in the look of NPCs. Nothing man made is perfect, and this could have been better. It's at least descent. This is better than its predecessor."
,Not Recommended,208480,35243064,Posted: 27 September,all,Mr. Succulent,"I lost my data because of the freaking latest update, and I am not sure if Ubisoft can fix it, can't pay much expectations on it."
,Recommended,208480,12809561,"Posted: 5 November, 2014",all,Grohlman,"i've mixed feelings about this game. although i played the hell out of it, most of the times i saw myself struggling. sometimes because of myself, but overall the controls are a bit broken. the story for me is unimpressive, but the length and the amount of things to collect, makes the games worth your money (but the rewards you get for collecting them are worthless).It's the weakest in the series no doubt, if you're into to the series i recommend just plot wise. but if you're a newcommer try the first ones first."
,Recommended,208480,24770858,"Posted: 7 August, 2016",all,MiniDude,"Score8 / 10Some people don't like connor, but i like him. I think people dont understand that we are watching him grow and go through all kinds of feelings. I loved the story and the characters and i actually cared about those around me.In short, great story, great atmosphere and great fighting mechanics ."
,Recommended,208480,35047788,Posted: 18 September,all,Dreejavu,"Probably my favorite Assassin's Creed game, simply because it takes so much time to introduce you to the world it builds. You'll spend hours playing this game before you even get to play the actual protagonist. This might not be for everyone, but if you love games with an immersive atmosphere, you definitely have to jump into this interpretation of the American Revolution. The snowy landscapes are one of the most beautiful and memorable things I've seen in my history of gaming.Don't expect this game to be perfect, the main character is lacking any distinctive image or personality, the frame story is negligible at best and the AI is as terrible as it has always been in the AC series. BUT. The atmosphere is freaking amazing and the action-filled gameplay is pretty cool. Jumping and climbing through the woods of this huge open world is a lot of fun. You should definitely play this game at some point."
,Recommended,208480,13554359,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,Anax of Rhodes,"* - If the pervasive glitches, hilarious ragdoll effects, repetitious mission types, slow travel times, questionable A.I., frustrating stealth mechanics, not-ideal combat gameplay, and hit-or-miss geometry of previous Assassin's Creed games are enough to sway you against playing them, turn away now.  AC3 has retained all of those aspects. *I still recommend this game in spite of all that.  I'm not wholly sure why....  The regenerative health system is dubious, the combat feels more random (heavies could take half a dozen slices with my knife all over the body, but a light kick to the gut that sends them into a wall auto-incapacitates? what?), the naval combat is iffy on a good day, and the economy menu is more a chore than a boon.Well, aesthetics enthralled me, so I'll go with that.Many dislike Connor.  I find him very interesting, and he may be my favorite Assassin yet.  He is hopelessly idealistic and naive, and very overzealous in his actions.  His worldview is incorruptible.  But his drive to improve, to accomplish, to learn, to grow, and to correct make him an exceptional student and a humble individual.  He is clear and concise, ever-poised to tackle any trouble that arises.  He doesn't shirk from a challenge.  His gumption precludes him to action over tact.  He cuts straight to the point and loathes the time-consuming inner politics of the Patriots, Loyalists, and Templar.He's a thoroughly profound case-study, but most players obviously don't catch that from his words and deeds on face value.Most Assassin protagonists seem to be playboys of their time, accepting drink and women when their work allows them.  Connor pursues a more morally-upright ideal; I know of only one time Connor consumes alcohol, and I don't remember him settling down with a woman at all in AC3.Ezio and Connor are both stealthy (Connor's a freaking hunter, lol; he ""has"" to be), but the difference between them is the former had subtlety and grace, whereas the latter has swiftness and decisiveness.  I loved that about Connor.  The manner in which he acts, the style of combat he adopts, both reflect his mores as an individual.Regarding the setting, it's bafflingly empty.  I'd argue 60% of the collective world map is unused for anything beyond filler.  It's wonderful filler, in my opinion, but it's empty space all the same.  Viewpoints are sparse, far between, and don't provide much vision once you synchronize with them.Combat may prove troublesome, but the animations in battle are a sight to behold.  Connor is flashy, but efficent.  Brutal, but quick.  I'm enraptured with awe every combat sequence I initiate.The hunting is a solid addition, too.  It's far too easily abused, but you do have to play it smartly if you want to succeed.--I don't like relying on personal patriotism for much of anything, certainly not for a review of a video game.  However,... I believe it's an integral part in how I perceived and enjoyed Assassin's Creed 3.  AC1 had a great story, even though the setting wasn't my favorite.  AC2, Brotherhood, and Revelations offered better combat, but I didn't care for Ezio as a character.But AC3 struck a major chord with me while I was playing it.  The open space of the Frontier (as opposed to the cramped cities in Renaissance Italy and Crusader-era Middle East), the (little ""r"") republican community of the Homestead, the righteous (if incomplete) theme of the Patirots, the ferocious style of Connor's combat, the resolute demeanor he exhibits, the pristine settings in the wild, and the boundless opportunities of the major cities of a land brimming with potential,...  All of that sank in well with me.  Maybe it's relatable since I'm a red-blooded American.  Maybe the sights and sounds of the wild Frontier hearkened me back to my days as a Boy Scout.  Maybe the visuals of colonial Boston and New York warmed me to their nostalgia and nuance.  Maybe the theme of liberty and the reinvigoration of the moral struggle between the Assassins and the Templar sparked my interest once again.--I dunno.  I sure can see why people don't like it, but I don't share that sentiment at all.  I had a blast with AC3, so I will suggest it nonetheless.  I hope others like it for what it is, as well."
,Not Recommended,208480,7873452,"Posted: 1 December, 2013",all,Sarklor,"Sigh.I enjoyed Assassin's Creed 1, despite the repetition. I loved Assassin's Creed 2, having fixed almost all its predecessor's problems. Brotherhood was an excellent refinement of AssCreed 2, with the ability to call in your students to cause distractions, the almost-as-good-as-Batman kill-spree combat improvements, and excellent characterisation. Hell, I even liked Revelations for tying up some of the stranger plot, even if it did nothing significantly new.Then along came this sorry waste of time. I don't know just how Ubisoft managed to make a massive revolution so soulless and boring, buy by gum they found a way. Having the main character being a really dull, unlikeable bell-end didn't help. He was worse than Altair for crying out loud.Uninspired combat that totally broke the near-perfect flow of Brotherhood, far too much emphasis on building up a homestead instead of assassinating people, a boring, unfulfilling ending, boring, unfulfilling missions, boring towns that were no fun to freerun in, a wilderness that wasn't used nearly enough, a plot that was vague and confusing even by the standards of the mind-♥♥♥♥ery that came before...It was an absolute chore to play. I picked it up in a Steam Sale and still feel hard done by."
,Recommended,208480,31828097,Posted: 18 May,all,Frizt -C-,"Even tho alot of people hate Assassins Creed 3 for its boring story, easiest combat in series and Main character, I personally liked all of them.Combat is fun and easy but it can also sometimes feel booring because, as i said its so easy.Connor is usually too serious and ""uncharismatic"" as a main character, but i got along with him.Story was great about freedom and justice, but too slow at getting to play as Connor.Over all i would give the game score of 7.5/10Because it doesnt have the thing that is in other AC Games:)"
,Recommended,208480,29476033,Posted: 24 January,all,DaHyun,You can some learn about american history like boston tea party. And sotry is good.
76561197971582031,Recommended,208480,25022200,"Posted: 19 August, 2016",all,BitingSarcasm,"A lot of people seem to dislike this AC entry because they don't like Connor, and that is their loss.  Ezio is a bon vivant, Edward is a salty rascal, and Connor is a stoic Native American.  His character isn't as ""fun,"" but he is spot-on when I compare him to other Native Americans in my personal experience.The gameplay is (by now) vintage AC, and it is somewhat less sophisticated than Black Flag.  The sailing missions are also much more limited than BF or Rogue, which is appropriate given its placement in the series.  But where the game shines is in the story, with actual characters and development that makes sense for a change.  The modern scenes are a bit off-putting, but stil fit into the narrative.  If you know the history of the time, many of the characters become more interesting and it creates greater immersion in the story.  Think of Ezio as a swashbuckler movie, Edward as (obviously) a more serious pirate romp, and Connor as a fine period drama.  If that is your thing, this is a great title, and one of the best.  If you are looking for a well-crafted story, this is also a good choice.  If you know nothing of US history or don't care for a more realistic depiction of Native Americans than we usually get in games, then keep on walking."
,Recommended,208480,22994278,"Posted: 15 May, 2016",all,Max2Light,"This game was released in 2012, wasn't a gamer then...now playing it on a high end PC feels still new and fresh, of course there are differences in the graphical options (Ex: HBAO +) with current gen games but still this runs like a heavy graphical game.Pro's:Playing for 88 hrs made me analyze this game in a very detailed manner comparing this game with the current AC games.- Campaign story feels solid with the introduction of Ratenkhaoe:ke or Connor Kenway s/o Haytem Kenway. The journey which Connor takes to make him a full fledged assassin is awesome.- For a 2012 game, the graphical aspect of the game is breathtaking. Shout out to the team in Ubisoft for bringing such a game. Its still a very high ended game that requires a decent graphic card to run on high setting as well a good system to sustain the game and for multitasking purpose.- Missions are well balanced, the money system is more balanced that the current AC Games, {AC Unity : 2 million franc} {AC syndicate: 270,000 pounds} in a/c.- Naval missions and DLC's are fun extra part of the game.- choice of outfits and weapons are reasonable, though AC Unity was the best in terms of weapons choices.- Recruitment and side bodyguards are useful in big missions or fighting multiple enemies or tough enemies {Ex: Grenadier or Hessian}- Combat mechanism is fast and engaging though personal preference of Assassin's Creed RogueCon's- There is still lots of glitches in the game, sometime combat mechanism of countering an enemy doesn't work , thus usage of secondary weapons become necessary- People who had issues with Uplay being outdated didn't think about installing Uplay first then installing the game through steam, and this wasn't notified to steam for an alternate way to play AC III.- Levelling the artisians is explained no where in the game, I had to browse through IGN and steam community to get the solution.- Multiplayer seems new and odd, doesn't look interesting, maybe i am not used to it.Overall this is a must buy game if you are a Assassins Creed player or someone new to the community who wants to try this gameCheersMax"
76561198293380406,Recommended,208480,34353643,Posted: 19 August,all,MaLGooee,"Well, after reading so many reviews, after reading hundreds of comments on youtube videos of assasin creed past games scenes(i watched revelations ending a thousands times and ezio letter to claudia is just awesome) I was skepitcal on playing this game. A lot of voices saying the series ended on revelations or Black flag is what is better, AC3 is just stupid.It was alll wrong, I loved the game. Let me just say the naval battles are SOOO AWESOMEE, definitely my favourite part of the game aside from the main story of course. Would love to see a multiplayer of that. FULLLLL SAILLLLLL!!!!Now going back to the game, it definitely gives you the feeling of passage that you may want from ezio and altair story. It doesn't just starts and all the other games are irrelevant, from others reviews is what  I heard, so if you want to continue on the journey and want more of the story its a must buy, absolutely!I really enjoyed the jump to the american revolution and that twist with haytham at the beginning, that was genius and it made me stop the game and only start next day because I had to digest it. Haytham is an amazing charather, I think the best one, Connor is there but is not so strong. Haytham takes the stage.The thing that stood up to me was how the templars and assasins work, with the templars and haytham you get a team together and most missions your working with them and on the opposite side the assasins is mostly a solo job, before the big surprise, I was enjoying the way the assasins worked some centuries after ezio but then ......the surprise. DAMN!!Music is 8/10 like others games althought there is no ezio family or road to masyaf, something that could stand above them all. The magnus, the one to rule them all.One thing I would like to point out, the ♥♥♥♥ing money system. I didn't even bother to upgrade my ship or any weapons, what a ♥♥♥♥ up. If I want to go hunting and spend hours doing so, I will play minecraft or enjoy a beautiful day in the sun hunting or fishing. I may have cursed you guys a few times because of that.So yeah, its totally worth buying it to progress the story. Its a 8/10I was sad with the ending but I shall see what they do with the next one, what will they do with it.(if you make his death be just that there will be violence, we shall see!)"
,Recommended,208480,29448472,Posted: 23 January,all,HiMi,Best game in Assassins Creed SeriesUBISOFT Assassins creed 3 have less players online hard to play onlineBut the story is really good
,Recommended,208480,12624015,"Posted: 25 October, 2014",all,Ryunigia❃,"I was unsure to rate this up or down to be honest i would rather stayed neutral on this one,in this one they surely went quite a bit more overboard with the optional quest also some of them only showup after you've failed them forcing you to go to the start menu just to see which optional quest are active. beside that new money management system to earn some extra money (like buying shops previously) is now replaced with some overly difficult and incredibly time consuming trade system that will most likely loose you some money before you figure out how to earn some with it (sell your own furs, works best ps: beavers & bears) also assassins you hire are predetermined and never wear assassins clothing :\ also you start out having all your skills practically but you still go through training that will train you in the art of everything while you learn nothing -.-beside that you have your list of glitches (quest characters stopping to move, RANDOM guard chases! (like wtf really?)), anyway there are more but ill let you have the fun of discovering them.More negative points: Bad weapons switch menu (slow), refusing to exit a map causes you to reload your current map (like wth), game can crash now and then , some enemies your not allowed to counter or even punch (2 of them in the whole game and they require you to go close to a barrel and throw em in to one of em over and over...), hard to spot wanted posters (like some of them are half inside of the wall), no hiding in bushes while being seen( like literrally you cant crouch, he just wont crouch...), ultimate ""d***"" moments where the cutscene is going kill someone you dont really want dead so the cutscene forces you to press a button so you feel responsible... to much to keep going... ps: (very long prologue, your custome is not being used in most cutscenes)Some positve points: Tomahawk (pretty fun), Assassins (even though not best version, still better then not having them like in 4), Boat euh i mean ship (diff from as4 but pretty nice its own way), nice story (but then again thats one of the strong points of as, atleast if you can follow x), op bow~ (like who needs gun), build your own community (sort off)Hints:- in the trade system craft your ""special items"" it has weapons you can use and pouches ( even if you dont really use it this part is quite useful)- collect the pigleg trinkets (included fun extra levels and a sweet reward)- in homestead interact with your people they unlock more homestead missions which unlocks more recipes- dont sell your stuff to a general store (unless for hunter guild objective (doesnt work trough trade :/ ))- Upgrade your ship (it will be necessarily in future missions (both main and side))PS: either way if you're an assassins creed fan its quite worth it to play, if you're new then dont start with this one (i'd suggest 2 or 1)."
,Recommended,208480,30643212,Posted: 20 March,all,Jango34,"Assassin's Creed Ill **** - A continuation of the Assassin's Creed saga that threads through the turbulent flag-waving of the War of Independence. The vengeful Native American, Ratonhnhakéton 'Connor' carves a bloody path to personal vindication, stopping off at the usual historical tourist spots that gives the franchise its flavour.Visuals:A photo-realistic depiction of North America's changing face really shines in AC3. The variety of environments does the game credit with changing seasons and day cycles adding atmosphere and character.Animations have a few traditional Ubisoft bugs but there's a continued cinematic quality to scripted scenes. Still not a fan of AC's menus though.Audio:Stunning soundtrack, a highlight in the series for sure composed by Lorne Balfour. The blend of sweeping orchestral pieces, blaring brass and the emigrant folk stylings perfectly capture the period and sustain action set pieces.Brilliant voice-acting shines with an impressive dedication to the rarely heard language of Connor's people.Gameplay:A leap forward in the franchise's signature free-running sees Connor moving through urban environments with familiar ease AND the rugged landscape of the American wild that conjures a feeling of skill that truly suits a Native American master assassin.Camera controls as always plague the game however.Crafting and collecting helps lengthen the game but border on laborious at later stages.Naval combat makes a triumphant debut in the series that inspires further development.Writing:Connor lacks the depth or growth of his ancestor Ezio but channels wrath from scene to scene that starts as a blazing fire but soon gives way to a repetitive sizzle. His involvement in the bigger picture narrative feels sadly reluctant being a less than willing soldier in the great war between the shadowy factions.Supporting characters however display some great depth, namely Templar Grandmaster Haytham Kenway who continues to show that the Templars are far better written than the 'good guys'.The appearance of significant historical figures feels contrived much if the time but kudos to writers Corey May and Matt Turner for not indulging too heavily in pandering to the unassailable image of George Washington by showing the darker side to the American 'hero'.I really enjoyed the effort Ubisoft Montreal put into AC3 and while a weak ending and a less defined protagonist hold the writing back but the level design, new mechanics and frenetic setting help liven things up. The mere combination of the rope-dart, forest-running and the tomahawk executions made for a strong entry in the Assassin Creed's franchise."
76561198035391648,Recommended,208480,7996509,"Posted: 10 December, 2013",all,Dmzan,"A great History lesson, no doubt. Plus the amount of work done on the maps is fantastic. It is always great to compare the cities to what the y really looked like back then."
76561198030788488,Recommended,208480,18981054,"Posted: 9 November, 2015",all,Cracktus Jack,"Assassin's Creed IIIis a parkour beat'em up adventure game. Desmond Miles and the Assassins are guided to another temple where Minerva has him relive the memories of another Assassin ancestor, Ratonhnhaké:ton aka Connor, who fought a Templar plot in the New World at the turn of American independence.Pros: The game goes back to having multiple maps, such as two cities, a large plot of wilderness and villages, in addition to replacing the economy and your base by a map of Davenport Homestead where mini quests allow you to make your village thrive, giving access to resources you'll craft for export. Colonial cities and forest are a nice change of scenery, and leaping from one tree branch to another feel very different from European rooftops. New A.I. enemies are more challenging and cannot be beaten or blocked as easily, which feels nice after the three past games all had similar Renaissance-based foes. The game finally has a decent participation from Desmond, fighting as an actual Assassin. By far, sailing the seas introduces the best new mechanic to the franchise in a long time, theHidden Secrets Pack DLCadding additional quests in foreign territory very similar to, but much shorter than, the platforming dungeons of past games.Cons: It is nearly impossible to take to the rooftops without being called out by guards who are much more intolerant and aggressive. As accurate as the setting is, the cities and forest aren't as memorable, Connor's story isn't as interesting, and the end of the Desmond story is unsatisfying. Side quests are boring, and your village's economy brings little to the game as you don't need much money and will rarely feel the need to purchase other weapons.Verdict: ★★★☆☆ - It's up to youThe game is passable enough to get a light recommendation, but is definitively the weakest of the franchise so far. You will quickly tire of the hunting and crafting which are the two other new systems brought to the game. TheKing Washington DLCswill extend the gameplay, but offer dark and unenthusiastic story episodes. Purchase only if you feel you really want to play all theAssassin's Creedgames.—————————————————————————This was just my opinion.If you found this review helpful, please consider giving it a thumbs up, and feel free to check out more of my (purely opinionated)reviews."
,Not Recommended,208480,35252051,Posted: 27 September,all,BORKBORKBORKBORKBORKBORKBORKBORK,"Would have said this is a good game, but they just updated it and it corrupted my save file."
76561198254379445,Recommended,208480,23978921,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,Spider-Man,Recommended for sure. It's fun and the story is good. Idk why people dont like Connor but hes a great protaganist. There is replay value as well since it's fun to free roam after the game killing guards and getting into combat. Definitely a must buy :D
,Recommended,208480,25505100,"Posted: 14 September, 2016",all,Rickodez,"Great game.Best combat in the series, Connor it's a dancer of death, so good to play and watch his combat animations.The frontier it's great.Great graphics.Amazing gameplay.Haytham it's an amazing character.10/10."
,Recommended,208480,12432580,"Posted: 10 October, 2014",all,My Bloody Valentine,keep calm and WHERE IS CHARLES LEE?!
,Recommended,208480,23477695,"Posted: 9 June, 2016",all,dcommando,"Excellent game, a real improvement over Revelation. The story is engrossing and entertaining. Sure the introduction to the story is a little long, but it is all worth it."
,Recommended,208480,14236245,"Posted: 29 January, 2015",all,phantom2450,"Assassin's Creed IIIserves as a stealth-action game with ample content that is equitable to its predecessors overall, though it is severely detracted by disappointing developments, a noticeably glitchy interface and failed attempts at innovation in the series.Assassin's Creed IIIfollows Connor, a Native American in the Assassin lineage, as he struggles to repel the Templars while taking part in event that shaped the American Revolution. The freerunning, combat sequences and progress through history are just as satisfying as ever. Loads of costumes, weapons (both purchasable and craftable) and abilities serve to add depth and customization to the gameplay, making Connor feel like the player's own creation. Numerous sidequests lengthen and support the game while allowing the player to explore the game's world through different avenues that retain a feeling of freshness by not grinding through them. Historical information to be divulged through seeing people and places incentivizes exploration, though the historical facts are sometimes hard to differentiate from the game's fiction, which makes the education value of the game questionable. Additionally, certain post-completion rewards allow the player to truly take command of the game, serving as satisfying means to engage the game in while the player strives for full completion.This game does, however, faces difficulties. The biggest flaw that this game repeats consistently are its lackluster payoffs.ACIIIis rife with missed opportunities and dead ends that will leave the player at best confused and at worst outraged. Its main story faces this issue in two major ways. First, Connor's saga, though decently paced through most of the game, screeches to a halt by the end of the game. The two top villains, who were built up so thoroughly during the rest of the game, have final encounters with Connor that can best be described as a quicktime event and a cutscene. Such needless handicaps and disconnects from player interaction are massive letdowns that leave the tribulations gone through by playing the rest of the story not feel worthwhile. The second issue comes in Desmond's storyline. Throughout the game, the player will be brought to the real world to engage as Desmond, who plays just like Connor but without all of his weapons and upgrades, thus feeling very weak. Desmond's missions are enjoyable as a view into what modern-day Assassining is like, but are ultimately letdowns. They feel wholly out-of-place, and the underlying story will be incomprehensible to anyone who hasn't played the prior games, thus leaving new players even more disjoint from the game. These shorts will force the player to call into question the value of completing the game's additional content, not knowing whether there will be an eventual payoff there, either.The game also strives to stand out in the series by taking bold steps in key areas, with varying results. In some cases, the game succeeds. The diversity brought about for the protagonist, for instance, adds valuable style and culture to the game. Connor's Native American heritage is largely treated with respect, and the game provides players with opportunities to learn more about Native Americans in ways that don't even enter into the gameplay. However, many of the changes this game underwent were for the worse. The change in setting from Italy to colonial America does provide some freshness to the franchise; however, it sacrifices playability to achieve this. Freerunning in the city rooftops is largely useless now as guards will immediately investigate you when spotted - which is often. Freerunning in the forests is conceptually interesting but plays poorly, as there are few entry points to climb into the treetops, and even when in the treetops the players are mainly stuck on linear paths to a predetermined end, with few branching paths involved. But perhaps the most significant change is one of the least gameplay-changing: the protagonist himself. All the diversity that surrounds his character cannot save Connor from being as bland and dull as he is. His voice only shifts out of a lame monotone to go to grumbly anger. He shows more emotion while pig farming than during a pivotal death sequence. He never seems to grow over his adventures (except to become more grumbly), and even the end of what one may call his 'character arc' comes off as forced and clichéd. Connor's rigidness as a character just serves as one more disappointment to the player. Unfortunately, some series-staple bugs, such as dying via fall from the plane of existence, glitchy jump sequences, spawns into impossible locations and even hard crashes were not changed from previous games, and remain consistently present in this title.This game reached far, and consequently fell hard. It did not fail from the fall, though, because it always has its satisfying core mechanics as anAssassin's Creedgame to lie back on. What hurts most about this game, though, is that it clearly had the potential to be what it wanted to be. Should just some more time have gone into developing Connor, the interactions with the new area layouts and the rewards for beating various parts of the game, and this title could have been a masterpiece of not just the series, but the stealth-action genre. Instead, what it serves as now is an about-average game that should please fans of American history, Native Americans or theAssassin's Creedlore, but most others should look elsewhere for their Assassin simulator.Assassin's Creed IIIgets a C."
76561198325221671,Recommended,208480,28995657,Posted: 3 January,all,danny960831,"Love this game.When you finish the main plot, dont forget to do the homestead side missions. There are some interesting stories in there."
,Not Recommended,208480,8540412,"Posted: 3 January, 2014",all,Mykwon,"Ok, let's start with the positive so we can clear this one out quickly : the cut scenes are awesome. Done. Check.Now with the negative :1. This is the most boring and clumsiest assassin you'll ever see in your life. This character - I already forgot his name just to say - is the total opposite of Ezio : no charisma whatsoever, no substance, no facial resemblance with any of the glorious assassin family Desmond is the last heir of, boring voice and poor abilities. You can't get attached to such a dull character and have any fun using him. You just can't.2. All the Assassin's Creed games sucked me in from the very beginning of the story and glued me to my screen, wasting countless hours to make the scenario and characters progress. This one is so annoying, I have no interest in making anything progress and knowing what happened to the saga. I didn't even understand why Desmond ended up in the animus reenacting this stupid ancestor memories. Nothing's explained or makes sense. It's like, yeah whatever, just do it because well, it's an Assassin's Creed game so let's just milk the same cow again and issue a new episode of the series.3. The game-play has been revised for the worst. Listen Ubisoft, there's one golden rule in gaming and in programming in general: if it ain't broken, don't fix it. Don't. Just don't. Ever. Instead, you just frustrated millions of players who enjoyed so far the continuity of playing all Assassin's Creed games the same way but you also made it much worse by complicating for no reason a fluid interface with boring menus/sub-menus and counter-intuitive controls. This is an epic failure.4. The AI. Oh my! The AI is as equally ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ than it is deadly, depending on the time, the scenario and the situation. This is such a marker for a failed product to see the vast dichotomy between AI characters accepting you just vanished because you hid behind a barrel in their plain sight as it is when they accurately shoot you to near death when you're jumping from one roof to another, while alerting instantly every other patrols within a 50 miles radius around you.5. Gazillions of bugs everywhere. For everything. We're not talking about specific glitches in specific areas and such. Direct and obvious bugs like the character's cape going crazy and making him look like a ridiculous bat whenever climbing any tall structure. This is not something you can miss. Clearly, you haven't tested your product at all. Or if you have, you clearly have no respect for your customers in attempting to deliver any level of quality for your products. Let's just issue the damn thing and bang money as much as we can before they realize they bought a piece of crap. The fact that Ubisoft publicly told their customers they have no intention to fix any of the bugs, well I guess we all know now how they consider them (moooo!).6. Missions : 90% of the time, I have no clue why I'm doing a mission or what I'm supposed to do. I just try random things until it seems that the mission progresses. The story is so botched that they didn't even try to provide explanations of why you're doing something in the game now.Overall, the whole thing feels very sour: the great saga that lasted for a decade now has been burnt to the ground by the greediness of Ubisoft executives in a clumsy attempt to milk their customers. From what I can read from gamers about AC IV, it's pretty much the same disaster. Guess what, won't buy it. Well, well done Ubisoft for shooting yourself in the foot and killing one of the greatest saga in gaming history."
76561198093201625,Recommended,208480,26219101,"Posted: 25 October, 2016",all,-villejh-,"The game itself is very good, but it comes at a price of some severe problems. First of all, the fact that you have to use Uplay almost makes me want to not recommend the game on Steam. More often than not you'll find that the cloud servers are down and maybe even your 98% save that you were itching to complete has been deleted (happened to me). Extremely annoying.Second, the game is poorly optimized for PC. FPS drops are frequent, especially in populated city areas, even with a fairly high-end PC and lowering your graphics settings barely has any effect. The controls are okayish, but especially free-aiming is clunky at best. The game also has a tendency to crash randomly but it's fortunately not common.Third, the game is still quite buggy. Enemies stuck inside walls or other unreachable areas, animals freezing in quicktime-events, you name it. While some of them are pretty hilarious and don't break the game, some may require you to restart your game.But that's enough about the bad, let's talk about the good stuff. The game is visually impressive, has an interesting storyline, has good open world-elements and fun combat. Especially the homestead and naval missions were an excellent touch, though I still feel that you aren't rewarded enough for exploring (who wants to run around collecting pages?). The story is quite strong and much more morally dubious than AC I and II. The game really makes you wonder at times whether you are fighting for the right side, and although Connor could've been better developed as a character, he is still badass :)To sum it all up, I definitely recommend this game, but only if you are willing to put up with some Ubisoft BS."
,Recommended,208480,8138832,"Posted: 20 December, 2013",all,Arius Vaitso,"Assassin's Creed III is a very typical representative of the sandbox action genre. While the series is beginning to have just a few too many mini-games in it for my tastes - ship battles are particularly annoying if you're an achievement hunter - the core gameplay of the series has reached a point where it is as refined as it will probably become. Combat is easy to master and the stealth aspects of the series have undergone a much needed overhaul regarding realism. In short, AC3 is polished to a mirrored sheen, with an absolutely brilliant soundtrack, series-typical great graphics, and an opportunity to bring closure to Desmond's story, this game is not to be missed by diehard members of the Brotherhood and is even a decent - albeit not perfect - place to start the series for newcomers."
,Not Recommended,208480,35240001,Posted: 27 September,all,The Doom Slayer,"AC3 should have been a good game. It has so many intriguing elements and yet none of them come together. Conner should have been an interesting character. The War of Independance should have been an great backdrop. The changes to movement and combat should have been good changes. Naval combat should have been thrilling.  But no, Conner is boring, the War is just background, the controls suck and the naval combat is a chore. Everything in this game feels like an after thought; too many elements and yet no focus on any of them.I really wanted to like this game but after playing through it once at launch and trying to pick it up again recently I just cannot get into it. The only positive thing I can say about this game is that I like Conner's design and animations, he is a bigger man than all the other main assassins and he uses his size and strength well.Skip this one and pick up Black Flag instead, it fixes all of the above and it's about pirates. Who doesn't like pirates?"
,Recommended,208480,32842125,Posted: 26 June,all,Other Barry,"The story in AC III had me hooked all up until about Sequence 11. The end just felt a bit rushed, script-wise. Any optional missions are pretty boring & mundane. I've noticed that Ubisoft has aimed for an average of 24 hours-worth of content for each Assassin's Creed installment. If they had cut out some of the pointless hunting, courier, and tailing missions, they could have focused on making the end a lot better in my opinion. Once I completed the story I had no desire to complete any other parts of the game.Although the climbing/free-running was made a lot simpler, it still felt harder to get around sometimes; especially compared to AC: Revelations. It's also hard to change your outfit, which is disappointing to me.The best part of this game was the combat overhaul. The faster pace and brutal takedowns were VERY entertaining for the first few hours of gameplay, but it got repetitive as there were only 3 or 4 types of enemies and they had very predictable movesets.The other best part was the ship battles. Those were always fun."
,Recommended,208480,13257687,"Posted: 6 December, 2014",all,margiela jacket,"An amazing game that you can really tell took a while to make, I wasted a good 30 hours on beating this, and I can tell you that it's worth the cost. You get to play as multiple characters through out the game and all of the perspectives are unique.Graphics - 7/10Gameplay - 8/10Story - 9/10Sidenote: I did buy this when it was on sale for $5 (around €4)"
76561198024390568,Not Recommended,208480,13725387,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,Aliner,"Took a break after AC2. Figured I'd give the franchise another shot and ended up with III. While it was fun to get back into the whole Assassin scheme again this one just fell short in so many, many ways. Story wasn't interesting or engaging to me, the control changes just made me want to headdesk and so after walking away from it for a bit I just had absolutely no reasons to go back and finish it. Unfortunate, but that's me."
76561198118697457,Recommended,208480,18906349,"Posted: 6 November, 2015",all,OwnSacrifice,"In general, it's a good game. The story start slowly, but more you progress, you need to investigate more fight,Graphic are not awesome, some bugs detected.If you want to play a game, just to relax and have some good moment, this game can be a good option.6.5/10"
,Recommended,208480,23090754,"Posted: 19 May, 2016",all,Flavvy,"If you're like me and what draws you most to the AC series are the history-based narratives, then I see no reason not to get this game. It's a great story and a good chance to brush up on US history, plus it felt like a lot of gameplay elements had been improved. In general, the major fault with the game in my opinion is that if you stray too far from the main storyline, things quickly start to feel dull and pointless. I thoroughly enjoyed this game but almost exclusively for its main quest.Pros:Great history-based story in true AC fashion (in my opinion one of the best up to that point);Interesting, flawed characters and good voice actors;Game looks great and world is immersive;Streamlined interface and gameplay elements;Freerunning and climbing in general are faster and improved;Freerunning in trees is awesome;Animations to jump over obstacles is a nice addition;Combat system has been revised for the better;Double-counters;Great new ways to blend in with the crowd (during escapes, tails);Recruiting assassin's has a more personal, contextualized approach;Window run-troughs are brilliant when escaping (but are too few and hard to find).Cons:Side activities feel a bit pointless due to not being integrated enough (hunting, seafaring);Fast-travel system isn't as handy as it should be (especially in the Frontier);Unlocking fast-travel through the tunnels is a chore;No more ""auto-follow"" function (e.g. while hiding in a walking in groups, etc.);Some tedious game mechanics (e.g. lock picking);The new weapons selection isn't a step in the right direction;Ledger system feels convoluted and ultimately unnecessary.Ironically, I feel it's partlybecausethe side activities were optional that they were tedious, in the sense that, had they been cleverly included in the story as an more intricate part of gameplay, this could have become something I wanted to do as opposed to something that I decided to dismiss. In Black Flag, for instance, upgrading the ship didn't feel like a chore--I wanted to do so because I use the ship all the time for basic travel and exploring.Having to wade through the tunnels to unlock fast-travel in the cities is a pain. And there aren't enough fast-travel locations in the massive Frontier region in my opinion (where the fact they decided to implement a stamina system for the horses was an added negative, considering). I guess some would argue that travelling through the world is part of the game, but personally I might have been more inclined to take on side quests and explore with the knowledge that this would ultimately help make travelling faster (e.g. by having all viewpoints become fast-travel once visited).Taking out auto-follow is a baffling decision in my opinion--I was really glad to see that appear in AC:R as I could now focus on dialogue while walking, shame it's gone.The ledger system seems intriguing but ultimately is dismissed as it's not engaging enough in the sense it's not really worth the trouble (e.g. I knew it allowed you to create larger pouches, which I would always buy in previous games, but in this instance I just couldn't be bothered and decided to instead welcome to added challenge of having smaller ammo available)."
,Recommended,208480,23776624,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,dgouk,The assassin's creed series is very well done.This series is the start of a shake up in the way that the assassin's creed games play.This story nicely rounds off the Desmond Miles story.
,Recommended,208480,13702027,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,Johnny Biscuit,"first let me get this out of the way, CHARLES LEE! Now that thats over and done with, on to the review. I just recently finished my second playthrough on the pc of this game, and after playing through AC 2 and Brotherhood again recently, i have my opinion on this game. The combat isnt bad, but it is in no means challenging at all, as compared to AC 2. I could spend all day killing red coats or patriots till my hearts content without dropping a beat but, where's the fun in that now? The free running is back and more frusterating than ever, although not nearly as bad as 2 where i was about to rip my hair out on several occasions. It works, the tree hopping can be a bit buggy but mostly its fluid. Buildings, besides churches and save for a few other structures, are not really that tall. I remember this being a concern for many when the game was originally announced but fear not, you wont spend mins climbing up yet another tall structure just to have conner jump all the way down to his death (well, it happened once). On to the story. Its an AC game, i personally like the story line (thats more hurumph than huzzah) but it works to move the story along. However, the 7 hr tutorial as people like to call it, was not a welcome addition. In fact, it didn't even teach me the basics! Since i jumped from brotherhood to 3 i had to re learn the controls all over again. I figured out how to counter, grab ledges and other things on my own (i didnt figure out how to disarm till i was almost finished with the game). Conner is an over dramatic/ montone character. I am highly partial to Ezio's character because he seemed more human, his whole life was fleshed out before you. Unlike conners who you are just thrown into and meant to assume the role of this revenge seeking assassin. Without spoiling anything for you gents and madames out there, expect to hear alot of grunting and screaming for charles lee. The naval sections were a fine addition to the game (they made a whole game out of this section in the 4th game which i highly reccomend you check out) and were both a pretty spectacle and a liberating feeling. Theres nothing like sailing around martha's vineyard and blowing them bloody red coats out of the water! This is not an AMERICA HUZZAH!!! story, not in the slightest. The lines between the templars and assassins morality is somewhat blured in this game. You can see the templars struggling for their vision and in a way, they are good in their own regard. Without spoiling much else, i'll give you the bottom lineBOTTOM LINE:GET IF YOU: like the AC games and are playing through, like the revolutionary war, or just like the colonies before they became americanDONT GET IF YOU: Don't like any of the things mentioned above, want to deal with a tedious story, or are expecting something thats going to knock your socks offIn the end, I DO RECOMMEND because i have been a fan of this series since the first game came out in 07. This series continues to bait me and bring me back into its ever widing embrace. Though the series has started to lose some of its focus over the years, they are still able to weave a very compeling narrative. It also helps i counter like a boss."
,Recommended,208480,25640687,"Posted: 22 September, 2016",all,Artibius,"PROS:+ finale for Desmond's story+ naval missions+ beautiful visuals and environment+ homestead missions+ nice weapon & gadget selection+ cool combo fight mechanics+ fun co-op/team multiplayer (Wolfpack)CONS:- uPlay- some graphical & audio glitches- quite a bit of AI glitches- many annoying constraints to 100% missions- some side-tasks are meant to just waste time- stockpile/crafting/trading menu is annoying- unsatysfying endings for both Connor & Desmond- lockpicking mini-game- every other type of multiplayerComment:If I had to think of a subtitle it would be Assassin's Creed 3 - Checklists. The reason for this is that they packed so many pointless fetch quests, side-missions and collectibles that it often feels like a chore and not fun as it should be. But the naval missions are fantastic. Sailing your own ship is the best part of the game and there is no wonder AC4 is all about that. The visuals really shine in this part and I had loads of fun. Normal combat is okay and combos cool but mostly you will want to avoid huge/long fights. The Connor story has ups and downs but ends up a bit unresolved as to what happens to Connor. Not that you will care for him because Connor becomes more and more unlikable as the game progresses. Homestead missions are an exception. While not very challenging they show Connor in some good light as he builds a community of people. While I like that we get a character who is unsure of what to do Connor's motivations are all over the place. So much that at one point I just rooted for the templars which is a first time in an AC game. The pacing of Desmond parts is pretty bad. Just when Connor starts to be fun you are taken out of the Animus to do missions with Desmond. They should just have the intro part, afterwards you play as Connor and the end of the game would be just the Desmond finale. But instead the weird pacing coupled with a terrible ending makes me sad about how they finished the Desmond story. Multiplayer is nice but I only really enjoyed the team stuff because PvP stopped being fun really fast. I am gonna barely go with Recommended because there are just enough good parts to balance out the bland and bad stuff. If you want some DLC for this game get the Season Pass (if you have AC3 already) but it is best to get the Deluxe Edition which contains AC3+Season Pass+Benedict Arnold DLC. A must for owners of the previous games but even then it is best to go with the Deluxe version on sale. I bought the Deluxe Edition on sale at -75% so I can say I surely got my money's worth. For anyone else - there are better AC games you can buy.P.S.:To activate the Season Pass and Benedict Arnold DLC (Deluxe Edition only), take each of the DLC CD-keys Steam shows you, go to Extras and then to Redeem Code, restart the game and you should see DLC info pop up (if it does not work try to redeem the codes in uPlay too).uPlay unlockable DLCs:The Life Scratcher Pack (upgrades+items), Ezio's Outfit (skin), The Renegade Pack for multiplayer (character+items).------------------------------------------------------------------If you liked this review you can find more on theCurator pageor in myReview Corner."
,Not Recommended,208480,35255225,Posted: 27 September,all,GccHelloWorld,"With the 3,3GB update, my gamesave can't be load anymore, and there's no explanation for it"
,Not Recommended,208480,14861713,"Posted: 13 March, 2015",all,Filet o' Fish Jr.,"Good:- Pretty visuals and immersive atmosphere- The story and characters are interesting- Animations, especially in combat- TreesBad:- Doing everything with the E key is *worse* than the controls for previous games- Combat is more interesting to watch than to actually control- Hunting feels stale and pointless after a little while- Trading at the homestead is even more boring than Mediterranean Defense was in Revelations- Freerunning is just as awkward as ever and getting rid of the space key function for making your character run up walls was a mistake- There is usually no incentive to be stealthy, as the game discourages it while making running and gunning the dominant strategy- The game is somewhat glitchy and I had to reinstall to get past a load screen that always froze upI refuse to ever pay Ubisoft again for another mediocre entry in this series after dealing with so many issues. If you play this one, try your best to stick to the main memories and avoid wasting time on side stuff."
76561198146017927,Recommended,208480,23988588,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,DougDimmadome,"This was the first Assassin's Creed game I ever played, and I honestly feel it is one of the best in the series. Connor's backstory is very compelling and you can't help but relate to him. It is also interesting to play as Haytham as sort of a prolouge. I highly reccomend this game to anyone looking to start playing the series."
,Recommended,208480,28497489,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,Tyron,conor and his daddy issues
76561198146669268,Recommended,208480,23670852,"Posted: 20 June, 2016",all,TheWolfChicken,I have played so much of this game it's crazy! I love it so much...It's the first ac game i ever played and it's so great! i love the game play as well as the amazing views.It's influenced me to get other ones and i'm just about to get yet another! hope ac2 will be just as good :D
,Recommended,208480,18836943,"Posted: 2 November, 2015",all,error90,"Assassin's Creed III rekindled my love for the series. The new setting and characters were a great welcome for me, and the story was well told through some great writing and voice acting. There are some complications here and there that can bog the player down, but for the most part, the amount of content you get in this game is a steal for the price. I played it on Xbox and PS but the PC version is by far the best way to go if you have the rig for it, and the options for the PC players are satisfying."
76561198023391052,Recommended,208480,29554143,Posted: 28 January,all,Mr.Remington,"A very very fun AC game, only shortly behind AC4 but that is not me knocking this game. This one was very enjoyable for me as a history buff and a AC fan. Some think this game was not as great as it should have been but I found myself enjoying almost all of it (settlement missions were odd but god when you put 2 and 2 together at the end its a tear jerker)."
76561198119434129,Recommended,208480,22530768,"Posted: 20 April, 2016",all,sammatron,good game. ships are fine. theres glitches.  8/10
,Recommended,208480,34109021,Posted: 8 August,all,Fatty Biscuit Machine,"This game is very good.It's not accurate, of course.But hey, it's more accurate than my history teacher.This isn't the best game in the series, but I would put it in the top 3"
,Recommended,208480,28137259,"Posted: 2 December, 2016",all,[SS] Keenl3lade,"Now a classic, once a hot of the press release. If you enjoy slicing red coats to pieces in the winter of the Revolutionary War, then this game is for you!"
76561198092526101,Recommended,208480,31432142,Posted: 28 April,all,Alara_alara,"The pace of gameplay sucks.Yet the whole story is so great by defining FREEDOM in a breakthrough convincing way i could forgive any flaws.Not mentioning how vivid and unique the main characters are, especially after reading the book of Haythem's storyline.But for god's sake why Ubi had me play both father and son andmade them kill each otherin the end?I was so confused and unwilling igot Conner killed twiceand searched for a non-existent solution for over 1 hour.Still best story i've ever played."
,Recommended,208480,11489752,"Posted: 31 July, 2014",all,Emily,"This is probably my favourite assassin's creed game so far (I haven't played Black Flag yet though).The combat is pretty nice (although, not much different from earlier games). The counter system has been changed, and now gives you the option of throwing/disarming/killing your opponent with either primary or secondary weapons; but the enemy types remain roughly the same.There are now more stealth opportunities, with the ability to move through dense undergrowth undetected, and some of the optional (and main) missions reflect this. There's still no option to stealthily move around normally though.Calling for support has also been changed, with a range of different options instead of just being able to call for a target to be assassinated or support in a fight. Some of them feel like they need a bit more work, particularly ambushes and the fake guards thing. Ambushes are slightly irritating in the rather long time between them being triggered and something actually happening (although, this also happens with the standard assassination and marksman skills, but I tended to use them in less time sensitive ways). Fake guards can spawn either colonial or redcoat disguises, but there's no way to specify which, so you have to hope for the right one.Money is slightly problematic in the game. You no longer recieve any money for completing missions, but there's also very little to spend money on. The (dyed) outfits may be worth spending money on, and the maps are handy, but the better weapons can be crafted for less money (and there doesn't seem to be much difference between different swords etc. Pistols are a little more noticeable in their differences, since some fire multiple shots at a time and some can be fired twice without reloading). The ship upgrades are largely worthwhile, but the naval missions aren't really particularly important in the game so it seems a little dissapointing only spending money on upgrading the ship.The naval missions are damn fun though. The difficulty of them seems a little easy though, since the Aquila appears to be nearly indestructible compared to the enemy ships. A lot of the optional missions make it seem like controlling it should be harder, with stuff like ""25% or less damage from hitting rocks"" appearing a couple of times.Most of the optional missions are pretty well chosen, adding some difficulty without being too annoying. There are a few exceptions, like when you have chase someone down busy streets without hitting anybody.The Tyranny of King Washington is damn fun too, with the animal spirit powers modifying the gameplay style a bit. I would recommend playing the standard game first, since there are no tutorials for anything other than the spirit powers (and the control system is fairly different), and the collectibles do include spoilers for the main game (including the ending of the game). My main problem with it is that you have to find additional weapons in treasure chests, and you're never given the opportunity of deciding to keep what you already have equipped rather than what's in the chest.There are problems with the game however. It's quite buggy. Some of the bugs may be due to me playing the game on a laptop that's a little below the minimum specs (although the game largely ran fine for me).The most noticeable is that dyed outfits don't show up in cutscenes, and instead you always wear assassin white clothes (the unlockable outfits do work though). Sometimes, weapons mysteriously unequip and have to be re-equipped (this mostly happened with Captain Kidd's sword for me, but I also lost a tomahawk during the Tyranny dlc). The magic lanterns in New York (and one of the Boston ones) were blank, leaving me to solve them based on brief flashes of the symbols during transitions from the top to the right slots and youtube videos. Changing weapons/outfits are the homestead is also ridiculously slow, with massive pauses between pressing the button to change to the next weapon and the actual change happening.Cliff climbing is also introduced in this game, as well as free running through trees and the ability to quickly go over fences etc. instead of climbing onto them and jumping off them. These are all largely good, although it can be difficult to tell where a cliff can actually be climbed and where it's just slight bulges in the cliff. Tree free running is pretty good, particularly when it's been snowing, but there aren't really enough branches for them to actually go where you want (particularly when you're running around outside of missions).The actual plot of the game is pretty good, but it suffers one problem: Conner comes across as quite dull. I'm not sure whether it's a problem with character being unlikeable or the monotonous voice acting though. As in this review, there's so much else going on that the plot feels more like another distraction than the main bulk of the game.And while, yes it is a game by Ubisoft and so it needs uplay to work, Uplay does seem to mostly keep out of your way. There's a little delay at launch while it loads, and it likes reminding you about the dashboard when you start the game, but otherwise it's pretty much invisible. Except when you complete an achievement/action. It does feel like it shouldn't really be needed though.TL;DR: Pretty good game, with a few problems."
,Recommended,208480,13552149,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,ƸӁƷ Bunny Girl ƸӁƷ,"Assassin's Creed III it's best game of this series which who came before.At first I want to say about the multiplayer: multiplayer at this hame got new big and good maps, but new gameplay... New gameplay have much bugs and just stupid. Best Multiplayer was at Assassin's Creed Revelations.Single player: this is new story (in start you play for Assassin which join to Templars, this man father of protagonist), new locations: Boston and New York and other few: West Point, Frontier (big location with forest and so on) and the most important locations - this open ocean and the sea, where you can complete quests on the ship. You can upgrade your ship. And Manor where you will got quests with people, which find home or work. This people will work and live here. You can craft items they are even with the help of (I like that).Weps: you got new assassin knifes, tomahawk (my favorite wep), pistols - you can have 2 pistols at belt.Gameplay: this Brand New gameplay: you can use the objects around you, absolutely new combo murder. New management is very convenient. You can also jump on the trees, fleeing from persecution through the open door or window (in cities). To game added dogs, which can find you :D At city walking much pigs, chickens, cats and dogs (to game add kids :D) - you can interact with.Graphic: this is an entirely new open world with new opportunities. For example: change in the weather (winter and summer, periodically snowing, rain and sunshine, and if you fall into the snow, then the character will slow down). In the game there is dirt on the pavement, as well as pools, stepping on you left a footprint. So, graphic is very beautiful.Story: new story this is Revolution in America. That is very interesting... But some time it's start bored. You play for Indian, which must kill few bad guys and him father. Indian join to Assassin's. He is want freedom for all people. But this guy don't help to Revolution, but he thought that it helps. He just wants to save his people - what can I say about this man? He is egoist. He says that everything should be free, and his father (Templar) said that freedom - is chaos. And his father was right, because if all people are free, everyone would do what he wants and how he wants. If you manage people, then they will not be as savages.If you do not manage the company of people, they go mad.But in the words of the Assassins have the same truth.Managing people do not need to resort to violence and slavery.As I see it, I Templar :D(Big like for new gameplay and graphic)So, this game is not for the faint of heart, there are a lot of cruel dramatic scenes. There were moments when I wanted to cry...Sorry for my English ^ ^"
76561198119291238,Not Recommended,208480,15961377,"Posted: 23 May, 2015",all,Qaxe,"Likes: Actual game play within the animus (as the assassin character) is really fun. I enjoy the combat, weapons, free-running, climbing, riding horses, etc. I especially enjoy free-running through the treetops. I bought this particular game because of the Native-American theme, though I don't care at all for the revolutionary war period. I also liked the inclusion of cats and dogs. Being able to reach down and pat cats and dogs was an inspired way to increase immersion.Dislikes with A.C. franchise in general:– “Animus” concept breaks immersion more than glitches.-- Linear story arc. There is only Ubisoft's vision, my imagination means nothing.-- Regular instances where the game takes over and player choices are severely limited.– I prefer to create my own character: gender, race, face and body type. etc.– Only enemies can be killed. A limitation caused by playing someone else's memory I guess. You're playing an assassin not a psycho-path...but I prefer the choice.AC3 specific dislikes:– Controls need work. Perhaps too touchy. In the midst of running, I may try to jump but instead stop suddenly and pose as if I'm hiding against a wall...but there's no wall in sight.– AC3 has some outfits I like, which I bought as part of a package deal, but use is limited to DLC or multi-player game play. Should be able to wear the items during solo play.– The first 5 sequences felt like a waste of time. I would have liked the option to skip them.I dislike forced, lengthy dialogue in games, cut-scenes and quasi-controlled animated sequences. This game is far too chatty. There is a ""Skip"" option for a few of the dialogues but strangely not for others. We are forced to listen to long speeches after killing major targets, and when in the much hated “Animus”. I play open world games because I want to do what I want. When I want a story I read books or watch a movie. If I want limitations, I'll just engage in real life.I have read the argument ""If you don't like the story, this game isn't for you."" Rubbish! The atmosphere, the treasure hunts, hunting, exploring, action and fighting are all great; too much hand holding, inescapable story-telling and the Animus concept are the only things really keeping me away from this franchise in general.20 minute long forced viewing of the credits, without any way to skip them or even turn the game off?! I have a few gestures and choice words for whoever at Ubisoft decided that was okay.Most of the game from sequence 7 on, was pretty good. If you see it on sale for 75% off (like when I got it) give it a try."
76561198072050131,Not Recommended,208480,13775744,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,official pizza hut logo,"Spent like $10 on this game to have to deal with Uplay. And as we all know, Uplay never works, especially for me it seems.10/10 will never buy a ubisoft game again"
,Recommended,208480,12460526,"Posted: 12 October, 2014",all,MASTAMIND,"Very well made game, great graphics. Single player isn't that bad. I'd wish it didn't use Uplay."
76561198173292549,Recommended,208480,25546788,"Posted: 17 September, 2016",all,Officer José Luis,"It is still a great game for when it came out, ive had it for so long and only played it offline the entire time and finished the game twice, and it's so good as even the cheapest of computers can run it at regular fps, i congratulate this game as one of the best of its time, defnitely worth the time and the money - dont base this on how much time i have on this online."
76561197967645948,Recommended,208480,286069,"Posted: 11 March, 2013",all,McRed,"Good timekiller, the hunting is fun! However I found there to be many holes in the story, and the main character is just not as cool as his predecessors."
,Recommended,208480,11404268,"Posted: 25 July, 2014",all,Laurence,"After playing almost all of the assassins creed games this one has stuck with me as one of my favorites.good points:-nice graphics-little bugs-well written characters-standard AC combat (depends on you if the a good or bad point)-huge open world to explorebad points:-uplay ist buggy, annoying and downright useless-questionable story"
,Recommended,208480,25168481,"Posted: 26 August, 2016",all,Sully,I loved this game. The parkour is so much easier than previous titles. A lot of people say they dont like Connor but I thought he was just fine as an assassin. The story does take a bit to finally kick off but it too was pretty good. Definetly not as good as AC2 but worth a buy.
76561197995674900,Recommended,208480,25735512,"Posted: 27 September, 2016",all,BOOMER BOOB.,"First impressions based from two hours from playing...+Beautful graphics+New world-Gameplay... Here's where it gets tricky imho.(using xobx controller)The parkour and combat configuration from the previous games are not here. Forget about holding down the trigger and/or using X to counter. What I loved about the previous games is that it kept you very alert and you had to time your button presses while holding down the triggers.This game simply is too automatic for me. It holds your hand and simplifies it too much to get a sense of the parkour and combat.  Quite simply... its either you like thier new formula or not.For the past month, Iv'e been binge playing since the first game becuase I've become addicted to the story and gameplay. Becoming a fan of the franchise. Now as I'm playing AC3, I feel like I'm forcing myself to finish the game. A lot was expected from the studio that gave us AC 1 and 2. Each game being different from a histroical context with AC 2 being such a huge leap of story, world, and gameplay. I can understand keeping that fresh excitement of introducing players to experience a new AC game, but so far its just not grabbing me.Basically.... I dont like the controller HUD layout, controller configuration, and gameplay. But hell, I need to know what happens in the story!Thanks for reading my first impressions of the game."
,Not Recommended,208480,13973037,"Posted: 13 January, 2015",all,shamd,The good:-Cool cutscenes.-you can climb  trees.The Bad:-A still broken combat system.-A shoddy PC port with extremely awful optimization-A bland story that lacks personality-Extremely broken stealth mechanics.  Eavesdrop makes me pull my hair out.-Very cumbersome controls without a controller.
,Recommended,208480,13325784,"Posted: 11 December, 2014",all,Conqueefador,"Good game. Good graphics. I found however, that it was very hard to figure out which charactars were which. I got very confused with all the new charactars flowing into the storyline so that made the story a little confusing. Perhaps thats just my problem (maybe thats why im so bad in History class)."
76561198153716024,Recommended,208480,34361899,Posted: 19 August,all,Space,"Assassin's Creed 3 is the fifth game in the Assassin's Creed series (Even though it has a '3'), a series known for its amazing characters, fun combat, and historic settings. How does AC 3 compare to the rest of the series? Well, let's take a look. The setting for this one is the Revolutionary War in North America. You follow Connor Kenway as he discovers what being in the Assassin Brotherhood is all about and seeks revenge. It's up to Connor to take down the Templar Order sect set up in North America. The story presented in this one is definitely fun, although not the best in the series, it still does a good job. Also, there are a couple of twists thrown in to mix things up (and one of them is amazing!)Now, let's talk about Connor for a moment. Connor is the WORST character in the entire franchise! He's nothing like Ezio at all! (Only joking). All jokes aside, Connor is different than Ezio, which is good. We don't need an Ezio every single time, and an original character is better than an Ezio clone (*cough* *Arno* *cough*). If you want to like Connor, accept him for who he is and understand where he's coming from, and don't compare him to Ezio. Connor is a little of an acquired taste, but if you pay attention to the story, you'll understand him and appreciate him. I'm not saying that he's the best character, but he's still a good one. He's serious and a stone cold killer, willing to anything short of breaking the creed to get to his goals.Without spoiling anything, there is another playable character in the game, Haytham. Haytham is an absolutely amazing character, and an interesting one at that. The short time you spend with him is time well spent. There are plenty of other characters in the game as well, such as Charles Lee, Lafayette, Samuel Adams, Benjamin Franklin, and the man himself, General George Washington. Except for a few annoying characters, all of the characters are great, well-written, and well voiced.There are definitely some big changes from this game and the ones before. First off, the combat has been changed. You still have countering and stealth kills, but the combat feels different. There are parts where it slows down and provides brutal kills. The slowing down is pretty cool, but sometimes it can get annoying. The style in which Connor fights in is different from what we've seen before. This is best left for you to discover. An Assassin's Creed game wouldn't be the same without its weapons, and there are plenty of new weapons to explore. This is the first AC game with firearms (well, besides the wrist pistol in the Ezio games). There are various flintlock pistols, as well as rifles. They take a solid 3 seconds to reload, so they're not the quickest things, but they're deadly. Other new weapons include rope darts, which allow you to hang enemies, drag them off of rooftops, and pull them close. A bow has been added as well, which allows for a more silent and faster ranged kill. Connor's main melee weapon, a tomahawk, also deals a lot of damage and is probably one of the most brutal weapons in the game. Also included with the game are familiar weapons like swords, spears, and of course, the two iconic hidden blades.With these weapons in hand, it's time to kill some noobs. There are a small variety of enemies, including snipers, standard redcoats, grenadiers (who wield axes and, well, grenades), commander-type soldiers, who carry a sword and pistol, and fast-acting knivemen. The AI is fairly standard, but are fun to chop down. Something new that's been added in their code is the ability to line up and shoot at you. This also introduces a new mechanic that allows you to block their bullets by using a human shield. I personally though this was a great idea, and it's great to see it being used in later AC games. Besides that, there's not much new with the enemy AI. Oh, and they still can't swim...Other new mechanics have been added, such as lock picking. Honestly, lock picking is absolutely terrible, but luckily it only comes up twice in the main campaign. They should've taken a page out of Skyrim's lock picking. A big mechanic that has never been seen before in an AC game until now is naval combat. The naval combat was perfected in Black Flag, but here it needed work. It's decent and fairly enjoyable, but it's definitely been improved. There are a couple of missions in the campaign that utilize this, but it's not used often. You can fire cannons at enemy ships as you sail along the East Coast to get supplies, which can be used to upgrade the ship. The cannons, though, aren't quite as movable as they are in later games. Since there is a good portion of frontier in the map, there aren't many rooftops to run across. In fact, the rooftops in the cities are actually pretty well guarded, as if the game designers don't want you to parkour around. A new tree parkour (Or ""Treekour) mechanic has been added. It's pretty great and entertaining and gives us that much needed parkour. Also, rock climbing as been added to the game, for even more climbing action.This game is jam-packed with new things, like petting animals! You can also pet wild animals really hard...with blades. Hunting has been throw into the mix to provide you with extra things to do. There's rabbits, wolves (which are hostile), foxes, bears, dear, and more, all waiting for you to kill them. I personally didn't indulge in the hunting (I'm not a hunting person, in real life and in video games), but it definitely adds more entertainment. Once you kill the animal (by either setting traps or killing them with your weapons), you can craft new items with the pelts or sell them for money. Overall, it's a well-made new mechanic and a great edition to the game.If you've ever played one of these games, you're familiar with the notoriety system. If you're a newcomer, the notoriety system is just a wanted system. The higher the notoriety, the more aware guards are of you. It's stayed the same throughout the Ezio trilogy so, the creators decided to change it up. Once you have one level of notoriety, when you pass a soldier, they will go after you if you stick around for too long, and it doesn't take much for this to happen. They've made it more likely that you'll be attacked by guards if you even just have one level of it. This can be annoying if all you want to do is complete a mission, or simply get to where you need to go. How do you get rid of this? Well, you can tear down wanted posters to remove 1 level of notoriety, bribe a town crier to remove 2 levels, and bribe a printing press to take away 3 levels. The new ways of removing notoriety definitely spice things up, but the new system of notoriety can get very old very fast.Other mechanics include fast traveling (without taking a boat) and tunnels to also fast travel in (this time, you actually get to walk through the tunnels). These two mechanics are handy when you're in a hurry to get to your next mission.Since we've discussed new things that have been added, let's talk about things that have been removed. Armor is no longer in the game, which does make sense considering people usually didn't wear armor in the Revolutionary War. Medicine has been taken out of the game, so you have to heal naturally. Nothing else has been taken away, but it takes some getting used to if you've played the other games first.If you're familiar with AC, then you know that there's a modern story that connects with the past. Here, we see Desmond Miles and his group once again, trying to stop the Apocalypse. Say what you will about the previous modern day story, this one is actually pretty darn good! There's some fun moments and the story is actually great.In the end, Assassin's Creed 3 may not be the best AC game, but it's definitely a fun sequel. I definitely recommend checking out the rest of the series first (Especially the Ezio Trilogy!), but this one is one you'll definitely not want to skip out on."
,Recommended,208480,21590563,"Posted: 2 March, 2016",all,𝓐𝔁𝓲𝓲,"TL;DR at BottomIf you enjoyed this review,consider giving it a thumbs up!7/10Purchase on a sale""My enemy is a notion, not a nation.""-Connor KenwayAssassins Creed 3 is another entry into the long time open world 3rd person action RPG series of Assassins Creed.The game is developed and published both by Ubisoft and released in 2012. In AC3 you play as Connor, when in the simulation, and Desmond when out of it, as well as playing as Haytham in a lengthy prologue. Each character plays exactly the same and there is no differences other than looks. AC3 takes place during the American Revolution and throughout the game you'll meet some historical figures such as George Washington or Samuel Adams. As the game begins you are forced to play as a man named Haytham, Connors father, in what is essentially a 3 hour long tutorial which almost turned me off from playing the game altogether. After that Connor is born and you begin your journey in a small indian village with multiple timeskips as Connor ages. Eventually you end up having a vision about the sigil of the Assassins and this leads you to a man named Achilles who trains you to take up the mantle of Assassin. The game features lots of side options and collectibles but most of them feel pointless and forced so you have little incentive to get them. AC3 also features a weak attempt at a multiplayer component that I really cannot give much comment on seeing as it's dead. The game's story mode works in longer sections called sequences and each of these has multiple missions inside of it. Each mission probably lasts 10-30 minutes and there are maybe 4-5 in a sequence which brings the total game time for story alone to about 12-13 hours. However, I did lots of the side missions and a good amount of collectibles and my playtime came out to be about 30 hours so it depends on how much content you want to play through.http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=635246704The Assassins Creed series has a very basic but satisfying combat system, similar to the Batman: Arkham series, which consists of just countering your enemies then executing them over and over again. There are multiple supplementary weapons such as a flintlock pistol, rope and poison darts, and even trip mines that you can use to enhance the combat experience. You can also stealth your way through AC3 even though, for a game about assassins, the stealth here is absolutely abysmal and lacks basic features like being able to crouch. The fact that there are mandatory stealth missions in this game really brings out the terrible stealth system and semi-stealth eavesdropping segments are just as bad if not worse in some places. However what can help the stealth segments significantly is the AC parkour system that has been a staple of the series for as long as it's been here. In the AC games you can climb virtually anything and you can run from building to building to get where you need to be. In AC3 the world feels like it was meant to be built for you to be able to flow across the buildings but instead feels very choppy. After you counter an enemy you have three options: execute, throw, or disarm them and on some enemies you cant execute or throw them since they will end up countering you instead. Honestly the combat is pretty satisfying with the executions to make things interesting but overall even those get stale after having to do the same things over and over again. Most of the enemies in AC3 are just generic soldiers but some are actually unique and can prove to be a challenge to even the most experienced assassins. Soldiers like the Jaeger, who cannot be executed or disarmed, can prove a challenge when they are mixed in with hordes of other basic troopers. The combat here is incredibly satisfying yet repetitive and can make you either take up your blade in an adrenaline rush or turn around and run away from its repetitive nature.http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=635246750The story of AC3 does a very poor job of both drawing you in and keeping you interested as its pretty boring with no real twists and a very dissatisfying ending. The world AC3 tries to build looks amazing on the surface but once you get into it you realize that it's just the same as every other world that they've made except for the new coat of paint hastily thrown onto it. The side missions in the world of AC3 make you do things like climb across rooftops chasing pages for a book or grab feathers from a birds nest in the woods and these are so boring that they chase you away from the good side missions. Some of the better side missions are based on the Liberation system which allows you to liberate parts of each city and get a follower who can help you out in return. Both of the cities, Boston and New York, are divided into 3 areas and you have to do side missions to free the populace from British control and then finish the area off with a liberation mission. The liberation missions are typically very basic assassination missions with Connor recruiting the follower into the assassins. You can also send your recruits out on time-based missions in one of the colonies which can give you things like gold and pelts to level up your followers and make them more effective. However the problem with these missions is, as I said, they're time based. This means you have to choose which followers to send on a missions and then wait like 10 minutes for them to complete the mission and even then they could fail and make you restart. The Liberation system is really cool and all but I don't feel like it was implemented well and instead was shoehorned into the game at the last second. However, a system I feel was probably the best part of this game is the naval missions and the quest for Captain Kidd's treasure. Once you get into the game you will restore an old ship named the Aquila and become her new captain. You have around 18 normal naval missions, which involve you blowing up some ships or defending a convoy, then you have the templar missions and the hunt for Captain Kidd's treasure. You have 2 kinds of attacks on your ship: Small swivel guns to take out smaller craft, and main cannons for taking out forts or larger ships. You can also switch out your ammo from basic cannon to things like grape shot for smaller boats or chain shot for the masts. You can upgrade your ship so that you can do things like do more damage when ramming ships or gain an extra cannon so your volleys are more powerful. The naval system is very well implemented and really makes you feel like you're a badass captain and brings a break from the repetitive combat and tiring story.TL;DRAssassins Creed III is a very mediocre entry to the series bringing very little new features with it and those it does bring feel like they were shoehorned in at the last second.If you found this review helpful or entertaining then feel free to leave a comment and join my Steam Curator Group atMudkips Gaming"
76561198070625436,Recommended,208480,31289502,Posted: 21 April,all,dbcarps,"This game was fun to play.The only thing i did get bored with was the enemy A.I. The enemies unfortunately became easy toread,and their actions predictable.Otherwise,the story was good,and the ship combat was a good prelude to BLACK FLAG."
,Recommended,208480,23488380,"Posted: 10 June, 2016",all,Tekton00,"In Assassin's Creed III, players continue to follow the ancient struggle between the Assassins and the Templars through Boston, New York and the Frontier during the American Revolution. The protagonist, Ratonhnhaké:ton (commonly called Connor), is a half-Mohawk, half-British Assassin who aids historical figures including George Washington, Benjamin Frankin, and Samual Adams in their fight for freedom. Set in an open world, Assassin's Creed III offers loads of collectibles, side quests and random adventures to discover while not playing the main missions. Often times, however, the time spent outside progressing the story mars the great storytelling and fluidity of the storyline. All in all, Assassin's Creed III is great game worth playing, especially for those who enjoy a storyrich, vastly openworld game."
,Not Recommended,208480,18954710,"Posted: 8 November, 2015",all,Cybercoco,"To preface: I can't really give a full recommendation, nor outright not recommend this game. The game had a lot of potential to be great, but was held back by a considerable amount of bugs and lousy design choices. The result was a fairly mediocre game and a sloppy console port to PC.+ Nice visuals and soundtrack. The North American colonial setting is new and fresh for the series.+ Some interesting characters. Connor was a nice change of pace for a protagonist (unless you consider Desmond as the real main protagonist). The dynamics between the AC characters was good, especially the father and son relationship between Haytham and Connor and the tension that brang.+ The colonial story arc was neat for the most part. Even though it was kind of revisionist history, I can see history buffs getting somewhat of a treat with all the tid bits of history given (as well as calling out all the places the game got it wrong).+ The Desmond arc was the more interesting aspect of the story. Unfortunately, it has a weak ending.+ Desmond finally sees some action, although not a whole lot.+ Some of the new combat features were cool and aesthetically pleasing. A dual wielding assassin just seems right.+ The ability to choose between 4 different counters made combat feel more powerful as an assassin. Some people complain it was too easy, but it didn't seem like it to me. More guns in the environment made it more dangerous. Also, there was a lot more variety to the enimies than in past games that required more tactics to defeat. Definitely not a game where you can just mash the buttons and win.+ Naval combat was a new and fun feature.+ The Homestead stuff was also new and was actually worthwhile due to the ability to get the best gear in the game.+ Animus menu is vastly improved from past games. No more hypersensitive controls that make you skip where you want to go and generally frustrate the hell out of you.+ A lot more interesting recruit abilities. Unfortantely, a lot of them are pretty useless, but some are still cool and gives some variety.- This game was sloppily put together and lacks polish. There are a lot of bugs and glitches in this game. Problems with colision, randomly falling through the ground and under the world, getting stuck in objects, graphical glitch (like a good deal of rubberbanding), etc. The developers should be ashamed of themselves for releasing this game in the state it is in. Totally unacceptible.- Some very assinine design decisions that sometimes feel like they were developed by a group of r-e-t-a-r-d-e-d monkies (described in more detail below)- AC series has some of the worst controls in the industry. They tried to improves things in AC3, but failed miserably. The controls are still clunky and frustrating as hell. You'll still get those annoying instances where the character will stick to walls when running around corners or jump in totally random directions you didn't intend. In fact, I'm still debating whether they made the controls worse than past AC games or not. It's definitely still bad.- They attempted to hide the optional full sync objectives so failing wasn't so in you face (as complained about in Brotherhood and Revelations). The results was the it much easier to miss what the optional full sync objectives were, yet it was still in your face when you failed them. This just created an even more annoying experience with them.- Some of the full sync objectives were unreasonable and frustrating. One example is a naval mission that plops you in the middle of a horde of gun ships and frigates and expects you to complete it while taking less than 25% of damage. Another example is an objective to not take more then 30% damage to a pack of wolves, while only being given a fraction of a second to react to the QTE where any failure would make you take too much damage, and ranged weapons were not allowed (essentially impossible without emploiting and cheesing your way through it). It didn't seem like game balance was tested very well.- Desmond's story arc had a confusing ending that somewhat disconnected it from past games. It was a dissappointment after the build up through 5 games.- Connor's story had its issues as well with things that didn't fit all that well. The story is definitely weaker in AC3 than in other games in the series. It could've been better.- The majority of the game is filled with fluff and fillers that served more as novelties than anything fun and worthwhile.- Crafting has potential (mainly due to the ability to get the best gear in the game), but was held back by atrocous UI and controls. Needs a lot more refinement.- Convoys replace shop investments as the main source of income. Unfortanately, it's a very cumbersome and time consuming way to make income and more tedious than fun. Another poor design.- Even though the best gear is crafted, gear is mostly not worth much in this game. The vast majority of opponents are easily dispatched just by counters as one shot kills, which doesn't really account for gear. A better sword would essentially just allow you to kill disarmed enemies a little faster. Gear progression is totally wonky. Most weapons will start off as instantly obsolete. 2h weapons are pretty much worthless. The only weapon that really makes a difference is the kind of gun you have, and that only because some guns let you fire extra shots before needing to reload. Other than that, gear is nearly entirely inconsequential.- Due to the above, it feels like gear and currency just don't have a place in this game. This series is probably better with it taken out entirely. They're just unfun distractions.- Recruits feel a lot weaker in this game despite the fact that they can't die (but get injured instead). The guild menu is also clumsier to navigate.- Stealth in this game sucks. Imprecise controls makes it very frustrating. Also, inconsistent detection machanics also make for a very frustrating experience. To compound this problem, some missions require stealth and there is no options to complete certain missions (not all that open ended).- This game gives the illusion of open world, but it's not really all that open, especially during missions (this is a series issue).- And if you needed further proof that this game development was lead by idiots: the credits are atleast 15 minutes long AND CAN'T BE SKIPPED. The game inputs literally shut down during the credits, you can't do anything but watch them. You can't even exit the game without a hard shut down (which means nothing gets saved). This is by far the most assinine design decision in the history of video games!As I said before, I can't give a full recommendation, but I can't say this game is outright bad either. It's a mediocre game that had potential to be great but was held back by bad design decisions and lack of polish. I can say that after playing this game I've lost motivation to continue with this series as it seems pointless (for what it's worth). Get this game if you are following the story or are just a fan of this kind of gameplay. Stick with the main mission. You can do the naval battle, and perhaps, the homestead missions which are fairly fun, but the rest is a waste of time and not all that fun at all.Also, this game is a prime example of Ubisoft giving the PC community the finger by giving sloppy ports. Only get this when it's on sale. Ubisoft doesn't deserve full price for this game. It's not worth it."
,Not Recommended,208480,11792592,"Posted: 20 August, 2014",all,Berto,"Easily the worst Assassins's Creed till now (I'm still several games late) AC3 is the perfect epitome of a souless, corporate, grey product made by faceless people. Its a complete mess of ideas thrown together with a complete lack of harmony. It inherited the typical AC issues but added a lot more. I love History and I did enjoy the historical details and research Ubisoft puts on this series, but apart from that it was a really unpleasent experience.2/5"
,Recommended,208480,24396311,"Posted: 18 July, 2016",all,Take A Bow,"The reason why this game remains my favorite assassin's creed game is because it takes you back to our country's founding (my favorite era, both in America and in Europe). There are hardly any games out there that give this much time and devotion to this Era. You get to aid in the founding of America and see the historic events in essentially real time, like the tea party, signing of declaration or the battle of Lexington and Concord. Assassins Creed is a very good series that can actually help you learn about history. I found myself frequently looking up the real characters in the series, like Cesare Borgia, Al-Mualim (real), Machiavelli, Medici, Umberti, Benjamin Church, Piri Reis, Palaiologos, Suleiman etc10/10 for innovation and high level of historical accuracy excluding Connor."
76561197965043054,Recommended,208480,15989010,"Posted: 24 May, 2015",all,palpen,"Pros- Story- AtmosphericCons- Buggy as hell / release day bugs (learning how to work with them accepting them, and avoid the ones that is unbereable)- Ubisoft- Uplay"
,Recommended,208480,1547301,"Posted: 16 February, 2013",all,noibn,"After 5 years and 4 games, you would probably expect the 5th game in a series to be pretty close to perfect, right? Sadly, that is not the case with Assassin’s Creed III. It’s not a bad game, but it also doesn’t exactly rise to its full potential.Plot-wise, AC3 closes the book on the first major chapter in the Assassin’s Creed storyline. Although Desmond's quest concludes, the ending leaves enough unanswered questions to allow for future games (though I suspect many may feel the actual ending is a bit anticlimactic). The bulk of the game takes place in Boston and New York during the American Revolution and feels quite different from its predecessors. Part of the ""mystique"" of those games is, I believe, the unfamiliar settings. Conversely, the setting in AC3 is much more familiar to people and I think it diminishes the impact a little bit. I don’t exactly fault them for it, as I think it’s a good idea to switch things up, but just be aware that you might not get the same ""wow factor"" as from previous games.One thing that *did* bring the wow factor, at least for me, is the world they built. In addition to Boston and New York, there is also an expansive wilderness to explore. These areas are not only enormous, but visually beautiful (at least, with all the PC settings cranked to the max). Maybe I’m just an old fogey or easily impressed, but I really was amazed at what they were able to pull off technically, in terms of the environments.You play as Connor, a young Native American. He doesn’t start out as an Assassin, but comes to learn the way of the Order after a series of events lead him to discover his destiny. The character is interesting, but not as immediately likeable as Ezio. One of the annoying things about the game is how they’ve made Connor into an 18th century Forrest Gump - he always somehow happens to end up at (or play a part in) seemingly every major event leading up to and during the Revolution. I know the idea behind this series is that history isn’t exactly what we thought it was, but AC3 really stretches it to levels of absurdity.Gameplay-wise, AC3 is a lot like its predecessors (which is good), but somehow they managed to take steps backward in a number of areas. For one thing, they decided to completely change the control scheme (after spending 4 games perfecting it): combat and free-running are now handled differently (requiring a bit of time to re-learn), targeting is a mess, the weapon and map menus have been changed for the worse, and the stealth mechanics sometimes don't work at all. A lot of it just feels totally half♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ And don’t even get me started on the bugs. I can’t recall any other game I’ve played that was as buggy as AC3. I would run into a completely new bug seemingly every hour, many times having to reload checkpoints or restart in order to continue.But not everything is bad. As I said, the environments are amazing, and the gameplay is generally OK once you’ve settled into the new control scheme. So it’s more of the standard AC formula, and that’s not a bad thing (when it works). New to AC3 are naval missions, which look amazing and feature awesome water-based physics. I had fun with these bits, but I can also see how some people might get bored with them, as they are a bit repetitive. Luckily, these missions are mostly optional.Ultimately, AC3 is a good, but slightly disappointing game. Do the negatives completely ruin the experience? Not really... but it is nonetheless a disappointment when a game like this has so many rough edges. For fans of the series, it is still worth playing, especially since it concludes the story. For those who haven’t yet played an AC game, however, I would recommend starting with either AC2 or Brotherhood instead.Grade: B-Note: I don’t recommend playing any of the Assassin’s Creed games unless you have an Xbox360 controller (or equivalent-featured gamepad). The AC games have complicated control schemes and were clearly designed with controllers in mind, so proceed with mouse/keyboard at your own risk."
,Recommended,208480,28936679,Posted: 2 January,all,Tetravalence,"Not the best Assassin's Creed because of a few things. First and foremost, they tried doing what they did for ezio (three games of charecter development) in one game for Connor. It didn't work out;we did not attach to his charecter. To tell a good story, you need decent voice actors. Connors voice actors is... well... horrible. But there is a very good reason for that.You appreciate the game much more if you look into all the development that went into it. Connors voice actors sucks because he is one of very few people left in the world that speak Connors native tongue. The developers did a fantastic job at making sure as much of the game is as historically accurate as possible (Washington is where Washington was, this battle happened at this time with these people present...)while still tying in the fictional aspect.Don't get me wrong, the game is still fun, I liked the story. It's just not the best AC game. If you haven't played any AC games in the series, I strongly recommend playing Assassin's Creed 2 first (read about AC 1, as most people get bored by the repetitive gameplay)"
76561198102322832,Recommended,208480,13927138,"Posted: 10 January, 2015",all,wubaluba dabdab,Assassin's creed 3 is a very good game and i enjoy this game a lot of time so I recommend this game so buy the gameAssassin's creed 3 now !
76561198086138818,Recommended,208480,25309376,"Posted: 2 September, 2016",all,JayhawkPride,You can pet the puppies10/10
,Recommended,208480,26597314,"Posted: 14 November, 2016",all,FIFR!KE,"Hi all. Today I will talk about the game Assassin's Creed III. I think the best game in the series that I review will try to tell you why. Let's start with the plot. The story I liked very much, it has everything for this game, great plot twists. Holes in the plot I was watching. Graphics/great Gameplay for games of that year, however, in one of the missions was a bug with the hair of Connor. The game also written a great soundtrack. The ending of the game is great, however, killed the main character of the series, that broke the series in my opinion. Overall the game is excellent and I advise everyone to play it. Besides the main missions, the game is available for many additional missions. Search for treasure, travel in the sea, to improve his estate, to liberate the city and to recruit new assassins. However, these missions are not so easy, but for them, you will get a good reward and enhance synchronization. This game changed the parkour, it was much better. My assessment of this game.The plot - 10/10.Graphics/Gameplay - 8/10.Soundtrack - 10/10.Parkour 9/10[RU]Всем привет. Сегодня я расскажу об игре Assassin's Creed III. Я считаю игру лучшей в серии, я в обзоре попытаюсь рассказать почему. Итак, начнем с сюжета. Сюжет мне очень сильно понравился, в нём есть всё для этой игры, отличные повороты сюжета. Дыр в сюжете я не наблюдал. Графика/Геймплей отличны для игры того года, однако в одной из миссий был баг с волосами Коннора. К игре так же написан отличный саундрек. Концовка игры отлична, однако убили главного героя серии, что и сломало серию, по моему мнению. В целом игра отличная и я всем советую в неё поиграть. Помимо основных миссий, в игре доступно множество дополнительных миссий. Искать сокровища, путешествовать в море, улучшать своё поместье, освобождать города и вербовать новых ассассинов. Однако эти миссии не так уж и легки, но за них вы получите хорошую награду и повысить синхронизацию. В этой игре был изменен паркур, он стал намного лучше. Мои оценки этой игре.Сюжет - 10/10.Графика/Геймплей - 8/10.Саундрек - 10/10.Паркур - 9/10"
,Recommended,208480,33132793,Posted: 2 July,all,♰Noxah✨Nukem♰,Ubisoft did good on this one.
76561198034123494,Not Recommended,208480,15077359,"Posted: 27 March, 2015",all,Big Boss,"I have been playing for 10hours now... nothing much happened, the story seems weak. I don't feel any connection to the characters, nothing interesting to do, feels like i am doing random missions without any importance. Running around, feeling lost in a beautiful rendered open world.Annoyances like Why the x am I collecting feathers for? Oh yeah, accomplishments, so you can finish the game 100%... why the x am I tapping e e e e e to remove a log of burning wood... how challenging... and glitches, character's limbs stretching out like crazy when dying, flying around after dying, invisible horse carts, stuck after riding with horse cart, etc...I loved the first AC, but this one really dissapoints me. Well, I am really trying to force myself to continue this game, as I have read in some review that this is only the tutorial part... and it will be better...hopefully, fingers crossed.Totally not recommending this game at this point... really really hope it will be better afterwards..."
,Recommended,208480,30404972,Posted: 9 March,all,pharmartist,"Truth to be told, I forgoted this gem when I bought it few years later.Done the first missions... never get to connor... all seemd mehhhhh....Start playing black flag then unity and then sydicate. After a while even bought rogue. But this one seemed not so polished. I WAS WRONG. Sure u need sweetfx to clean all the milky, maybe a bit color more too... but DAMN, the game is real open, real great. De voices, acting, story, side story, crafting, upgrading... everything is neat.Doesn't seem old, nor buggy, except for one mission messing with menus when MUST NOT use your mouse; and de fact u kant use veryhigh ambient quality or my frames drops to somewhat unacceptable even a monster laptop. But U kan not notice the difference anyway.BUt the rest.... it's long... complex... rewarding.... I gave good reviews to blackflack for exemple but the fisrt time i took the ship in this one I feelt something epic. Don't know...music, more compeling charathers... They spent sure a lot of time making this one.and they've done it."
,Recommended,208480,964587,"Posted: 4 March, 2013",all,ldarino,"Сюжетная игра:ассассин третий, это мост - от очень интересной игры (2часть), с глубокой атмосферой, в обычную бессмысленную бродилку (начиная с юнити). сама третья часть понравилась, но это игра на 1 раз.Мультиплеер:Но тут очень интересный мультиплеер, который стал класикой, его будет трудно повторить разработчикам., возможно поэтому в последующих частях его уже нет., в четвертой части добавлено много красивостей в мультиплеере, но всеже возможностей больше именно в третьей части"
,Recommended,208480,16293241,"Posted: 10 June, 2015",all,Adrielputra58,"Assassin's Creed III involves a new gameplay mechanic different from its predecessors. The new counter system and enemies' reaction are revamped. The combat are somewhat more difficult at first, but is very easy when you already mastered it and know the type of enemies you'd face. The freerun technique also differs slightly and includes new animations. The graphics of the game is great, one of the best in its time. Also, there are lots of new weapons in the game, ranging from muskets, tomahawks, pivot hidden blades, gun stocks, rope darts, flintlocks, etc. The game is by far one of the most brutal in the series; expect to see more blood and combat in the game. Fists also have new combat mechanics and are deadlier than ever. For the story, it is told in a fun way and will put you in twists and expectations.Pros:-New Combat System (Counter, Enemy Type, etc.)-New Animations (Brutal Combat, Freerun, etc.)-Weapons and Tools (Guns, Rope Darts, etc.)-Story-Graphics-Side Missions and Contents (Lots of Them)-Pivot Hidden Blades-Assassinations using ANY TYPE of Weapon-Present Day Missions-Crafting (Items, Pouches, Custom Weapons, etc.)-Map Area (Frontier)-Naval CombatCons:-Some Bugs (not Game Crashers)-Uplay Integration (Might be a difficulty on some occasions)-Plain Present Day Resolution-Lack of Optimizations in some part of Map (Boston Mostly)-Some Lags and Frame Rate Issues (not hardware problem)-Can't Kill Civilians Freely (Only using Precision Mode to able Kill Civilians)Overall Score: 8.9/10"
,Recommended,208480,11996596,"Posted: 6 September, 2014",all,Galathrun,A great game for people who likes jump and run combined with great and brutal battles
,Recommended,208480,23644217,"Posted: 18 June, 2016",all,FluffyPusheen,Great game if you get it on a sale. The gameplay is great and it also introduced the ship battles that most people liked so much in Assassin's creed Black Flag. For some reason people keep saying that the 3rd game is what made Assassin's Creed bad but overall it is still good. The other AC games I've played were on console and this was the only one on PC and I can say that sometimes there are bugs but very minor. The only real bad thing about this game is thaf you have to get Uplay.Now to the story. It starts off as a bit boring but gets good once you move further into the game. Overall this is a great game that can make you happy while playing it.Pros:Great gameplayNormal story (continued from the first 2)Introduced ship battlesCons:Sometimes you'll encounter a bug sometimes you don't.Uplay.
,Recommended,208480,20277795,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,CheezFace,"Assassin's Creed III is a game in the Assassin's Creed series (of course :P) and follows a Native American named Ratonhnhaké:ton and for part of the story follows Haytham Kenway, who is visiting the Colonies from Britain (note: the game is based during the American Revolutionary War so late 1700s). The game has a story that I liked and hated at the same time, but I would suggest it to everyone :) I enjoy the combat thought it can get repetitive very quickly, though it's fun to jump around on buildings using a bow to stealthily take out enemies. I may only have 35+ hours on PC but I played a ton on the PS3 and I'm guessing 150+ hours of just playing around looking for chestsPros: A diverse amount of weapons to use on enemiesHuntingLarge amount of land to explore (3 different sections of land, Boston, New York, and the Frontier with winter/summer visuals)Small amount of ship missions (destroying ships)Large amount of side missionsA HUGE amount of ""homestead"" missionsFellow assassins that can be called upon or sent away to different states to do tasks which provide money, selling materials, etcCrafting is possible with things such as larger quivers, etcCons: Repetitive very quicklyDifferent appearances? Nope, just recolorsHunting can get boring quickly though is a great source of incomeExperiences with the ship are limitedAll in all, Assassin's Creed 3 is a great game that I would suggest when it's on sale, and though I haven't tried any games further up the series, I'd try those first."
76561198057575998,Recommended,208480,12237263,"Posted: 25 September, 2014",all,Pandelis,"Assassin’s Creed III is in actuality two games. The first game, starts with a beautiful, well-orchestrated, intriguing and delightful sequence, which takes you from the Opera to the colonies, following the game’s most interesting character: Haytham Kenway. During these first sequences, you control a character with, well, character. The feeling of the age is given very nicely and the world-wise and confident Haytham is a good match to anyone who has played the AC series. It pauses at the end of sequence 4, after having skillfully introduced the next character, to give way to the second game.The second game, which gives you lots of things to do and follows the life of Connor, and his tutelage and eventual success at stopping the Templars, has the unfortunate feeling of being somewhat disconnected. There is lots to do, from trapping animals to fighting naval battles, from trading to building up the homestead, all the time collecting “energy sources” in present day to power up “the temple” and see what there is. The problem with all of this is that you control a character that starts, justifiably, naïve but does not develop into what you hope and falls way short of his far more interesting father. Surrounded by the most ridiculous rendition of naval warfare, the proverbially stupid guards and a background story that has lost all track, the game goes on to the very end with just a bit too much to do and a bit too little to say.Ironically, AC III’s top two moments are probably after its main story is done, with Connor’s meeting with the old man in his village, and the criticism on the days after the American revolution, on how to make money by selling land you don’t own, and on how there is little difference over who rules.AC III is by no means a bad game. It has improved in all technical areas and the things you can do are really enjoyable and mostly well executed. As always, guards could be more intelligent, to add realism and depth to the game and bullets should kill you but, those things aside, the game delivers well in most areas – it is just a bit all over the place story-wise."
,Not Recommended,208480,367358,"Posted: 12 December, 2012",all,Fart of Presto,"I will probably never play an Assassin's Creed game again after having finished AC3.This game a bad on so many levels:- It took over 5 hours for the tutorial to end.- Even then, whenever something intersting starts, you get a cut scene- In fact most of the game feels like a cut scene- There is a constant barrage of fact box pop-ups about all kinds places and persons involved in the Revolutionary War. My guess is twice as much info as all the other games together.- There is an endless amount of fetch quests/side missions, and in one area, there is only a few fast travel stations, so it's up on your horsie and ride towards sunset for a couple of hours.- The minigames are dreadful. Two or was it three boardgames and bocce. Why?- Unless you upgrade your ship right away, the naval missions are a pain to play as the ship is almost impossible to control. Also you are forced to play a naval mission three times. In AC:Rev you could at least skip the tower defense after the tutorial.- The story is long winded and filled to the brim with people who just keep yakking about this and that. And just when you think they are done, they keep going on and on. My guess is there is a failed screenwriter or two on the team - and there is a reason why they never got a career going in movies.- The protagonist has the personality of a wet paperbag and the intelligence of a turnip.- In fact I can't remember a single character from the game that I thought was funny or awesome. The ""heroes"" are non-descript and the bad guys are.. well, they are there but that's it.- I just ignored the present day scenes, which sadly took up a great deal of time at the end.- Oh and I had time to take a dump during the end credits (unskippable - the credits and the dump!) and was still able to get back and get bored by them. I would guess 15 minutes of text crawl.So the conclusion to my 70 hours in Assassins' Creed 3 country:There are a few hours of enjoyment when you jump around on rooftops, but other than that, it's just a very boring and very bad, although extremely pretty game.Stay away until it's on sale."
76561198251533580,Recommended,208480,22170772,"Posted: 31 March, 2016",all,RockStarWolf14,"It is one of the best video games of the year, one of the most daring developed by a major studio this generation, and one of the most beautiful to ever run on any machine. It stumbles from some awkward glitches and some game design over-reach, but it is superb in a surprising number of small ways. Refreshingly, it is a game about America that doesn't settle for simple fictions when the uncomfortable truths about the United States' history would be more interesting.ACIII packs surprises big and small, veers away from habits of the older games, and looks a hell of a lot better than them, too, thanks to a new graphics engine. All things considered, it winds up perhaps not as refined as Assassin's Creed Brotherhood, but far more satisfying and well-crafted than the rough draft of Assassin's Creed 1. Connor may not have Ezio's flair, but he has a game that rivals the quality of the Italian's trilogy. Cautious consumers might want to wait for the inevitable subsequent patches, but those who don't mind a few cosmetic bugs should have no fear. This is a great game."
76561198271073237,Recommended,208480,26106777,"Posted: 18 October, 2016",all,FadetoGrey,"+Good map, wildlife, forests, cities. Nature scenes.+Good characters (lee, haytham, all)+Different and attractive story.-As almost every ubisoft game, very short story compared to huge map. Ends faster than expected. You can play only story and not even do any side missions or exploration, or recruit assasins. Game never stimulates player to do these.-Few musics, Same musics almost every mission, Bad for atmosphere."
,Recommended,208480,24711619,"Posted: 4 August, 2016",all,Syndicate_,"Assassin's creed 3 follows Connor (Ratonhnhaké:ton) kenway. He is half indian half british.First of all i'm a huge fanboy of ac. So i think even unity was okay. so all of this is my opinion. And i know a lot of you have a differnt opinion about this game.Story:I think that Connor's story is unique in this franchise. And that it's very, very good. I'm a HUGE fan of the series. And i played this game 2 times now. ( the 30 hours i played was only one playthrough! And i still have only 44% completion)Desmond's story is also amazing!gameplay:Since the you know have a frontier you can parkour in trees! You can still acces rooftops in New York and Boston. The combat has changed. It's really has a different vibe. Connor can use a sword, tomahawk or a club. He can also use some more weapons but i don't remember. Connor also possess a robe dart. He can use it to let his enemies come closer or to hang them (wich looks amazing!). Connor also has a bow, a gun and bait and a trap. He can also use trap mines. however, i never used them. Hunting is a way to  earn money. You can explore the frontier and hunt for animals. It works very good. Instead of what ac 4 did (they let us see the area where an animal lived) You know had to find the animals in the frontier to add this information to your map.graphics:This game came out in 2012. So the graphics aren't stunning anymore. However, this game looks better on my pc than ac 4 because i just can't run ac4 on anything above medium. I just can't.Verdict:I would recommend this game to most people. Assassin's creed is an amazing franchise (imo). If you enjoyed ac1, brotherhood ,revelations, 4, rogue , unity or syndicate, you're gonna like this game."
76561198171238315,Recommended,208480,18480843,"Posted: 15 October, 2015",all,danstew23,"Gee, where do I start? OK, maybe like this... AC III has some kind of a bad reputation, yet I enjoyed the game a lot, and was positively surprised  by how much I liked it.Before I go on, two disclaimers: I am a fan of the AC franchise, have played all titles, and am now in the process of playing through all of them in chronological order. So before I even got to III, I did play through AC, ACII, Brotherhood, and Revelations.Disclaimer 2: I have not had any issues with uplay. I am able to start and play all Ubisoft games I own (mostly AC-titles) through it, and the client works. I run it as an admin and have allowed my firewall to let uplay access the net. The ONLY problem I had was that for a few days now, uplay would lose connection to the server. Which isnt really a problem though, as I can still start the games, and savegames and stuff is saved locally, and once you get to connect again, will be updated online.Now, lets get to the game. It brought a lot of nice changes to the franchise. To me, what stood out most were the changes to combat and freerunning. Freerun now feels a bit more ""controlled"", smoother and ""safer"". It seems to be more ""intelligent"", even though ofc you still will have a few accidents =) However, I felt much more in control during chases and travelling than I did with older AC games.Disadvantage: Freerunning through forests doesnt feel as...immersive or fun as doing that in a town like Florence, Rome or Constantinople. I found it hard sometimes to see the actual ""routes"" through the trees, and in town, Ubisoft seems to have wanted to discourage being on roofs 90% of the time, as there are a lot of guards up there who will attack quickly. So in ACIII, I spent a LOT of time on the ground.COmbat is harder at first, especially if you were used to the fighting-style of older games. However, once you get the hang of it, it gets much easier, and it still is possible to take on big groups of mobs. Whats important is: You NEED to block a lot. Whenever the indicator (red triangle) comes up, hit your circle-key (I played this, like all other ACs, with an Xbox controller for PC), hold that button and decide how to counter after blocking.You need to learn which counter works for which mob. The axe-wielding stronger mobs will hurt you if you try to counterkill, so you need to disarm. Basic mobs can easily be counter-killed. The grey-red-dressed british soldiers (strong) can be counter-killed too.No health-potions here. YOu are stuck with the health you get at the beginning, and at first, it was a turn-off, but becomes much more fun.Weapon wise, the bow is added, plus the rope-dart. The latter has a cool mechanic, where you can drop enemies to the floor to execute them, or hang animals. Still, I didnt use this too much, but used the bow a lot...its ACIIIs crossbow, for silent, ranged kills.Stealth works... ok. Its not always easy to see where to stealth, but both hiding in towns and the forest works, and I did like this mechanism, sneaking up on victims.The township you build doesnt provide you with a ton of cool upgrades or anything. Armor upgrades arent in game, and the weapons I found recipes for werent an upgrade either. You can fill your ammunition with crafted items, plus increase the amount of ammo (smoke bombs, arrows, poison darts etc).What you CAN do though is earn a ton of money, and I recommend to work on that a bit, as you want to upgrade your ship. At first, the naval battles (which ARE fun!) felt forced into it, it didnt make much sense. However, you can lower the risk on routes for your naval convoys and later, you will do some ship-missions to progress the story, so getting upgrades is helpful.I earned most money selling furs, both the ones I hunted for myself, and those my homestead huntress got for me. I bought them off of her and sold them via convoys, and once I had ship convoys, I easily made like 20-30K pounds every hour or so.There are a lot of homestead missions, which can be distracting, but they are quick, and I liked the characters.Which leads me to the big one for me- Connor. So many people seem to dislike him, calling him uninteresting and bland. IMO, he isn't. It makes sense he behaves the way he does. His mother was a bit like that as well... very dry humor, very no-nonsense, and it seems to be right in line with Connors behaviour. He is different because he has a different past. He is no Italian noble, woman-hunting, brawling, like Ezio was. He is a native american with a british dad, who watched his village burn early on, and then went out to fulfill his mission in the outside world among all these other people.He is from a different culture, and is more of a silent, determined, focused kinda guy. And there are some quite funny situations where his deadpan delivery makes for funny dialogues (for example the missions with his father later in the game).The story was quite cool, and you start to hate Lee, one of the main antagonists. It all comes to a satisfying end eventually. Keep in mind that you DONT HAVE TO DO all of the side-stuff. Many people say the game felt grindy, but I left out most of the side-stuff, only did naval battles and homestead missions, and focused on the story missions, and it didnt feel grindy at all.However, Ubisoft AGAIN managed to drag it out way too much in the end. I hated that, in Brotherhood, you beat the game with Ezio, did all these amazing things, kill the bad guy..and then there is a long parcour-riddle with Desmond. Frustrating, it felt like ""Guys, I beat this game, why do I now have to do more jumping riddles"".The Desmond-parts in the earlier game can be fun, but the end is horribly dragged out. TOo many cut-scenes, the lack of a UI (Desmond doesnt have one, of course) made it even more confusing, so even though the story of Desmond ends here, it wasnt a perfect ending.I enjoyed the game a lot, I did like Connor and the other characters (and once you learn where Achilles got Connors name from, and see his reaction, you might change your opinion on him being bland), liked the game-play, the missions, hunting, crafting/trading (even though the menus of the accounting book were rather... clunky).Altogether - 9/10Pros:- Great graphics- Cool story/missions- Nice updates to old mechanics, like the freerunning and combat- Naval battles- I liked Haytham and COnnor- Nice to visit colonial NYC and Boston, and learn about stuff from the database- Some nice and creative writing (prison, the hanging etc.)Cons:- The ending =/ Way too dragged out.- Music was...ok. Nothing memorable, other than one of the main-themes being a total rip-offof ""Requiem For A Dream""- Menu of the accounting book is too clunky to navigate a lot"
,Recommended,208480,7903575,"Posted: 3 December, 2013",all,DesperagoN,"The game is so and so, i m a big fan of the AC series and was expecting sth more from this title.. The combat system is by far the best until now (havent try the Black Flag yet) really enjoyable.. But the side quests are boring and don't motivate you to play throught them.the crafting system is so hard to undesrtand , i dont know what to do...also the mansion is fairly made, with mo much options for upgrates like the past titles...also the huge frame drops in big cities makes the pc runs out of power...anyway i played it only for the story so i di the main quest and i rrushed through it up to 15-18 hours..also the dlc with upgrates doesnt even arent visible at all, the make no real contribution to the game,,, also after it i go so bored and i dont want to play the George wasinghton DLC , which maybe be good ,, but i dont know.. still the main story is fine, i liked it a lot but dont buy the DLC stay with the main game in summer sales or sth.. this is the opinion of a man who played aall the ac from 1 up  to revelations..."
,Not Recommended,208480,35284554,Posted: 28 September,all,☠WhiteBeard⚜BlackWolf☠,"Assassin's Creed III is an okay game, like every other Assassin's Creed titles, it's nothing great but nothing bad either, it has a great story, that's it.So what's bad about it?I'll get directly to the point, Uplay and Ubisoft.Uplay is one of the worse crap I ever encountered in my life, seriously, what the heck is this ****!?The reflection of incompetence and stupidness.Apart all of its problems, the one I found the most annoying is that I recently lost my saves, Uplay cloud? What cloud? Does that crap even works?Oh well, I have backed up my saves, I'll use them and.... Damaged saved games? Oh well, after 50 hours?...Seriously, I hope that Ubisoft will go bankrupt soon and that there will be something done about that crappy DRM.And honestly, you guys at Ubisoft should check up your brain 'cause it is actually your brain that is damaged.8/10 for the story.7.5/10 for the game itself.-10/10 for both Uplay and Ubisoft."
76561198112258183,Not Recommended,208480,12459500,"Posted: 11 October, 2014",all,Lynx,"A store page of this game have only warning about 3rd-party EULA (""Requires agreement to a 3rd-party EULAeula_208480"") but no warning about 3rd-party DRM (Ubisoft Uplay) unlike store pages of other AC's games. But AC3 do requires Uplay too. So if you don't want to buy a game with 3rd-party DRM, stay far far away from AC3 !"
,Recommended,208480,20314483,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,Matthew (マシュー),"A very underated assassins creed game and in my opinion one of the best. The setting of the american revolution is one of the most interesting setting in the assassins creed franchise compared to the ones that came before this, this is the only one where I felt as though I could actually connect to what was going on and that made the game all the better. Connor the main character is someone a lot of people say was a boring protagonist but to me he felt like someone I could relate to and had true feelings rather than ones that were just engineered by the games creators."
,Recommended,208480,7919188,"Posted: 4 December, 2013",all,Geoff Oscar Bluth,"Say, for example, you like shouting at people. Or perhaps you had an emo phase in high school and are pining to go back to those days when you could act like a pessimistic♥♥♥♥♥♥to everyone with little to no repercussions. And say that currently, your video game habit has destroyed all your real life relationships, and you don't have family to shout at or a social circle to discuss with how♥♥♥♥♥♥the world is any more? Then step on in to the assassin themed boots of Connor Kenway. Shout at people! Act sad! Pat a dog! Find Charles Lee! Shoot a horse! (Horses are dumb, am I right? Look at their legs, wtf?) Climb trees! Fall out of trees! Assassin a man! Wear a hat! Drive a boat! Stab a bear! Hate your dad!So much to do. What a great game."
,Not Recommended,208480,11076333,"Posted: 4 July, 2014",all,SASq,"Big step back of the all AC2 series ... OK you have some new things (ship, hunting, trade) to do and ofc i like it … BUT …  do you think it have mater when all other is so crappy? Controls are weird on some places (you fall down, cant do catching right, cant make the jump, you go to other direction of that you want), AI beat you or block all of your hits no matter what combo you try, guards pop-up from nowhere after you kill all (that was my favorite, because i have limit of kills :) ), too much restriction in the missions (i just cant get why is need to be cut the player style … after all it have so many options and weapons to do the kills and I need to follow some restrictions), trade is a bit weird too and it have  need of improvement and not at last place is a STORY :) … I never feel so bored with AC :(It is just game for hardcore fans … all other will be a bit disappointment and it is not the game Assassin’s Creed I like in first place :("
,Recommended,208480,8739525,"Posted: 17 January, 2014",all,Terly,"I really don't get why people dislike this. The only reason I've found people don't like it is cause they changed out Ezio - but that doesn'T change the fact that the game has fun gameplay, gripping story (with some historical accuracy to boot) and lovely visuals.Also, a major WTF moment, those are rare for me in games. 4/5."
,Recommended,208480,9070719,"Posted: 12 February, 2014",all,Epox,"Not the best in the series.I can only recommend this if you are really invested in the ""Desmond"" storyline from the previous games, and even then this game has to be 75 off.Its bland.The main character is boring and void of personality, and none of the other characters are very interesting.The story is very slow and just not interesting or even entertaining, the ""future"" bits of the story were more engaging than the animus segments.The open world maps are big in size but small in content, and tedious to traverse, there is a fast travel system but it only works on certain points on the map.The ""best"" method of travel is by horse, and the controls are clunky and awkward, the horse will get stuck at times because it cant step over a ♥♥♥♥ing tiny rock, but it can jump over big fences.The sidequests are usually kinda boring as well.There is a hunting and crafting system in the game, but its boring half♥♥♥♥♥♥♥and feels pointless.This game is also buggy, not in the crashy or laggy sense, as far as i have seen, but gameplay wise its awkward, npcs will get stuck in objects and the enviroment, freerunning that makes you go all over the place and just doesnt feel right.The game also feels half♥♥♥♥♥♥♥and i had a couple of cutscenes with no lip-syncing.Now this makes the game sound horrible, so lets talk about the positives.The ""homestead"" mechanic was enjoyable, i know that Assassins Creed 2 had a similar system with Monteriggioni(sp?) but it feels better in this one with characters and sidequests, granted the characters werent amazing or anything, but they were entertaining.The combat feels fluid and kinda fun, a little easy and it makes you feel like an unstoppable killing machine capable of slaughtering entire armies of puny little soldiers while their women lament, is that a positive or a negative? Depends on the person.The ship combat is amazing though, it will make you jump in your seat, and make you feel engaged.I cant say much about the Washington DLC because i had a game-breaking glitch after 30-40 minutes and i had to start all over, so i decided to give in to apathy and just say ""♥♥♥♥ it"".All in all?4.5/10 if you can get it cheap and you like the Assassins Creed franchise its worth a buy."
,Recommended,208480,29165411,Posted: 10 January,all,firsou,"Assassin's Creed III is the third main installment in the Assassin's Creed series. It features a new engine (AnvilNext) as well as a complete new set of animations and new assets. It is therefore a fresh new start in the series, with a new protagonist and yet still delivering the same narrative style and continuin the story of the previous games.The AnvilNext engine was promoted for its ability to display enormous crowds, making the game's open world and cities feel much more alive. Additionally, it allows the game to display a great number of soldiers making historic battles (Battle of Bunker Hill, etc) much more believable. At least, that's what was stated during the promotional campaign.The truth is that the developers have delivered on their promise when it comes to displaying civilians around the cities of Boston or New York, however, the main instance where you are actually seeing a legitimate battle taking place, at the Battle of Bunker Hill, is a joke.Yes, there are quite a bit of NPCs rendered, however, they feel very static and the interaction is very limited, they are displayed on the background and you do not get to have a significant part in the action.Next up, we have the infamous combat system of the AC games. If you are looking for a skill based combat which will challenge you throughout your experience, this is not it. It is based upon button mashing and counter kills. I don't think it is that much of a turnoff, but for some people it might be very boring and repetitive if not distracting.I do not think AC3 is a bad game, there obviously was quite a bite of effort and love put into it, however I have a couple of main problems with it.1 - The TutorialI have never seen a longer tutorial in a game before. It literally takes about 5-7 hours to compelete the entire sequences of the game which are designed to form the protagonist into the skilled Assassin he is meant to become. However, you might think that this might be dentrimental to his development as a character. Worry not, most of these sequences are simply narrated cutscenes in which you have no possible control over. Plainly said, the game is way too slow in its beginning.2 - The StoryThe story of this game is just not believable. Part of me thinks the game as a whole and especially towards the end was extremely rushed. The dialogues are bland and way too random. I cannot count the amount of Ex Machinas in this game in order to drive the narrative forward, such as random characters giving an answer to a plot point. The protagonist is annoying, and the main redeeming factor of the story is that the modern day elements of this particular AC games are actually very well executed and quite enjoyable.All in all, AC3 is not a bad game and for its current price it deserves a try and you might find it quite fun. But do not expect a masterpiece.6.5/10."
,Recommended,208480,19573421,"Posted: 8 December, 2015",all,AccidentlyOnPurpose,"7.9/10 - Out of the first 5, enjoyed this leastI have to give it thumbs up because its a good game. If you never played AC you would love it, if you have played you may still. Things are just changing too much, fighting controls are much more dumbed down. Only attack and deflect really. All about timing. Previous AC you could get into some rag-tag battles and win with a variety of moves.Each time I feel as though they focus on the story less and more on the city upkeep, weapon upgrades etc. Also, there used to be more variety on how you could complete a mission. This game makes you stand in the right spot otherwise you fail the mission.Worth $10-15 if you like vamped up stealth version of AC.Accidently ReviewedWas this review helpful or maybe even not helpful? Either way join this group for more. Free Keys and Reviews weekly!Steam Group: AccidentlyReviewed"
,Recommended,208480,8349704,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,Saiga,I recommend this game however this is the weakest in the Series and lacks the excitement of previous games the protagonist is dull and bland. The start of the game is a lot of handholding and is super slow. The best part of this game is the ship battles I'd recommend getting this game but only when it’s on sale really lackluster compared the other games.  Also I’d recommend the Tyranny of Washington DLC.
76561198043994050,Recommended,208480,31922509,Posted: 23 May,all,~Ki~ the Pink Dreamer,I like this game. I like the storyline and how two intertwine.
,Recommended,208480,2458716,"Posted: 16 July, 2013",all,xLuckless,"""Hold E to skip cutscene"""
,Not Recommended,208480,35095300,Posted: 20 September,all,Sonicjms,Latest patch f***ed up my save file
76561198016229633,Recommended,208480,7959580,"Posted: 7 December, 2013",all,Bandit,One of the best games of the year
,Recommended,208480,23528182,"Posted: 12 June, 2016",all,SzalonyKurczak,Optimalization in Boston and other cities isn't good but I like this game and main character.
76561198011965365,Recommended,208480,29799356,Posted: 9 February,all,Saint Aaron,"This is by far the most visually pleasing game in the assassins creed series.With a wide map and different seasons, it pleases the eyes.The story follows the life of Ratonhaketon.This game is the first in the series that actually made it feel like it was open world.Of course, the others are also open world, but the things you can do are limited.In this game however, there are lots of things to do that are interesting, like hunting animals for instance.The difficulty is not hard.It is normal most of the time.Combat mechanisms have been slightly improved.The new animations during fight sequences makes it much more interesting to fight.This is in my opinion very different from the other games in the series, but is is very good nonetheless."
,Recommended,208480,33111383,Posted: 1 July,all,Lotion In Motion,"The leader of a group of redcoats shoved me for no reason when I was just standing around, so I slaughtered him and everyone who was following him."
76561198026658583,Recommended,208480,14533872,"Posted: 18 February, 2015",all,Robert,"Note: Possible spoilers ( not story wise but in terms of game elements i.e. fighting mechanics that you may not want to know beforehand)This game as far as Assassin's Creed games go is not the best but it has its up and quite a few of them as well.This game, in my opinion, was the last Assassin's Creed game that actually does the title justice. If you are a die-hard Assassin's creed fan as i am then you will enjoy this game. It has a great story an even better gameplay. They added to the fight mechanics that made it alot smoother and even the parkour was revamped.The story was good. I loved it. It kept you on your toes while still staying true to the history of the events in the Assassin's Creed style we know and love. I definately learned a thing or two about American history and I found it very interesting. The story actually follows the Assassin's rather than say a pirate that touches slighly on the Assassin's and only half way through the game. The twists and turns that the story adds make it quite enjoyable as, even though the story can get a tad predictable, you are never completely certain of the comming events. If you are looking for a game that doesn't end as soon as you press play then this is a good one being slightly on the longer side. I have finnished the game and have 31 hours of gameplay time. I did however take my time with the game and I recommend you do too. If you love history then you probably love Assassin's Creed and if you love Assassin's Creed then this is a must play.The movement and fighting mechanics have been improved since previous games. For one you can now vault over obsticles rather that having to climb on it and jump off it. Also when being persued by angry red coats you can evade them by running through buildings. This adds and exciting element. It is borderline Hollywood effects but the game can pull it off. Then there is the tree climbing. Never before have we seen this an an Assassin's game and it just makes things fit perfectly. It aids the story along and helps give the charaters a more immersed feel. The combat has also been revamped with the addition of double takedowns and human shields. This make the game fun to play and leaves you awe struck when you pull off your first double takedown and it doesn't lose it touch. Time and time again I found myself purposely just blocking attacks and waiting for the chance to pull off one of these deadly manuvers. The human shield was added, I presume, to combat the newly added guns man. Though guns have been seen before we have never seen them on this level. When 4 gunmen line up to fire you have no chance of running nor can you attack then all before being shot so the use of human shields is almost mandatory. Overall i love the new mechanics.The naval combat in this game i feel is the best I have seen. I prefer it to the naval base game of Assassin's creed 4 and though not as exciting and in depth the simplicity make for an all round better expirience. I found myself wanting to keep getting naval contracts and when I finally completed then all I couldn't help but feel dissapointed.The game however is not the best of the series and so i would not recommend it as a first time Assassin's game. Rather go for 2 or brotherhood. The game does have a few down sides. The voice acting leaves alot to be disired to be honest. The majority of the characters have pretty good voice acting but Connor unfortutely sound very monotone and boring to listen too. His voice just lacks that depth that make dialogue all the more interesting to listen too.Further the upgrade system, though there, is not really needed. I played the entire game without buying a new sword or gun. In previous game the upgrade played an intergral role as enemies got stronger and increased in number and so better armour was needed and better weapons needed to fend off the stronger attacks from bigger enemies. I would have loved to see an upgrade system that you want to use. This however is by no means a gamebreaker and doesn't take away from the story one bit.And thus I get to the end of this review. If you have made it this far I applaud you I truely do. This wall 'o text is by no mean quick to read. I hope that this has helped those that are on the fence about buying the game. I was for a while and have never regretted getting it. Is it worth paying full price. I thinks thats up to you to decide. I bought in on sale and so I feel it is well worth what i paid for it. I know that this game went above and far beyond my expectatations for it."
,Recommended,208480,2510201,"Posted: 10 April, 2013",all,=UWS= Oo-Nomad-oO,"A very slow start but when it opens up this is a great chapter in the Assassin's Creed saga. Great visuals, good combat mechanics and the free running has been adjusted now to enable climbing of trees and rockfaces. If your an AC fan, your gonna love it. Recommended!"
76561198055473075,Recommended,208480,11147025,"Posted: 9 July, 2014",all,Old Daud,cute assassins
,Not Recommended,208480,32273950,Posted: 8 June,all,Farsight,"I wasn't initially going to key up a review for the game, since after five years anyone who wanted to play it has probably already done so, still I couldn't move onto Liberation without first expressing my discontent with it's predecessor.The biggest issue was with the bugs and crashes, after five years I'd have thought such things would have been patched up, but alas they persist.Lockpicking was another big concern.  I've seen lockpicking in a lot of games, but Assassin's Creed III does the worst job of pulling it off.  Too many times it would glitch out, not that things were much better when it was working as intended.  The whole thing was too sensitive and percise, and then too chaotic towards the end.  I'd much rather of held a button for 3 seconds or pressed a button to view an automated lockpicking animation.Horse riding.  The whole thing was so contradictory, it seemed like the horse could casually leap over things that it should struggle with, while the smallest of obstacles would block it's path, and then there's all the nonsense with trying to shoot while riding.I can't recommend the game in it's current state, but after five years of neglect, it's current state is it's finished state, so I guess I'll never be able to recommend the game.If you're just now picking up the Assassin's Creed series and are playing through them, you may wish to just watch a cutscenes video instead and skip over this one and save yourself the aggrivation."
,Not Recommended,208480,10209474,"Posted: 23 May, 2014",all,FrontRUSSIAN,(SPOILERS) dont read this review if you dont like spoilersGame tells us story of stupid guy and his name is connor but its not his real name Ratonhnhaké:ton and and he is just assassin wanna be.  But first game will let us play as Connor dad who is total badass. Just think you are at the bar talking to a hot girl and she wants to come to your home but then when you get home and she is starting to get naked you see a♥♥♥♥♥♥This is how assassins creed 3 feels like . first its great but then Connor comes and kills all awesome characters. HE EVEN KILLS HIS BEST FRIEND !!!! ♥♥♥♥ YOU CONNOR !!!
,Recommended,208480,10116049,"Posted: 14 May, 2014",all,Doomtack,"A Vast improvement over the other games in the series. While continuing the excellent story line.This game is full of amazing detail in every aspect; Story, Graphics, ambiance, environment, sound and more.I would recommend this for the mere fact that it is always fun to play, and there's just so much to do in it.Just finished ""The Tyranny of Washington"" DLC, and it's a must play if you enjoyed AC3. It also seems to set up AC4 in a minor way, but excellent story driven DLC however."
76561198038510108,Recommended,208480,11915122,"Posted: 29 August, 2014",all,Harbinger,I turned into an eagle and shanked Benjamin Franklin. Then I turned into a bear and fought George Washington who was blasting me with lasers. 11/10
,Recommended,208480,25561950,"Posted: 17 September, 2016",all,Maiar,"First, disable all the features of Uplay, because it will make your game crash.Second, in the DLC ""The Tyranny of King Washington"", on episode 1, there is a bug that doesn't let the game continue, I had to go to the next episode without really ending it. Had to watch it on youtube.---Decent game, not the best of the saga, but pretty good.The OST is one of the best and most memorable.---Recommended on sale."
76561198080882448,Recommended,208480,9796802,"Posted: 12 April, 2014",all,Letho,Never thought I'll enjoy this game so much!!
,Recommended,208480,8347874,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,BlackSalami,i like pie
76561198013073925,Recommended,208480,29539365,Posted: 28 January,all,ChibiNico,"There are some bugs here and there.. Connor is the silent type , but he still fights relentlessly when needed. The fact that the game is set during the American Revolution is interesting to see. Personally, not my favorite game in the whole series , but it's still good and interesting overall."
,Recommended,208480,12973860,"Posted: 16 November, 2014",all,Bloodshot,i loved this game i found some funny stuff like people making derpy faces and me getting stuck in a floor panel and there is so much to do in this game
76561198080967539,Recommended,208480,12518255,"Posted: 16 October, 2014",all,TheTopHatter,"If you want to kick British♥♥♥♥♥and high five George W, well then this is the game for you! A compelling and amazing story with a new and fresh take on the Assassins, new engine and fixing of anything wrong in the old AC games. My personal favorite of the entire series. 9/10"
,Recommended,208480,9757257,"Posted: 7 April, 2014",all,lotjas csgobig.com,"""You Can Climb Trees In This One!""10 STARS2 THUMBS UP100/100"
76561198140848973,Recommended,208480,14969129,"Posted: 19 March, 2015",all,(VG) Grim,It's......SIMPLY THE BEST.
,Recommended,208480,21061507,"Posted: 8 February, 2016",all,UltimateXero,"This is the first of a new type of Assassin's Creed game and it has lot of promise and stumbling points much like the very first AC game had. Freerunning has been simplified and combat has been expanded as well as the mission variety. You don't have to play many of the naval missions at all but I found them fun and an added bonus to a game already jam packed with content. The story and characters are satisfactory and Connor isn't a suave cool dude like Ezio but his backstory justifies a more solemn and serious assassin. Overall I don't think this game is better or worse than the Ezio trilogy, I just think it's a very different experience. I do have to say there are a few bugs you'll probably come across that may annoy you but ultimately shouldn't wreck your experience.The multiplayer is ok based on the two games I had the patience to try. It's not dead, but the new wolfpack co-op mode I was really excited about did seem to be dead. The gameplay is very much like the previous games' multiplayer oddly enough.And now the part I really loved about AC3: the tyranny of king washington dlc. If you get the base game, you need to get the season pass and experience this ridiculous journey. It takes the familiar feel of assassin's creed and throws it out to make a completely different-feeling action-based game. And the story ain't bad either. The worst part about this dlc is that there's a bug with the first chapter that could totally prevent you from completing it and force you to restart. I advise you to research and avoid this bug if you want to play the dlc."
76561198004707424,Recommended,208480,21755463,"Posted: 10 March, 2016",all,Kaichu,"This was the first Assassin's Creed game that I felt was worth the effort to play all the way through. I normally love games with plenty of side-missions, but not this style, for some reason, so I did not 100% complete the game. However, completing side-missions along the way of completing the main story made for an excellent adventure and had me feeling very good about myself by the end of it.The gameplay, at some points, is frustrating. I still haven't played an Assassin's Creed game where this isn't the case. In all games that I've played from this series, every failure feels like the game's fault rather than the player's, as opposed to how it feels when you miss a jump in a well-constructed platforming game.The combat here is pretty nice: improved over Assassin's Creed 2 and its sequels, but improved more in the games coming after this one.As I said, this game really made me happy that I'd beaten it when I reached the end, whereas the others before this one had me feeling more like I'd completed a chore, even while watching the nice ending cutscenes. I did grow attached to some of the characters, and so I felt invested in the story enough to still care, come the end of the game.I'm still unfinished with Black Flag, and I haven't played others after that, as of writing this, but 3 was definitely my favorite of the series, so far."
,Recommended,208480,11203419,"Posted: 12 July, 2014",all,951Jimbo,"This game is very well done.  The acting is pretty good, the graphics usually look very good with a few poorly rendered areas that do occasionally manifest themselves.  The setting is very interesting for history buffs, or more likely, the individuals such as myself who take a casual interest in history.My only complaint is play style which is largely effortless.  Whilst running the protagonist jumps and scales and climbs over all sorts of objects automatically.  Combat is largely the same and it makes the player feel fairly uninvolved in what's happening.Still, I think this game is a worthy title.  The main downside is that you will be using the u-play system which always makes me a bit irritated since I am already buying into the steam DRM."
,Not Recommended,208480,18259258,"Posted: 29 September, 2015",all,chairbender,"Took me 19 hours to beat. It's my least favorite game in the series, so far.I'm guilty of just trying to rush through the main story so I could check off this game as beaten and move on to a more consistently fun game. I think that, if you approach this game with the mindset that you just want to play around in the open world sandbox this game presents, you may have more fun with it. I just couldn't get into that mindset, for some reason. Partly, this was due to me feeling that there was not much reason to pursue the side content, since I was perfectly able to complete the main story while doing absolutely nothing else.The main things I didn't like about this game were the bugs, the writing (and, in particular, the protagonist), and its failure to deliver consistent fun at the same rate the previous games were able to achieve. I just felt that I spent a large percentage of the game not having fun and actively having a bad time. This was due to frustratingly stupid mission design, bugs, and having a hard time getting the character to do what I wanted them to do. As far as missions go, the stealth missions are some of the worst offenders. The game does not offer precise enough controls to support the stealth gameplay. Coupled with the sparse checkpoints, you'll find yourself getting very frustrated at these missions. It all just adds up to a frustrating experience, especially if you're not feeling motivated to actually play around and have fun with the open-world aspect of the game.If you come at this game with the right mindset - that you just want to run around and do all the various side missions and activities, I think you may enjoy it, but just know that you're not really giving yourself much of an advantage for completing the main story. And know that there's plenty of other open-world games that are going to give you a MUCH more consistently fun experience. This game tries to do too much, without sufficient polish, and without carefully considering how the design impacts the moment-to-moment fun of playing it. It has lots of ideas for side activities and mechanics that may sound fun on paper but, when implemented, don't provide a consistently entertaining experience.I feel like this game could've been improved by having people play it and periodically asking them if they were having fun. They would very quickly discover that a large majority of the play is just boring or anti-fun. Maybe they tried that but didn't have enough time to do this thoroughly because there's just too much content."
76561197965553338,Recommended,208480,25854942,"Posted: 4 October, 2016",all,gritbaby,"I remember loving Assassin's Creed.  However, I forgot how frustrating the mechanics can be.  Clearly action games like this have improved A LOT since this game came out. Shadows of Mordor, Mad Max, Tomb Raider, Batman Arkham series... all better mechanics and much more fun to play.  Granted the Assassin Creed stories I love, they just need to fix these cumbersome controls and the stupid optional mission criteria.  And playing it now, I am shocked how much it isn't as opened world as I thought it was.  I would recommend this game to those people that are looking for a good assassin game, but this is in my bottom top 10.Based on how much I played this game, I am going to say this is a recommend.  However, I would say before you play this game... if you haven't played the other games I mentioned above... play them first."
,Not Recommended,208480,8941178,"Posted: 1 February, 2014",all,OctoChan,"Easily the worst game in the main series.  Where do I even start?Revolutionary Era New York and Boston aren't as interesting to explore or run around in as any of the locals from the other games.  It didn't help that the reputation system had guards hunting me down half the time.  The wilderness areas are even worse, as there isn't much to do and getting around by tree isn't as done as it could have been.  The missions are boring and uninspired and the story is interesting.  Homestead management is also a chore, as is hunting.  The whole game just feels stale, and all of the new elemenets have little to no draw (save for ship battles).Skip it.  Just go to the vastly improved Black Flag."
,Not Recommended,208480,9130444,"Posted: 15 February, 2014",all,Wissam.sbeih,THIS IS A PIECE OF♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ OFF DRM I WILL NEVER BUY AC GAMES AGAIN
,Recommended,208480,21807962,"Posted: 12 March, 2016",all,❤ Ram ❤,"Having enjoyed the previous entries in the Assassin's Creed series, I picked this game up for the Xbox 360 on the day of release, having the previous titles (II through Revelations as I thought 1 was mostly irrelevant) next to the console. For the next month, I enjoyed this game wholeheartedly, and eventually the DLC.Music: This soundtrack's orchestral pieces match PERFECTLY with the timeline in Ubisoft's mindset. Puts one in the mood for the Colonial Ages.Graphics/Presentation: For 2012, this still holds up to these days and shows only slight aging. The open world is lustrious and blooming with nature, and the shaders don't feel aged. Presentation wise, they captured the Colonial Ages and the American Revolution with perfection in style. Voices are made to sound mostly English, with some American. The Mohawk Valley tribe vocals are done well, minus a few times.Characters: I will mainly talk about Connor here. Connor ""Ratonhnhaké:ton"" Kenway is nowhere near the indepthness of Ezio's story, but interesting none the less. We get to see Connor's life unfold as he grows, from watching his village burn to that of Washington's forces, to meeting him in person and not expecting forgiveness himself, and even up to meeting his own father, Haytham Kenway, the son of Edward from Black Flag. He meets Achillies, and is trained by him in the ways of an Assassin. Achillies at one point met with Adewale, Edward's former quartermaster and at that point an Assassin. So, he trained Ratonhnhaké:ton in these ways, eventually ending his training abruptly in death. We watch as we have to bury Ratonhnhaké:ton's former mentor in grief and stormy weather. This game shows us Connor's personality. How he helped Washington even after the burning of his village, forgiving him because he didn't know better. How he never left Achillies' home to be trained, even after being rudely blocked out by him. He was determined in his life.Story: It was alright. Not good by any means, but wasn't♥♥♥♥♥♥ At least it had a story.Rating: 9/10 A Near Perfect Game (Story Kills That One Point)""I realize now that it will take time, that the road ahead is long and shrouded in darkness. It is a road that will not always take me where I wish to go – and I doubt I will live to see it end. But I will travel down it nonetheless.""―Ratonhnhaké:ton, 1783"
76561198204266897,Recommended,208480,24160224,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,Movez,"I just finished the game on a 100% Sync completion, which means I've done literally everything you can do in this game. Assassin's Creed 3 is a great game overall though it has it's problems.Pros:- The Protagonist. Connor is as badass as the previous assassins and the most brutal yet. You care about him and his motivations because you experience his tragedy at his young age and want as much revenge as he does.- The Story. Even though the story can drag a little bit during the mid section of the game, Assassin's Creed 3 still has in my opinion the best antagonists so far(not counting the games that has come out after this one). The characters are well acted, you understand Connors and the templars motives even better in this game and that makes it for an even more intriguing experience.- The World. The game takes place during the American Revolution. You can roam freely in New York, Boston and the Frontier where the indians and most of the war takes place. You also have your little hometown called Davenport Homestead which you build up from the ground.- Fighting System. So many new weapons and cool moves you can do in this game which makes for an even more fluid gameplay and rewarding gameplay experience.- Last but not least the naval sections. This was the best part of the game, no wonder why they made a whole game(Black Flag) based on the reactions from the naval gameplay.Cons:- Gitches. As I played through the game, i stumbled upon many glitches mainly in the frontier. They were not game breaking though, only annoying at best.- Side Quests. Some of them were nice though the rest are garbage. It's just about going around in different maps and picking up feathers or unlocking chests like in the previous ones. Not fun at all. This is also very time consuming. If you skip most of the sidequests and only go for the good ones and the story, then you'll get about 30-40 hours gameplay.- Hunting. Even though It's fun to go around hunting in the frontier, it still feels useless because the only thing you can do is sell or craft mostly useless stuff from this. It gets old fast.- Horses. I hated the damn horses in this game. They were so annoying to roam around with, ESPECIALLY in the Frontier. Such a bad coded horsie. I ran most of the time instead of using the damn horses.If the sidequests were good and actually added something to the overall story, if hunting was more meaningful than it is and without the glitches I'd probably give this game a 10/10 though because of all this I give it a solid 8/10. It's worth a playthrough though, especially for AC fans who has skipped on this game before like I did."
76561197975238415,Not Recommended,208480,18379030,"Posted: 7 October, 2015",all,Jersey77,"Not a terrible game. Not that great either. There are more than a few issues with this one. Bugs and glitches abound, the A.I. can be idiotic at times, and the controls are far less as convenient as they were with the Ezio trilogy or the first Assassins Creed. Lastly, the frequent little hiccups this game caused on my machine during gameplay were troublesome. Every few minutes the game would get choppy and only pausing it and letting the choppiness pass fixed it. Each of these instances occurred at the same time as UPlay.exe using up more memory on my PC. UPlay is horrible anyway, but I felt like giving this game a fair try. It wasn't worth it in the end, mostly thanks to UPlay itself ruining my experience.The other main issue I had with this game is that the main character you play as is a thoroughly unlikeable fellow. (I didn't like him anyway.) He'd range from unemotional zombie to raging assclown to most (if not all) of his allies in the storyline. He was definitely not as interesting as Ezio, Altair, or even Aveline (Liberation wasn't that great either, truth be told). Connor Kenway (or Rato:whatever:nobodycares) was a horrible character and to be subjected to his comically overplayed seriousness for more than a couple of hours was pretty painful.Buy this if you cannot live without all the AC games. Skip it if you're not that hardcore a fan of the series or if you dislike UPlay.Oh, and I haven't done the multiplayer yet, but I suspect it's just like it was in Brotherhood and Revelations. UPlay kinda forgot (twice) that I owned all the multiplayer DLC related things and I had to go through Ubisoft support to get things restored. Meh. UPlay sucks."
,Recommended,208480,9395376,"Posted: 9 March, 2014",all,Flexiboye,"Fantastic, beautiful and amazing story.Everything about this game is just amazing. Jumping from building to building. Free Running all over the place. Hunting Animals. Killing Redcoats. Its just fantastic. The only downside of the game is having to install stupid Uplay. Another problem I ran into was that alot of the cutscene audio was out of sync. Other then those 2 negatives. The game is amazing.9/10:D"
,Recommended,208480,466471,"Posted: 20 March, 2013",all,[M]ono,"Wow.  This game was a great piece of interactive cinematic experiences of the American Revolution, and the major events in it.  Coupled with a great soundtrack that didn't overpower, but enhance the playing experience, this clearly became a top can't-put-it-down-until-I-finish game.  Good back-fill on story line for those who haven't play the series yet.  Sea battles were *amazing*, and were my favorite part of the game.  There's nothing like going through and wrecking a whole bunch of lobsterbacks to the plot music in the game.  I really enjoyed this one.There were too many unimportant side-quests (lots of grinding for 100%), runs from uplay, and much better to play with a control than keyboard.All in all, a must play for any American.  You'll get a history lesson too if you read your database :)5/5"
76561197960273092,Recommended,208480,13527548,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,Sgt_Tenor,"Picked this baby up for $5 on the holiday sale.Ok a brief review from what I have played so far. On the whole I love the historical representation of the AC series and always been facinated with America's revolution ERA, Yes it is a fictional reference but on the whole it's rather well done.Yet this isn't about history and mostly about the setting and some unique story telling amidst Kenwood following clues from an amulet he took in the beggining of the game. Not goin to go into the story as others already mentioned in their review.Anyway my only gripe is about the combat that has been somewhat staple fo the AC series. I find it right now too much like the Batman Arkham games. Counter > attack, Counter > Attack. It's kind of dull a too easy in a way. The only alleviating thing about it is more of the trying to get full sychronization like not getting detected Silent kills  etc. I've heard black Flag has better combat though.If you're a completionist like myself that this has plenty to do. Finding all the almanac pages, synchorinzing all the high locals, hunting every creature etc. It does a great job of that.Of course everyone has their personal opinion this game is well done, keeps my attention long enough. I have to say looking forward to delve into Black Flag which I picked up for $10 on the Holiday sale. Pirates!!!!!"
,Recommended,208480,19126140,"Posted: 17 November, 2015",all,ZS-KEV,"This is my opinion of Assassin's Creed IIIAspectRatingStory8.0Graphics8.5Sound9.0Gameplay7.5Overall8.3Scores are out of 10. Overall score is an averageAssassin's Creed III is very enjoyable overall, but it’s not consistently brilliant. Not everything about the game gels together convincingly and the missions’ unnecessary prescriptiveness sometimes undermines the sense of freedom that the rest of the game works so hard to create. But it achieves so much that you can’t help but respect it. Connor’s story has its lulls but it still tells a tale much richer and more compelling than most other games manage, set in a fascinating period of history. Assassin's Creed III has got all the same triumphs and flaws: it isn’t as huge an improvement upon its predecessors’ achievements as many players will be hoping for, but it’s still up there with the best that the series has achieved. Even if it isn't quite the best."
,Recommended,208480,14784669,"Posted: 7 March, 2015",all,Sodomite the Devourer of Ass,The story was too predictable.
,Recommended,208480,28846661,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,Zhs2,"I liked this game, it was pretty cool - despite the fact that about 90% of menus and UI elements are designed to annoy instead of assist. Deliberately slow weapon selection, hidden assassin contracts, the slowest minigame trading menu ever, a similarly terrible crafting UI, and notifications that take ten thousand years to scroll across your screen are among the bad design choices Ubisoft made for this game. Thank god the gameplay is good and that Haytham is the coolest ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ on the planet.P.S.WHERE IS CHARLES LEE?"
,Recommended,208480,7914077,"Posted: 4 December, 2013",all,Guranov,"This is Something for me, Parkour Climbing jumping  my stuf,  Buy  THis awesome game  :DDD"
76561197971629351,Recommended,208480,15439338,"Posted: 18 April, 2015",all,buddahmunx,Great Game !  Naval battles are a blast.
76561197992329702,Recommended,208480,12335661,"Posted: 3 October, 2014",all,Doctor Who Says Ni,"Combat is better than before, story is good, Less things to worry about. You can hunt dangerous animals. Being the captain of a ship was amazing!"
,Not Recommended,208480,10783147,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,Rockwell B1,"I feel very let down by it. It's just more of the same you've known, only in a cooler period of time IMO. The boat missions were the best parts from what I've played. The intro really does take forever. I think I've officially lost faith in this series. I had a feeling that would happen once Ubisoft decided they needed to make as many of them as they could, as fast as they could."
,Recommended,208480,24455322,"Posted: 22 July, 2016",all,ArttuPette,Love this game <3+Graphics+Story-Uplay
,Recommended,208480,20055186,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,Lebron James Did 9/11,The freerunning makes me feel like a little kid on the inflatable parkour corses at the rec center. The stealth kills makes me feel like a badass10/10
,Recommended,208480,20344727,"Posted: 6 January, 2016",all,FrooXe,"Assassin's Creed 3 is one of the best Open-World Singleplayer games I have ever played and/or enjoyed.The game looks awesome and you can clearly see that there was a lot of focus on detail in this big open world. The controls feel intuitive and good but are still a bit woolly. The Campaing/Story actually impressed me because it offered a lot of content and playtime compared to other singleplayer games. So all around the game is good.BUT:The Ubisoft launcher is one of the worst things I have ever experienced as a product of such a big company. It is so bad you can't even put it in words. If you donwload this game over steam you will have to install the ubisoft launcher AND create a ""Uplay"" Account.I played this game some time ago and yesterday I wanted to play it again. I went on to log into Uplay. This lousy piece of software didn't let me in. And trust me I put in the right information.So now I spent around 100 Euros on products launched with Uplay and I cannot play any of the games I bought because nothing I tried works.I just can't understand why this has to happen. I am logged into my Steam account and have all the information I'd need to prove that I bought this game but I can't do anythi g because Ubisoft diesn't really care that much. As long as people pay money for their games they are happy and don't care about how their launcher is freaking bad.I myself don't know what to say to you regarding my review of this game. The game itself is totally recommendable but if I would have to decide again I would NOT buy this game just because of the launcher.Trust ne I am not eccaturating.I hope my review helped at least a bit.- բгօօ×ε"
,Recommended,208480,29415618,Posted: 21 January,all,Izhaaq996,"The Game isMarvellous. Its the greatest Game in the Assassin's Creed Franchise afterEzio.This Game was free for most of the time on Uplay, but for certain people this game was having issues including myself, I wasn't getting any Uplay Action XP or Uplay Points for single player version but then I Contacted Uplay for most of the time and they didn't fixed all the problem but it worked.Regardless of these issues this game is still a great Game.Please Ubisoft don't ruin this game.And for the Multiplayer you can reach level 20 easily by playing Wolfpack.The Connor Character in this game is Childish and you will hate him for his actions."
,Recommended,208480,20161134,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,Toth,In my personal opinion this is the best Assasins Creed. But this could be because the game flows good and takes me back to some History lessons as well. Any Stealth fan should get this game. Uplay doesnt ruin everything. Well not most.
76561198062105287,Recommended,208480,12619608,"Posted: 24 October, 2014",all,Immulujanka,"Better than Assassin´s Creed 1.Worse than Assasin´s Creed 2.It is not a bad game, but when you expect a upgrade from Assassins´s Creed Revelation, there istn´t one.Buy it on sale, like me.I get it for 5€ and i don´t  regret it."
76561197971628333,Recommended,208480,10295609,"Posted: 30 May, 2014",all,Modranto,"*I've done my best to avoid any spoilers in this review*Assassin Creed III's depiction of Revolutionary America is a joy to behold. It's too bad that it gets dragged down by technical flaws and uninteresting characters.I can't comment on the stability of the console version of this game, but the PC version certainly has issues. The game crashed and had to be restarted numerous times throughout my time with it. At the beginning the crashes were very frequent until I went online and found something that helped, but didn't completely resolve the problem. Here it is:""Go to Nvidia Control Panel (e.g. right click on desktop) -> 3D settings section -> Configure Surround PhysX function -> change CPU to your GPU graphic card e.g. GeForce GTX"" (Thanks to Freeplayer2012 onforums.ubi.com)Beyond the crashes, I got stuck between a rock and a tree once and glitched through the roof of a horse drawn carriage and was unable to escape the inside of it. Some movements within the game were overly sticky in terms of climbing on objects when I didn't want to, or jittering on the top of a fence when I'm clearly directing it to jump down. While it controls very similarly to past games, this is a small step backward for the series.A hallmark of the Assassin's Creed series is its ability to recreate a historical time and place that feels alive and packed with places to explore. By and large, AC3 succeeds in that category. This is the most graphically impressive game in the series so far. There were numerous moments where I had to just stop and take in the scenery, particularly in the game's Frontier region. At no point did I regret the change in setting from the vast cityscapes of the previous games in the series to this new rural wilderness.In fact, it was the cities of AC3 that held some disappointment. Perhaps this could be blamed on the setting. For instance, the historical architecture of 1700s America just can't hold up next to Jerusalem or Venice. Not only that but the people of the time were less colorful. Frontiers men and women ARE interesting, but compared to Italian Carnevale attendees? Despite those limitations I do think Ubisoft could have done a better job. There just wasn't enough variety throughout the cities to keep things interesting. Gone are the Mercenary, Romanies, and Thieves Guild buildings and their members roaming the streets. Gone are the purchasable shops and landmarks. I'm not saying either of those were particularly compelling gameplay wise but they weren't replaced by anything in AC3 and I think that resulted in a lack of depth and connection with AC3's New York and Boston.Perhaps my biggest disappointment was with the characters. Connor has a neat backstory being half British and half Native American. But as a character he's relatively flat, poorly voiced and comes off as childish at times (you play as a young Connor at one point but I'm referring to the adult here). The character I enjoyed the most is the one you play as in the opening few chapters of the game, Haytham. He has a charisma somewhat reminiscent of Ezio but is still unique as a character in the AC series. Unfortunately even his depiction is flawed over the course of the game. I found it baffling and unnecessary the way Haytham and his companions' personalities and overall demeanors were changed quite dramatically as you switched from playing as Haytham to Connor. I understand that Ubisoft was likely trying to highlight how differently each character sees the world, but what they did was too heavy handed and ultimately dehumanized a significant portion of the cast of characters.Lorne Balfe did an admirable job with the soundtrack and I'm glad it was included in the deluxe version of the game. However, he's no Jesper Kyd (who composed for all the previous games). I admit I'm biased in that Kyd is one of my favorite composers while I'm not familiar with Balfe outside of his collaboration with Kyd on the AC: Revelations OST.The 3 King Washington DLCs were a pleasant surprise to me. In them you gain animal spirit powers that can drastically change how you play the game. I had a lot of fun putting them to use. I won't be surprised if I find myself wishing I had the Eagle power available to me in future AC titles. The revisionist history that makes up the story is a fun reimagining of events. I was also satisfied with how they went about tying it in with the main story.I love the Assassin's Creed series and I really enjoyed this game. But it's hard deny that in a lot of ways the series took a step backwards with this iteration."
76561198088249884,Recommended,208480,12633400,"Posted: 25 October, 2014",all,conquerro,What can I say: it's Assassin's Creed..!It is a precious sequel of the story. I wished it wasn't lived in near history of US. Because I like the historic themed games that pass in really old times like the first Assassin's Creed game. But this one is a very successful game of fabolous graphics and gameplay...
76561198037292603,Recommended,208480,11649814,"Posted: 11 August, 2014",all,Wez gamekit.com,"I have played all the assassins creed games from Ac1 with Altiar to black flag with Edward kenway, Connor is a vessel for ideas more than a force of nature in his own right, though few heroes could hope to outshine the charming and worldly star of Assassin's Creed II, Ezio Auditore.Assassin's Creed III is a beautiful, sprawling adventure that proves to be one of the most, if not the most, ambitious titles ever created. Just when you think you have it figured out, an entirely new element is introduced that enriches it further, rendering it one of the least repetitive experiences to be had with a controller."
,Recommended,208480,7794759,"Posted: 27 November, 2013",all,caps,"Not bad, but IV is better. Although it's worth it just to see Desmond die!"
76561198116830152,Recommended,208480,11366799,"Posted: 22 July, 2014",all,miskit,awesome game!
,Not Recommended,208480,35144412,Posted: 22 September,all,Kovach,I love Assassin's Creed. I loved this game.Update 9.22.17: Latest language pack patch screwed my 77hr 100% Sync save game. No way in hell I'm playing this again until Ubi fixes it. Absolutely ridiculous.0/10 would not update language pack again.
,Recommended,208480,25118709,"Posted: 24 August, 2016",all,Elliot,"It's a good game however sometimes I find it annoying going from city to city then having to go to the frontier, the start of the game (after Haythem) is incredibly boring and almost made me stop playing. however after when it builds up it's fun :)"
,Recommended,208480,34827332,Posted: 8 September,all,Purple Turtle,"Hmm... main antogonist was a more likeable character than the protagonist... but yeah, it's a good game."
,Recommended,208480,35072255,Posted: 19 September,all,[SHIFT] ETESTRO,Great game but my file is broken since latest update :( but it still deserves a good review
76561198059261710,Recommended,208480,34909263,Posted: 12 September,all,Rohahtiio,"I really enjoyed the game, I have it for PS3 and put most of my time on it (it was the main reason why I got a PS3).Also being able to speak Mohawk (which is the language in the game that the Natvies are speaking) it is awesome to just jump in and use it as a clutral experiance as well."
,Recommended,208480,4238055,"Posted: 12 July, 2013",all,local wanker,A great game... FOR KILLING
76561198008407513,Recommended,208480,13343643,"Posted: 13 December, 2014",all,a father,"to much, to much, its getting boring its sad that the throw so many creeds on the market it will destroy the series to bad indeed (but ok still 70/100)"
,Recommended,208480,11151302,"Posted: 9 July, 2014",all,☩♚Skipper™♚☩,"Assassin's Creed III is the fifth game in the franchise and takes a completely new twist to the series by going to colonial America. You play as Connor Kenway; a native American who trains to be an assassin in order to get revenge for his mother's death. You also play as his father, Haytham Kenway, at the start. Along the way you, Connor, ignite the fires of the American revolution and decide to help them purely because the Templars are helping the British. This entire idea feels pointless though because the patriots and Washington decide to burn your village so at the end you turn on them, whilst you see Templars killing royalists. Yeah Connor messed up...The game introduces a new mechanic to its free running in the frontier sections, with the ability to climb trees and use these instead of rooftops. This is great and well executed but feels limiting, very streamlined, and is pointless seeing as most of the time nothing happens in the frontier. The rooftop free running is still there however guards detect you almost instantly and it kin  of discourages going on the roof, meaning you spend most time on the ground. This feels wrong for an assassin game, even more so with the fact you stand out wearing the assassins robes; at least Altair could hide among priests. The combat is great however after a while it feels repetitive as guards do the same moves, whether patriot or royalist, whether highlander or officer. Also you are so overpowered in this episode of the assassin's creed franchise.The story is quite interesting and very in depth however Connor has no emotion or charm like the other assassins. He is quite plain, particularly when compared to his father who plays the relaxed aristocrat. In addition, every time you get somewhere good in the story Desmond shows his face and you have to endure half an hour of modern day pointless Desmond. The ending is boring and the credits last 20 mins, you can't even skip them. The beginning isn't great either, with a long tutorial, it takes about 5 hours before you even get the assassin robes. The lockpicking system is horrible (just copy Skyrim for goodness sake) and overall the game feels clunky and rushed; particularly the anti-climatic battles.However, as a history buff and a fan of the colonial era I felt at home with the game. I did get annoyed with the historical inaccuracies (there are a lot) however there were a few nods to people such as myself within the story. I felt as though the story itself was good, it was fun to go on killstreaks, the naval combat wasn't too bad and the graphics lived up to their standard. The seasonal and time changes were a joy and it was nice to see so much content; the hunting is an example of this, it had a lot of content but really was just pointless.Overall I enjoyed AC 3 however I feel as though the game is only enjoyable to people who appreciate the era and who don't over hype it.6/10."
,Not Recommended,208480,10858407,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,amdnate95,"The most unstable game I have ever played. Constantly crashes on certain missions, or on the menu. The crashes/freezes keep you from actually enjoying the game. What's even worse is Ubisoft's official response was ""our team is aware of this issue"" yet it still remains. To me that's them telling the PC community two words, and they aren't ""happy birthday""."
,Recommended,208480,12613015,"Posted: 24 October, 2014",all,JiunY,"Totally enjoyed the game. Small piece of advice, DO NOT RUSH FOR THE STORY. Instead try to do all those side quest first.  I never actually encounter any bugs in my entire playthrough but i guess it depends on your pc itself. There are a lot of complaints about how Connor was a shallow, forgettable character but for me I kinda like his plain, humble style so not a big problem to me. The graphic is great, just some minor fps drop in Boston thats all, no big deal, no need to cry like a baby because it is not game breaking flaw. Love the liberation missions, gives the assassins recruits more characteristic rather than plain forgettable AI that you cant attached to in the previous game. You need to have patience and will to explore because it is a huge world and unlocking fast travel location can sometime be a little annoying. Overall great game, love it, dont understand all those criticsm. All time favourite 8/10"
76561198047988283,Recommended,208480,7788070,"Posted: 27 November, 2013",all,PJThom,"The best Assassin's Creed game to date.Fantastic, gripping storyline, well-written with intriguing and developed characters. I personally love the storylines that weave in and out of historical events; which this story does excellently.Sprawling open-world maps that houses an incredible level of graphical detail and activity.Superb new game mechanics in the sailing, tree-climbing, hunting and fighting. The overall HUD of the game has been vastly improved and tweaked.I think it acts as an excellent departure from Renaissance Italy and Ezio; significantly better than AC Revelations. Re-ignites the excitement I first felt from AC2."
76561198045066868,Recommended,208480,8625580,"Posted: 8 January, 2014",all,Richard The Biker,"The game is awesome,I really like the story,the graphics,new environment. America's nature is awesome and the developers managed to show the players its beautiful sights. The fighting style has changed from the last games, players can perform a variety of combos,depending on which weapon you have. Hunting was also added to the game along with the domestic animals! The developers showed how European people managed to settle in America. As always,there are many historical places,events,people and this is why I like Assassin's Creed games. I encountered some bugs, but they did not manage to break the game or interfere with the main story progress. All in all,the game is worth buying, really nice game, especially for people who like history."
,Recommended,208480,10076733,"Posted: 10 May, 2014",all,Mazinity,"I definitely recommend playing AC3, just for experience of such a well designed depiction of Revolutionary America. And the stabbing of people in the face with bayonets.Pros-------Brilliantly crafted world as usual, smooth action with decent characters and all the usual stuff you'd expect from a Creed game.-The ship battles were the best part of the game aside the level design, and so it's no wonder that became the core part for AC4.Cons------- Let down in the simplification of things and how easy the game is.- Personally felt all the side missions and extra stuff didn't have enough incentive"
76561198174786677,Recommended,208480,15543315,"Posted: 25 April, 2015",all,Rapper Toooo Pok,"Great Story, Great Characters. It does lag but that's just because my computer sucks. If you want a really fun game, get this game."
,Recommended,208480,12618023,"Posted: 24 October, 2014",all,Jimbo,Murdered a bunny after jumping off of my horse! 10/69
76561198131267569,Recommended,208480,11512073,"Posted: 1 August, 2014",all,juicyfruit,among all  the other assassins creed games this is my favorite10/10
,Recommended,208480,12481190,"Posted: 13 October, 2014",all,Brajant,"The graphics and texture details on high mode are awesome, ancient story is pretty fine, recomended game for relaxing."
,Recommended,208480,12615027,"Posted: 24 October, 2014",all,Vandy,Entertaining storytelling and decent naval combat marred by terrible mission design. Not the best AC out there...
76561198272729322,Not Recommended,208480,34993808,Posted: 16 September,all,s.p.newton99,"Please fix this♥♥♥♥♥♥ubisoft. I had 75+ hours in this game and right after the latest update all of a sudden all my saves are unable to play saying ""missing DLC"" or some such ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t. FIX. YOUR.♥♥♥♥♥♥!!!"
,Recommended,208480,7743817,"Posted: 25 November, 2013",all,minikane,8/10Realy good story (if you can play it)Not a realy good port on PC :(I played it thou on PS3Must have if you know you can run it
76561198007197608,Recommended,208480,21952021,"Posted: 20 March, 2016",all,[S]almon,"AC IIIDoesn't deserve all the hate it gets.Is AC III a terrific game? No. Is it as good as AC II? No. Is it still a fun action game that'll keep you entertained? Absolutely!OK, so the trade system in this game makes no sense, but that’s not really necessary for you to enjoy AC III. Treat this game like the modern action platformer that it is and you’ll come away satisfied. Not blown away, but satisfied."
,Not Recommended,208480,11442628,"Posted: 27 July, 2014",all,ETPC,"this game is a complete mess from top to bottom.nothing feels right, nothing feels polished or elegant. a textbook example of too many cooks (900 cooks across many different resturants to be exact). even the basic movement and gameplay feels clunky. and christ, don't even get me started on how guns work (hint: THEY DON'T AT ALL)the story is somewhat interesting but even that dies the death of a thousand cuts when connor is shoehorned into Literally Every Noteworthy Moment in early american history.i cannot tell you why i played this game for 100 hours. i don't understand it myself. for every moment i found myself having fun, there was an hour of boredom and moments where i just left the game running and went to do something else (did you know the entire run of transformers is on netflix) instead. i looked forward to the game ending just so i never had to play it ever again.the ONLY justification for this purchase is if you are an insane completionist like me and want to see how the story pans out.i'll save you the time, it ends with a bunch of twists and then a wet fart of an ending.don't play this."
76561198023887202,Recommended,208480,13072943,"Posted: 24 November, 2014",all,oathy,"Fun game but offers very poor re-playability.I guess that's what Ubisoft goes for in this series though.  Play it through once, and then you just get back on to murder a few guards and exit game."
76561197979948240,Not Recommended,208480,11278031,"Posted: 16 July, 2014",all,Sunn brO))),"Free running and combat are somehow jankier than ever, and the story is weird nonsense with a boring main character.Setting is kind of interesting, but not done justice to. Enjoy bizarre guard spawns, misread climb commands, and more quality Ubisoft writing."
,Not Recommended,208480,8346390,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,hol up nigga,"DO NOT BUYthis game runs terribly on even the best pc, i made the mistake of paying 19.99 for this crap, THIS GAME'S OPTIMISATION SUCKS, you will get less than 30 fps on the newest nvidia gpu and i7, seriously, DO. NOT. BUY."
76561198071099165,Recommended,208480,12481307,"Posted: 13 October, 2014",all,Kruzr,+1.  Would recommend.
76561198273360659,Not Recommended,208480,34959944,Posted: 14 September,all,Sleepyhead,The game was better before there was an update and now i can not load into my save game and all you can do is start all over again which some people do not mind but for those who are half way through the game or near the end i would not get it until they fix this problem.
,Not Recommended,208480,18472856,"Posted: 14 October, 2015",all,ThatDarnOwl,"Assassin's Creed 3 to me represents the worst game in the series.Mostly because it had so much potential. It was advertised as potentially being the game to reinvigorate the franchise. At the time AC3 released Assassin's Creed already had a reputation as being a yearly released franchise with just the same game re-released over and over again. With AC3 we were promised arguably one of the more interesting settings, the American Revolutionary War. And we were promised that the game would feature an open world you could traverse either by foot, by boat or by horse.What we got was a game that was half finished. The game controls awkwardly with the gamepad and the user interface is much less functional than in previous games. It's only marginally better with KB+M. Things like using your gun, to switching weapons, to countering attacks feels very sluggish compared to previous games. It doesn't help that the combat is ludicrously easy and that it's near impossible to die due to the very forgiving regenerating health. Despite being advertised differently, the big war battles in AC3 are slow and time consuming. All of the missions in the game feel like a chore and the most enjoyment I had with it was running around the overworld and doing side missions.The story is where the game really dropped the ball for me. Nothing in AC3 is unique in terms of story. It plays out very predictibly and it feels like it would've been much more interesting had they been given another year of development time. The first fewhoursof gameplay are spent in an extremely long extended tutorial sequence which I just want to skip past every single time. The game does get better once you become an Assassin but it really is a slog to get through that first 3 hour milestone. It doesn't help that the protagonist Connor is easily the least interesting character in the game. Who mostly does what he's told and never really comes across as a fully realized character. The Present day storyline is also at it's most annoying in this game. You're frequently taken out of Connor's storyline into Desmond's vastly less interesting storyline to be given endless amounts of exposition you don't care about. I really began tohatethe cutscenes in this game after only a few hours.It's really sad to me because there are great aspects of this game. I love exploring the frontier and I love the sailing mechanic. The aesthetic of AC3 was something the developer really did very well, and something they thankfully translated well into later titles like Black Flag and Rogue. Things like running through snow, to jumping along treetops, to sailing around in the Aquila are all done really well, and I wasn't surprised those mechanics were done by different studios entirely. The American Revolutionary War is one of my favorite parts of history to read about, and it's depressing to me it ended up being used so poorly here.To me AC3 is the worst game in the series. Unlike Revelations which was just dull and uninteresting, AC3 is a mix of things you like and everything youhateabout Assassin's Creed. And it's really sad to me because had they been given more time to work on the game it could've easily been the best game in the series. As it stands now it remains one of the biggest indications of missed potential in a videogame."
76561198271974420,Recommended,208480,32793642,Posted: 25 June,all,drawer3390,really good gamepros+ great combat+ fun hunting+ great story+ fun+ the picklockingcons- desmond- long end credets9.8/10
76561197993078928,Not Recommended,208480,20049319,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,Rubrum,"This is the point at which I decided to stop playing Assassin's Creed. I played some of Black Flag after, because it was supposedly different. It was, but I didn't finish it, I don't know if I'll get back to it.I finished ACIII because I wanted to know the ending of the meta story around Desmond, I seem to be in the minority who cared. But these games feel like a chore now. I was really looking forward to the ending in the second half of my playtime. Also, I can't believe there are still insta-failure-when-spotted type missions. These can be frustrating. Ubisoft really needs to stop making their games about ""extinguishing icons on your map"". You try so hard to ignore that collectible feather... but... it's right there... On your map... tickling the OCD part of your brain... So...  You go. ACIII also suffered from a mostly uninteresting cast of characters.If you want to know what happens in Desmond's story, watch the cutscenes online or something like that. I don't think Assassin's Creed is worth my time anymore. You really have to be a very big fan of the series and game style to play through this in my opinion."
,Not Recommended,208480,9886353,"Posted: 20 April, 2014",all,Kung Fu Sandwich,"Pretty♥♥♥♥♥♥poor.Compared to the excellent Assassins Creed 2 and AC: Brotherhood this is a dull, buggy mess. The stealth system simply doesn't work and i clipped through the ground multiple times and fell to my death. The weirdest bug i found was when i was running to a mission waypoint and all of the city guards were either shooting at random civilians, standing still in a T position or walking in to walls.The plot is boring and the main character is as about as charismatic as a wet wooden stick.It does have nice graphics though and the naval missions are really fun but everything else feels like a waste of time.You could probably buy 20 sandwiches for the same amount of money it would cost you to buy this.Get Assassin's Creed 2, Brotherhood or Black Flag instead of this.5/10.Why the hell did i play this junk for 22 hours?"
76561198136032850,Recommended,208480,12516020,"Posted: 16 October, 2014",all,RaijewKaijew,Its a very nice game.
,Not Recommended,208480,12872574,"Posted: 10 November, 2014",all,IvcanGo,"I don't recommend this game. Is bornig, every missions feels a chore, and everything feels unfinished.  Fortunately everything is fixed in BlackFlag, and the story is way better in the sequel. I played this game only to get a sense of closure, since I have played the Desmond's Assassins Creed games, from the first to Revelations. I wanted to finish the story arc, and I founded Revelations more entertaining and fun than AC III. I liked the first hour of game, but then everything went downhill, with three hours of Tutorial missions and filler."
,Not Recommended,208480,17746283,"Posted: 27 August, 2015",all,feroxy,"Does not measure up to the Ezio trilogy in terms of gameplay. Buggy DLC and clumsy control make this my least favourite AC game so far. Graphically beautiful, but let down by the overall quality of the experience."
76561198098836493,Recommended,208480,12520216,"Posted: 16 October, 2014",all,MurderWookiee,"Roughly 2 hours into the game. Rescued some natives.  Saved a patriot.  Killed dozens, nay hundreds of redcoats with unbridled badassery.  Discussed the finer points of banging older women with Benjamin Franklin. 10/10"
,Not Recommended,208480,11369812,"Posted: 22 July, 2014",all,Kaos,"You should totally buy this game if you like to fight the same four enemy types,craft items that you don't need,accumulate a large sum of money that you don't need to spend on anything,find collectibles that give a niche reward,not having a crouch button,look at menus,enjoy the functionality and reliability of Uplay,and having your hand held by an adult for the first five hours of gameplay."
76561198089621184,Recommended,208480,7830634,"Posted: 29 November, 2013",all,darkm1990,This is a super game
,Recommended,208480,7398561,"Posted: 16 October, 2013",all,Barter 6,You should maybe buy this game if you hate your self so much you want to suffer a slow drawn out death or if you are a hardcore masochist.
,Recommended,208480,9041913,"Posted: 10 February, 2014",all,Chini,"Learn history as you hunt, sail, explore and assassinate in America. How awesome is that? The DLCs are also good, too."
