user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
76561198048196099,Recommended,208520,5341594,"Posted: 2 September, 2013",all,ivashka,"Actually, that is very controversial game to be recommended...On the one hand, it's a quite attractive mix of city management game (like Tropico series) and tactical combat game (like XCOM or Silent Storm).On the other hand attempt to mix these two features can't be called successfull because:- management part much easier than in Tropico and not so absorbing:- tactical combat part can entertain you but it's far-far behind XCOM or Silent Storm:In other words, if you have an opportunity to buy it on sale for 5-10 USD (with all DLC) then do it - worths it completely. If it's much more expensive, it's simply waste of time and money."
76561197983946931,Not Recommended,208520,7817556,"Posted: 28 November, 2013",all,Arkrite,"I love gangster settings, but this game has oen massive problem.It's boring.You will sit on the map waiting for resources to unlock so you can continue plugging away with the game. Want to break up the monotany with combat missions? You'll be punished with a raised alert status with the cops. It goes too high and the game is over.Unless you have money to bribe, in which case it's never a concern.And sadly the combat missions feel random. The difference between everybody living and everybody dying can sometimes just feel like a random dice roll, even after playing the entire mission smart.To add insult to injury I still don't know how to change the weapons my crew is carrying. And I'm ten hours in.There's a lot of potential but it just doesn't live up to any of it.I won't begrudge anybody who likes this game, but this game just wasn't for me."
,Recommended,208520,30706045,Posted: 24 March,all,fo_ruM✨,"""REAL BOSS AIN'T SCARED OF DIRTY JOB""I can't help myself but when I'm looking at Omerta - City of Gangsters I see that legendary game called Chicago 1930. Is it atmosphere? Top-down camera? Visuals? Gameplay experience? Most probably one of each. Anyway, Omerta is coming from creators of popular series Tropico and yes, we can feel their signature over here.It's been said many times and I have to say it too. This game features two basic elements which aren't near their maximum potential. One is combat system and second is economy and managment. Both of them are important part of game. Thing is, or let's say speculation, that if Omerta's main element was either combat or economy & managment made to its maximum it'd be truly awesome creation. But it is what it is. We have two features that are not reaching their top and they're not created the best way they could be.I've liked that turn-based combat system I must admit, it was more gripping than I've expected. Fights are mediocre, sometimes too easy and sometimes pain in the butt. However fact is that AI is terrible. Rival gangs in combat and outside are really bad. Some just run straight to you where you have 4 of your soldiers so you can kill them with ease. Every member of your team have its own bonus, and each is good at something so you can plan out some strategy or think in advance. You can upgrade them, deploy them, release them, they're all yours.The economy & managment will be kinda average for players that came here from Tropico series. It's like its weaker brother. But it's fun for a while. Building your imperium and taking over cities of America, starting from scratch and reach the top. You can set up different buildings to work for you, you can upgrade them, raise their efficiency, you can buy out joints, frame other gangs, heist their warehouses, bribe officials, steal cars, and much much more and it might be pleasurable for few hours.Game will last you around 20 hours and less, MP or CO-OP is not helping that much. Every DLC except Japanese Incentive will give you just one level so it's not really great deal as you can imagine. But Japanese Incentive will give you 12 so it can boost up your gameplay time by 8/9 hours easily, but in the end it's just how you play it, fast or enjoyable. Hours may vary.Game can run pretty smooth even on old machines, it doesn't really look that well and sound is not great too either. It all depends on how you feel with the game, but chances are it will get repetetive after 3/4 levels. When you upgrade your mansion to the max, and go to new level, guess what, your mansion is gone. So as I said you're starting from scratch. Both combat and economy is not deep at all, half of potential for both is used.It's not that bad and it's not really good either. Solid average maybe little bit above. With the Demo available you can try it out yourself before spending money./Short bullsh*t talk (I don't even want to call it review) about Japanese Incentive DLC is here:https://steamcommunity.com/id/fo_ruM/recommended/215374/Bonus Point: Demo AvailableRating: 6/10"
,Not Recommended,208520,15788363,"Posted: 11 May, 2015",all,☣ Gnupsie ☣,"This is one of the games where I'd like to have an option in between recommended and not recommended.It fully deserves a ""Meh."" and that's just what I'm gonna give it.So I am not saying that you shouldn't get it, neither that you should.The idea and setting are nice and the game is fun in the beginning, but gameplay just remains absolutely the same all the way through.Step one: Let's build a mafia business with illegal alcohol and stuffStep two: Oh look, the (other) bad guys! Let's kill all of them.Step three: Congrats, you win! Now go the next place.Over and over and over and over and over.The economics are extremely simple and the whole game is very repetitive. That doesn't mean it isn't fun for a few hours, but finishing it is one of those things life is just simply too short for. I lost interest somewhere on the way.tl:dr: Meh game, fun for a few hours, getting it on sale may be worth it, but you probably won't finish it."
,Recommended,208520,12447749,"Posted: 11 October, 2014",all,Burgerkrieg,"I bought this game for a quick weekend play, thinking it would be an interesting pastime that I'd binge-play once or twice and then never touch again. Boy was I wrong: Omerta sucked me in with its huge campaign, awesome mechanics, cool characters and absolutely amazing soundtrack. Seriously, the soundtrack is among the greatest Jazz/Swing stuff I have ever heard, and I listen to that type of music regularly. If you like the idea of being a prohibition-era gangster and don't mind not having Mass Effect-level cutscenes (this game does not have ANY real cutscenes, just quick montages) and buy and sell on a city-spanning market of beer, liquor and guns, this game is absolutely for you.Also, it has a DLC-campaign that is roughly the same length as the original one, and I have not even played through half of it. So buy this game, especially if it is on sale, because it really is worth your hard earned clean money."
,Not Recommended,208520,7932029,"Posted: 5 December, 2013",all,JakkelR4psc4llion,"I don't like to berate games for nit picky reasons, but I really didn't enjoy Omerta for nit picky reasons. Omerta uses a turn-based combat systerm (like Heroes of Might Magic), combined with a free market economic environment (like Patrician, or any of the Impression city games) and has a ""take over the world through back alley means"" main goal (like Grand Theft Auto or Tropico). It begins with you making a ""custom"" character (you pick one of six portraits, his starting weapon and his stats). After that, your story picks up and you go from immigrant to booze king of New York during the Prohibition. Typical gameplay involves sending one of your six on hand gang members (all of which are preselected) to buy one of three main commodities in the game (beer, liquor or guns), steal any of the commodities, sell any of the commodities, establish a property that deals with any of these things, or just accumulates money. Every now and then, you will need to go into a combat mission, which involves you picking four (and only four) of your six gang members. Each character does have their own special weapons and talents (healing abilities, morale boosting abilities, etc.) and you get to plan out the assault/raid/assassination. Here are the reasons I didn't like this game: 1.) They don't let you customize the main character as much as, say, Baldur's Gate, nor do they let you make custom characters to bring into the game (like Freedom Force). 2.) the learning curve is horizontal until the very, VERY last mission. Then it becomes vertical. In other words, I ended up rage quitting over how easy and not challenging everything was after they decided to make the last mission 20x harder than the previous missions. 3.) You are given a multiplayer option that nobody uses (pay $40 for this game or nothing for TF2, Planetside, Dota 2, or Tribes: Ascend?). 4.) This game was very cheaply made, and that's coming from a guy who still will play Heroes of Might and Magic 4, Zeus: Master of Olympus and other cheaply made strategy games. There are spelling/ grammar errors everywhere, the jokes they make in this game are dumb and the voice acting quality leaves me wondering if the white guy sniper is actually black, or if the drunken irish doctor is actually Italian. 5.) There is absolutely no replay value and very restricted freedom in the game. After you beat the campaign (and the dlc, if you REALLY think that's a sound investment), you have an open sandbox mode (which isn't bad, to be fair) and the aforementioned multiplayer mode. Considering that Kalypso made this (yes, the people who made Tropico made this crap), I was disappointed with the fact that I couldn't just put a hit on random people (random buildings, yes, random people (Mike Hodges, etc) no). While Kalypso is doing everything to always add content and fix bugs, it simply isn't worth the price. For $40, buy XCOM or the newest Tropico. For $5.99 or less, go toGOG.comand you'll find several quality strategy games that trump this little thing.***YEARS LATER EDIT***Back when I wrote this review, the price was $39.99. It has since dropped down to $19.99. Many new features have also been added to this game since then. I haven't played the game since, but would I purchase what I played for $19.99 at present day? No, I'd wait until the price drops to $9.99. But that's just my $0.02. Do as you please."
,Not Recommended,208520,19663970,"Posted: 12 December, 2015",all,SFE,"For those old enough to remember, there was once a pretty decent game called Gangsters 2: Vendetta - a game where you could hire gangsters, buy them weapons, cars, muscle (IE - bodyguards), direct them to whatever point on the map you needed them to be, attack rival gangs and their businesses, take over their territory, set up legit businesses, set up illegal businesses, protect your businesses from rivals, all whilst staying hidden from the law.Now imagine if someone had taken all that, thrown it out of the window, and replaced it with a gangster themed boardgame of Monopoly. Because thats all this is, every mission - buy a fake business, create a speakeasy to sell booze, make money, win level. The cops or rival gangs never barge in on your operations, and if you DO somehow get the cops attention (perhaps by murdering a few people in a boredom induced rage), slip em a few hundred dollars and they'll forget all about the corpses they've just discovered.Its a sad state of affairs when I can genuinely say that a 16 year old game beats this into the ground."
76561198021559677,Recommended,208520,12643150,"Posted: 26 October, 2014",all,Malaficus Shaikan,"I got this game as gift for preordering an other game.Now i am not really into crime games but i was bored so i gave it a try.I loved every second of it.If you consider buying this game:Dont.It isnt grand theft auto, tropico or anything big like that.It is a fun little game where you do missions and build a criminal empire.It has a good money system, a nice combat system and a decent story.Just dont have high expectations.This game is a fun because it is simple, easy and doesnt require much thought beyond your basic:Action and consequence.I only recommend it for people who like me:Want our games to be games and not interactive movies."
76561197975744062,Not Recommended,208520,31749934,Posted: 14 May,all,stuguy909,"This game would have been cool if the missions weren't objective based and reset your economy, techs, characters, and location with each new mission.  After a few missions, I just got tired of doing the same management crap over and over again.  One giant city with factions and continous play would have been preferable.  The tactical combat aspect of the game is ok I guess.  Not great.  Some folks hated it, but it was decent I guess.  Overall, I just won't recommend this game, it just isn't all that interesting to be honest.  My friends would hate this game and be mad if I made them play it.  Gangsters 2 was a better game IMO.  Gangers: Organized Crime is out over on gog.  If you know how to spin up a Windows XP machine or VM, it's fun if you like old games."
76561198056421091,Recommended,208520,15685102,"Posted: 4 May, 2015",all,TAW | Lachezar,"Great atmosphere game, which transports you into the 1920's Atlantic City and lets you climb the crime ladder in the turbulent times of the Prohibition.Always start with the positive:+ Graphics are neat, even on my laptop I can run high end settings.+ Pictures and 2D art are amazing+ Decoration and attention to detail bring this world to life.+ Great jazz music form the era+ Superb voice acting+ Turn-based combat (think the 90's Fallout 1&2)+ Jobs are varied and dynamic, some provoke armed confrontations.+ Useful skills and perks.+ Character creation based on background, can make interesting bosses.+ Because your gang members are such memorable characters you can get an emotional attachment to them like in X-Com or Darkest Dungeon (with much lower mortality rates than those two games).Although:- Missions require you to restart building your empire in each neighborhood.- Story can be completed rather quickly once you get the hang of the game.- Because it is all scripted, there is little replayability value (even though I still did a second playthrough and some free-mode as well).- Leveling up is scripted.Overall, the game is really fun for awhile and if you love the era it's a must have. Otherwise pick this up on sale (reg. price is only 20$, 10 makes it a steal)Thumbs up!"
,Recommended,208520,10158132,"Posted: 18 May, 2014",all,InfiniteBoat,"Its an ok game all-in-all.  I played it for a few hours then uninstalled after buying it on sale, but after watching a couple seasons of Boardwalk Empire I had to try it again.  The game isn't that deep, and the strategic gameplay is a bit weak.  The story however, and all of the little typical Kalypso/Tropico esque NPCs with their jokes and side quests can keep you entertained. *** EXTRA COPY LONG GONE *** Message me before you buy it, I have an extra copy from when it was $2, be more than happy to send it if you want the game."
,Not Recommended,208520,7927958,"Posted: 5 December, 2013",all,Yawnstar,"Outside of its fights, Omerta is some sort of mind-numbing occupational therapy for the slowest of days, inside of them, it's often an incompetent carbon copy of much older and much better titles. It's not even that it's so bad that it's good. It's just boring and its plain existence is free of any relevance whatsoever."
,Recommended,208520,12371393,"Posted: 4 October, 2014",all,RogerDAce,"Pros:Great turn-based combatGood character developmentGood graphicscombat can be auto-resolvedCons:Limited Upgrade oppurtunitiesSometimes felt like repeating the same stuff did in previous missionsAI is always lucky in combat and weapons accuracy is wrong imoI don't understand why it got such poor ratings in many gaming websites. If anyone know about Chicago 1930, an old school game similar to this. I felt like playing the same great game with much more advanced features and gameplay. Not to spoil the main character development is one of the best. If you are a mafia fan and like the turn based games, I think this one is worth buying it"
76561198030176685,Not Recommended,208520,7342337,"Posted: 8 October, 2013",all,Kaustek,Such a great idea; such a terrible execution.$40 For a game that could have been made in 90's.Poor combat mechanics (enemies spawn out of nowhere; most of the time right next to you.)Boring overall gameplay. I was able to figure everything out in 15 minutes and from there it felt like playing a Zynga game with energy. Having to wait to do things......Did I mention that it's $40? Might as well make it free and port it for Facebook.
76561197978094429,Not Recommended,208520,31535095,Posted: 3 May,all,Wolf,if you upgrade your computer and reinstall this game you will have to contact the game studio to ask them to unlock the CD key again before you can play. I would almost try to get into the game again but the hassle of asking them to unlock the cd key is very annoying. also I hate games now that make you make an account with them before you can play. This is a stupid thing you only have to do on PC's and it should not be allowed. I buy a game let me play without your BS. I feel like they are treating me as a pirate even when I buy the game.
,Recommended,208520,13355935,"Posted: 13 December, 2014",all,Saint_Ceadda,"Omerta - City of Gangsters is a strategic simulation that puts you in the shoes of a small-time mafia don running a very small outfit during the height of Prohibition. The game is reminiscent of Gangsters 2 and Gangland, utilizing similar economic and battle mechanics, but lacking some of the depth and scope of the older games.The gameplay is divided amongst ""levels,"" neighborhoods of a city in which a specific mission must be accomplished to continue to the next. Most of the missions are relatively straightforward and do not require a great deal of strategy to accomplish. The battle mechanics are also somewhat clunky and unrealistic, and is by far the most challenging aspect of the game due to the limitations. When the mission is completed, the level ends abruptly without an option to continue building your empire in that neighborhood.Sandbox mode offers more of a challenge, allowing you to set the police coverage to high and offering rival gangs that can quickly move in on your territory, take over your businesses, and attack your ""hideout."" The neighborhoods are rather small, however, and really restrict the scope this game could have.Despite the problems, however, this is the best organized crime strategy game that has hit the market since Gangland was released in 2004. It has been enjoyable for hours and I recommend purchasing it on sale."
,Recommended,208520,32997091,Posted: 29 June,all,Papa Wasi,"I bought this game after binge watching Boardwalk Empire and suffering from withdrawl. It immediately made me feel better. Omerta captures the atmosphere with the music, maps and characters perfectly.The henchmen and NPC contacts have distinct personalities, despite (mostly) only having a few voiced catchphrases. There is a good selection of henchmen with different talents and abilities; some vastly better than others. There is also weapon variety, from brass knuckles to sniper rifles, and a cheap respec option that makes new builds and switching to new weapons easy. The story is engaging and most henchmen are introduced through it. When they are not and just unlock silently after completing a map, it does feel a bit disappointing though.Though the basics to get the business running on a new map are a bit repetitive, it doesn't bore me to tears. Neither does the tactical combat, in which skills and team composition matter a lot. It is true that you start out as the world's worst gunman, but as you level and gain new abilities, that can change. I say ""can"" because the popular approach of just giving everyone a tommygun and thinking it's the pinnacle of strategy won't work. It may not be the deepest combat system, but it does require some thought to get a capable gang running.The DLC adds new missions and henchmen, some of which belong to the best you can hire (specifically Jan Koloff from Bulgarian Colossus, who can become a near immortal marathon running tank), so I definitely recommend picking up the Gold Edition.I have nothing but praise for the single player mission, but the multiplayer component is a massive let down. You do not get to play on the strategic city map and take on a rival player's gang. All you get is the tactical combat, where you have to unlock and level henchmen and weapons, painfully, one by one, and the co-op mode has no in-game chat to coordinate with the other player either. The entire multiplayer option feels tacked on and unfinished. If you are looking for a fun single player experience, I can't recommend this enough. But if you are looking for something to play against friends, look elsewhere."
,Recommended,208520,9992658,"Posted: 1 May, 2014",all,Folkmar Sigmund,"The game is a ""manage your criminal organization"" strategy game, with turn-based combat missions and a setting in 1920's Atlantic City.First of all, the mood and atmosphere is excellent.  The graphics and music are really good.  The voice-acting is fairly decent.  Although the story is rather stereotypical, it isn't bad by any means.About the gameplay, I like to compare it to Xcom Enemy Unknown, because they both combine  a management game with turn-based combat missions.  Xcom EU won several prices last year, including strategy game of the year, and got generally high reviews.From what I heard, the reason Omerta got bad criticism was mostly due to bugs and the management aspect being fairly simple.  Funny enough, I feel the same applies easily to Xcom EU: base management is totally simplified compared to classic Xcom, and multiplayer is so bugged it's hardly playable.  The difference is Xcom patches only seemed to scratch the surface, while I've recently played a lot of Omerta and haven't encountered a single bug.And what about the turn-based combat ?  Well, I actually prefer Omerta, I really feel they did a great job on that.  Especially ""line of sight"", which is a serious issue in XCom, is well executed in Omerta.  Everything also seems to be nicely balanced.  I'm not sure how active the multiplayer community is, I'm afraid it's pretty dead thanks to the bad publicity the game received.Bugs: no big issues I'm aware ofManagement part : fun, but pretty casual, not that much replay valueTurn-based strategy missions : excellentGangster setting : greatMaybe I'm biased because I really like both the genre (management + turn-based strategy) and the setting (gangsters).  So it probably depends what you're looking for.  Biggest issue seems to me the limited replay value."
,Not Recommended,208520,11541796,"Posted: 3 August, 2014",all,Nox,"This game is one small design change away from enjoyable for me.  Currently action points and movement points are separate.  That means that there is really no such thing as a good defensive position, because sucidally aggressive AI who outnumber you on every mission 3-4 to one are going to run up and hit you with a pipe wrench from out of sight before you can stop them.  Even if they only get one hit, that's one foot into the grave for that guy.The devs chose to greatly simplify tactics so there's not really any good overwatch, no defensive positions and the tactics are very sloppy unless the AI does super dumb stuff like stop in the doorway.Also - and this is a minor gripe - the gaim's main enemy are KKK members.  I don't love the KKK any more than the next guy, but it feels stupid.  Since when is the KKK running around with submachine guns fighting the mafia?  I feel like this is a clumsy grab and making you feel like you're the good guy.FFS you're a gangster.  Do we have to sanitize and white hat everything?"
,Recommended,208520,13988642,"Posted: 14 January, 2015",all,eenplakjeham,"Nice theming, shallow gameplay. Every mission makes you start all over again, leading to repetitive and drawn-out gameplay. The combat sequences are nice, and can get pretty tense. Tactical play and thinking ahead is encouraged. Could not finish the game after starting the umpteenth mission and having to build everything up yet again. Overall impression is that the game feels like it was made five years ago. Recommended if you're watching Boardwalk Empire and jonesin' for a fix. Definitely a '6' or a '7' if you're into the period."
,Not Recommended,208520,7935542,"Posted: 5 December, 2013",all,baevar,"It's like a mobster version of X-Com except that skill doesn't really get you far enough to not feel that you're completely at the mercy of RNG.  That is mixed with a turn based city builder that is somewhat fun, but really no depth to it.  It's like if Tropico was a facebook game, including the part where you just have to sit there and look at your screen until you accrue more resources to do the next thing you want to do.  Cover is completely broken, still. I really can't believe they're putting out DLC without fixing a horribly broken cover system.  Enemies shoot you through walls, barrels, objects etc. sometimes hitting on all 3 shots a turn even though your guy shouldn't even be visible in his current cover spot.  On the flip side, sometimes your character can't see someone who would be quite obviously visible if the situation were real.  I literally had an enemy stab me through a window, end his turn there, but then my man standing right outside the (ground floor) window couldn't see him...It still manages to be fun at times, which makes its complete failures more frustrating.What gets me writing this review though, is the dishonesty of selling this game as ""75% off, down to $9.99 (USD)""This game is nowhere. freaking. close. to a $40 game.  This is one of those bargain bin games that doesn't realize it should be selling at $10 on a normal day at this point, been out for a long time, no buzz generated, deservedly poor metacritic reviews.So ok, if I mark up a turd by 10 times what it's worth, and then discount it to twice what it's worth, is that a deal?Anyway, wait till it drops down to proper turd prices.  Pay $5 for this game, tops."
,Recommended,208520,8490188,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,BuDMan,"Amazing game... for about a day or two :-(. The first time playing through was very fun, but after I beat the game it was painfully boring to play again. Not really enough to do within the game to make it replayable. And, it does not take very long to beat... I played for about 2-4 hours a day, and it did not take me anymore than maybe four days MAX to beat it.However, I do recommend this game as it is pretty fun the first time you play."
76561197971632188,Recommended,208520,11624552,"Posted: 9 August, 2014",all,Draconios,A nice entry level to tactical turn based games.  The economy of the game is no where near as deep as the Tropico games but it integrates well with the theme and time period of the game.  The weapons are limited but feel solid for the time period.  The voice acting is funny and not too cheesy.  Character development is not too deep but gets the job done.  Overall it was a fun game and I enjoyed it!  I would recommend for fans of gangster games and the Tropico series!
76561198092344618,Recommended,208520,31923060,Posted: 23 May,all,SweVo - Elite,"Really like this game and the story board, great fun even though it's very repetative.Hope they make a new and better sequel to this, we need more games that are based on Board Walk Empire and the Al Capone era.In general a good game!"
,Recommended,208520,19879495,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,SansPants,"I'm going to have to recommend this one, overall.It's not as deep as some of the games of yesteryear (see: Gangsters - Organized Crime), but the scenarios are interesting and the building trees coupled with limited spaces make you really think about what kind of gangster you're going to be - loved, feared, or both. The turn-based combat portions are solid, but not fantastic. The storyline highlights various facets of life in the 20s, with some romanticism thrown in. There's a certain faction you run into early on that, I'll admit, is very satisfying to shoot in the face.The music is also too damn catchy.If you like the era and want a modern take on the whole gangster thing, grab this and the DLC. Especially if it's on sale."
,Recommended,208520,29478420,Posted: 25 January,all,TeddyStyle,"Omerta - City of Gangster is a mix of a couple of things fused togheter. The concept, the combat and the managing your empire. It has his own platform which you can log into and play with others, if the multiplayer wasn't dead, but there is still a sandbox mode to play aside of the story which is similar to it. You can choose one of the districts in the city and you can choose an objective to reach before the rival gang does, unless free to play, or you can always kill them just to be sure.The concept is as you didn't guess from the title nor the explenation beforehand a mafia game and I would say that the concept is similar to what we saw in the godfather. You start of as a Don that is working for another Don and you work your way up the ranks and finally becoming the Don of the city. As a Don you will encouter a lot of competitors and things that will make your life hard but showing your dominance will make them all back off. The game will definitly try its best to give you a very hard time even at the easiest difficulty. The music in the game is good, although it may seem repetitive, but it definitely fit the mafia theme with the jazz music. Not to mention the voices in the game which really gave the feeling that you were talking to gangsters. There are jokes in the game that pretty funny and reference other games.The managing system is similar to Tropico, at least from what I heard it did seem familiar to me somehow, but I'm not familar enough with Tropico to tell how much it is similar. You start off with dirty money and you can rent premesis or joints or constructions, with clean money, and build buildings that make dirty or clean money or make resources that you can sell like beer liquor or firearms. Obviously there is also an option to launder dirty into clean money. There is also a sort of market where you can buy and sell or ask favors from other mafioso. If the local businesses make you mad you can always raid them for resources or drive by them to kill them and make the building empty. If you get along you can buy the business if you want to. You can send out your henchmen or yourself out the district to undergo one of the actions in the map. A timer on the henchmen would be nice showing how much time there is needed until the action is complete.The combat is similar is to the XCOM series or the Expedition series which means it adds a strategic value to the game. You can send in 4 or 3 henchmen, rarely, and send one other henchmen on a support mission. This can vary to giving you sight on the combat map, acting as an assassin and shooting at the enemy from time to time, making them drunk and reducing movement, or bribing the cops to make them come later. Your henchmen can have melee weapons or ranged guns. You get movement points and attack points which you can use to kill the enemies in the map. What I like about the combat system is that you can play at least 4 characters every time instead of playing only the Don with AI backup. What I doubt sometimes is the percentages of when you can hit an enemy or miss. When you are behind cover and you see an enemy next to a box right in front of you the chance should be 80-90% that you hit them right? No, the chance is barely 50% which is pretty weird. Depending on  the mission type you sometimes get the losing condition if you didn't kill them all in x amount of turns which I think they could replace with reinforcements in x amount of turns. If you killed them in time you can escape easily but if not you have to face them and the reinforcements.If one of these aspects doesn't appeal to you you shouldn't pick this up but if you like one or two of them and you are curious about the last one you should try it. It really depends on preference here because it is an pretty long game and you will have to manage and will have to fight a lot in this game. If the mafia aspect appeals to you but not the other aspects I suggest you pick up The Godfather games instead, which are unfortunately not on steam."
,Recommended,208520,22463764,"Posted: 16 April, 2016",all,BritishRail60062,"I bought the ""Gold Edition"" pack of this game in the sale at the end of last year. This is a turn-based game when doing the missions and choosing the right weapons for your team can mean the differences between success and failure. You can do many things in this game from buying assets to establish your businesses to doing trades with other criminals and bribing the authorities to turn a blind eye. Its a good linear-based storyline and has a decent reply value to the game. However it can be annoying with some of the auto-resolve in missions if you use it as I have lost battles despite the fact that the chance of success has been more than 75%. But in all honesty. If you like mob-based games like I do, then this is worth a try."
,Recommended,208520,12798670,"Posted: 4 November, 2014",all,Neohanja,"It is hard to say, as I am torn on this one. I would give it a 6 out of 10. If it is on sale, Pick it up, it is fun. But sadly, it gets old fast. There is barely too much for replayability - in fact, after the first few levels, you start noticing there is barely too much for advancement.First of all, I loved Mob Rules from back in the early/mid 90s. I'm also a fan of stories about the prohibition era. I don't think society would cope with prohibition now, and much less in the 20s when this took place. That is why stories are so fascinating to me. But every game about the mob during prohibition is the same, more or less, and they run dry after long.I'll sum it up with a list of pros and cons:Pros:- Good story line. It isn't strong, and in fact, far from original. But it is still a good story line. It is a little unique, but nothing special. Start small, build a reputation, and become big. It even spans the full prohibition era, for the most part.- Pretty decent city management sim. Again, nothing special here, but it is fun for a bit. There are quite a few options.- Plenty of maps. Each one increases in options and difficulty - but again, nothing too spectacular.- A lot of weapons and skills. Henchmen have plenty of skills to choose from, and each one can bring unique things to the table. You also have plenty of henchment to chose from based on play styles, so if you want a team of masterminds, or maybe thugs - there is room for this.Cons:- Every level, you start fresh. You bring a little bit from previous missions, and you get more increasing difficulties.- Every map starts becoming the same thing - over and over again. Start small, build up without becoming too noticed by the cops. Bribe them, and keep a low profile. They become terribly easy and uncreative after long, especially when you start learning what to do.- The learning curve isn't great enough to keep a steady interest. It is easy to learn, and easy to master. Again, once you find a good solid stratagy, every map is the same. There may be one curve ball here and there - but nothing to special.- The game only becomes more ""difficult"" because people rat you out (to be expected) and because the prohibition is coming to an end, cutting into your profits (again, to be expected). No real sense of accomplishment, more a sense of ""Well, I survived and made a profit early on...""- The story can be exceptionally predictable. No real surprises, and very few curveballs to keep you on your toes. Easy to go on autopilot.- After finding a winning stratagy, the game turns into ""Send henchmen somewhere, afk for a few minutes, come back and check on profits and missions completed.""- Rival AI is.... lacking. Seriously, there is no challenge from them. They litterally let you walk all over them and don't try to stop you. You can raid their places too easily, but nothing from them to retaliate. It's like they don't care at all they are losing to you.- Severe lack of a hard mode at all... At least, I didn't notice any difference on the difficulty settings.Again - It is a good game, don't get me wrong. but not really a $30-40 game.... Maybe a cool $8 game on holiday/summer sale, when you want to see what the prohibition is like."
,Not Recommended,208520,955935,"Posted: 23 June, 2013",all,Varaosa,"ENG:If Kalypso cares more their customers more, then that game was fine, but ""NO"" now, because Kalypso Media Digital -game!Kalypso games are not worth 10 euros more valuable good-which usually includes more than overcharge micro-payment-add-ons. In other cases, you should not buy.FIN:Jos Kalypso hulehtisi enemmän heidän asiakkaistaan niin peli olisi hyvä, mutta ""EI"", koska Kalypso Media Digital -Peli!Kalypso pelit eivät ole arvoltaan 10 euroa arvokkaampia laatuunsa nähden, joka yleensä sisältää vielä yli hinnotellut mikromaksu lisäosat. Muissa tapauksissa kannattaa jättää ostamatta."
,Not Recommended,208520,7973290,"Posted: 8 December, 2013",all,President Barackbar,"When I first saw the teaser trailer for Omerta: City of Gangsters, I was pretty excited. A game that takes place in 1920's Atlantic City where you play as a mob boss? That sounds awesome! Sadly, Omerta City of Gangsters is more bathtub gin than fine wine.One of this game's biggest problems is that it is pretty boring. There is a lot of downtime during the management sections, since there is no ability to speed up time. This is a pretty glaring omission considering this game uses almost the same kind of city managment style as the Tropico series, which does have the ability to speed up time. When you send a gangester out on a mission, like buying a property to set up a business, they have to walk all the way there and all the way back. This can be sped up by stealing cars, but it still takes far too long. The structure of a lot of the missions also means that you spend a lot of time simply sitting around waiting for your businesses to accumulate x number of dollars so you can move on to the next stage, with nothing interesting to do in the meantime. The game also has a ""heat"" system, which is the only real failure state. By committing crimes, you generate heat. When your heat reaches 5 stars, the police will launch an investigation. If you can't  weasel your way out of it via a bribe, you lose. You would think that a system like this is in place so players have a risk/reward with high heat actions gaining more money but also more heat, but everything you do in the game generates heat, so its basically just an arbitrary timer that ticks up as you play.All of this would be a little more forgivable if the other major section of the game was any better. That other section being turn based squad combat heavily inspired by XCOM. You bring a small squad of gangsters armed with various weapons, including the iconic Tommy gun, on a mission to take over businesses or rob banks. The weapon variety is extremely limited, with only eight different weapons to choose from, three of them being melee weapons.  The game features a cover system that works identically to XCOM, with cover reducing the enemy chance to hit, as well as the damage recieved.Unfortunately, because the combat had to be balanced with melee weapons in mind, the guns are extremely weak. Because of this, cover is not extremely vital. The AI will constantly just run up to you, never bothering to take cover, and proceed to shoot you from point blank or charge you down with melee weapons. The only two weapons this strategy doesn't really work against are the Tommy gun and the shotgun, since both fire in a cone that is more concentrated the closer they are to the target. Even this would be slightly more forgivable if it meant that you had to more carefully arm your gangsters to counter the enemy, but the way weapon acquistion is handled in the game is also problematic. Every character in the game has a default weapon and a distinct playstyle, but you can aquire new weapons from arms dealers in the world. However, the arms dealers only sell one weapon, and what weapon it is is completely random. If you are hunting for a Tommy gun and all the arms dealer has is a baseball bat, you are out of luck. The ability to either buy whatever weapon you want from arms dealers, or the ability to loot enemies would have made the game a lot more enjoyable,Unfortunately for Omerta, I must break the code of silence to say that this is not a very good game. It has a lot of potential, but executes on almost none of it. Hopefully the developers can take some of these lessons on to create a better sequel, but for the time being, Omerta has been fitted for a pair of concrete slippers and thrown into the Hudson River."
76561198059255221,Recommended,208520,12435420,"Posted: 10 October, 2014",all,Transluminal Rabbit,"A great game, for those who like city/building, and xcom tactic like combat areas. Not a fan of mob stuff, but liked this game very much, the cast was very enjoyable, and their development was great. story/dlc stories are excellent as well."
,Not Recommended,208520,16147607,"Posted: 2 June, 2015",all,tieio,"Great idea, pretty nifty theme but it just fails to deliver. The execution of this game is lacking and the depth is, well, not deep. I got this game free so I have no qualms about what I paid for it, but if I had paid anything more than $5 I would feel ripped off."
,Not Recommended,208520,1488839,"Posted: 2 February, 2013",all,Deathstar,"I really wanted to like Omerta. It seemed like one of those instant bestsellers popping out of nowhere. After having played it for quite a while though, I cannot recommend it. You play as an italian (surprise eh) immigrant looking to make a fortune in the U.S.. Most of your actions are performed on a top-down map in real time. You can rent premises, establish some businesses like illegal breweries, boxing rings and pizzerias (yup) and they will generate money and ressources, which can be sold for even more money. You have a selection of gang-members at your disposal who will carry out your orders, like gathering information or eliminating a rival casino. This has all been done before, I remember playing Gangsters 2 by EIDOS and having a lot more fun. My main problem is that missions are way too short and as soon as you finish one, you start another one with all your achievements gone, from scratch. There is no continuity apart from who your gang-members are. You cannot have custom members either, as all of them come with preset backgrounds, portaits and loadouts. Additionally, they threw in a XCOM'esque turn-based-combat system for some special missions. While being an interesting addition, it just does not work that well and, again, other games have done it better. The multiplayer is a joke. You would expect to be able to play a big campaign in a vibrant city with multiple people, but all there is is 1on1 turn-based-combat matches, or Coop against the AI. No big Mafia-empire simulator to have hours of fun in, no intriguing scheme-play between you and your friends... just some rushed, copied gameplay definitely not worth full price."
76561198074825237,Recommended,208520,12809880,"Posted: 5 November, 2014",all,BluntManAndChronic,"I was hesitant when I bought this game because of the mixed review it has but once I played it I instantly loved it. The story line is rich and deep and I particularly like the economy system. Buying and Selling Beer, Liquor, Firearms, and even laundering money/giving a loan. I recommend this game."
76561197974090298,Recommended,208520,14236632,"Posted: 29 January, 2015",all,MikalGrimReaper,Was hoping for something closer to gangsters 2 which I'd give a 9.5 out of 10. This game was more like a 7 out of 10. I like when you can post guards at each facility and your gang memebers get into random shoot outs on the streets. This game has the potential to be great with a lil dlc improvement. Story line was so so. Food for thought.
,Recommended,208520,35096604,Posted: 20 September,all,[GbtP] Bootsy,"I love turn based strategy games. This game is a lazy form of that.This game plays very similar to Tropico when on the city map, but instead of buliding a city you are buying properties and upgrading. And upgrading, over and over until you're maxed out, then finish the mission and start all over again. This is fine for a city builder such as Tropico, it works for Tropico, to a point, but not here.It stops being fun after a while, sooner than expected for me.Now the turn based part. Instead of moving all your units around and then ending your turn, every unit, player controlled and AI, are in a queue. It's never really explained how to queue up faster, if you can. Your units can have special abilities, but most can only be used once per mission. Once. When all your characters are bleeding to death you need to choose carefully which one you heal. So it is recommended to bring your main character and as many medics as you can. This makes the rest of the maybe 30 characters usless for the most part. And that's just as well since you only level up by completing and not by any means of gaining experience.The gameplay and story itself is a watered down cartooney version of a Mafia story. It just felt like I was playing a kids game. A semi violent kids game. I lost interest after about 10 hours and have little desire to pick it up again.TLDR:This is a ""Meh"" game. It's not bad enough to dislike it but it'sjustgood enough to earn a thumbs up.I bought this game on sale, very on sale, and I suggest if you want to try it you should wait for a sale as well."
76561198008335018,Recommended,208520,21199498,"Posted: 13 February, 2016",all,Ironsights,"It took me 27 hours to beat the main story mode on normal difficulty. I probably could have finished much faster, but I enjoyed being thorough on each mission. And enjoying it is what it is all about.The game is quaint, straght forward, and pretty fun. It has basic resource management and turn based tactical strategy, but isn't in depth enough to be stressful.A simple, fun little game with decent replay value. Well worth looking into, especially if you are a fan of the Ganster Era."
,Recommended,208520,11139202,"Posted: 8 July, 2014",all,DizzyEnuf,This game was more fun than I thought it would be.  Gameplay reminded me a lot of the earliest versions of Tropico.
,Not Recommended,208520,7800420,"Posted: 27 November, 2013",all,Kendrick lumurrr,Not worth the $40 I paid to get it. Same missions/Challanges everytime.Boring!!
76561198102202658,Recommended,208520,27462724,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Mayfleet,"First got Omerta three years ago, enjoyed it but my computer didn't (stupid thing).Recently started playing again after change in pc.Enjoying greatly; detailed storyline with challenging but not impossible scenareos.Highly recommended for those who like strategy & simulation type games.Also remember to save regularly, you fail a combat mission and kill off to many mob members!"
,Recommended,208520,28332505,"Posted: 12 December, 2016",all,Basically Suace,An exelent game. By Far and above the best RPG/gangster game ive played on PC ive played for 149 hours and every second was worth it
76561198095689984,Not Recommended,208520,11508768,"Posted: 1 August, 2014",all,Silas Morgan,I was hyped when i played the demo. Then i bought the game.. it gets boring fast. Not much to do to be honest. 4/10
76561198076756950,Recommended,208520,16467794,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,Don. Philly A. L. Falzone,"I recently bought this game, so far so good!It has some challenge, im playing the story mode in medium and im having hard time, maybe i just suck but oh well =DPeople who are interested in mafia genre should give this game a try, its strategic shooter, its not only building houses and making money off them, but to you violent puffs out there, you should know that there is combat encounters and abilities, perks and so on.They even added a thing in the beginning, where you can pick different things that you did in your youth, which will affect the present you! Its great!They really nailed it on this one, its been so fun playing it and i am looking forwad to play it!Pros:+Good soundtracks+Fun experience+Interesting story+Build your own past and future+Build your own empire+Meet interesting people+Multiplayer+Cooperative+""Applesauce!""Cons:-Not the best graphics-Can get very boring, especially when the fights usually repeat themselves- Otherwise the game seems alright to me. Try it, the price is right too! -8,5/10  -Philly Falzone"
76561197971724802,Not Recommended,208520,24922667,"Posted: 14 August, 2016",all,Pontifex Maximus,"Taking the role of a fresh-from-the-boat immigrant, with dreams of the big life, you must work your way up the criminal hierarchy of 1920s Atlantic City. Starting with small jobs, you'll recruit a gang and expand your empire by taking territory from other gangsters, to the point where you eventually establish your own crime syndicate and become the de facto ruler of this world.Practically everything you do is in search of more of the game’s resources--dirty and clean money, firearms, liquor, and beer. There exists a strange economy where you can exchange any of these items for another through various offers that get posted over time. Generally, each level in the campaign will ask you to harvest a certain amount of a particular resource or two. The system is interesting at first, but it quickly proves itself to be easily gamed. Your task is usually simply turning one thing which you have a lot of into something you don’t have much of. It’s just a matter of finding someone with the right offer for you--50 units of beer for $500 in dirty money, or 20 firearms for 20 bottles of liquor, for example.The need to distinguish between dirty money and clean income hints at depths that never appear. Then that mission ends, you're dumped on a new map, all benefits of your previous success magically erased as you start over from scratch again.As you progress through the game, the roster of mobsters will increase, each coming with their own specific weapon, and preference for violence. While this does vary the action, the whole thing becomes dangerously unbalanced; melee becoming a very distant second to anybody with a gun.Omerta: City of Gangstersfeels under-developed and too clunky, which quickly sucks the joy out of playing. For me this game is an offer I CAN refuse, I can't recommendOmerta: City of Gangstersto even the biggest mafia fan. But if you feel this game might be something you'd enjoy, at least play the demo before spending any hard-earned cash.THE GOOD- A good idea for a game- A variety of mission types- Colourful cast of charactersTHE BAD- Slow-paced, restrictive, and dull- The game feels dated- Cover system is broken- Underdeveloped UI- Insufficient feedback mechanics- Fails to deliver on its potential in any area3/10DISASTER |BAD| MEDIOCRE | OKAY | GOOD | GREAT | AMAZING | MASTERPIECE"
76561197964377815,Recommended,208520,25081819,"Posted: 22 August, 2016",all,taeH 1,"yes, it could have been much better and really make more out of the gangster setting. however, it was still a lot of fun especially with the add-on. the economical part and the fights are pretty tough on higher difficulty levels. with a lot of different weapons and gangsters the fights are pretty cool, so look forward to it!"
,Recommended,208520,8099695,"Posted: 17 December, 2013",all,[SIN7]\m/ Dean \m/,"I have a thing for Gangster themed games, whilst the Godfather 2 was pretty much panned im the few who enjoyed it quite a lot and it seems I’ve done it again with Omerta, well almost.Omerta is at heart a turn based shooter (Similar to that of XCOM however not anywhere near as good) and most of the time you spend in a real time strategy scenario in different parts of the city, and your main goal is to make dirty and clean cash whilst completing objectives on the RTS mode and certain objectives in the TBS mode.Easily the weakest points about Omerta is the combat, its fairly terrible and whilst its fun when you have a badass team, unfairly balanced missions means you rarely have fun in the combat mode at least for me though im not a massive turn based shooter fan so im fairly bias on that. The redeeming features is the rather fun management mode in the RTS sections that gladly you spend at least 80% of your time doing. Buying buildings and construction sites to build many different buildings. These earn you fear and Respect,  and happiness and people like you more, both needed for certain aspects of the game.  However most importantly you earn money, sweet sweet money.The graphics of the game are fairly well done, they look well detailed and the game ran perfectly on my system at 120fps constant. I didn’t test if the game was 3D or not however the time needed to play the game id rather not play it long hours with 3D enabled regardless. The story is sadly just lacking, I felt uninterested in the story other than what the objectives were and paid no attention to the overall story of the game and whilst I enjoyed the music a lot in the game I couldn’t help feel it didn’t match the game.Pros:-	Nice Gangster themed game that hits all the notes.-	Good art design and graphics-	Nice RTS intergration.Cons:-	Just purely unenjoyable combat-	Feels dragged out-	Gets very repetitive early on into the gameI would give this game a 5/10, it has many issues, I missed a bunch of them as well as the launch of the game was said to be horrific so im glad I missed out on them however the game feels barebones yet enjoyable for the single play though I did, I just couldn’t wait to finish it.- Dean- I'd only really get it, if you like me like Ganster themed games, no matter the big flaws."
,Not Recommended,208520,23287604,"Posted: 30 May, 2016",all,General Coalition,"I really like the concept and the gameplay, but the game itself has some small issues.There is not enough in-game missions.There are not enough in-game different things to do.I don't know if i could recommend the game. It is i funny to play, but not for along time.I will not recommend this game, on the price of 19,99 Euro.If on sale i can recommend buying it."
76561198044715587,Recommended,208520,8009902,"Posted: 11 December, 2013",all,Dogcar20,"I played omerta this week and it made me an offer I couldn't refuse. This game caught my eye because it combined some of my favorite things gangsters and stragtey games. This game takes us back to a prohibition Atlantic City or commonly known as the playground of the world. And in this city you can build you're criminal empire anyway you choose whether you go mostly clean and build pharmacies to sell ""medical liquor"" to the masses or set up a safehouse to set up for a heist. After setting up your money makers you're going to need to fight off you enemies, whitch could vary between the KKK or a rival gang looking to take your business and your spot as a big time mob family. And if you're going to declare war on these other factions you're going to need henchmen to dirty work and take a bullet for you every now and then. Each goon has their own backrounds and bios but ultimately you end up caring about one and the rest are cannon fodder; my favorite ended up being sqiugs. But each character has his or her own weapon any where from brass knuckles to tommy guns to shotguns. And speaking of weapons the combat is a lot like X-COM with cover and percentage based shots but, unlike X-COM not all cover and buildings are breakable which makes sense, bullets can only do so much damage and in X-COM you can not build and destoy mob empires. And the guns all serve their purpose with shotguns and tommy guns being for wide spread damage, and rifles and pistols being more accurate. And the mulltiplayer seem to have good intentions but, it dosen't have the empire constructing; just the combat. In the end, the multiplayer feels tacked on. Well, we come to the big question is this game worth the money and I find myself saying its worth you're money, but not worth Forty Dollars. I aqiured this game on sale and I reconmend the same or at least untill a price drop. But don't get me wrong this game is deserving of your money, but in my opinion not Forty Dollars."
,Recommended,208520,10325922,"Posted: 2 June, 2014",all,Jester,"I'm about 50/50 on recommending this game.The management side is fine, super compelling for quite a while, but once I got to the end game for the fist time, I had zero desire to do it all again.Then there is the battle encounters... after playing xcom, this feels super clunky and not at all intuative.~Essentially, this game is a solid ""OK"", if you are tempted, maybe wait for it to come up in a sale."
76561198055029245,Recommended,208520,12795374,"Posted: 4 November, 2014",all,Knyce,"brillant game if you can pick it up cheap, relaxing game very chilled out, but it is not xcom no where near as stressy"
,Recommended,208520,8613769,"Posted: 7 January, 2014",all,Sir_Michael,This game will really make you hate the jews..
,Recommended,208520,28156278,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,Armaggeddon,"It's a good game, especially for business-sim lovers.One could easily tell that it's made on the same engine as Tropico games, and I thing most people that like Tropico will like this game as well.Could it be better ?- Yes, on some scenarios you get rich fast, but have notthing else to do with the money, because you bought everything in the city. Also, you have to wait for your players to finish their tasks, which sometimes is annoying. There are other thinbgs that could be improved, but the game is authentic, it's a great idea behind it and it was realiyed mostly well.Out of 10 stars, I would give it a 7 or 6.5, but it would be in the upper ratings for sure."
,Recommended,208520,30058227,Posted: 20 February,all,W0lF,"The original game wasn't really worthwhile, mainly because it was quite buggy. But the developers actually patched a lot, added a bunch of new features and with the ""Japanese Incentive"" DLC it actually became quite a good game, which I enjoyed very much!To be fair, XCOM and XCOM 2 have the same Gameplay behind it just... executed better, but if you've already played through those, I can really recommend this game! Especially the Gold Edition during a sale."
,Recommended,208520,21495957,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,Spudgetical,"This is the kinda game that needs a 'so so' button - not a thumbs up or thumbs down.Its an ok game - kinda like Gangsters 'monopoly'. Basically you buy/capture buildings, set up shops and generate income to buy weapons/sell booze etc and upgrade your gangsters skills/weapons/levels to win the game... and then rince repeat for each level. Obviously the more property/income you have, the easier it becomes.The fighting part of the campaigns are turn based and require some thinking and planning. This can be challenging and fun - probably the best bit IMHO. Multiplayer with some friends is pretty fun in this as well. The rest of the game is mediocre. You dont really feel like you are the gang boss... its more like you're just managing it. So not real immersive and doesnt get you hooked enough to feel for the characters or that you are one of the characters.So yes, buy it on sale for a time waster and some mild entertainment. But if your after something like the old games  Gangsters and Gangsters 2 - then this is not the game for you."
76561198249977618,Not Recommended,208520,29241232,Posted: 13 January,all,RadiatorGamer,The game itself is great and I enjoy the concept. But what ruins the game is the gang system. Even on very low difficulty they still spread like wildfire and seem to be undefeatable. On the hardest difficutly I couldn't even rent 2 properties before i lost! This game really needs help.
76561197968331161,Recommended,208520,11831157,"Posted: 23 August, 2014",all,Danger,Surprisingingly adictive
76561197976259471,Recommended,208520,8210161,"Posted: 22 December, 2013",all,AZSLIMJIM,"An awesome game, combines a resource management and squad based rpg. You have to expand your empire over the city, buying breweries and speakeasies, along with many others, during prohibition. There are different weapons with their own stats and specialties, and characters choose perks to help specialize themselves along with their core stats. So far, the story is okay, and the gameplay is fun.9/10"
,Recommended,208520,7940743,"Posted: 6 December, 2013",all,SnowMew~,"The ""tycoon"" style of building your empire can be fun, doing jobs, renting and building establishments, but there's nothing else to it. Just buying, selling and building, with the odd job here and there. Granted that each map gets bigger and has more oppourtunities, it really dosen't give much else to do. You'll spend time just watching over, micro managing, or even not managing at all.The combat system feels like an XCOM style system. Granted that again there isn't much to it, just taking cover, shooting over cover, killing badguys and stealing loot, you'd get more fun out of an XCOM game. Granted you can play using perma-death rules, the only real penalties for losing mob members is a slow down in activities during the tycoon stage, and the invevitable game over.Overall if the two sections were fleshed out more and felt better to play with, it'd be more fun. A good game that lacks substance but, if it had said substance it'd be an awesome game. Still if you planning on grabbing it, watch it go on sale."
,Recommended,208520,13940405,"Posted: 11 January, 2015",all,Albert Einstein,"A relatively fun game to play, altrough it is not a game like the other games, you see your character from the top, and you have to click it around, enter shooting scenes and all that.Recommended!"
,Recommended,208520,12915511,"Posted: 12 November, 2014",all,Lethal_Squ1rtz,"Torn on a decent review for the game itself, or the lack of a better Gangster game. I am ""The Boss"", so they got that right. A turned based point click tactics, such as used in other odler games. Has a good story line, and gives the player decent options to expand his control. Yet lacks that freedom of movement and combat outside of instanced quest zones. It still has life in Sandbox mode even after you defeat the main quest and its multple DLC zones."
,Recommended,208520,7930872,"Posted: 5 December, 2013",all,Patife.,"I do recommend this game. It's a lot of fun. It really puts you in the concept of gangsters.Besides, you have to plan things out, so you can run your business without being suspicious. It's all in the strategy.I played for plenty of minutes REALLY cool for the concept.Still, there are quite some downers. The main reason it's the price of it. I got it on sale (75%), but if wasn't for it, I wouldn't buy it. It's too much for what the game offers you. Another thing is that the maps while you are in the combat phase seem all too much the same. I asked myself plenty of times: ""Haven't I done this mission already?!"" - Just because the maps are all too much alike. Also, if you're the type of person who don't like to wait, this is not the game for you. You got to be patiente about the resources and when to strike (Because of heat).So... I give this game 4 out of 5, if you're not looking to prices. Recommend it :)"
,Recommended,208520,10666879,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,♥DukeMirage♥,"I have always loved gangsters themed game. Omerta is in the same genre as Gangster: The Organized Crime which i played long time ago and it did well. Besides managing your vices/biz, you get involved in combat with your crews. Lots of different weapons to choose from.Conclusion: It's a really fun game but may get a little repetitive."
76561197995201132,Recommended,208520,9495913,"Posted: 15 March, 2014",all,Herb Klein,"Kinda like Tropico mixed with XCOM and is pretty fun. I'd wait till it's on sale though, it's worth ten or 20 dollars but not 40."
,Recommended,208520,19382798,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,VIG,Fun casual  top view turn base shooter with gangster family simulation but not detailed
,Recommended,208520,8714503,"Posted: 15 January, 2014",all,SERIOUSLEE,Is a nice game but the story is too short.By the way im enjoyed.
,Recommended,208520,23102267,"Posted: 20 May, 2016",all,xKRAIZEEMANx,"It is what it is...take it or leave it.I enjoyed it, and feel like I got my money's worth out of it. (I got this on sale and let's face it...most of us get our games this way).The main syle of gameplay (city view"")is pretty straightforward, buy stuff, wait for the task to complete wash, rinse, repeat.Some parts of the game are turn based where your crew fights another crew.Don't like the turn based aspect, you can ""auto resolve"". (% chance..just save before and reload if you fail)You can level up your crew and specialize in certain things (The RPG aspect is only a tiny portion of the game, however).The voice acting isn't horrible and fits in with the setting, though the phrases are repeated enough to drive one insane.Speaking of the setting, it is unique and the story is interesting enough.Fun game that I got for $5...sorry, but I cannot recommend spending $20 on this, much less $30 for the Gold edition (Though the DLC isn't bad)."
,Recommended,208520,26485890,"Posted: 8 November, 2016",all,Redhotviking,"A fun Management game with tactical combat similar to Jagged Alliance and Fallout.You run a mafia crew earning dirty money that needs to be laundered into clean money. Most buildings, upgrades and important deals can be solved with dirty money and is your life line in the game. In addition to the two form of money you also have beer, booze and firearms. These 3 resources are also used in exploring, upgrading and making money.There are 3 level of buildings as well, the Joints, Premises and Construct lots. Some have synergy effect on one another, like Bookmakers improve Boxing Rings and Casinos, Loan Sharks improves Bookmakers and so on. You also have 2 morality scores, Liked and Feared. These affect various buildings you might own. The Management is somewhat simple and easy to master, the combat however is hard and can easily require a restart of the map simply because of a slight mistake or missing a single shot. But I really enjoy the combat, it is my type of difficult. Tactical and fun.Your Mafia Crew have several classes which gives them a core set of abilities, their attribute determins what they are good at. High Mucle gives great movement points and melee damage, Cunning improves Action Points and crit, Finesse Firearms, smarts your initative or sequence of acting and so on. It is important to use cover, and some covers can be destroyed. Grenades have a delay to activate and it is a good thing when the enemy throw a grenade into the room you have placed your troops in, giving you time to get away.Overall a fun game and well worth the money."
76561198057362231,Recommended,208520,34120659,Posted: 9 August,all,Anguille,"I've played both campaigns in this game and it's been a really enjoying and relaxing experience. Both stories are well written and have nice twists. The mood in the game is great with one of the best soundtrack in any game. It really feels like you're a back in that time. Interface is simple and useful. Combat is really great and requires some nice thinking with big maps and fantastic art work. I also love to see the details in the city, i wish there were more of them but it's really well done. Anyway, i recommend this game for people who want to have something relaxing to play."
,Recommended,208520,33826464,Posted: 27 July,all,LionofLannister,"Omerta is a great game but it’s misguided in its marketing. All the pictures and video emphasize the 3rd person battle mode. This is not the main feature of the game. This game is mostly a mafia economy simulator. Most of the game is from a top down perspective in which your character isn’t even visible. You have to conquer resources, and buy out cowards in order to get an economic edge on rival gangs. Occasionally you’ll have to fight a battle, which is what the marketing show. The combat mechanics are decent but in my opinion, luck is too prevalent a factor. This is especially frustrating when your crack team of lunatics loses to a handful of donkey-bellied sheriffs."
,Recommended,208520,10189993,"Posted: 21 May, 2014",all,AlienNutsackInvader,"Great game! This game gets horrible reviews and i guess i did not pay anything for the game (thank you tropico 5) so i cant complain even if it was bad. Overall the game lacks alot of staying power but is fun for 10 or so hours of 1920's fun.Graphics-8/10 Good but not perfectStory- 8/10 Fun but repetativeSandbox- 8/10 again, fun but repetativeGameplay- 9/10 extablishing illegal bussinesses, ect is alot of fun, the fights are fun but they should have made the map smaller and alot more of them, i played the same combat map probabilly 50% of the timeOverall- 8/10 Great little game to pass time!"
,Recommended,208520,8236432,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,aendrew,"A somewhat-simplistic semi-turn-based strategy game (At least compared to, say, Civ), you command a bunch of gangsters working to take control of 1920s Atlantic City. Think ""Boardwalk Empire"" meets ""Tropico"" (The latter of which should feel familiar given it's the same developers).You do business by dealing in three commodities: beer, liquor and firearms. Beer is cheap and easy, liquor is a bit harder and can get you ""clean"" money (Itself used to purchase legitimate businesses), firearms are generally later in the round and are rather lucrative. This is done via a top-down interface that is somewhat real-time. Actions in this mode can result in tactical turn-based battles, pitting your mobsters against police, FBI and other gangs.I played it on a trip and the hours flew by. The atmosphere is great and the single-player campaign is spot-on. I don't have any experience with the multiplayer, though I expect I'd get my derriere handed to me if I tried (If I ever try the multiplayer, I'll make sure to update this review with my experiences).Quite recommended, especially if on sale."
76561198053230874,Recommended,208520,8897051,"Posted: 28 January, 2014",all,Joshua,"Fun strategy game. The comabt is very fun, though a bit clunky. The managing your businesses and everything part of the game I thought was fine, but so would argue would need more features. Besides that pretty fun and does give you a mafia boss feel. But don't pay $40. Wait till its drops to $20 or below then purchase the game."
,Recommended,208520,9230058,"Posted: 23 February, 2014",all,[D.I.C.K.S.] Your Senpai,You want to be a gangsters. You want to learn how manage like a gangster? This is your game.
76561198027641358,Recommended,208520,9931790,"Posted: 25 April, 2014",all,=][= Overlord =][=,First of all if you know Gangsters and Jagged Alliance out of the 90´s then you will love this game its got everything sombody needs good gameplay with challenging  missionseasy to learn and its rly fun try it out yourself
,Recommended,208520,7976131,"Posted: 8 December, 2013",all,Emily E. C. (RMS Titanic),"Might like this game, better then I thought it would be."
76561198176234669,Not Recommended,208520,25530708,"Posted: 16 September, 2016",all,miniacal84,hurry up and wait....THE GOOD- nice music- cool characters- Interesting conceptTHE BAD- not very fun- all characters have poor accuracy in battle leading to some very frustrating battles- VERY repetitive-Constantly waiting for next missionOVERALL- ULTIMATELY EXPECTED MORE FROM A KALYPSO GAME!!! HAD POTENTIAL BUT NOT VERY FUN
,Recommended,208520,13942249,"Posted: 11 January, 2015",all,lazyducklings,"Simple addicting game.Not very complicated for those looking for that, but oddly satisfying."
,Recommended,208520,8207836,"Posted: 22 December, 2013",all,CHILLVESTER,"RTS mixed with third person TBS. Great game if you like casual building of an empire mixed with sporadic killing missions where you get to shoot/punch/bat/stab rival gang members in the face from the safety of your turn on the board. The 'hit' missions are based around bulidings so there are places to hide and shoot from, or you can go all out for a face to face shootout. The only drawback I have found so far is the AI in the 'hit' missions; they always go straight for you - they never hang back and wait for you to come to them or choose the best mathematical strategy and can be easy to beat if you are aware of that fact. Good game."
,Recommended,208520,8329436,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,GenoPuff,"I reccomend this game with some reservation...it is definitely not for everyone. This game could be amazing with some minor gameplay tweaks, but as is it feels more like one of those facebook browser games. If you buy it prepare to have a challenge ahead of both in the frustration it gives and the gameplay. Not for the casual gamer."
76561198012050231,Recommended,208520,8150345,"Posted: 20 December, 2013",all,PainDealer,The game's quite ok but maybe a bit too easy and the management aspect of the game repeats itself.
,Recommended,208520,8381071,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,Guyver,"I was sceptical about the whole game at the beginning, then when I played the game the controls and ui were horrible...next thing you know I have 30 hours racked up in this game... I guess I would recommend this game if and only if there is another sale at 75%, it's a good time killer if you like XCOM like games"
,Recommended,208520,8146549,"Posted: 20 December, 2013",all,sparky_buzzsaw,"This is a surprisingly decent blend of turn-based squad strategy and a business sim.  It's not the best of either, and it could definitely use more interesting recruitable characters, but overall, this is a lot of fun."
76561197966258003,Recommended,208520,8194008,"Posted: 22 December, 2013",all,acmechen,Tactics fighting is more interesting.
,Recommended,208520,8143341,"Posted: 20 December, 2013",all,[GOTR] CasualCat2001,"Not a bad game if you can get it for a good price (<$10).You have a bunch of objectives each mission and whatever else you do doesn't seem to matter as long as you complete those objectives.Money earned dirty and clean does not appear to carry over between missions, so there really isn't incentive to build up a vast ""criminal empire"" each mission, but rather drive towards the objective.The combat phases when you have them allow you to select up to 4 gangsters to control.  They can have firearms or melee weapons and take turns with the ai opponents moving and attacking."
76561197995220938,Recommended,208520,8399400,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,Hercius Victor,"I like the general idea of this game. However, the big problem with it is that the same things keeps happening over, and over, and over, and over... again. The ""world"" is pretty small. So when you're done with the mission, you have to start all over in another part of town.The turn-based battle idea was pretty cool. I cannot complain about it because I find it put to great use in this game.I could write a lot about the game, but I suggest you actually try it out. I like the game because of the era it reflects. Even though I keep doing the same things, I enjoy it. So try it out if you like the idea of running the mob. Otherwise, look elsewhere."
76561198011635974,Recommended,208520,8571802,"Posted: 5 January, 2014",all,Guilty Man,"This game feels like a high quality board game run in real time. To some that might not sound appealing but I have had everything I wanted out of this title and more.It's sleek, it's deep, it's fast and it's all wrapped up in a thick cloud of car fumes, cigar smoke, ladies perfume and the smell of bodies in back alleys.My one gripe is the combat, the turn based x-com fighting asides are a little clunky but the're not the focus of this title, more like a mini-game that you some times have to stoop to between running your entirely legal enterprises.If you like strategy games with a little something on the side, I highly recomend this."
76561198040496615,Recommended,208520,14034749,"Posted: 17 January, 2015",all,somerset84,"This game is well done. Good story, strong characters and some twists. Combat is easy to learn."
,Recommended,208520,14783073,"Posted: 7 March, 2015",all,send bobs n vegene,"I love this game, I've been playing for that past 2 hours and I just can't get enough. Of course there's always room for improvement in the fights, but other than that everything is awesome.Perhaps they could add a New York DLC :p"
76561198013190079,Recommended,208520,7930985,"Posted: 5 December, 2013",all,oronic,A challenging game that takes a bit of thinking. Getting the DLC's gives a bit of an edge as well.
,Recommended,208520,8545037,"Posted: 3 January, 2014",all,DigitalHitmann,"If you like games with city management, profit and loss, and a bit of turn based combat than this has got everything for you. The story may not be the greatest, nor the graphics or gameplay but the full package together blends a good combination of RTS and simulation.On one hand youre trying to play Robert DeNiro and Ray Liotta by micro managing profit and loss by raiding, stealing, and brewing; ""Take a 200 dollar case'a booze and move it out the back and sell it for'a hundred. Who cares? Its all profit."" While on the other hand your trying to muscle your competition like Joe Pesci with your fists, knives, or a gun; ""You beat Nicky with your fists and he comes back wit'a knife. Beat him with a knife? He comes back wit'a gun. Beat him wit'a gun and you better kill 'em because he'll keep comin' back and back until one'a you'z is dead.""Overall: 8 / 10Very enjoyable."
76561198017944410,Recommended,208520,8758306,"Posted: 18 January, 2014",all,TollGallen,"Not bad, but i really only play it when i need a rest from my main interests."
76561198079389958,Recommended,208520,7930319,"Posted: 5 December, 2013",all,WallStreetChimp,Wish they would of worked on the co op and vs better but pretty good single player story.
,Recommended,208520,7937973,"Posted: 6 December, 2013",all,Nakedkakes,its super fun.
,Recommended,208520,25255570,"Posted: 30 August, 2016",all,Bruce Wayne,"Way better than expected, XCOM Mafia-Style, try it!"
76561197998499979,Recommended,208520,10679777,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,Mega Maid,Awesome game for those who like turn based strategy and tactics. Similar to Fallout 1 & 2 for battles. Realtime game play is very similar to the old gangsters game if anyone remembers that one.
,Recommended,208520,22181534,"Posted: 1 April, 2016",all,IzzyUke,"This was a fun. a bit repetitive though, needs more things to do."
76561198104631037,Recommended,208520,17477131,"Posted: 10 August, 2015",all,kevsterooni,"Omerta is a simple game, in terms of limited system resources. The game itself has some excellent simulation for running your own crime family. The s combat section can be a little frustrating, as turning the map to get a good angle is not only necessary, but could be easier. The voice acting is generic, and there are portions that could be considered offensive to racial, ethnic, and religious groups; of course this is the roaring 20s.If you're looking for a ""gangster"" game set in prohibition, you could do a lot worse. If there was one wart that I don't like, it's the lack of accuracy with Tommy Guns. Seriously! They can't hit the broad side of a barn from the inside!!!"
,Recommended,208520,7935205,"Posted: 5 December, 2013",all,DaReaper95,"First off, the game is not like the pictures suggest. You don't walk around town controlling your character and get into gangfights. The gangfights happen as part of what is esentially a Sim City environment. They are set up in a pretty straightforward manner. On normal difficulty and easy its pretty much slug it out until you eventually win. On hard the curve is ""Too easy as you learn the basics"" to ""Too hard as you now are given a challenge"" to ""Too easy again, as you've now unlocked high level powers."" Sandbox mode seemed fun, till I realised the AI uses the same generic units for that too, meaning they always outnumber you still. You can't bring more than 4 men into a fight, but the enemy can bring in 11, all of which have similar (a few have had even better) stats than you.Edit: After playing a little more, there is perhaps more depth than I originally felt. While sometimes the difficulty is untweaked, my first run ins with the game seem to have just been a little more difficult than the average fight (I'm now more commonly hitting groups of 5 than 11.) I'm changing my recommendation to a thumbs up, but there are more satisfying experiences out there."
,Not Recommended,208520,10080658,"Posted: 11 May, 2014",all,Zeo,"I got this free with the pre-order of Tropico 5 so I can't complain about the price, however after the first 3 or 4 missions you find your self doing the same thing over and over again, building a business, renting stuff, building stuff, collecting money etc...  I was hoping, like many have said, a style similar to Syndicate of yesteryear but sadly it's not, it got pretty boring very quickly.The worst eapon I've found is the grenades, you throw one and you have to wait the whole turn before they blow, by that point, the AI has moved out of the blast range and you have wasted it. It needs to have more user input, weapons research, more upgrades to buildings, better combat, blowing out light bulbs to make it harder to see and attack.Something I found annoying was Melee attacks that can hurt you through the wall and being shot when hiding behind pillars, boxes and other objects - maybe they should of made it RTS combat rather than TB."
76561198016277251,Not Recommended,208520,29528981,Posted: 27 January,all,AlexMBrennan,"Nice flair, but probably the worst level design ever (""Let's make an XCOM clone based on strategic use of cover, WITHOUT any cover! No one has ever done this before so we know it will be brilliant!"")"
,Recommended,208520,8470572,"Posted: 31 December, 2013",all,[HL] Palfer/Janos,"An extremely in-depth and interesting game.Ever wanted to be a Gangster from the 'Big Apple'? Ever wanted to be a big-timer in prohibition-America? Stop wanting, and open your wallet, and buyOmerta - City of Gangsters. Deffinitely worth every penny. Either do a story-based campaign, or launch yourself into a sandbox game, where only your imagination limits you (than, and the map size).Originally, I was apprehensive about buyingOmerta - City of Gangsters, but I nabbed it in the Winter Sale, and got hooked instantly. If you like micromanagement, control and role-playing games, Omerta is for you. If you also like the time period, or decent games in general, purchaseOmerta - City of Gangstersnow!Almost deffinitely worth the money, why are you still reading this?! Buy it now!"
76561197996074422,Not Recommended,208520,34572608,Posted: 29 August,all,sprobin,"Wasn't what I was expecting. It felt like a mobile game with some turn based combat added. I'd have preferred that every job was some form of combat, rather than simply sending henchmen on 'raids' and waiting for the cooldown before I can use them again. Disappointed. I wanted to like it, but mobile mechanics have zero appeal for me."
76561198026191162,Not Recommended,208520,9380656,"Posted: 7 March, 2014",all,gunthermst3k,"I was intrigued by the concept of the game and figured why not give it a try.  Huge mistake.  I read all the negative comments about the game, unfortunately not until after I bought the thing.  Its like the game can't decide what it wanted to be, so in the end it became nothing.  The combat is a joke even early in the game.  Even on easy mode, the AI is completely unbalanced, and you wind up dyring again and again, with no chance of advancing.  Never more then 4 gangters up against 13 or more heavily armed enemies, who make three moves to your one.  The ""story"" is basically recycled from every mobster cliche there is, with nothing original about it.  Don't waste your money on this game, its not worth it."
,Recommended,208520,7789880,"Posted: 27 November, 2013",all,Static,"If this game had cost $10, it would have a metascore of 90+. Just not good enough graphics for the price point, but great balanced mechanics and fairly engaging. I enjoy this game, but I don't really put a lot of value on graphics. I like balance, backstory, rich content. This is on-par with Sid Meier in terms of depth & balance, I would say. Graphics are♥♥♥♥♥♥though."
,Recommended,208520,1013576,"Posted: 16 February, 2013",all,Zaffers,"It's not Gangsters, it's not Syndicate, and it's definitely not worth thirty ♥♥♥♥ing quid. At the very least wait 'til it's on sale; at the most: torrent it. Oh, and lower your expectations. It's no masterpiece.I give it a 3 out of potato."
,Recommended,208520,29648575,Posted: 2 February,all,Ftor,"This game is a mix of ""XCOM: Enemy Unknow"" + ""Legal Crime (Чикаго, 1932: Дон Капоне)""I can recommend this game only if you like the games above. For me it's 7\10"
,Recommended,208520,10502711,"Posted: 17 June, 2014",all,vanmeteran,a nice relaxing game.7/10
76561198064469712,Recommended,208520,11343533,"Posted: 21 July, 2014",all,fennigbear,"This game is quick, well themed and enjoyable!"
,Recommended,208520,11674979,"Posted: 12 August, 2014",all,Appelkruimel,NIce and fun game.
76561198007848324,Recommended,208520,10811075,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,mrdarien,Great game requires a bit of strategy or it will get tough at times
,Recommended,208520,12851899,"Posted: 8 November, 2014",all,✪ laika,"A fun game with fun mechanics, can get a little repetitive, but the story is good and sandbox is cool."
76561198001311656,Not Recommended,208520,12781127,"Posted: 3 November, 2014",all,Chip Surely,"Ultimately a disappointment.  It tries to mix management sim with turn based combat, but ends up not doing either terribly well.  The management sim, which is what interested me, has little depth.  You are limited on what you can do, and the different options don't feel like they have meaningful differences."
,Recommended,208520,13516734,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,Malignant_Slurpee,"It's alright.  Worth 3 bucks, certainly."
76561198006633159,Recommended,208520,13538193,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,CaptainBaseballBatBoy,"Very fun setting, good combat mechanics, limited customisation of characters but nice selection of weapons. Definitely worth a buy."
,Recommended,208520,7880217,"Posted: 2 December, 2013",all,Rose,"Omerta is a well made mix of The Godfather movies (a gangster story), SimCity (a city manager simulator) and X-COM (a turn-based game). In each part of the story you get to control one district to earn money and supplies by openning businesses and doing criminal activities. The game often forces you to leave this city manager mode and participate in turn-based combat with a variety of characters with their own traits and weapons to choose from. There isn't much more to it but if you are into these two genres, stories and movies about America of those earlier years, you should enjoy the game as much as I do."
,Recommended,208520,7977068,"Posted: 8 December, 2013",all,SuperDAC,"Simple, Easy, And Fun To Play!"
,Recommended,208520,7985883,"Posted: 9 December, 2013",all,Pistol,YES O.O
,Recommended,208520,8026049,"Posted: 12 December, 2013",all,< blank >,"Great Little time Killer, and Face it who doesn't want to e a Boss!?!"
,Recommended,208520,8187699,"Posted: 21 December, 2013",all,Ked,"Fun, if a little shallow."
,Recommended,208520,25043773,"Posted: 20 August, 2016",all,︻芫═── TD ︻芫═─,Very good birds eye view of being a gangster and the world is interactive with all its buildings and theres lots to do in this unique gangster feel life
76561197993500303,Not Recommended,208520,26411498,"Posted: 3 November, 2016",all,Gorebane,So boring. Poorly designed and tedious combat. Not worth your money.
,Not Recommended,208520,7935710,"Posted: 5 December, 2013",all,Antamania,"Boring, repetitive, the only good thing about this game really is the timeframe.  If you want a good tactical game, go get yourself Xcom Enemy Unknown or something else that isn't this."
,Recommended,208520,7891332,"Posted: 2 December, 2013",all,Emperor Scrub,its a good game if u just want to have fun with quick missons and no micromanagement
,Not Recommended,208520,33420381,Posted: 9 July,all,Rydiculous,"I wanted to like this game, I did, but the humor and style is not condusive to an enjoyable experience in this particular case. Works great for Tropico, not so much for this."
76561198052362133,Not Recommended,208520,23461055,"Posted: 8 June, 2016",all,garciadiaz,"Can't play the game without registering an account, but I can activate it because the server won't send the activation email. I shouldn't need to create an account in the first place."
76561197994116065,Not Recommended,208520,15847985,"Posted: 15 May, 2015",all,Plebeian,"Extremely repetitive, not very rewarding, clunky game play. Gets quite boring, Ganglands is very quite similar but is a lot better, I recommend looking into that."
76561198026398393,Not Recommended,208520,13616248,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,SilverWolf,"As some of the other reviews have mentioned, the game play is fairly repetitive. You go to a different part of Atlantic City, set up your business, raise capital, smuggle boose and guns, expand your operation with different legal and illegal activities, then eventually you have to take someone on in a gun fight. Raise more money to pay off a bigger boss, rinse and repeat. Thats all good and the game setting itself will probably have me come back for more because of its general feel.The reason I am not recommending this game is the random factor of gun fights. The fact that a guy with a shotgun misses from point blank range on a guy that just punched him is ridiculos, and will drive you mad. The fact that a punch does more damage than a gun shot wound, even tho I understand trying to keep the game balanced in a way, is ridiculos. I've played some gun fights twice in a row, you can use the exact same positioning and shots, and end up with one extra guy alive or double your HP, by doing nothing different. More luck than skill."
76561198053250445,Recommended,208520,13412063,"Posted: 16 December, 2014",all,da¬chaos¬exerter,once you get into it well its better than you think its gonna be never  great game but ok
,Not Recommended,208520,7940466,"Posted: 6 December, 2013",all,GenBen,"The images make it seem too much like a free roam or like XCOM, when it's neither. It's much more like Tropico or even a dumbed-down version of SimCity... minus the city building. The few combat missions you might run into once every hour or so are always either too simple or, much like advanced modes of XCOM, happen to insta-kill/critical hit one of your characters. Sadly, I believe it looks much better than it is. But if you like sitting around watching yourself earn money and beat whatever level by claiming the small city, just to start it all over again later... have at it."
,Not Recommended,208520,10195372,"Posted: 22 May, 2014",all,Murder Mountain,"AI cheats even on the lowest of aggression settings. Combat is crap. Looks pretty when it rains, but not any other time. The maps are tiny. Heat is annoying no matter how well you play, the AI also isn't effected by it."
76561198039423947,Recommended,208520,20015204,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,Princess Sascha,"I always enjoyed this game. I dont always like turn based games, but I enjoy this game. I am a huge Tropico fangirl."
76561198037067141,Not Recommended,208520,14406744,"Posted: 9 February, 2015",all,JDELL64,This is a terrible game.
76561198053290418,Recommended,208520,24775526,"Posted: 8 August, 2016",all,creeping death,"This game is fun! I spend a lot time playing it because I like Mafia games, strategy and turn based combatIf you life this kind of game, you must have it"
,Recommended,208520,17554570,"Posted: 15 August, 2015",all,ANCRON,"Top down, gangster / mafia themed, business management game set in 1920's Atlantic City, with turn-based combat missions in some way similar to XCOM games.Story follows young immigrant from Europe (Player), who went to USA the land of opportunity. Not much in form of back story, you arrive to America and begin notorious career path as gangster. Every mission is split into part of city that has different points of interest you can purchase, rent, buyout or simply take by force from owners and make your own. Your primary income is dirty and clean money.Dirty money is useful to fuel shady businesses and can be laundered for use in legit businesses. Clean money is useful to buy property, invest in legal businesses or to buy new vehicles for your crew. Every crew member can complete tasks in city, and having a personal vehicle speeds up the process.You can level up, add perks, buy weapons for your crew members to make them more effective in combat. Secondary resources include beer, liquor, firearms. You use firearms to assault enemy businesses, perform drive-by or simply open weapons store for profit. Beer and liquor can be sold for profit, complete missions, influence certain characters. Some businesses require steady amount of beer / liquor to be profitable.Some businesses work better depending on your Liked / Feared amount. You gain Liked and Feared rating by building structures that boost either of those stats. Hostile actions increase Feared rating as well, but also increase your Heat level, that eventually will attract police investigation.Game may feel repetitive few hours in, as you basically do same thing on every mission. Personally I really liked how game looks and sounds, especially the music and voice acting."
,Recommended,208520,13180115,"Posted: 1 December, 2014",all,StokedToast,7.8/10
76561198152165602,Not Recommended,208520,13798300,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,kshid,"I really wanted to like this game. I tried and I tried, but ultimately there is too much wrong with this game for me to give it a positive review.The maps are too small, it's quite easy to take over a map.The dialogue in combat constantly repeats itself.  So much so that I muted it while playing.The one issue that for me made this game completely unplayable was the combat mode.  It's beyond frustrating to shoot at an enemy that is right beside you and miss him with both shots that you have for a turn.  It just made the game frustrating as in ""give me a break"" and not frustrating because it is challenging.Why can't a software company make a great gangster game?!?!?!?"
,Recommended,208520,7961764,"Posted: 7 December, 2013",all,Gigglingbear,GREAT GAME
,Not Recommended,208520,7981243,"Posted: 9 December, 2013",all,Sharkaj,"I thought this game would be neat to play looking at the pictures and turnbase gameplay. (huge fan off it.) Unfortunatly I dislike this game after playing it for around 2-3 hours. You will become quickly bored. I mostly dislike the heat system, which you are put with 4 choices to stop investigation (which results in game over), run out of choices? Too bad, game is over for you.The multiplayer setting is horrible, I actually thought you could play an entire map with people but apparantly it's only the turnbase gameplay.I agree it's a good concept, but a terrible execution. It could have been a great game.PRO's:-Decent graphics.-Variety of businesses you can build.-Perk system for crew.CON's:-No multiplayer sandbox, only turnbase maps.-When you pack too much heat and run out of choices it's game over and there is nothing you can do about it.-No free roam over the map (I wanted to drive cars across the maps and etc).If you like the maffia setting, I honestly recommend the retro ""street wars"" game more then this, the gameplay was way more fun. Definetly not worth it's money unless it's on sale."
76561198062557676,Not Recommended,208520,6269370,"Posted: 17 August, 2013",all,Your Dentist,Anything over $5 is too much to pay for this slop. Stay away unless you are a fan of disappointment.
,Recommended,208520,15111781,"Posted: 29 March, 2015",all,IGPslot,"Jazzy, ritzy, stylish. I'm pozitively dazzled."
,Recommended,208520,17824933,"Posted: 1 September, 2015",all,Skiv102,"Personally, I enjoy this game. The ""Story Mode"" Can get very annoying though, Each time you complete a chapter you have to start again in a new place, Rebuilding your empire all over again. But, the one thing that makes this game redeem itself in my opinion is the online, yes, its dead, but if you play with a friend its very enjoyable. You can upgrade your gangsters, buy them new weapons and unlock new perks. It's quite hard to actually complete the online missions at first, but once you buy decent charactors and weapons it gets easier. the online gameplay is simmilar to the Civilisation series, in terms of turn based movement and attacks. Wouldnt buy this game for its full price, but i had it with all the DLC for £6 so it wasnt even a big spend. Really worth playing, check it out for yourself."
,Not Recommended,208520,7976553,"Posted: 8 December, 2013",all,Freight_Train,"Have to say after buying, I would recommend caution in deciding to purchase this game.I bought it, and because of how it's designed and their lack of support, I can't play it.First off, mostly likely different from every other single player game in your steam library, you will have to create an account and log in to play this game. This means registering and verifying your email address. To play an offline game. Yes, unlike how 90% of the industry does it.Also keep in mind this was originally a Facebook game. So I can only guess what all that means in terms of what ratrace/paywall/in game purchase nightmares might await in line with how most Facebook games work. I can only guess, yaknow, cuz 4 hours later I still can't play the game because I can't login, because their server isn't sending confirmation emails, and Kalypso's support doesn't answer emails.DO NOT RECOMMEND."
76561198009625065,Not Recommended,208520,11365978,"Posted: 22 July, 2014",all,riotII,"Omerta requires creating an Account / login before you can play. This has not been made clear on the Shop-Page (Steam), so here's the warning for you. I'm currently not willing to play this game. Not being told that I need to register before I buy the game makes me feel being cheated. BTW: I read somewhere that blocking Omerta with your firewall allows you to skip the registration, but that doesn't seem to work.[Edit] After reading posts of other annoyed users, I found out, that there actually is a note on the Steam Shop-Page. Well.. it's just not exactly standing out or anything. It's a small note on the side-bar .. ""requires 3rd party DRM - free kalypso account"" or something alike.Well .. I'm not the only one who feels tricked - even if they hide a small note on the shop-page."
76561197976874539,Not Recommended,208520,11938870,"Posted: 31 August, 2014",all,OpusTheFowl,"After 14 hours, I feel that I can safely say that what most people said about this game is true: It's probably better to avoid unless you it's on a great sale.The ""strategic planning"" is hype shallow and based on a random supply/demand cycle. Your success really has no bearing on anything either. The turn based fights are fun but the AI can be ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ at times. The RPG aspect of gang management is satisfactory but again is very shallow.It really is trying to be 3 games in one but generally fails at all of them."
,Recommended,208520,18218956,"Posted: 27 September, 2015",all,adyyc,Nice game! Gang management mixed with turn based combat! The campaign story is not so interesting thought. Finished easy level campaign in less than 39 hours.
76561197991954383,Not Recommended,208520,15863958,"Posted: 16 May, 2015",all,Wild,nobody ever online multiplayer.. only worth playin single mode.$ back?
76561198012547125,Not Recommended,208520,16545572,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,j.jamo5,S.H.I.T.'.E
76561198147052616,Recommended,208520,24467183,"Posted: 22 July, 2016",all,oOCarlosOo,"Not a bad game at all.Just what i was looking for in fact.Nice little straegy game with plents of variety.Decent turn based combat system, economics and politics."
76561197980282731,Recommended,208520,12866122,"Posted: 9 November, 2014",all,Prepare to meat jamaica,"Not living up to the full potential of what they could have done. But i have enjoyed playing that game, i think they caught the charm of the Mafia days."
76561198042883446,Recommended,208520,12883177,"Posted: 10 November, 2014",all,Alpacalypse,Simple & fun - I really enjoy this game ~
76561198032834218,Recommended,208520,12874002,"Posted: 10 November, 2014",all,thorleif-adler,"understand this, people say this is like xcom.... it is not, it is a kalypso game expect a kalypso game, its kinda like a mobster tropico, now with turn based combat on the side line, instead of the more passive combat in that series.worth a buy on sale if like that kinda thing, otherwise try out the demo and see if you do, but dont expect xcom, it isnt nearly as well done, and its more about the base building than combat."
76561197993925187,Recommended,208520,17531520,"Posted: 14 August, 2015",all,Arkadus,"I really wanted to like this game. Despite everyone hating on this, I found it to be quite entertaining. What broke this game for me are the bugs. Played Sandbox mode (easy settings, no cops) 2nd day into it, cops launch an investigation on my operations (interesting considering the cops should be disabled). Paid off the cops, did a drive-by on a rival gang's speakeasy. Next day the rival gang attacked my house. after the second restart, my camera view stopped working. Restared again, seemed fixed. managed to repel the attack without losing anyone. Screen loads back to the main map, I can scroll, but I can't control neither my characters nor my assets. Tried loading and realaoding the game, no fix. The one game that I managed to get ahead in a little bit, and it breaks...Great game imo as long as you dont mind the bugs and crashes."
,Recommended,208520,22146947,"Posted: 30 March, 2016",all,_-=Groove=-_,"Congratulations to the Devs, excellent work!"
76561198005288488,Recommended,208520,21848576,"Posted: 15 March, 2016",all,KingOfCurtopia,"Yooz guys and dames will like this game or Benny here, see, he's got a temper and he don't take kindly to no wiseguys."
76561197961875012,Not Recommended,208520,20196734,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,|bLK*| Killian,"Pretty messed up they have a 2ndary account registration disguised as DRM that very neatly states you will be datamined based on browsing habits, websites customized around your interests based on the information they collect, and information sold to market research companies that will periodically contact you via your email.I would love to play this game but I couldnt get past the company privacy policy. Submitting for refund, I'll not pay money to have my information sold for market research purposes and blatent spam email."
,Not Recommended,208520,25355877,"Posted: 4 September, 2016",all,ComradeWinston,"An open world that isn't so open. Manage resources, beat/shoot some people, then manage resources until you get bored. Don't waste your money on this."
76561198007592874,Recommended,208520,18374677,"Posted: 7 October, 2015",all,Szarik,Good game:) If you want to feel like a gangster and play on game like JA2 this game is for you :) +
76561197989454460,Not Recommended,208520,17060546,"Posted: 15 July, 2015",all,SilentChilli,"WTF, a steam game that i have to provide an email sign in and register an account?......... its a way to spam your email account, what other reason? bad form. so bullsh*t. poor taste devs."
76561197964266654,Not Recommended,208520,16244678,"Posted: 7 June, 2015",all,[CEUK] The Human Chicken,Really not worth the money. The demo made this game look much larger and better than it really is. Save the money.
76561198071374605,Not Recommended,208520,17027336,"Posted: 13 July, 2015",all,tafru2,Good game good concept. You start a crime mob and then..................................... I'm awake. So much lost potential. Tries to be a tycoon game meets do everything down to the weirdest deatail but most of those detasils hurt it more than help it. But the other ideas thast would be amazing were either scrapped or they just wanted to keep it safe. I played it for 3 hours when i got it a few months ago. havent played it since.
76561197985063992,Not Recommended,208520,7998766,"Posted: 10 December, 2013",all,OMGSPY!,Avoid like the plague.
76561198000893131,Not Recommended,208520,14339585,"Posted: 5 February, 2015",all,Gr1n,"Week storyline, and linear missions, which is really not what you want from a ""city sim"""
76561197981503564,Not Recommended,208520,17477151,"Posted: 10 August, 2015",all,[8CLN]Lothaire,Tis'♥♥♥♥♥♥
,Not Recommended,208520,13524902,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,rjhelms,"I got this game for free, and still feel like I paid too much for it. It's a real shame, because I really wanted to enjoy it - the concept is great, and it has most of what it needs to  be XCom-meets-business-sim set in Prohibition Era New Jersey.The combat is lackluster, the business sim elements are repetitive, and the characters are two-dimensional. What made me finally give up was the realization that the one Jewish character in the game had no other character traits than ""cheapskate"" - I'm not really interested in anti-Semitic caricatures in my video games."
76561197995031372,Not Recommended,208520,13896999,"Posted: 8 January, 2015",all,H2,The game requires you to register an account and be online to play.
,Not Recommended,208520,13613699,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,Mythrell,"It's a great idea, but the execution falls short in every aspect. Turn based combat is missing a soul and the ""every one can move 12 squares and then shoot you four times with a pistol"" aspect ruins all the fun you could've possibly had without one.It's not the worst game ever, but everything feels ""meh"" and it quickly becomes mediocre strategy manager game at best. 6/10"
76561197994443719,Not Recommended,208520,13196373,"Posted: 2 December, 2014",all,Soldier888,"It just sucks. It's nothing what you might think it is by looking at the screenshots, you think it's something like the old Fallout games or the Baldur's Gate or Jagged Alliance games but the game is nothing like that.Stay away from it.Oh and the crime here is you getting robbed by the makers of your money. Now that's the steal that goes on."
,Not Recommended,208520,13049125,"Posted: 22 November, 2014",all,Bum Pube,A basket full of broken dreams weaved out of idle promises.
,Not Recommended,208520,11602628,"Posted: 8 August, 2014",all,I COME OVER DA HOUSE!,"This game looked promising but they have just recycled elements of their game engines and mechanics from their other titles. The voice acting is generally bad and the game-play gets repetitive quickly. I hate giving these guys a bad review I love their Tropico series, they need to stop giving half♥♥♥♥♥attempts for their other titles though."
76561198016683115,Not Recommended,208520,19350571,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,Seb,"This games promises a lot, but delivers little.  The campain is limited (both in lengh and how to acheive it), battles are ok, but could have been much better.  There are other ganster games out there that are more worth it."
76561198020642139,Not Recommended,208520,9000133,"Posted: 6 February, 2014",all,RocketMan,Do not waste your money on this terrible game!
,Recommended,208520,20193636,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,FluffyPinkPony,Become the best gangster and watch the world burn.08/10 just cause I hardly enjoy the story.
,Recommended,208520,20500548,"Posted: 12 January, 2016",all,Meow,"I play games of this genre, this game is better than city builder games, which is that you don't need to waste 2 hours for ever 1 hour planning what you are going to build. You have 3 types of building groups joints, premises, and constructions. joints are cash making buildings, premises are production buildings, and constructions are expensive high tier buildings.Combat is simple and straight forward, take turns, get into position, target, use abilities, and complete the objective. The base game lacks a variety of prison maps, but the Japanese Incentive DLC drastically improves the combat map varieties.The stats of characters do not impact the performance of characters on the strategic map (moving around the map and building buildings), however character classes DO impact how well they execute their actions. Masterminds finish quests faster, Grifters +populace favor, enforcers +fear, hitmen prevent giving you attention for doing most criminal acts. There's a severe lack of variety in classes, Plenty of characters however.This game's single player campaign is pretty fun, with a story that is filled with gangster drama, it took me 150 hours to complete all the missions +bonus dlc missions AND the expansion (still a bit heart broken).Music is very nice, it gives that prohibition era vibe with blues and big bands. What would have made the game nicer is if choice was if the story wasn't linear, because the endings were severely underwhelming after what you accomplish.The maps are small for a city builder game and this might sound as if it's a terrible idea for a city builder game, until you realize how god painful it is to move scroll from location to location or click on a mini map multiple times.This game's strategic play will seem dull after you finish the base campaign, but the Japanese Incentive expansion makes it much more fun and intense, where you're up against an AI (playing the game on insane, the AI really knows how to knock you over). Outside the highest aggressiveness the AI will not seem very hard to beat if you're used to playing strategy games. In most scenarios turtling will make you win, but let's be honest that's almost all strategy games.This game was worth buying at it's current price of this genre.I don't know of any game that mixes REAL TIME strategic city building and light version of turn based combat seen in games such as Xcom."
,Not Recommended,208520,21266467,"Posted: 16 February, 2016",all,Britt,"It got pretty boring pretty quick. The only reason I bought it was because it used the Tropico game engine and that was impressive. I also like gangster games.This really didn't deliver what I wanted. If you can get it for $5 its worth that, but not much more"
76561198044907348,Recommended,208520,28464901,"Posted: 19 December, 2016",all,Mike Fluff,"Quite good. Reminds me of the oldschool Fallout.Iffy at times, but generally good8/10"
,Not Recommended,208520,31473115,Posted: 30 April,all,Super Pope,Would wrather just play Tropico to avoid the terrible xcom wanabe style combat system.
,Not Recommended,208520,7961959,"Posted: 7 December, 2013",all,Revolver Stoob,"It had potentual and is a style of game I usualy like, but it was done poorly."
76561198071275511,Not Recommended,208520,13940317,"Posted: 11 January, 2015",all,ApatheticExcuse,"I picked this up because a friend said it was very similar to the old Gangsters games we grew up playing.While this game may certainly have some merits of it's own that were not made evident in my short play time, it is far, far inferior to the second gangsters game and has little in common with either of them beyond the setting and general theme.I likely would have stuck it out a little longer to see if it's a fun game anyway (or at least be able to give it a fair review), but it barely functions on my computer. So, I guess what I'll say is this: If you wanna buy it because you think it will be similar to the above mentioned games, don't, it's not. If you are looking at it on it's own merits, then I'd suggest reading a few more reviews."
,Recommended,208520,12315728,"Posted: 1 October, 2014",all,HeadShot,Awesome gangsta game! 11/10
76561198018679417,Recommended,208520,14330319,"Posted: 4 February, 2015",all,hogie9,"Gamplay is frustrating at times, and I wish the neighborhood/economy system was more complex, but overall a fun experience.  A great buy if you can get it on sale."
76561198039957047,Recommended,208520,19952325,"Posted: 25 December, 2015",all,demothegreek,awesome game
76561198017958276,Not Recommended,208520,9434624,"Posted: 11 March, 2014",all,Vahl,"Turn-based strategy, but the sandbox mode has none."
76561198011404063,Not Recommended,208520,17817315,"Posted: 31 August, 2015",all,Grif,"Bad, casual economy. Dumb random. In this game, there is nothing in what might be playing, it's just computer graphics and the cosplay gangsters."
76561198051467809,Not Recommended,208520,17661939,"Posted: 22 August, 2015",all,phbk,"I thought this game was going to be great, as I loved the Sierra's Gangsters and thought this was going to be an updated version of that. Turns out this game is boring and easy. No strategy to the management section of the game, the game just tells you what to do. The battles are annoying, there's no chance to use stealth; just go in blasting. All in all boring and not worth the time or money."
,Not Recommended,208520,9501226,"Posted: 16 March, 2014",all,ZombieSmash,B.O.R.I.N.G. Need to REFUND!!
,Not Recommended,208520,9504067,"Posted: 16 March, 2014",all,Lobster,"For me, this game sucks! I can not get past the loading screen. So I thought, lets see if there is a solution for the problem. Well the problem is very well known but nowhere a solid solution to be found. Just a bunch of dxdiag files in the forums of Kalypso but no support. Just complaints.If you want to have a game which gets you frustraded, buy this one! Other than that, don't wast your money or time on this game. Even if it's a discount!"
,Recommended,208520,20479457,"Posted: 11 January, 2016",all,all the harakiri,"its okay, everything is pretty decent about the game and i have no solid complaints but some element just feels lacking, and i usually just end upgrading the house and avoiding fights.buy it if its on sale but otherwise just wait or something."
76561198128500175,Recommended,208520,13736791,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,Krudax,"Okay so here goes.If you are a fan of Tactics based games such as Xcom, FF Tactics, Warhammer Assault Squad, etc then this game is for you. Some say its repetative but as most of these games are TACTICAL I would say its not. Yes you aquire a part of Atlantic City, build it up to your specifactions (such as Tropico, CIV) recruit team members and be a proper Gangster. But each level brings its own difficulty, challenges and new squad members.This is totally my type of game and i only wish there were more like it. If you love the above mentioned games then this is for you. Afterall we all love to be crime lords right? Just look at the success of GTA. Enjoy."
76561198007664415,Recommended,208520,20397744,"Posted: 8 January, 2016",all,Omega Man,"good game worth the  buy but not at full price, this is one of those games that is good but could be great if they add some more substance to it."
76561198088755665,Recommended,208520,20427261,"Posted: 9 January, 2016",all,priospr3,Nice game!
76561197994414919,Not Recommended,208520,35355086,Posted: 30 September,all,Ædrian,"I hate the missons you are forced to complete. Fighting most of the time outnumbered 10 to 1, ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ game."
76561198034092766,Not Recommended,208520,8157461,"Posted: 20 December, 2013",all,Gimli,Many bugs in the game. not worth buying
,Not Recommended,208520,14839280,"Posted: 11 March, 2015",all,Cahaza TV - Calulalia,i can barely get the damb game working hense the only 19 or somthing minuets of gameplay :( its bloody stupid pluss you cant even see your cursor. then again the developers of this crap probbally just forgot. >:( just dont get it total waste of money
,Not Recommended,208520,12682683,"Posted: 29 October, 2014",all,Cromulon,"Very repetitive,same structure to every mission.Took my nearly 2 years to some up the ability to finish it.Buy something else."
76561198030040073,Not Recommended,208520,7944302,"Posted: 6 December, 2013",all,Smooth Chocolate,"You know i try to give this game a chance but it miserably the worst game i ever play as a board game  yes my son seems to love it but i don't this one boring game, and it just seem to get worst. MP is dead  actually the game is dead i seriously can't recommend this game to anyone period."
76561197974038206,Not Recommended,208520,12408833,"Posted: 8 October, 2014",all,Drax,"A fair attempt, but falls short and quickly becomes booring."
,Recommended,208520,11872573,"Posted: 26 August, 2014",all,Stuart #MOORE2017,"I love the game, It's very fun to play, own set of challanges, great battles and campaign, but in full honesty, I can't give this a 10 out of 10, but I still highly recommend it."
,Not Recommended,208520,7939751,"Posted: 6 December, 2013",all,GoingToAlpha,Terrible.  Absolutely awful game.
76561198025410191,Not Recommended,208520,7940885,"Posted: 6 December, 2013",all,Xeon,-1
,Not Recommended,208520,12784083,"Posted: 4 November, 2014",all,n00n3h3r3,The only good things about this game are the setting and maybe the graphics.Everything else sucks. It's very repetitive and the turn based combat is just really badly designed. I mean how do you screw that up? It's not like there's been decades worth of good turn based strategy games already out. /sTotally not worth the money even on sale.
,Not Recommended,208520,34893166,Posted: 11 September,all,Fingers,Boring map play and unbalanced encounters. You'll quit playing before you finish the second mission.
76561198079959717,Not Recommended,208520,18028151,"Posted: 14 September, 2015",all,nickrobinson1984,"DO NOT PURCHASE!!!I read several reviews saying mixed things about this game, and from the sound and look i thought how bad can it be? ...Very!the game is slow and linear with no real strategy concept, it gives no real sense of being a mob boss, wheeling and dealing and generally organising your crime empire. Its just simply rent a building (which are preset and very limited in comparison to the number of potentials), put a business in it, gain a little money (can be dirty or clean, but doesnt seem to make alot of difference to be honest), rent another building, put a business in it...repeat as necessary.Combat is another kettle of fish altogether! It must take effort to make a combat system this bad. I saw it and thought classics like shining force or X-COM...nope. It is turn based but it is so heavily AI favoured you may aswel just auto resolve every fight. Your characters are so bad at shooting that an AI man with bare hands can run toward 2/3 of you in the open and manage to get a hit on you before you gun him down. Not to mention that the hit he will get will be ridiculously overpowered leaving your character with a persistent problem for the remainder of the game. You can also sacrifice a member of your team as a support function such as assassin or to prevent the AI from fighting as effectively. I havent as yet seen any advantage to losing a team member for the support, in several games my assassin lasted 2 turns before just stopping, and he didnt hit anyone in those.The other major annoyance is that everytime you complete an area and move to the next, other than having a little extra cash you have to start again from scratch...i dont get the point to this decision, it makes the game even shorter than it already is, like a lot of very short skirmish games. There is no continuity to the game dynamic.Overall very dissapointingSlowLinearPoorly completed for a professional gameCombat is sluggish and boring, aswel as vastly AI powered.No continuityI so wanted to be happy with this, I saw a potential for a real rags to riches, non to Don build your gang family and rule the city, all set in a classic gangster 20s backdrop during the prohibition. But there is just no content or substance.Apologies to anyone who does like this game, there are good points, but to someone who loves turn based 4X style games like the Civ series and even what content was in games like X-COM, Omerta just feels incomplete on the content front."
76561197972263910,Recommended,208520,19007033,"Posted: 10 November, 2015",all,Johnny Vegas,Enjoyable city-management game. Serviceable combat.6 / 10.
,Recommended,208520,11583020,"Posted: 6 August, 2014",all,I like to cheat and rush,Alright ♥♥♥♥ers this game is good buy it
76561198082407991,Not Recommended,208520,22904588,"Posted: 10 May, 2016",all,☥ Alsamisath ☥,"I really liked this game when I played through the original release but then I got the DLC and before I could finish it, the option to play the DLC campaign disappeared."
,Recommended,208520,15525158,"Posted: 24 April, 2015",all,Klote Dolfijn,"Ay, I dun get it, dis gaem is racis. i knoa 3 rel gangstarz and thy arn't all white.Please fix.Otherwies gud gam, gr8 grphix, but storry is a bit werid, but dunno lolAy manes look wut I learnt todeyNameAgeJohn65Gitte40Sussie19Neat"
,Recommended,208520,26664583,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,John Madden,"Never finished it, but it's ok"
76561198057223458,Not Recommended,208520,7943407,"Posted: 6 December, 2013",all,KingPanda,"Horrible, I wish I can get my 60$ back when I first bought this game."
76561198019517123,Not Recommended,208520,7945155,"Posted: 6 December, 2013",all,Made Dragon,"Well, I have installed the game, and when I try to start it it throws some stupid ads up my face ans tries to force me registering on a service it doesn't bother to even tell me about (some ""Kalypso"" bull I presume by the tiny logo on the bottom of startup screen).. Me no wants this so this game is a no-go.."
,Not Recommended,208520,7979825,"Posted: 9 December, 2013",all,"poop, not blood","I don't care if they're getting rid of this for less than $5. Or hell, paying you to download this.Don't. Stay away. Stay far, far away."
76561197972151823,Not Recommended,208520,30149583,Posted: 24 February,all,Balinor,"The game itself isn't too bad, certainly has some interesting ideas.  Launching through a Kalypso launcher instead of directly from Steam is complete ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t though.  Sort it out Kalypso, your launcher is♥♥♥♥♥♥♥"
76561197980547416,Not Recommended,208520,14611200,"Posted: 23 February, 2015",all,Timmissatok,1/10.
76561197996899308,Not Recommended,208520,9181386,"Posted: 19 February, 2014",all,YtRa,"2 hours and your bored as hell doing the same thing, over and over"
76561198059414028,Recommended,208520,10638259,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,DaWabbit91,"Good game if you liked xcom , only difference is this game has alot more to do with managing but still brings in turn based combat. Kinda like tropico i guess"
,Not Recommended,208520,11355717,"Posted: 21 July, 2014",all,M32James,not recommended!!!
76561198030786790,Not Recommended,208520,18777487,"Posted: 30 October, 2015",all,jamesc70,"At first interesting, then repetitive, boring, and annoying.Omerta plays out in missions, where you get property and build a supply chain economy to keep the money rolling in. This is extremely easy to do, and after the tutorial you won't change a thing throughout the game. This strategy is ""Don't do the mission that triggers something"" and buyup/build everything. This is even less fun than Settlers 7's repetitive setup.Combat is nothing like XCom. I've played many turn based games, and this is the WORST combat by far. Enemies just run out into the open to shoot you, or grab cover on a wall with their back to you and then shoot. Hit percents are strange, where you can hit a guy behind full cover easily, yet have a super low chance to hit someone two feet away around a corner. I could go on and on about annoyances of this combat. Not remotely fun.Not Recommended."
,Recommended,208520,13482344,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,(¯`·.¸  TinX ¸.·´¯),"""I took the jam outta that donut"".Awesome little strategy/management game - glad i got it :)"
76561198082188350,Not Recommended,208520,9959271,"Posted: 27 April, 2014",all,danisking,If like me you looked at this game side a gangster game where you make you own criminal empire stop and play the demo unlike me an see way this game has nothing to offer you thats is worth the price it is at now if is is 7 pound the maybe.
76561198048741156,Not Recommended,208520,21665699,"Posted: 6 March, 2016",all,rlaub1,Just an awful game to play.  I wish I could return it for anything else.  What a waste of 30.00.  Clunky playback.  Bad graphics.  Charater development is also another area of concern.  Reminds me of a black and white game form the DOS days of game play.
76561198005300656,Not Recommended,208520,18009031,"Posted: 12 September, 2015",all,Silver_Dragon99,Not enough play time....I beat the game in 18.3 hrs and paid 49 $ for this.  Never again.
76561198021226205,Not Recommended,208520,14318340,"Posted: 3 February, 2015",all,treycox33,"By far the worst purchase i have ever made on Steam, or Origin, Target, Game Stop, Frys, etc.."
,Not Recommended,208520,19836100,"Posted: 21 December, 2015",all,Ücxb,"great game and all, but the port is horrible, it shows XBOX controls like wtf"
76561198045225788,Not Recommended,208520,22310298,"Posted: 8 April, 2016",all,peter_121_,"I really liked the old PC game, Gangsters: Organised Crime, and even the more casual Legal Crime. So when I saw the trailer for this game I got very excited.That's why it's such a shame that after all the nice looking graphics and smooth music - the game simply just does not deliver. The real snub is that it just gets boring fast; lots of repitition, with each level following the same actions with little variety in the middle.Ultimately they took a great concept and simplified it to death. The Godfather games involve more strategy than this.All that being said. If this is on offer, and I mean a great offer, pick it up and you'll have a few hours of fun before it begins to get repetitive."
76561197967918496,Recommended,208520,295731,"Posted: 20 July, 2013",all,ӇƛƝƝƖƁƛԼ,"This is an acquired taste title. It reminds me of the new XCOM game a lot. The strategy side around the main town is interesting but the real charm are the tactics used in fights. Its very XCOM like.  You either like this title or hate it, seems to be no middle ground. I happen to enjoy it although it has graphical issues on my laptop but plays fine  on the desktop. I would play it more often otherwise."
,Not Recommended,208520,14036685,"Posted: 17 January, 2015",all,Quaxo,"Feels like a really done up Facebook game. Combat is terrible, buggy and unbalanced. There's no real strategy to anything in this game."
,Not Recommended,208520,14714012,"Posted: 1 March, 2015",all,-=PR=-_Miller,Weak game with repetative features. gets old real fast and many anonying features such as a soldier hiding in the cornor of the map and the game makes ur search everywhere for the guy for the battle to end. the bots only move when u pull them. game play is easy and not much debth.
,Not Recommended,208520,14217035,"Posted: 28 January, 2015",all,Herger Joyous,This game leaves me wanting more. More Managment. More characters. More missions. More combat options. More.
,Not Recommended,208520,1469631,"Posted: 2 February, 2013",all,Big Chewy™,"Do not buy as this game its too shallow. It lacks any depth in any of its game elements. Basically, its not very fun. This game could have been great .. feels like the developers didnt have any imagination or money to deliver a good gameIt's a BIg Chewy - 6/10"
76561198059884564,Not Recommended,208520,7998107,"Posted: 10 December, 2013",all,seanbutton10,"Glitchy Game, Wish i could get my money back....."
,Not Recommended,208520,8150742,"Posted: 20 December, 2013",all,Dalthius,It's.....meh. Like a Facebook game. It's ok if you have nothing else to do at the moment. Not much in the way of strategy or decision making. Very linear. Makes me miss the old Gangsters games.
,Not Recommended,208520,8642164,"Posted: 9 January, 2014",all,etherflan,So much promise. Almost unplayeably bad combat system.
76561197992396762,Not Recommended,208520,8155202,"Posted: 20 December, 2013",all,Shaunas,I got quite bored quite quickly. Also it had intermittent problems and would have ot be closed and I would often end up losing a lot of playing time. I guess that was more the fault of my system though.
76561198018432321,Not Recommended,208520,7955685,"Posted: 7 December, 2013",all,hughnguyen22,Game is good but very buggy.
76561198011600870,Not Recommended,208520,8152468,"Posted: 20 December, 2013",all,Devilman,"I was really looking forward to this, but sadly, it's just not that good. It reminds me of an Android or iOS game. Not something you would find on a PC. It's just click and repeat, over and over, every level. The only part that is semi decent is the combat, but even that feels clunky. Save your money. Even if it's on sale"
76561197981357169,Not Recommended,208520,8278692,"Posted: 25 December, 2013",all,"Odin""PhoenixPerson""Iscariot","This game would be good if someone told the creators how guns work and how cover works its like its not even worth doing and standing infront of an enemy with a shotgun and 85% chance to hit and miss twice... impressive use of gaming mechanics. Plus even completing the objectives in the map doesnt always mean you win, who the ♥♥♥♥ decieded to even bother with mission objectives. ♥♥♥♥ this game"
,Recommended,208520,27524178,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Fly nICE,10
76561198023364713,Recommended,208520,27779011,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,darkasp,fun
76561197984953336,Not Recommended,208520,7938547,"Posted: 6 December, 2013",all,deece16,"This is a great idea gone horribly wrong. The game works... it's just super simple. After just a few hours of going through missions, I played the sandbox and had the whole map in about 2 hours. Don't bother with this.. there is little to no value here."
76561198201172959,Recommended,208520,23973040,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,QuestandConquest,"Has some of the worst combat i've seen in a game period. If you can get past that it's a fun time waster. I think if i could use two words to describe this game it would be ""missed potential""."
,Not Recommended,208520,10107613,"Posted: 13 May, 2014",all,Pleazard,Not worth your time even for free.
,Recommended,208520,12822008,"Posted: 6 November, 2014",all,GIbe,yeeeep
,Not Recommended,208520,19994441,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,Reap,"I thought this game would be a cool little number, instead it is not intuitive at all and I had no idea what was going on. Something about a pizza...."
76561198044006471,Recommended,208520,21395603,"Posted: 22 February, 2016",all,HateSoldier,.
,Not Recommended,208520,1060194,"Posted: 3 February, 2013",all,Hakello,"Meh, a bit of fun, but lacks depth or any form of more complicated gameplay. Old games like Gangsters2 did this genre way, way better.Do not recommend, even if a fan of the genre, unless you are a real casual gamer"
76561198013574515,Not Recommended,208520,25429872,"Posted: 9 September, 2016",all,nicovanbelle,"I'm new to the game but I'm just clicking away making top dollarz in a ming-boggling pace. Yes, it's easy to become rich and famous in the City of Gangsters but it is true what they say.. money does not make happy."
76561198133727994,Not Recommended,208520,12253964,"Posted: 26 September, 2014",all,Agora_Black_Flag,Tropico 4 with a different skin.
,Not Recommended,208520,11141668,"Posted: 8 July, 2014",all,Aloha Snackbar,"You know what happens when you try to imitate Gangsters: Organized Crime by mixing Tropico, the mafia and a really dumbed down version of X-COM?This turd."
76561198038674094,Not Recommended,208520,11746176,"Posted: 16 August, 2014",all,Temujin,"Do not buy this scam of a game. They require you to give them an e-mail adress for verification, but the activation service is broken, so the e-mail is never sent. You cannot play the game until you've activated your Kalypso account. Waste of money and time, and I can say with 100% certainty I will never spend another dime on a Kalypso product again. No matter how good other franchise's are."
,Recommended,208520,23880037,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,Kordiack,i loooove this game!
,Not Recommended,208520,13519463,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,mybrotherdrivesabmwdontfuckwitme,"This game is ♥♥♥♥ing terrible, avoid it like the plague.10.10 would buy again"
,Not Recommended,208520,14768048,"Posted: 6 March, 2015",all,PigBear,"First, let's be clear about Omerta. It is not really much more than an empire based game. There is very little building involved, much more establishing properties. Battles aren't really all that exciting, but playable. This is a decent game. It's not entirely horrible, but I would't go out of my way to bring it up in conversation either.  I only rate it a thumbs down because I personally would not reccommend it. I would much rather prefer Mafia : City of Lost Haven or Mafia II"
76561198010687016,Recommended,208520,23480181,"Posted: 9 June, 2016",all,Izjeen,"Awesome game. Tropico x Xcom. The music is awesome, the story is pretty interesting and broken up into differing cities. The last mission though is tough!"
,Recommended,208520,23508085,"Posted: 11 June, 2016",all,steve burban,its pretty good
,Recommended,208520,23271622,"Posted: 29 May, 2016",all,Ketanov,You gonna bark or bite?
76561198005378733,Not Recommended,208520,26770024,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,minamikaze,Total Disappointment award. May as well make this review public...
76561198007777151,Not Recommended,208520,18438451,"Posted: 11 October, 2015",all,PTown_Down,"I thought it would be like Gangsters. I was wrong. I like big, open ended games. This game is the opposite. The tactical mode is extremly random and frustrating. Maybe this game is is liked by some, I was very dissapointed.-One track game-Frustrating gameplay-Low replayablity-Not anything like Gangsters"
,Not Recommended,208520,12877465,"Posted: 10 November, 2014",all,Wecsi,2/5
,Not Recommended,208520,25402993,"Posted: 7 September, 2016",all,bumbumbym,Combat is absolutely not well thought out whatsoever. This impacts the game in a big way because it is so central.
76561197997507220,Not Recommended,208520,32488496,Posted: 16 June,all,Dex,"Gangsters Organised Crime + Gangsters 2 are the real RTS mob games to play. This game is bland, repetative and a poor attempt at the genre."
76561198124076972,Not Recommended,208520,20432953,"Posted: 9 January, 2016",all,NightKnight-55,Ganny2.dll ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t here
,Recommended,208520,12615482,"Posted: 24 October, 2014",all,Spooky Hud,Like Xcom but with gangsters. 9/10
76561198044245485,Recommended,208520,12781502,"Posted: 3 November, 2014",all,ϟϟ -Iperyt- ϟϟ,Its a good game peopls just complain cause they dont like startegy and there to stupid to realize how fun it is to own your very own gang
76561198093444821,Not Recommended,208520,22649936,"Posted: 26 April, 2016",all,marie.berner,"This company tricked me on money, its a pop up in the front of the game that wont disepear! hope you burn in hell with alot of turtles mother ♥♥♥♥ers"
,Recommended,208520,12716993,"Posted: 31 October, 2014",all,Chroagered,amazing game thx
,Recommended,208520,15615078,"Posted: 29 April, 2015",all,Rymarre,it's like skyrim with italians
76561198014613820,Recommended,208520,33155592,Posted: 2 July,all,bradislava,awesome
76561198005545691,Not Recommended,208520,16558873,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,X-the Unknown,"Now this game was a poc definitely. Real time was not the way to make this game. Had it been all turned based it would have been great. But, the enemy AI wouldn't even let you get started to play with drive by shootings and stealing what you had gotten so far. I was highly disappointed. But, there's always a but....the combat engine is pretty good as it was turned based. But that is all that was good about the game to me."
,Not Recommended,208520,24031051,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,Devil Man X,Online registration for a third party account is required.
,Not Recommended,208520,12468973,"Posted: 12 October, 2014",all,dpyro,It's just...soulless.
,Not Recommended,208520,31070217,Posted: 10 April,all,ShazAttack,after only a few hours into the game it quickly becomes boring.
76561198019934766,Not Recommended,208520,29352193,Posted: 19 January,all,|LAO| AqAurius,"i played the game couple of years ago and i liked it then, simple but entertaining.now i have to register a email and♥♥♥♥♥♥ ♥♥♥♥ this"
,Recommended,208520,15575173,"Posted: 26 April, 2015",all,Casual,Its not that bad like everyone says....maybe cause I like tropico....soI feel like it's just Kalypso's way of doing a mob game...I am enjoying it and can recommend!
,Not Recommended,208520,23092633,"Posted: 19 May, 2016",all,Mediafriend999,I bought this game thinking it would be sick. It is not. It is weaksauce. For sure. Dont buy it.
76561198006631660,Not Recommended,208520,7926493,"Posted: 5 December, 2013",all,Geraint Von Derpinstien,easy and boring
76561198004171929,Not Recommended,208520,31238617,Posted: 19 April,all,Mr. Wolf,Worst game I ever played. Learn to make how percentages work. DO NOT BUY %100 cancer game. You get next to an enemy with a DOUBLE BARREL SHOTGUN! and it says %75 hit chance. So realistic!
,Not Recommended,208520,7929116,"Posted: 5 December, 2013",all,The Wheel House,DO NOT PAY MONEY FOR A FACEBOOK GAME I PAYED 50$ and I GOT A GODDAMN FACEBOOK GAME
,Not Recommended,208520,24918974,"Posted: 14 August, 2016",all,Vendrick Wamar,Games are fun
,Recommended,208520,7934049,"Posted: 5 December, 2013",all,Takiton,this game sucks so much balls
,Not Recommended,208520,29765400,Posted: 7 February,all,Likely Hates You ♛,"I really, really, really disliked this game, and I love crime games."
76561197979964945,Not Recommended,208520,12689630,"Posted: 29 October, 2014",all,dillinger43,Easily one of the worst games I have ever played.
,Recommended,208520,3026996,"Posted: 5 April, 2013",all,[TRG] Roy,"This game isnt all action like in the trailer, infact its mostly about buying low, selling high and then buying more properties for upgrades in that particular map so you can buy more guns to use in the story battles. Dont be mislead. Its ok at best."
76561197997574184,Not Recommended,208520,10423873,"Posted: 10 June, 2014",all,BrokeA$$SexualChocolate,"This game is absolutely awful. Boring, combat is poorly done, and the replay value is non-existent. Please no one waste your money. I got this game gifted to me and within 5 minutes I had uninstalled it. Not worth the time."
,Not Recommended,208520,10318870,"Posted: 1 June, 2014",all,Kardax,"As you take over more of the city, you unlock combat missions to advance the story.  Rinse and repeat.City takeover has severe pacing issues; when starting a new map you're initially too cash-strapped to do anything so you have to sit around waiting for time to pass (no way to speed up the game), but after 20 minutes so you're making money so fast you don't have anything to spend it on.  You'll probably mute it after hearing your crew repeat the same 3 responses to your commands a few hundred times.Combat is simply annoying.  Your work outside of the fights (taking over a city, equipping a good mix of weapons, careful choices on stats & skills) doesn't give you a meanigful advatage; at best you're just keeping up with the steady pace of tougher opponents.  You'll fail missions not because of strategic errors, but because luck is so important: no matter what you do, it's rare to see a chance-to-hit above 70%.  With the AI always having more guys with roughly the same stats as yours, a few badly-timed misses and it's over.This game wasn't a bad way to pass the time while waiting for Tropico 5 to release, but I definitely wouldnt pay money for it."
76561198052882866,Not Recommended,208520,10325416,"Posted: 2 June, 2014",all,Mongo,Surprised kalypso put their name on this piece of trash. The combat is just horrible so many bug like where you can't click on buildings or your screen goes white or you can't scroll through the map. This game shouldn't even be forsale.
76561198040179860,Recommended,208520,7976458,"Posted: 8 December, 2013",all,Angst_and_rancor,"Georgia Ave mission is hopelessly broken. Enjoy!EDIT: They fixed this long ago, forgot to add that, changed my review to AWESOME! So much fun if you can look past a few minor mechanical issues. Which again may have been resolved. I haven't played in a while, but with the Japanese Incentive DLC finally on sale for 4.99, I will definitely pick it up again.Believe it or not, this game turned my on to turn-based--tactical and RPGs--gameplay. Before I played Omerta, I hadn't even tried the first two Fallout games, which have now gone down in history as my two favourite games of all time. I know its weird to plug Fallout, but I would have never even considered playing them if it hadn't been for this marvelous gem of a game opening me up to that style of play.Omerta: City of Gangsters--Buy It! Now. Seriously, it's on sale."
,Recommended,208520,8337901,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,walkerinthemist,"This is perfectly in keeping with Calypso's other games (Tropico 3/4, Rise of Venice). It's a light strategy game with a nice theme coating. In this case it's gangster sim with nice visuals art work and voicing. I would recommend this if either you enjoy the theme of prohibition era gangsters or Calypso's other light city builder/business sim fare.The combat system is ok. An action point system with light cover mechanics and some skills. It can be challenging, but for the most part it should be smooth sailing on the normal level.The business sim part is exceedingly light until you start running into competing gangs, which suppliy an outside pressure on the system and prevent you from just raking in cash."
76561198070682512,Not Recommended,208520,9874123,"Posted: 19 April, 2014",all,ProvokingPerch,If it had ragdoll physics then i'd be happy
76561198006433013,Recommended,208520,2368172,"Posted: 4 February, 2013",all,Don Shepherd™,"Very good, same engine as Tropico 4. You can really tell ;)  9/10 (ShepherdApproval)"
76561197985986593,Recommended,208520,9947255,"Posted: 26 April, 2014",all,thajuicilous1,"really like this game, its turn based in the live action but it is easy to play and it is fun to strategize game play in a turn based gun shooter type of way."
,Not Recommended,208520,9993909,"Posted: 1 May, 2014",all,Lavatory Load,Garbage game
,Recommended,208520,10031584,"Posted: 5 May, 2014",all,murr,"Unbalanced, but fun. A few months more polishing would've made this title excellent, right now it's being bogged down by oversights in both programming and game design. Fun setting and it doesn't take itself too seriously. The fights are fun, but can also break the whole game if you go in prepared the ""wrong"" way. Best bit is putting up all the illegal joints and premises."
76561198117603594,Not Recommended,208520,10023789,"Posted: 4 May, 2014",all,Dr. Grant,"I really wanted to like this game but I can only blame myself for not. I should have known I would not like it, I'm usually not one for the top down turn based fighting but I really love the developers. I thought I would enjoy managing my own gang I love pretty much everything simulation or mobster related and the two togeather!  But this seemed to miss the mark with me, the main game feels a lot like a boardgame, and the music I swear I heard in a monopoly computer game I got from a cerial box in the 90s. This boardgame is exactly how it sounds, a boaring game."
,Not Recommended,208520,10013654,"Posted: 3 May, 2014",all,I love the lag,"I really wanted to like this game, I really did.  Unfortunately outside of combat it's basically an iPhone F2P game, and while inside of combat could be fun, in the second tutorial fight (at the end of the tutorial level, which I couldn't save in), I had two guys to four, was unable to hit a single guy, and was sniped to death by some ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ with a pistol with perfect aim at an impossible angle outside a window.  Unwilling to suffer through the excrutiating tutorial again, I gave Omerta the Cement Galoshes- now it's takin' a bath at the bottom of the pier with a rat burrowing out of its stomach."
76561198091554156,Not Recommended,208520,10055278,"Posted: 8 May, 2014",all,GigglyRaven,"This game has a really good concept, which was sadly ruined by a half♥♥♥♥♥♥♥interface. The turn based tactical RPG combat would be great if the movement wasn't so screwy....so yeah. I wouldn't suggest buying this game. In fact, I only own it because it came free with my Tropico 5 pre-order."
,Not Recommended,208520,10050853,"Posted: 8 May, 2014",all,lokomoko,"I would not recommend Omerta if you seriously feel like games based around the 1920s/30s mob, admittedly however I've only played about 3 or 4 hours of it. They continued the use of Tropico's engine (which is great in theory), but after about an hour or so one has just about done everything which can be done, thanks to the limited range of possible businesses and small maps, unlike Tropico. From then onwards all it's about is maximising efficiency with regards to where you buy and sell resources (beer, liquor, firearms, etc.) and ensuring you expand quicker than the rival gang(s). This was my main gripe, although there are a lot of other aggravating design decisions like a complete lack of logistics besides being able to buy main gang members cars, a complete waste of how nice the game looks by making literally nothing worth looking at on the ground aside from gang members moving around and civilians walking the streets, and absolutely horrid turn-based combat, similar to X-Com in how it generally runs but much, much worse, with the cheesiest action/thriller music I've heard in a recently released game. TL;DR don't buy it unless it's very cheap (~$5) and you really want a mob game."
76561198074209327,Not Recommended,208520,9763304,"Posted: 8 April, 2014",all,Edin,Most boring game i have ever played and the intro was misleading above all. Its basicly a 2d game worth 5$
,Recommended,208520,9779822,"Posted: 10 April, 2014",all,Bleepy,yeayea
76561198039164510,Recommended,208520,9784174,"Posted: 10 April, 2014",all,DarkMarcus,I'd recommend this game for the base fact it's purely fun by a challenge of skills that resemble chess during each encounter stage. for the towns surrounding the city & making your way inch by inch to become powerful takes such. Many friends I know expect 1st or 3rd person shooters or even a game with so much packed in they forgot one thing ... heh not every game was built just for their expectations.This my noted words & hopes all know what a true game is about it has advantages & some disadvantages.
,Not Recommended,208520,4148471,"Posted: 1 February, 2013",all,ANIMU TIDDIES,"So far this game is pretty easy. Once you get your economy rolling, there's very little that can stop you. All of the ""rival"" gangsters are passive. They don't try to acquire territory from you or call drive by's or anything like that. They just sit there and let you gobble up territory. Still, the game is easy to sink time into. Micromanaging your little underground empire is satisfying, but could definitely benefit from aggressive AI or something. The only way to lose is for the police to launch an investigation. There are many, many, many ways to derail the investigation, however. You can bribe the police for a paltry sum, call in a favor from a deputy if you have good relations, pin it on a rival gangster or establishment, and destroy evidence.The combat can be sort of wonky. Some weapons are clearly more useful than others. Combat is the only place where the game may provide some difficulty. The baseball bat guys are real ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s. They chip your AP with each hit, do heavy damage, and have decent HP.All in all, a decent game with a simple easy to learn interface that suffers from lack of challenge."
76561198032449996,Not Recommended,208520,8519606,"Posted: 2 January, 2014",all,DVDA Suicidalslinky,"The game WOULD be fun, but there's just not enough content. It's set up basically as challenge missions. Once you pay a deputy off at the start of the mission, you can go crazy robbing everything in the zone, when an investigation opens up on you, just ask the deputy for a favor and it magically goes away.I was really looking forward to this game because there were a few games similar to it released way back. If you want to enjoy this game, then I suggest checking out Gangsters (released way back in '98 though, but it's still better than this"
76561198088415942,Not Recommended,208520,10836310,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,Emeyin,"Not a bad game.  The city management got repetitive.  The tactical turn based combat was decent though.Things that could make this game better - More action, meaning more things going on in the world.  More events taking place.  Right now it's kind of bland.I only recommend this game if you're a fan of Gangster simulations."
,Not Recommended,208520,1828463,"Posted: 2 March, 2013",all,Big Blank,"I wouldn't suggest it. The gestion/simulation parts are boring and repetitive, and the combats are ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥, due to the idiotic AI, rushing on you even through everyone has firearms."
,Recommended,208520,10856517,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,JackDaniels325,"Lovely Management Simulation/RTS. I would say get it if your a fan of the Gangster and Mob like style games that have Turn based Combat.I enjoyed it mostly for the music and business building, while still completing the various taskes around the town.You will spend the combat time performing Criminal activities of importance or Robbing banks and what not. While the Town wide planning is a chance to expand your Empire. Though you still gotta work your way up."
76561198022266545,Recommended,208520,10860248,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,Jacko®,"Buy this on sale and be prepared to lose sevral hours when you first play, yes its that addictive!.For what this game is and costs it is as good as it could be.A very clever and enjoyable little distraction but no substitute for your main game at any point in time.Fantastic!!Jacko Rating8/10"
,Recommended,208520,11297487,"Posted: 17 July, 2014",all,DrasticSkuba,"While the game doesn't do anything remarkable, it's a fun enough game and is easy to learn.  You won't lose days of your life in it, but if you are new to isometric turn-based combat, it's an easy entry point.  The main story will be over between 8-15 hours or so, depending how much you struggle.  Any experienced player will be lucky to see more than 10 hours storyline on normal difficulty.If it's on sale, worth it.  If not, then... not"
,Recommended,208520,11452572,"Posted: 28 July, 2014",all,Yom,"I got Omerta free with Tropico 5 pre-order. It is an other type of game but we can retrieve the Tropico touch: good soundtrack, great ambiance, funny characters, nice graphics, ♥♥♥♥♥♥ UIs and script bugs. It is cool to expand your business in 1920's America but this game is not perfect and quite redundantThe real-time gestion part is interesting at the beginning and the money balance is very good, then it becomes a bit redundant when you understood how it works. Like in XCOM, the turn-based tactic combats could be VERY VERY VERY VERY frustrating on some difficulty peaks. It becomes better after having learned a few tricks, unlocked some characters, new weapons and character abilities..."
,Recommended,208520,12194561,"Posted: 22 September, 2014",all,Mr. McSinister,"The easiest way I'd describe this game is ""strategy lite."" There's an X-Com-like fight system, which can be a little unfair at times: every combat encounter brings the sometimes unwelcome surprise of a more powerful and more numerous enemy. It feels to me like Kalypso tried to nail the appeal of an X-Com combat system but fell woefully short. The larger world is straight-forward and reminded me of the gangster-business end of Godfather 2 (PS2), but is largely just a means to the story end - there's no real challenge to it. The story is good, and presented in a style which many Kalypso fans will recognize.I would recommend this game to anybody looking for a break from the more challenging strategy games that we all enjoy dumping so many hundreds of hours into. I would not recommend it to anybody who is looking for a well-wrought combat system or challenging strategic game."
,Not Recommended,208520,12036412,"Posted: 9 September, 2014",all,Throbbin' Williams,"Easily the most broken turn-based combat I have ever played. I know there is an achievement for missing a shot with 95% chance to hit, but it shouldn't happen every single fight, multiple times. Enemies across the map will get three hits in a row with 30% accuracy and you will miss all shots with 80. Cover is completely pointless anyway because enemies will just sprint up to you and never get on cover themselves. I honestly tried to like this game and had a good amount of fun with taking over the city, and I may have recommended it if it didn't force you to do combat.Final note, whoever thought it was a good idea to leave out an ""exit battle"" button on the autosaved pre-fight screen should be labotomized. You either have to play through an impossibly one-sided fight or quit and restart everything over.I paid 6 dollars and I regret it."
76561197982109899,Not Recommended,208520,12037368,"Posted: 9 September, 2014",all,Khaz,I thought this could be good from the nostalgia of Gangsters 2 that I had been feeling at the time. Reality is that this game is quite repetitive and feels pretty shallow.It's not a bad game though. Just a game that you eventually put down one day and don't look back.
76561198093129959,Recommended,208520,11931745,"Posted: 31 August, 2014",all,samuelyk,"Not bad game, if you like other games from Kalypso, like Tropico or Port Royale, you will probably want to play this game. You are not building your city, you are modifying existing city, running your gang members, your business. Fighting system is ... , interesting for a while. This is one of the few games which should be shorter, because you are doing the same stuff, little changes, but it is boring at the end. I for example did not finished this game, story is not interesting, must be part, like Call of duty, Watchdogs, nothing special, nothing interesting. I recommend this game, but only for small price, I got it for free with Torpico 5 prepurchase.Pros:Different gameGangstersCons:Too longStory"
76561198040602409,Recommended,208520,12021374,"Posted: 7 September, 2014",all,pauldbushey,"Ok so this game is not great. But it is good and here is why you should buy it. The combat. The game gets repetitive but its short enought to solve that issue on its own. The city management is fun at first but gets pretty lame latter on, although it gets much better in the japanese expansion. But that is not why you should get this game. The combat is very fun for a while.  It is like xcom but with mobsters.  Character progression is like an rpg and you choose your own ""party.""  Play it on hard. Trust me hard mode is basically the normal mode."
,Not Recommended,208520,12002324,"Posted: 6 September, 2014",all,Methane geyser found on Uranus,"Two reasons why I don't recommend this game (boy was i looking forward to this title, big disappointment coming from a gangsters 2 fan)1) Kalypso account needed to play, even for offline use.  I can not put into words how bad of a taste this leaves in my mouth.  Spend money on a game with the expectation to play it, load the game, and you're presented with a screen that does not let you go past it until you give them you email.  Even for offline play.  What a slap in the face to the customers, AFTER recieving their money.2) SHORT, SMALL MAPS!.  The mapsize is TINY and once you expand into the couple of other neighborhoods (yes its that small), the game is over.  now what do you do, start over? just so you can rule the few blocks that is the entirety of the map?  Stupid.  (Disclaimer: as of august 2014, I have ALL of the DLC.  maps are still tiny)In conclusion, if someone from kalypso ever reads this, you guys seriously need to stop this♥♥♥♥♥♥with the kalypso launcher account.  I already paid for the game, have it bound to my steam account.  The last thing I want to do is screw around with some stupid account with a publisher.  (Just remember how bad the response was for the new simcity requiring you to be online, this is just as bad)  Quit that♥♥♥♥♥♥  I'm not buying another one of your games unless I see a review that says there is no stupid kalypso launcher.  Way to♥♥♥♥♥♥all over the gaming industry."
,Recommended,208520,12113088,"Posted: 15 September, 2014",all,LLOYD AF,"I have played this game on Xbox already but could not resist when it was in the sale.Nice turn based combat with various weapons and enemies, decent storyline and plenty of things to manage.Anyone who enjoys this type of game / people who enjoyed Boardwalk Empire should pick this game up.Its worth buying at full price, I bought in the sale due to having on console already.8/10 (Only bad point is the main storyline is a little short, otherwise 9/10)"
,Not Recommended,208520,11964141,"Posted: 2 September, 2014",all,Draebor,"""Hmmm, City of Gangsters.... oh look, it's a period ganster game billed as a combination of XCom and Jagged Alliance and it's made by the same guys who made Tropico!  I love ALL of those games... how can this miss?(20 minutes after starting the game)Delete Local Content""Honestly, I had such high hopes for this game... I thought it might be like an updated and improved version of the 1998 Hothouse Creations game ""Gansters: Organize Crime"".  I think that's what they were trying to do, but the game play is too linear and the combat system is too clunky - in my first combat 'mission' I had 3 guys with pistols going against about 10 guys with shotguns, samurai swords and a machine gun (lots of samurai in New York in the 30s?).  That was enough for me."
76561198020895889,Not Recommended,208520,11954701,"Posted: 1 September, 2014",all,neckofleather,"While the potential for this game had me salavating, the product falls short.  This turn based, heavily railroaded game leaves much to be desired.  Unfortunately, this one fell short in my books.  And by short, I mean didn't make it to the starting line."
,Recommended,208520,12076732,"Posted: 12 September, 2014",all,zill0678,this is xcom enemy unknown dressed as 1920s gangster that just got the hell beat out of it giving it a few broken mecanics and a bad speach impediment. buy on sale to save your self some dough
,Recommended,208520,1743098,"Posted: 31 January, 2013",all,Doc Corb [RCL],"Played the demo, that convinced me to preorder. Not a flawless title, by any means. I was dissapointed how this developer handled the tropico series into 2-3, but they seemed to have learned a few lessons about what people enjoy in their games, and this game has a Kalypso media feel to it through and through. To describe the gameplay would be a mishmash of money management and tactical combat. To describe the money management, (a large part of the game) you essentially have zero expenses day to day, save gang wages, so there is no expenditures screen to ponder over. That said, bribery is a common element, and your primary expense to get da cops off your back. As for the combat, comparing it to Xcom is a bit unfair, and frequently brought up in reviews. It's more like jagged alliance, if that is at all fair. Gangsters have weapons, 3 abilities per weapon, move, whack, so on and so forth. It's straightforward, if a bit clunky. It feels like in a small way the combat was an afterthought, but combined with the streamlined money management bit, makes this a pretty decently fun title. :D"
76561198006837850,Not Recommended,208520,2402379,"Posted: 31 January, 2013",all,Guazzelli,"Not recomended. Limited options. ""Its like play monopoly alone"". Best Mafia administration game still is ""Gangsters: organized crime""."
76561198031283019,Recommended,208520,17088154,"Posted: 17 July, 2015",all,dan the scott,if you like earning ingame money and seeing things go from dingy down town with vacant lots to dingy down town with some nicer looking lots then i would recomend this. i personally liked it but thats just me.
76561198034421973,Recommended,208520,17114078,"Posted: 18 July, 2015",all,Stoeptegelinjesmoel,"Strangely addictive! Not the deepest or the hardest strategy game out there, but the combination of economy building, turn based combat and oldskool gangster flavour is well worth playing."
76561198040842630,Not Recommended,208520,8918768,"Posted: 30 January, 2014",all,Vhashaar,"This game had me for about three hours.The rest of the time I spent in a sort of trance, wherein I wasn't really enjoying myself but I couldn't quite put it down, hoping I'd find some spark that would reignite my enjoyment of this title.The strong point of this game is the period setting of 'Atlantic' City, replete with boardwalks, hooch smugglers, strongarm mobsters and bad accents.  A small crew (starting with 3, capping out at 6) operates around a particular segment of the city, working their way into local businesses, strangling the cash flow and occasionally shooting up other mobsters.The city management element of the game is a fairly simple juggle of three resources (beer, liquor, firearms), two types of money (dirty and clean) and police attention (gained by doing more of the things that get you the aforementioned items).  While I enjoyed seeing the city turn through its day-night cycle, the interaction was shallow and repetitive.  The best means of expansion across the urban setting is to reveal all local businesses via informants (who can be asked, forced or paid to do so), set up a supply chain of materials (a brewery to make beer, for instance, and a bar to consume it) and wait for the money to trickle in.And wait.And wait some more...In the interim, you can harass local businesses for immediate rewards, but these come with diminished income options and lots of police attention - which is the one way to attain a Game Loss state.  If the police meter tops out, the investigators come a-knockin'.  They can be paid off (the fee doubles each time), you can throw another business under the bus (worsening relations with all goods providers), call in a favor from a bribed official (if one was buttered-up prior) or you can engage in a single combat encounter to try and destroy the evidence.  Fail to provide one of these, and the game ends.But the waiting gets silly.  There is a fine point where your income and expenses are evenly matched and you're racing the margin curve to watch your influence spread across the town... But once you have it all, there's nothing to do with it.  Just watch the money numbers go higher as your Hotels and Casinos roll in totally legit *cough* moneys into your grubby coffers.But wait! The game features a turn-based combat mechanic with your squadmates! (whom you pay to retain every morning in-game).  There is a decent amount of attention to the environments, and your fragile mobsters will have to make good use of cover to avoid gut-shredding volleys of lead from your opposition.The interface is a mixed bag; on one hand, if you set a travel path for your character to take, the game helpfully counts out the steps (in Movement Points), tells you when an intersecting line of sight for an opponent comes up and displays available abilities cleanly; But then the camera obscures critical cover or registers a movement point for a character on the WRONG FLOOR and sends a goon running out into the open, making for a flight of stairs he won't reach for three turns!The gunplay is vicious, as enemies and allies both have shallow HP pools and guns do what guns do best.  There are also knives, brass knuckles and baseball bats, but it takes a truly hardy character to withstand being shot to death by four opponents before their next turn.It's disappointing that a game with good intentions for its environments does so little to help you customize or get to know your team.  There is a levelling mechanic (but in the campaign the level-ups are event-locked to missions, not combat encounters) wherein every level allows for a team member to grab a new perk.  These range from increasing core stats to raising critical chances and giving new abilities.  Of course, seeing as your henchmen never get stronger on their own, a single combat mistake can send your veteran to jail or the morgue.  Oh, there are also persistent injuries, wherein your character might lose half of their stamina bar or move at 1/3 normal rate.  No punches pulled here, folks.While you can purchase new weapons in the game and assign one to any given character, there is no cosmetic change on the models and the weapons lack flavor within their subclass; By this I mean that while I greatly appreciate 'the revolver' actually being two separate pistols, able to retalliate at the first shot fired and spray lead in a cone as a special attack (a great touch of flavor!), any one revolver behaves like any other, be it a common or a unique weapon.And as many reviews have pointed out, the game simply gets boring.  There is little incentive to advance within the story, except to discover how the various buildings you can set up in the city can synergize - or how snipey a Sniper can become, given enough accuracy and critical perks.But this game simply fails to inspire.  It looks nice, but it's far more shallow than one would hope.While it's worth a look at a discount or a bundle, I only managed to enjoy about 5 hours of its mechanics (not counting the plodding tutorial) and the rest was spent holding my breath for more.  Eventually my lungs collapsed and I died.  But then I got better and regretted the time spent not breathing."
76561197970372248,Recommended,208520,401270,"Posted: 4 February, 2013",all,Grampa Joe,bodda bing
76561198071688823,Not Recommended,208520,9841384,"Posted: 17 April, 2014",all,Nigga With A Rocket Launcher,cant even play it
,Recommended,208520,9600214,"Posted: 22 March, 2014",all,SGB,This is probably my best of the year a masterpiece 10/10
,Not Recommended,208520,10882183,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,rocaguinarda,Weak. So weak.
76561197979985577,Not Recommended,208520,10943753,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,Dan USA,"Omerta: City of GangstersPros-#1.Mafia based games are cool#2.Different ways to make money both legally and illegally#3.The graphics are ok#4.The music is okCons-#1.Is there any Italian mafia family that has female and non Italian members?I could believe they might hire one freelance or work with one in their crew but they would never be an actual member.Kind of like Henry Hill from GoodfellasI guess if they do not consider them members just in your crew that is more based on the boss allowing it, they just could never be madeI think they should of made this game so some of the crew you hire they make it clear that the full blooded Italian men can be made and everyone else can not since that was realistic.So it could be a perk to recruit them for that reason.#2.I never saw actual police in the cityYou might find out that deputy so and so lives in this building but they never leave itI have played mafia games similar to this that had a police station or several if the map was big and they would actually walk and drive around the cityIn that game if I was to go and kill someone on the streets the police would go to the location of the murder sometimes not always.You could kill the cops or bribe their boss of their stationIn this game just doing certain actions raises your heat level.I do not have a problem with that in theory but it would be better with police and FBI and DEA in the map and after you do stuff you see them check it outYou could have the option to kill them,bribe them,plant evidence somewhere else ectIn the game I am comparing this to you could blow up the police station and city hall and your rivals buildings#3.The combat sucksThe concept of what they were trying to do with combat could be fun but how it is in this game sucksI would of liked it more with real time point and click combat where we can buy weapons and put them with our crew.They simply would attack who you click on using the weapon they have and we would not control how they use cover if there is any.I know that is really simplistic and some would find that boring but I would of preferred that to thisI disliked the combat in this game so much I just wanted to auto resolve it and let the computer do it for me.It allowed that a few times but later on there was no context it would allow me to do itThis was to me the worst part of the game#4.The lack of an enemy in the main mapJust as there are no police there is no enemy roaming the main mapThey should of allowed us to hire and our enemies to hire lower level henchman/crew bodyguards to guard specific buildings or get in cars and patrol and do drive by shootingsYou know actually attack in real time combat in the main map.Even if it is turn based if you told some crew to drive to set location and you set their aggressive level to max if they see any enemy or police on the way there to just kill and chase them that would be realisticIf you set their level on say defensive they only shoot if shot at but will probably reach the locationIn a real life situation if a mafia boss or police officer wants to kill you or arrest you and they know where you are and you were willing to fight to the death if they tried wouldn't you either# 1. Have bodyguards in front of that building and in it as well if you could afford it#2. Try and hide and go to a new location and take some of those bodyguards with youThis game should have petty gangs which it has but you don't see them on the main map and there should also be large rival mafia families and sometimes multiple ones in the same main mapWe could kill them,bribe them make them so weak they become our ally,plant evidence against them so their boss goes to jail which could slow them down in some waysSteal their cars,booze,weapons ectThey could have missions start where there is one boss who is your friend and you see where he lives vs 2 bigger stronger ones.You could turn on him or you could share with him it is more variety#5.The people walking around the city in the main mapYou can not click on them.You can not kill them.You can not see what they think of any mafia in the city.You can not see why they like you or fear youYou could literally erase them all and it wouldn't change anything#6.Your crew members abilitiesNow they tried in this game and I give them that but they could of added so much more.In the game gangsters 2 and even in the game godfather 2 your crew can have more special perksThey should of tried to improve this more#7.Improving your base/hideoutI could see the reasoning behind paying so much money to allow for better illegal business options.It makes the game more challenging and you can feel like you accomplished something when you finally get the best money making illegal business goingWhat is the point of upgrading the fence?What is the point of getting a pool?Does it improve anything other than how it looks?I don't think it doesNow in theory I have no problem with customizing your base just for looks but why not take it the next step and let us customize how the boss of our family looks like in Tropico?#8.The camera angles in the main mapI would of liked to zoom in much closer and zoom out more#9.The map optionsPlay the game Gangsters 2 and there is a map option where you are like a general seeing the whole battlefield move in real timeIt also makes it easier to see which boss controls what territoryYou would have to see it to really understand but it improves games like theseThe Bottom Line -Omerta: City of Gangsters is a worse version of older mafia games.They should of stolen all the good ideas from the game Gangsters 2 and they should of used the concept of clicking on the everyone to see their point of view like Tropico since this is made by the same peopleIf it is based on combat I would prefer to play the Godfather or Mafia games over this.Gangsters 2 combat was simplistic but it was better than OmertaNow if after reading this if you still want to buy it DO NOT PAY MORE THAN $5 for this gameThat is all it is worth.I paid $10 and I regret it and anyone who paid more than that I feel sorry forMy 2 centsDan"
,Recommended,208520,13613845,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,YouKnowCrZ^,"The overall concept could make for an execellent game, but i feel like the combat system needs a little reworking.. I enjoy'd the game, up until one of my henchmen got arrested.. then it went all down hill from there, couldnt hire any more, couldnt fire him.. made me kinda sad :c"
76561198032143492,Recommended,208520,17970178,"Posted: 10 September, 2015",all,robhigh,I love this game - the best part is leaving cops bleeding on the floor. If you like the idea of running bootleg booze in prohibition and wiping the floor with any and all competition this is a good way to waste a few hours.Buy the gold edition though as you will want the DLC !
76561197991816198,Not Recommended,208520,17649426,"Posted: 21 August, 2015",all,Splattered_Cat,What a dissapointment. I was so excited about this game. I don't mind being a little disapointed but this was utter crap.
76561198051505813,Recommended,208520,17831434,"Posted: 1 September, 2015",all,AlphaGamur,"For the price this game is well worth it. It's a sim game, buisness management type game first. A combat game second and you can autoresolve the combat part if you don't want to do it. For sim game, management fans this is a must have."
76561198070220354,Recommended,208520,17404920,"Posted: 5 August, 2015",all,Belal,"Want to run your own crime organization, this simulation game is tons of fun with X-com like combat to make it even more fun.  Story could use some work, but gameplay makes up for the lack-luster story telling."
76561198032070687,Recommended,208520,17558195,"Posted: 15 August, 2015",all,ey2262003,I actually enjoyed this game a great deal.
76561198059263969,Recommended,208520,17560968,"Posted: 15 August, 2015",all,Paisey,Ignore the negative revies this game is AWESOME!!!!!
,Recommended,208520,17609065,"Posted: 18 August, 2015",all,VG Purist,"Pretty good game where you play as being a gangster during the prohibition.  With turn based tactical battles utilizing a guns and bats alike, what's not to like?https://youtu.be/cx0s66wfDMc"
,Recommended,208520,17610002,"Posted: 18 August, 2015",all,[Curse]Christmas Critter,Fun light weight game. If you like the idea of running a gang and can appreciate tactical action point based combat then you should try this game out.
76561198007517088,Recommended,208520,17583901,"Posted: 17 August, 2015",all,bat7981,"I really enjoyed it.  While it is repetitive in the sense that you have to build up each map from the ground up again there are differences in the map and the events that lead to the win condition.  The music is great also.  If you like the 1920s era and mob/ganster kind of games this is a must have.  I also really enjoy the turn based combat, skills and weapon sets of the characters.  They very enough to give many different play styles a shot."
,Recommended,208520,16919640,"Posted: 6 July, 2015",all,Kovnos,"An immersing game, with a brilliant atmosphere. The strategy part is excellent, while the combat is harsh and unforgiving. The game is like a mix of Tropico and XCOM - if you like either, you'll enjoy this too."
,Recommended,208520,17131931,"Posted: 19 July, 2015",all,Wumbology,this is really a good game. it is unique. little changes in the dlc but i would reccomend this game if you like management games and stuff like city builders with combat. WARNING the combat is turn based. you have so many movement points and action points.
76561197996743599,Recommended,208520,1706502,"Posted: 20 April, 2013",all,SylaxSYN,"This game took me by surprise.  I love the mafia genre, but at first look the turn based action/movement point combat really turned me off from it.  I recanted that thought after actually playing it.  The majority of the game is a city management sim with a mafia twist.  The combat can be minimal or it can be the majority of the game depending on how you play.  The combat reminds me of the tile strategy rpg video games with the limited movement and actions per round.  They aren't really my thing, but it's really done well in Omerta."
,Not Recommended,208520,20616241,"Posted: 18 January, 2016",all,Failedkamikazi,This game is hate.
76561198010743008,Not Recommended,208520,20865623,"Posted: 30 January, 2016",all,Salvus,"This is almost a good game.  I was extremely dissapointed by the sandbox mode, because you cannot expand into other neighbourhoods in the city.  After 15 minutes, you have dominated the map and there is no point ot continue playing beyond this point.  The one player is fun but after playing it through once, you're done with the game."
,Recommended,208520,16217032,"Posted: 5 June, 2015",all,Devildog,I like this game its like Xcom but i really like the strategy feel to its a little relaxing on earlier stages but then it gets a little harder.
76561197976161735,Recommended,208520,708399,"Posted: 18 February, 2013",all,MBarrier,Illegal stuff somehow still cute... try the demo.
,Not Recommended,208520,14653097,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,.cfu vue IE,Got this game as a free addon for buying a different game. This game feels like an decent web browser game but it is quite boring. It is like a tablet or phone game where you tell your resources to go and gather you more resources.
76561197966164461,Recommended,208520,16354438,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,BugOutBob,"Get it on sale.  Omerta is like a 4X (ok, maybe a 3X) for gangsters.  Build your empire, steal some cars, find ways to hamstring your oponents, and occasionally pop into a turn-based tactical game like XCOM, except with mobsters.  Both the empire building and tactical elements of the game are fun, but nothing is perfect.  First, I enjoyed the sandbox mode immensely more than most of the story campaigns.  The campaigns prescribed far to much... ""go take over *that* speakeasy"", ""go hunt for a witness right now"", ""boss fred needs you to x immediately"" ""ok, you finished this scenario eventhough you haven't done all that much, start over on the next map"".  Ugh.  Sandbox on the other hand you can grow where and how you want and you can grow all the way to the end game.  Additionally, to maybe add some additional challenge, some of the end-campaign tactical fights are practically un-winnable.  Your team is limited, but the enemy can spawn a dozen or so high-powered units around and behind you as you are on your way ""out"".  Cheap."
76561197998111395,Not Recommended,208520,1796111,"Posted: 28 March, 2013",all,HeisenbergAoE,Not even close to being as cool as seems in the screenshots.
76561197988709901,Not Recommended,208520,15427837,"Posted: 18 April, 2015",all,Sovereign_2183,"I really wish I could recommend this game, and there are certainly good elements present in this game. The story is interesting, though hardly revolutionary, and the setting and atmosphere are absolutely fantastic. Granted, I'm a big fan of mafia-type stories or stories involving secret organizations in general. And the gameplay can be fun for a while as you try to expand your criminal business. But there's one big, overwhelming flaw to this game: it's damned near impossible to lose. You don't face competition from rival mobs, and the few obstacles you face are a joke. It got to the point where my biggest worry was whether I would have enough time to build all the buildings I wanted before I inevitably won. I don't need the game to be the next Dark Souls, but a little challenge can make victory feel very rewarding. As it stands, victory just feels cheap.Overall, while this game can be fun for a while, it eventually gets tiring to start up a new level and the only worry on your mind is whether you'll win too quickly. If you really love the prohibition-era setting and stories involving old-school organized crime, then you might find it worth it to pick up this game if it's on sale for 5 dollars. Otherwise, I'd give it a pass, though it breaks my heart to say it."
76561198093189516,Recommended,208520,16121271,"Posted: 1 June, 2015",all,bickus,Good tactics game with a small mix of strategy. While strategy is a bit boring (at least after 10 hours of gameplay) - it allows to have rest from tactics sometimes.
76561197971562414,Not Recommended,208520,15240060,"Posted: 6 April, 2015",all,Korsobar,So terribly bad that I can't be bothered to even explain the myraid ways in which this game goes wrong.
76561198032105178,Recommended,208520,15070826,"Posted: 26 March, 2015",all,ToKeN,GOOD GAME PLAYS LIKE FALLOUT TACTICS at lest in the battle mode there are some glitchs but  good theme and not bad charcter leveling  so far best to get with addons really makes it more of a decent buy would like to see a nother one with more building more gangsters and weapons  and cars or bikes  to for drive bys
,Not Recommended,208520,15257415,"Posted: 7 April, 2015",all,wertsfd10,"Loved the game on Xbox.but refuse to play until they fix the combat crash issue, wasted countless hours already"
76561198008082274,Not Recommended,208520,11782230,"Posted: 19 August, 2014",all,leith,"Do not invest in this game even if it is on sale.  The one hopeful spot is that it offeres sandbox play, but don't believe it.I have to admit that this game has made me rethink anything released by Kalypso.  If they will release something like this, then I won't trust anything else they release.1. Basic Campaign Dull2. Sandbox unplayable either swarmed by rival gang or so easy nothing to do.3. Difficulty rating don't work.4. Art is so so and music very repeative.5. lacking any depth or even any concept of simulation of a time and place."
,Recommended,208520,11782431,"Posted: 19 August, 2014",all,Slightly311,"Its a pretty good game, I enjoy the economics and management aspects of it, but my only problem with it is some of the tactical encounters are near impossible, even in the tutorial. The second tactical scenario in the game (when they first raid your hideout) my boss was wielding a shotgun, which not even once was pointed at the enemy no matter where or who I clicked on. Ended up having to start a new game, where I tried to raid a brewery, and ended up facing 10 kamikaze KKK fanatics throwing knives and bombs at my two guys, who promptly rolled over and died on the very first attack. Kind of annoying when you are just getting to know the game and it keeps throwing these ridiculous scenarios at you, forcing you to face down 5 or 10 to one odds with either a ♥♥♥♥♥♥ pistol, revolver, or a shotgun that the main character only shoots in the opposite direction of the enemy. I recommend, but only at your own risk as I hear support is garbage too."
76561198012094079,Recommended,208520,10976599,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,Middnights,"Game is good for a price tag of around 15$ or so.Played the normal campaign which took me around 15 hours or so, the game can become repetetive but it's one of those games that you play once here and there, I don't see anyone finishing this from start to finish in one settingGameplay is a good blend of Top down strategy shooter ( Made me think of Xcom ) and a economy builder , where you need to get money from buildings and such.Only hard part about the game is it's combat battles, and the last mission, the economy part is not that hard and you're usually waiting for your next input of money.All in all I still recommend that anyone that likes City building or resource management , with a small blend of combat to pick this up , I enjoyed it till the end."
,Recommended,208520,1282252,"Posted: 26 March, 2013",all,Agent Knas,This game are damn good! Nice to be the boss In Game as I am IRL =DA modern Classic with style!
76561198019125686,Not Recommended,208520,3223248,"Posted: 8 February, 2013",all,TapewormLondon,"Dont get this game, its boring, linear and far too easy. You spend most your time waityng. Feels like a social network game......cant believe I just spent 30 quid on this."
76561198076683097,Recommended,208520,14059816,"Posted: 18 January, 2015",all,Authority Zero,"I did not get this game with high hopes of any sort, but I must say that it exceeded my nonexistant expectations.The game is more or less a fancy facebook app, but it is actually fun.I would reccomend it as a decent way to waste a few hours."
,Recommended,208520,2381246,"Posted: 3 February, 2013",all,Neworder,this game is terrible dont buy it
,Not Recommended,208520,13943820,"Posted: 11 January, 2015",all,G_Slayer,"As an italian american I cannot endorse this title, its just horrible in every way."
,Not Recommended,208520,13959916,"Posted: 12 January, 2015",all,Casual Horse,"Now I am a fan of turn based stragedy games and i gotta admit the combat in this game is tedious at best.The resource management system is flawed by having movement points and action points, its not interesting or unique in any way and your guys can take 5 or less steps and have to take a shot at 23% *miss* there is also no way to increase your characters stats so you just gotta grind the slow boring fights that youll most likely injure at least 1 toon. There is also no way to customize your characters. I just can't remember the last time i played a game so passively. Oh and the other ""gangs"" A.I. never attack or retaliate in any way.Just skip this title it is really bad, if your looking for a good turn based stragedy game get XCOM - enemy unknown, and if you wanna laugh you♥♥♥♥♥off get this game and xcom and compare the two."
76561198116803145,Recommended,208520,13640848,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,Turts,"Tropico meets xcom, Got it on sale and was well worth it"
76561198071898307,Recommended,208520,6667475,"Posted: 26 August, 2013",all,Crusaderjak,I dont know if you guys have this game but it is the best RTS you will ever play! If your not into doing the work yourself just auto assign! itsa fun game and i have yet to get rid of it!
76561198028331563,Recommended,208520,13054356,"Posted: 23 November, 2014",all,kets,"Well... I really hesitated to buy the game with all those mixed reviews, but honestly, I think it's pretty great! It's a nice blend of a trading sim and an RPG with turn-based combat.None of the systems in the game will blow your mind with complexity and I mean that as a good thing. The game mechanics are accessible and you still feel a measure of accomplishment as you progress. The henchman levelling system really gives me a fallout 2 vibe and I love that. The voices are great and I catch myself giving jobs to my henchmen, based on the their perceived personalities.I like this game, I can see myself spending plenty of time with it."
76561198042072548,Recommended,208520,14786166,"Posted: 7 March, 2015",all,Drunk3n M0nkey,"Dont let the number of negative reviews sway your decision to get this game, I initially did but then came back past to scoop it up on special. And i was not in any way disappointed.This is a nice little game (and yes it has some drawbacks, but which game dosnt?), campaign is somewhhat easy but sandbox is where its at, you can set a goal to reach for victory and then set the level of police and competition. This is where the game shines, once you start earning some money, the line between shooting up the competition to take over places and keeping the heat low enough so as not to attract police attention will keep you on your toes.And to the notion that you cannot lose, turn police and competition up to full, and put yourself to the test, im betting you wont win the first game, or the tenth.Sadly however, even sandbox can be limited once you start to push back the competition (although he will continue to fight even when he dosnt own any businesses and is not generating money, and can become quite vicious). Once he is dead you own the city, and thats it. A nice feature would be the ability to expand into other cities once you have taken it over and compete against those you have been trading with.Its basically an indie version of The Godfather II Game with bonuses for running certain businesses (money laundeering, speakeasy etc.) and 'perk' type buildings such as the security firm (must be purchased with clean, not dirty money), which generates goons to protect your buildings.So if you like that and gangster movies etc. definitly pick this bad boy up, try to grab it on sale tho, as its one for the library, but not the main one in it."
76561198072107904,Recommended,208520,13260918,"Posted: 6 December, 2014",all,Gyarados_Ouroboros,game sucks bye
,Recommended,208520,13543808,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,crosstold,Worth the Money. At first was in doubt but turns to be worth it. A misture of action through some fights and tycoon buy making business and upgrades to it.
76561197996547676,Recommended,208520,11233239,"Posted: 14 July, 2014",all,lucas16,"I love city building and tactical combat, this game has both."
,Recommended,208520,10846944,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,Apathy,"Its sort of like Gangsters (1998) but much more dumbed down. Not to say thats a bad thing.The main difference being there is a turn-based tactical battle system in it.My first playthrough of the game i didn't care much for the game, as I got my butt kicked even on Normal difficulty. But I went back and played it on a better difficulty for me and really enjoyed it. I played it non-stop until I beat the map I was playing.Ok. So what is the game?You start off with one character, yours. and then Hire more henchmen as you gain Dirty and Clean money.You'll build Speakseasy's and smuggle beer and liqour in to supply them to turn a profit. You'll have to take over NPC businesses by raiding them or having your businesses put them outta business.   Also taking over rival gangs buildings.All while amassing wealth, guns, and more supplies.All this happening while the Police catch on to you over time with the Heat system. But luckily you can hire Hitment class Henchmen to perform actions without gaining heat. And you can also bribe the Sheriff and Politicians to lower Heat and bust your henchmen outta jail.Build special buildings that turn your Dirty money into Clean money. Lower heat. Other special buildings that automatically send Hitsquads out to attack your enemies.There is a TON of synergy with how you can build. And thats not just because a Distillery supplies a Nightclub. Many buildings often have their own bonuses. Bookkeepers will give a bonus to Boxing arenas because of the implied betting and fixed fights (there's no option for this. its just an explanation of the idea of the bonus). Or you can build a Lawyers office that gives a bonus to the Accountant building that helps you're money laundering. Etc.Battle system? Well your henchmens class is kind of determined on what weapons they are using.Shotguns shoot in a wide cone, as do Tommy Guns. But Tommy Guns often cause you're enemies to Panic because of the Courage system in the game. Too much damage to your HP and/or Courage and you're henchmen will lose Action Points (for how many times you can shoot or use an ability per turn) and Movement Points (Obviously, affects how you can move in battle).  Other weapons like Knives, Baseball Bats, Katana's (Yes Katana's..), Machine Guns (Different than Tommy Guns), Flame Throwers, Sniper Rifles, Semi-Automatic Pistols, Dual Revolvers... And probably more..  Each with their own affects in battle, and own abilities.  Giving a WIDE range of tactical freedom.Combat is fun. To put it short.Even funner is visiting local Crime Lords to buy special weapons of what I mentioned above. Giving weapons anywhere from 10-30% extra damage. Reducing AP cost of actions by 1 point per action. Increasing Critical Strike Chance. Making the cone of damage or range of your weapons greater.. Just so much.And even more after the battle is leveling your Henchmen up to a max level of 12. Picking perks each time they level. Increasing their stats, their Critical Chance/Damage.Really the weakest part of this game is that I wish it gave more freedom over buildings. And I wish those buildings had more functions. I wish there was bolder features to some buildings. I also wish they would have done more detailed features like Gangsters did where you could Kidnap and Assassinate certain gang members. The game really just needs more Cloak and Dagger to it.But it's still a great game. Pick it up on sale. Play a few games. Take over the city. Its a very underrated game, in my book. Wish we could get more Mobster/Mafia sims. This one does a solid job to the genre."
,Recommended,208520,9967174,"Posted: 28 April, 2014",all,Morphkool,"Good game, lots of extra content, only one problem is some of the combat is heavly one sided even on normal mode (AI sided). I have a extra copy if anyone wants to trade game ?"
,Not Recommended,208520,9975115,"Posted: 29 April, 2014",all,FULL M3TAL OUTLAW (PF),"SPAT my dummy out on this one, bought it when it first came out when it was expected to be the next gangsters MAJOR DISAPPOINTMENT!!"
76561197981556619,Not Recommended,208520,9987499,"Posted: 1 May, 2014",all,=NrJ= Sensei,"crapp game, waste of time and money"
76561198029795150,Recommended,208520,10818240,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,Soloxlch1000,Don't believe the hype this game is fun and I wished Tropico had gun batles like this!
,Recommended,208520,13539595,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,Paronic,"As far back as I can remember, I always wanted to be a gangster.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GW71aILZEXo"
76561198078497269,Not Recommended,208520,13537457,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,Greasy_Yeet,"Bought it on a -85% sale and still dissapointed.  Feels very very shallow.  It is all scripted and there is no replayability at all.   Compared to Gangsters: Organised Crime this game seems to have no strategy element.  The tactical combat feels really bad, especially if you've played games like Silent Storm Sentinels.Still waiting for a proper remake of Gangsters: Organised Crime :("
,Recommended,208520,5369249,"Posted: 23 July, 2013",all,Cpt.Zalan,Amazing game! Gangstah!
,Not Recommended,208520,7929786,"Posted: 5 December, 2013",all,RageQuit,"Think of the most soul crushing, grinding Facebook games.  Then release it on Steam.  That's essentially Omerta in a nut shell.  I've played it post patches and what not, but the amount of waiting and waiting and waiting you spend on your guys doing actions is ridiculous.  I don't expect to have everything happen instantly, by any means.  I love Civilization, and the waiting that game entails.  But it's a different sort of entertaining wait that you can actually utilize to tweak a few things here and there.  Not so in Omerta.  If you catch it on sale with EVERYTHING that comes with it for $10, might be worth it.  Otherwise, skip this one."
76561197974938622,Recommended,208520,670214,"Posted: 2 February, 2013",all,Mr.Boe.dk,"if you love mobster movies ore the series Bordwalk empire  BUY IT, ITS AWESOME :D  its like the godfather in a strategi version with historical persons :D its great :D"
,Recommended,208520,7938856,"Posted: 6 December, 2013",all,dl*WolfLordAndy,"Fun game, but not worth full price, wait for it to be at least 75% off at least. Is a little bit Facebooky in the main overview/strategy stage of the game, but the combat is fun."
,Not Recommended,208520,7941100,"Posted: 6 December, 2013",all,Arc,"The city sim portion of the game is nice. Buying, bartering and beating competition as gangsters is kinda fun. The combat portion of the game however is god awful. The AI cheats, cover isn't that helpful and most of the mandatory missions favor the defending team while you and your crew are the invading team. Also expect molotovs burning you through walls. Game is not worth full price."
,Recommended,208520,1122852,"Posted: 2 February, 2013",all,"Mikoto ""Railgun"" Misaka","This game gets a lot of comparisons with XCom because of the combat system, but I think those comparisons also give a very misinformed idea of what the game is to prospective players and it ends up with crushed expectations.The combat system is very similar, but here the main focus is on running the gang and it's operations, jobs, and so on as opposed to focusing mainly on combat. That makes it a lot slower paced, but not in a bad or good way - just in a ""this isn't XCOM"" way, which might not be what you're looking for.For me, it's just right and I actually really enjoy playing. The combat is strategic (albeit starter guns feel almost based on random chance to hit sometimes) especially after you start buying better weapons and getting new henchmen - and the town gameplay takes a good amount of planning to get down right and is addictive somehow. The actual combat is actually challenging on a good level at times too - while in XCOM you either get through super easy or it's just TOO difficult.I recommend it if you don't mind a slower paced strategy game and like the mob - otherwise, just get XCOM if you want a lot of action and not much else or are more into sci-fi than mafia stuff. Both are great games, but they are for different audiences."
,Recommended,208520,7970251,"Posted: 8 December, 2013",all,quad341,"Omerta seems like it could have been a fun game. The problem is it waivers between too slow while you wait for the resources you need and constantly keep re-bribing cops and starting over. The game would probably have been much more fun if, like The Godfather (the first game), you built up your criminal empire over time. Instead, you build up your current city of nowhere, do the few ""story"" missions which will give you some combat, reach some sort of resource goals, and start over.Without the pleasure of really developing, the city/empire building feels completely hollow.The combat is better, but it is still a significant step down from something like XCOM. At least if ou were doing it more, it would feel more important. The cover system seems rather flakey about always helping you rather than making you just crouch at a strange point. Combat also feels to draw out especially if a single baddie is hiding in some corner somewhere and you have to track it down.I admit to not making it to the part of the game where you can actually build structures and the like, but it was just so boring that I didn't care to continue. And why would you play a game that's boring anyway? There are better games for anything you would be looking for here."
76561197999724711,Recommended,208520,7970522,"Posted: 8 December, 2013",all,Trotyyli,79 points of 100
76561198073850661,Not Recommended,208520,7971061,"Posted: 8 December, 2013",all,Vermillion,very sucks.. too many bugs..its a world of♥♥♥♥♥
76561198038408558,Recommended,208520,7973597,"Posted: 8 December, 2013",all,MightyMouse,"I want a refund. I have purchased this game a day ago and I'm still unable to play. Tried several times to ""opt-in' for registration mail again but nothing. Also tried contacting by email but no response. I just want my money back, this game has already taken to much of my precious time without actually being able to play the ****** game.  Result is that I don't want to play it anymore, please tell me how I get a refund!"
76561198034436237,Recommended,208520,7975245,"Posted: 8 December, 2013",all,The Knight At Arms,"Its a great game, good graphics and a good experience. The develops may need to check the game again due to some mission bugs."
76561198030757993,Not Recommended,208520,7975607,"Posted: 8 December, 2013",all,Hell_Jumper,"i was expecting a game like ""gangsters 2"" but nope. so i'm let down didnt want what it is."
,Not Recommended,208520,7975681,"Posted: 8 December, 2013",all,o8BitKid,This game is bugged up!! You can not even save a game and there is litterally nothing being done about it. The dev's do not care at all about thier community. DO NOT BUIY THIS GAME!!!!
,Recommended,208520,7982330,"Posted: 9 December, 2013",all,muten buxi *ALVORADA,Singleplayer is a bit buggy but I like the Co-op mode
76561198052667994,Not Recommended,208520,7948171,"Posted: 6 December, 2013",all,Ninja Joe,"paid 10 bucks for a game that I cant even play with registering an email for them to send junk which isnt even the problem, but its been two hours since I asked them to send me a conformation email to even get past that part what a ♥♥♥♥♥♥ game that I havent even got to play yet... dont buy"
76561198028167371,Recommended,208520,7950831,"Posted: 7 December, 2013",all,Deputy Friendly,"Some reviews claim this game is boring, while I would say it was relaxing and enjoyable. The combat would have been perfect if you could throw in the XCOM system way of things, though it is quite annoying when the ""Boss"" steals a car and drives around for no reason, using the longest and wrong routes to actually get to the objective. I think the 75% price for this game was fair and I am glad I did not pay more for what I got. I would also like to give props to the development team on the in-game music, it was very cool."
76561198031004081,Recommended,208520,7960721,"Posted: 7 December, 2013",all,mandix81,"This seems like a good game, i do miss some more non action multiplayer, as like u can both have hq in the city and fight over the power in the city. nice voice over and good music if u like jazz, it makes the perfect mood for being the boss :-)"
76561198047461576,Not Recommended,208520,20647272,"Posted: 20 January, 2016",all,Moms sphagetti,Boring.
76561197974913851,Recommended,208520,14994081,"Posted: 21 March, 2015",all,LimpMadness,"Love this game, wish more people would play it online... :((((("
76561198033299158,Not Recommended,208520,27799559,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Wraith,"I love games like XCOM, old school FF Tactics, Ogre Battle etc, and was very much looking forward to this.Unfortunately, your players hit rates are abyssmal while the computer seems to be able to make the most outrageous attacks from even further away with your players in cover.  Makes it little else but a text of your patience and tolerance when engaed in the battles.If the battles were more balanced, overall, I would enjoy playing it."
,Recommended,208520,1259914,"Posted: 28 February, 2013",all,General Curtis LeMay,"If you are willing to give this game a shot, you'll find that it's an offer you can't refuse."
,Recommended,208520,6855000,"Posted: 10 July, 2013",all,$lick $loth,Настоящий гангстер.
,Recommended,208520,2180873,"Posted: 5 May, 2013",all,Schnuzz,"Мда. Перед покупкой всё-таки надо было взглянуть на метаскоре. Игра в целом неплоха, но своих денег не стоит."
76561198059430993,Recommended,208520,26468866,"Posted: 6 November, 2016",all,Shredlock,"Massive fan of this game, its a throwback to the old Fallout 1 and 2 combat system and in this age of gaming its sorely missed. For everyone whining about turn based combat, you're all the reason the Final Fantasy series is the abomination it is today. This game is a underrated masterpiece, the combat AND town overview, quests, strategies, everything was nailed perfectly. Would love to see the same premise but with different themes maybe a gladiator/rome setting, or kick back to fantasy with some dwarves and elves. Hell even a sequel would be killer. Can't recommend this game enough."
,Recommended,208520,11305704,"Posted: 18 July, 2014",all,Some old gamer,"I purchased Omerta - City of Gangsters several years ago.  I've since spend almost 400 hours playing this game.  I clicked on the store page to find out who published it because I like the game and I was hoping a sequel or another game like it was available.  I'm writing this review because this is a good game but I don't see many reviews and the ones I do see are mixed.The game is a combination of an RTS with optional turn based strategy combat encounters.  You build a gangster who can be good in combat with a knife, baseball bat, katana, pistol, shotgun, rifle, machine gun, flame thrower etc.  During the RTS part of the game, you make deals, you buy, or steal liquor, beer or firearms, then sell them for  a profit.  You use the money you earn making deals to set up ligitimate businesses some which earn you dirty money, others clean money.  You can use dirty money to set up and purchase certain things, and clean money to setup and purchase others.  The goal in sandbox mode is to wipe out the rival gang, which means beat them economically, then wipe them out for good in combat.I've spent almost 400 hours playing this game, and still enjoy playing it from time to time.  If you're looking for something out of the ordinary, Omerta - City of Gangsters is it."
76561198011765392,Not Recommended,208520,28332668,"Posted: 12 December, 2016",all,shinigamikitsune,"I originally bought this game, thinking it would be like a mix of Gangsters: Organized Crime with a bit of X-Com-lite turned based game, and have to say I'm disappointed.Pros: It looks nice, the interface is easy to play with and it does invoke the era you're playing in and the base building is actually a nice litte touch that gives the players a sense of progress beyond watching the numbers go up.Cons:As many reviews noted, the combat system heavily favors the AI - your henchmen can't hit for beans, and statuses such as bleeding seem to proc way more often when the computer is using it. It is challenging, but not in a way that feels fair. Add to the limited amount of maps you play on, the fights become grueling slogs of same old same old.The sim section is incredibly easy, especially if you played other management or sim games before and there is not a whole lot of variety - you're basically almost entirely doing some form of rumrunning. In the aforementioned Gangsters (A game released in the 90s), you had a much larger variety of illegal activity such as gambling, teamsters, and smuggling and pairing appropriate fronts with illegal activities for maximum profit and minimum visibility is part of the game play. In Omerta, you know exactly where these things are placed, it's just a matter of buying and pumping money in to run errands.I had very little issues with rising heat, as bribery is too easy a fix for it and as I found combat frustrating and sloggish, I don't actively seek out extras (which is the main source of heat).There's stages where I've literally bought illegal enterprise, maxed out the safe house, and did all the story objectives so it ends up being a matter of waiting for my cash flow to hit the goal.And the stages all have the same general flow: Fight some rival mobs > Buy some distilleries and Speakeases > run errands  > couple more combat maps > buy more land, maybe bribe someone > wait for money.It's not a terrible game, but a very repetitive one that isn't worth $20 (And as people stated, the DLCs are not worth $5), if   you're still curious, I would highly recommend getting it on sale."
,Recommended,208520,1089233,"Posted: 13 September, 2013",all,Brody,"I think this game would have been a lot more fun if they had done the fights more of a tropico style. Going in to manually control your guys for each little battle gets to become an annoyance. I really want to just be a mob boss but instead I'm leading these guys into battle over a spilled beer crate. If my boss ran around gunning people without my help that's when it would be cool, sadly the auto resolve button for fights just ends up with you dying or winning with someone in jail or injured."
76561198040919135,Recommended,208520,22837194,"Posted: 6 May, 2016",all,Cylexus,"I had loads of fun with this game, i wasnt sure about ti based on the trailer or the screenshots but thanks to the demo I was sold :)Its a shame so few games make demos these days."
76561198033984598,Recommended,208520,18039183,"Posted: 14 September, 2015",all,Animono,Rating: 7/10
76561198007478107,Not Recommended,208520,2447693,"Posted: 2 February, 2013",all,Kris,Don't buy it. Was hoping for something like a modern day Mob Rule.
76561198085248904,Recommended,208520,22697927,"Posted: 28 April, 2016",all,Donald Trump (The President),the game is really fun and adicting. the story is awesome and the era the game is in makes this game a really good gangster game. the combat systme may take some time to get used to.  the levels do feel like they are recycled and sandbox mode just seems boring.  other than that i rate the game a 7/10
,Not Recommended,208520,20624143,"Posted: 19 January, 2016",all,Foxysen,"Omerta - City of Gansters is a strategy. Or management game. Or at least it combines real-time management, using turn-based combat to settle conflicts. And as you guessed it, it's about running small mafia business, made by Haemimont Games and Kalypso and released in 2013. It also was ported to Xbox 360.Apparently, this game was release in quite swallow state at first. For examples, from what I know, you couldn't have use cars and there were no enemy gang in sandbox, which will explain to you why the game was recieved negatively. Or maybe there wasn't sandbox at all, I wasn't there. Thankfully, developers actually listened and actually improved the game. Though, I bet that it mostly came by back-porting new stuff introduced in Japanese Incetive expansion pack DLC into base game.Technically, bugs occasionally pop up. Like, sometimes the game progress in combat will freeze after enemies used fire bomb, making the turn last forever. Or on strategy map my boss avatar on car decided that he can take his sweet time setting Speakeasy and then drove off the map and back. Twice. There were strange lag spikes in sandbox too.Multiplayer community seems to be completely dead. Nobody in chat, no games to be found. Hm, maybe that's because I don't have Japanese Inciative DLC.The plot of this game takes during Prohibition Era in USA, as your avatar fled there in a chase after a wild goose that is American Dream. Now your mission is to become a ganster and parasite on society, ruining otherwise good-spirited idea of prohibition. Buying out everything in each part of city and doing it again. And then win. And then prohibition era will end, your business will dissapear, you will end up in jail for tax evasion and you will get heart attack from shaaaame.No, I didn't beat whole campaign. And obvious Mario references are obvious.For single-player, here is campaign and sandbox modes. In campaign you have to complete separate levels, the only thing that carries over is your gang and half of Fear and Liked amount. In each mission you have to fulfill a certain objectives to win. And the first half of a game is real-time mangament. And you will see why people compare it to Facebook games - there are no rival gangs. No time speed function, you have to click on character portrait once his order is done, you spend time waiting for things to happen as nothing goes wrong, usually. Wouldn't say that this is Facebook gameplay though, you can still screw up a bit and it doesn't feel as pointless as F games.You also still have to watch out for police. You will be getting attention if you order something criminal, like burgary, and you will get their attention slowly even if you do nothing. Albeit there are buldings that will reduce this effect. So while criminal things may give you a quick effect, you want to stay as legal as possible. The problem is that in campaign there are no rival gang or anything to pressure you, so sadly there is no real choice and no reason to go dirty.You just set up even most basic production and then the question from ""will I win?"" goes to ""how soon will I win?"".For handling conflicts, you got turn-based combat. Four of your guys against any number of baddies. It's probably good, there are a lot of good stuff implented. It shows only what your mobs can see. There are useful features like icon which shows who this characters sees. Game shows icon on path that you set which point at spots where enemies can fire at them. Cover system is also neat, but remember that runn out in the open is sometimes a better idea to overwhelm enemy. Or that every enemy has three abilities. Wasting one point for aiming. Melee characters keep movement points after action. Neat stuff, as said.Though in the end, everybody will be bleeding.Sadly, they also have very weak presentation here. Visuals and soundtrack here are weak and pretty much no special effects. It's like they don't want you to have a blast on purpose. I am not fanatic of old PC strategies like this to enjoy such approach. Oh, by the way, management side has nice music, I think it consist of licensed tracks.Sandbox mode on other hand went extreme into another way. You now have a rival gang now and this AI is so agressive, you will keep being dominated. I heard that it was a very late addition in latest patch. I am not sure if AI cheats, but it's probably just way too good, especially when player can't slow down time in management half to issue orders. There is only way to victory - grab money and try to build Security Agency on Construction slots which will automatically generate gangs to defend your buildings, while you also should do ""wetworks"" missions for crime lord to level your chars and get money. And only after getting Security Agency you will be secured from losing the game and can slowly struggle to take over businesses that surround you from the hands of enemy gang. Until you finally get recources to take on his hideout and get some anti-climax poor fight and be a winner.Sounds challenging, but having only one way to possibly win isn't too fun either.As for multiplayer, it was only about turn-based combat. Either coop or versus. I didn't get to play a single match, sadly.And I am not sure what to think of this game. It's not exactly awful and you can enjoy it slowly. But eh, nothing to excite me. Absolutely nothing. Then again, I am not fan of such genres or settings. Why did I get this game? Oh, right, Tropico 5 pre-order bonus."
76561198067821212,Not Recommended,208520,7963276,"Posted: 7 December, 2013",all,wolfyboy1,"This game is not by any means worth £29.99 the game is repeditive and boring. It does not take long for the constant repeating of the same things to get boring, even with all the lovely stereotypical ""mafia accent"". The game does however have some pretty funny easter eggs relating to the characters. However the game is just not worth that amount, heck not even half as much. If you ever get this game make sure is on a deal, otherwise it will just be one of those games that gather ""metaphorical"" dust."
76561198001807994,Not Recommended,208520,7964852,"Posted: 7 December, 2013",all,Crudux Cruo,"Completely unopimized, cheesy graphics, lame storyline, skin deep gameplay... dont get it."
76561198050447266,Recommended,208520,8170702,"Posted: 21 December, 2013",all,Twelvegageshoty,"Omerta - City of Gangsters is a criminal tycoon sort of game with mix ups of squad turn based encounters. I reccomend this game if something different once in awhile is what your looking for, however, with lack luster graphics, and good yet repetative period music and overall game play this isn't a game you'll be putting countless hours into. More of a I got an hour to kill once in awhile sort of game as it can burn you out fast if you don't watch. Nothing special, but unique and good for a wasted hour when needed. Overall I give it a 5/10."
,Recommended,208520,8171351,"Posted: 21 December, 2013",all,MrD3struction,"This is a really fun game that can steal hours of your time without you even noticing, combat is fun, story is kinda cliché, but still would recommend 7/10"
76561198088921908,Recommended,208520,8247216,"Posted: 24 December, 2013",all,szita2000,"I quite like this sort of games, and the 1920's feel is really well captured.The voiceovers are excellent, the characters are as you would expect them to look in those days.Give it a try you won't regret it."
,Recommended,208520,8232197,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,Jeferson Oliveira,"A fun game that reminds me of the old Gangster 2. Has good graphics, good sound and should entertain fans of strategic games for some time. It has it's flaws and all (like being punched to death through a freaking brick wall during tactical combats), but is a fun game nonetheless. 7/10"
76561198031737874,Not Recommended,208520,8225518,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,5nou7,"The majority of the game, taking over a town, is all done through menus and feels very dated. Each new level follows the same pattern of set up building 1, building 2, building 3 and gets boring fast. The combat is turn based with mild tactical aspects. It is fun but not very complex or deep enough to overcome the rest of the game."
,Not Recommended,208520,8178241,"Posted: 21 December, 2013",all,Uncanny Mr. Spalk,"I recommend that you stay away from this one, unless you want a simplistic turn based strategy game that feels like it belongs on a console."
,Recommended,208520,8165861,"Posted: 21 December, 2013",all,Daymare,"is DLC support mac?DLC 맥에서 되나요?DLC설명엔 DLC가 윈도버전만 되있어서,,,"
,Not Recommended,208520,4905051,"Posted: 27 May, 2013",all,BoomBoy®,"They should continue working on tropico instead of making games like Omerta, this game is dull not only the sandbox is dull and it feels you are playing against yourself. So yeah maybe the update should do but nobody is willing to pay more money for a dlc. I only played a few missions on the story and the battle system is slow and dull too. Don't buy this game."
76561198007986665,Recommended,208520,8151599,"Posted: 20 December, 2013",all,JinJinRin,"In the first 20 hours, this game is very loose and boring.but, some battles before ending are good.This game is somewhat similar to tropico4. You repeat your action just as in the previous map.but it is too simple compared to tropico 4 in management. and the city map is so small that you may buy a whole buildings in a map.Battle is too easy at the 'Nornal' Difficulty and too difficult at the 'Hard' Difficulty.Battle is similar to that of XCom and Jagged Alliance. But, this is also simple compared to Jagged Alliance Series.Actually I recommend this game.You can play a game without hard thinking at the normal difficulty."
,Recommended,208520,8020608,"Posted: 12 December, 2013",all,Eldrick,"You know what, this is fun. Yes it is slow but that suits me. You can dawdle along with a cup of tea in one hand and your mouse in the other, building your little empire on each part of the map. Add a gangster here, another there, take the fight missons or set them to auto resolve if you want. Either way it is a nice pace.So if you are expecting CoD go somewhere else. If you want to be entertained for a few hours but don't want to pushed or harrassed by the game, then get this. Just get it in the sales would be my advice. I have not seen anything in the game yet that has made me regret the purchase.It is not difficult to manage the econy and it is not difficult at all to keep the cops off your back. Combat is again a slow, turn based affair and that is ok with me in this game. It is not complex, just select an attack method and a target. Most times I come out with 3 out of 4 gang mambers in tact.Overall, entertaining more than 'fun' and that is what I wanted... Entertained for a few hours between other more complex games."
,Not Recommended,208520,8411693,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,dccamsari,"The game is long and the missions are repetitive. It's fun to buy assets, manage your financial sources, and build your dirty money empire, but you basically have to start over each time you play in a new district and it gets boring after a few hours of gameplay. Storyline is poor, turn-based combat is fine. It is maybe worth it when it is in  the 3$-6$ price range, I definitely not recommend it if its more expensive than that."
,Recommended,208520,8421828,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,CarlCX,"OMERTA ISN'T ON ANY MAP I KNOW, BUDDY"
76561198149462034,Recommended,208520,28779035,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,caburnett5454,"ok so first off the game is not perfect. No game is, thats just how it goes. The combat is frustrating for the wrong reasons, the economy is decent but not very deep, and the story telling is good at somepoints and passable at others. However none of the aspects of this game should be considered bad but rather not as good as it could be. The combat is in my opinion to worst part of the game and even then it is better than some games ive had the misfortune to play. The combat can be clunky and slow and the AI can be downright stupid at times, welcome to turn based strategy combat systems, they tend to be this way, the combat does get better asthe game goes on and new weapons and characters are available to you but it never really becomes your favorite part of the game. The economy is better, in my expierience the economy is by no means a deep system. It does not get effected by your actions in the story, it does not change much at all with the exception of a few missions and buildings. However the game seams to encourage you to expiriment with the economy, it is fun to make it a goal to sqeeze as much out of each part of the city you visit, change up what you have in an area as you go through the mission in order to increase profits, decrease your heat and change with number of independent businesses slowly decreasing ad the number of friendly faces going away as they are used up. In one city run a fear based bussiness in the form of protection rackets, pawnshops and gunnrunners. In another work with the populace in the form of a soupkitchen and speakeasy setup. My point is expirement with it. The game gives you a limited number of slots to build with inn each different map, find a wa to make it fun and take everything you can from each place you visit.Finally there is the story. It not the best mafia story out their but lets be honest when was the last good mafia story since the godfather movies. The story has its ups and downs butit does not make or break the game. In my opinion it beats mafia three on its repetitive nature and story. In any case i would say that if you are looking for a game that can be enjoyable and give a slightly realistic powertrip youve come to the right place. just dont look for the best and you should be satisfied. Just a quick end note, If you can, get the gae on sale with DLC. Its the best way to do it."
76561198029371311,Recommended,208520,3937039,"Posted: 21 March, 2013",all,StormKr0w5150,And the Oscar for best Sim Gangster game goes to....
