user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
,Recommended,208580,17162657,"Posted: 21 July, 2015",all,Kutar FOX,"Can you believe it?10 YEARS LATER, this game gets an update, a damn good one.A damn good one (directly from announcement):• 37 achievements to be earned through gameplay• Steam Cloud saves• Native widescreen resolution support• Resolution support up to 4K and 5K• Support for controllers, including Xbox 360, Xbox One, Playstation3, and Playstation 4, along with several others (check the system requirements for details)• Steam Workshop support! We proudly worked with the Restored Content Mod Team to have their famous TSLRCM up on launch dayOh...and we added a ""Force Speed Effects"" option in the menu ;)"
,Recommended,208580,7751083,"Posted: 25 November, 2013",all,GruesPrey,"Ah, KOTOR II. Where to start? First, download The Sith Lords: Restored Content Mod. I state this because the standard game is highly unpolished, is missing a lot of extra dialogue and has many bugs that will frustrate anybody, whether they are new to Star Wars or loved the first KOTOR.This game shows mechanics that would later be implemented into Mass Effect. A definite meter to determine morality, the breaking down of gear into components (or ""omni-gel"" for you Spectres), combat that can be paused while issuing commands to you and your squad along with a focus on dialogue options between NPCs and your companions. Your choices in these dialogues could allow you to avoid a combat situation, help progress a quest, or give more information on your companions or your surroundings.Those familiar with some Star Wars lore (such as the movies or KOTOR I) are probably aware of the black-and-white morality shown. For example, KOTOR I gives you a situation where a woman is attempting to sell a hunters trophy belonging to her late husband. You can either buy the trophy from her (the light option), or convince the woman using the Force to give you the item (the dark option). KOTOR II blurs morality into tones of grey, where the Jedi are not seen entirely as the paragon of all that is good and where the ultimate ""light"" option is not always perceived as the most prudent one.Part of this blurring of the lines is due to Kreia, one of the companions accompanying you, the Jedi Exile. A mysterious woman whose becomes more cryptic with every word, her musings and personality have convinced me she is one of the most fleshed-out and well written characters in video game history. The strange thing is, not many of the other characters seem as interesting as Kreia in comparison. Actually, I'm somewhat wrong; HK-47 is a great companion as well. His mannerisms about murder, his copies and his past are worth listening to if you want to chuckle. Atton is somewhat interesting wisecracking pilot and the remaining characters aren't worth writing home about. They're not bad characters, just not great ones.I'm going to stop this review now before I type spoilers and just tell you to play it. If you enjoyed Mass Effect, if you played KOTOR 1, if you enjoy learning about the lore of Star Wars, or if you need an RPG fix sorted out, KOTOR II is a great option. Just make sure to get the Restored Content Mod. It's really necessary to have a good experience."
76561198073769657,Recommended,208580,17171281,"Posted: 22 July, 2015",all,drmorris79,Ten years old and still better than anything EA will fart out from their corporate butt hole.
,Recommended,208580,12850620,"Posted: 8 November, 2014",all,jericho,"""I don't know who you are, but you picked the wrong room to break into""""Yeah? Well, you picked the wrong room to die in"""
,Recommended,208580,12703446,"Posted: 30 October, 2014",all,R2L3372,"If you enjoyed the original, you will enjoy this.Gameplay is same ol, same ol, good or bad.Graphics are nice, scales nice.If you're gonna play, DO NOT FORGET TO DOWNLOAD THE RESTORED CONTENT MOD! It replaces all the lost scenes and quest arcs left out from the console port!>>http://www.moddb.com/mods/the-sith-lords-restored-content-mod-tslrcm/downloads/tslrcm-183<<8/10Only con is the usual KOTOR syndrome of vague quest lines. Random backtracking to finish a quest can get annoying"
,Recommended,208580,17162083,"Posted: 21 July, 2015",all,Traslogan,"Game officially gets over 10 years of support from devs.The feeling when devs might be jealous of the restoration mod.9/10, nice sequel, more stable, technically this is now an original-xbox game with achievements.Next stop, HD remakes please."
,Recommended,208580,12414777,"Posted: 8 October, 2014",all,alex.n.gregory,"""Perhaps you were expecting some surprise, for me to reveal a secret that had eluded you, something that would change your perspective of events, shatter you to your core. There is no great revelation, no great secret. There is only you.""That is the culmination of Obsidian's Knights of the Old Republic II, a game which flips the entire Star Wars universe on its head via deep character interactions and a unique spin on established aspects of the franchise.Make no mistake - the original release of KOTOR II was a flawed, incomplete mess. Not only was it missing a large chunk of its ending (notably, what happened to the player's squadmates when they landed on the final planet), but it was buggy and prone to all sorts of glitches. Yet, despite all that, the game still remains a classic of the RPG genre for how often it defies standard conventions and plays with the series' established tropes.You play the Exile, a former commander who committed a terrible sin to stop the Mandalorian Wars, and was exiled from the Jedi Order because of it. The game begins with the Exile waking up onboard the Peragus mining facility, alongside T3-M4 (a returning character from the first game) and an enigmatic woman named Kreia, who knows more than she lets on. Together with sprung prisoner (and ace pilot) Atton Rand, the quartet escapes the facility and discover that the Jedi have been driven to near-extinction. With the help of a cast of supporting squadmates, including a former Sith protegee named Visas, the fun-loving (well, as fun as a homicidal robot can be) assassin droid HK-47, a bounty hunter, the leader of the Mandalores and more, the Exile sets out to stop the Sith and rebuild the Jedi Order.The biggest difference between this and KOTOR I is how linear this game is. Not that it diminishes the plot at all, but there's a definite rhythm to the way you approach areas and plot situations. Whereas the original game's only real goal was to activate the four pillars to find out the location of the Star Forge before assaulting it, II has you either aiding or working against a planet's internal war, taking part in a trial to exonerate a wrongfully-accused civilian, taking apart a crime syndicate and more. The plot is a lot tighter and focused than its predecessor.The cast of characters is where the game really shines, though. Aside from Kreia (an enigmatic woman who stresses being neutral in all decisions), every character has some backstory that requires trust and increasing the ""Force Bond"" with them to access. I truly liked that you could upgrade various aspects of your teammates' abilities by either talking to them a lot or helping them with certain decisions.It's pretty much a given that if you're going to play KOTOR II, you need the Restored Content Mod. Not only does it restore the bulk of the ending which was scrapped by Obsidian in their rush to finish the game for a Christmas deadline, but it also fixes a lot of the bugs and underlying coding issues found throughout the game. I used it the first time I played the game, and I can't imagine going without it. In the same vein, the M4-78 Enhancement Project fills in an unfinished questline and gives some great upgrades to your droid party members, along with some awesome consequences later in the game - I was so pumped to see the droid army helping me during a later encounter.It's not all perfect, though. While the crafting system is very good (and has shades of Mass Effect, which came out three years later), it's far too easy to be stuck with a large amount of components and weapons that are unusable, and there's never any real need to upgrade your gear beyond a handful of weapons.Likewise, the ending (even with the Restored Content Mod) is a huge slog. There's a mid-mission quest with a robotic remote, which you are forced into, which is impossible to complete if you didn't clear out all the enemies from the map just prior to starting it. Likewise, the final fortress is a huge slog and is only passable through spamming Force powers or avoiding the majority of enemies.That said, KOTOR II is well worth your time and money. The way it turns many of the elements of the Star Wars universe on its head and keeps up the energy and characterization through its runtime is still near-unmatched in this day and age, and I heartily recommend that every RPG fan check this game out at least once."
,Recommended,208580,16166360,"Posted: 3 June, 2015",all,*IC* Smiledozer,"KOTOR II is one of those classic RPGs I can replay over and over. This sequel was released in 2004 and is still a great game and remains extremely playable today. Even though Bioware developed the first KOTOR, they ended up handing the job over to Obsidian who, as always, did a fantastic job with their work.The use of KOTOR II's Light Side/Dark Side system is a lot like the modern day systems of good/evil characters. When you as the  character does or says evil things then you grow more in tune with the dark side of the force. The contrast to this is of course, doing good deeds and saying not-so-evil stuff. This leads to the Light side of the force. In either case you will grow more powerful and influence those you travel with. This will also effect your force powers amongst many other things...The StoryThe single defining feature of KOTOR or KOTOR II is the story. Anyone who loves Star Wars must love a good mythos from the Star Wars world, especially one this early in the timeline of the Star Wars Universe.This sequel begins when a stranger, oblivious to his past, wakes up in a Mining Station medical bay, only to notice no one is around. No one...except a mysterious elderly woman. Journey to several planets and cause havok or create order. Kill the weak or defend them. All the while, you search for the power to make you a Master of the Force.Pros:- Great main storyline with various other mini-quests, all which act in canon with the Star Wars universe.- Open world that you would expect from an RPG- Choose what you say to someone carefully; You could end up in a fight or effect the story.- Choose light or dark side; Your actions will decide what you become.- Tons of lore from the Star Wars universe you can't find anywhere else!!Cons:- Graphics are from the first Xbox generation, but it still holds today.- Some of the voice overs for alien species are simply repeated recordings on loop.- Occasionally, a glitch or two might happen-RARELY, but sometimes there are game breaking bugs. There are only two that I know of, and one of them ruined my first game. This requires the double save slow technique.Verdict?-8.5/10This is my favorite Star Wars game hands down. Many people also recognize this particular game to be LucasArts' crowing achievement. Obsidian does a great job with the sequel to Bioware's KOTOR and does Star Wars in general great justice."
76561197998177676,Recommended,208580,1801250,"Posted: 15 July, 2013",all,Hassat Hunter,"Well, I liked this game so much I spend years working on a mod to fix issues with it that happened due to LucasArts rushing Obsidian. And again several to work on adding a cut planet (M4-78) with a lot of self-made content to make it a fully fleshed out planet matching the ones ingame. That should tell you enough. If not just know this is a ""must play"" RPG you can't miss...EDIT:Since it was unclear for some people which mod I talk about, TSLRCM. You can now get it from the Workshop!"
,Recommended,208580,14485265,"Posted: 15 February, 2015",all,N1NJ4_V4MP1R3,"A great idea for a main character, memorable teammates and a plot shrouded in mystery makes The Sith Lords one of my favourite games of all time.Some people may find the first section of the game quite linear, but the game only really begins once you leave Telos. Also, the wait for a lightsaber makes getting it all the better.Be sure to install the latest version of the Restored Content Mod, which adds in dialogue, scenes and missions that were cut from the official release. The mod also removes many of the games glitches."
,Recommended,208580,16124265,"Posted: 1 June, 2015",all,Wilfer88,"This is Star Wars free from George Lucas. He created the saga, and Obsidian show how to continue it, creating more stuff thats even better.I have played this game over 500 hours, I bought it on Steam just to have an easy way to install it. 4 cd to install it is a little annoying today.I can write long novels why I love this game, why I play it more than I play Kotor 1. But I will try to make this short.The Sith Lords has:- great characters with deep personalities- dark stories and setting- a deep lore thanks to Kotor 1 and Tales of the Jedi-comic- fantastic dialog with complex possibilities- an improved crafting-system (6 parts-lightsaber anyone?)- Influence-system with your compainons- make your own jedi or sith-team. Even good guys can be turned to the dark side.- Be a jedi, or turn to the dark side and be a Sith Lord. It really change alotPlaying through the game once? You have missed much, I promise you, I still learned new stuff on my fourth playthrough.Is the game perfect? No, its not. Its a slow start, it really is, and it was a rushed game, so bugs, it had alot of bugs on release, but nearly all is fixed today, and some things was left out, and not really a good ending, . But the way there, is so gooood. So much improved from Kotor 1, and so much content. Its a 30+ hour game.From me, a die hard Star Wars fan, and not too experienced with rpg, its a 10/10 points."
,Recommended,208580,17161866,"Posted: 21 July, 2015",all,SpaceNavy,"Pretty old game, but good lord is it one of the best games ever made. Hands down the best Star Wars game ever made (especially coupled with its prequel).This sudden and random support makes me think we could be getting a KOTOR 3 sometime in the future thanks to Disney. Fingers crossed.Oh yeah, 10/10 would play dozens of times again."
,Recommended,208580,14540061,"Posted: 18 February, 2015",all,IAmKnight,"""And do not mate with her. Whatever you may feel, whatever... urges consume you, do not let them control you. Such a union would breed... difficulties."" - Kreia""Just because I saved her doesn't mean I was going to charge up her loading ramp."" - Me10/10."
,Recommended,208580,9304282,"Posted: 1 March, 2014",all,William Blake,"If you like Star Wars, you love the lore behind the Force, and you love the Jedi, then you'll probably hate this game. Why? Because the idea behind KOTOR 2 is to take all of the black and white in Star Wars, then break it down so you see past the blinded Jedi council and ambitious Sith. It's not your standard Star Wars movie.The game turns Lucas' pure good/pure evil fantasy into moral playground that makes you question the very existence of the Force and the people who use it. That being said, though, this is an absolutely fantastic game for any cRPG/WRPG fan. It sticks by the standard D&D rules, just like the first game, but adds more feats, force powers, and items. However, after a certain point, the game gets extremely easy, especially if you have half an idea of what you're doing.Unlike the first game, it doesn't have a major twist (the biggest twist is a backstory for one of your companions), but instead slowly provides hints to the major plot. The game's setting is pretty dark, too. The universe is in disarray, and really feels like it. Settlements are run down, there's ruins on places that were bright in the previous game, and the Jedi order is nearly extinct. However, along the journey you run into several party members with interesting personalities and troublesome backstories. If you were expect any form of romance, it's not here. There's subtle hints, but no official romance options (which I really enjoy). That said, I suggest playing as a male simply due to the fact you get Handmaiden, who is a far more interesting character than the Disciple.Overall the story and setting make a very immersive game that will keep your attention, as long as you can force your way through the first two planets. The combat starts off fairly difficult, but becomes a breeze once you get going, then turns into EZ mode. Your companions are great, some of the best if all of video game history, in my opnion, and their voice actors deliver top notch lines that you will remember for years to come.Is it better than KOTOR 1? In my opinion? Yes. In your opinion? I don't know, play the game, dummy. (just kidding, i don't mean any offense at all, but you should form your own opnions instead of jumping a bandwagon)apathyisdeath/10P.S. Look into the Restored Content Mod to not only fix a lot of old bugs, but get access to a TON of content that was cut from the original game. Also, if you use a widescreen monitor, look online for a widescreen fix. It's pretty easy to do."
,Recommended,208580,32235622,Posted: 7 June,all,corycapehart188,"An excellent RPG with a great story, excellent sound design, and awesome environments.The first question you may ask yourself is this: Did Star Wars: KOTOR II age well? The answer is a resounding YES across the board. Although the graphics have aged a bit, the combat is still extremely solid (even if it's a bit rugged around the edges), the sound design is still awesome, the combat feels visceral and the weapons feel like they have weight to them. Definitely a must play for anyone that loves Star Wars and RPG's."
76561198006462159,Recommended,208580,13306094,"Posted: 10 December, 2014",all,LastSamurai,"One of the best RPG's i ever played. Probably even better than the first game.Great story and characthers, amazing soundtrack and addicting gameplay. I beat this game every year at least once and it never gets borring. Just be sure to download the ""Sith Lord Restored Conent"" mod - DON'T PLAY WITHOUT IT!So sad to see that Bioware destroyed this franchise by making the crappy MMORPG. I really hope that one day we will see KOTOR III, by Bioware or Obsidian... Till then, may the force be with you!"
,Recommended,208580,13178348,"Posted: 1 December, 2014",all,LewnaJa,"""'Love' is making a shot to the knees of a target 120 kilometres away using an Aratech sniper rifle with a tri-light scope.""HK-47Edit: After we all thought this game was dead in the eyes of developers, 10 years later, Kotor 2 just got HD res support, works on other platforms, has steam achievements, cloud saves, WORKSHOP, and oh my god, you can actually use soft shadows now without editing the .ini.WHAT THE ♥♥♥♥ ARE YOU WAITING FOR?"
,Recommended,208580,19005635,"Posted: 10 November, 2015",all,facedancer,"Quick story recap: a long time ago, in 2003, prior to KOTOR release, LuasArts already wanted a sequel, but Bioware was unavailable at the moment and offered Obsidian instead. Then two things happened: 1. LA were greedy and patientless enough to demand the game be done by Christmas 2004; and 2. Obsidian were optimistic/desperate enough to agree to these terms without even seeing the first game. The end result was a glitchy half-cut but potentially great game.I used to hate it and left after ~5-8 hours into the first playthrough. It seemed boring and I got stuck on the very first planet… but then it got a new life on Steam, with high-res support, achievements, and the Cut Content mod already on Workshops. And I loved it. KOTOR 2 is worthy of the first game, adding a little more ambiguity to the classic light/dark dichotomy, and offering more action and independence to playable characters than the first game. The Exile story is probably not so personally dramatic as the one of the first game, but it's just different and delivers no less."
,Recommended,208580,18654665,"Posted: 24 October, 2015",all,Salty Psycho,buy it you meatbags
76561198030788488,Recommended,208580,12983608,"Posted: 17 November, 2014",all,Cracktus Jack,"Star Wars | Knights of the Old Republic II: The Sith Lords...is a Sci-Fi Adventure RPG. As the Republic lies in shambles five years after the Jedi Civil War, a former Jedi who lost his connection to the force is pursued by a trio of dark Jedi masters who roam the galaxy, seeking its destruction.⚠DescriptionGame mechanics are the same asStar Wars | Knights of the Old Republic, except you pick right away from one of three Jedi classes, and later upgrade to brand new Jedi Master classes. You then get experience points from battle and quests, level up your character and companions, add points to various attributes, picking skills, feats and Jedi Powers. Combat is turned-based, and attacking, dodging and damage points are determined by dice rolls and various bonuses from your gear.The story throws you in a mining base without any idea of recent events or how you got there. As a brand new character, knowledge of the first game isn't required, and is actually barely complimentary to playing this one, save for a few easter eggs and name drops. Once again, dialog choices will determine your relationship with your crewmates and how much influence you'll have over them.After completing the first two locations, the rest of the galaxy will open additional locations to explore in the order you'll want. Level design is a linear branching out, each location branches out into a couple of direction, allowing you to go back and forth, backtrack to earlier parts, and give enough freedom of movement as to not feel as restrictive. As you advanced further into the story, some location will unlock, others will cease to be available.☺ProsYou play in a much grimmer adventure with many shades of gray. Aligning yourself with the light side of the force may cause death and suffering to others, while other times the dark side of the force will save innocent lives, and you get to see the consequences of your actions, forcing you into a moral struggle to determine the right thing to do. Your choices influence your entourage of companions, who will tend to lean in the direction you lean, your balance of the light and dark sides of the force will reflect upon them and their own connection to the force.This time, you get to develop your companions a bit more. Not just in terms of a back story or side quest, but eventually taking them under your wing and choosing to train them as a new generation of Jedi based on your own light, dark or gray philosophy, the result of which you'll learn in the multiple endings the game has for you.You get more equipment variety, including Jedi-specific armors (instead of being limited to cloth robes). In addition to being able to upgrade your pistols, melee weapons and suits with plug-in components, crafting has also been enhanced, adding among other things the ability to disassemble existing items into parts and chemicals, creating stimpaks, grenades and other items as needed.☹ConsAlthough the game got an upgrade to give it up-to-date resolution, the graphics are still outdated with 3D objects and character models being very rigid and polygony, while looping animations for poses and character interactions have had no improvement over the previous game. Cut scenes are no better either, and to an extent might as well have been done using the in-game engine.While the game seems to avoid referencing too much of the previous game, it seems to expect you to have played it enough as your character creation starts right away as a Jedi class with Jedi Powers, forcing important decisions very early in game for new players to the franchise. The learning curve here almost requires you to go through the first game, even if it's barely plot-relevant when it comes to the story.It's a known fact that the game has multiple bugs due to problems in the development, making the story somewhat hard to follow: A cut scene might pop in but the playthrough that lead to that scene was missing, or maybe you were in your ship flying to a destination and the game suddenly jump to your cockpit with your ship having landed on an unknown planet you’re unsure how you got there.Verdict: ★★★★☆ -""Next on your list!""A much more layered story using the same game mechanics as the previous game, this is a win in my book! The bugs aren’t game breaking, easily fixed with cut content restored with theRestored Content Modfrom the Steam Workshop. Of course, if you didn’t enjoy playing the first game, you'll probably feel the same about this one. Otherwise, I definitely recommend it!—————————————————————————This was just my opinion.If you found this review helpful, please consider giving it a thumbs up, and feel free to check out more of my (purely opinionated)reviews."
76561198041548847,Recommended,208580,7746283,"Posted: 25 November, 2013",all,Mr. Chocolate Salmon,"After the huge innovation of Star Wars: Knights of the Old Republic, KOTOR2 had high expectations. It introduced advanced upgrading; a more fleshed out and expanded story; more force abilities and early game choices/customisations; and allies that you could get to know, gain influence with, and overal interact with, with much more depth.From the get go, you're flung into a mystery as you find your character recovering from being held within an abandoned mining facility. I won't spoil the story for you, but I will say that it it never gives in - also raising new questions, and spawning many branches which act not only as side missions, but also to add more detail to the main story.In KOTOR2, you start the game as a jedi, as opposed to becoming one later in the game. There are more force options, and more feats that make each of the 3 classes really distinct. This, combined with the game's element of choice, and a light/darkside meter, you will find it is a unique experience for each player.So, for those who enjoyed the original KOTOR, this game will serve as both an extension to the story, and the means to get back into this amazing experience.For new players, however, this game will still be blast to play. It features an easy to understand character creator, and a solid tutorial in the beginning. I would recommend playing the original KOTOR first though, to really understand both the gameplay; and more importantly, the story.Kotor 2 is a fantastic game, and one played through many times. Each experience is unique, and the characters and story are really engaging.*Also, on a side note. I recommend a mod called 'The Restored Content Mod', which will increase the amount of content in the game, as well as adding some 'lost' content that wasn't in the original game. It also fixes a bunch of bugs that really plague this game, due to it being released premature."
,Recommended,208580,32031806,Posted: 28 May,all,TheStarWarsGuru,"An AMAZING game just as KOTOR is, it has alot of depth, action and content!However the Restored content mod is a must as it improves on content as alot was cut from the original release. (plus it can be found on the steam workshop!)Overall a really fun and immersive game, it may be old but its gold! And as gold ages increases in value, so do KOTOR and KOTOR 2!50/10 would buy and replay again!"
,Recommended,208580,28146012,"Posted: 2 December, 2016",all,GodEmperorTrump,"This is the true Masterpiece Star Wars game.Yes, Bioware's first game is fantastic and fun, but if you look at it closely it's basically a retelling of the original trilogy and is a bit one-dimensional in terms of characterization and plot writing. You fight against the big bad empire and find a way to stop their super-weapon(factory) and discover a massive plot twist truth, and it's pretty much polar opposite paths of pure good and pure evil, with almost nothing in between. Plus, the dialogue can be really cornyFor the sequel, however, the gods of writing known as Obsidian were given the power to bring their epic writing ability into Star Wars and thus came one of the best RPGs known to man, and one of the best stories Star Wars has to offer, where the story really comes to life through character interaction and brilliant lines that chill you. A lot of what you learn comes through dialogue in this game, so be prepared to listen and respondNow, you may be saying: ""But it has bugs and is incomplete!"" That's because LucasArts got greedy and gave them a year to do this game instead of the three years that Bioware had for the first, it's amazing they managed to create this much material. I highly recommend getting the Restored Content Mod here which does its best to re-create what Obsidian had tried to do with this game -->http://deadlystream.com/forum/files/file/578-tsl-restored-content-mod/So why am I saying this game is so good? Well, here are my reasons:1. It has one of the deepest and most moving plots of any story, and changes your perceptions of the Star Wars universe. The Jedi are not painted as the god-like saviors and the Sith are not necessarily entirely evil. In fact, the game almost presents the point of view of an outsider (well, an exile of the Jedi) and you can experience the consequences of the constant conflict between the light and the dark. The entire plot is trying to find a way to stop the sith, but you have no help, and you just got back into the galaxy and just re-discovered your force connection. As you progress, you discover just what has happened to the galaxy, how bad the situation is, why you were exiled in the first place, and get to make some very tough calls. Unlike the first game, there are no real bomb-shell plot twists that come out of left field, rather a setting of interesting minor twists that make sense, but feel no less impactful (the jedi council scene on dantooine, for instance)2. It has some of the best written characters ever witnessed. Case and Point, Kreia, who's practically your twisted female Yoda who lies to you so you do her bidding, but mixes her lies with truths as she shapes your view of the world. She also has some very interesting viewpoints on the Jedi Civil War, and provides context to why the war happened in the first place and why Revan (the main character of the first game) did what he/she did. Other characters also have their own flaws and positive traits, each being actual living individuals, whereas in the first game it was clear that most party members were just a character embodying one viewpoint only (light, dark, comedy). And those brought back from the first game are given even more of a shining light and a deeper backstory so that they become real people. (HK-47, for example, is even more epic)3. Your choices matter - No, really, they do. Granted, the endings don't play out that differently, but you see the consequences of your actions throughout the game (especially with TSLRCM), and particularly with those you travel with. The way you act changes your followers, and the way they respond to you likewise does so. Again, particularly with the restored content mod, you can witness how your choices play out, and experience the difference in how others react to you (People also note that if you're evil your face looks awful, which nobody notices in KOTOR 1)4. It feels grounded to reality - It's not just cowboys and spaceships, you actually witness good political drama too in this game. Here, you deal with real people and their problems, not just a grandma needing to get across the street. You also have to struggle with what is good and what is evil, and often times the lines are blurred, particularly when it comes to choosing sides. On Nar Shaddaa, you might feel inclined to help the hapless refugees, but it might cause more harm than good because there is no system to replace the caste they are in. Oh, and by the way, common citizens blame the Jedi for the war, both the sith and the Jedi. In fact, they think they are both Jedi, since they don't actually know what's going on.These are the ones I have off the top of my head, but look around and you'll find more reasons. This isn't some epic good vs evil game like the first or Mass Effect, so don't go expecting it. Instead, look for a deep narrative that tells a complex story that has a journey that matters more than the destination. There are definite flaws, since the game was rushed out the door by a poor production committee, but if you overlook those flaws, then you'll notice just how brilliant this game is. Truly, I wish that Star Wars resembled what Obisidan came up with more, but unfortunately we won't see that in Disney canon. However, if you want a taste of Star Wars for big boys, come check this out."
,Recommended,208580,17550047,"Posted: 15 August, 2015",all,GuardianOfDeath/Johnny Fisto,"If you're uptight about graphics go away. It's old but it's amazing.I owned SWKOTOR 1 before I even knew steam existed. I loved it. When I saw SWKOTOR 2 years ago on steam I bought it so quick I didnt care at all the price.I honestly believe it was very well worth it. Now that it has steam workshop enabled I'd imagine it'll shine a bit more. But I'd gladly replay multiple time. I've heard it was riddled with bugs by some people but when I played it wasn't that bad at all. Honestly no matter what anyone says good or bad get the game anyway it's well worth it. There is a mod to change many things and make it how the developers wanted it to be however which I find amazing. I love RPG's and this one is by far one of my favorites. Even without any mods I rather enjoy it greatly. Although  I heard the restored content mod is extremely worth it and makes this game 100x better. I personally havent tried it yet due to issues on my part but I'll work them out after I beat the game for the 12th time. Number 11 so far c: I love everything about the game.Finish reading this review clearly means you have not purchased it yet and started playing. Go, now. Unless you did in which case... Think about force stuff! I rate 20 / 10 I would bang so many things out of this game. I would recommend this game infinitely. My wife will also kill me for wanting to bang this game harder than her. But I'm sure she will think the same after tasting this game.TL;DR Just buy it now. It's beyond great."
,Recommended,208580,31142324,Posted: 14 April,all,Khalid ibn al-Invalid,It's just sad that such an ambitious project didn't reach its full potential. It could have been one of the best role-playing games ever if Obsidian had an extra year or two to work on it. But it's still beautiful.
,Recommended,208580,16980953,"Posted: 10 July, 2015",all,Diamond Arcana,"""Guys, what if Star Wars was deep?""""Nah, we couldn't do that.""""Could we?""""♥♥♥♥ it.""And here we are.It was a good game."
,Recommended,208580,8035779,"Posted: 13 December, 2013",all,AngZt,"KotOR 2, despite being chronically unfinished, is probably the best Star Wars RPG out there and here's why:The story and especially the writing are absolutely phenomenal. The guys at Obsidian have managed to create a game that feels like Star Wars without any of the clichés associated with it. Where the first installment had a whiny Han Solo, a force using Leia and Chewie as carbon copies of their originals, this game puts multiple twists on most stereotypical Star Wars characters, fleshing them out so much more. Hell, even though all a certain Astromech droid ""says"" is random beeps, you know exactly what he wants to tell you, without anyone going ""What's that, Lassie? There's  boy trapped in the well?"". It's just that amazing.On top of it all the game features the best wirtten female character in any video game ever, but it's hard to praise the writing without spoiling the story, so I might as well stop now. Just so much: The game covers a multitude of philosophical questions, especially when reading between the lines, so you should be prepared to think while playing.The graphics are dated, RTwP combat with DnD rules isn't everyone's thing but the same thing can be said for Planescape:Torment and it still is widely regarded as a (the?) classic RPG.Things of note if you have played the predecessor:While the graphics, animations and UI have remained pretty much on the same level when compared to KotOR 1, the characters' build diversity has been greatly increased, making things like a gun wielding Jedi viable options.The combat itself hasn't changed much, except for a few extra skills and powers or new enemies, of course.Loot is now randomly distributed and modding items as well as crafting them have been greatly expanded.The story itself covers quite a few events that happened before KoTOR 1, although the game itself is set later. Due to this, I'd recommend playing the predecessor first (especially since its big twist would otherwise be spoilered). Otherwise, you might get lost, concerning the order in which things happened.As so many others have already stated, the game's main issue is the fact that it's unfinished and unpolished but this can largely be fixed by downloading and installing the TSLRCM, a brilliant modification which restores a lot of cut content to the game, such as the great droid factory. Also, while the game now has widescreen support, I'd still recommend the Widescreen Fix mod to un-stretch the UI."
76561198207467061,Recommended,208580,22493080,"Posted: 17 April, 2016",all,cheatingplayer,"This game in my opinion is the best single player star wars game out there, but be warned you will never see the sunlight again, your nails will grow long and yellow, and your teeth will rot. But hey whatever, it's not like you'll be talking or seeing anyone when you're playing this and those long nails will only help reach the keyboard easier. XD(When you have downloaded the game make sure you stop by the workshop and get the restore content mod, it restores missing dialogue, and whole bunch of other things that you NEED.)P.S.Just get the damn game and stop reading this"
,Recommended,208580,19108827,"Posted: 15 November, 2015",all,DukeoftheAges,Better than all the movies combined.
,Recommended,208580,9723891,"Posted: 4 April, 2014",all,AmazingOlive,"Knights of the Old Republic II is one of my faveorite games. I've never had a computer without it installed since the day I originally bought it in 2006. The story is extremly unique to Star Wars, and feels almost more fantasy than sci-fi. The writing is top notch, and shines brightest in the character of Kreia.However the game as available for purchase, is incomplete, with a complete planet, entire questlines, and flesh-out ending, absent from the proceedings. In order to fully enjoy the game I highly recommend downloading TSLRCM and M4-78EP, available atdeadlystream.com. These two mods(+ a few additional addons) complete what Obsidian was unable too, transforming TSL from a broken game into a masterpiece.Do buy this game, and do get TSLRCM/M4-78EP."
76561198017655277,Recommended,208580,28415196,"Posted: 16 December, 2016",all,Sunfanel,"Absolute first and foremost: the first thing you have to do when you want to play this game is go download the mod called The Sith Lords: Restored Content Mod (TSLRCM in short) WITHOUT the M4-78 extension. Trust me.The review: this game is no doubt one of the greatest achievements in the history of intellectual products and will go down in history of videogames defiantly standing as the testament that games are a perfectly viable medium for writers to deliver complex and compelling stories.While not free of flaws, the story, writing, pacing, character development are masterfully weaved together to form one of the best, if not THE absolute best RPG the gaming world has to offer."
,Recommended,208580,13564236,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,happyvista,"This game was literally the reason I downloaded Steam. I had been looking to replay this game from my childhood for years, and when my friend showed me it was on Steam, I didn't hesistate to download and buy it. The nostalgia factor was and continues to be unreal. The above gametime does not account for the hundreds of hours poured into KOTOR 2. Also, considering the mods that are now available for this game, there are potentially hundreds of more hours to be spend in this fantastic game.10/10 Revan is love, Revan is life."
,Recommended,208580,13978264,"Posted: 13 January, 2015",all,icyjiub,"So damn good, Bioware's writers had to retcon it because they'd never be able to follow up to it.Apathy is death."
76561198132572518,Recommended,208580,12917433,"Posted: 12 November, 2014",all,Gammahooch 13,"This series of games are my favorite and I have to say I am probably going to add about 500 hours of gameplay to this game. Also if you see the TSLCRM-The Sith Lords Content Restoration Mod, get it because it adds more story to this game and makes it a lot better.  It is bad that as soon as I saw that Steam had this game, I ran to the closest place that sold Steam Cards and grab a $20 and bought this game as soon as I could. That is how much respect I have for this game it may be around 10 years old, I would rather buy this game then some of the new games coming out."
,Recommended,208580,18907649,"Posted: 6 November, 2015",all,Black of the Bus,Had to uninstall before it ruined my degreeFar better than Kotor 1 which is a classic
,Recommended,208580,23777407,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,Nectromite,"Atton: ""Find the emergency supplies""Exile (Female) ""It looks like there are some clothes in here""Atton: ""Dammit. Uh I mean good, good to hear""Was it worth the 183 hours? yes, yes it was. Buy this masterpiece!!"
76561198015984066,Recommended,208580,8202386,"Posted: 22 December, 2013",all,Bartokriash,"Recommendation: Meatbags like you will usually buy this game and look down upon it for not being fully finished. Maybe if you squishy humans would just download some restored content moderations to the game, it could be even better than the first one. It was for me."
,Recommended,208580,18268285,"Posted: 30 September, 2015",all,Landsvoort,"Ignore my playtime.I first bought this game about 7 years ago when the 4 CD box could still be found and was pretty common, and since then I have finished this game 8 times, totaling an average of about 30 hours per gameplay.So yes, this is my 9th time playing this game and I am at more or les 250 hours, and even now after having played The Witcher, Mass Effect series, Fable, Dungeon Siege, TES IV Oblivion, TES V Skyrim, this game is by far the best game I've played in my 25 years of existence.Yes, hands down just like that.This is the best game I have ever played in my life and nothing will ever match the feelings this game has given me, and I think we will never witness a masterpiece such as this one."
,Recommended,208580,17224247,"Posted: 25 July, 2015",all,[ŁßõĢ] Dark,"If you haven't played this game then I don't know what you're doing with your life. If you like Star Wars and RPGs this is most definitely the game for you.A classic and now 10 years later receiving an update with 5K Resolution support, controller support, achievements, steam workshop support.What more could you want??Kotor 3 is what we want dammit!10/10"
76561198012601630,Recommended,208580,32664347,Posted: 22 June,all,Jackalump,"This is better than the first KOTOR, with the mod of course. The storyline is better; it's characters are more complex and it challenges your morals. There are also more items."
,Recommended,208580,34158330,Posted: 10 August,all,UberDoogee,"TL;DR:  Very well written game that makes you think and challenges your perceptions. Mechanics and visuals are a little clunky and dated, but the story and writing are still totally worth it. Get the restored content mod.Oh boy, here we go. KotOR II is probably my favorite game of all time. Boom. There it is. Mechanically and visually speaking, this game has not aged very well. The character models aren't great, the animations are pretty ugly, the environments are samey and a little boring, and the combat is at best pretty alright and at worst totally annoying. Coming into this game from a more modern RPG will take some getting used to.  Now, if you've played the first KotOR, know that the mechanics here are just straight-up an improvement on that game in every way. More options, more party members, more interesting weapons, more feats, force powers, prestige classes, etc.  So that's all the negatives, and a brief comparison to what came before, now let's get into why this game is my favorite.  I'm going to try to avoid specific plot-related spoilers, but I do recommend going into this game knowing as little about it as possible.KotOR II makes you think.  It gets into your head and makes you ponder your pre-conceived notions of the Star Wars universe and our own universe as well.  I have never seen any other Star Wars-branded media go so deeply into what the Force is, how it works, what it feels like, and why it may not be entirely benevolent. And even though ""WAR"" is in the title of the darn thing, I've never had a Star Wars movie really make me think about real-world war as much as this game has. As much as I love Star Wars, its movies and games and novels and whatnot tend to be a little shallow.  That's fine, nothing wrong with that, it started as a fun fantastical sci-fi blockbuster, who says it has to be a deep discussion on war and its effects on the people involved?  Nobody probably.  Nevertheless, here we have this game.  Anyway, as you make your way through this game, going from planet to planet on your mission, you encounter NPCs and party members along the way.  These people have all been affected by the titular Wars of the game: the Mandalorian War and the Jedi Civil War, galaxy-spanning conflicts that touched every world from the core to the rim, and changed these people.You'll encounter soldiers from all sides, veterans, mercenaries, widows, orphans, profiteers, relief workers, tyrants, and monsters.  Through interacting with these people, and hearing their side of the bloody story, you'll get a living, breathing picture of what such a large-scale war would look like.  And all of this I'm saying now I only picked up on in my most recent playthrough.  Every time I go through this game, I get something different.  And that's not because there are a huge ton of choices to make (there are a decent amount, and they change a bit of what happens, not the best I've seen, but better than some), but because the writing is so damn DENSE and has so much to say.  Your party members in this title may not be as immediately likable as other titles, like KotOR I or the Mass Effect series, but they are deep, realistic, and have experiences outside the player character.  They are probably some of the best written characters in a game like this that I've ever played. They have a lot to say about philosophy, and each one will give you different insight into how the world (theirs AND ours) works.This game won't be for everyone, and I'm perfectly aware of that.  If you're looking for a game that will make you think, and don't mind listening to a TON of wonderfully written dialogue, pick this one up.Oh, and definitely, DEFINITELY play with the Restored Content Mod. It should be in the workshop, it fixes a lot of bugs and restores a lot of good content that got cut in this game's rough release."
,Recommended,208580,17603245,"Posted: 18 August, 2015",all,Crowzer,How did I missed this game these last 10 years ?
,Recommended,208580,19143649,"Posted: 18 November, 2015",all,Bordje |-/,"TLDR VERDICTKOTOR 2 is a very worthy successor to the high bar set by the original game. They kept the general gameplay and presentation true the original and put their own unique spin on the story. Many people argue it is actually a superior game to the original. Overall, a rough, buggy and now dated, but still very entertaining game well worth the asking price if you’re a fan of the original or fan of Star Wars in general.FULL REVIEW BELOW“Take the greatest Jedi Knight, strip away the Force, and what remains? They rely on it, depend on it, more than they know. Watch as one tries to hold a blaster, as they try to hold a lightsaber, and you will see nothing more than a woman – or a man. A child.” - KreiaFive years after the events of KOTOR, the galaxy is recovering from the events from the Jedi Civil War. Both the Jedi and Sith have now fallen silent. You have been exiled from the Jedi Order as punishment for following Revan into war against the Mandolorians. You have also been completely cut off from the Force, but was this a part of your punishment, or the result of something much worse?This review is written from a huge Star Wars fan and a fan of story driven RPGs in general.GAMEPLAY AND DESIGNIn terms of general gameplay and structure, KOTOR 2 is designed very similarly to the first game. It features the same turn-based D20 based combat system and character building as the first game and other old-school RPGs. This can be a quite daunting system to learn for those unfamiliar with these types of games, but fortunately the lower difficulty settings are forgiving enough for those without the patience or time to learn it. Combat is important, but arguably not as much as the stat and skill point distribution. Making sure you have characters with the appropriate skills determines being able to deal with obstacles in the world, conversation checks and crafting. The game does feature an automatic leveling up system which will do the leveling for you, which is fine in the late game after you have all the skills you need, but it may be worth doing some research in the early game for leveling up. The companions are all reasonably balanced and they level up with you, meaning that you can take anyone anywhere (at least from a gameplay perspective).The game isn’t entirely open world by any means. It’s similar to KOTOR and Dragon Age: Origins, in the sense that you travel between several fairly small focused areas rather than one continuous land mass. The areas are either mostly linear action packed levels or slower paced story driven quest hub areas. Crafting is important system to pay attention to as you can craft item modifications to create weapons more powerful than the ones you find. This is a fairly simple system that involves breaking down items you don’t need for materials, but it’s just a case of knowing what the stats actually mean. Of course, on lower difficulties you can get away with not paying much attention to gear and stats and still just about get by spamming the same attacks. You won’t find it very challenging, but more than adequate for just seeing the story (which in my opinion, is the main draw of the game).STORY AND NARRATIVEIt’s never easy to develop a follow up on such a beloved game from a different developer, but Obsidian certainly delivered on delivering a sequel that is true to the original and yet unique in its own way. KOTORs story felt very much like a grand space adventure and it captured everything that the classic Star Wars story should be. KOTOR 2 differs from this slightly. It tells a more subtle story with a focus on different themes. In stark contrast to KOTORs overt villains, KOTOR 2s threat is a lot more sinister. The battles with the Sith are fought in the shadows and the themes are a lot darker. An example of the darker tone is a reoccurring idea in the game that to the galaxy’s Average Joe, Jedi and Sith are indistinguishable. They just people with too much power fighting over religion and getting everyone else caught in the middle. This is a really unique and interesting idea and caught me completely off guard. Another good theme was the idea of the absence of the Force and the advantages it has aside from the obvious disadvantages.The conversation system is identical to KOTOR, with the standard light and dark alignment options and the opportunities to use skills (if you have the stats) in certain special situations. In my opinion, morality is much more interesting in KOTOR 2 than in the first one. Picking light or dark and sticking to it not only changes the ending, but the entire game. It shifts your characters goals for the whole game and also effects the gameplay. Dark and light side powers become easier/harder (but not impossible) to do if you are the opposite morality and it can result in some rather large deviations on the story line during some quests. It also affects your companions and over time you can even begin to influence their morality (e.g. enlightenment vs corruption). Overall, I’d say the game changes enough to warrant multiple playthroughs with different morality choices.On the topic of companions, you can expect yet another colourful crew of heroes, villains, droids and miscreants. They are very varied from the original games selection, but just as interesting and unique. Gameplay wise, they still have classes that need to have their stats properly assigned and equipped with the right gear. However, pretty much any configuration of companions is viable to take anywhere, which is good for the story. It makes it feel like you travel with ALL of your companions rather than just bringing your favourites and leaving everyone else on the ship. Your actions also influence your companions, resulting in them liking or disliking you more depending on how you act. Having them like you opens up more story and has gameplay benefits I can’t elaborate on without light spoilers.A quick note on voice acting: personally I found a particular companions voice actor laughably bad (look out for the one-armed Iridonian), but he’s really the only one that stands out. The rest of the game is mostly either passable or excellent.GAMEPLAY AND PERFORMANCEAs is customary with Obsidian games, they are often not given enough time for playtesting and optimisation leaving them somewhat lacking in the performance department. I expect you won’t encounter many problems these days however, as unsurprisingly an 11 year old game runs at 60fps 100% of time and doesn’t look half bad for its age. I did get a crash or two here and there and more than a fair share of bugs, but fortunately nothing game breaking or huge. I didn’t run into any compatibility problems either (running Windows 8.1).Funnily enough, the game actually got a patch recently that fixed a lot of problems, added controller support, support for higher resolutions and some other fixes. The biggest change was the addition was the addition of Steam Workshop for the game, which allows the seamless installation of some mods that restores a whole bunch of content that was cut from the game. Look up The Sith Lords Restored Content mod if you get the game, but it should be the highest rated anyway."
,Recommended,208580,8180112,"Posted: 21 December, 2013",all,Absolute Boy,"With the Sith Lords Restored Content Mod in hand, this game becomes more complete than the original ever was. The original game was released far to early, even after Obsidian was promised an extra half year they were forced by LucasArts to ship the game before eveything was properly put into the game. However, most of this content was still left in the code. Brilliantly all the dialogue, cutscenes, levels and interactions that never made it further than code were debugged and added into the game with TSLRCM adding hours upon hours of new content.The dialogue choices will make your mouth water. The difference between Bioware and Obsidian dialogue philosophies is this: Bioware believes in the three choices, good, neutral and bad. Obsidian believes in letting you choose many shades of gray, some obvious evil choices but no obvious good; you decide who your character becomes. The depth within your choices really lets you make your character who you want her or him to be.The characters are incredible. Lines of dialouge are restored giving them so much depth. Your least favorite character within the game might have dozens of new lines restored making him or her your favorite. The crappy romance options have been restored, fleshed out. Obsidian really shows their strong character writing within this game, each character is intresting, and they all have secrets to tell you... so long as you dedicate yourself to talking with them and earning their favor. As you make choices they will approve of you more or less, so be careful for everything has concequences.The combat is the same as it always is. The addition to lightsaber styles and tweaks makes the game more enjoyable than the first, but that is to be expected.But be warned: this game is kind of hard to get running on Windows Vista/7/8. Really the only flaw of the game is that its one of the few that doesnt run on modern versions of windows all that well. If you can get this game running I guarnete if you download the mod you'll enjoy this more than the first however."
,Recommended,208580,25505259,"Posted: 14 September, 2016",all,AuthorReborn,"You know, this game catches a lot of flack in comparison to the first KOTOR, which is widely heralded as a masterpiece of gaming. Flack which is well deserved, yet easily rectified. The main quarrel most gamers hold to this particular game is that IT WASN'T RELEASED IN THE FULL AND COMPLETE FORM AND THAT THE STORY DOESN'T MAKE SENSE.While there is some merit to this claim, you truly need to gaze deeper to fully understand this game. The game was fully intended to be just as perfect as its predecessor. However, Obsidian, the company in charge of the project was forced to play their hand before they were ready to release. The result was a patchwork project that can make a coherent game, and one that stands alone as one of my all time favorites. Was the game released in a complete form? Hell no. Can this be fixed? Now we're talking.You see, others feel the same way as I do about this game. It *is* an excellent game and all it needs is a bit of dedication and elbow grease to get it to shine. A determined group of modders recovered files that were scraped from the final release of the game and constructed a mod that fitted these files into the game. Lost items, recorded dialogue, and even an entire planet were restored and reborn through the crucible of modding. This mod is compatible with the Steam version of this game and I highly recommend you install it(http://deadlystream.com/forum/files/file/398-tslrcm-183/), as well as the sister mod which restores the droid planet M4-78(http://deadlystream.com/forum/files/file/399-m4-78ep-patched/). Outside of these two mods, there are multiple others I recommend you try as they improve the overall game experience. The mods are now available through the Steam workshop, but I'll just leave these links here anyway.But about the game itself, unmodded, and purchased from Steam without the addition of a single modification. This game is spectacular. Don't let my measly hours of play depicted by Steam deceive you, I played this game extensively on the original X-Box when the game first came out and I still have the disk to this day (although, admittedly, it is a bit worse for the wear at this point). Despite the cries and whines of the gaming community, this game is entirely playable without the restoration of lost elements. It simply takes a bit of digging into the story. On the XBOX version and as a child, I was able to understand the entirety of the story of the game quite easily. You might have to play through multiple times and see each conversation from a different angle, but you can do it. It's not the jagged mess many make it out to be. Inferences and an active imagination may be required to fill the gaps, however. Get ready to think and make connections between different characters and events. Just use your noggin and you'll be fine.Here's where I believe the true root of the problem is: people approach this game thinking that it will be a fun little game they can just jaunt through casually and there will be an exciting adventure story to accompany it. Spoilers: it's not. This game is exponentially darker than the original KOTOR, heck, three of the planets you explore are inhabited only by corpses by the time you arrive. This game was intended to have you question your morals, in fact, there are some parts where no matter which choice you make, dark or light, you are doing something terrible. It was intended to bring to light that in a conflict, there is no middle ground to take, but rather, by doing nothing you hurt one side and allow the other to  gain a leg up and by doing something, no matter the action, the end result is the same. You are full of all the powers of the Force, and yet, you are powerless. And when you can finally change the outcomes of events, the freedom is glorious and all the more worthwhile.Well, that was the intent, anyway.Portions on missing, so patches of this beautiful quilt of morality are missing. But the game is still superb and well worth every hour I've logged. Go ahead, buy it, play with an open mind, mod it, and explore. And may the Force be with you.(This was a review that I wrote a while ago that I deleted and reposted so that more people could view it with ease.)"
,Recommended,208580,8331346,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,CitizenErased,"Here's another incredibly long recommendation from me :DThis game isn't just one of my favorite games of all time - It's also one of the best RPGs I've played and also the first western RPG I've laid eyes on. Lastly, I find it to be much, much, much, muuuch better than the original Knights of the Old Republic from BioWare. It takes the gameplay mechanics of its predecessor and improves upon them to a greater extent. There's no ridiculous level cap from the first game anymore either. Much more open freedom to build your character with the introduction of the Advanced Classes.Lastly, the writing, story and characters are well-rounded and not drenched up in clichés like the first game. Knights of the Old Republic 2 throws the whole Light vs Dark concept into a bin and then dump it on the dark side of the moon.In retrospect - The game basically views the Jedi & Sith from a broader perspective and then concludes ""Hey, maybe they aren't so different after all"". They both wear morning gowns for a living and carry wide coloured willie exstented swords as a means of defense or offense. Essentially, there is no good or evil in this game, just various shades of grey. This philosophy is something one would find in the game's characters, especially the enigmatic woman, Kreia. Most of the characters are incredibly complex, even the Han Solo-esque ones have a dark secret hiding in the closet.There's no suave, secret, paragon of the universe response that will unlock their hidden feelings and open up to you. There's an interesting approval system, which I do consider a bit flawed but in terms of role-playing, it works. Once you've finally gotten to the heart of their character you'll unlock new abilities for the said characters. The best part: Even when you've gotten that far it still feels like you don't quite know everything there is to know about these characters.I think it is best if I sum up the plot now -- The game takes place a few years after the events of the first game.In classic Star Wars tradition, the Republic is on the verge of collapse alongside the Jedi... AGAIN. There are some tropes that Star Wars can never truly escape from I suppose. You play as an exiled Jedi... Knight? Master? Janitor? Whatever, the game is kinda vague about your previous ranking within the order - You've just returned to the known galaxy and thus missed out on the party of the first game -- I suppose this makes sense given that Star Wars doesn't seem to be restricted to one galaxy, but how the Exile have managed to NOT hear about the whole escapade in the first game is beyond me.. Guess she spent her time in a cave or a remote planet or something, ala Ben Kenobi. For some reason you find yourself onboard the ship of the Ebon Hawke, which people who've played the first game will recognize, and it has been badly damaged, explains a questionably-soothingly-female-voiced-sentient-AI as the tutorial begins.You have the option of skipping this tutorial but it's probably best not to do it since it'll give you a better idea of what is going on and foreshadow danger to come. Not too long after your Exiled Jedi wakes up from her/his comatose sleep onboard an eerie space mining facility called Peragus. The whole place is mysteriously abandoned, and one of the only survivors seems to be an old woman named, Kreia. Like I mentioned she's an enigma and she seems to know a lot about you and the Force, so the next course of action is to figure out what has happened and get off the station. That pretty much sums up the beginning.One of the other things I find that Kotor 2 does exceptionally well is that it allows the player to get easily integrated with the character of the Exile, despite her having an established background -- The well structured dialogue assignment paves way for role-playing a character who doesn't have a clue, as well as someone who's already familiar with the events of the first game. In addition to that - There's also the subtle choice of gender for the previous protagonist and selected occurences of the first game, without the use of an import system, in conversation with one of the characters. A smart way to build to connect both stories together as there'll be plenty of references.So, I've talked a bit about what to expect from the characters, the story and gameplay -- Now I'd like to sum up some of the central themes. The game doesn't present itself as the ""Save the world from the ancient evil"" type of story. Instead, it sets itself up more as a personal story, about your protagonist and your followers. Every time you exit and enter your ship you'll usually find the party bantering with each other, alluding to a dark secret they are hiding or what have you. This is also brought to light in some of the story cutscenes, where Kreia will downright intimidate your crew by exposing their darkest secrets and have it consume them... Why? Because of The Exile. The Exile is unlike any Jedi or Sith and not because she drew the shortest stick, but because she did something in her past that none other could have done. Something that litterally draws the followers and Kreia alike, to the Exile, but one would have to play the game to understand. Most of the story is a lesson to the protagonist, and the player -- About the ideas of morality, and how being a nice & benevolent saint might not always be the right thing to do; Least of all being cruel and despicable.Relying heavily on the Force is brought up as a sign of weakness, and that true strength comes from not needing it. All of this is dictated through the enemies you fight, the choices you make, the characters you meet and certainly through the character of Kreia. It'sKOTOR 2 is a story of self-realization, different shades of morality, confronting the past and learning from past mistakes to face the future. Knights of the Old Republic 2 gets a strong recommendation from me, simply for being unlike any other Star Wars game and with the Restoration Mod -- A much better game than BioWare's original Knights of the Old Republic! :)"
,Recommended,208580,7754076,"Posted: 25 November, 2013",all,NJDEN,"I think that Star Wars Knights of the old Republic II is an awesome experience and a must if you enjoyed the first game or Bioware games in general. Obsidian released it a little sloppy and missing lots of content, but the majority of cut content can be restored and bugs fixed with 'The Sith Lords Restored Content Mod' (TSLRCM); an aftermarket add-on developed to bring this game up to speed.*Highly recommended, but only with TSLRCM."
,Recommended,208580,25102593,"Posted: 23 August, 2016",all,Cheese Time,"Let me tell you a story.I installed the restored content mod, booted up the game, made a Consular and went into the options to crank up the difficulty to the max before I started. I consider myself pretty good at games built off Bioware systems, and I played KOTOR I on the hardest difficulty without issue.Fine, all was dandy. Played the game going full sith. Corrupted all my companions, which was a very memorable experience. Downloaded it on my laptop and kept playing from there. The first 35 hours of the game was absolutely amazing, and I was rejoicing in my EEVIL.However, around the 30 hour point I noticed how easy the game seemed to be getting. Being the stereotypical arrogant gamer, I thought that was down to my epic skills and great build. I got lazy, thought the game was so easy, I only bothered to level up 3 characters, and the others were left in the dirt.How wrong I was.See, the first 35 hours or so are epic, but the ending of the game is unfinished. There are a lot of endless rooms with the same trash mobs. The restored content mod is a mixed blessing, because it brings back a lot of extra levels which feel very empty, as the devs only half-finished them and didn't put them in the game. By the 50 hour point, I was getting fed up. Just wanted it to be over.Then came the HK factory. Oh boy. The goddamn HK factory is one of the half-finished levels put in by the restored content mod. It's in the ending sequence, so you can't back out once you've got there without losing hours of progress. Would usually be fine, but it turns out the HK factory is a solo mission. A solo mission for one of the characters I'd never bought gear for or levelled up. So I was stuck there. With a character with default starting armor, no weapons and no accessories. He has level 3 stuff, against endless level 23 trash mobs of EXACTLY the same enemy.Let me get this straight, there are at least 100 enemy droids in the HK factory. Every single one of them was capable of oneshotting my character. He did like 10 damage to their health pools of 200+ HP with every shot. Whatever, I thought, I'll turn down the dificulty.To my horror, when I opened up the options menu, I realised that when I transferred the game over to my laptop the difficulty settings had not transferred. I'd been playing the entire game on easy. This was as easy as it got. Oneshots and 10 damage per shot. It seemed impossible.At this point, usually I would just laugh at myself and watch a let's play of the game's end. But for some reason I was determined to finish this game. It played me! I would get my revenge at any cost!So I scraped together all the health potions I had and RAN through the HK factory level. If I got hit more than once, I'd have to start over again. It was absolute agony. I died so many times, as many rooms had 5+ enemies which could jump me at once. So I had to learn, gradually, the exact patterns I could run so that I could avoid taking the damage. It was the most pathetic I've felt playing a game. It took quite a few hours, and I was so close to giving up. But in the end, I did it. I suffered, but I did it. Upped and ran past every single enemy in that large level. And after doing that, I felt more satisfaction that I can ever remember feeling from playing a game - even after defeating Dark Souls bosses or something like that. I was rewarded by the game's real ending sequence (which is awesome).I felt a warm glow of pride from being able to successfully run away from trash mobs on easy difficulty. 10/10 game is an emotional rollercoaster, would recommend the suffering to anyone."
,Recommended,208580,26109763,"Posted: 18 October, 2016",all,Fork_Q2,"TL;DR: The ambitious and messy sequel to Knights of the Old Republic. Darker than the first game, some very good writing, expect to encounter uneven pacing and bugs. Lots of bugs.Long Version: Star Wars Knights of the Old Republic 2 is role-playing game where you take on the role of one of the few Jedi left alive after an event that takes place after the end of the first game. Your main character has a choice between three starting classes, Guardian (strong combat class), Consular (strong force-user) and Sentinel (balance between combat and use of the force, emphasis on skills). You have an option to take up a secondary class later on in the game. Throughout the game, you acquire companions, you can have up to two assisting you, while the rest remain at base. Manage your character and follower's levelling up and inventory. Combat is real-time with pause, which means you can pause in the middle of a fight to issue orders. If you unfamiliar with the first game, Dragon Age: Origins would be the closest game to compare this to. Also includes a very basic crafting system, and two optional minigames (a cardgame and a racing game). Familiarity with the plot of the previous game is not required, but in my opinion, highly reccomended as the lore dump might be overwhelming.The game does a very good job at establishing for the first few hours that your ex-Jedi is being hunted by an unknown enemy, vulnerable without your lightsaber and cut off from the rest of the Order. Your connection to the Force weakend, and you are slowing re-establishing connection to it. The starting area is an apparently abandoned mining facility called Peragus. You will pick up the basics of the game in this area. Players already who have already beaten the first game, or replaying KOTOR 2, will find the starting area slow and annoying. It does not need to take more than 30-45 minutes to complete, but it does feel much longer and drawn out. Fortunatly there is a mod that allows you to skip this part.The game picks up the pace when you visit the next area, where you finally get to make interesting plot choices. I would say your choices are more meaningful than in KOTOR. You are railroaded for a bit longer, after which you are presented with a choice of four hubs on four seperate planets to complete in any order you choose. The pacing and content of the four planets vary an lot. Two of the planets (Onderon and Nar Shaddaa) feel much more fully fleshed out and with a great deal of content, with the other two feeling there was content cut from the game (Dantoonie and Korriban). The same could be said for your companions, some being more fleshed out than others.The mood of the game is dark, very dark for a Star Wars game. The Jedi Order destroyed, Republic recovering from a series of devestating conflicts, shades of grey in decisions you are forced to make, and your companions include some very unsavory characters (including a former torturer for the Sith, bounty hunter, and an insane mass murdering Wookie). The Sith are given an lot more dimension in this game, they have their say in this game, and aren't neccessarily cartoon villians as portrayed in other SW games. Playing as a Jedi going down the Dark Side need not have force you to play an unsympathetic psychopath totally lacking in subtlety. Plot may be harder to follow than in the previous game, you may feel slightly at loss around the 75% mark, but I personally felt it was very rewarding to pay attention to it.The version of this game on Steam includes Workshop modding support, some graphical enchancements, support for higher resolutions, controllers and wide-screen. As of now, these enchancements haven't made their way to the first Knights of the Old Republic game. The game is still very much buggy however: enemies shooting through walls, characters getting stuck in areas, and dialogue sometimes automatically skipped. Smart players will keep multiple saves, incase a bug prevents the completion of certain missions. Game engine still runs like♥♥♥♥♥♥ even on modern hardware, I have a GTX 680 and game sometimes drops to the low 20 FPS.Note there is a mod in the Steam Workshop called ""The Sith Lords Restored Content"", which does what it says on the tin, restores much of the missing content. It adds two larger areas missing from the base game, plus a few lines and missions. It is worth trying out, just the once however. You will quickly notice what parts of the game ended up on the cutting room floor, and realise why they were cut. M4-78, a droid planet, involves an lot of back-tracking and couriering messages between NPCs. Buggy, does not add anything to the story, unnecessarily large areas, and introduces some questionable fan voice acting to fill in the lines that were never recorded for the game. The other, a manufacturing plant for assassin droids, is tighter and contains lots of funny dark humour. But like M4-78, it did not add anything to the plot, and it gets tedious very quickly with the many health-sponge enemies.My completed save took me around 45 hours to complete all the sidemissions, the restored content, and Light Side ending. The ending, by the way, also felt rushed and much less satisfying than the previous game. If you are used to RPGs like Dragon Age or Bauldurs Gate, this game may be on the too easy side for you. Turn up the difficulty and don't pick Jedi Guardian as your character class.In conclusion: The game feels very much like the ""Empire Strikes Back"" to KOTOR's ""A New Hope"". Darker, more intriguing, and complicated. Unfortunatly the vision the developers had for this game was never fully realised, absolutely brilliant in some places, felt like a missed opportunity in others. Very much a diamond in the rough.The Good: plot, characters, interesting choices to be made, a fleshed out and realised universe. The recent enchancements added to the game.The Bad: the ending, uneven pacing. Perhaps too easy for most RPG fans.The Ugly: bugs and poor performance.Thank you for reading, please let me know in the comments if there's anything I should do to improve my reviews in the future!"
,Recommended,208580,9038671,"Posted: 9 February, 2014",all,Scumbagel,"This is one of those oldies but goodies. It does have a few problems like glitches, weird twiching, and skipping cutscenes. However, I feel the gameplay pays for the glitchiness. Plus the glitches are sometimes hilarious. This game is also extremely long. Compared to some of today's games, this is like a 5 game trilogy all in one package of fun. They don't make games like these anymore. This game is great and lasts ages. This game is really good for something that came out in 2005. This game has great text-tree conversations too. While you can't even compare this to Telltales' dialogs, it is certainly much cheaper and provides much more time to enjoy the game. You can finish Telltale's episodes within 30 minutes. After that you wait another month for the next episode. I would say money wise, this is one of the best things you can buy on Steam. These days an hour of gameplay costs $60. This game is relatively cheap and has replay ability. This is definetly a good game for new RPG players. Lots of RPGs are intense and difficult to understand. KOTR II is a great buy for anyone on Steam."
,Recommended,208580,24947725,"Posted: 15 August, 2016",all,Blood_Wraith,"Now all we need is an open world Jedi Knight RPG with the scale of Elder Scrolls, except with the addition of exploring other planets.This is not the sweet roll you are looking for."
76561198027204550,Recommended,208580,13909912,"Posted: 9 January, 2015",all,Szechuan Sauce,"""HK-47, what is love?""“Definition: 'Love' is making a shot to the knees of a target 120 kilometres away using an Aratech sniper rifle with a tri-light scope. Statement: This definition, I am told, is subject to interpretation. Obviously, 'love' is a matter of odds. Not many meatbags could make such a shot, and strangely enough, not many meatbags would derive love from it. Yet for me, love is knowing your target, putting them in your targeting reticle, and together, achieving a singular purpose... against statistically long odds...”Play the game and learn why it is great for yourself. The game is great without the Restored Content Mod too."
,Recommended,208580,9780416,"Posted: 10 April, 2014",all,Jedi Master Distance4life,"A lot of people give this game a lot of crap, especially seeing that is is the sequal to the masterpiece that came before. There are some glaring issues with the normal version of the game, but that does not make it a bad game. At the end, it ties in quite nicely to KOTOR but there are some things missing from the game. The game seems unfinished at times. That can all be fixed by using the Restored Content Mod (found herehttp://www.moddb.com/mods/the-sith-lords-restored-content-mod-tslrcm). This mod adds a tremendous amount to the game. Basically there was a bunch of unreleased stuff that wasn't finished in the game. The makers of this mod made the game more of what it was supposed to be. It really made this game what it is for me. It's a good game without the mod. It's a great game with it"
76561198046335190,Recommended,208580,26471959,"Posted: 7 November, 2016",all,Red_Head_Redemption,Best Star Wars game ever made.
76561198034779483,Recommended,208580,30781249,Posted: 27 March,all,Anihilus,It is such a quiet thing. To fall. But far more terrible... is to admit it.
,Recommended,208580,23819998,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,DeadMop,"Star Wars: Knights of the Old Republic II is one of the most underrated RPGs of all time while also being one of the greatest RPGs ever made. Hands down. This game has been plagued with an undeserved negative reputation all across the internet for reasons I can only assume must be both malicious and blatantly fraudulent.Heres my take on KOTOR2 and it's bad rep.1. MAJOR BUGS and GLITCHESI have never EVER suffered a single game killing bug playing KOTOR2 unlike what is said from everyone else which leads me to believe it's all either collective disinformation or people need to stop playing on Win95 PCs, I have beat it 12 times with no mods and twice with many mods on multiple different PCs with both Windows and Linux (WinXP, Win7, Win10, Ubuntu 12.04, Peppermint 4, Lubuntu 16.04) using the DVD version, the Steam version and even the original Xbox version on both the original Xbox and Xbox 360. No game crashes, no freezes, no game killing bugs of any kind, not once, ever. Either I am very lucky, people do not know what they are doing or the internet is full of♥♥♥♥♥♥ I have had resolution issues in the past but that was because AMD drivers suck and because the game was simply not made in the era of HD but it has since been updated to accommodate this very issue amongst other minor things.2. THE ENDING WAS TERRIBLEThe ending was a goddamn cliffhanger, KOTOR 3 was already in the works to directly follow the game and got canceled. In other words, the story was not finished, it was to be continued on so in that the ending was actually really good in terms of what it was trying to accomplish which was, once again, a cliffhanger ending in preparation for a sequel that no one at the time knew would never happen. This is also perfectly in line with the Star Wars franchise, In ""A New Hope"" it had a cheesy dumb ending (like in KOTOR1) and in ""Empire Strikes Back"" it had a cliffhanger, a fairly dark cliffhanger (like in KOTOR2) in preparation for ""Return of the Jedi"" so imagine if Star Wars Episode 6 never happened and you were just left with the first two films and a cliffhanger ending of the second... Thats what it's like and people would call you dumb if you said ""Empire Strikes Back sucks because the ending was just so gosh darn terrible!"" If those people knew the facts behind the ending and why it never got explained, they'd call you and idiot and they'd be right.3. KOTOR1 WAS BETTERIn what way? Story? Gameplay? Quality? To my mind it depends on what you want. Kotor1 was very basic, very to the point but yes was well written, well acted and overall well made. No question. BUT what did it lack?- Depth in both story and character development.- It, like all of Star Wars, had a very black and white view of good and evil both visually and in the ways it told the story.- The gameplay had less game mechanics than Kotor2.- The game had far less dialogue options than Kotor2.- It had far less options in terms of how one completes a mission, granted not too much less... to be fair.- Kotor1 in no real way branched off from the rest of the Star Wars universe in any way that would separate it from the rest of the franchise.. In other words, unlike Kotor2, it never questions the philosophical foundations of Star Wars and thus neatly fits within the Star Wars motif, some people may actually see that as a good thing... Whatever floats your Death Star.- Kotor1 has a giant evil military machine floating in space. Kinda getting tired of giant Sith machines.- Kotor1 contains too many damn Star Map dreams.- In Kotor1 your choices do not directly affect your teammates except when you choose the dark side and only near the end of the game.- Kotor2 actually tells you when♥♥♥♥♥♥is ♥♥♥♥ing empty.- Kotor2 allows you to build/upgrade far more items.- Kotor1's story was NOT written by Chris Avellone.I'm sure I could go on but these are just a few things that Kotor1 doesn't have that Kotor2 did that made it far more interesting, immersive and fun.MY RATING...9/10MY SPECS...Intel i5 446016GB of RAMGTX 980TiWindows 7/Lubuntu 16.04"
76561198052618755,Recommended,208580,31069174,Posted: 10 April,all,Berethor,"This Game was released in an unfinished status and you sadly recognise that from the first moment on. I highy recommend the ""Restored Content Mod"", which improves the game a lot. Also this game now has full steam support, which means it should not cause any trouble in terms of compatibility or resolution choice.Even though it's not as well thought out and polished as the first KOTOR (which is my favourite Game of all time btw), it still has a lot of its incredible ingredients with a few usefull gameplay additions. This makes it still a very good RPG with a very high replay value(im surely into double figures at the time im writing this).If you liked the first KOTOR or the Mass Effect Games, this is a good choice. If you haven't played those, then you should try them first."
,Recommended,208580,19817837,"Posted: 20 December, 2015",all,Checkmate,It's a Star Wars game made by Obsidian. That should be all the reason to play it.
,Recommended,208580,31529587,Posted: 3 May,all,Mayhem 🦈,"Using the Restored Content Mod from the workshop, this game turned from a horribly mediocre experience on-disk to an amazing follow-up to KOTOR 1 for me. After losing all my progress to two seperate glitches, I still kept playing. And that's a lot coming from me. I give up easily on those parts. Anyways, it is an amazing game and definetly worth checking out, be it on sale or not. The optimization is damn good, with actual patches having come out in 2015-2016, adding high resolutions and workshop support. After 55.9 hours at the time of writing this review, it is a game I love coming back to simply to see how things can change depending on your actions and simply just to finish another playthrough. I may get stuck, but then I just start over. And I love every second of that, too."
,Recommended,208580,13583303,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,GrandMoffBacon,"Statement: I am happy to serve you meatba- I mean, master."
76561198040210822,Recommended,208580,25086733,"Posted: 23 August, 2016",all,Claire Stanfield,"I don't write reviews on Steam often. This game is one of my exceptions. KOTOR II may also be my favorite Star Wars story. The movies are great, so is KOTOR I, and I highly recommend them as well, however KOTOR II is very much the Dostoevsky to their Stephen King, forgive the dorky literary analog. One is entertaining, whereas the other makes you think. KOTOR II is, on the surface, a rather standard RPG. You're railroaded from point A to B through various locales, picking up side quests, and trying to beat the Big Bad. Standard♥♥♥♥♥♥honestly. Where the game excels is in how this is presented. Rather than the standard adventure approach we are so used to, KOTOR II instead takes the chance to tell a dark, ambiguous, and complex tale exploring betrayal, anger, hope, apathy, revenge, the nature of good and evil, the nature of the Force, the complexity of human emotions, relationships, loss, and most importantly, finding out who you are. This is not in the sense we explore in KOTOR I, for those of you who've played it. This is not the tale of an amnesiac, it is the tale of a broken man/woman who has been repeatedly betrayed by everyone, and everything they've trusted. It's the tale of someone trying to find meaning for themselves in a world that has repeatedly stolen meaning from them. Even as you make the choices for your Jedi, man or woman, good or evil, Consular or Sentinel, it all ingeniously boils down to who this character is. You can help define them, but unlike the MC of KOTOR I, the history truly means something more than an interesting twist, or a way to move along plot. It starkly defines all that you do, from beginning to end in ways that require you to question every action you make. This might be one of few games out there, where being the good guy can still make you feel like♥♥♥♥♥♥by the end of the game. As the game so splendidly relates, all that you do has an effect, both seen and unseen, and how neither extreme, light or dark, can be wholly considered right or wrong. Even after all of that I'm nowhere near describing the amazing characters, quest-lines, quotes, philosophical dialogue, and beautiful moody/dark feeling of looming doom, and ambiguity that is summoned by the central plot of this game. Just go out and buy the damn game! It's awesome, and if you're tired of the same old copy and paste characters, and horrendous or uninspired dialogue that saturates most RPG's, look no further. The game is a masterpiece! As a quick side note, get the TSLRCM mod, the base game is good, but sadly Obsidian, as is often the case with them, had a tight deadline, and couldn't make the game as bug free, nor as filled with content as they intended. The mod adds a lot of cut content, including a new planet (It isn't huge, or filled with tons more quests, so don't get too excited.), fixes several game breaking, or quest breaking bugs, and generally just irons out a lot of issues the initial release had."
,Recommended,208580,34771820,Posted: 6 September,all,tasso,If you haven't already finished this game then I envy you. It's the top of my list for a game that I wish could be wiped from my memory so that I could play it all over again.I simply cannot recommend it enough.
,Recommended,208580,11126388,"Posted: 7 July, 2014",all,DSMiz,"Let's get this out of the way: KOTOR2 is not KOTOR1.I loved KOTOR1.  It was the first real PC RPG that I was going to bite into as a kid, despite having toyed with Baldur's Gate and Icewind Dale when they were the 'hot things' to hit the market.  From the first to the fourth disc, I was playing out some of the best scenarios I was convinced could ever have existed in a video game; it certainly helped that it was all being played out in the Star Wars universe, which, to any bright-eyed kid who loved the original trilogy, was something to behold.And then came KOTOR2.As a bit of a set-up: I never had the chance to play KOTOR2 when it was originally released, but I was there to watch the bile and distaste that most gamers had for it.  Reviews from users on a variety of other gaming sites came in, deriding the story and claiming that it was a vastly inferior title compared to the stellar original.  It was incomplete, people had said: the story was unfinished, and for the most part, the game felt empty and had a plot unfitting for the Star Wars universe.Then comes 2014, where I finally had the time to do a bit more reading on the game, including the (now famous) content restoration mod.  I bought the game on sale, installed the mod, fired it up -- and was hooked for the next 30 something hours that I had it installed and played.  I loved the game so much, that it promptly was installed on my laptop, just so I could get a few hours in on the go during downtime.  It was fantastic.KOTOR2, for those unfamiliar and reading this review in hoping to tip the scales, is a Star Wars game, yes.  It takes place in the Star Wars universe.  It involves jedi, lightsabres, starships, the Sith, light versus darkness - except, not really, particularly the last bit.You see, head writer Chris Avellone never really liked the Star Wars universe - or, parts of it's mythos, anyway.  The Light and Dark sides seemed too binary, too hilariously Machiavellan at turns to really allow him to write the stories he has become so well known for among PC RPG fans (Planescape: Torment being the elephant - or perhaps well-endowed titan - in the room).  He wanted to shake things up, narratively speaking, and it shows: the game is not so simply about the light versus the dark (as, arguably, the original trilogy of films and the first KOTOR are steadfast about), but instead, how such concepts do not work when we apply the idea of secondary belief to the universe at large.  (For some more insight into Avellone's thoughts on the universe, I suggest looking up Super Bunnyhop's interview with the man himself on YouTube).The game features you as the Jedi Exile - a wounded warrior who had returned from the Mandalorian Wars to the Jedi Council, only to be banished (for reasons unknown) and to have their powers stripped from them.  As you awaken on a mining facility, with a case of amnesia and tremendously weakened from the ordeal, you come to realize that something is wrong with the force, and the Sith, no less, are behind it.  You set out on an adventure with a series of unlikely companions to determine just what happened to you, and what this new face of Sith appear to be up to.The companions, a highlight of any BioWare style RPG, but particularly for Obsidian (the designers at the helm, here), feature some fantastic heroes.  Some cliches remain, to ensure you're playing in a game set within the universe you signed up for, of course: there's still the charming rogue who represents the Han Solo of the title, the sassy bounty hunter, the wise and mysterious Jedi Master.  But it's not the same.  Something feels 'off', in the most magnificent way possible as you spend time speaking with these characters.  They're thematically similar, yes, but the way they express and espouse their discomfort with the status quo of the Force and the Universe makes you realize how real humans living in the far corners of the galaxy might actually feel about how things work when you're facing space wizards and death-bent cultists.It doesn't stop at the companions.  KOTOR1 had the bad habit of setting up encounters across its planets in a very blase pattern.  Find planet - fight through corridors - find friendly race - handle problems.  Oh, it's very high adventure and there are several key notes within the campaign.  But that's how it feels and how it ultimately handles for much of it.  KOTOR2 shines in this regard - at least, it does for a limited time, but we'll talk about that later.  One of the largest planets in the game has you splitting up your party, facing enemies alone as your companions in what seems like impossible odds, encountering foes in what you thought were the safest regions of the map, and having traps and battles sprung on you when you honestly least expected it.  There were several times where I found myself popping tinctures and med pacs just to stay alive, staving off death and improving party members in thoughtful ways to defend against some truly interesting scenarios.But then we have the common problem - and the one that you will probably continue to see across all of the reviews that are written here - is that the game is unfinished.  There are far too many elements of it that are clearly missing, stripped down, or otherwise incomplete that make it lesser than the game it starts off (and is, in the perfect world, ideally meant to be).  Those creative scenarios?  They really only happen on one planet (Nar-Shaddah - and, take note, new players: head there first, if you can.)  Companions suddenly 'disappear' from the final encounter with no explanation as to why they are not with you.  Some character history lines seem to just drop dead.  As the game runs out of steam, the following planets ultimately feel a bit one-note and flat (and veer too close to KOTOR1's rather vanilla campaign).  The ending seems to have written itself in a corner and provides too little closure for what the game seems to be setting you up for.  What begins and ends with a bang, closes with a whimper.Does that mean that KOTOR2 is a game not worth your time or money?  Of course not.  If you've ever enjoyed Avellone's writing, then it still comes through strong in this title, butchered and shortened as it is.  The characters are interesting and foster genuine curiosity about the world the Old Republic represents.  There are still some genius set encounters, particularly in the early and late game, that challenge what it means to have quests and how to experience a story in a western RPG.The only problem is, when all is said and done, when you've put in your 30-something hours and you see the final cutscene, you leave with that bitter and sour taste as your final realization is this:What an RPG this truly could have been."
,Recommended,208580,27054240,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Mate²,Best fundementaly broken and unfinished game ever released at full price.
,Recommended,208580,30289771,Posted: 2 March,all,vaιneѕy,"Did you ever hear the tragedy of Darth Plagueis ""the wise""? I thought not. It's not a story the Jedi would tell you. It's a Sith legend. Darth Plagueis was a Dark Lord of the Sith, so powerful and so wise he could use the Force to influence the midichlorians to create life... He had such a knowledge of the dark side that he could even keep the ones he cared about from dying. The dark side of the Force is a pathway to many abilities some consider to be unnatural. He became so powerful... the only thing he was afraid of was losing his power, which eventually, of course, he did. Unfortunately, he taught his apprentice everything he knew, then his apprentice killed him in his sleep. It's ironic he could save others from death, but not himself."
,Recommended,208580,12969165,"Posted: 16 November, 2014",all,alexandrecolaco,"A timeless game that makes you feel like you are a jedi or sith! I played the original Knights of the old republic back in 2003 and absolutely loved it...then I played the sequel and also loved it, though I didn't  dedicate myself as much as I had to the first one! Now I have rectified that mistake. KOTOR 2 is a wonderful game even for todays standards of 2014. I have spent 34 hours completing it and savoured every second. I believe these games transport you to a sweeter Star Wars universe than the one you see in all those movies. 5*."
,Recommended,208580,26815446,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,HellHound,"""Perhaps you were expecting some surprise, for me to reveal a secret that had eluded you, something that would change your perspective of events, shatter you to your core. There is no great revelation, no great secret. There is only you."""
76561198156347859,Recommended,208580,29735915,Posted: 5 February,all,Cypher Vorthos,"I had a lot of fun with this game. The story had its low points, but overall it was well executed. It succeeded in making me feel like a Jedi trying to save the galaxy.I recommend IF:You enjoy RPGs, reading, Star Wars, dialogues and multiple choices.AND if you’re okay withOutdated graphics, slow paced story, some minor bugs."
,Recommended,208580,24627815,"Posted: 30 July, 2016",all,Merek,"KotOR II: The Sith Lords is best played with TSLRCM (The Sith Lords Restored Content Mod). If you don't have it for this game, get it. Most mods you will ever download for this game depend on that mod to function correctly.Trust me, without TSLRCM the story isn't gonna make much sense, if at all.Alright, let me start off by saying KOTOR II: The Sith Lords is an absolutely incredible *addicting* game - even better with TSLRCM. As much as I enjoyed the first KotOR (and I really enjoyed that game) I enjoyed this game even more.Anyways here is my breakdown of the game:PROS+ Includes57Steam Achievements+ Each time you play through the game you may discover/learn something you didn't in the previous playthrough+ Excellent/Addictive Story+ In many ways a contiuation of the first, yet not in so many others (Depending on what you say to Atton, Carth and Bastila make an appearance somewhere in the story; more than once iirc)CONS- Limited Romance Options (Mira is pretty much a no-go, Handmaiden blindly falls in love with you, and Visas confesses her love for you at the end of the game - which is about it. No kissing.)- Too many technical and non-technical issues & bugs to count. Even with all the TSLRCM fixes there's still quite a lot.- Without TSLRCM, the story willNOTmake much sense- Your first playthrough most likely will be your worst, like mine (but not your last thankfully)- This marks the end of the KOTOR Games (It's highly unlikely KOTOR III will happen folks)- The workshop makes installing non-workshop KOTOR II Mods a huge pain in the♥♥♥♥♥(I'm playing a semi-working but broken game right now thanks to the lousy Workshop)My Rating: 10/10 (Highly Recommended)"
,Recommended,208580,12975028,"Posted: 16 November, 2014",all,Disavowed Waifu,If I hear any more bad news I'm going to get violent.Edit: Good news has come through. Obsidian gave it 4k and controller support. Woot!
,Recommended,208580,28733102,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,wolfdwarf,You seemed to have accidently scrolled down. The purchase and/or play button is up at the top of this page.
,Recommended,208580,32768463,Posted: 25 June,all,CallOfVodka,"One of the best RPG games ever.Good yet complex storyline, nice items and skins, interesting characters. This gem has more than 13 years old and is still enjoyable"
,Recommended,208580,33247462,Posted: 4 July,all,Brian C. (The Schmaltzy Cynic),"KOTOR2 is beloved for many reasons; some memories are more infamous than others. Not only was it the return of Interplay/Black Isle under the new name of Obsidian but it was also the first mainstream Star Wars game to explore the richness of its universe only hinted from the films. Unless you have played an immersive simulator like Tie Fighter, no game since KOTOR 2 has captured the subtleties behind the Force, the political and economic views of a galaxy at war and the childlike sense of wonder into a galaxy far, far away.However, what I believe is not often considered is how KOTOR 2 was the foundation for modern role-playing games, started by Obsidian here and perfected by BioWare in Dragon Age and Mass Effect. Companions with variable attitudes based on an affinity meter and moral alignments with/against the player along with tons of dialogue, banter and cutscenes; the importance of choice and consequence for companions as well as the player’s expression through dialogue and choices to make each experience distinct; and the vignette storytelling where each area tells the smaller tales of a much grander one with sides to choose to connect with the player’s choices. Although all these aspects are not sacred to KOTOR2 as the original and many RPGs beforehand included these features, the execution, while far from perfection, is so distinctly BioWare you would be forgiven in thinking it was made by them.(Note: You ABSOLUTELY need to download the Content Restoration Mod via Steam Workshop to get best experience with KOTOR2 as it restores so much great moments the developers were not allowed to add back to the game.)Has the Student Surpassed the Master?In my previous review of KOTOR1, I had explained why I felt the sequel was a better BioWare game on reflection of finishing the first game, and after completing the sequel I can understand why even fans of the first game did not enjoy the latter one as much as the first. The debate of which one is better exactly the Coke vs. Pepsi style of debate of Fallout 3 & New Vegas (Nuka Cola or Sunset Sasperella?), and the answer to both dilemmas is which one is more liking to your tastes.The best comparison I could describe about KOTOR is whether you prefer the Star Wars from the films or the expanded universe from the books. KOTOR 1 was tightly paced its plot focused more on its long-lasting twist than developing characters beyond their quirks in a popcorn-friendly good versus evil story. KOTOR 2, however, deliberately will let you explore nuances of the lore from the simplest of teachings and conflicts for the Jedi and Sith as well as immerse you into a game of Pazaak to understand the thoughts of a character like a chapter from a book. The difference in quality can best be seen by the amount of depth added to returning characters like T3-M4, HK-47 and Canderous and the deviations of similar characters from the original like Atton vs Carth and Kreia vs Bastila.This difference isn’t limited to the writing but also how much of a different experience each game provides. KOTOR 1 has a lengthy prologue as a non-Jedi character offering you the most role-playing options before boxing you into Sith or Jedi after a montage of becoming a Jedi. Its greatest strengths were the pacing of each world, the few moments of insight into the lore, and its more memorable quests. KOTOR 2 starts you off as an ex-Jedi where you earn your prowess with the Force overtime with role-playing options all throughout as well as letting you decide how much of a Sith or Jedi you want to be. Instead of some exemplary quests, KOTOR2 provides more down-time on the Ebon Hawk as well as relying on set-pieces with choices to make each world distinct in gameplay and story.  I may not remember every quest but I can remember the solo fight with a Wookie, the two-team assault on Dxun and Onderon, and the quiet meanderings and inner battles in the dead Sith Lord tombs.Even in terms of the core gameplay, there is a refinement behind the sequel that is hard to explain without simply playing for yourself. Perhaps it’s the additional feats, weapons, items and force-powers or the numbers themselves but I found the sequel to be a better challenge, although the moments where you play alone as a companion or yourself feel like sucker punches of difficulty. Where the first game felt more like you had to game the system to win, the sequel manages to add more flair and variable tactics behind the numbers. This is the only aspect I find that KOTOR 2 is undeniably better as a game.The shorter version of this section is that you should play KOTOR 1 once for its plot, and you should play the sequel many times as a role-playing game.”I Felt A Great Disturbance in the Force…”Unfortunately, as often the case with Obsidian, KOTOR2 was never a finished game. Where KOTOR 1 was a tightly connected story and game, KOTOR 2 had so much trapped in the game files that was brought back thanks to modders with Obsidian’s approval. Even when you restore what was meant to be in the game, the final section of Malachor V is so confusedly put together that it almost risks ruining the whole experience.What saves KOTOR 2 is that neither the story nor the gameplay was sullied because it was unfinished nor given its conclusion in a sequel. The story and the game’s journey of the Exile is single-handily the best narrative in an RPG that rivals the highest standard of Baldur’s Gate 2. Where BG2 incorporated the game’s morality into the plot, KOTOR 2 integrates the Jedi/Sith conflict as well as the boundaries of what kind of Jedi/Sith you are as the player into the story along with utilizing the Force abilities and the Exile’s unique ability into the raw RPG mechanics. The twist in KOTOR 1, at worst, felt like a cynical retreading of BG2; the twist in KOTOR2 left me spell-bound by how interconnected the journey was up to Malachor V. Even in the game’s climax, the harrowing thoughts of what lies in store for the Exile and Reven as well as the small comforts of knowing the futures of the companions and the result of the player’s choices capitalized what still ends up as one of the greatest stories in an RPG.However, if you were hoping every question would be provided with an answer or if the journey the game teases you at the end would continue in the nonexistent future, then it can be understood why some absolutely hated the ending. Imagine if the entirety of Mass Effect 3 had never happened, would that ruin the experience of 2 that also ended on a cliffhanger with many unanswered questions? As someone who maintains a level of scope with a story as well as enjoying unsolved mysteries, I do not find the ending, if properly fixed, would had made KOTOR bad. If this is the last we’ll ever see of the Exile or Revan—that isn’t a shoddy novel or bland cameo in The Old Republic—then it was on the best ditch to die on because the journey to get there is compelling enough to replay and evocative enough to imagine what may never come to be.Meditate on the Wound; Feel It; Control ItPerhaps KOTOR 2 should serve as a lesson for pipe-dreams. Disappointment is a fickle to learn to deal with as the expectations you wish only further wound you into finding the smallest of faults borne not out of spite but out of love with what potential lies dormant and yet may never be unearthed. This lasting feeling is something I think is what makes KOTOR 2 as amazing as it is because it will hurt you at what you love about it and yet you will come away feeling as bound to it as much as Sion is to the Force.Maybe instead of longing for what is unlikely to occur we can heed the same advice from Kreia past down to the Exile, “Perhaps you were expecting some surprise, for me to reveal a secret that had eluded you, something that would change your perspective of events, shatter you to your core. There is no great revelation, no great secret. There is only you."""
,Recommended,208580,18826923,"Posted: 1 November, 2015",all,stargater,"THE FUN IS STRONG WITH THIS ONE!I loved KOTOR, but I sadly heard about KOTOR 2  that ""IT'S A TRAP!"". Supposedly it isn't as good as the first one and bugged as hell. So I said to myself that ""I'VE GOT A BAD FEELING ABOUT THIS"" and let my physical copy collect dust without much research about it.However in some steam sale, I felt obligated to buy it again.. and noticed that legends like Chris Avellone and Feargus Urquhart were responsible for it. Then my main gaming PC needed repair and long story short, I am so happy that it did.This game was on top of my old games bucket list and to my great surprise, literally next day that I started to play a great update went live. I felt lucky, but ""IN MY EXPERIENCE THERE IS NO SUCH THING AS LUCK"".. ;) So along with an excellent Restoration mod, KOTOR 2 was a unique, melancholic experience. It took me some time to fully warm up to it (unlike original KOTOR), but in some areas it is even better then it's predecessor. And to think that It could have been even better if not rushed in development..Big thank you to all that still care about the game and enabled me to enjoy this gem. Now I can finally lost myself in TOR. Oh and find some petition for making Kotor 3 happen. MAY THE FUN BE WITH YOU."
,Recommended,208580,29743142,Posted: 6 February,all,it's💀shoepacabra,"Very seriously the best Star Wars game and one of the best PC RPGs of all time.You don't have to have played the first Knights of the Old Republic to follow what's going on here, but if you did, you'll notice that when Obsidian took the license from Bioware they put out a game that just viciously dunks all over its predecessor. It's damn near disrespectful how much better KOTOR 2 is.KOTOR 2 freely gives away things that would qualify as major plot twists in the first game because its most important reveals are so much grander. It repeats archetypes from the first game and sometimes even grabs characters themselves from the first and says ""hold my beer; THIS is how to write them correctly."" I'm on my fourth play through (I'd played it twice before Steam existed) and I'm *still* discovering new things because there's just that much depth. Where the first KOTOR told your typical humdrum legendary hero Bioware story with ""moral choice"" amounting to being a boy scout or orphan-murderer, KOTOR 2 goes deeper. Is light always right? Can dark-sided actions be morally necessary? Are there unintended repercussions to simple acts of charity and kindness? Is anything worth believing in or fighting for?You don't *have* to delve into these questions. You can play it straight forward and ignore so much of the dialogue and character development if you really want. You can speed from start to finish obliterating enemies with Force Lightning and ignore every hint of story. But KOTOR 2 will gladly reward you for the time and attention you put into it. And it's so very worth it."
76561198039250515,Recommended,208580,23597843,"Posted: 16 June, 2016",all,Runzor,"""Anybody here catch that? All I understood was 'very'.""""I think he wanted us to give up the General to his poorly trained collection of bounty hunters.""""Oh, that would explain it. Which one do you want?""""I'll take the stupid one, who decided to threaten us rather than shoot us when he had the chance.""Best game 10/10EDIT: I love this game. The characters, the planets, the dialogues. Basically everything about it. This game.. this game truly is an experience."
,Recommended,208580,16711332,"Posted: 25 June, 2015",all,iznotacat,"It got a new title, it's so LARGE I mean imagine this  STAR WARS™ Knights of the Old Republic™ II - The Sith Lords™ In your library, why wouldn't you want to play this now.ALSO three trade marks in this title.WHY."
,Recommended,208580,31695485,Posted: 11 May,all,Skyzor,"Genuinely one of the best games I've ever played. I played this as a kid, and got a Steam purely to revisit the Knights of the Old Republic series.Also, anyone picking up this title should get the Restored Content Mod. It adds much more to game."
,Recommended,208580,28772386,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,PhilipPino,"The good old ""STAR WARS: Knights of the Old Republic 2"" (nothing to say) for new Systems like Windows 10!- Runns without crash or fps problems on Windows 10- All resolutions fully worket without GUI streching- Full and very good Controller supporthttp://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=827720179Also there is a great Mod which brings new ""original"" content:http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=485537937(you can find the mod in diffent languages)"
,Recommended,208580,17182519,"Posted: 22 July, 2015",all,LordB8r,"It suprised me for this game to get updated after 10 years out of nowhere. This game has always been one of my favorites. If you have never played this masterpiece, there is no better time to."
,Recommended,208580,12847298,"Posted: 8 November, 2014",all,MoldyPoldy,It gets a lot of♥♥♥♥♥♥for being buggy but I've always enjoyed it.
,Recommended,208580,13733075,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,t. mike,"Developer Obsidian Entertainment was born of former PC RPG giant Black Isle Studios’ closure, and with the name Chris Avellone affixed as lead designer/writer there was an expectation that we’d be seeing something transcending the low standard of video games—even if they were stuck using flippin’ Star Wars (of all things: Really?) as a starting point.What Obsidian’s crew ended up doing was to look at Star Wars, at all Lucas and BioWare and every EU author had accomplished to manipulate the monomythic structure in the creation of something palatable and brilliantly addictive, and just…wrench a knife somewhere in them there guts and twist, twist until everything that gives the Star Wars appeal is torn apart. Piece by piece, the Sith Lords subtly begins feeding you each and every tired expectation, and, as they come, what you feel is this growing sense of relief, this subconscious drive to be satiated on your own literary comfort food—but: There’s always that moment—and you come to expect that too, come to rely on it as the antithesis to your prior highs—there’s always that moment the game asks Why? Of this path so often repeated, what accomplishments do you imagine?A beggar family, torn apart both financially and physically by war, asks for your help--a paltry sacrifice on your part to ensure their safety; maybe, just maybe, nearby stands a man asking for the same outcome, but in place of your own personal sacrifice he offers great monetary gain. It’s either-or, here, and the tendency of players will be towards “good” over “evil,"" so the sacrifice is made, the family hobbles off pitifully to presumed safety and bright futures. You yourself positively reflect on the morality bonuses given for another day saved--and the game stops you dead in your tracks, voicing—almost exclusively through your mentor Kreia—its frustrations with the ignorance inherent in your actions.No matter your in-game answer for Why?, the result is always the same; your choice, perceived as the moral high ground, was nothing but a wasteful performance of ignorant folly. Drawing parallels of your actions to vampirism, your acts of kindness, of Jedi charity, do nothing but steal what power the helpless may hold for your own use (i.e., the experience points gained by your choice, an idea reflected in Star Wars lore itself without any game-y statistics). No matter how buried motives are under the guise of self-sacrifice, helping the needy only serves to weaken them, altering their perceptions on universal modality and, in some cases, making them targets to others more desperate and lethally-driven towards the same goal.By following the ‘goodness’ of the Jedi code—a lie fabricated for self-preservation and personal profit—it's suggested you just led an entire family to their death.This deconstructive direction outside the realm of predictable comfort is what makes the Sith Lords such a massive improvement over BioWare’s excellent predecessor, and, really, the story is just too dang good for Star Wars; its goals far too high and self-aware, but also something the Star Wars brand has desperately needed for a long time.Yet, while the writing of the Sith Lords is far stronger than its prequel, I rate both titles the same, and may, personally, even view the first as a better game. Achievements aside, the Sith Lords is riddled with bugs, moments of atrocious pacing issues and literally a quarter of the game unfinished. Many of these issues have been repaired by dedicated fans over the years since release, but that’s still not enough: The long intro segment and Nar Shadaa still feature pacing issues that stem from more than a rushed development cycle, but simply clumsy planning and writing.Kreia’s continued domination over the players’ own emotional turmoils are what champion this game ahead of so many others, her words forever scarring views of Star Wars as fluffy entertainment. Amidst the wealth of coding error that would come to define Obsidian’s games, it’s that writing--that twisting of archetypal norms and the assumption of a moral compass built from her presence that make this journey so darn good. In the rush to finish this game under a holiday development schedule, she’s written out as Darth Traya, but despite the new name’s implications, despite the donning of black robes, she's never convincing as a villain. (It’s hard to buy her shadow mask when she’s always right, even if she is pushy and demanding. Her role as a mentor is far more believable.)It’s long before she makes her name in betrayal that she raises the avatar and herself from the dead. Five years have passed since Revan redeemed herself and saved the galaxy (the pawn of a Star Wars cliche repeated almost by the decade), and the next galaxy-wide threat is already in full effect. It’s unfortunate that not many seem to know it. This behind-the-scenes orchestration of tragedy is defined by absence in TSL: The concentration of power so great, so abnormal even by Star Wars standards that it threatens itself strictly by persisting, every moment needed to devour the essence of this life that connects every living being. Sith Lords Sion and Nihilus, Kreia’s guiding hand, the avatar herself—exiled by choice from the Jedi Order for her own acceptance of rational, necessary darkness—are all representative of the ultimate consequence of the power sought by good and evil in Star Wars lore, each in their own way black holes eating away at what seems, on the surface, like a coherent system guided by a familiar mythos born long before ’77.The rest of the supporting cast lends a helping hand in reinvent the Star Wars universe, too, with the best among them following the same route the game’s overall quest system takes. The first to join your cause is--of course--a clone of Han Solo even down to the predilection for familiar catch phrases, but as the story progresses his character is turned inside out, his snarky personality made merely a coping mechanism for his horrific past. Another is a twist on the now-stereotyped wookie: A psychopath tortured by his own culture, he adheres under a broken sense of honor to life debts--you know, that cultural norm handed down from his homeworld that would bind him to anyone who saves (or spares) his life--that also drives his psychopathy. He’ll fight alongside those owed such a debt, but not without the constant reminder that his only wish before dying is to gleefully dismember them.It’s this team of equally-lost souls the avatar and Kreia influence and guide on their mission to remove the devouring endgame. Since the conclusion of BioWare’s epic, Revan’s vanished and the Jedi Council lie in ruins. Barely a handful of members still live, and that persisting, devouring force quietly ravaging the galaxy has them in hiding. It’s the Exile’s job to pull these hiding Jedi out of their inherent selfishness either by hunting them down or banding them together to Save the World.Fantastic characterization and dialogue aside, story progression doesn’t bring the same joy or discovery BioWare gave players, due possibly to overcomplication or ridiculous ambition beyond TSL's budget. The series has since become an MMO, and the characters’ fates removed from the postmodern, deconstructive tone of TSL back into comfortable, anticlimactic Star Wars fare.Unfortunate."
76561198011426155,Recommended,208580,13543817,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,Brod Mower,"A Star Wars game like no other. I mean apart from the dark feeling that I felt throughout, its sheer scale and philosophical tracts made a deep impact on me when it first came out. Kreia's incessant teachings made me think about my actions and what I chose to do. It gave me greater insight into the Mandalorian culture and what it is to be a Mandalorian. I can't recommend this game enough that, while with a few glitches and missing content (easily fixed with 'The Sith Lords Restoration Project Mod') it is certainly worthy of being played nearly ten years later with graphics being the only burden of it's age.9.5/10"
,Recommended,208580,12976835,"Posted: 16 November, 2014",all,breags - changed [GFTF],"Manages to build on its predecessor positively in nearly every department, with awesome characters, even better villains, and just a thoroughly enjoyable experience from start to finish."
,Recommended,208580,22850223,"Posted: 7 May, 2016",all,Dulet,tfw you'll never experience KotOR 3tfw you'll never feel the same joy when playing KotOR 1 and 2 for the first timetfw life is acutally pointless
,Recommended,208580,23946431,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,[WST] Ahzrukhal,"Star Wars Knights of the old Republic II, to me, seemed like an awful game compared to the first one, but after going back and playing it again now in 2016, I now see how wrong I was. Kotor 1 still remains superior to the second, but it was pretty close.If you haven't played the first kotor, please play it before purchasing this game, everything will make so much more sense.If you decide to buy this game, I highly suggest downloading this modhttps://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=485537937&searchtext=This is a restoration mod to add things to the game that originally were supposed to be there, but were cut due to a deadline for the games release. You can download this mod off the steam workshop, so don't worry all of you people who don't like downloading off sketchy mod websites."
,Recommended,208580,27678109,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Effix,"I love this game. I wasn't that interested in RPG's before playing the first game, but that game cured that. This one got me interested in making mods and after just playing that kept me entertained for a very long time.Pro's- Star Wars, lightsabers etc.- Great story telling & story-related choices- High replay value because of character choices & mods- Great updates by Aspyr for this Steam version to make things run better with today's computers- For modders: lots of modding tools, modding tutorials, mod sites etc. were made over the yearsCon's- Rushed content, especially at the end of the game- What you can do with Steam mods is limited, it could really use some kind of mod manager to combine mods"
,Recommended,208580,30645369,Posted: 20 March,all,Wick,"When I bought KotOR, playing it was just epic. After KotOR II was released, I decided to get it as soon as I could. I can say, it was, just like KotOR, one of the best investments I could have done. The game itself offers that much of a story, you can replay it and replay it and replay it. But due to my own stupidity, I lost the CD somehow and due to that, buying it again in store never happened. It changed when I saw it on Steam's Sale for 3,99EUR. Bought it and replayed it again.The best what could happen was the release of achievements. A couple of days ago, it caught me again, because I wanted to get all the achievements for one of my childhood games (plzz Steam do it for more old games :DDD). Now, several days later, I got them all and decided to write this review.I hope, that I might encourage people to buy/play it just like other aged games. Besides, both KotOR and KotOR II are must haves for StarWars fans :D.Regards,Wick"
,Recommended,208580,30598501,Posted: 18 March,all,FlexibleRodent,One of the best Star Wars stories ever made.
,Recommended,208580,22817165,"Posted: 5 May, 2016",all,Tweak,"Admit it: the RPG genre had a formula. Start weak. Grow strong. Grow godly strong for some reason, as if it made sense. Did the world-building and story-telling always back up this formula? In my opinion, no.But then there's Star Wars, and its conveniently mysterious ""force."" What an opportunity for an RPG! The first KOTOR was a standard RPG with a classic plot twist. It was a phenomenal game in the traditional sense.KOTOR II takes the RPG formula and turns it into an ethical dilemma on its own. The majority of the game dances around this theme. It paints no one who grows in power as much of a hero, but exposes them as a threat. Personally, I applaud this direction, despite the game's tone overall suffering from a depressing feeling.Be warned, KOTOR II isn't much of a happy game. It's a mature, thought-provoking game. It's a rare game that tells the real story of its own mechanics. You're getting stronger. But at what cost?"
,Recommended,208580,24152155,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,AirRai,One of the best Star Wars gamesPros:-Story-Characters-Mod supportCons:-Limited character avatars-Rushed ending
76561198091940957,Recommended,208580,33765708,Posted: 24 July,all,Thrike,I'm only 4 hours into this game and already have to say that i am a 100% pleasantly surprised about how much fun it is. I  recommend it to anybody who likes the Star Wars universe and RPGs.
,Recommended,208580,32115412,Posted: 1 June,all,Hi,My childhood <3
,Recommended,208580,31967340,Posted: 26 May,all,Neaira Zephyrus,"This is one of my favourite games to play for many reasons, such as having a great progressive story, compainions that will build relations with as the story goes on. Your choices also make a difference in the gameplay of the story even if it is only little bits. The gameplay is better and improved from the first one, and this is always a great game to come back to. I also believe that some people are creating a mod for this game where graphics/gameplay/and more story are being input into it, so can't wait for that."
,Recommended,208580,14743428,"Posted: 5 March, 2015",all,Corax,"Play it with restored content mod.or play it without the mod and have another reason to hate lucas arts.either way, 10/10"
76561198069159152,Recommended,208580,31169037,Posted: 15 April,all,wrb41977,"Obsidian Entertainment's follow-up to Knights of the Old Republic, this volume deals with the Jedi Exile. Five years have passed since the end of the Jedi Civil War in 3956 BBY. A new group of Sith, the Sith Triumverate has appeared and have nearly extinguished the Jedi. You wake up on the Peragus Mining Facility and have to escape as a new threat arrives: Darth Sion, a Sith Lord whose hate and anger allow him to surpass death...Featuring a slew of characters that are almost as iconic as those in the first KotOR (as well as two returning companions, one the very iconic HK-47), KotOR II is a classic. This version is slightly revamped, ridding it of many bugs the original had. As you play as the Exile, will you save the galaxy or doom it?My playtime is a little low compared to how much I've actually played. That is because of two factors. First, most of the time I played off-line, before they added achievements. Second, I also played this game before I found it on Steam, so..."
,Recommended,208580,9857436,"Posted: 17 April, 2014",all,CoryStarkiller,"Forget what people have said, with the Restored Content Mod, this is not a broken game.Even ignoring that excellent mod(which you shouldn't), this game manages to having the best writing in all of the Star Wars fiction. The characters, their motives and personalities, along with an excellent plot make this the most enjoyable part of the Star Wars universe.All the other games, comics, shows, movies, etc. all assume that The Force is unquestionably the way to live your life. KOTOR2 dares to challenge this idea, and ask if The Force should even continue to exist at all.The characters all represent the lengths to how far we are willing to go to get what we want, good or bad. They also show how people cope with tragic events.If you even remotely like Star Wars, you should play this game."
,Recommended,208580,19084762,"Posted: 14 November, 2015",all,Peetzz,"This game is 10 years old as of this review. First played it 7 years ago, and until now, it's still a gem <3Best star wars game ever. When will they create kotor 3?EDIT:So far, I've only encountered 1 crash incident, and no bugs found so far. Though I have noticed that, in higher resolutions, areas of the game would just be 'blue'.And this is the first time I played M4-78... Kudos to the modding team that did it."
76561197978562969,Recommended,208580,30340826,Posted: 5 March,all,Mulliriot,"With the restored content mod, this is probably my favorite Star Wars game. Graphics, gameplay, sound etc. are all pretty out-dated, but the characters are excellent, story is engaging, and the RPG - mechanics solid. Kotor I and II both capture, IMO, the feel of the old movies, with great relatable characters and humor and so on, but still manage to do their own thing with the story. Plus, there's the dark side playthrough, which isn't completely independent, but still manages to feel different, like Mass Effect. Saying more would spoil much, I'll just say the player kills a lot more people as DS. The player also gets a different party member for light and dark, as well as another one for male and female main. There's a fair bit of replayability, especially if you love Star Wars. Also, there's a DA: Origins type influence system for party members, with serious rewards if played right.It's pretty epic, I played it through maybe a dozen time when it came out, so my laudatory review might be tinged with nostalgia. Still, seeing an old favorite on steam, with a patch released some ten years after the original game came out, with workshop support of all things - as well as the fact, that the game is stable technically, and plays fine on Win 10, make it an excellent look into what a classic game of the sixth generation was like. Something of a testing ground for Dragon Age and Mass Effect, which stormed the industry, while Kotor turned into an MMO. Kind of sad, really.No voice-acting for the player character, dated graphics, and wonky controls aside, it's a great buy. Also, the bit in the beginning on the mining station goes on for some three hours, but after that, the story starts to open up.Warmly recommended for story, characters and writing."
76561198166620870,Recommended,208580,26155760,"Posted: 21 October, 2016",all,DontBlink +_- UrDead,"Obsidian made it so it's obviously better than the first, especially now that is has the restored content mod built right in the Steam version plus controller support, HD fix for 16:9 ratio (widescreen) which the first one still doesn't have - unless you go out and look for it.Darker, more mature story and better developed characters with new force powers and weapons!Check it out."
76561198300239399,Recommended,208580,22801235,"Posted: 4 May, 2016",all,william.sitnin,"Moody and philosophical, brilliantly written and filled with multi-layered characters, immersive and emotionally involving, Knights of the Old Republic 2 is a fantastic game and one of the best stories in the Star Wars universe.It has its share of flaws - the gameplay is rather dull, level design repetitive, graphics outdated even at the time of release. It was also originally released in an incomplete form, but this has since been fixed by a group of dedicated fan who created the The Sith Lords Restored Content Modification. Despite all the flaws, the game succeeds in what matters - sending the player on a memorable journey and leaving such an impact that all these years after its release I still can't get enough of it.Hopefully, one day it will get a sequel it deserves."
76561198079839727,Recommended,208580,32483951,Posted: 16 June,all,Traus Blade,This is one of the best games I have ever played. For me it is better than TES V Skyrim and Fallout 4. I got it maybe 5 years ago and I still am playing it when I can.
,Recommended,208580,10012169,"Posted: 3 May, 2014",all,Chicago Falcon,"After having this sit in my inventory for months and being bugged to play it by my friends, I finally gave it a shot. I am not a fan of this type of combat system, where i'm just clicking hotkeys but I still found myself immensely enjoying the game, as well as (eventually) the combat once I figured it out halfway through the game. I played the game really lazily at first, just automatically levelling all my characters up. I actually played for ten hours as a light side Jedi before I got angry at Kreia and started over as the dark side. The first thing i noticed in playing it, is how similar the first Mass Effect is to it. I love Mass Effect so I appreciated playing its ancestor and there are a lot of similarities to appreciate. I loved the whole inventory system and how much loot you could find. The locations felt similar to mass effect and even the sound of passing space craft on the citadal station over telos sounds like they used the same sound in mass effect. Like I said, I played this game very lazily...i eventually figured out the levelling system and how everything worked after I decided to pay attention half way through. I spent most of the game trying to figure out ways to make Kreia angry, so I was rude to her every chance I could get. I had also started over after running into the jedi on Telos who irritated me so much with their haughty ways I decided to go full dark side. No regrets, even after selling a kid into slavery and convincing a guy to committ suicide within a few minutes of each other. There are obvious flaws to the game which everyone recognizes and I soon came to discover...its buggy, it seems unfinished, the ending (at least for the darkside) felt lacking. It is still a great game, however, primarily because of the story. I don't really need to go into much detail here...its an old game, everyone knows how great this story is. And by the end, I was laughing at myself for basically role-playing my dark jedi IRL by having all my actions decided by my irritation with Kreia and the Jedi. In short, if you haven't played this game yet, from one first-timer to another, seriously, play this game. Now I just have to play the first one."
76561197960286688,Recommended,208580,18464359,"Posted: 13 October, 2015",all,bon1q,"Good game. Classic. Wish they made another one, and not mess it up."
,Recommended,208580,22932745,"Posted: 12 May, 2016",all,Ecks dee xd,They don't make them these good anymore...
76561198030871925,Recommended,208580,18915659,"Posted: 6 November, 2015",all,Daigotsu,"Amazing game with a very dark, nuanced, and ultimately fascinating story.  The gameplay can be kind of ""meh"", but the story more than makes up for it.  You really need the restored content mod to make the most of this game, though."
,Recommended,208580,15604586,"Posted: 28 April, 2015",all,BeepBeepBoop,"EDIT: YES! Years later has been updated, and given even more replayability. We have 4K and 5K resolution support, Steam Workshop and controller support. Slice mercenaries and crush Jedi or Sith alike in new, glorious 4K resolution; using your xbox controller in a completely restored game.""Apathy is death.""""Explanation: Statiscally, overplanning the assassination of a Jedi seems to backfire.""This game will not give you black or white options. It will play with morality, and you will question Force ethics. Explore a simple, interesting and active storyline, hunted by Sith and memories of your exile, forge your path protecting the Jedi teachings, or eliminate the Jedi remnants, and become the greatest Sith in the universe.Download the restored content mod for full fantasic incredible experience !"
,Recommended,208580,17161850,"Posted: 21 July, 2015",all,Vitriolvox,Easily the best Star Wars story and game that I have ever had the  fortune of experiencing. The only thing holding it back was the fact that the game had been cut short due to time restrictions but with the restored content mod it makes the game 4x more enjoyable than previously. If you like RPG'S and Star Wars it's a must buy but it's recommended to play KOTOR I first.
,Recommended,208580,22826367,"Posted: 6 May, 2016",all,thegreatmustapha,"It is an RPG, a star wars game, works fine with win 10 64bit, its on sale....I mean what are you waiting for? Buy it"
76561198086236467,Recommended,208580,12433137,"Posted: 10 October, 2014",all,Airianna,"Took me about 57 hours to complete the light side run... My enjoyment is the story line, however, how many times can you run the story line before it's time to move on?Win 7 doesn't seem to like the game too well. As known, it does like to ""freeze"" the character in place after battles, and on occation also jumps conversations and cut scenes... Minor fixes was to include all processors in the system manager, and set it's priority to high, Then make it compatable with Win 98/XP.For the dark side run, will be attempting to drop some dlls for DirectX 9.0c with it, as that seems to smooth out other older games as well. The reason for this, is the game was indeed not meant to run on DX 11, so a few modifications will be needed, and I believe this to be one of them...Again, a free roaming version of the game, that doesn't really end would be an awsome addition to the collection, for the modern systems. I have a game I keep going back to, cause I can mod it, and even if you finnish the game, you can go back to all the places you had been for more if you so desire."
76561198004689691,Recommended,208580,28353314,"Posted: 13 December, 2016",all,Rage,"A true classic x2+ Pretty much the same combat system the previous game used.+ A good story.+ Decisions that effect the outcome of the game. Lots of replayablity.+ Things can get dark!+ Good characters, good voice acting.+ Some characters make a return.+ Dual sword wielding Wookies are OP.+ Not a very hard game, I think anyone could enjoy it.+ Decent graphics compared to the previous game.+ Stable, no real play-ability issues.+ Improved interface vs previous game.All these are pretty minor annoyances:- Can be troublesome to change your battle options.- Combat can be a little wonky when you want to coordinate multiple characters during fights.TLDR;Did you like the previous game? Well this one is actually better in every way. Strap on your favorite kicks because you have a universe to save or destroy."
76561198069581045,Recommended,208580,23957407,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,Gx_Overdose,"Of course I recommend this - it is one of the best single player games I have ever played in my life! The story is absolutely fantastic and it runs like a dream on PC. Also, if you download the right mods, the game doesn't even look half bad (especially for an original XBOX game!) 10/10 Please buy and have the time of your life :D"
76561198130455702,Recommended,208580,35088889,Posted: 20 September,all,Urizen,It has been a while since i have played a game where i dont notice time fly. Kotor 2 manages exactly that. Good game.
,Recommended,208580,25101492,"Posted: 23 August, 2016",all,Roxas,"Star Wars: Knights of the Old Republic 2 is a tough nut to crack in terms of a good review.The game was released too early and so there are still broken missions, to this day. It was also meant to be a build up for a third installment, which never came due to EA's Star Wars: The Old Republic which (and by trying to spoil as little as possible) leaves you with an incredibly bitter after taste when the credits roll after Knights of the Old Republic 2.And yet, I replay it at least once a year and have done so since its release. Even though this sequal to the classic is a lot lazier in terms of character substance and campaign.So, what is it that takes us back to this unfinished sequal of, what I think is, one of the best RPG's ever made?Star Wars: Knights of the Republic 2 goes dark. There is no better way of saying it. While its predecessor let you choose the Dark Side for the sake of sadistic fun, Kotor 2 shows you what the force really is, and how little it means in the end to be a Jedi or a Sith.I recall a particular moment, very simular to many from the first game, where a beggar comes up to you and ask for money. Choosing the Light Side option as I normally do, my Jedi gave the beggar a few credits and sent him on his merry way. I was given a few Light Side points for my kindness.Then, a wild Treya appears.Treya is an enigma, and the very first character you meet in the game. She will keep a close eye on you, be you Light side or Dark and right there, she shows you a vision of the man, and how he walks off to get himself a meal. She tells you that every action has its consiquence, followed by your vision of the man being robbed, and murdered. You gave him the money. You made him a target.And this is the excellence of Star Wars: Knights of the Old Republic 2. It goes further than option one and option two. This game will test you, not only as a player, but as a person. It has its bugs, to the points that it actually needs a MOD to even be playable on some machines, but if you get it running, and if you have the time to put into it, I strongly recomend this game.To me, this is not only one of the very best RPG's, but one of the very finest storylines ever written.May the force be with you."
76561198080737278,Recommended,208580,34891489,Posted: 11 September,all,Bughini,"Arguably my favorite game of all time. I played it for the first time on the Xbox when I was maybe 9 years old after completing the first game. It always had a darker, more desparate undetone than the first and as a kid I never appreciated that. If you're looking for a Star Wars game that feels like something out of a horror movie, buy this. You have a constant feeling of being hunted, you don't know where your enemy is, and unlike a lot of games, your choices do, for the most part, matter (looking at you credits guy on Nar Shaddaa.) You learn a lot about the Jedi philosophy and their shortcomings as a whole as well as Revan.It's a very fun game that has tons of replay value.10/10"
76561198029093963,Recommended,208580,26341230,"Posted: 31 October, 2016",all,laudal,"tWell first thing first i wil set this review up as i did with the first kotor game and they will be a little similar.before we start , compared to kotor 1 i played or tried to play wholly as the light side. If i did get some dark point a re-loaded an earlier savefile of the game , witch i wont do on my second go.Pro- Great gameplay. With some minor improvement like easy change of melee and ranged even tough i mainly used melee on my MC , also the add off different forces/styles.- Great soundtrack music- Darker in setting or tone the kotor 1. Witch also makes for a darker plot. ( But i probably prefer the original due to a little better pacing ,but is entirely objective/subjective or whatever the say- Overall better and more interesting characters imo and villain .- Again a great rpg with a lot of choices you can make , however the ending you get seems to be dependant on your choice in the end fo the game.-You can play it at you own pace, it starts out linear, but eventually you get 4 planets you can choose to explore and take on in what order you want ,also able to go back an forth.- Just hard enough , even tough the bosses is pretty hard.- Replay value.Cons: However there is some cons here compared to the original, i had problem with the mouse freezing right after cutescens so be sure to save regularly. But it seems too vary very much on people and there probably some fixes for it out there. Also looting from container and especially on npc sometimes i had to loot from a specific angel.- one of the places you visits feel to drag on a little and so does the last location your at.Also i recommend you to use the restoration content modGreat game a little bit worse then the original due to it cons how ever if it was for cons it would be very tight. It would basically be plot vs characters an tone/setting of the game ,a darker star wars or not as dark."
,Recommended,208580,23807527,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,xGrIzZoN,"Yes, Yes and Yes."
76561198042166157,Recommended,208580,15682173,"Posted: 4 May, 2015",all,SouthernNinja,"By and far the best Star Wars RPG I've ever played. Amazing, immersive story and hundreds of different ways to play the game. You'll definitely keep coming back for more. And as soon as you start getting bored, throw some mods in there."
,Recommended,208580,10231267,"Posted: 25 May, 2014",all,MarcosFelipe94,"Exactly like the first one, hours of fun with mods to make your gameplay the best.The story is also perfect, when you finish this you will dont stop thinking what the heck happened to Revan when he went to Unknown Regions? he really met the true sith empire something like that? is he dead? is the exile going to find him? i had these questions in 2006 ~ 2007 when i played my first timewell if you have the answers it's because you already played Star Wars: The Old Republic.10/10 !"
76561198174780033,Recommended,208580,22801313,"Posted: 4 May, 2016",all,Solarsonist,"Loved this game. The sheer amount of content in this game has made me play it several times through, and I've enjoyed it every time.WARNING: IF YOU BUY THIS GAME, YOU MAY NEVER SEE THE LIGHT OF DAYI rate 10/10, because this game was such a good experience for me that many other single player RPG's make me cringe."
76561198309462958,Recommended,208580,24770819,"Posted: 7 August, 2016",all,superchefjoe,Favorite game of all time!!
,Recommended,208580,18734317,"Posted: 28 October, 2015",all,Knickerweasels,"It has Atton Rand, what more do you want in a game?10/10Edit: I mean it's likely you want it to be fun, or that it should at least launch, in which case this is not the game for you. But, hey,Atton."
76561198353837275,Recommended,208580,34298376,Posted: 16 August,all,Jaxs1016,"thank you devs for this awesome game, i have no words to express how amazing this game is......bought it last night and can't stop playing it.STAR WARS Knights of the Old Republic II: The Sith Lords is even better than the 2017 released Crap Effect Andromeda by BIOWARE."
,Recommended,208580,18726448,"Posted: 28 October, 2015",all,Mz. Hyde,"Because this game obviously needs more praise, I'll throw my two cents on it. Honestly, after having played many modern games these days, KOTOR2 was a great game to come back to. A lot of contemporary RPG games, even those by Bioware, have various issues these days, so I'm going throw out a bunch of points as to what made this game amazing, and even more so now that everyone can easily install and use the Restored Content mod. Because I tend to be wordy, I'll have a TLDR list below.The DnD System: The DnD system implemented in the KOTOR games really does it a great service. Unlike real DND, you don't have to wait 10-15 minutes to hopefully hit something, it all happens quickly. You can even view the detailed rolls for previous combats in great detail, whether they be about enemy or friend. (So you happen to know if it's even possible for you to land a debuff on an enemy.) The movement controls could certainly be tightened up to feel more responsive, as there's a short delay when telling a character to attack, but the slower real time system is far more enjoyable for me than the super fast paced action RPGs that seem more common today. Because it runs at a slower pace, it's far easier to take in the battles, even when a lot is happening at once. There's far less flash and particle effects during the battles than most Action RPGs these days, but I think the game is better for it.Customization Daydream: So much in this game can be tinkered to your liking. You want your wise Jedi Mentor to suddenly just be a sharpshooter? You can level her like that. Probably won't be as powerful, but can certainly be done. There's a wealth of items to make your character fit your style, weapons and armor that can be customized, plenty of feats and force powers. They also added the Seven Lightsaber forms (and Force forms) so you can further adapt to a situation or confine yourself to a certain style. Sad thing is the only real lack of customization is in the character appearance itself, but it also wasn't an industry standard back then.Gray(t) Story: Excusing the awful pun, the story is excellent. It might be difficult to grasp the first time around, depending on your experience with the Expanded Universe or other Star Wars games, but there's a lot going on. Where many Star Wars games tend to play things pretty black and white, especially when it comes to Light Side and Dark Side, this game examines the major elements of Star Wars lore differently. Characters don't always scold you for an action they disagree with if you can back it up with solid reasoning. The choices in this game are wonderful and can lead you to some pretty interesting alternate solutions to getting through a part of the story. This is also one of the non-linear RPGs that I feel doesn't suffer from pacing issues. Games like Dragon Age 3 for example, let me go where I want as well, but I can sometimes just hit a point where what I'm doing doesn't feel as important, so I lose focus and interest. KOTOR2 however does good at keeping major objectives there at all times, large and small ones.Pros-Fantastic Customization of characters and gear.-Wonderful writing featuring compelling characters and tight pacing.-Active-Time-Battle-like gameplay that is enhanced by the wonderful animations. Uses a DnD dice system for most things in the game.-High Replayability since many different builds and conversation choices can lead to some vastly different experiences.-Not your traditional save the galaxy story.Cons-Clunky movement of character and camera. Will take some time to adjust if you're used to modern games.-The music isn't very memetic. The dynamic music the games tries to utilize doesn't flow very well in places.-Can be very difficult in places if you aren't properly prepared.-You'll begin to really loathe the first level if you replay the game a lot and don't mod it out.-Not your traditional save the galaxy story. (Not for you if you're looking to be the undisputed good guy who does no wrong.)So that's KOTOR 2 to me. I would recommend this game certainly and highly recommend it with the Restored Content Mod. It might not be as fast and flashy, your character may not be voice acted, and it might be a little confusing at times. But if you're a fan of Star Wars, Bioware games, or are just looking for a story that isn't so traditional, KOTOR 2 will keep bringing you back to that galaxy far far away."
,Recommended,208580,19668853,"Posted: 12 December, 2015",all,*=IMA=*ALPHA17,"This game... This game = SO MUCH WIN.The review might be slightly drawn out and rambly but do try to read it through. Else, putting the TL: DR version here, Buy this game, right now. On any platform you prefer, STEAM, GoG, physical.Follow up to a critically acclaimed RPG by BIOWARE from over a decade back, the original release was severely cut down from the original vision that OBSIDIAN had in mind. Nevertheless the game was strong in its own right and deservedly so.It picked up and iterated on almost every point that BIOWARE had explored in the original, the most obvious being,1) DIALOGUE: The game improves on this point the most, sure BIOWARE had put in decent dialogue and writing in the original KoTOR but OBSIDIAN's work is a class apart. There are more dialogue options informed by a range of variables apart from the Speech skill of your character. Your standing and influence with factions / characters can get them to divulge information without having to have a superior Speech / Persuade / Force Persuade roll.2) CHARACTERS: Having been treated to a basic Light Side, Dark Side struggle in the original KoTOR (with a single exception), the player is treated to a more nuanced fare of characters in the follow up game. Sure there are still the tropes but the depth of character play has certainly been explored better in KoTOR II. Your influence over party characters can not only open more character interaction options but confers certain benefits on them when they align with your world view.3) COMBAT: Something as simple as adding another set of weapon slots to make it easier to switch between melee and ranged support roles.A great game, released a decade ago and still a damn fine game especially with the Restoration MOD guys adding a lot of cut content back inside the title, you can find the content here,http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=485537937.Would highly recommend every RPG player to check out the title if just to see where the standards of role-playing were once and how far they have fallen, also, the dedication of a community to raise a flawed star to its fullest potential."
,Recommended,208580,14292499,"Posted: 1 February, 2015",all,tieio,Pretty much one of the best games ever made. Not much else needs to be said.
76561198088963063,Recommended,208580,32160455,Posted: 3 June,all,Hipi07,"Even better than the first one with the Restored Content mod, absolutely do not hesitate to get this game and a lot of the fantastic mods available for it. It might look outdated but believe me it absolutely is not, the KOTOR series towers above so many other franchises.Just finished my first playthrough and I'm already excited to start my full blown dark side playthrough."
,Recommended,208580,16352390,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,DWYCK,"This game is amazing and everyone should play this.  The amount of quests and interaction you can do with your companions is outstanding.  The story is amazing with or without the mod, and if you are a HUGE star wars fan like i am then you will enjoy this game."
,Recommended,208580,26623329,"Posted: 15 November, 2016",all,victorzvyagin,"Simply  Put- Queen of RPGs-  more intense  and   complex story than first one, bigger stakes,  And  the Gameplay?Even further  Evolved , due to inclusion  of  character - related  buffs (i.e.the Force  Bond Between one of the companions and You,quick healing and/or  meditation based onyour Choices with  some of the Companionsand  Lots of  advantageous feats.  More   Perks- More Force Powers-  Gameplay perfected for a Turn-Based   RPG!Funny Thing is- I don't even Like ""pure Non-action""  RPGs."
,Recommended,208580,21115837,"Posted: 10 February, 2016",all,Cruithne,Better than TFA
76561198277766810,Recommended,208580,30976433,Posted: 6 April,all,Kyr'bes,A darker counterpart of the original KotOR.It takes place 5 years after the first game and vastly improves the story of the Old Republic era!
76561198148128796,Recommended,208580,17928227,"Posted: 7 September, 2015",all,Jace7210,█▀▀ㅤ █ ㅤ █ㅤ █ㅤ █ㅤ▀▀█▀▀ㅤㅤ█ㅤ █ㅤ █▀▀▄▀▀█ㅤ█▀▀█ㅤ █ㅤ █ㅤ ㅤ █ㅤㅤㅤ █ ㅤ █ㅤ █ ㅤ █▀▀▀ㅤ▀ ㅤ▀ㅤ ▀▀▀▀ㅤㅤ ▀ㅤㅤ ㅤ ▀▀▀▀ㅤ █▀▀ㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤ▄▀▀▄ㅤ█▀▀▄ㅤ █▀▀▄ㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤ█▄▄█ㅤ█ ㅤ █ㅤ█ ㅤ █ㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤ█ㅤ █ㅤ█ ㅤ █ㅤ█▄▄▀─────███────██──────████───███────────████──███─────────████─█████████████──██████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████─────█████████████████────────██████████──█───────────█████──────────────████──────────────█────────▄███████▄██───███▄▄──▄▄███──────▄██$█████$██▄██──█▀───▀███────█───▄██$█████████$██▄██──█───█──██───█─█──█$█████████████$███──█──────██─────█──███████████████████──██────██▀█───█─────██████████████─█───██████──▀████───────███████████──────────────────█───────█████████─────────────▀▀████──────███████████────────────────█▀──────██───████▀─▀█────────────────▀█──────█─────▀█▀───█──▄▄▄▄▄▄▄────────██────█───████▀───██─█████████████────▀█──█───███▀──▄▄██─█▀██▀██▀████▀█████▀──█───██████▀─▀█─█────────█▄─────────██───████▀───██─██▄████▄──██────────██───██──▄▄▄██──██▄▄▄▄▄██▀─────────██──█████▀───█─────────███────────███████▄────███────────███████─────█████████████───────▄██████████████████████████████─██████████████████─────────██████████████────────███████████───────█████──────████─────████ㅤ ㅤ ㅤ ㅤ ㅤ ▀▀█▀▀ㅤ█▀▀█ㅤ█ㅤ▄█ㅤ█▀▀ㅤㅤ ㅤㅤ ㅤ ㅤㅤ█ ㅤㅤ█▄▄█ㅤ█▀▀▄ ㅤ█▀▀ㅤ ㅤ ㅤ ㅤ ㅤ ㅤ ▀ㅤ ㅤ▀ㅤ ▀ㅤ▀ㅤㅤ▀ㅤ▀▀▀█▀▄▀█ㅤ█ ㅤ █ㅤ ㅤ█▀▄▀█ ▄▀▀▄ █▀▀▄ █▀▀ █ ㅤ █ㅤ██─▀─█ㅤ█▄▄█ㅤㅤ █─▀─█ █ ㅤ █ █ ㅤ █ █▀▀ █▄▄█ㅤ██ㅤㅤ █ㅤ▄▄▄█ㅤ ㅤ█ㅤㅤ█ ─▀▀ ─ ▀ ㅤ ▀ ▀▀▀ ▄▄▄█ㅤ▄
,Recommended,208580,25491207,"Posted: 13 September, 2016",all,mischivousmic,Great game but I hit a game ending glitch pretty far in and I hit it from every back up save too :/I put a lot of time and effort into that character and I'm too butt hurt about the glitch to start a new one for a while.
76561197967488410,Recommended,208580,20574694,"Posted: 16 January, 2016",all,GreySuit,"Deep, Compelling, Immersive, Philosophical, Controversial, Unfinished: Past Its Flaws,The Sith Lordsis a Great GameDate of Review: January 16, 2016(Note: This game was played withThe Sith LordsRestored Content Modification available from the Steam workshop and no other modifications.)DevelopingThe Sith Lords, the 2004 sequel to Bioware's excellentKnights of the Old Republic, was undoubtedly an ambitious task for Obsidian Entertainment. Not only was it their first full undertaking, but also the sequel to an extremely memorable and enjoyable game in one of the most famous settings ever created. Sadly, the final product was a rushed production with a notorious amount of cut content, having had only 13 months of development before going gold thanks to LucasArts' infamous decision to hurry the game to market for the 2004 holiday season.I had never playedThe Sith Lordsup until recently. I playedKnightsmultiple times in the past, loving its story and gameplay, but never its sequel. And now having played it, I feel that there are tragic signs that the game never realizes its full potential, even with the restored cut content, but I also feel that it surpasses its predecessor in several ways.MechanicsThe Sith Lordsemploys the Odyssey engine and d20 system from the first game, effectively translatingDungeons & Dragonsconcepts to the setting of blasters and lightsabers. Combat is real time with pause and although there are a few oddities and annoyances, I always felt that the combat worked mostly well. The game's item crafting and upgrade system is decent, and thankfully so, as almost all the items you will find are randomly generated, including merchant stocks, and you will need to upgrade your gear to remain competitive.Special note needs to be given to the influence system. Depending on your actions, you can gain influence with your companions and thereby earn their respect, change their alignments, learn more about them, and even train some of them in the Force. The system has significant flaws, as it tends to encourage gamey tactics in order to maximize your influence points. It is also undermined by the fact that you cannot have more than two companions with you at a time, making it nearly impossible to influence everyone in any singular playthrough and restricting access to some parts of the story. However, watching your companions follow you to the Light Side or to the Dark Side is very cool.What is a Jedi without his lightsaber? Without his powers? Without the Force?The background story of theThe Sith Lordsis far more ominous than its predecessor. Darth Revan has left the known galaxy for mysterious reasons. Civil war has crippled the Republic. And the Jedi, relentlessly hunted by a new wave of Sith assassins, are nearing extinction. Yet, your character, despite being a Jedi, has been divorced from these events right up until the game's beginning.You are an exile from the Jedi Order, who condemned your actions in the Mandalorian Wars and ordered you to give up your lightsaber. Furthermore, you somehow lost your connection to the Force. However, it begins to return.Thus you embark on not just a physical journey, but a spiritual and philosophical journey. Delightfully, you are given the opportunity to opine on the nature of the Force and are encouraged to decide for yourself whose teachings are right, whose are wrong, and if the Force has a destiny for everyone or if your fate is one of your own choosing. In many ways, this game is a successor toPlanescape: Tormentand it all but explicitly asks ""What can change the nature of a man?""It is not your typicalStar Warsstory. And here, that is fantastic.The game has excellent dialogue and many times gives you a plethora of dialogue options. Overall strong voice acting and writing permeates this title and nearly every character has depth far surpassing their counterparts from the first game. Admittedly, the writing does have its share of inconsistencies and the story has its issues, including a series of somewhat unsatisfying retcons regarding Darth Revan's motivations and the ""True Sith,"" which cheapens the value ofThe Sith Lordsas a continuation ofKnights.  But when the story and writing are at their best, it is wonderful and makes up for nearly every weakness this game has.Do you consider yourself a Jedi? A Sith? Or something else entirely?I was very charmed by the fact that you can play a character that adheres strongly to the Light Side, the Dark Side, or one that rejects both the Jedi and Sith orthodoxies and still arguably be justified in your choice. It is so much more interesting to have genuine motivations for your actions rather than a superficial veneer of rationalizations and this game succeeds at providing such motivations. The character I played prior to this review generally showed charity, courtesy, and hospitality to those around me, but I also decided to exterminate the remaining Jedi masters and constantly criticize the Jedi Order for its many hypocrisies. It was deliciously heretical.Although I love that this game readily permits, and sometimes encourages, toeing the line between Light and Dark, I was a bit disappointed at how it can lock you out of some content. While I could forsake the alignment specific prestige classes, I was far more annoyed that there was a level on Korriban that required a strong alignment commitment, thus prohibiting my only mildly Dark Side-aligned character's entry, and that the ending of the game is merely dependent on how devoted you are to the Light Side or Dark Side rather than on any given choice. I'll also note that I was stopped short of completely and utterly denouncing the usual conception of the Force as having specific Light and Dark natures rather than emphasizing the value of an individual's choices and actions, perhaps because there was still an expectation you would ultimately pick a side. Nevertheless, I enjoyed this run and the game is very replayable.Beset by Unfinished Content, Blemished by a Weak Ending and BugsAlthough almost any game will have its weakness, this game's are pretty prominent. One of the most noticeable was some wildly varying level design quality alongside a relative lack of content in some areas. For instance, Onderon had many sidequests, many locations, and an interesting plotline with many remarkable characters. But Nar Shaddaa and especially Malachor V have some lifeless and rather poorly designed environments. And Korriban was almost pathetically short. The ending of the game's story can also be disappointing, as it refocuses on the aforementioned retcons and takes away choice from you regarding what your character does next. While it was supposed provide a sequel hook, it feels cheap. In a way, it feels like some parts of this game were never fully finished.I also encountered some bugs, including graphical glitches on some of the player character models and some pathfinding oddities. There was also a bug where dialogue would start constantly skipping if I didn't close and reopen the program around every two hours. Massive praise must be given to the people behind the Restored Content Modification for crushing so many other bugs, but the presence of the ones I found still speaks of an abridged quality control effort due to the rush to get to market back in 2004.Summa SummarumFor all its problems and unrealized potential, I really liked this game. I liked it for its story, its characters, its willingness to confront some of the normally sacred concepts of theStar Warssetting, and most of all, its fantastic writing. So long as one enjoys RPGs, is cognizant of this game's flaws, and can appreciate its complexity and subtleties, I strongly recommend this game."
76561198059341978,Recommended,208580,26111876,"Posted: 19 October, 2016",all,Bork Laser,restored my faith in video games
76561198177907623,Recommended,208580,34673684,Posted: 1 September,all,Hideo,"This game blew away the first game in many aspects, but i still perfer the KOTOR 1 story more. This game is so much fun and the story lasts a very long time, this game doesnt require a beast computer and has mods to ""enhance"" your playthrough.Don't use any mods on your first playthrough expect the widescreen UI fix in the steam workshop. (it looks so much better)This game light/dark side decisions actually matter and make a difference, as well as the dark/light side moments happen way more often, this game has many relationships your character can have both male and female ;)I was really sad when the game finished because i wanted to keep playing as it was such a great game and has a lot more replayability than the first game.I strongly recomend this game to anybody who (even if you dont like starwars) for the love of RPG's (btw i dont play any other RPG's than the KOTOR's *So far*) but i think these games will get me into RPG'sLigit 10/10"
,Recommended,208580,33978846,Posted: 2 August,all,Visigorkz,"One of the best (if not the best) Star Wars games, really cheap and full of lore, loyal to the universe of Star Wars."
,Recommended,208580,30337474,Posted: 5 March,all,CHILL,DEEP storydecent RPGgreat dialoguelightsabers
76561198032877737,Recommended,208580,32884745,Posted: 27 June,all,Paolo,"Let's start this review by saying this is one of the best RPG of all time, from back in the days where RPGs were done right, with proper dice rolls and level up mechanics. Not the watered down Action/Adventure style of modern days.I played this way over a decade ago and even in the rushed out version (without the Restored Content Mod) it was almost as good as KOTOR1After so many years my original windows copy would not even be able to start without crashing, so I wondered for a while to get a Steam version, but I was worried that after all this time, the outdated graphics would turn me off.But when I realized that the KOTOR2 Steam version, (unlike KOTOR1) is sort of a remastered version with widescreen, higher resolutions and xbox controller compatibility (which was always odd to me why both KOTORs didn't have it since they are console ports) paired up with a dirt cheap price made me decide to get it just to have it in my library....was I in for a treat......after installing a few mods: Restored Content Mod is a must, also TLS Backdrop Improvements and M4-78 Enhancement Project add content and better visuals... then a few reskins and armors.Playing this on a big screen with controller, console style, was very enjoyable even just in the Prologue and early stages on the Peragus Mining Facility which is by far the dullest part of the game since you are just discovering what happened and you don't even have a lightsaber!Well 6 hours later at about 5 am I was still investigating what happened and I didn't put the controller down till I killed HK-50 just like I did 12 years ago...and this time I really wanted to experience him on my team...but once again the impulse to kill him took over... aaah the anger...Bottom line: if you played it a long time ago, it's definitely worth going back to memory lane especially if you never experienced the added content, if you never played it and you like RPGs this is a must play to remind you what an RPG should be like. And yes the outdated graphics were completely offset by an engaging story and great RPG mechanics."
76561198028271602,Recommended,208580,26915299,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,BobbyBlue,A great game with alot of replay time.
76561197971466997,Recommended,208580,13604514,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,laserboy,"A hugely rewarding, deeply engrossing experience almost ten years on from release. This is my second time all the way through (first time on the xbox) back in 2004/2005.The best thing about KOTOR 2 is the writing, and the characters. It is deeper, and definitely darker (but perhaps with more profound moments of light and redemption due to contrast), than the first KOTOR. As expected the game looks a little out of date, but the sound, voice acting, and as mentioned, excellent story carry things along very nicely. The presentation is really quite cinematic, with nice pacing, good use of dramatic pause, and a poignancy that is rare in computer games.It is an excellent RPG to play driven by your own moral compass etc, intentionally selecting and ignoring the threads to form your character, and party relationships. This is a MASSIVE part of the game, and in many ways is far more interesting than the grinding and combat etc (which is fine, and quite entertaining). Some of the outcomes of choices are a little tired/naff/obvious. For example there are so many problems ultimately solved with violence etc, but hey it's star wars and a computer game... what can I really expect! On the whole the dialogue and outcomes are very enjoyable, especially as you come to understand the personas and motivations of the party members, and learn to pick the threads that yield the best reactions.I highly recommend installing the missing content patch, which is now very clean and tidy, and adds considerably to the experience and sense of completeness. That said it would be nice to see a clearer round up of what you acheived from your choices/acheivements in the wider universe (minor niggle).An indellible experience, and I would love some more."
,Recommended,208580,1641015,"Posted: 9 March, 2013",all,K-Boom,"Classic and good RPG, specially for Star War fans. But it's old engine, and this may causes problems: issues/crashes running on modern system. Save your game frequently.I would recommend that you also downloed the The Sith Lord Restorarion Content Mod  (TSLRCM). It restores a lot of stuff that was left out of the original game."
76561198024445349,Recommended,208580,10753067,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,Mazurkan,"This is where Star Wars gets really interesting. Sure, the first Knights of the Old Republic was a blast, but this is where everything starts to mean something. What do YOU think about the galaxy? What do YOU think about the Jedi, Sith and the force? Do you care what your companions think of your opinions? Companion influence really added another gameplay element. The mix of light and dark points with influence points makes it harder to pick dialogue options without thinking, and sometimes the moral principles of your character have to be sacrificed to gain influence with another. It's far more engaging than the last game and definitely worth playing after installing the restored content mod. Easily one of the best stories in Star Wars for me."
,Recommended,208580,15788829,"Posted: 11 May, 2015",all,Superior,Is the sequel of the Knights of the Old Republic+ Great storyline+ Offers you the possibility to make decisions+ Doesn't require to have played the previous game+ Decent graphics+ Exciting- No fullscreen at higher resolutions.
,Recommended,208580,14804651,"Posted: 8 March, 2015",all,pepsimanvsjoe,"Do I recommend the Sith Lords? Of course I recommend the Sith Lords! Why wouldn't I? It's one of the best Star Wars games ever made. It has fantastic characters, great dialogue, and an excellent story. Also it................it broke my heart.STAR WARS(R): Knights of the Old Republic(tm) II has bugs coming out of every exhaust port. I've had important conversations ruined by glitches, a blank screen during climatic battles, the Exile getting stuck for several seconds at a time unless I enable vsync(??). Worst of all, after 29+ hours, when I was at the doorstep of the finale, all of my saves stopped working. All I wanted to do was take a break to eat lunch. LUNCH! What's wrong with lunch? Does lunch lead to the dark side?! Hunger leads to crashing, crashing leads to anger, anger leads to hate, hate leads to...oh my gosh. It's true!I'm not saying it could happen to you, but it happened to me. I spent nearly 30 hours on this game, and I couldn't even finish it. What a piece of garbage.---KILL ALL THE STORM BEASTS----------------SPOILERS AHEAD------------------Now that we've gotten the nasty business out of the way, let's discuss the actual game.PLOT: You are the Exile, a fallen Jedi seeking answers. Along the way you are mentored by the mysterious Kreia. Eventually you recruit the motliest of crews, attempt to restore the jedi order; while killing hundreds of alien creatures, space bandits, and Sith assassins.Let's look at the basic structure of the game. KOTOR2 is an RPG, which tends to involve exploration, stats, equipment, and an emphasis on story. The most important aspect is that you're playing an active role. As the Exile, you make numerous decisions, which can affect the storyline in various ways. Going further, the decisions you make influence your party-members. Do something they agree with, your influence over them grows, and eventually they'll answer your questions about their past. This is a relatively low-key game. At times it almost feels like detective work, and not the usual lightsabers & blasters extravaganza (though there is plenty of that).Also, as with the previous entry, the decisions you make determine whether you think like a Jedi, or a Sith. What I like about this system is that it keeps you thinking. There's no silly ""let homeless people eat"" or ""kill homeless people"" decisions in this game. A jedi might carry a lightsaber, but not every situation requires one. Being selfless and using diplomacy can save lives. Even a few lies won't hurt your relationship to the light side. But don't let that stop you from threatening someone to give you a few extra credits, or force-persuading them to jump off a bridge. Giving in to the dark-side tends to be more rewarding, easier, and more entertaining. Getting light-side points requires sacrifice, which isn't something we're used to. I mean c'mon, RPGs tend to involve heroes raiding houses and stealing every last dime. How often are players going to say ""No thank you. I don't need your reward money. I'm a good guy.""? Playing an actual truly honorable person is difficult, and it involves saying things that will make players (and Kreia) really annoyed.Kreia is one of the best-written characters in a videogame. First off, she presents a third dimension to the common tale of good vs evil (or light vs dark in the case of Star Wars). She implores the Exile (and the player) to look beyond the basics of the jedi code, and seek a greater purpose. I suppose her ideals are biased, but that adds depth to her character. As you attempt to influence your party members, she indulges in her own machinations. Secondly, her nature helps keep the rest of the cast on edge. While your party members can trust you, they tend to ignore or even outright hate each other. Kreia's role as a mentor is far from what we'd expect, as she shows little respect for her allies, and will control them to achieve her ends. Also, her betrayal is exceptionally well-written. She turns on you, but it's not ""Haha! I'm a bad guy now!"" This is something that has been hinted at numerous times, and Kreia even all but spells it out to the Exile at one point.The rest of the cast, as I mentioned earlier, is fantastic. At first glance, everyone looks like a bunch of cliches. Atton Rand is the wise-cracking rogue, Bao-dur is the mechanic, HK-47 loves killing, and Han Harr is a wookie. However, everyone has lot of depth to them. This isn't to the point where it becomes overbearing. In the end, this is still the Exile's quest, but the extra care and attention given to the party-members makes them more than just ""along for the ride"". Their interjections fit their personalities, and give you something to think about when you're running from one adventure to the next.KOTOR2 gives you a lot of ideas to dwell on. This is important because the battle-system doesn't require much (if any) thought. You can put together your own party and outfit them however you want, but your strategy will rarely deviate from ""use this force power to put everyone out of commision"". The most difficult parts of the game tend to involve certain boss battles. The twi'lek twins can be a headache, unless you had the foresight to mine the cantina in Nar Shadarr before a certain event. You might also have trouble fighting Darth Sion in a rogue vs sith battle. Before long you realize that Sion is as dumb as he is ugly, and will gladly stand around while you plant a dozen mines for him to be lured into. An optimal player might've just made Atton a Jedi so they could awesome their way through these fights, but I messed up there.While this game focuses on its story and writing, there is a part of me that's disappointed in the lack of any real end-game or post-game content. We can ""thank"" Lucasarts for shipping KOTOR2 in such a poor state, and thank TSLRCM-group for restoring a lot of the cut content, but there's still a lack of...well...return on investments. I look at it like this, when I use a particular party-member, buy equipment for them, and raise their stats, I'm investing in them. I expect that eventually this investment will pay off. Usually the pay-off is in the form of help beating the game, defeating some super boss (like the weapons in Final Fantasy 7, the dragons in Baldur's Gate II, etc) or exploring some grand optional dungeon. When a party-member is killed off (via the story) all I'm thinking is ""Why did I invest in this loser?"" Unfortunately, there's no pay-off for investing in anyone in KOTOR2. I outfit them, invest my time by building a relationship with them, and I'm awarded nothing for my efforts. You can look at it as part of the storyline, or not important to the game, but I think it's an oversight. There were probably going to be 8 legendary Krayt Dragons for players to fight. Alas.As far as necessary complaints go, I figure the level-design deserves to be knocked around. It's mostly bland and feature-less. Also it's spaced out to the point where there's a lot of running around. I skipped a few quests just because I was sick of huffing it from one end of the planet to the other. To add to this, there's a very clear sliding scale in terms of planetary content. Telos, Nar Shadarr, and Dantooine have the most, while Dxun, Onderon, and Korriban have the least. This can be attributed to -- you guessed it -- rushed development. There are other issues as well but let's just blame it all on Lucasarts.Obsidian deserves a lot of credit. Even though this piece of junk failed on me at the worst possible time (my investments!), it's still one of the better CRPGs out there. The cut content is definitely worth checking out as well. However, you may want to be prepared for the worst. Even if you can manage to launch KOTOR2, you're never really out of the woods. It just might break your heart like it did mine."
,Recommended,208580,22946199,"Posted: 12 May, 2016",all,Toa of Gallifrey,"I rarely play a long game from start to finish more than twice, for me to do so it'd require fun gameplay and a story I felt invested in and wanted to relive. I've played Half-Life 2 (and its episodes) three times over because of how in love I fell with the story. While figuring out how to get this game to work with TSLRCM, I started playing Knights of the Old Republic again, as the opposite sex and alignment but found myself somewhat bored after Dantooine. So far, I have played Knights of the Old Republic II - The Sith Lords two full times in rapid succession and I'm roughly a third of the way through my third playthrough. To say I love this game is an understatement.The gameplay is a step up from KOTOR 1 and though I find it very enjoyable, battles can be rather bland and a bit too easy at times. The real reason to play this game is the story. However, that itself is very divisive. The Sith Lords' story is a meticulous exploration of the very basis of the Star Wars mythos: the Force. It portrays the Jedi as flawed, the Sith as broken but ultimately human (or whatever species they are) and the very concept of morality as far more complex than any of the current Star Wars canon does (admittedly I'm rather unfamiliar with the old Expanded Universe outside of these two games). This can turn off Star Wars fans just looking for a Star Wars game like KOTOR 1 that captures what makes Star Wars great. On the other hand, the mouthpiece for all these criticisms and alternative points of view is a character called Kreia who, without delving into spoilers, is... rather questionable to say the least. Though you can't convince her to change her mind, you can declare yourself in disagreement and you can defy her as you wish, or agree with her as you wish. As a Star Wars fan, I found this deconstruction of the Force to be highly enjoyable and cast the movies in a different light for me.The other characters in the game are hardly one dimensional, the weakest ones are two dimensional at worst. It's difficult to talk about what makes these characters great without delving into spoilers so I won't, but I will especially praise Atton as an example of everything a good anti-hero should be. There are a couple that return from KOTOR 1 and their presence is very welcome. Some, such as HK-47, are enjoyable as ever and developed further while others, like T3-M4, are an improvement over their KOTOR 1 incarnations.The mechanics are integrated much better with differet aspects of the game this time around. Your attributes and skills play a role in conversations and the creation of items at workbenches, the latter being itself a huge improvement over its handling in KOTOR 1. Playing as different classes and alignments creates very different experiences outside of combat. As a male Jedi Guardian/Jedi Master I played very differently than as a female Jedi Consular/Sith Weapon Master and as a female Jedi Sentinel/Jedi Watchman, for example. Where in KOTOR 1 you can play Dark Side or Light Side but really only make meaningful decisions towards the end, you're put in a spot where you have to take decisions from the start. As a Light Side player, early in Telos do I refuse this monetary reward to earn Light Side points but risk having to sell my wares to not gain Dark Side points a bit down the line? As a Dark Side player, do I challenge the Jedi Masters early on and engage in difficult fights or save all but one of them for later when I'm more powerful but make the survivors gang up on me?In conclusion, I tend to compare Episodes IV and V to KOTOR 1 and KOTOR 2. Episode IV and KOTOR 1 are the more basic Star Wars adventure. The dichotomy between good and evil is clear and doesn't really try anything new but is more easily digestible and is incredibly fun regardless. Episode V and KOTOR 2 are the more creative one but takes risks that might not be to everyone's liking. While this really isn't a good analogy as both Episode IV and V are rather easily digestible whereas KOTOR 2 is a lot harder to swallow, especially if you just come in for a sequel to KOTOR 1 in body and soul, I think it works as a comparison because one is the safer one while the other is the more daring one. Both are great on their own merits, though I personally consider the latter to be better. With this game you should come in with an open mind. If you do, I highly recommend giving it a whirl and seeing if you can get something out of it. Just please install TSLRCM and possibly M4-78EP from the Workshop, the game is incomplete without at least the former."
,Recommended,208580,22195428,"Posted: 2 April, 2016",all,Eehee,"Star Wars: KotOR II - The Sith Lordsis one of my favourite games of all time - in that way, it very much lives up to my love for its predecessor. The two tie for the #1 spot on my all-time favourite single-player game, and are cumulatively my favourite story ever, as far as I can say off the top of my head.(NOTE: TL;DR at bottom.)KotOR II is a third-person RPG game, with largely turn-based combat.Whilst I certainly have a few problems with it, I truly believe that this game (as well as KotOR) is a game that any die-hard Star WarsorRPG enthusiast need to experience.I'll break this review up into a few short segments based around the story in particular(as the most important part of this game is by far the story), and will be reviewing this from a largely biased position, as I've been a fan of this franchise for over a decade. I'm new to the whole reviewing thing too, so forgive any mistakes on my part. For those of you who are just looking for aTL;DR, here are the pros and cons:PROS-Carefully crafted story, one that manages to touch the heart of most die-hard SW fans in a very powerful way. It’s absolutely great in just about every aspect, and it does something no other game does – it paints in grey strokes about the nature of the Force, not just ‘good’ and ‘bad’.-Aesthetic and visuals hold up in the majority of places, considering its age. Just don’t look at the back of the Ebon Hawk, whatever you do. It’s certainly no stunner, however – if you’re cool with a lot of somewhat muddy textures you’ll be fine.-Fans of the first game won’t have their love for the first game cast into the dirt like a dead corpse. KotOR II respects the first game and doesn’t undermine it. On an unrelated note, the same isn’t the case with the MMO.-There’re some goddamn hilarious and exceptional characters. HK-47 kicks♥♥♥♥♥-Combat is pretty damn neat, and becomes more satisfying as you progress through the game. Not everyone will love it, though.CONS-Throughout a lot of the game, you may find yourself doing busywork that takes far too long based almost always on where you have to go. A certain mission sends you back and forth through an entire city twice, which is infuriatingly needless. Additionally, any who were a fan of the “RETURN TO EBON HAWK” feature will have to do without this time around.-There are times when your goal is not clear. The mission overview page could rely a little less on my memory, as it often lists only what I’ve done and what *will* happen, but not what I need to do.-Not all will be a fan of the UI, or the aesthetic – though personally, I like them both. There are places where textures go beyond horrific, but thankfully the majority of the game is free from that.-Thanks to Disney, the game technically isn’t canon. The most we’ve gotten in terms of that is a reference to a planet in the original game, as far as I know. I don’t know why playing non-canon stuff would be an issue, but I imagine someone out there will have a problem with it in one way or another. “Ugh, I’ve tainted myself with “extended universe” filth!”-Music can bug out and become repetitive.-Audio can fluctuate at times, forcing you to rip off your headset and smash your ‘lower volume’ key with a clenched fist.-Voice acting noticeably varies in quality. At times certain characters will suddenly sound as though they’re a different person (because it *is* a different person behind the voice). It ruins my immersion, I tell you!-Some characters could use a little love.For example, Nihilus - the guy in the skull-y looking mask - has very little established story, though what story there about him is certainly engaging.---STORY -(Don't worry, I'm not going to spoil anything.)This is the jewel of the game - again, much like its predecessor. KotOR II has a story that tugs at my heart, in no small part due to KotOR. If you want to delve into a world that’s chock full of lore surrounding the Force as well as the Star Wars universe at large, then KotOR II is the world for you.Now, as a recommendation before I go any further, the story of KotOR II is hugely complemented by the first game. Whilst it isn’t necessarily crucial to play KotOR first and KotOR II is perfectly capable of standing on its own legs, there are quite a few references to characters and the plot that won’t quite make sense, which would be a travesty in my eyes. KotOR itself, though, certainly has a story that stands better by itself than KotOR II could, as KotOR II makes references that without the existence of KotOR would make far less sense and have barely any impact.If you’re someone that takes a great interest in the Force, paying attention to key details in both games will go a long way.*Sorry for spamming “KotOR” there.The intertwined stories of the two games intimidate me, as a wishfully aspiring author.Now, whilst this opinion is subjective, I genuinely believe that the story (including the first game) lives up to the movie saga itself – an opinion I’m sure I’m to receive a lot of flak for.However, there is absolutely no doubt that the lore of KotOR II is immense, and if coupled with lore from KotOR, they far surpass the lore in the saga – I suspect that nearly all who’ve taken their time with this game(s) will agree with me.There is little I can say about the story without spoiling it, so I can really only recommend that you experience it for yourself. The ‘protagonist’ of the full story is to this day my favourite character in anything. Yes, I even like them more than the likes of Vader, Master Chief and Solid Snake. (to be fair I’ve only played a bit of Metal Gear.)Perhaps that’s because I was a lot younger when I first played KotOR, but I stand by my love for the protagonist.PLOT:The plot of KotOR II keeps the pace going and cuts off loose ends from KotOR, resulting in a very tidy story, with a small few exceptions – important questions that the more curious players may have asked themselves in the first game have been answered in a very satisfying way. It doesn’t need to stand on KotOR’s plot - the story of the Exile is just as enthralling as that of the former game.CHARACTERS AND THEIR DEVELOPMENT:There are noticeable improvements on character development in this game. The characters that surround you on your journey are very in-depth, and less predictable than the previous game’s characters were.A few welcome faces from KotOR also join the mix, something that strummed my nostalgia-guitar to a mellow tune – if you were a fan of say, T3-M4 and HK-47, you’ll be pleased to know they’re back.The only issue I can say I have with this is that you may not get a chance to interact fully with all the characters in one playthrough, especially if it’s your first time. Then again, that’s what replays are for, right?PACINGThis comes down to the player, for the most part. The sooner you get into high gear, the sooner you can blitz through the story if you want that. Given that it’s a game full of stuff to loot, chances are the pacing will be right for you – whether you want to get it over and done with – running past loot – or if you want to take your time and soak in the world.CONCLUSIONBuy it. It’s seriously an incredible experience that no one should go without. Better yet, buy the original and play that first, then this. I’m always going to have memories of this game and the original, and will fondly take them to my grave.If I were to assign it a rating (which I disagree with but some insist on having them in reviews) I’d give it a perfect ten, which is something I don’t think I’m going to do much in my life."
76561198058058128,Recommended,208580,25983967,"Posted: 11 October, 2016",all,Sexy Scotsman,"Great game, perfect sequel to the first one. Great improvements across the board, literally the only two things I prefer about the first game, is firstly, the length, this game is far shorter, and the ending kinda gets boring so you start rushing through the final level. And secondely the nostalgia, though far more fun to play with, and have on a team, the characters from this game just arent as memorable as Bastilla and Carth.Still an awesome game, would reccomend to anyone who's looking for a good Star wars game."
,Recommended,208580,31654396,Posted: 9 May,all,Lorkki,"A bit of a rough diamond - not just because we've had a decade of Mass Effect since and the mechanics are slightly clunky by comparison, but also due to being originally forced into the christmas market after barely a year in development. It's frustratingly obvious that it was meant to be larger than it is, although the bits thatarein place consistently outshine the original KotOR. The fan-made Restored Content Modification helps fill in many of the blanks, and you should definitely install it even for your first playthrough.Aspyr's stellar update job also deserves a mention. The Ubuntu/SteamOS port is really solid and mods are a click away at Workshop. Worth it."
,Recommended,208580,26450326,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,meKanism,Most likely my favorite game ever. 10/10 would reccomend
,Recommended,208580,19127729,"Posted: 17 November, 2015",all,Minion Max,"It takes about 6-10 hours before you realize its brilliance, but KOTOR2 is easily the most legitimate piece of Star Wars Extended Universe since the Thrawn trilogy. Easily supplants the original game by a trillon parsecs."
76561198191246728,Recommended,208580,35020032,Posted: 17 September,all,KotorHDTVChannel,"Like the first installment of the series, it is an awesome masterpiece. It is darker and more philosophical than the first one, BUT you should play it with the restored content which can be unlocked thanks to 2 mods:- TSLRCM (The Sith Lords Restoration Content Modification)- M4-78EP (Enhancement Project)Newest versions, of course."
76561198075675018,Recommended,208580,35230096,Posted: 26 September,all,kkeyz,"KOTOR 2 is probably my favorite Star Wars game. The mood is very different from what we're used to with Star Wars, which is probably what I love the most about it. Gameplay is a bit old, and may take time getting used to, but the story and characters are what shine. The one thing about this game is because of it's rushed release it is very buggy, not as much as back in 2004 thanks to a patch released a couple years ago, but still if you're going to play I'd recommend playing with the restored content mod, as it really just enhances the game in every way, opening new scenes with characters that were cut from the base game.Overall, this game is a flat out 10/10, it's only $10, and it's completely worth it."
,Recommended,208580,28999881,Posted: 4 January,all,Potato PC,"Far better than Star Wars:KOTOR. Improved gameplay, skill tree, story, dialogue choice and obviously better companion.Still buggy even isn't as bad compared with the first game, but can be resolved by downloading ""The Sith Lords Restored Content Modification (TSLRCM)"" and guides on community hub can solve all problem you encounter.Absolutely must buy for Star Wars or Bioware Fans, too bad Star Wars KOTOR 3 never relased."
76561198006690931,Recommended,208580,28304755,"Posted: 11 December, 2016",all,JTrill_TRAPGOD,Not as good at KOTOR 1 story-wise. The ending falls apart like right at the very end since loose ends aren't really tied up all that well.It's still a great Star Wars game though and I really wish they made a KOTOR 3 instead of stupid SWTOR.
76561198027614923,Recommended,208580,30954425,Posted: 4 April,all,richardboggs,"I love this game. I bought it when it first came out over a decade ago and it is still one that no matter how many new computers I get, I always make sure to have this one installed (much easier now with steam!). I have probably spent over 1000 hours easy on this game since first buying it. Over 10 years and still going strong!"
,Recommended,208580,13009339,"Posted: 19 November, 2014",all,Ace,My favorite game of all time.
,Recommended,208580,31216842,Posted: 18 April,all,JoeJoeFine,MORE WHERE THAT CAME FROM
76561198147488366,Recommended,208580,12630841,"Posted: 25 October, 2014",all,claytonrs,"Very good game, not quite as good as the original Kotor, but still an awesome game and story. I would reccomend it."
76561198027679938,Recommended,208580,22446066,"Posted: 16 April, 2016",all,saber_of_fire,This and the first kotor are the reason I chose xbox over ps so many years ago one of my fav games
76561198053286557,Recommended,208580,25177461,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,Axxxel,"I wiped out anybody that posed a threat to me along with my assasin droid and my Sith girlfriend, but i chose the ""correct"" answers in my dialogues. I'm the Jedi Order's pride now, with maximum light side points!10/10(Seriously now, it's a fantastic RPG, get it and don't forget Restored Content Mod ;) )"
76561198019673114,Recommended,208580,18473489,"Posted: 14 October, 2015",all,antoshkka,Fact Constatation: Great old game that works perfectly on Linux. All meatbags must buy it!
76561198150651080,Recommended,208580,21676941,"Posted: 6 March, 2016",all,olsonea20usa,"10/10 A++   (I run El Capitan on Mac)  I've been pulled back in the Star Wars franchise by the new movie, and recently played through both KOTOR games for the first time.  After throughly enjoying KOTOR, I honestly doubted if KOTOR II could live up to the first game, and hearing how it was rushed and incomplete-ish, I wasn't expecting that much out of it.  Boy was I wrong!!Gameplay wise, there were a lot of small things that were improvements upon the first game (e.g. when you find a datapad it pops up right then so you can read it instead of having to search through all your belongings for it; your health points heal slowly when you're not in battle even without having to use a medpac, footlocked/corpse say whether they are empty if you've already looted them, no more really difficult to beat turret battles that you have to get through to continue the game!!!)The storyline and characters are wonderful.  There are so many well-nuanced, non-traditional-trope-following characters.  Kreia and the Exile are awesome.  Darth Nihilus is one of the best-designed scariest-looking Sith from the Star Wars Universe ever.The storyline (to me at least) felt rich and complete up until the final planet/boss showdown.  Even with the Restored Content Mod (which is essential, by the way), the last level did feel rushed, empty, and incomplete-ish.  However, to me it still was a fairly-satisfying conclusion to the game.I had a few small problems with bugs (namely on Nar Shaddaa and one at the beginning of Telos, so I recommend saving often and having save files available).All-in-all, I really enjoyed this game and overall found it just as good if not better than the first KOTOR game."
76561198061786974,Recommended,208580,30324932,Posted: 4 March,all,MajorSaint125,Worthy sequel to one of the best Star Wars stories ever. SWKOTOR 1 & 2 have fantastic gameplay and a storyline that will keep you lcoked in until the end. Owned them both for years and continually come back to play them through again.
,Recommended,208580,18467308,"Posted: 14 October, 2015",all,Gms,I like Star Wars.
76561198048236646,Recommended,208580,34309018,Posted: 17 August,all,chiefdad,I love this game the story the characters the combat all of it is great the one complaint I have is that there is some cut content and you can clearly see where it was is it disappointing yes does it impact the game at all? Nope still fun it just makes me sad is all
76561198123809760,Recommended,208580,34790450,Posted: 7 September,all,Grif VII,"Great game, I still prefer the first one. But this was a great sequel."
,Recommended,208580,31832859,Posted: 18 May,all,Dad,"This is the best example of companions in a video game. No other game does companions as well as this one. I'd say it has the best dialogue of any game.It's very, very good. The only bad part about it was the rushed development, which leaves the finale very lacking and one planet in particular underdeveloped. The developers also make you stay in an area for quite a long time to make up for the lack of unique areas. Telos, for instance, is very long.The game shines in dialogue and companion interaction. A simple steam review isn't good enough to explain how utterly brilliant this game is at that. Game designers should look to this above all others when designing their companion systems and the structure of communication between both the player character and NPCs, as well as dialogue between NPC and NPC."
76561198105015374,Recommended,208580,31557513,Posted: 5 May,all,Errorstrikes,"The only star wars game/movie I know of that gets moral greyness right, some parts of the game can be tedious (especially the droid level in the restored content mod). But for the most part the almost D&D style gameplay is done surprisingly well and the story is just bloody perfect. If you like what the star wars universe CAN be, or even just like good writing, get this game."
76561198007216386,Recommended,208580,30406739,Posted: 9 March,all,Redrover22,Great game for that Star wars fan looking for a classic. Final Score 9.3/10.
,Recommended,208580,31571193,Posted: 5 May,all,Battlestoriesfan,"Let me get this out of the way first: Nar Shaddar is a goddamn awful chapter and it should rot in hell.Okay? Okay.This game is beautiful. It's clearly old and hasn't aged quite well in some aspects, but it remains as one of the best rpgs you can get on the market.Welcome to Star Wars, set after the Mandalorian Wars that nearly wiped out all the Jedi. You are an exile from the jedi order, and don't think you get any time to rest, as you're attacked and captured by the Sith, who are hell bent on destroying all remaining jedi. Now it's up to you to escape and reunite the remaining Jedi, OR destroy them and the Sith and be the strongest in the galaxy.This game can be summed up as Fallout Star Wars DLC. You can repair bots, hack doors, overload terminals, fight with light sabers, choke people with the force, use blasters, almost everything you can imagine.Game looks a bit ugly, as it aged not all that well, and it has some gameplay design choices that will infuriate you (you will learn dark rituals just so you can curse the developers for forced solo battles using other characters). You'll create your character with gender, pick from different faces, your class, distribute stats and powers, learn new force moves and depending on your build, you'll have a variety of means to deal with situations (a personal advice is to get force persuade as soon as possible. Have a lot of persuasion, it'll save your skin).Say good bye to boring clitche quests, as this game often has you investigating murders (or murdering someone special yourself, like a war general, for profit), repairing droids to get information from them, de-throning queens, and your various actions can give you light or dark side points (such as performing a task for free or threatning someone to get a better reward), and those actions will impact how your teammates react to you, giving you more or less influence. Influence by the way, reflects how much a teammate trusts you, and that will say if they'll be willing to tell you their secrets and trust you in battle.A beautiful soundtrack follows you, alongside a carefully crafted world and story (aliens have their own language like in the movies), and often times they'll react differently to your choices. You'll constantly question if what you're doing is the right thing and how the others might react if you do this or that.The A.I can be a problem though, as your friends may struggle with walking around obstacles very often. Said trick can be abused though, and can often times make hard bosses freeze in place or not have enough time to attack you (force storm, run, force storm, run).At the long run, Kotor 2 The Sith Lords is a magnificent gem that has aged like a fine wine and i definently reccomend it"
,Recommended,208580,17976578,"Posted: 10 September, 2015",all,CitizenX3639,"Kotor 2 for a long time has been praised and also criticized since it first released over 10 years ago. Obsidian, again working on a tight schedule(why does it happen to them all the time) still managed to put together one of the best story rpgs ever and now with the addition of the TSLRCM mod improves it to epic status. Its easily one of the best games i have ever played and the story and especially the characters are simply amazing from start to finish.In the game you play as Jedi(duh) who has been exiled due to you following 2 rouge Jedi into the Mandalorin wars. This exile has made you forget/ lose(hello? Amnesia) the force and your journey is about regaining that knowledge whether it be for light, dark or not at all. While on your journey you will also be dodging and fighting the Sith who believe you are the last of the jedi and your death will bring them an ultimate victory of the galaxy. And of course you will also be doing all that awesome RPG stuff of crafting, leveling, building a team, and making choices.I probably consider Mass Effect 2 as the pinnacle when discussing character, story driven RPG's but after Kotor 2....damn its close. And i don't know which is better but thats a great argument to have among fans. The party you build in Kotor 2 is as mysterious, scary, lovable, funny and dark that, like in mass effect, i could not wait to talk to them. Not only are all conversations engaging, but they are brought to life by probably by the best group of voice actors assembled for a video game. I cant recall one voice who does not represent the character they portray nor a voice who was weak, or just plain bad. I can finally understand the appeal and praise for the assassin droid HK-47 who I will never forgot, or Kreia, Atton, Bau-Dor, Mandalore, Mira, and Visas. All memorable in their own unique way and lets not forget about their ship the Ebon Hawk which i will glady place along side the likes of the Millenium Falcon, Normandy and Enterprise.The game play for Kotor 2 is real -time, pausable turn based combat. As you enter combat you can place 4 orders/ turns per character but you will be changing them constantly depending on enemies. In combat you can choose an active skill, buffs, combat stance which is very important and of course force powers. These powers and skills will all be rewarded as you level your character and progress through the story. The level up system is very deep for skills but the point system is i dont know how to explain but i always just hit ""recommend"" after the 3rd or 4 th level. Maybe too many points are given?One of Obsidians staple for their games are choice and Kotor 2 does not disappoint. Of course you being a Jedi your choice is obvious light or dark but the the way it is presented in writing makes it clear. There are no shades of gray for your choice. Those choices carry through to the end as well as what party members you will be able to recruit. There is also a rewarding crafting system though its a lot to absorb at the start but becomes a little easier to understand after a few trial and errors. You will be able to craft equipment, weapons and medicine but because of the limited interface and ease to compare items i used it sparingly. The game is not difficult even on the hardest difficulty and loot is plentiful so crafting is really just an option and not necessity.This is still a 10 year old game and not without noticeable game play staples of today. I would have given a left nut for fast travel, a better UI, and when crafting the ability to compare items and a simple who has what equipped. i dont actually know all the details of what the MOD fixed other than adding lost content, but graphically it looks sharp and the combat with some new added animations looked really cool.Kotor 2 is another amazing title from Obsidian and with the help of dedicated fans has not only preserved it for another generation but polished it to the diamond status it deserves. I finished the game a few days ago and still thinking about choices, characters and the story. Awesome game.Positives:One of the best Story, Character driven RPGs ever made and equals Mass Effect 2 in every wayIt maybe the best voice acting(including robots) cast everGraphics are dated but they still look sharp and the light saber battles look really good.RPG goodness everywherei want to immediately restart and go down the other pathNegativesThe UI needs updated. I would rather see an MMO type toolbar than what is in place.You cant compare items and when crafting it just says ""equipped"" but doesnt say by whoA lot of running back and forth and sometimes, where do i go?The point distribution for leveling feels too rewarding?A little easy even on hard difficultyObsidian are not doing a complete remake or working on Kotor 3Few notes:I played the game on my laptop with mouse and k/b at 1080P with only the TSLRCM mod installed. I experienced 2 hard crashes and i lost my cloud save? once.  To me these are minor and non issue.Steam shows playtime around 63 hrs which i feel is accurate. I tried to do everything, i talked to everyone and even played Pazzak.I am huge RPG fan and Obsidian/Black Isle are my favorite RPG developers. I had held off from playing Kotor 2 because of the constant crashes and problems that seemed to plague the game on initial release."
,Recommended,208580,34687967,Posted: 2 September,all,Micbran,play it pls
,Recommended,208580,15107924,"Posted: 29 March, 2015",all,Juvia,The childhood feels made me get this on PC! Even though this is like my 20th time playing it i still love it! ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)
76561198080604772,Recommended,208580,14300791,"Posted: 2 February, 2015",all,paulthetallguy,"Get the Restored Content mod. The planets are varied and interesting, the pacing on point, and the story very well written. Ony game I've played that you can agree to free someone's girlfriend from slavery, then bring her to him and tell him she's your slave now right to his face, then make her dance for money. Gameplay is fun but gets repetitive, and has some difficulty spikes (better start training Atton). Fortunately the story is so interesting you can't stop playing it."
76561198103054428,Recommended,208580,9860928,"Posted: 18 April, 2014",all,Victor Krashnov,"Just like KotoR 1, No.2 is as great and powerful. Must buy. now."
76561198019995259,Recommended,208580,19947032,"Posted: 25 December, 2015",all,Masterchief461 <ᛏ>,"Black Isle Studios/Obsidian really are THE best at making fantastic and ambitous RPGs, the made a better D&D game than Bioware called Planescape Tourment, they made Fallout 2, they made a better Star Wars RPG than Bioware and the made a better Fallout game then Bethesda (FO:NV). Totally recommended, but I would also recommend the first game as well since that game is still REALLY good, this one is just much better (with TSLRCM, of course)!"
,Recommended,208580,15678515,"Posted: 3 May, 2015",all,Frost,"Note: Didn't realize this was on Steam until today. Rest assured I've played the hell out of it.This is the perfect example of a sequel that outstrips it's predecessor in every way. KOTOR2 features the same great combat and exploration (6 planets! 7 if you include the tutorial zone, and 8 if you count the removed one.) The game has GREAT writing, really deconstructing the basic good versus evil methology of Star Wars. Lots of great quests, your own ship, and lots of unique companion characters. Best Star Wars game, period. Be sure to grab the Restored Content mod, though.Without Restored Content: 8/10With Restored Content: 9.5/10"
76561198143590447,Recommended,208580,29416836,Posted: 22 January,all,IWantToDie.jpeg,"This game had a long few starting hours, however, they didn't give me cancer so then I was inclined to play further. Although, there is a cliffhanger ending. I'm still glad I played though. 10/10 would be left feeling hollow again"
76561198227982720,Recommended,208580,29854626,Posted: 11 February,all,Totoro,5 hours in and I'm already more creeped out and have more unanswered questions than in 46 + hours of the first KOTOR.SOLD
,Recommended,208580,7983937,"Posted: 9 December, 2013",all,Miw360,"Star Wars : Knights Of Old The Republic II - one of the best RPGs of its time. Story - the strongest part of game play. The game is present magnificent pumping system. Apart from the usual skills ( blaster, knives, armor, etc.) and characteristics ( Strength, Dexterity, Wisdom, etc.) are present perks that allow a character, such as hacking, repairing or first-aid. The game also has Jedi Force, like healing, lightning, acceleration, suffocation, exhaustion life. They are divided into three types: Good , Neutral and Evil. As its name suggests, the Jedi force depends on your side. You can choose who you want to become, evil Sith or Jedi Master. All depends on your moral choices. You're choose, help the poor merchant defend himself from poachers or kill everyone and take all the money merchant. Tactical combat system is very convenient and effective. To give orders to the whole detachment enough just a couple of seconds. Also can not be noted that the game has a great soundtrack! With this music is associated very many fond memories. This is a great game, any fan of Star Wars or RPGs must play it."
,Recommended,208580,21597451,"Posted: 2 March, 2016",all,KairiHawk,"Honestly one of my all-time favorite games. There's a reason why Obsidian is a fan-favorite company, and game like KOTOR 2 and Fallout New Vegas are prime examples of it."
,Recommended,208580,20847920,"Posted: 30 January, 2016",all,Brendan_DTG,The only problem is that it ends.
,Recommended,208580,25533943,"Posted: 16 September, 2016",all,Lauri,"As the preceding game, KotOR II is one of those classics everyone who digs RPGs should play before they die. It was released ridden with bugs because of humanity's base Christmas instincts and I remember having to do a lot of 'hacking' to even get to see the main menu back in 2004. It's said the devs having to rush it resulted in a weirdly incomplete final planet and ending, but I've always been mildly disappointed with the drabness of the first one, Peragus, and it seems I'm not alone in this as there's even a 'skip Peragus' mod out there. One of the many glitches I actually like - infinite Hssiss ('dark side lizards') on Korriban - going to the Sith homeworld and returning incredibly powerful totally fits the roleplay going on in my brain.KotOR 2 is generally exquisite though. It's a lot more complex and dark than the first episode. In KotOR I you were usually given the choice of being either a preachy goody-two-shoes Luke or a butthurt homicidal maniac. The Sith Lords offers shades of grey, even if not quite 50. All the accolades Kreia has received are deserved.Characters with motives alike hers are often the most intriguing in storytelling as a longing for the void is something us muggles can probably never quite wrap our heads around.Making the game truly revolve around you, the main character, helps immersion quite a bit. The influence system fits into the lore very well and I'm pretty sure it's the first game where you can twist your NPC companions quite as much. 'Best Star Wars game ever' rings true, I'd be hard pressed to name any other title that comes close.Too bad we were deprived of KotOR III."
,Recommended,208580,20802064,"Posted: 28 January, 2016",all,OrphanFightClub,Its a Perfect RPG. Gameplay is amazing and mods are easy to work. 10/10 in my eyes.
76561198034156767,Recommended,208580,21831878,"Posted: 14 March, 2016",all,max.wolf,"TL;DR: One of my favorite games ever.KotOR II takes all mechanics that KotOR had and makes them better, plus it adds a ton of new stuff.The companion influence system is one of the most interesting, deep and rewarding to be found in all of gaming history. You get different companions based on your force alignment and sex, and interacting with your companions will not only give you access to lots of personal background and general lore, but also lots of special unlocks - force powers, abilities, and new classes for your followers. The only downside to its vastness is probably that you never will be able to experience all of it in one go - you'll even need at least 2 runs to merely recruit all possible followers, and then probably some to reach maximum influence with all of them (or, use some of the various influence guides on the web).The characters never fail to attract my interest, and draw me into their stories - almost everyone has more to them than meets the eye at first. There are also lots of scenes of banter between you companions aboard the player ship, some of which are hilarious while others are dark and sinister, which lets you experience many different facets of their personalities, and many of them are also based upon your influence with the different companions.There are new force powers, as well as different fighting stances and 'force forms' which let you customize your style of play even more. For example: your a Jedi Master with nearly unlimited force use but a little squishy in hand to hand combat? Use a force form which makes your force attacks more powerful, at the cost of greater drain of your force points - of which you have more than enough anyway. Or you're a Sith Marauder who slays his enemies solely with his lightsaber? Adapt to every situation by employing stances which give you higher blaster deflection, increased defense against multiple melee fighters, or greater attack and defense against a single lightsaber-wielding opponent.Crafting is expanded and more useful, too. For example, lightsabers can be upgraded with 5 different components (2 crystals, energy cell, emitter, and focusing lens) instead of the 2 crystals only, as in KotOR. There are a lot more robes for Force users, with various boni to them, and they also look a lot better than those in KotOR.The story is a bit of a divisive point - some feel its attempt at analyzing the eternal light side vs dark side struggle and putting some moral ambiguity into it strays too far from the star wars formula. Yet, like many people, I think it's the most interesting thing that has been done in a star wars story ever. Overall the story is quite dark and at times melancholy in its tone, which is also aided by the game's fantastic soundtrack. I still don't tire of the atmosphere and the stories of the game, even 10 years after I originally played this game (and countlessly replayed it since).The 2015 update which brings support for widescreens and high definitions is the perfect excuse to finally play this game (again), and with steam workshop support it's easier than ever to experience what the game was meant to be, thanks to the incredibly great TSL restored content mod and the M4-78 enhancement project, which even adds a planet that missed completely in the original release of the game. I definitely recommend to get those mods, but I also loved the original, admittedly unfinished version. If you can't stand open endings, TSLRCM is an absolute MUST."
,Recommended,208580,26080878,"Posted: 16 October, 2016",all,Collucin,"Highly recommeded. If you are going to get this game, download the restored mod to go with it. The added content makes the game much better in my opinion."
,Recommended,208580,26055773,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,nonbinaryhippie,"This game fixed all the problems I didn't realize there were with the first one: inflexible story, clunky melee/ranged combat switches, slow as HELL environment suits, and a choked range of Force-sensitive characters. I love it. Also fun was the physical transformation of the Force on the protag."
76561198013662801,Recommended,208580,17309857,"Posted: 30 July, 2015",all,Ar-Belzagar,"A really addictive game, if you're a Star Wars nerd like me then you'll really like this one"
76561198251727886,Recommended,208580,30290073,Posted: 2 March,all,jakestephens505,I love this game. I play it every year and it always brings back the best memories. I added some simple mods and its the best.
,Recommended,208580,4006468,"Posted: 2 December, 2012",all,raubrey,"10/5 ***** If there is a better story in an RPG, please let me know. This one was much more serious and deeper than the first. But, maaaan, it is over now ... Anyone try the MMO?"
,Recommended,208580,33645302,Posted: 18 July,all,Jungiloo,this game and its prequel will always hold a special place in my heart.
,Recommended,208580,34405552,Posted: 21 August,all,grievingtuna,"I had never played the original KOTOR games. I first started playing KOTOR 1 on Android. Then, once I got a Steam account, I soon after bought this game. I wasn't disappointed. I'm making progress through what so far seems a decent story, with crazy characters. This has given me hours of fun so far and more to come. WARNING: TANK DROIDS ARE ANNOYING."
76561198038115430,Recommended,208580,21094978,"Posted: 9 February, 2016",all,Incontinentia,The best Star Wars game ever made and one of the greatest RPGs ever made.
,Recommended,208580,19566127,"Posted: 8 December, 2015",all,𝘝𝘌𝘚.✨,"Excellent RPG that still holds up after many years. Combat is turn based but remarkably streamlined and versatile.  The animations and cutscenes are somewhat primitive by today's standards, but still succeed in conveying a very compelling narrative and world. You can definitely enjoy this game whether you are a Star Wars fan or not.The real strength of KOTOR 2 is found in its variety of playstyles and dialogue options - you will definitely need multiple playthroughs to catch everything this title has to offer. Playing the first game is definitely recommended for a full grasp of the setting, but not mandatory by any means.Also a perfect example of a compatability update done right. The added controller support greatly improves gameplay and acheivements are appreciated as well. Still waiting on a similar patch for KOTOR 1."
76561198025977715,Recommended,208580,18448119,"Posted: 12 October, 2015",all,SuddenStorm,"I have played this game with the restored content mod, most of my play time is off record. I've only experienced a few bugs in the game, and overall have thoroughly enjoyed it. I prefer the first one, which is a game I've played through many times.This game is more ""deep"" then KOTOR 1, and some of the characters are arguably more dynamic. The story in this game is more complex than in KOTOR 1, however, I enjoy KOTOR 1's story more than I do in this game.If you've never played this game, or the first one, than definetly play KOTOR 1 than if you're interested play this.The KOTOR games are true classics, and the graphics don't hold the game back at all. In this day and age where consumers often judge a game on it's graphics, it's nice to play a video game with enough depth where the graphics don't effect it at all."
,Recommended,208580,26447229,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,Dr. Data,This has been one of my favorite games of all time. I wish they could make the 3rd one mixed with the Jedi Academy game concept.
76561198055827945,Recommended,208580,31168476,Posted: 15 April,all,Monstro,"A highly fun game with very good story, and dialogue. This game is what got me into Star Wars, so even if you're not much of a Star Wars fan you'll probably still enjoy this game."
76561198101336622,Recommended,208580,23109979,"Posted: 20 May, 2016",all,Bazzaa,"Moody and philosophical, brilliantly written and filled with multi-layered characters, immersive and emotionally involving, Knights of the Old Republic 2 is a fantastic game and one of the best stories in the Star Wars universe.It has its share of flaws - the gameplay is rather dull, level design repetitive, graphics outdated even at the time of release. It was also originally released in an incomplete form, but this has since been fixed by a group of dedicated fan who created the The Sith Lords Restored Content Modification. Despite all the flaws, the game succeeds in what matters - sending the player on a memorable journey and leaving such an impact that all these years after its release I still can't get enough of it.Hopefully, one day it will get a sequel it deserves."
,Recommended,208580,8945201,"Posted: 1 February, 2014",all,[GND] Jester,"A little bit rough around the edges, but it offers improved gameplay and a more complex story than the first, and a bit more role-playing thanks to a greater variety of dialogue choices.  It was clearly rushed by LucasArts though, and this can be obvious at times; not just because of the bugs but also with some of the characters who clearly weren't developed as much as Obsidian intended.  Despite this, it's an outstanding game with far more role-playing than pretty much any present day RPG, much like its predecessor, and the story is one of the best there is in gaming.It has recently been updated with native widescreen and high refresh rate support, so now you can just get The Sith Lords Restored Content Mod and enjoy the game."
,Recommended,208580,20025878,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,RaidenPursuit,"If you don't want to look in depth of what my review is on my score is 8.5/10Pros:Immersive, Lore-Friendly Gameplay.Choices make you feel more involved with the game's outcome.Character Customization is has many options & gear to choose from.Combat is strategic and immersive.Many characters with different traits that expect you to convince characters to your liking with the many dialogue options.Cons:MINORBugs that you collide into a wall and it interferes with combat.MAJORSome choices that you make will make the game unwinnable, thus you not being able to complete the game.MINORAlthough I said the choices make you feel immersed into the gameplay with the many dialogue options, there are many situations where you can only make one choice thus making the user feel more restricted and less immersed. However there may have been known mods that create more immersive choices.MINORSome areas in the game are very small and  can make you backchannel a lot and may get confused with the direction in where you're going in some parts. A good example is when you make it to Taris after leaving Peragus you have roughly 4-5 zones to explore and which you'll be backtracking where to go and what to do at some points.Overall this game is very good but with some drawbacks that can be overlooked without too much thought being put in. Star Wars Knights of the Republic II: The Sith Lords is a very good game and it should be condemed as such. If you are interested in an immersive Star Wars RPG, then you have come to the right place. Feel free to explore and fight your way through the galaxy of Star Wars, with your choice of either to become apart of the dark or to be ascended into the light. I hope you found this review helpful and thumbs up if you did."
,Recommended,208580,26029192,"Posted: 14 October, 2016",all,murfman,"The first was probably one of the best series ever, and this is a worthy addition now that it was at least completed."
,Recommended,208580,34670726,Posted: 1 September,all,j-law,"Definitely has to be one of the best Star Wars/story driven/rpg games out there to play, looks quite pretty as well. Being generally slow paced as it is, it gets you excited every time you are about to engage in a big fight that matters for plot. Every force power or feat you add when leveling up delivers a sweet satisfaction. Worth to mention how actions actually have consequences or provide new dialogue options (that have huge variety, compared to modern games). At last, you shall probably encounter minor bugs (e.g. containers or doors not opening on the first click some of the time), but they fade away against of what this game has to offer. Simply put - oldie but goldie. 10 Force Storms out of 10."
,Recommended,208580,34880181,Posted: 11 September,all,yegortimoshenko,Flawed (unfinished) masterpiece with dive into Nietzschean philosophy.
,Recommended,208580,35081422,Posted: 20 September,all,elliotrodger,apathy is ddath!!
,Recommended,208580,3241796,"Posted: 25 August, 2013",all,Satsujinki,Ahhhh... brings the classic back. It sure bring my mind back while playing on my original xbox. still it never gets old.
,Recommended,208580,31552030,Posted: 4 May,all,Radd,Easily the second greatest game.
,Recommended,208580,26641730,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,Sugar,One of my all time favorite games growing up. Definitely recommend this game.
76561198297543555,Recommended,208580,22816151,"Posted: 5 May, 2016",all,Wyldwiisel,Never played this first time round but so far seems as good as KOTOR 1
76561198068243210,Recommended,208580,9537448,"Posted: 17 March, 2014",all,Darth Doody,"By far the most amazing underrated game i have ever played, KOTOR 2 was a shining beacon in my childhood. Right from the start the game throws you into a suspenseful story, and it never lets up. Unlike KOTOR 1, where you can clearly define right and wrong (lightside/darkside options), KOTOR 2 muddies the lines that define good and evil and has you make tough decisions, with the early acquired and amazingly well written and voiced companion character ""Kreia"", further blurring those already hard-to-see lines. You want to help that poor homeless man on Nar Shadda by giving him credits? Think again, because that same act of kindess can make him a target to his fellow refugees.But what really pulls everything in in this admittedly rushed-yet-amazing game is the not just the complicated moral choices and quanderies, but the feeling of urgency. Wether you decide to stay on the tride and true path of the jedi, or break out as a rogue dark jedi/sith, you can never forget you are being hunted by what must be THE scariest sith lords ever designed. Obsidian definitly took an already amazing game and, in my opinion, made it better than the original.Don't get me wrong, there are plenty of bugs and holes in some parts of the story, but what IS there is a fascinating take on that Galaxy Far, Far Away.My rating 9.5/10Edit: Finally, Steam and Lord Gaben (of the Sith) has finally decided to fully support KOTOR II in all it's glory! with the TSLRCM, I can safely say now, without a shadow of a doubt, that this game is a MUST BUY! Gone are the slightly annoying bugs, and in with the refined content.My edited rating with full steam support and TSLRCM: 10/10 would kill the galaxy and all the jedi again"
,Recommended,208580,17164593,"Posted: 21 July, 2015",all,JBwB | Haikyuu!!,"Meatbag!A new update to the game after 10 years? Awesome.Like the first game, this is a must play for Star Wars & RPG fans.Before starting a new game make sure you have the Restored Content Mod installed from the Steam Workshop as it adds a bunch of cut content from the original release.With the Restored Content Mod installed, this game is arguably as good as if not better than KOTOR 1."
76561198095494083,Recommended,208580,13929164,"Posted: 10 January, 2015",all,Mr. Meeseeks,Brilliant game! Despite it being rushed its still a fun game! However I do reccomend that you use the restored content mod! NOW ♥♥♥♥ING BUY IT YOU FOOLS! ITS CHEAP AND AWESOME!http://www.moddb.com/mods/the-sith-lords-restored-content-mod-tslrcm
,Recommended,208580,10553437,"Posted: 19 June, 2014",all,Wolfanov,"the history about the times of the old republic is one of the best part of the Star Wars EU, and KoTOR II has the best of the first game with some new things, so I recommend for all the star wars fans!!"
,Recommended,208580,10476653,"Posted: 14 June, 2014",all,bigafrye,"""You were whole.""Let me start by saying that the game is largely incomplete in it's vanilla state. Large sections of the game were cut due to time constraints, a tragedy. This game is great without all the content, and I believe I speak for everyone who has played this game that it could have been so much greater had LucasArts given Obsidian the time required to complete it. Knights of the Old Republic III was eventually cancelled, leaving many fans wondering just exactly what happened. Later on, an MMO was made by BioWare in an attempt to complete the saga, to many fans distaste. A book titled Revan was written to bridge the gap between the MMO and this game, however it wasn't the KotOR 3 we asked for.""Also, in private, we will be mercifully free from the opinions of imbeciles and fools.""Knights of the Old Republic II is a major improvement upon the first game. Don't get me wrong, the first is one of  if not the greatest RPG of all time, but the whole Good/Evil thing is overdone throughout Star Wars and Obsidian changed that a good bit with the sequel (""If you are to truly understand, then you will need the contrast, not adherence to a single idea."") . Rather than having the typical BioWare Good, Evil, and Neutral option, the game presents you with hard choices and makes you think. Perhaps by giving credits to the poor beggar, you have only made his life harder for him. Any who believe that BioWare should be making KotOR 3 and not Obsidian is sadly mistaken.""Find what you were looking for amongst the dead?""This game despite it's age still has an active modding community, whether it be weapons, armor, or even some updated textures to make the game feel and look much newer than it is. The Sith Lords Restored Content Mod adds back the cut content that was left in the game's code, and the M4-78 enhancement project adds the planet that was cut from the game, designed from the ground up by a modding team who deserves a round of applause. *presses applause button*Oh, and LucasArts, if you're reading this...""You have failed me. Completely and utterly."""
76561198381372810,Recommended,208580,32661792,Posted: 22 June,all,Jwkkeely,Classic game! Love it!
76561198077179464,Recommended,208580,11247925,"Posted: 15 July, 2014",all,Skybob,"this♥♥♥♥♥♥is bananas, if you dont like star wars then i hate you"
,Recommended,208580,13877111,"Posted: 7 January, 2015",all,Tsuichoi,"The Sith Lords proved an imperfect, incomplete and yet paradoxically fantastic epic for an era in RPGs. It can't be defined by what it did right, (the industry-standard that was the first game in the series could be summed-up in such terms) but by those exceptional moments it offers the player in a way no other game by my recollection, has replicated since.The Sith Lords has a botched ending, dated graphics, and ""bare-bones""/minimalistic gameplay by today's standards- falling short in total of anyone's most basic expectations. On paper, it's failure.And yet, despite what little Oblivion did to encite players, lacking the usual flashy bells and whistles that commcerials are made of, it somehow manages to introduce the subject of the story, to a universe which is rich in lore, life, and charm. From the very beginning, you are awoken, injured and alone, aboard what looks to be an abandoned mining facility. The first few moments you spend collecting yourself, is in a morgue with an old, creepy, cryptic women, who shares with you her thoughts on your predicament. From there, you traverse the empty, earie halls of the base in search of answers which are few and far between, encountering next to no one in the process- (Spoilers) save for a handful of murderous mining droids, and the last holo recordings of a crew not long for this world: a bleak outlook to say the least. The atmosphere here is palpable- permeating with a sense of emptiness, mysticism, and awe along the way,  setting the tone for much to come. The unknown is a key theme from beginning to end, as you embark on a journey of self-discovery, putting back toghether the peices of your past, which if you played the first game, should be a familar feature. As you unravel the secrets of the Jedi and Sith, who have more or less, droped-off the face of galaxy- adding to the strangeness of it all, especially for a Star Wars game- you begin to fall deeper and deeper into a thick plot which is all consuming, and from which there is no recourse. But i'd better leave it at that, and focus on a few features which make the game:Dialogue: The voice acting here is par none -in both writing and cadance- with some of the most memorable lines of any game, that will leave you thinking long after you've played your first time through- and if you do pick it up, it will have you going back to pick apart what was meant here or there. Conversation drives the story, so careful attention to what is being conveyed is a must to make sense of whats going on, and from there, what choices to make.Characters: Each is unique, and with all there is to find out about them, I found myself loving or hating them with no such feelings in between. Which is an unavoidable consiquence of the influence system: a game mechanic that just means favoring one character (in dialogue) tends to♥♥♥♥♥♥off other characters. This adds another dimension to your light/dark side options, and the closer you get to some characters, the more you will get to know them and vice versa (the less the rest will tell you.) Their own personal plots come with alot of baggage to swift through, and dark backrounds to confront, with reveals which are the highlight of the game.Choices: Don't be fooled by Mass Effect and it's ilk; Knights of the Old Republic practically invented player-driven progression, with but a handful of forebarers to draw from. If you do play it, I think you will find that the choices that are available in this game, far surpass those offered by others RPGs. What you say and do matters in this game, and you feel it both in the consiquences and rewards. The impact of each is immediate and meaningful, which, depending on your path, will pan out one way or another in the ending.For every flaw you find in the Sith Lords, two great things pop up. My favorite game of all time, the Sith Lords is a must for story-loving RPG players- and I don't even hardly play or much like RPG's on the whole; I'm a strategy guy- But this story speaks to me and has left it's mark on how I see fiction, stretching the genre to the limit of it's creative ends, and leaving me with impossible expectations of what passes for a good plot on the market today."
,Recommended,208580,22919367,"Posted: 11 May, 2016",all,Trap Daddy,Fifty Shades of Gray Jedi
76561198077663794,Recommended,208580,19212063,"Posted: 22 November, 2015",all,76561198077663794,"Simply amazing,KOTOR II The Sith Lords has finally gotten the update it so richly deserves.  Now if only KOTOR I would get the same update I would be a happy camper.  A must buy for any Star Wars fan."
,Recommended,208580,20201082,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,weeFour,"Wow, played this game again after YEARS and it's still so damn good. If you're a true gamer, you'll value the quality of a game over its' graphics and this game certainly has some quality content.10/10 game, and if you've finished this once in vanilla, you should replay it with the restored content mod, it makes it an even better game.Overall, an amazing sequel to Knights of the Old Republic (also a good game) and deserves all the love it has received over the years.Also, the game was recently updated, so it should work with your setup. Buy Kotor2 and give yourself a fun time :D"
76561198095230694,Recommended,208580,19628089,"Posted: 11 December, 2015",all,Sinoatrial Atrioventricular,"For an old game, it is still one of the best Star Wars game I have ever played. I loved its story and characters so much I based my steam name on one of its villain. Definitely worth buying if you wish to spend your free time"
76561198075196607,Recommended,208580,20992341,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,ColeT2014,"No other game captures the ultimate STAR WARS experience apart from this!It was 11 years ago when I was just 5 that I got this game for my XBOX. Never ever ever did I play an RPG before, never understood them, believe it or not I hated the game the first 24 hours because I could not even get past the first door that requires (SPOILERS) you to use the torch in your inventory (NO MORE SPOILERS) and so after finally getting past that and understanding it more, I played on and completed it about 12 times, different characters, different paths, everytime with new dialogue options and story changes for me to take.Many years on when I first got my PC and Steam (Approx 5 years ago) the first game I bought was KOTOR and KOTOR 2. KOTOR 1 is an amazing game but I do not like the story as much, yes it has an amazing story and brilliant plot twist, but KOTOR 2 had amazing characters, Atton felt like a best friend, Kreia felt like a witch yet who knew what she was going on about. Many other companions had just brilliant stories, even though a few came over from KOTOR 1.I have sank many many many many hours into both the XBOX and PC versions of this game and now that KOTOR 2 has been updated (KOTOR 3 hint anybody ;) haha) and now has STEAM WORKSHOP with full 4-5K support and native resolution support. The game fits right at home, now is the best time to play this brilliant experience of a game, there is none other like it, believe me.1000/10"
,Recommended,208580,20438558,"Posted: 9 January, 2016",all,goorus,"Great story and gameplay, if you're into Star Wars and RPGs then this will be a great pick.The only problems I have with the game are the compatibility issues. I have to play on windowed mode or else the game will crash on pre-rendered cutscenes."
76561198196567705,Recommended,208580,19864406,"Posted: 22 December, 2015",all,λleksander,"HavingStar-Wars marathon + playing through all the Star-Wars games before watching the newest George Lucas movie by the end of the week. Anyone else doing the same thing?Okey, lets talk about the game itself hehe,You start of as a droid, on a mission to save the character you made in the first place.After that the battle against the Sith Lords Begins.~May the force be with you"
76561197970717515,Recommended,208580,21592192,"Posted: 2 March, 2016",all,SolidusR4S,After all these years. It still got an update.  Thank you Aspyr for ruining my life for the moment.
76561198071476604,Recommended,208580,6651383,"Posted: 3 August, 2013",all,JeebusOni,"Awesome game, get the restored content mod for a more completed feeling though."
76561198046382877,Recommended,208580,10887830,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,KANT15,"Kotor 1 was one of my favorite games ever, and I was really excited when Kotor 2 came out! This game, in the vanilla version, is sadly not up to the standards of the first game, BUT when you download the TSL restored content mod this game truly comes into its own and is even better than the first game in my opinion. Thank you modders who spent all the time and effort finding the missing content to this fantastic game. I am recommending this to those who are fans of star wars and want a rich suspenseful storyline that does not fail to deliver even up to the closing seconds. (Highly recommended that you download the TSL restored content mod, just type it into google and you will find it instantly. It is easy to install and it will truly bring out the true beauty of the game that the creators intended.)"
,Recommended,208580,17915426,"Posted: 6 September, 2015",all,Laphog Hogan,"This game was great, too bad they didn't finish making the game before releasing it."
,Recommended,208580,19942661,"Posted: 25 December, 2015",all,KAiiRah,"i probably have about 80 + hours on this game before i had it on steam,this game was released in 2004,but it still feels like  a way better RPG game then most of the RPG games that comes out these days.i am a Huge star wars fan,and this is one of the best star wars games i have played,actually one of the best games i have ever played,this game is different,yet amazing.The game's storyline is so amazing,it will keep you entertained for hours,your choice to follow the path of a jedi or decent into the darkness of the sithi recommend this for any star wars fan or a type of gamer that likes the classic kind of stuff :D9/10"
76561198320667420,Recommended,208580,24752347,"Posted: 6 August, 2016",all,johnbullard17,"Brilliant game! The Knights of the Old Republic games are to this day my favorite RPGs out there. Incredible stoytelling and character development compliments the gameplay perfectly, and all on a d20 system!"
,Recommended,208580,19848563,"Posted: 22 December, 2015",all,DOSH BONES,"An actual classic, while slightly buggy in several areas, this game continues to be one of the most memorable and enjoyable Star Wars games to date. It feels both vast and deep, and adds to the amazing Star Wars universe in just the right ways."
76561198019319990,Recommended,208580,3237022,"Posted: 7 August, 2013",all,Admard,"I recently had the pleasure of replaying Knights of the Old Republic II with the Restored Content mod.  Taken as-is, KotOR II is a fantastic, if unfinished, successor to the first KotOR.  The fanmade Restored Content mod works to add in and finished content that didn't quite make it into the retail release while also stomping out the many bugs that plague the game.  It is an absolute must-have for the game.The game's main draw is its rather ambitious story, weaving a tale of shades of grey in the otherwise bipolar Star Wars universe.  Thematically, the game might even have less in common with Star Wars and be more of a cousin to the classic Planescape: Torment (a personal favorite), which is probably why I enjoy KotOR II even more than its outstanding predecessor.If you enjoyed the gameplay of Knights of the Old Republic and/or Obsidian's singular style of storytelling, give it a shot."
76561198306697089,Recommended,208580,31617227,Posted: 7 May,all,suh dud,"Holds up really well for the times. Gameplay is interesting. Play it for the story and the gameplay, not the graphics. Worth $2.50."
76561198007138850,Recommended,208580,19814016,"Posted: 20 December, 2015",all,Iron Tarkus,"KotOR II is both the better and the more flawed of the two KotOR games. Someone once described it as ""Star Wars by people who don't like Star Wars,"" which is pretty apt, but make no mistake, this is a labor of love. However, the game's release date was moved radically forward without consultation of the Dev Team, leading to a lot of cut and incomplete content and a structure with a bloated beginning and rushed end. Overall, if a KotOR III is ever made, I would rather play as the Exile than Malak, as she is a more nuianced and interesting character than Revan's over the top OP Mary-Sueness. Of course, that ain't gonna happen because of garbage with the Old Republic MMO but bah, a man can dream, can't he?Anyway, I'd recommend this game to anyone who wants a solid RPG which deconstucts the Star Wars setting in an interesting way and has real choices and consequences, but warn that you are going to get a very flawed gem. Beyond the understandable problems stemming from corporate dickery, the game is not balanced at all and there are a few design decisions which are questionable. For example, the mechanics heavily incentivize going 100% Light Side or Dark Side, yet the game oozes an atmosphere of gritty moral ambiguity which I've heard describe as ""noirish."" This is a damn shame because it severely punishes role playing in a game filled with great roleplaying opprotunities. Those looking to be a badass Dirty Harry in space are better off trying Mass Effect 2. Also, the blackjack minigame ""Pazaak"" basically breaks the economy, which is kind of lame.TL;DR: Yeah, buy it. It's only ten bucks and you'll get far more value out of it than some ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥'s shovelware ""art"" game for the same price."
,Recommended,208580,32638481,Posted: 22 June,all,Outlaw Jaw,"I just finished my first playthrough, and then realized that there was an entirely different way I could have played this, resulting in a different ending. now I have a sense of curiosity as to what will happen if I go back to my early saves and see what happens. that is something you want in an rpg that responds to your actions. props!"
,Recommended,208580,10540087,"Posted: 19 June, 2014",all,Shoji the Choji,definitely download the extended content mod.  Makes the game 10x better. This is one of my favorite games of all time. Just wish they made a 3rd. definitely reccomend
76561197974977338,Recommended,208580,19295114,"Posted: 26 November, 2015",all,Aeth,"I know people love the first one but I credit this game for re-engaging my love of the Star Wars galaxy after the dissapointing prequels. If you have not played this, I would suggest it as a way to get excited about the upcoming movie :)"
76561198129461758,Recommended,208580,17962176,"Posted: 9 September, 2015",all,mack.clews,"Great Game! ive probably played it 8 times so far, and planing to play yet again. I highly suggest this game. the replay value is huge, although there is a fairly steep learning curve sometimes, due to some indepth crafting system, and story line that might not make sense. however, you can always read the story online and it will explain who the people are , and what the story is. fascinating game."
76561197981851016,Recommended,208580,17780474,"Posted: 29 August, 2015",all,Ranseur,Must be played with restored content mod.
76561198007487432,Recommended,208580,17931030,"Posted: 7 September, 2015",all,BlackMesaIncident,"Amazing complement to the first game.  Whereas the first game has a very ""New Hope"" kind of feel to it; a very classic Star Wars type heroic tale of galatic grandeur, this game delves into the more personal and darker elements of the Star Wars universe.  Character development is extremely thorough and integral to the story, along with the tremendous focus on party member relations.  Improves on all fronts.  Easily a top five pick for me.  Worth $10, but sometimes it goes on sale for as low as $5 or $2.50.  At that rate, there's no reason not to put it on your wishlist."
76561198092363699,Recommended,208580,18136299,"Posted: 21 September, 2015",all,Vizard the Wizard! ✷,"This game is just amazing, I played this game when I was a kid. Just being that jedi that you want to be, to either save or to be destructive. You choose your path, go to the light side or go down a dark road which is the dark side. I will highly recommend this game if you like Star Wars and RPG elements."
76561198115868043,Recommended,208580,11829401,"Posted: 23 August, 2014",all,Kraiden Dove,"This game quite possibly is the greatest Star Wars game ever made.  The story depth, character design, and creation options were far ahead of its time.  Obviously there were issues as most people know about when it was made (i.e. rushed by Lucas Arts for holiday of '05) but the content restoration mod clears up 99% of the issues with just minor dialogue skips that can be fixed by reloading the game.  If you are a star wars fan, get this game, get the content mod, and your quest for knowledge of the old republic will be complete.  (or maybe...just the start)*Update* 7/22/2015 - No seriously, you have no excuse now, it has controller support and a workshop.  Get this game."
,Recommended,208580,29299434,Posted: 16 January,all,Bearpaw,"These days, thanks to the ease of producing and distributing patches and DLC, we've become accustomed to games shipping in an obviously unfinished state. This was not the case when KOTOR II was first released, back in 2004. Back then, a game that shipped before it was ready could expect an absolute bollocking from critics and gamers alike, and usually got it.So it's a testament to just how fantastic this game is that even with swathes of content cut from the final product in such a haphazard way that you can practically see the gaps left behind, even with one of the most horribly botched, anemic endings in gaming, even with all the bugs (and there are a lot of them) it still holds up as a classic, as having improved on the successful formula established by its predecessor. Leaving us all to wonder what might have been if they'd only worked on it for another couple of months. But I hear there are mods for that, so there you go.9/10, would be berated into questioning the benefits of charity again (thanks Kreia)."
,Recommended,208580,20926807,"Posted: 2 February, 2016",all,raffle,"""Observation: The meatbag designated Raffle seems to exhibit a number of abnormalities. He has ceased all human functions to play this amazing game.Conclusion: Why Master, it appears he has become obsolete.Query: Shall I blast him for you, Master?""HK-47"
76561198092356572,Recommended,208580,10539094,"Posted: 19 June, 2014",all,CorkysonMinor,"Statement: Knights of the Old Republic II, with the addition of the Restored Content Mod 1.8 is simply put...the greatest game of all time.Commentary: Played this game back in 2005 and still playing it almost 10 years later; while still finding new content.Threatening Conclusion: Any Die Hard Star Wars fan should purchuse this game immediately, or be turned into a smouldering crater...Statement: HK-47 Signing off"
,Recommended,208580,19006766,"Posted: 10 November, 2015",all,xMiTHiCx,"I played this game a ton when I was younger, and I had to get it when it came out for Mac OS. Although unfinished on release, the Restored Content Mod on Steam Workshop is easy to install and not only fixes many of the bugs but also adds ""new"" parts to the game that I hadn't seen before when I played. Like its predecessor, Knights of the Old Republic 2 has interesting party members and plenty of dialogue, with even more replay value. More items and upgrades, powers and classes, etc. Well worth the $10 and you can get much more out of it than that!"
76561198003965399,Recommended,208580,19103909,"Posted: 15 November, 2015",all,Cherie,"I played this game on Xbox, it was the first game my brother and I ever bought together. Maybe I'm biased but I will break it down.Story:Pros:Rich story, plenty of fully voiced dialogue.As always, choose your own ending/path.Updated from KOTOR: Character influence/ability to convert companions to Jedi -- YES PLEASE!So good at making the player character ""special"" or all-important, which is crucial to a good RPG imo.Cons:THE ENDING. There is now a mod to help this but overall the build up was 100x overhyped for the provided ending, at least there's a solid ""first ending"" where you finish the jedi master story arch.You majorly have to choose which companions you want to be jedis and sacrifice influence with others in order to achieve this, there's no having your cake and eating it too.A lot of vague hints and questions, particularly involving Revan that will go unanswered forever.Combat:Pros:Many more force powers available, and with 30 extra levels, a chance to get all the ones you wantThough not as well-clarified as some games, the attributes you select will affect the combat immensely, thus your original build will affect how often you hit and how often enemies are ""saved"" when using force powers. You have the opportunity to really boost your combat in the area of your choice.Cons:EIther boring or constant pausing and tweaking, you don't control the movements, only which attacks/items are usedCombat is very basic, all roll based, your roll plus bonuses - their roll plus bonuses = hit/missThe powers/medical supplies/feats are all in their own scroll menu in combat, MMO style key-binding & self-assigned options would've improved the flow of combat much more.If you try to go for middle ground in your attribute choices, I find that you are all around mediocre in combat rather than balanced.Clumsy combat queue, if you want to use a medi-pac immediately, you have to go into the inventory menu or cancel combat before you select it. Otherwise it will queue, and you or your injured party member will likely die before it is used. The idea is good, because you can switch to other characters and choose their next 3 actions but it wasn't smooth.Gameplay:The graphics are dated now, but still not terriblePlenty of character options available, and an added Jedi/Sith Master Class option at level 15While you can choose any order of planets, after your first playthrough, you'll know better. It is better to do specific orders for the characters you want to become jedi. Look up a guide if you're a One-go-Joe.More lightsaber colors.Overall, it's well worth your time, I wish the original KOTOR had a lot of the elements that this one introduced. Every game has some glitches and now that there are a good number of fixes both on Steam workshop and Kotor II Nexus, this game has recovered from its disappointing brokenness to become the gem it always should have been. Just play it."
,Recommended,208580,18450487,"Posted: 12 October, 2015",all,Farrison Hord,I got killed in a tunnel full of droids. 10/10
76561198009430218,Recommended,208580,21420036,"Posted: 23 February, 2016",all,JacoRay,"KoToR II is one of those sequels to a game that is just as good, if not, better than the original. In my opinion, you can't choose between the two games. They're both equally masterpieces and due to the short time period between releases, they practically have the same value in terms of gameplay and graphics. What it really comes down to is the story. Which one has the better story? SPOILERS: Is it the first game? The rise and redemption of Revan who has lost his memory and taken on a new life? Or the second game? The story of an exile whom returns to civilization to find out, once and for all, why she was exiled and who is trying to kill her? As I said before, I can't pick between the two. The games are so well done in terms of RPG mechanics, gameplay, story, voice acting (okay, maybe the voice acting wasn't that amazing) and animation in certain areas.The RPG mechanics is pre whatever we have now. It's a mixture of real time and having the ability to pause the game to plan out your course of attack. The people who updated KoToR II managed to implement the Steam controller, which, in this case, works just like a 360 controller. So it was less of a point and click situation and more so scrolling through the enemies before un pausing the game to continue the attack, if that makes sense. The game ran perfectly, no issues in any areas. The graphics are from 2004 or something, so it's not exactly pretty. At least the levels were really diverse and nothing was repetitive at all. The audio design, of course, was stellar. From the soundtrack to the sound foliage, it's just really well done.Probably the greatest highlight in any Bioware (in this case, Obsidian) game are the characters. As I already pointed out, Obsidian did this one, but it's the sequel to a Bioware game. Bioware always sets a standard when gathering companions and what their perks are and how they interact with the player character during certain random events and whatnot. Each of the characters are unique and have their own unique sets of dialog in various situations, it's what's so remarkable about RPG games such as this. No other developer really goes that far and beyond to create such a wide and diverse set of characters that the player can bring along on their adventure.Really, a great game. A masterpiece. Brilliant ending, too. It really should have led the way for a third game, but instead, we got that MMO. Still waiting on KoToR III Bioware or Obsidian!10/10"
,Recommended,208580,21321285,"Posted: 19 February, 2016",all,bb-k8,"I remember disliking this game the first time I played it.Compared to the first Knights of the Old Republic game, it was a major tone shift and didn't evolve gameplay enough to justify it as a proper sequal.  It doesn't have a plot twist like KOTOR 1, and I was quick to deem it a wasted oppertunity.Now after replaying it a few years later, I've completely changed my mind.This game is darker, more mature than KOTOR 1.  The characters have all suffered at the hands of the Force in one way or another, and the Jedi aren't just the good guys.  There's moral complexity in the plot.  Sadly this muddled morality doesn't really factor into gameplay, but the story is great.It is carried almost completely through characters and their dialogue.  Everyone is flawed in some way, and it makes things a lot more interesting.In terms of gameplay, it just uses KOTOR's system with a few more upgrades and weapons.  Force powers make things more interesting.Where KOTOR 2 really shines is with the graphic upgrades and score.  The game has aged really well, thanks in big part to the fantastic modding community now available with the Steam Workshop.That being said, the game feels unfinished unless you install the Restored Content mod.  It's critical to letting this game pack the biggest punch.  It makes an incomplete game feel whole, and the extra battles are fantastic and a delight to returning players who felt short changed.Overall, I recommend KOTOR 2 to people who liked KOTOR 1, because things aren't so simply good and evil.  Everyone is in the middle to some degree.  It's just a shame that the moral choice system doesn't really factor that, as the influence system can make every character 100% good or evil while they're really not."
76561198070212652,Recommended,208580,20706571,"Posted: 23 January, 2016",all,wildnike,"Is Kotor 2 a good game?Many reviewers here have already answered that question (read: YES you bloody meatbags) so I will move onto the follow-up question:Is it better than Kotor 1?Yes.If looked at from a broad perspective Kotor 2 is everything you would get from Kotor 1. Same RPG style. Same Combat system. Same adding more lore than needed. Same running around the bloody galaxy across a set number of planets in order to find a set number of plot devices. Since it's more of the same but more buggy (RCM disregarded) so you'd think that Kotor 1  would be the superior. However, what makes K2 in my eyes a much better game (and perhaps my favorite RPG) is two things:1) The storyDon't get me wrong, Bioware has an excellent teams of writers and they've made some fantastic stories but the stories are always very simplistic. You are either the King of All Things Good or the World's Most Respected ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ fighting against someone so evil (or more evil than you, if you choose to be the ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥) it would take a loon to say [obviously evil guy] isn't.  In other words, Kotor follows the Original Star Wars (and nearly every Hero story out there) to the letter. You answer the call to a quest. You mature and grow in strength. You go and defeat the obvious baddie as one of the two archtypes above and save the galaxy. Boom. Roll Credits. Kotor is a hero story with all your Star Wars tropes.Kotor 2 however takes said tropes and subverts them, throws them into fire, beats them to a pulp, and dumps them off into the nearest sun. What is a jedi without the force? Are the jedi really as good and deaaring as they are made out to be be? Or are they a bunch of jackasses? What is really difference between Jedi and Sith other than one likes red and the other a variety of colors? Or are both ideologies silly and just trying to stamp rules on a force (bum dum tsh) that they can barely understand? These questions and more are asked and played in Kotor 2 and they tie in with the overarching plot.Even with the Binary Moral Choice system there is depth. It actually ties in with your character and companions other instead of being something to change the last 30 minutes of the game. You have incentive to what you do. You are a Jedi Exile returning to a galaxy that has (almost) entirely forgotten you. Are you angry at your former masters and wish to gather power to reap vengence upon every last one of them? Or have you accepted (what you consider) your wrongdoings and wish to redeem yourself and forget your past? This small context of backstory adds metric tons worth of depth to your character and growth.TL;DR Kotor 2 manages to create a complex and fullfilling narrative that ties in both gameplay and story.2) It has HeartNo really I'm serious. This is also a bit difficult to explain.At first I though this ""heart"" was just nostalgia ,but I realized that Kotor 1 never had this ""umph"", and Kotor 1 was leagues ahead in nostalgia.Kotor 2 is a game that really makes me care about the world, the characters, and the tale it is trying to tell. This is where Kotor 1 failed for me.Your companions have depth and personality beyond there aligned stereotypes. I can give a couple paragraphs about each of them without needing to describe their appearence. The personal interactions you have with each member of your crew gives volumes more impact and detail and emotion.The main quests of each planet made me feel like I was actually having impact on the galaxy. I felt change. After each planet I felt that something was going to happen and I was apart of it.I think this ""Heart"" is Kotor 2 being a much more ""local"" story. You are not trying to uncover some grand mystery that decides the fate of the galaxy. That is just icing on the cake. Kotor 2 is a personal story of your character and a battle with their past demons. You learn more about the Exile as he/she learns more about him/herself. Everything is a lot more quiet and that is the brilliant part of it. A quiet personal story that deals with the remnants of events long past, all trying to push their ends on a galaxy that no longer cares for them. And you are one of them.I picked Kotor (and this game up) out of nostalgia and to see how my views change on the games I played years ago and see how I view them now.Had I been asked which game was better several years ago I would have said Kotor 1 without a second thought. But after some time and returning I have to switch that feeling. Kotor 2 is better. Much better. The RCM makes it fantastic. And I can't stress it enough.As a small note I suggest you play this game with the Restored Content Mod, as it is more of a patch and less of a mod. and is the closest thing we'll (likely) get to a finished game that Obsidian wanted."
,Recommended,208580,33245330,Posted: 4 July,all,SpooktThrone,"[Played both games in their entirety]This review contains little blurbs of info rather than a full review.Most of these ideas are NEGATIVE, but the game as a whole is VERY FUN.• Story-driven action rather than action-driven story- In the first game, every part of the story was action-packed and moving.  This game has so much more down-time asking questions and learning the story.  Don't get me wrong, story is good, but after playing the first game, this seems a little slow.• Disappointing boss fights- I beat DarthNihiluswithout losing a quarter of my health without using abilities.• Tedious last levels- Getting to DarthSion. is the worst thing in existence.  I literally just Stasis Field'd everyone.  And going around as Remotethrough the last level was just painful.• Abrupt ending- DarthTraya's dying animation was cut off, then the ship flew away, and the game was over.• Parts where you just get stuck- On two planets there were times I was just like ""what do I do now?""• Not enough HK-47 :(- I don't know if it was just me, but I got HK repaired, and then I was forced to go to the final planet.• Unexplained ending- I would've loved to talk to the characters after the final fight just to see what they'd have to say.  Instead, Handmaidenwas♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥at me the whole time, and I just don't know what ever happened to Bao-Durand Remoteand Miraand Gotoand Visasand--you get the point.HOWEVER, this is a GREAT game, and an AMAZING sequel to the original.  If you liked the first, you'll like this one."
,Recommended,208580,19596082,"Posted: 9 December, 2015",all,Rhap,Greatest Star Wars game ever made
76561198311818864,Recommended,208580,29974634,Posted: 16 February,all,ImperialSpence,"Such an amazing game, but with a few catches...This is a great game, i love it so much. I love everything about it except the fact that they rushed it. There are so many crazy bugs in this game. A lot of my quick saves become corrupt or it will freeze when i try to load the game. These drive me insane. I have had to start anew loads of times, sometimes right after a big achievement. Besides that, i would give this game a 100/10 for the amazing storyline, the characters ( Visas❤), and the fact that it is Star Wars"
76561198080098990,Recommended,208580,19319578,"Posted: 27 November, 2015",all,Lord Parallax,"In many ways, KotOR 2 is one of my favourite Star Wars games of all time. The story and clever writing, the different worlds and quests, Pazaak, HK-47, the expansive weapon selection (though most people use Lightsabers), the brilliant music, and HK-47.Though Flawed, I still love this game to death and reccomend it to any Star Wars or RPG fan."
,Recommended,208580,17672259,"Posted: 22 August, 2015",all,Marcus Antonius,"Star Wars: Knights of the Old Republic II - The Sith Lords is a game originally developed by Obsidian entertainment. The game release back in 2004 was riddled with missing gaps, as the game was rushed out and lots of intentional game implementations never made it on release. Fortunately, the TSLRCM (The Sith Lords Restoration Content Mod) brings back the missing spots, thanks to the fact most of the ""cut content"" was found in the game files.This game came out on Steam not too long ago, and initially it got bad reviews for having a lack of up-to-date support on Steam, thus leaving people on their own to figure out how to run the game. Fortunately, eventually some developers came in and actually fixed the game with a nice patch. Aspyr Media, being the bros that they are; developed a Linux port for this game which I must say; is phenomenal. Not only did they port this game, but it runs fantastic; but there is no surprise there with a 11 year old game. Still, I am impressed they chose to take this older game and port it. With TSLRC Mod added through Steam Workshop, this game is even BETTER than it was when I first played it back in 2004.The graphics show their age, but there are some mods around the corner that look like they are trying to upgrade the lower end graphics. I am simply blown away that this game was taken and given a nice update on steam as well as workshop integration featuring some really nice mods. The windows side works great too, but now I am playing it on Linux and I am loving it too on Linux! One simply does not play this game without including the TSLRCM, that completes it.8.5/10.0 - Amazing revitalization of a older game. The Ithorians who are restoring Telos would be proud. Now I would love to see the first Knights of the Old Republic ported over to Linux, with full workshop support!"
,Recommended,208580,18474445,"Posted: 14 October, 2015",all,Ph1ux,nostalgic
,Recommended,208580,28967314,Posted: 2 January,all,Super Saiyan Vegeta!,Having already played the phisical version on the PC and the original XBOX TWICE i would add at least some 120 hours to what i've already played here on steam. so I guess that sort tells you my opinion on the game... It is a masterpiece! probably one of the best Star wars games ever made second only to the first Knights of the old republic which is slightly better than this one... but then again this game was rushed to meet the deadline back in the day soo... if they were to remake this game properly it would easily be the Best Star wars game and one of the top 10 best RPGs ever made.
76561198066224775,Recommended,208580,14829217,"Posted: 10 March, 2015",all,MIRA KILLIAN,Nwûl tash.Dzwol shâsotkun.Shâsotjontû châtsatul nu tyûk.Tyûkjontû châtsatul nu midwan.Midwanjontû châtsatul nu asha.Ashajontû kotswinot itsu nuyak.Wonoksh Qyâsik nun.
,Recommended,208580,33560600,Posted: 15 July,all,Emperor of the Internet,Pro(s):Essentially the best Star Wars game of all time. It's an incredibly compelling deconstruction of the Star Wars universe and of the Jedi and Sith.Con(s):I can't figure out where the exit button is.
,Recommended,208580,32913459,Posted: 27 June,all,Nate Higgers,A masterpiece. A game that trully holds for endless hours of gameplay.Best Star Wars game they made so far.
76561198012071265,Recommended,208580,24934016,"Posted: 15 August, 2016",all,WoodenDOOM,"Same as KOTOR, but better."
,Recommended,208580,28156196,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,Crazy Carrot,"Epic Star Wars RPG combat with a great storyline, a must own game for any Star Wars fan.(I recommend installing the 'restored content modification' for this game)https://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=485537937"
76561198292948444,Recommended,208580,34752778,Posted: 5 September,all,Harrison,"Im a fan of star wars, and the game is really a great one. It contains many classic elements that used to be fashion, really different from modern fast-style video games. Need a remaster."
,Recommended,208580,19471309,"Posted: 3 December, 2015",all,hkennyrules101,"Pros:-Immersive star wars role playing experience-Morality is more intricate than just light side/dark side this time-Wide range of character customization-Well developed companions-Weapon customization (you can have whatever lightsaber color you want!)-Large amount of content-Relatively high replayability-Nonlinear gameplay; player can choose to do the plots in whatever order they desire-HK-47 and all his quotesCons:-Cut content; Obsidian had to rush this game into retail, and had to cut a lot of content.  Thus, the plot has some noticeable gaps and seems choppy-Mild bugginess, but nothing game breakingOverall:First, it's worth mentioning that there is a Restored Content Mod that Obsidian took part in allowing.  This mod adds a lot of cut content, including an entire plot arc with HK-47, back into the game.  If you buy this, you should absolutely install that mod as well.That said, Obsidian took up the reins and did the series justice.  It's unfortunate that they had to rush the game near the end, because the plot is fantastic and really deserved to have its day.  But the gameplay is still fun, immersive, and captivating, and the amount of customiztaion for your character has only increased from the first game.  It's a pleasure to play, and rarely does the game become tedious.  Instead it's just a fun ride from start to finish.Bottom Line:Absolutely recommend"
,Recommended,208580,19957638,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,The Black Panther,Highly Recommended For StarWars Fans!!!
,Recommended,208580,25516330,"Posted: 15 September, 2016",all,Dick Winters,"Port ReviewI want to focus on the PC/Mac/Linux port and, more importantly, the July 2015 update from Aspyr. I originally played through this game at the tail end of 2004 on the Xbox and had a pretty terrible time trying to run through the PC port several years later. The game did not originally have widescreen support, so you had to use third-party programs to properly adjust the resolution, but then the user interface and text were messed up, so you had to find another solution to a new problem. If you wanted to play the game on a bigger display with a controller, hopefully you had your old directinput Logitech controller laying around, or else it wasn't happening. The developers didn't have time to complete the game's story, much less fix lightsaber effect bugs. All said, if you wanted to play this game on a computer with a mouse and keyboard on a 4:3 display, you probably wouldn't have had many issues. By the time I got around to the PC version, modders had furiously worked together to piece cut content back together.Then, in July 2015, out of the blue, Aspyr released an update for this game. Now it is playable with both Mac OS X and Linux operating systems. There's native widescreen support, in addition to resolution options up to 5k (5120x2880). Pretty much every controller under the sun is now supported, whether it be directinput or xinput. They added Steam Cloud save support and achievements. Maybe most importantly, however, is they added Steam Workshop support so you can easily add the cut content back into the game.Nearly any computer that can run Windows 7 or newer should be able to play this game without issues. Any Mac that can (officially) run OS 10.9.5 or higher shouldn't have any issues, either. I'm assuming if you have Linux you've probably already beat this game twice and whatever Frankenstein you've put together will run it.Thanks to both the modders and Aspyr for their support of this game over the past decade."
,Recommended,208580,33007216,Posted: 29 June,all,King of Shadows,"This is the very definition of a game thats stands the test of time,  13 years and still enjoyed by thousands. Full of Star Wars back story and lure. Thanks to the recent offficial update and modding community this game is even better than before. What other Star Wars game do you need in your library? Best RPG game to stand the test of time, even when your old you'll still be playing this tellling your kids their games are crap compared to this one.10/10"
76561198044082642,Recommended,208580,31870471,Posted: 20 May,all,Jubilant,"One of the best RPG's that was ever made. The story, the characters, and the gameplay are all stellar. An older game, but a gem.the only issue is that it was unifinished and has a lot of bugs/glitches in it, but thankfully the PC version can be fixed up through mods and patches to remove all those issues"
,Recommended,208580,30262646,Posted: 1 March,all,Imp,"Play it, love it. Just a warning, lots of bugs, but google it and it`s no problem."
,Recommended,208580,26218124,"Posted: 25 October, 2016",all,DarkReaperZer0,This is such a fantastic game! I recommend everybody try it out!
,Recommended,208580,23440043,"Posted: 7 June, 2016",all,Iseloom,This is one of those games which title i would tattoo on my forehead and pray it would be cool someday.
,Recommended,208580,19101502,"Posted: 15 November, 2015",all,berkough,"This is one of my favourite RPGs of all-time. And I think Aspyr did an awesome job with the update, it looks beautiful at HD resolutions for an 11 year old game, and the added controller support is nice since I have my Linux gaming rig connected to my TV.if this was a game you missed when it came out, I would highly recommend it for any RPG or Star Wars fan (especially if you like the d20 system), and if you've already played it, definitely worth checking out since the update."
76561198125811268,Recommended,208580,30786582,Posted: 27 March,all,Dumb fagg,man i had so much fun with this game.great storygreat endinggreat combatgreat game
,Recommended,208580,358921,"Posted: 10 September, 2012",all,Lukozer,"Finally, the game is working on Windows 7 and 8.x (at least it does if you have an Nvidia graphics card). A much darker, in-depth storyline compared to the first KOTOR and if you install the Restored Content mod, many of the bugs are fixed and a lot of the cut scenes are brought back, making the story far less disjointed. An excellent sequel to KOTOR (and coming from someone who hates sequels, that's high praise!) that's well worth the low asking price."
,Recommended,208580,24127929,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,Vahn,Awesome game!
76561198188558683,Recommended,208580,24746977,"Posted: 6 August, 2016",all,+Templar NATOMILTARY+,"This game is awesome!!!!!! The exile rocks!! And if you really love this game, make sure you get the mods for it. I'm not talking about the silly mods steam has im talking about the ones online you download! They are a must have! Especially for those who've played this game 10x over and need some extra content!"
76561198050964797,Recommended,208580,10195564,"Posted: 22 May, 2014",all,Allenspellwaver,"Let's start with the bad: What you heard is true. The game is BUGGY. I mean very very buggy. Before you go, install the latest version of The Sith Lord Content Restore Mod (TSLCRM). It fixed a lot of bugs and restored some content that was not presented in the game because Obsidian rushed the game to the market. Yet, the game still feels unpolished. SIde quests may be bugged out, your characters will be randomly stuck in odd locations, and the companion AI is very dumb.If you can standl the bugged out quests in your journal and all the other weird bugs you may encounter, Kotor 2 is a very unique Star Wars and RPG experience. The story did not take the straightfoward good-defeat-evil cliche like in the first game, instead, it is very deep. I think it's probably one of the best Star Wars story out there. It also looks very cinematic. Some camera moves during cutscenes are very well done. The ending is left to be desired however.Gameplaywise, the game is pretty much the same with the first one with some new skills and combat animation. You can mess around with almost all the items. If you played the first Kotor or other DND games like Dragon Age, you won't take too much time to get your hands on.To be concluded, it's a very good game. Buggy, but still good. I will give it an 8.5/10."
,Recommended,208580,10475145,"Posted: 14 June, 2014",all,FTWiener,"KotOR II is The Empire Strike's Back to the original KotOR's A New Hope....Seriously, that analogy is enough. Just go and play it."
76561198029126609,Recommended,208580,20633933,"Posted: 19 January, 2016",all,Padishah,"One of the best STAR WARS games ever, simply amazing stuff.If you are a fan of RPG's and/or STAR WARS play this game!9/10"
,Recommended,208580,25544178,"Posted: 17 September, 2016",all,BeEzy.519,Great update to one of the greatest RPGS of all time.  LOVE the gamepad support and achievments!
,Recommended,208580,9649459,"Posted: 27 March, 2014",all,Grande Queso's 200 pesos,"My favorite RPG of all time.Before you play, I recomend downloading the RCM(Restored content mod). Alot of content was cut from the game because it was rushed for a christmas relise, but they left the files in the games folders for the modders to make use of. This mod does just that: make use of it.Amazing game. Limitless hours of gameplay.Everytime you play, its a little different. Weather you chose light side or dark side, Male or Female, or even say ""I will not kill you"" instead of ""You deserve to die"", could change the rest of the game.Tons of levels and powers to unlock. I did almost all of the side quests and I still dont have everything.Fly aboard the legendary Ebon Hawk across 7 different planets(including the final planet), from the fuel rock of Peragus II to the cesspool of Nar Shaddaa.Without the mod I give it a 7/10With the mod its a full 10/10."
,Recommended,208580,10258778,"Posted: 27 May, 2014",all,Alice,"The most interesting Star Wars RPG you can play, featuring some of the best Star Wars characters ever. You really need to see it to believe it."
,Recommended,208580,15599955,"Posted: 28 April, 2015",all,KING OF THE DIRTY DANS,"Best Star Wars Game Ever, Period"
,Recommended,208580,17134344,"Posted: 19 July, 2015",all,justin,"This is an amazing game, but it was rushed to be released and so it has many game-breaking issues. To fix these issues, and add the content that was intented to be in the game, I reccomend downloading the TSLCRM mod and the M4-78 mod. Those are the only ""mandatory mods"", so after that you can get any other ones, provided they're compatible. This game picks up a bit after where the last one left off, so I'd reccomend playing that one first.STORY (Minor spoilers)[Canonically, the protagonist is a human female named Meetra Surik]You play as the Exile/Meetra Surik, a former Jedi who fought in the Mandalorian wars under Revan(The first game's protagonist). However, the Exile, like her name suggests, was exiled from the Jedi Order for going against them by leaving with Revan. This is just the Exile's backstory, as the game picks up on Telos, a space station that is barely functioning and soon going to explode. The Exile must escape the station and return to her ship with the help of 3 companions you find along the way. After that, depending on whether you want to play as a good little Jedi, or an evil Sith, you will try to find all of the leftover Jedi to get their help and find out why you were exiled, or to murder them all, with the help of 9 companions you find scattered around the galaxy.Pros+ Interesting, suprising ending based on your choices in the game+Solid, tactical gameplay.+ Not just an open world, an OPEN GALAXY+ Each companion has a rich backstory and companions are actually very useful+ Detailed crafting and upgrading systems+ Great replayability+ Filled with great Star Wars lore+ Your actions affect the entire galaxy and many of the people in it, including your companions+ Prestige classes change things up early/mid-game+ YOU CAN TURN YOUR COMPANIONS INTO JEDI OR DARK JEDI!+ When you reach end-game, you will be god-like with your force powers; On my way to the final area, I was clearing rooms with just one shot of Force Storm.Cons- Dated graphics- Game breaking glitches are present without proper fixes- Dialogue can be strange and confusing at times- In many cases your quests will fail to update or you'll be clueless on where to go- Some game-breaking glitches can be exploited and make the game too easy- Game rarely presents the player with a challengeMixed-/+ Forced to use certain companions at timesFinal RatingThis game is a solid 9/10 for me. The game is NOT perfect because of the heavy amount of glitches present, yet the gameplay and story make up for it. I reccomend this game for ANY Star Wars fan or RPG fan. Buy this game!Useful links:The Sith Lords: Restored Contenthttp://www.moddb.com/mods/the-sith-lords-restored-content-mod-tslrcmM4-78 Restored Contenthttp://www.moddb.com/mods/the-sith-lords-restored-content-mod-tslrcm/downloads/m4-78ep-patchedGamebanshee's guide of this game (EXTREMELY USEFUL RESOURCE)http://www.gamebanshee.com/starwarskotorii/"
76561198037396227,Recommended,208580,16753351,"Posted: 27 June, 2015",all,Rob,"One of the best Star Wars RPG's i've ever played. On par with the first KOTOR, this sequel takes place 5 years after the events of KOTOR 1 and are an extension of the great sith war taking place 4000 years before the Battle of Yavin and the destruction of the empire's ultimate weapon. The story follows a jedi exile, canonically a female, however a choice of male doesn't affect the storyline in any way besides dialogue options, and is a story of loss, betrayal, ardousness and above all redemption. From amazing scenery, to great weapons and an addictive turn based combat system with pause features, this game is one of the most enjoyable from bioware and an integral part of the star wars canon of the Old Republic days. It isn't the graphically advanced games of new, but this in my opinion is the last requisite on a list to enjoy this game. Amazingly done voice acting, dialogue is on point, fantastic environmental work and just a great RPG game that really makes you feel like the hero, or villian if you want to be. choose your path, paragon in action, or a devil in disguise, you play as jedi or sith, be aware that each choice has repurcussions! and the fate of the galaxy will once again rest on your shoulders. An exceptionally made game, easily a 9/10 and even a 10.Would buy it for any price, and would suggest playing the first to grasp the entirety of the plot and story linearity, however is not required. Great game and an absolute Star Wars iconocism."
,Recommended,208580,15215579,"Posted: 5 April, 2015",all,FireThief,"Huge fan of the first game when it came out and I've completed it more times than I can remember. I got this game in January 2015 hoping it to be as good as the original.I was not disappointed.Its  fantastic game that you can repeat over and over again and it doesn't get boring. Each time you play you discover a new challenge, extra interactions with characters, new possibilities and new gear. Whether you start as a grey jedi, dark or jedi the possibilities are endless.If you enjoy RPGs and strategy games then this is perfect for you- the best thing is, is that you don't need to know much if anything about the first game or Star Wars in general to play.Great game!"
,Recommended,208580,16011573,"Posted: 26 May, 2015",all,Pakkidis,"Rating 7.5/10Note: I played with the restoration mod. It is HIGHLY recommended that you play with this mod as it fixes a lot of bugs/glitches as well as restore lost content. It brings the game closer to the original intentions of the developersThe Good:+ The game has a lot of robust options in how you build your character. You start by choosing between 3 classes: Guardian, Consular or Sentinel. Each class obviously focuses on different aspects of combat. Further in the game you can then further specialize your classes. You can fully customize your character how you wish between attributes, skills, feats and Jedi powers. All of this leads to many different options and replayability in how you design your character+ The core aspect of the game is that as you can either play as a Jedi that is good or evil. Saving people, being kind and choosing the peaceful solution leads you to the light side while doing the opposite leads you to the dark side. Doing so leads to certain bonuses to your Jedi Powers. Being good means Light side powers will use less mana and dark side powers cost more and vice versa. I find the system to be very effective because it ties morality choices into game play, a feature that seems to be very lacking in today's modern games.+ The second core aspect is how you respond and handle situations with your party members. You can gain or lose influence with them. If you gain enough influence with any particular party member, new dialogue options open up resulting in more background to the story, and/or stat increases for you or your party member. It is not mandatory as you can easily complete the game without gaining any influence with anybody but it adds a nice touch to the game and offers more options.+ The story, although confusing in the beginning because it throws so much at you does get increasingly better. The story is presented very well because of the great dialogue options and fantastic writing. Obsidian is easily one of the best in the industry regarding writing.+ If there is any company that can match or exceed Bioware in writing for npc characters its Obsidian. Every party member that joins you in your quest is well written and interesting. Every party member has alternative motives for joining you which makes things more exciting and not every party member gets along with each other. These ideas are explored the further you progress in the game.+ Every planet you visit feels different. The game throws a few twists in for good measure to keep things fresh.+ Well written Side Quests+ modsThe Average:Sadly there was no improvement with combat. The combat in the game is really showing its age. I never particularly liked the combat because it's not very engaging.Certain force powers, skills, feats are game breaking while others are completely useless.The Bad:- The UI especially navigating to find items in your inventory is a chore and frustrating. The inventory screen is a long list of your items. There are options to filter the list based on specific items but this doesn't fix the overall problem of a bad overall inventory management system.- The game forces you to do solo missions either as yourself or one of your party members. These sections are frustrating and awful only because the combat was never designed around solo play. This problem is further compounded if you auto-leveled up any of your party members. Playing a solo section with a party member that has all the wrong attributes/skills/feats is painful.- Last few areas have cut and paste environments. Obvious that development was rushed at the end.ConclusionA worthy follow up to one of the best RPG's for its time. Obsidian once again shows that it is one of the best when it comes to writing a great story with great characters. It's sad that it takes a mod to fix a lot of the problems with the game. If you loved the first game then there is no reason not to love this one as well."
,Recommended,208580,15642945,"Posted: 1 May, 2015",all,Chuckballs,"No joke, this is the 5th best RPG ever made. truly a master peice ahead of its time.its true, you will have to download some mods to get the full experiance, and a mod for widescreen...and even past that, the graphics havent aged well, and the movies are really small....ONLY BUY IF YOU LIKE SMALL MOVIESjk 10/10 gr8 game."
,Recommended,208580,8216472,"Posted: 22 December, 2013",all,The Maple Merchant,"The best story in the Star Wars Universe since Episode 4, a must play"
,Recommended,208580,17287468,"Posted: 29 July, 2015",all,jimbobslimbob,"A good sequel to a great game. It improves on the first game in many ways, but was held back by a rushed development (missing content) and buggy release. This can easily be fixed by using the restoration mod - available on the Steam workshop for easy install.Put these things aside and you will still find the game to be amazingly good fun. This and it's prequel are two of the best Star Wars games ever made. Scratch that, they are two of the best games ever made, period. A real shame that we don't get to see more of this kind of genius these days. The new MMO ""The Old Republic"" can't hold a torch to this classic.Jimbo Rating: 9/10"
,Recommended,208580,809918,"Posted: 29 November, 2012",all,King Grimroc,"8/10Obsidian, the king of sequels! Known not only for the sequel to KotOR, but also the sequels to Fallout 3, and Neverwinter Nights, and also making the 3rd Dungeon Siege game. One thing we can learn from these guys track record is that while they will sometimes make a decent engine seem a lot more buggy, they have a good ability to craft an even better story than their predecessors (most of the time). And that is no different in KotOR 2.Taking the ball that Bioware handed off, and running full force with it, Obsidian brings players back to the world of the old Republic, and puts them back in the role of a Jedi, and his or her team as they battle the evil forces of the dark side, or ultimately succumb to it. More so in this game than its predecessor, you actually feel the changes in your choices having an impact on your entire team, and people you meet.  You can be the good jedi, following the righteous path and helping those in need. You can go straight evil, and fell those who get in your way despite being good natured. You can be sneaky and devious, neutral, or whatever you wish. Most dialogue paths have a good number of options to change the outcomes. Ultimately though, it either leads to a gain in light or dark side points, or nothing at all. So play it how you want!KotOR 2 is a team based RPG adventure game, with 3D visuals, and battles happening in real time, with a mix of turn based elements that use the age old 'dice rules' method for any moves you may choose to dish out to your foes in the heat of battle. You see enemies, you choose your moves. You can also switch between one of the 3 currently chosen party characters at will at any time, during and out of battle to strategize. And over the course of the game, you will find a number of teammates to accompany you on your adventure. Some required for the adventure, and some can tag along based on choices you make. Like in most RPGs, you can gain new skills and abilities by leveling up. Speaking of which, the level cap from KotOR 1 has not been rasied, but rather, removed!Rather than taking place on 1 world, like in most RPGs, KotOR 2 will have you venturing across many different planets on your journey. Aside from a lengthy first few areas, the game opens up into something grand and open ended after about the 3 or 4 hour mark, with several planets to explore. You will travel from planet to planet on your ship, the Ebon Hawk, which is also where can converse with your entire team. Once on a planets surface, feel free to explore the locals. Shop, talk to people. Do side quests. And more! There are a few mini games even to be found in the game, including a card game, and a sort of pod racing mini game.While there is a lot to be said positvely about KotOR 2, it is not without its faults. The game is still a bit buggy, but not as much as when it first came out. Animations can be a little off when interacting with objects. Characters can get still get stuck. Sometimes characters will stand in odd places when conversing, and more. Also, there is little adjusting for graphical settings. You will pretty much need to mod the game if you want to play it at your monitors resolution. It can be a hassle, but it is easily done with the right tools, and very much worth it. Modded, KotOR 2 looks a helluva lot better than what I remembered playing many years ago.Bottom line, if you are a Star Wars, or an RPG fan, you owe it to yourself to pick up one of the games that helped pave the way for games like Mass Effect. Buy this game!"
,Recommended,208580,4385797,"Posted: 21 February, 2013",all,Shotime,"Preface: I used the Restored Content Mod while playing this game.KotOR 2, this time brought to us by Obsidian Entertainment, at first glance appears to be its predecessor's hotter, younger cousin.  There are many fixes to complaints I had for the first game: better menu system (inventory management still needs work), cleaner, faster, better looking, containers show if they're empty, datapads are read automatically, even walking in spacesuits is faster (although it looks funny, seems they just upped the animation speed).  There are more force powers to use, cool special character abilities, and there's better rollplaying since there are a lot more options to what you can do.  For example if your level in Treat Injury is high then more dialogue options open up for you allowing you to truly play the game how you want!  Or...it actually doesn't.  This game was *extremely* aggravating at times.  Once again the designers felt like it was a good idea to throw you into 1v1 duels, so the belief that you could actually roleplay was a mere fantasy that is ripped from your fingers less than a quarter through the game.  To make it worse, there are sections where there are *unskippable cutscenes* right before duels.  This is the biggest pain ever, especially if you're already getting annoyed at the required 1v1 battles you go through.  I would highly recommend ignoring anything but force and battle prowess (melee too, blasters blow), not only for your main character, but for *all* of your characters.  That's right!  It wasn't bad enough making your main character duel, now a large portion of your companions have to do battles (or even entire segments of the game - ie long dungeons) by themselves.  The worst offender of this has to be the HK factory, where you're expected to use HK-47 against an army of droids.  It was terrible, I literally *could not* play through that section the way I built my HK-47.  It made me feel as if I was playing ""wrong"".  No game should have that effect, *especially* an RPG.  Luckily this game has a console that you can enable because that was the only way to struggle through that section of the game.  As if this complaint wasn't bad enough, the *most important* part of an RPG, the storytelling, wasn't very good.  I enjoyed the journey of the original much more than I did in KotOR 2.  Even *with* the rcm I felt like some of the character's backstories were done halfway through the game and the plot and storytelling was convoluted to put it lightly.  Your companions *attack* each other, seemingly without consequence at times.  It was confusing and distracting.  And the ending straight up sucked.  It was literally dialogue choices, and this is coming from a guy who didn't mind Deus Ex: HR's ending.This game didn't just need a restored content mod, it needed a drastic overhaul, fix, and rewrite - that's the only reason I can recommend this game - the modding community.  It's really big, even to this day.  The RCM is the tip of the iceberg, and if you didn't like the way the game did something you can probably fix it.Pros:ModsUpgraded EngineT3-M4 has a personailty now!Cons:StorytellingBuggyGameplayHK-47's personailty sucks now!This game really disappointed me.  It had so much potential but fell flat on its face.  I recommend it if you like getting your hands dirty with mods as that's the only redeeming factor KotOR 2 has.  If you're looking for a good sci-fi RPG play the Mass Effect series instead - and I *like* Star Wars. B"
,Recommended,208580,12495384,"Posted: 14 October, 2014",all,Mithranuu,"A worthy sucessor to KOTOR, but beware of glitches, they will strike when you least expect it..........EDIT: I feel obligated to mention that my hours are actually not representatative of the time I spend playing, because I bought this on Steam after I lost my original disk. The actual gameplay is great, but it is buggy, very buggy, because this was a rushed christmas release. This also means that there are segments of the story that were cut, in order to experience them you can download the mod TSLRCM (The Sith Lords Restored Content Mod), but even then you may still have issues with bugs and glitches. All and all, however, this is a great game."
76561198058486448,Recommended,208580,31058222,Posted: 10 April,all,Left,"This is my very favorite video game, Today I am trying a bunch of the workshop content. Star wars is great!"
,Recommended,208580,31154093,Posted: 15 April,all,pales aka anom,a solid classic.
76561198070762681,Recommended,208580,13851252,"Posted: 5 January, 2015",all,jsampson123,soo real..
,Recommended,208580,8181074,"Posted: 21 December, 2013",all,cowsaysoink,"Both a massive improvement and a massive disappointment over the first KotOR, this is, unfortunately, another one of Obsidian's rushed games. Through no fault of their own they were forced to release an unfinished game, leaving us with some plotlines that didn't go anywhere and quite a few bugs. Although Obsidian were denied the chance to fix their game through patches by Lucasarts, modders went to work on restoring a lot of cut content and fixing bugs. I waited for a lot of years and saw a couple projects dissolve, but eventually one came out and it's pretty great. I would recommend playing with The Sith Lords Restored Content Mod (TSLRCM) on a first playthrough, as without it you may be left with sour disappointment in some aspects of the game.http://www.moddb.com/mods/the-sith-lords-restored-content-mod-tslrcmOn that page there's also the planet M4-78 which was cut from the game entirely. You can try it out but I personally did not like it very much. Even on a modern machine I ran into performance issues, and it felt awkward and long. I wouldn't recommend it for a first playthrough."
76561198053266537,Recommended,208580,12856180,"Posted: 8 November, 2014",all,Reynol1200,A must have for any Star Wars fan includong the first one
,Recommended,208580,10343304,"Posted: 4 June, 2014",all,Multi,"It's buggy, it's broken, and unless you get third party mods or have a great computer, you won't be able to watch the cutscenes, but I still love it all the same. Gaming history here."
76561198102875727,Recommended,208580,10194319,"Posted: 21 May, 2014",all,the 8th deadly sin,for its age this game is still an amazing one but the only down side is there were only two kotors made
76561198134870565,Recommended,208580,22855468,"Posted: 7 May, 2016",all,King Ashafire,I love Star Wars movies and games but im having problems turning this on but thats probably becuase of my computer the game is super fun long and enjoyable there are boring times but it makes up for it so yeah devinitly Recommend it
,Recommended,208580,10874246,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,Nerdy,If you are going to get this make sure to get TSLCRM - The Sith Lords Content Restored Mod. It restores a bunch of content that was cut from the game and makes it much more complete.
,Recommended,208580,1916511,"Posted: 6 July, 2013",all,Woggy,"Improves on the original in every way, and when you decide to restore the cut content, it feels like a whole new game. That is also amazing. The characters are great, and even Disciple isn't hateable."
,Recommended,208580,698483,"Posted: 23 August, 2012",all,FoeHammer,"Quite possibly my favorite RPG of all time.  Improved everything from the original.  Better combat system, better atmosphere, better characters, better quests, vastly better writing, and best yet, no derivative, paint-by-the-numbers story that Bioware is known for.  This game epitomizes what a sequel should be."
76561198089066845,Recommended,208580,10837201,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,Brwbagspcl,"A great classic, that plays even better on the PC!10/10"
76561198044287855,Recommended,208580,5023645,"Posted: 23 July, 2013",all,sith_23,"It took me 60 hours to finish and I still left some things to do behind. A great sequel to the first KOTOR.If you enjoyed the first one, you will surely have a lot of fun."
76561198090382657,Recommended,208580,19195964,"Posted: 21 November, 2015",all,Boskov01,"If you're a fan of The Old Republic MMO, this should probably be a game you should consider, especially if you're a lore junkie like me. The Knights of the Old Republic games are not only great RPG games, but they're also rich in Star Wars Lore. I played this game back when it first came out and since then it's hard to get the original CDs to install and run correctly on modern systems. Thankfully Steam offers this version of KOTOR and KOTOR 2 which are compatible for Modern Systems.Knights of the Old Republic II (or KOTOR2) is set roughly five years after the events of the first KOTOR and feautres a new protaganist: The Jedi Exile. The Galaxy is picking up the pieces from the Jedi Civil War. Most of the Galaxy's surviving Jedi have either been killed or gone deep into hiding while a trio of Sith Lords, Darth Sion, Darth Nihilus, and a third unknown Sith Lord hunt down the Jedi with the intent of wiping them all out and finishing them off. Along the way, the Exile picks up allies such as the scoundrel and smuggler, Atton Rand, the mysterious blind woman Kreia, and Bao Dur the Iridonian technician. Some familiar faces come along for the ride as well such as T3-M4 and the fan favorite HK-47. Plus if you've played the original Knights of the Old Republic, you'll recognize the voice coming through the speakers of Mandalore's mask.It's the first game I can think of where your character's gender and alignment detemines which allies you get. Males get the Handmaiden, an Echani woman who serves the Jedi yet isn't one due to an oath she and her sisters swore. Females get the Disciple, a researcher and historian looking into the Jedi and tries to determine their fate. Light Siders get Mira, a Bounty Huntress with a grenade/dart launcher on her wrist while Dark Siders get a deranged Wookiee with a bad attitude.In terms of gameplay, KOTOR 2 takes the gameplay features of the original KOTOR and improves on it. Combat is virtually unchanged but other mechanics are improved such as the ability to equip two sets of weapons and swap between them as the need arises without having to go into the inventory screen to swap out blasters for a lightsaber. You also gain the ability to craft items such as blasters, simple armor sets, bladed weapons, and other items with a relatively simple crafting menu at workbenches and first aid stations. How you interact with your allies and other people determines how they react to you. Certain characters favor evil actions and become less willing to speak with you if you perform good actions. There are other characters who behave the opposite way and then there are characters like T3-M4 who is completely neutral and doesn't react either way.Prior to the ""Great Canon Purge"" after Disney acquired Lucasfilm and all of its associated properties, the Jedi Exile was recognized as a female named Meetra Surik who stayed true to the Light Side of the Force and the Jedi. However, you don't have to adhere to Canon and can play this game however you want."
,Recommended,208580,19203196,"Posted: 21 November, 2015",all,callum_583,one of my favourite games to play still puts up well even though old plus the restored content mod is a great add on
76561198194733025,Recommended,208580,19129050,"Posted: 17 November, 2015",all,maja,"Played with the restored content mod in Windows 10. I had to turn on compatibility mode and then everything went fine.The game itself..  still feels incomplete, even with the restored content. It's also very easy, I can think of only one difficult encounter in the whole game and even that one could happen only for certain kind of character builds. The story itself has a few interesting twists, but the pacing of the storytelling is flawed and unpolished.I remember playing the first game many years ago and it awekened my interest for videogames after I hadn't clicked any kind of ""new game"" for many years. This one feels like a dungeon crawler with huge and empty corridors and a few brilliant ideas thrown in every so often.Still, it kept me playing for a few days. I even considered of giving the Old Republic MMORPG a try because of the potential expressed in this game, so...  thumb-up, 3/5."
,Recommended,208580,19404465,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,ahmybrain,"Play this♥♥♥♥♥♥with The Sith Lords Restored Content Modification and M4-78 Enhancement Project.  Deffo better than KOTOR1 and one of my favorite RPGs of all time, now as close to how it should have been originally as it's gonna get."
,Recommended,208580,19695593,"Posted: 14 December, 2015",all,mathayoo,"After all these years with this update its not just playable again, but even better.Modded it right away, got the Restored Content Mod:Not that it wouldnt be fun to rush along it but im not really a fan of the Peragus levels so i skipped that as always (mod also),I planned to be as evil as possible from the beginning but I recieved so many good old feelings from the companions that i couldnt do it, even more with the restored content,The ending really focused on the companions finally, which always got left out from the original version.I have to say, thank you!Play it!"
,Recommended,208580,716986,"Posted: 27 August, 2012",all,Hannibal Smith,"The combat is a bit clunky, but this is still the best written RPG I've ever played."
,Recommended,208580,19779432,"Posted: 19 December, 2015",all,Рад вас сно́ва ви́деть.,Old but gold.
76561198024328126,Recommended,208580,20037266,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,SkullBreaker,"I played this game years ago and finished it on a non steam edition, I decided that this game have to to be played again! Now I have it on steam as well."
76561198251777188,Recommended,208580,20126179,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,creeperboommyhouse,This is one of the best Star Wars RPG games avaliable. I am very happy that they decided to put a new update from Aspyr that makes the game compatible on modern machines. I recommend this game to anyone who likes RPG games with hundreds of choices. I also recommend downloading the TSLCRM 1.8.4 mod from the steam workshop for the ultimate Star Wars Knights Of The Old Republic 2 experience!
,Recommended,208580,8387984,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,tmcghan,"KotOR 2 wasn't developed by BioWare, who was busy working on Mass Effect at the time, after having the IP yanked away. However, Obsidian did a pretty good job. It had a high bar to try and meet with respect to its predecessor, but this game still has excellent gameplay elements, references and cameos from the first game without becoming campy, and another well-told story. It's worth your time, even if it is becoming a bit dated at this point."
,Recommended,208580,20137369,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,Psychoplatypus,Great game. Although most people prefer KOTOR over this game I think both stack up well against eachother. Now if ony we could get KOTOR 3:(.
,Recommended,208580,20095480,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,Tinche,"With the content mod, can truly stand shoulder to shoulder with KOTOR I as one of the best RPGs of the 2000's. Highly recommended."
,Recommended,208580,20194091,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,Morbeaver,one of the best RPG's of all time. It literally made me a sadder person when they annouced the mmo was coming out instead of KOTOR 3. God i hope they make a KOTOR 3.
,Recommended,208580,20162368,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,neonamite,good
,Recommended,208580,2247422,"Posted: 21 July, 2013",all,Baxiel,"So, for all of you holdouts out there, I'd like to talk a bit about my favorite game of all time. The gameplay may not be for everybody (although I and many RPG fans do enjoy it), the original release was a shell of a game, and yet, KOTOR 2 has cemented it's spot as my favorite game of all time for years. 6 years, in fact: once TSLRCM 1.5 (The Restored Content Mod) was released in late 2009 and articles started to circulate, I replayed for the first time in years and fell in love.Gameplay: With the Restored Content Mod, it's essentially the same as the first KOTOR (necessary to really enjoy and understand the second one IMO). There are some new powers and feats, there's some rebalancing, but it feels pretty much identical. Same engine and all. If you've played KOTOR, Skip this.The gameplay involves a fusion of turn based and real time RPG mechanics. You encounter enemies, and can pause to click on enemies and select actions for you and up to two party members, similar to Dragon Age and Mass Effect. Characters level up and learn new feats (vanilla character enhancements and new moves) and Force powers (if the character is Force-Senstive).Out of combat, you walk around in real time and click to interact with things. In conversations, you have many choices for dialogue (over 5 isn't rare) and each one is fully written out (no misunderstandings from a conversation wheel!). Think Fallout: New Vegas (Fun Fact: Obsidian developed KOTOR 2 *and* F:NV).Graphics: The game came out in 2005 and looked kinda dated for back then. The game can clean up nicely with mods, but it will not be looking anything near as good as even the original Mass Effect. Still, the graphics do their job, and the environments and skyboxes are both well done. Characters have a subtle range of facial emotion. Atmosphere is good.Sound: With TSLRCM (I can't recommend it enough!), the sound becomes a strong part of the game. Weapon sounds are more pronounced and consistent, music is timed well and highly atmospheric, and you forget about the early 2000s graphics. Voice acting is excellent, with a few exceptions amongst minor characters you may see in side quests. The main character is not voiced, however.Story: Much of the story and atmosphere of the game is best to be discovered as you play, but a general summary is fine. You play as a Jedi Exile (Canonically Female, named Meetra Surik), who was banished from the order for helping lead a war call to protect planets from the Mandalorians against the orders of the Jedi Council. The Council's reasons for staying out of the war are vague and are meant to be. The war ended with great sacrifices, and your connection to the Force was lost. This unique backdrop sets the tone for a complete deconstruction of everything Star Wars. There are somewhat legitimate Gray Jedi builds (unaigned and with bonuses from certain armor or weapons), Nihilistic overtones, and Sith like you've never seen before.KOTOR 2 is without a doubt my favorite game story of all time, even beating out Deus Ex and Half-Life. It works so well as a deconstruction of everything Star Wars. This is not your ordinary Star Wars game, and if you have at least watched the movies and played the first KOTOR, you are in for what I would dare call a storytelling masterpiece."
,Recommended,208580,9914801,"Posted: 23 April, 2014",all,sethlav,"I personally love this game I orginally bought it when it came out on xbox and played it all the time, but when I found out that they had a restored content mod I bought the game on Steam and downloaded the mod.  That being said if you are thinking of getting this game you should also get the restored content mod and if you feel up to it the M4-78 cut planet mod."
,Recommended,208580,10089797,"Posted: 11 May, 2014",all,crusadelord,While it may not be as good as the first one it still holds its own as a great entry in the series and a fun game with an engaging story and characters
,Recommended,208580,18900418,"Posted: 5 November, 2015",all,APatheticMan,"Best star wars game ever, truly love this series its amazing, just need a third now"
76561198155859158,Recommended,208580,21560203,"Posted: 1 March, 2016",all,JU2T1C3 F0R A11,Need I say anything?
,Recommended,208580,19957696,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,Creamed Regularly,"this game is crap, I was expecting a multiplayer only experience like in the recent battlefront game..Bantha fodder"
76561197995633765,Recommended,208580,19665839,"Posted: 12 December, 2015",all,[PALS] Cuuniyevo,"This game is one of my top 5 favorite Star Wars games ever made… but it is still kind of a mess. It has bugs, plot-holes, moments of broken scripting and dialogue that feels like it's missing crucial sentences but it is still a great game. Modders have tried very hard, bless their hearts, but it's unlikely the Sith Lords will ever be made whole.What's here is still absolutely worth experiencing though, so if you have any attachment to the Star Wars universe, buying this is a no-brainer and even if you just like RPG's and story-driven games, I highly recommend giving it a shot.On a side note, my most recent playthrough (of many) was early in 2015, right before achievements were added, and it accounted for roughly 38 hours of play-time. I was playing with the latest versions of TSL Restored Content Mod and M4-78 Enhancement Project. As with the main game, they're not perfect, but a lot of great work has been put into them and you should check them out if you can."
76561198007704796,Recommended,208580,23098187,"Posted: 20 May, 2016",all,Slav Man,"This game is a good game because it has a start of confusion, darkness and stratergy in it. I have played the game and i find it very satisfiying, such as in my gameplay as a jedi i always try to go on the good path and that makes me feel good about myself and to look at my character to see that he is badass in every way possible and there is some funny♥♥♥♥♥♥some people say in the game and some things that♥♥♥♥♥♥you off which is why it is a good game because it has such good dialouge its really ♥♥♥♥ing good, that is my opinion/review about this game."
,Recommended,208580,23847282,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,xShane,"I didn't really played this one much, but i've played KOTOR 1 non-steam, and finished it like 10 times, its just epic."
,Recommended,208580,22144446,"Posted: 30 March, 2016",all,Ya' Boi,"First Star Wars game I ever played, eventhough I was 9 years old and couldn't read English, I got through the game. I remember Darth Sion being a really easy boss with max flurry.Recommended for RPG lovers and Star Wars fans!"
,Recommended,208580,645166,"Posted: 24 August, 2012",all,a famous celebrity,"GOOD LORD WHAT THE HELL I DON'T UNDERSTAND WHYThis game was never coming to Steam. Never, not in a million billion years, not even in a galaxy far, far away. It was the best Star Wars game they never wanted anyone to play - blacklisted by the publishers, for one magnificent reason - it was the best anti-Star Wars game ever made.But what hurt them the most was it was also one of the best Star Wars games ever made.If you liked the original, you'll love the sequel. Hands-down it improves, tweaks, and drags everything set by the previous game into a whole new light. The only thing holding it back from mythical, genre-smashing record is the fact that it just wasn't finished. It was rushed, pushed out before it was done, and probably through no fault at all of the developer (Obsidian).Seriously, if you love role-playing games, and either love or hate Star Wars, you get this. You get it now and Stop Worrying And Learn How To Love The Kreiya. God-damn. KOTOR2 on Steam."
,Recommended,208580,6534739,"Posted: 25 January, 2013",all,Dragonborn_N7,"Star Wars - Knights of the Republic II: The Sith Lords is the sequel to one of the greatest videogames of all-time, Star Wars: Knights of the Republic. As you can imagine, the game has a lot to live up to. How does it fare? Pretty damn well. In terms of gameplay and technical (graphics, animations) prowess, KOTOR II is superior to its predesccesor. The narrative isn't quite as strong, due to KOTOR II's inconsistent second and third act that waste the narrative potential that was set up by the game's first act. The ending, in particular, is very, very underwhelming. Also, the villains of the game (Darth Traya, Darth Sion, and Darth Nihilus) don't reach the heights of the original KOTOR's Darth Malak. They are decent, servicable villains but don't get enough screen time and character development for them to be as memorable and compelling as they could have been. So, is KOTOR II better than KOTOR? Yes, and no. There are many moments in this game that are above many RPGs, including KOTOR itself, but many times it deliver in a way that's great but still not as impactful as you know it could have. I know LucasArts didn't give Obsidian that much time to develop this game, so that's why see such a great feeling of inconclusive incompleteness. Still, despite that, KOTOR II is a masterpiece. A very flawed one at that, but still a masterpiece nonetheless.*P.S.- There's a ""restoration mod"" for KOTOR II that fixes many of the narrative probolems the original build suffered from. This version of KOTOR II is the ultimate cut, and it delivers on most of the potential that the game has. It almost trumps KOTOR, but the original is still king. Get the mod if you can. It's great--and it will change the game drastically. :)"
76561198038527351,Recommended,208580,19976071,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,Obey ur Master,one of the best rpg's ... playing this nowadays
76561198009840015,Recommended,208580,2600310,"Posted: 25 August, 2012",all,BOT Carson,"A great case of an oldie but a goodie. With the newly added addition of The Restored Content Mod, this game truly is restored. KotOR II is one of the best cRPGs I've ever played. Its beautiful background and stunning music backs up the amazing voice acting and brilliant scripts that carry this game far further than any Star Wars title ever could on the silver screen.Player agency is at an all time high in this game. While it may not be as free roaming as the earlier Fallout games, this title will give you decisions that shape the game as you play. Most importantly, this game deals with the concept of ""morality"" better than any game I have played since. KotOR II changes the way you think about black and white choices, with there always being more to a situation than just the upfront value of A or B. It is that simple factor right there that makes this game what it is. It is a collection of choices wrapped in excellent storytelling, a beautiful background, and a masterful concert of talented musicians.TL;DRChoices, Morality, Music. Great game for in-depth RPGs"
,Recommended,208580,26680110,"Posted: 18 November, 2016",all,Frederick,"One of the greatest games I have ever played. Excellent story telling, excellent RPG style combat, great characters that actually have depth."
,Recommended,208580,8178240,"Posted: 21 December, 2013",all,InTheGhett0,"Quality game. A solid follow-up to KotR, which was a gem that set a new standard in Adventure-RPG's upon it's release once upon a time. Stay true to the original while providing the mandatory upgrades / adjustments to avoid being tagged as an expansion masquerading as a sequel. Some fan back-lash regarding the story is not without merit, but also a bit over-blown. Not as great as KotR was, but few games of the era were, if any.Definitely worth $2.50 - $5, but no more. A good play."
,Recommended,208580,8482645,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,Lora Grim,"My favourite Star Wars game of my childhood if not my all times favourite game ever. A major improvement on the first one and a genre defining game overall. The story is amazing, the gameplay is amazing, the characters are amazing the crafting is amazi- THIS GAME IS AMAZING. Get it."
76561198160152625,Recommended,208580,12620683,"Posted: 24 October, 2014",all,Sick6Sixx,"if you are a Star Wars fan, you must play this game."
76561198116230476,Recommended,208580,7947016,"Posted: 6 December, 2013",all,The Christmas Komodo,Game good. Make happy.
,Recommended,208580,9358817,"Posted: 5 March, 2014",all,Frabknando,"This game takes all of KotOR's mechanics and fine-tunes them to perfection. Every little thing has been tweaked to feel more natural and as a whole it makes the combat system a bit more fun to use.Sadly, it takes what could have been a fantastic story and throws it out the window half finished. When you finish this game you'll definitely be left wanting more, yet there won't be any.Just because of that, I'd say wait for a sale to pick this game up, but make sure that either way you do not miss this gem of a game."
76561198049646409,Recommended,208580,19669003,"Posted: 12 December, 2015",all,Robotusson,"I have severe bittersweet feelings for this game because it is incomplete.The graphics, the custscenes, and NPCs are pretty dated but the narrative, the lore and the characters you encounter are rich and fleshed out well.The characters give long soliloquies on their histories and motivations and towards the end they just kind of give up.There is a restored patch mod but there are rumors entire planets were removed, as evidenced by one of the characters mentioning a future quest and never coming to fruition.Also in the final dungeon you can see map markers of rooms with no doorways or tunnels connecting to them.The devs rushed this game to completion and thus some of it's appendages were mercilessly cut out.Then Bioware comitted an even greater sin by continuing the story in an MMO.Consider this, if you play Mass Effect pretend they were all Star Wars characters and in that universe and you can get a sense of the Star Wars series of games we were robbed of.10/10 will play again"
,Recommended,208580,19755582,"Posted: 17 December, 2015",all,Chip Butty,"If you have played the first KOTOR and liked it, you'll definitely enjoy playing this."
,Recommended,208580,19733468,"Posted: 16 December, 2015",all,Sl1ngShot,One of the best RPG games around and definitely the best one in Star Wars universe.A must play.
,Recommended,208580,17189278,"Posted: 23 July, 2015",all,Kaz,"For someone that has more than 200 hours on this game on PC, and probably 500 on xbox, this new update is amazing. I've used mods at filefront before like the restoration content mod but this.... this is just. THANK YOU VALVE I LOVE YOU.If you get this game, I highly reccomend you get the restoration mod in the steam workshop. It fills in the holes that LucasArts was too mean to let them finish."
,Recommended,208580,20050564,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,Samurai,"Can't wait to play this game on my iMac for the 4th time since it's release. First time I played KotOR was on my windows PC back then when it was new. Then 2nd time around on my Xbox. Then on my XBox 360. What I'm trying to say is.. this game worth it all.One of the best games out there. One of the best adventure/story-driven games out there.If you're a Star Wars fan, you should've already finished this game years ago!"
76561197970674626,Recommended,208580,17590385,"Posted: 17 August, 2015",all,Nielsen,"""Kotor II"" is to Star Wars as ""Deep Space Nine"" is to Star Trek.Slow to get moving and in more ways than one very un-Star Wars, but those who stick with it will be rewarded: this game offers new perspectives on Star Wars through a great cast of misfit characters who share a collective trauma.One of the best Star Wars games out there."
76561198101578883,Recommended,208580,10008370,"Posted: 3 May, 2014",all,Delhimite,This is a really fun game and i'm only in the beging so i recommned for this game but if you haven't played the first one you might want to play the first one :)
,Recommended,208580,20390265,"Posted: 7 January, 2016",all,♥ Rivet ♡,"So far, I've put in almost 60 hours into this game. I've spent the last few days playing this straight and I absolutely love it. Whether you're a fan of Star Wars or RPGs. Pick up this game."
,Recommended,208580,1248161,"Posted: 24 August, 2012",all,Raven,GODDAMN!!! THAT IS MOST BADASS RPG EVER!!!! NOW IN STEAM!
,Recommended,208580,20493583,"Posted: 12 January, 2016",all,Tohryus,KotOR 2 and KotOR 1 are the greatest video games ever made. I really hope they do make a KotOR 3.﻿
76561198066736555,Recommended,208580,17312621,"Posted: 31 July, 2015",all,Predator5657,"Great RPG, I only have one complaint about this game and that is that even on the hardest diffuculty the game is very easy. Also make sure you get the restored content mod, it fixes bugs and *gasps* restores content that the devs did not have time to include in the game."
76561198044420507,Recommended,208580,19967248,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,Percival,"surprisingly good, I enjoy it a lot.in my opinion, this probably is the best game of Star Wars Collection pack.(haven't played all of them yet)เล่นแล้วติดเฉย เพลินโคตร คล้ายๆ Dragon Age +เลเซอร์แต่เนื้อเรื่องนี่ ถ้าไม่ได้เล่นภาค 1 ก็อาจจะเข้าใจลำบากหน่อย"
,Recommended,208580,20051256,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,Nervy Chamberlain,"With the easy use of mods from the steam workshop, this game outclasses its predecessor, but if you plan on playing vanilla it is simply not worth it.  The mechanics are also dated, so unless you played and enjoyed the first one I do not think it would be wise to jump into this game blind.Overall I have greatly enjoyed this game and how it improved on the original KOTOR formula."
,Recommended,208580,19974048,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,Leiwaan,"Still one of the best narratives in gaming, and the best thing to ever come out of the star wars franchise."
76561198157038014,Recommended,208580,21491786,"Posted: 26 February, 2016",all,ugly-bassterd,"Ignore my hours into this game....somewhere between installing the high reolution package and installing the exrta content mod steam has stopped recording my hours. but thats ok because i can play this game in wide screen and with the origonally cut content restored, including entrie ""new"" sections and dialoge options....I only ever played the first game in this series when i was younger, but this one didnt disapoint, i enjoyed how it actually felt like it was a bigger task to get lightsabers in this one.Basicly if you want a starwars RPG and dont mind the x-box (original) graphics this is a MUST buy.10/10 oh.......how i wish for a new SW:KOTORP......."
76561198085411111,Recommended,208580,17017113,"Posted: 12 July, 2015",all,Fully Baked,Great Rpg and Star Wars game
76561198165840719,Recommended,208580,21475271,"Posted: 26 February, 2016",all,Niki ニキ,"♥♥♥♥♥Game...awesome Bugs!Just kidding this game is totally worth the money. Gameplay is great and a Story with alternate Endings, so it's worth playing more than one time! Get this Game, don't even think about not getting this game!11/10 IGN"
,Recommended,208580,20646558,"Posted: 20 January, 2016",all,despite,One of the best games of all time.
,Recommended,208580,18310588,"Posted: 3 October, 2015",all,doing the obvious,"In light of the recent patches to the game, I'm going to have to stick with my very ambitious but flawed gem answer. It's Obsidian doing what they do best, setting lofty goals for their projects and just barely missing the mark because they bit off more than they could chew.The Peragus mining facility goes on for far too long. It could have been cut in half or just cut entirely with you starting off on Telos. The fact Peragus/Telos is so long makes replaying the game unappealing solely because of how much time you have to sink into the game before you're finally allowed to explore the other planets. Many story arcs and companions are woefully underdone and stand in stark contrast to the ones that are well written and very fleshed out. Another minute complaint is that Handmaiden and Disciple are not very well balanced against themselves, they shouldn't have had identical stats and feats.All that aside, I like the more somber tone this game has over it's predcessor. The few story arcs they did finish are interesting, the few companions they did flesh out are really well done. The skills are balanced against themselves, no one of them is so bad it should never be taken by the PC. The crafting was very well implemented. The amount of customization allowed for with your companions and the flexibility of the Exile leaves you for a lot of room to mix and match, something I really enjoy in games like this.Warts and all, I still think the positives of this outweigh the negatives. Look into the Restored Content fan patch, it adds a lot of interesting things and implements some of the content that had to be left on the cutting floor due to time and budget retraints."
76561198188891463,Recommended,208580,24240092,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,Zen Kaves,man this is the best star wars game i have ever playedi love the choices the story the characters almost everythingmy only dislike is the vinalla ending (can get a better one with a certain mod) it falls short and is not in poportion at all with the rest of the game
,Recommended,208580,865453,"Posted: 23 May, 2013",all,Evil Cyborg 10,Second best game ever
,Recommended,208580,18221915,"Posted: 27 September, 2015",all,Kristoffer,Is this a worthy sequel to the greatest game ever? Maybe.Is this a great game? Absolutely!
,Recommended,208580,27193365,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Canann Lyvyvy Etowa,"Nominated this for The ""Finally Rehauled"" Award. Great game, and with the rehaul it really is even bigger an incentive now to grab it. Not to be missed if you are a fan of old-school with modern-day feel RPG."
76561198048678197,Recommended,208580,19279390,"Posted: 25 November, 2015",all,soulblade128,"When you buy this game, make sure to get the TSLRCM ( The Sith Lords Restoration Content Mod ). Adds content that was left off the orignal release, a must have in my opinion, tons of praise for the modders work."
,Recommended,208580,24402431,"Posted: 18 July, 2016",all,Newtype,"This may be the single most underrated video game of all time. In fairness, the original version (as I played it on my Xbox) was indeed a bit of a mess. I have no idea why this game was recently updated with full modern game amenities (steam cloud, achievements, controller support, workshop, etc) but it's one of the happiest gaming surprises I've ever experienced. Playing through this game again - this time with the restored content mod - was an awesome opportunity I never thought I would have.If the philosophy of Star Wars has ever interested you in a deeper way, this game was written for you. The way the story deconstructs the Force - what it means to be a Jedi, a Sith, what generalizations those titles reflect, and what meaning they contain is infinitely fascinating, and I find myself reflecting on the scenarios and characters introduced in this game more so than any other Star Wars property (and most science fiction in general).If you want to unravel the true mysteries of the Force - or just want to find out what happens after the first KotOR - this game is definitely worth your time."
,Recommended,208580,29454303,Posted: 23 January,all,thie,This has been my favorite game literally my entire life?? I Love You Space Grandma
76561198163671920,Recommended,208580,29611198,Posted: 31 January,all,Garbageman,"[Force Persuade]: You will buy this game and play it now.[Awareness/Persuade]: You're interested in this game, and might like to play it.[Lie]: Nobody likes this game, and you're not missing out on anything.Nevermind, I'll be going."
,Recommended,208580,30235081,Posted: 27 February,all,iamcaptainchunk,"This game is woke af. Kreia says some pretty woke♥♥♥♥♥♥Youre welcome for the in-depth review. Now buy it.Forreeal tho if you haven't played this yet, what the ♥♥♥♥"
76561198078060803,Recommended,208580,11413036,"Posted: 25 July, 2014",all,LannKonor,"Super great story and decent gameplay. Good replayablity, exciting battle options, and engaging plot. Strongly recomended to any Star Wars fan!"
,Recommended,208580,11460954,"Posted: 29 July, 2014",all,Andy JWM,"I own and have save files for this game on Xbox, Xbox 360(xbox version), PC-dvd and steam.The Knights of the Old Republic games are the two best things in the entire Star Wars universe and are fantastic. Plays a bit like Dragon Age: Origins except you have much more control and specialisation.Screw The Old Republic MMO they should have made Kotor 3.You positively must spend as much time talking to Kreia (and other Characters, see: Battle Meditation) as possible, it will genuinely make you wish to be a jedi more than you have ever wanted to before!"
,Recommended,208580,3430681,"Posted: 26 December, 2012",all,Ｋ Ａ Ｓ Ａ Ｎ Ｏ Ｖ Ａ,"Crappy Console2PC port. The game itself is great, a lot of customization options and a lot of the same things that the first game offered and even more. Buy the game if the large and unacceptable amounts of glitches, clunky controls, freezes, slow reaction time, and crashes weigh out the fun and interesting story.I bought the game for console for like $3 after two days of owning it on PC.4/10"
,Recommended,208580,9266538,"Posted: 26 February, 2014",all,⎛⎝Ibuki Mioda⎠⎞,"The first in a series of flawed diamonds by Obsidian.It was a warm summer's day when Bioware was busy working on other projects that they had started and soon discovered that they couldn't fit KoToR 2 into their projects. So they walked over to Obsidian entertainment and knocked on the door and formed an agreement to allow Obsidian to develop KoTor 2 for them. However, Bioware was impatient so they only had a year of development time to work on it.Obsidian sat down and immediatley got to work, as the studio only had around 10-15 people working in it at the time, all the time they had was invaluable. Lots of time was spent making assests that were never put into the final game, thus, time was spent. Obsidians greatest strength was in the writing department, as they did not view moral choices just as a simple ""black & white"" dialogue option. No, to them it was all grey, as in you could save the princess but you had to let the dragon destroy the village choices. In Obsidian's characters, everybody has a personality that expressed what kind of person every character was, just through talking to the player. Obsidian were true nobles in this field.As Obsidian got closer to the deadline, more and more assests were cut from the final game. Leaving the original vision a ""Treasure in a deep sea of monsters."" Many assests were cut and untested and unfiltered bugs were present due to the short QA testing period that was received. Distraught as they were at the final product, Obsidian regretted spending too much time developing certain assests of the game and too little time in other parts.With fear of negative criticism from the press, fans, and of course Bioware, Obsidian took to the internet to see what the public was saying about KoToR 2. To their surprise, the fans loved it with negative criticism going toward the number of many bugs and glitches that were present, and postive criticism going toward everything included in the writing, especially the dialogue from party members like Kreia and Atton. Given the number of people working at Obsidian at the time and the amount of time they had, Obsidian managed to turn a Hardees into a Jack-in-the-box. Kreia even went on to win ""Most Original character of the year"" from Gamespy that year.Obsidian learning from their first project, went on to make memorable game such as Alpha Protocol, Neverwinter Nights 2 + Expansions, Fallout: New Vegas (which suffered a similar experience), and soon to be South Park: The Stick of truth and Pillars of Eternity. If you like RPG's with great characters and grey morality, then Obsidian has it down."
76561198080644033,Recommended,208580,8733914,"Posted: 16 January, 2014",all,piggssqueel,Im really sad that this game didnt work on my laptop but Im going to recomend anyway because I've seem gameplay and it looks super fun
76561198041045505,Recommended,208580,8182441,"Posted: 21 December, 2013",all,Flawless Victory,This is some real quality game right here.
,Recommended,208580,4894905,"Posted: 4 July, 2013",all,Mozes,"In my opinion, the second game far outweighs the first one.  It improves everything the first game did, in every way.  Some people say it was unfinished, at least that's the rumor, and to an extent it is true.  However, I've completed this game many many times, don't let Steam fool you, and I can honestly say I""ve never encountered any real bugs or glitches.  The last time I completed it, I installed the Lost Content Mod (do a Google Search).  The Lost Content Mod makes the game a lot different, in a good way, but you'd only really notice the big differences if you're like me and you've beat it multiple times already.  Still I highly recommend you install it.The resolution is low because this is an old game, but you can rig it to go higher I believe.  I could write a full professional review here detailing all the solid points as well as the highs and lows of the game, but I'm not.  It's a fantastic role-playing game, and it's the best Star Wars story I've experienced so far.  It's been so many years since I first played this on original Xbox, and I'm still finding new things to love about it to this day.  There's much replayability, especially if you're into games like Mass Effect, and once again the Lost Content mod adds quite a bit to the experience.  Plenty of role-playing afficionados will likely claim that the first game is superior, but you can take it from a lifetime Star Wars fan: everything about this game really just captures me."
76561198055690332,Recommended,208580,11471954,"Posted: 29 July, 2014",all,bojames1996,Its a good game 2 thumbs up!
,Recommended,208580,12210494,"Posted: 23 September, 2014",all,Roy Mustang,"I played SW:TOR II before I played the first on Xbox, so I may be a little biased. I just loved the characters in this one. Plus the replayability in this game is crazy good. I wish I knew how many hours I put into it on Xbox haha. One of the best RPG series out there, if not the best Star Wars game."
,Recommended,208580,13714854,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,Ouroborica,I think its a better story than the 1st... just make sure you play it with the restored content mod
,Recommended,208580,29036261,Posted: 5 January,all,Adm. Eric the Defiant,I really enjoyed this game. It has a really good story and it fits pretty well with the mmo's story.
,Recommended,208580,11443033,"Posted: 27 July, 2014",all,Pwner_II,"Another one of my top 10 games of all time, if you have enjoyed any RPG ever you have to try this one (after KOTOR 1, obviously). The real-time-with-pause-feeling combat isn't amazing, but it isn't painful either, and the rest of the game is awesome."
76561198081221977,Recommended,208580,32403672,Posted: 13 June,all,Canon Wright,"Knights of the Old Republic 2: the sith lords.I don't care what anyone else says, this game was just as fun as the first one. (Even though I didn't know what the heck was going on!) I mean you've got this old Hag who keeps babbling on about something??? and a redheaded ( kinda hot) bounty Hunter chick that makes me laugh. plus an albino woman who has something to do with the story and a side kick who's kind of a backstabbing coward. Throw in a psychopathic wookie, an assassination droid and a blind Jedi, and you've got yourself houres of entertainment. Ok the first few hours are slow as... (something very slow) - but once the game gets going -  You'll be all like ""Hay! Im haven fun here!!!"" If you get a chance, pick this one up during a sale. The graphics suck, and the combat mechanics are terrible, but somehow, you'll end up enjoying this game.Have a good one.(thats only a Suggestion. I really don't care what you do with your day)."
,Recommended,208580,33224077,Posted: 4 July,all,TheWateringWizard,"How to take a game and make an even better sequel 101.Some companies should really learn from KOTOR II, the gaming industry would be a much better place honestly. This game is still to this day one of the best RPG on the market. With great mechanics, a large diversity of equipment, a lengthy story and some very satisfying graphics considering when the game originally came out.But after playing it, I can't help but having this nagging doubt that my grandma might be a Sith Lord..."
76561198061297692,Recommended,208580,23819696,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,Rensune,Great Story (Definitely recommend the Sith Patch) but it's status as a sequel actually holds it Back: would've worked much better as a Stand alone.
76561198013848200,Recommended,208580,33371700,Posted: 8 July,all,jack_of_tears,"What could I possibly say about this game which hasn't been said a thousand times?  If not for the unfinished nature of the final act, this would be a superior game to Kotor 1 and, even so, it easily holds its own.  While the Exile isn't as interesting as Kotor 1's protagonist, the supporting cast is very well designed and Kreia is one of the best characters ever created for the Star Wars universe.If you enjoy Star Wars you would be foolish to pass up this incredible game; even after all these years it holds up extremely well."
,Recommended,208580,1352374,"Posted: 21 November, 2012",all,Apex Shark,Nostalgia.
,Recommended,208580,22967610,"Posted: 13 May, 2016",all,Dead Meme,Can't bring myself to do a dark side run.10/10 would wimp out again
,Recommended,208580,23840514,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,Yourself,"Even though I have only played a few hours, I think I can offer a good review. The game in itself is good. It is not particularly slow, and it is not turn based either. If you hate turn based, and hate fast paced RPG`s, then play this game, If you like having more of a realistic dialogue from a game that was released several years ago, play it. If you like being sadistic, and killing people, I would suggest this game. If you also like helping people and being borring, then play this game.If you find old women attractive play it. If you like strategy games play it. If you like exploring everything  a video game has to offer play it. If you like modding games play this. If you like Star wars play it. If you like Darth Revan then play it.So basically, if you like games play this game."
,Recommended,208580,22111625,"Posted: 28 March, 2016",all,Aidan,"Well where to start? What can I say that can appropriately sum up this game? Hmm I know gr8 b8 m8 I r8 8/8 I can’t h8 but w8 it must be f8 that has brought me to this game. Thank you thank you all very much for finding this review helpful you’re welcome.Buy this game.What’s that? No what do you think you’re doing?! The only way you’re allowed to scroll your mouse wheel up the page and away from this heartfelt review is if it is to linger over the words that say £6.99 add to cart, but wait if you’re reading this and for some holy reason this work of art just so happens to be less than £6.99 then you have even more reason to get your wallet open and purchase it.Good day…Why are you still here.BUY IT.That is all..."
,Recommended,208580,21691919,"Posted: 7 March, 2016",all,Blackbeard,"This one is a game changer. You can choose exactly who you want to be, but you will face the consequences of EVERY decision. What makes this sequel the better of the two KOTOR games is that your interactions with your party members matter in both the short term and long term. You will eventually have to choose sides."
,Recommended,208580,21439181,"Posted: 24 February, 2016",all,Grizz the BARBEARIAN,"The restored content mod takes this game from ""Flawed, but I liked it"" to: ""All hail Obsidian, may their budgets be huge and their deadlines non-existant."""
76561198151526436,Recommended,208580,22982904,"Posted: 14 May, 2016",all,bishopeufronius,In terms of gameplay it makes many improvements on the game mechanics of the first KotOR but suffers from occasional game-breaking bugs.  The real reason you want to play this game is because it has the best-written narrative of any SW game and is one of the best D&D-style RPGs ever made.  There is some great character writing and an interesting deconstruction of the Star Wars universe.   The inconclusive ending is probably the most controversial aspect of the game but with TSLRCMod (which you should install for your first playthrough) it raps things up a little better.  If you're looking for a lighthearted adventure and the feel of the first game this may not be for you.
76561198323902200,Recommended,208580,24910195,"Posted: 14 August, 2016",all,rdickson994,"Fantastic game, took a while to fix a few small bugs with the ""Movies"" and getting my head around modding was interesting (Being new to PC Gaming) however this is so true to the original SWKOTOR game!"
,Recommended,208580,24823393,"Posted: 11 August, 2016",all,Gaweyne,"I love being evil in this game.> Atris: You have returned, why?> xXx Sith BroShep xXx: I want my property - my slaves and my ship - returned.> xXx Sith BroShep xXx: Give me my ship or I'll murder everyone here.> Sith BroShep wins.> gg10/10 Would enslave crew again. Would be edgy Sith edgelord again."
,Recommended,208580,24987100,"Posted: 17 August, 2016",all,jj,solid 5/7
76561198065991082,Recommended,208580,21352841,"Posted: 20 February, 2016",all,Darth Revan,Kotor 2 is one of those rare games with over a 100 hours of gameplay. So far this is my third play through of Kotor 2 and have no intention of stopping. I spent over 70 hours offline playing Kotor 2. There is just so much to do in this game. Kotor 2 is a must have for any RPG fan.
76561198149483495,Recommended,208580,29134454,Posted: 8 January,all,supermanmos18,Hands down my favorite game of all time.
76561198037683226,Recommended,208580,28055324,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,"Lemmiwinks, The Gerbil King","Awesome game, one of the best (along with the first KOTOR) star wars game out thereStory is interesting, so are the characters, your choices do affect the story and the outcomes of the different planets way more than in the first one imo,This game is dialogue heavy but you wont mind because that what makes this game so interesting. Your companion roster actually changes based on your light or dark side alignment, and they react to your actions as well, in a way that can change their personalities.There's tons of weapons (and light sabers, of course) that you can customize depending on your play style, more dmg? more blast fire reflect? More dmg base on your light side alignment? your pickThe strongest aspect of this game are the villains. Those Sith lords have awesome designs, backstories and powers. It shows that a lot of work went into creating themIts an awesome game, worth the price imoHowever there are some downsides, that i can't overlook in a reviewBiggest one: Its unfinished in some areas, and it shows. The developers were rushed to finish this game. There's a lot of dialogue/scenes/plot points that were deleted and that's a shame. Because of it, a lot of questions remain at the end of the game as certain plot lines never actually get a resolution, particularly one established at the beginning of the game2 planets are really a drag, and make me miss Taris from the first game (which is a drag to complete) Main reason is, since you're on one of those planets to solve a mystery that never completely gets solved, the whole area feels pointlessNot playing as the character from the first game can be a disappointment for someSay what you will about Darth Malak, but he got a lot of screen time in the first game which makes us despise him even more. In this game, although one of those Lords gets a lot of attention, the equally interesting other Sith lords barely get any.Lastly, while the story of this game is better in a lot of areas compared to the first one,  the story of the first KOTOR felt, imo, a little more... epic, in proportionsNot a perfect game, but one thats definitly worth checking out. Still one of the greatest RPG's out there"
,Recommended,208580,29667640,Posted: 3 February,all,Mahair123 | The Canadian Fury |,"+Abundance of content+Incredible Lore+ 48 hours on a single playthrough as Jedi, I can't wait to try Sith+Combat is fun+Captivating Story+Mod Suppoty+up to 4k resolution support+Controller Support+Fun and epic boss battles-Lots of Cut content (some can be restored with a mod in the Steam workshop, but the mod itself doesn't restore everything)-Combat can be slow at times-Influence system can be a pain sometimes-So. Much. Walking.-Somewhat Lackluster ending (this is just my opinion and mine alone)Was it worth it? HELL YEAH!11/10 every time!"
76561198076416116,Recommended,208580,26302094,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,abbetti,"Best replay value of any story-based game I've ever played in my 35 years on this earth. I originally had this on Xbox back in the day and it was a popular replayable game for many years, then on PC with mods for many more years. I've played through this game about 1-2 times per year on average for over a decade and it still never really gets old (although certain parts do).   Maybe swap around some mods and decide to go a different direction with your light/dark side choices and which combination of companions to focus on and you get a completely different gaming experience. TSLRCM breathed new life into the game, and just added to that replay value by refreshing it and adding enough content to make it interesting again. The game has enough depth and variable that even with all those playthroughs I still find myself occasionally consulting a walkthrough or guide to get a hint or reminder how to unlock a particular plot point, piece of gear, etc.  I'd normally be loathe to pay more than about $5 for any game this old but it is still a great value at 2-3x that."
,Recommended,208580,28473012,"Posted: 19 December, 2016",all,Cassie,"This is one of the best games I have ever played.  I love how I can play this game so many times and have a different experience each time.  I have completed this game over a dozen times and know there are still things I could do differently to change my experience with it.  The characters are al unique and fun to try to get to know and influence.  And it has a great story, continuing after the events of the first Knights of the Old Republic game.  While I find this game great as it is, if you play it with the restored content mod it's an even greater experience, with far more possibilites and details to the story."
,Recommended,208580,24470529,"Posted: 22 July, 2016",all,Jonald Tronp,"I could go on for hours about how well written, voiced, and designed Kreia is as a character, but I think I speak better for everyone when I say this.♥♥♥♥ Peragus."
76561198096439886,Recommended,208580,20953247,"Posted: 4 February, 2016",all,Seagull,A sociopathic assassin droid taught me the true meaning of love10/10
,Recommended,208580,13494033,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,ZP,"One of the best star wars games ive ever played, everything about this game is absolutely perfect, cannot recomend enough."
,Recommended,208580,11069922,"Posted: 4 July, 2014",all,Schmime,"Beautiful, but make sure you get the content restoration mod!"
,Recommended,208580,11485894,"Posted: 30 July, 2014",all,Mediacow,"best star wars game ever (not including kotor). it does have some lag, but with out them it makes a great, and entertaining game, that atleast once in your life, you got to play this game. to make kotor 2 better than kotor 1, download mod for kotor 2 which makes it amazing, and enjoyable."
,Recommended,208580,25391270,"Posted: 6 September, 2016",all,Schmeaglehunter,Good stuff.
76561198023968865,Recommended,208580,16515132,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,Shea Reyes,"Going to be honest, if you are the type of person that hated the mass effect 3 ending, you will hate this one as well. The gameplay was good, not as good as the first one, but there seems to be in game choices that have a bigger impact on the enviroment. But end of the day, the ending kinda ruins it."
76561198095788185,Recommended,208580,16497441,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,CaptainGroin,"Just get this game. Contrary to popular opinion, I think that this one is far better than its predecessor. While the first game was a classic Star Wars narrative, this story is dark, gloomy, and intricately woven together.However, the Knights of the Old Republic games are notorious for their long, boring starts. After the first two planets the game starts to pick up momentum, and you'll be hooked as the game gets better and better up until the fantastic ending.I wouldn't dare mention this game without also mentioning The Sith Lords Restored Content Mod (TSLRCM). The base game was rushed by the developers, resulting in loads of cut content and scenes that without, the story loses some coherency. In addition to adding all of that back, the mod fixes a lot of bugs.This game is a must-have for any fan of the first game, any Star Wars fan, and any fan of good story-telling. If you haven't played the first, I don't find it essential, but there are many references.Get the game!"
,Recommended,208580,29239931,Posted: 13 January,all,Lord Avatar II,"Though graphically poor by today's standards, this game continues to impress me. It has the greatest storyline I have ever played in a Star Wars game. Hours of fun, a few brain teasers. I've played it a few times on other consoles. I highly recommend it, but if your all about the graphics then I doubt you'll appreciate it."
,Recommended,208580,20625936,"Posted: 19 January, 2016",all,Carfunkle,"In an era where there are insane amounts of piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥ garbage, half♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ money grabbing  PC ports of old games, this one is actually... Good? ...And it is better than the original game? What the hell? Besides the game itself being good to begin with, the modding team behind the Restoration Mod should be commended for making the game what it was originally meant to be.  Thank you :3"
76561198065028112,Recommended,208580,19528243,"Posted: 6 December, 2015",all,Pytherex,I just like finished one of the best ♥♥♥♥ing games ever. I feel void and don't know what to do with my life anymore.  10 out of a ♥♥♥♥ing 10.
,Recommended,208580,28069143,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,Banagher Links,Mods help to improve the experience. I highly suggest a vanilla run before using them.
76561198054518451,Recommended,208580,18904690,"Posted: 6 November, 2015",all,ZaneTheNightmare,I always have fun with this game I love it
,Recommended,208580,25068687,"Posted: 22 August, 2016",all,Decaf vanilla almond milk latte,This is a great sequel to the first game and lots of Star Wars fun for people who grew up on good Star Wars movies.
76561198099412332,Recommended,208580,15316512,"Posted: 11 April, 2015",all,King Leopold XXIV,"This game is spectacular. Great Story, awesome companions (I miss Bastila though). This really is Obsidian's crowning achievement, it just barely beats New Vegas. Oh and one more thing, Join the Dark Side, we have cookies."
,Recommended,208580,27858019,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Liam,"KotORII:TSL is a phenomenal game. Seriously. If you're even bothering to read this you probably already know you want the game. It's like KotOR, but with a bigger and better story, and it stood the test of time much better. (Player KotOR on a modern system is more aggravating than playing TSL on a modern system.) The only thing I have to say is that the game was extremely rushed through development and was released with a lot of bugs. So you should get TSLRCM (The Sith Lords Restored Conent Mod) before you start. It's basically a mod that put back in content that was blocked out because of the rushed release, and fixes a lot of the bugs."
76561198001633167,Recommended,208580,21495931,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,Ozymandias_King,Great game (even better than KOTOR).Still fun even 10 years after its release.
,Recommended,208580,199829,"Posted: 3 January, 2013",all,Xero,"If you're a fan of any type of RPG - Star Wars or not - I guarantee that you'll love Knights of the Old Republic 2. It's execution is very simple yet very effective, something games tend to miss these days; being too complex for the sake of complexity.The storyline (while a little cliche) is extremely well written and thought out, revealing itself slowly to the character as they make their own choices through the game. Characters like Atton Rand and especially Kreia have very deep and rich backstories that not only add to the fantastic story and atmosphere to the game, but will also change depending on what you do in the game. Depending on the choices you make, some characters will favor you while others will not. For example, if you decide to execute a criminal, one character might applaud you for such an action while another will disapprove. All these choices affect how much information you can gather from them during your playtime.The combat is simple, and if you've played the original Knights of the Old Republic, you know exactly what to expect. This is not a bad thing, however. If you enjoy pause/point-and-click combat, then you have nothing to worry about.Keep in mind, this game was released in 2005, so the graphics aren't going to be hyper-realistic and since the game was rushed during development constrictions, content WAS cut from the final release. That being said, there was a fan-made mod that actually restored all the lost content - You can find it with a simple google search: ""KOTOR 2 TSLRCM""Had this game been given the time it deserved for development, it would have been WIDELY recognized as one of the best RPG's ever made. Nonetheless, Obsidian Entertainment did a fantastic job taking the reigns from Bioware, and formed a story that was ten-times more interesting and engaging than the first game, introducing rich characters - both fearsome and loving - and bringing moral choices that sculpt your very adventure.Do NOT miss this game - It's worth your time.9/10"
76561198253856786,Recommended,208580,20828925,"Posted: 29 January, 2016",all,GioGio's Bizarre Adventure,"Very sexy, get the disc version do you can ♥♥♥♥ it"
76561197973228288,Recommended,208580,21557616,"Posted: 29 February, 2016",all,Ninjaducky,"The charatcters are some of the best written characters in video game history. The only down side about this game is that you can really tell deadlines became an issue towards the end of the game. Even with the restored content mod. It is not that the stroy goes from good to bad, but goes from good to very obviously rushed. Still a highly recomended game though, and still way better than KOTOR I."
76561198162185635,Recommended,208580,24146810,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,Onyx Wolf,Have you ever eaten a food that tastes like god made it in heaven and sent it down to earth? Imagine if god made a game in heaven then gave it to leonardo devenci and let lord gaben but his blessing upon it then sent it onto earth. That is how this game was made.
,Recommended,208580,23590082,"Posted: 15 June, 2016",all,Pan Ratatouille,Best game ever created
,Recommended,208580,29725337,Posted: 5 February,all,blakdeth,"Wow, I can't say enough good things about this game. Obsidion has a gem of a game here, and the TSLRCM completes the package. Easily one of the best games I have ever played."
,Recommended,208580,27452989,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,glsimson,My favourite game of all time.
76561198050282272,Recommended,208580,21065988,"Posted: 8 February, 2016",all,Robu Von Carstein,"Allright, I have always wanted to make a review about this game, and now it's the time to do it.This game came out in 2005. This year the Episode III also came out, so it was a big year of Star Wars to me.As a kid the Star Wars galaxy was a big part of me, and still is.Why is this relevant to this review?Because Kotor 2 made me a real diehard fan of star wars. It's awesome story, it's voice acting, dark post-jedi war atmosphere that you can feel in the game world all the time and through dialog, the path you take: dark side and light side both have a lot of cool influence to the story, also the benefits of the allignments are pretty cool. And the prestige classes are awesome, imagine being a jedi weapon master, or a bad♥♥♥♥♥Darth Maul like Sith Assassin with a spinning double-blade.The game is a big part of me, even with it's flaws like the bugs and plotholes, but after saying this there is a one thing........As most of the guys in the Kotor 2 community may or may not know, there is a mod called Restored Content mod, or TSLRCM, that brings a huge amount of cut content back to the game, fixes the biggest plotholes, fixes a ton of bugs and makes the game even more awesome. Seriously, after playing with tslrcm for 4 years, I can't imagine to play without it. The game is really in its finished state with the mod. There you have it.One of my all time favorites and close to my heart for sure."
76561198266786645,Recommended,208580,31290688,Posted: 21 April,all,AstrVatrix,One of my favorite Star Wars games of all time. Great way to extend the Star Wars universe
,Recommended,208580,8177691,"Posted: 21 December, 2013",all,goober,Make everyone jedis!
,Recommended,208580,21892737,"Posted: 17 March, 2016",all,✪VenomJoe™✪,"I first played this game when i was 7 years old and it continues to hold up since as one of my favorite games of all time and holds a special place in my hear alongside part one as my favorite game and franchise that has ever been created. If you have played this game before, you will be happy to know it has been upgraded and has cloud shared data as well as easy steam workshop mods including the restored content mod which adds tons of new content to the game!"
76561198073228039,Recommended,208580,28438540,"Posted: 17 December, 2016",all,DaPhenom124,I spend way too much time playing this.
76561198055626910,Recommended,208580,20816486,"Posted: 28 January, 2016",all,Covfefe,This game is for people who likeMass EffectStar WarsRPG'sObsidian3rd Person ActionGood WrittingInteresting CharactersOld GamesVideo GamesBreathingBeing a Human BeingIf you like any (or all) of these things GET THIS GAME!
76561197967357748,Recommended,208580,20614020,"Posted: 18 January, 2016",all,Salsa_Picante,"I awoke in an unknown place in space, missing most of my clothes and armed with nothing but what swings between my legs. After a quick,  failed attempt to find pants I instead found a creepy old woman who insists she knows me. My God, what did I do last night? I immediately made a vow that would be the last time I drink at a cantina on an empty stomach. In my heart, though, my fingers were crossed.After wandering around an semi-abandoned mining station with this woman and a guy I had to restrain myself not to punch, we fled on a ship while running from arguably the ashiest man I had ever seen in my life. No amount of lotion in this galaxy could undo years of poor skin treatment. The ashy man said he knew the old woman, and it began to click...did I meet him last night too? I didn't...no...I wouldn't entertain the thought of touching such such dry, dry skin.If only all RPGs began like this and ended with me fighting with lightsabers. A must play for any Star Wars fan, as it teaches you the dangers of not moisturising your skin properly can lead to dire consequences."
76561198206365301,Recommended,208580,20155492,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,Tupac Segal,I'll never look at blind people the same way.Not after that fight...
,Recommended,208580,20167535,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,Pehlivan the Oil Wrestler,*Waves hand* You will buy this game.
,Recommended,208580,27394958,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,BirdDawgSL,I wish they would remake this game or make KOTOR 3
76561197970404280,Recommended,208580,26347584,"Posted: 31 October, 2016",all,Cirrus,"By far the most mature and, dare I say, philosophically demanding of all isolated Star Wars epics, twisting your mind with moral ambiguity while forcing it to crystalize quickly enough to not end up splashing around in the shallow end of the swimming pool.Bonus points for using the D20 system."
,Recommended,208580,24314087,"Posted: 14 July, 2016",all,Big Soulja,very well done game and very good for its time just played the whole game darkside nd it gave me a blast!!Although there are some bugs the gameplay and so many options comes before that 10/10
,Recommended,208580,25576811,"Posted: 18 September, 2016",all,Ho Chi Sock,"If I could marry a game, it would be this one!"
76561197998257443,Recommended,208580,25449089,"Posted: 10 September, 2016",all,Captain John Price,"There has never been a better bunch of ragtag heroes to save the galaxy. Whether they are likeable, evil or a little psychotic there is no better company to shoot up thugs with a couple of blasters and a lightsaber. Honestly this is the only game i consider not skipping every sentence a Companion or NPC has to say.This remains one of the very few Star Wars RPGs out there and is definetly worth a play (especially if you are new to the story). Choices actually matter, the companions are useful and interesting, and to top it off the story is strong and has depth. The ending for KOTOR fans can be a little disapointing, but it doesn't change the fact star wars fans SHOULD 100% buy this game.(Probably should pick up KOTOR 1 as well whilst you're at it, probably has the stronger story - companions can be more one dimensional at times though)"
76561198318682619,Recommended,208580,32280977,Posted: 8 June,all,Airworthyboxer,"good,difficult to setup,hard to stay away from."
76561198025972794,Recommended,208580,32281832,Posted: 8 June,all,classicjarhead,"Let me some up this game in one sentence nabbed from z game""I loved you. I would have let the galaxy die, to save you""Also, the restored content of this gem is amazing, Obsidian need to demand for Disney to reinvest in their company and also let Bethesda allow Obsidian to remaster Fallout 3 NV"
76561198119454027,Recommended,208580,32193592,Posted: 5 June,all,Jango519,"In my personal top 10 games. Admitably, there is alot of nostalgia with this game, though it's still a good game with a great story and fantastic characters."
76561198041230219,Recommended,208580,32222652,Posted: 6 June,all,Commander,"Poeple try to rob me, I pursade them give me all their money and then  jump down from a catwalk into certain death.10/10"
76561198046844267,Recommended,208580,13989228,"Posted: 14 January, 2015",all,Товарищ Джонатон,10/10 Would become exiled again.
76561198088371481,Recommended,208580,27115448,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,TheRestlessWarrior,"Despite the elapsed time, still a great good game!!!"
76561198201792409,Recommended,208580,32877403,Posted: 27 June,all,AlpsTv,Very cool. 10 dark sword of 10
,Not Recommended,208580,20128134,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,pers0nage,Full of bugs and incomplete story threads (even with the restoration mods). Not as many good characters as the first game.  Maps from the first game are back but smaller and more barren. uninstalled after a glitch would not let me progress 5 minutes from completing the final conversation in the game.
76561198338987336,Recommended,208580,31761201,Posted: 14 May,all,jrussett2,"It's a good game. It's definetly sort of unfinished though, and there are some bugs that occur pretty often. Lots of content is just missing, and there are a bunch of things that make me suspect they had intended for something else to be there. But the combat is great, the story is great, the cast of characters is interesting (mostly), and so it's still a great game. There's actually a mod that restores much of the unincluded content, but I only remembered this 20 hours into my playthrough."
,Recommended,208580,32997844,Posted: 29 June,all,The Atomic Nut,good
76561198146043586,Recommended,208580,19150050,"Posted: 18 November, 2015",all,Verdax,"This game is absolutely amazing.Just go ahead and play it.A RPG well - deserved 10 euros.It is phenomenal this  game gets support from the devs 10 YEARS AFTER its release.Basicly,the story is like this:you wake up as a man/woman(depending the sex you choose) who was a jedi who fought at the mandalorian wars.Now,the sith have taken over the galaxy,You try to restore peace to the galaxy and learn the ways of the force"
76561198055693421,Recommended,208580,32280201,Posted: 8 June,all,Dross,"Classic game.. better than the first.  However, it's a little bit of a pain to make the game run in widescreen and optimally on newer systems/OS.  Either way, add this game to your library if you're familiar with the series or want to try a new twist to the Star Wars genre.  HIGHLY RECOMMENDED due to awesome gameplay, dialogue and a slight 'choose your own adventure' feel."
,Recommended,208580,32192305,Posted: 4 June,all,Gray,I love this game so much. No matter how many times I have played this game I still find myself starting another one all the time. If you are a true Star Wars fan then you need to have to play this game. My favorite way to play this game is to play as a grey jedi a balance between the light and dark sides of the force. But always remember to install the restored content mod  it is the best way to play it. Have fun and may the force be with you.
,Recommended,208580,32793093,Posted: 25 June,all,TAW | Welperooni,"[STORY SPOILER FREE][REVIEW INCOMPLETE, STILL PLAYING]Like the first one, but slightly better, although I prefer the first game in terms of story.You may ask, what kind of game is this, where is the fun in here?Well, the story and characters, my friend. Thos game has a plenty of deep characters, little secrets and twists.And of course, as an RPG, it has plenty of skills, powers, dialogue options, choices... Wonderful stuff, go out and explore all you can. Unless you will be stuck on the level up page, trying to figure out what you should pick.Combat is quite a funny part of this game. It is turn-based, and it relies on a plenty of dice rolls. It does not even try to hide that with the item's description often including words such as ""1d3"", and other cryptic keywords you will get used to. Or not, but then you might as well ask yourself why are you playing this game.You may think that just because of the games turn based style, the combat mechanics are  complicated. Not at all, there are plenty of skills you can, and should abuse. (force storm, force crush, etc.). If you want to kite your enemies... Good luck. It is hard, but not impossible.Alas, the only thing that might cause you to dislike the game are the graphics. I personally do like them, even though they undoubtedly are dated."
,Recommended,208580,433925,"Posted: 17 May, 2013",all,Zephan,"Knights of the Old Republic II is a gritty portrayal of the Star Wars universe. The story is dark and bleak, especially regarding the future of both the Republic and Jedi Order. The first instalment was in my opinion too clear in the outcome when a light or dark path was taken. Characters like Kreia, challenge the player to think twice before choosing a path and the game is strengthened through these challenges.The combat and characters are great as ever and I would highly recommend it to anyone who enjoyed the first game.Give it a go!"
76561198260325974,Recommended,208580,32980751,Posted: 29 June,all,SavoDan,"KOTOR II, sequel to the amazing KOTOR, what can I say?Its a classic RPG, it has an excellent story, incredible soundtrack and lots of interesting characters to meet (besides your followers). Be prepared to make decisions that will challenge your morals. The light/dark side feels a bit more ""serious"" in this game than KOTOR. There are tons of items to find, lots of lore and has good replayability (light/dark side characters and 3 different classes |Knight|Sentinel|Consular).Is it worth it? YES IT IS MY FRIEND!10/10, I recommend this game as its a classic RPG and one of the best Star Wars game I ve played."
,Recommended,208580,33104329,Posted: 1 July,all,[RG] Logone,One of the best RPGs I've ever played.  I greatly recommend.
,Recommended,208580,33111053,Posted: 1 July,all,Darth Althalos,I enjoyed the overall game but it did fell rushed. I wished they explored the relationships more back then but it was still an awesome game.
,Recommended,208580,33165834,Posted: 2 July,all,Shinobi Kay,10/10
76561198023347588,Recommended,208580,8191455,"Posted: 22 December, 2013",all,Cable,Fun classic.
,Recommended,208580,10883642,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,Charm to Cure Curse of Charm,"it's unstable, buggy as all hell, and needs mods to even function as intended...but i absolutely love this game and it's even better than the original. pretty typical obsidian fare, deconstructs a little of bioware's work. it's really, really worth the effort to get it set up."
76561198065773994,Recommended,208580,33679570,Posted: 20 July,all,LAZY B3AR,Awesome game have spent many weekends playing this game and love reliving it on steam
76561198069120711,Recommended,208580,33390356,Posted: 8 July,all,lol,"In my honest opinion, probably a better game than the first. The Restored Content workshop mod is required to play the game, as a result of it being rushed out. Even with the Restored content here are still quite a few bugs, glitches and missing textures that you find around. From being stuck by nothing when randomly walking around, sections of the ship missing on G0-T0's yacht, and not being allowed to interact with any of the menu's (From Restored Content).I looked past those problems because the game has much more variety.The Random loot generator was one of those systems that made me enjoy the game the most, it made every run through of the game entirely unique. It may be kind of weird considering some of the loot does not match the location it was found (Dark Jedi dropping blaster rifles, or Mercenary dropping Jedi robes). But it honestly keeps you guessing and hoping for something new from everything you kill.Another great part of the game is the upgrade system. Compared to the first game, this one is a blessing. With the first game you could only change the crystals in your lightsaber, 2 armour upgrades, 4 blaster upgrades, and 3 vibro upgrades. Compared to the second game which has around 40 upgrades for your lightsaber, on top of having your color and upgrade crystals. 55 armour upgrades, 44 blaster upgrades, and 45 vibrosword upgrades.Not to mention the new variety of weapons and armors added to the game, instead of just choosing Calo Nord's armour and running through the entire game with it (in KOTOR 1). Over time you find better and better sets of armour and equipment which have a larger variety of bonuses. Sometimes that might be ruined by the Random Loot generator, but it isn't that big of a deal.Overall if you are willing to overlook the graphical impurities , bugs, and glitches in the game. It is worth every dollar that you spend.PS. you don't need to waste feats on implants in this game(unless you played as scout in the first game, which I didn't)."
,Recommended,208580,8627801,"Posted: 8 January, 2014",all,Caine VanScythe,"KotOR II is one of thebestRPGs of the modern age, rivaling even that of it's predecessor. To this day, after hundreds of games, it is still one of my absolute favorites. It has one of the best stories, a great combat system, gorgeous graphics (even by today's standards).Unlike most games being thrown at us with a big ""BUY ME!"" sign attached to it these days, this game actually makes youfeelwhat you are doing. If you help that random person with a few credits, you feel like you actually matter in the universe. If you kill that person and steal the 3 cr. they had in their pocket, you actually feel terrible for it (unless you really are that cold heartless person that belongs with the Sith). You take note of your actions in this game, and every little detail and encounter/conversation is memorable.That being said, there is one problem I have encountered.Just one. In order to make this game work in wide screen, and higher resolutions, you have to do a little work. But don't let this deter you from playing it, as this little set-back will not effect your gameplay experience at all, only your screen size is affected.I whole-heartedlyguaranteethat this game will become a favorite for you as well. There is no doubt about it, you will love this game, and may even fall in love with it's characters."
,Recommended,208580,1602977,"Posted: 21 November, 2012",all,☭ Zed ☭,"The Feeling of the game is... well dead its not as livey as Knights of the Old Republic so I dont say you must have it buts its a ""Good Game"" 7/10 or 6/10 idk 50 50 on ranking."
76561198314674206,Recommended,208580,33567025,Posted: 15 July,all,Ethlred,"Would 100% recommend to anybody interested in the Star Wars EU, esp. if you have read the comics from that time (i.e couple thousand years BBY)."
76561197968928855,Recommended,208580,32679989,Posted: 23 June,all,Atomiczam,"I've lost track of the number of times I've played through this old classic.If you've only ever played the xbox version, I highly recommend picking this up. The modding community has added a lot of great stuff over the years, even going as far as to mostly finish Malachor V."
,Recommended,208580,32711136,Posted: 23 June,all,Doubleback,Such a good game and it brought back memories from my earlier years when i used to play the first one! Love it!
,Recommended,208580,32753385,Posted: 24 June,all,Tylenol Jones,It's a great old game.Thanks to Aspyr for their rock-solid Linux port. No issues so far for me on mesa/nouveau.
76561198035770801,Recommended,208580,32718089,Posted: 24 June,all,brucethemoose,"Graphics and gameplay haven't aged well.However, it's the best Star Wars story I've experienced. A timeless classic, like the original trilogy.If you're worried about hating the gameplay... Give it a shot anyway. It's not that bad, and you can pretty much skip it alltogether by just lowering the difficulty and sitting back since it's all automated."
,Recommended,208580,2797543,"Posted: 24 August, 2012",all,Im_a_Fisho,"Awesome, Awesome and more awesome, do i really need to give a reason.This is a must buy, and play, i will play this over and over and over again.Simply the best Star Wars game to date.Highly Recommend"
76561198326986125,Recommended,208580,33142810,Posted: 2 July,all,SandwichmasterX,"Well, when I bought this, I had no idea that it was an RPG like D&D. But, after a few hours I got used to it and started having fun. Loads of fun. While there are glitches and in some parts you get stuck (Sith tomb on Dxun, Korriban Academy) it is still a very nice game. 9/10. It runs on toasters, too, and Windows 10."
,Recommended,208580,9656414,"Posted: 28 March, 2014",all,callummckinven,this game is just amazing....i always keep coming back to it for more!
,Recommended,208580,10550336,"Posted: 19 June, 2014",all,LenabotSE,"It's not as ""big"" as the first game. It doesn't have the classic Star Wars feel. But if I'm being honest, KOTOR 2 is my favorite of the series -- specifically BECAUSE it doesn't fit nicely into the themes of the Star Wars universe. In most Star Wars games, there is a sharp and clear divide between the dark side and light side. You are good, or you are bad. Not so with this story.KOTOR 2 takes every preconception we had about the Force and subverts it. Most characters fall into shades of gray. There are dark Jedi with kind souls. Charming rogues with murderous pasts. Gentle heroes who committed unspeakable acts of violence. To be inherently evil is destructive, but to be inherently good can indirectly harm others in the long run. The game completely challenges the notion of ""light"" and ""dark."" You may rack up more light side points than Luke Skywalker himself, but there are consequences for being too nice -- your actions will always been questioned.The gameplay is essentially the same as the first title, yet they are two very distinct games with very different themes. In many ways, the two games are reflections of their main characters.KOTOR 1 is charismatic, popular, action-packed, adventurous. It sucks you in. Makes you want to follow the plot wherever it leads, no matter how dark or harrowing it may become. It gets all the attention, and people continue to talk about it years after it hit shelves.KOTOR 2 is overlooked and often forgotten by the gaming community. It is small, and sad, and little broken. But despite this, it possesses an immensely powerful story that makes you question everything you thought you knew about what it is to be a ""Jedi"" or a ""Sith.""Sometimes, the quiet, broken stories are the loudest and most powerful -- silent screams that are only heard by a few."
76561198140041601,Recommended,208580,10643608,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,celamb2007,"Infamously incomplete, the darker tone and feel of KOTOR 2, sequel to the lauded KOTOR, was met with acclaim and almost consistent ""What if...?"" scenarios.  With the help of some dedicated modders that question has been answered, and the end result is (still) one of the most developed and worthwhile romps through the Star Wars universe.  Where the first game in the technically three part series (if you include The Old Republic; I don't) focused on a Sith Lord of unrivaled strength and he intrigue that followed, KOTOR 2 breaks the mold by casting you as a fallen Jedi of, as many describe him or her, unremarkable attribute.  But as the story unfolds, and their connection with the Force is restored/rebuilt, a dark plot begins to reveal itself.In many ways this game outshines its predecessor, and it explores an interesting question of how a Jedi would respond after willingly giving up their power.  Some parts drag on, some characters are easy to forget, but that's really in the minority.  Pitch perfect voice acting, dark themes and tones, expansive environments and a few welcome cameos make this game a terrific addition to the lore that is Star Wars."
,Recommended,208580,18402985,"Posted: 9 October, 2015",all,Xelancer,A must play for all Star Wars fans. No just waiting for KOTOR 1 support for Linux...
,Recommended,208580,18425804,"Posted: 11 October, 2015",all,Zeb,"*DISCLAIMER* PLEASE INSTALL THE EXPANTION TO THIS GAME, ALOT OF BUG FIXED AND ADDS MORE TO THE GAME SO LIKE GET IT YE?You know that game you played as a kid that was REALLY good but you don't remember what the game was calledbut all you know that the games is really good. This game is just really good, no idea what I was talking about at the start of this review but.. mehGet this game it's really goodlikereallygood.PROS : Really goodWorkshop supportWide-screen support4k and 5k resoulution compatibleControll supportThe story line is nucking futs if you dig into it (It REALLY worth digging into it)You don't really need to play the first game for KOTOR 2 but it does help if you more of the story typeCons : Sometimes the game could be a little buggy since it not finishedCombat is VERY repetitiveMight be found annoying due to the difficultyFinal comment = Really good"
76561198005571493,Recommended,208580,18384944,"Posted: 8 October, 2015",all,Ryat,An older game so don't expect awesome graphics and the latest RPG elements but at its heart is a strong story and gameplay is still very good. Do recommend the TSLRCM mod which is found in the Steam Workshop for best effect.
,Recommended,208580,16489333,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,[GA] Loremaster Geralt,"Nothing can compare to what Star Wars: KOTOR 2 is to me. From the ripe age of 7 years old, to coming on 19 now, this game has been a constant in my life. As a child, I played it because I loved Star Wars, and because I picked the first game up at Gamestop with my mother after graduating second grade. I didn't understand a lot of what was going on, but the gameplay kept me going on, and so did the fact that it was Star Wars. Over the years I slowly understood the story, the subtle way the game presented itself, and it hit me. This game is a masterpiece.The Sith Lords is one of, if not the, best Star Wars game, hell, even Star Wars STORY, that's ever been made. It starts out much like the first game, Mr/Mrs Hero off to save the galaxy, but as the first game stayed on those tracks, the second derailed so hard it knocked our planet out of orbit with the sun. You play as a jaded, broken ex-Jedi, who until recently wandered around in a vagabond fashion along the edges of the galaxy, and you stay that way til the very end of the game. It's not a story about one man or woman, but about the entire galaxy and the people in it. It manages to humanize Sith, make you feel contempt for the Jedi Order. choose the fate of entire peoples and planets, all the while without having polarizing, lazy, and obvious choices during these things. There's no black or white in this game. Its, for lack of a better(and less cliche term), all gray.Is helping an up and coming planetary government going to actually be good for the people of this planet, or is it going to give them hope for it to just be crushed down again?Is this man, who is a Jedi master, really what he says he is? If so, then how can he sit and watch a planet full of suffering and do nothing? If he isn't a Jedi, then what the hell is he? Should he be punished for forsaking his responsibilities?Will your actions on trying to heal a broken planet save it, or damn it and a galactic government into bankruptcy and its eventual collapse?Is a culture based on war and battle so bad? Are Mandalorians the evil boogey men the Republic has it out to believe? Are the actions the Republic took during the Mandalorian wars justified?Who is to blame for the Jedi Civil War? The Jedi, or the Sith?Should a galactic republic enforce its laws with a religious organization?Is the Force a force of good, evil, or is it amoral?All of these things and more are the types of problems you're presented in Knights of the Old Republic II. The writing is great, the gameplay is great, and the story itself is god damn beautiful. If you love Star Wars, get this. If you don't love Star Wars, still ♥♥♥♥ing get this because it would be a disservice to not at least try and experience one of the best RPGs made so far.*ALSO* Although the game is amazing, it is unfinished. But! There's a mod called The Sith Lords Restored Content Mod that tries to piece together the things they could and they do it beautifully. If you want the full experience of Star Wars KOTOR 2, this mod is a *must-have*.UPDATE: Nominated this for the ""Test of Time"" award since its story and gameplay are STILL the best in a Star Wars game, and one of the best forr regular RPG's."
76561198001962672,Recommended,208580,13544039,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,Albertkesselring,Edit its amazing download the restored content mod
,Recommended,208580,27491471,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,「ｎｅｐｐｉｅ」,Good game
76561198259653554,Recommended,208580,33151557,Posted: 2 July,all,jg,"I had played the first KOTOR on the original xbox years ago, and with that being such a great experience I had high hopes for the sequel to such a game. After playing through the whole story (even restarting after not being happy with my choices in the game) I've concluded that even with it being an enjoyable game, it doesn't quite live up to the original.Pros:• Lots of mod support• Improved Combat and animation• New story that is linear with the original KOTOR• Worth the priceCons:• Decent amount of bugs and glitches• Weak ending to the gameIn the end, KOTOR 2 is still a good RPG that Star wars and RPG fans can enjoy. But if you want the full experience, I highly recommend playing through the original KOTOR before this one and when installing this game, be sure to also install The Sith Lords Restored Content Modification (known as TSLRCM) for the best gameplay experience. This mod makes sure to fix the high amount of bugs while also restoring content that had to be cut from the game. Have fun and may the force be with you."
76561198395983607,Recommended,208580,33684262,Posted: 20 July,all,Akisaywalker,one of the best star wars games ever period!
,Recommended,208580,29659069,Posted: 2 February,all,Death,"Awesome game, just have to do a little tweaking to make it perfect."
76561198047353878,Recommended,208580,28313812,"Posted: 11 December, 2016",all,KezAzzamean,"KOTOR2 holds up really well for being a 10+ year old game. It is still extremely fun and worth a shot if you haven't played it, or want to play it again."
76561198101614594,Recommended,208580,19351715,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,Whiffmeister,I have bought this game twice now and I have enjoyed more hours on this game then conversing with family members. I had this for the original Xbox and I loved every second of it and am glad that I can continue to play it whenever I feel the need to be nostalgic. I would 100% recommend this game to anyone who loves RPG's and story driven games.10/10Obi-Wan Approves of this message.
76561198082529663,Recommended,208580,20650011,"Posted: 20 January, 2016",all,FERdeBOER,"When I gave away my old PC games I kept few of them, being KOTOR 1 and 2 amongst them. I finished both once when they went out and I was thinking on playing them again but was a bit lazy about it... until recently.If you are a Star Wars fan, play KOTOR 1, then KOTOR 2... these are the games you are looking for.I'm not a hardcore gamer, nor a good reviewer, but I definitely feel like reviewing this game. I'm playing it with the Restored Content mod and I played this game first 10 years ago, so I don't really remember which parts are new.I'll start with the cons, not very important to me, and then get to the real point:- Just few choices on character aspect.- The controls are a bit weird.- Sometimes your character gets stuck.- You felt you had a lot of moving freedom back when the game came out but, for today's standards, you don't really have that freedom in terms of where to go.- Even in places supposed to be crowded, there's not many ""people"".- Sometimes the game becomes incredibly hard and forces you into a combat you're not ready to win, but you can't avoid and you HAVE to win... that forces you to:a) runaway in circles while healing yourself and/or recover force power (which is boring and you feel like cheating).b) cheat directly and avoid wasting time doing a)I've seem some reviews complaining about some of your companions being useless/weak or not interesting... that could be true, but the game allows you to show them you think that, so it's not a con to me. Plus, there are situations and dialogues that change depending on which companions you go with.For me, the rest is great... Great story, great characters, great dialogues, attention to details... I think that you can even have an idea of what happens in KOTOR 1 just asking questions (but play KOTOR 1). Oh! and lightsabers!!In my opinion you can face the game in two ways: thinking ahead what do you want to do and choose your dialogues and actions according to that, or don't think about it and just let yourself go. I strongly recommend the second option.The great writing and dialogues (and choices) allows you to do it. If you take your time to read and answer you will have a lot of information and it will help you to get into the story; once there, you will have an opinion of what happened and what to do next that will ""guide"" your path.This second part is not black and white and there are many options from clearly white to clearly black passing from not so clear ones. You can even be white sometimes and black others.I'm not going to make spoilers here but, although I remember very little from my first gameplay, I remember ending up halfway into the dark side using two red lighsabers. This time I'm full light side and I'm using a single blue one.I said you don't have a lot of freedom in movement, but you have that freedom on mostly everything else. You choose your weapons, your armour, Oh! and lightsabers!! You decide to help ones or others, or both, or none... You will stop many times thinking what choice do you want and measuring the consequences...(I confess I spend a lot of time pressing X just to do those lightsabers movement).My final thought is... KOTOR 3, please! How cool would it be a similar game with the roaming freedom of GTA or Elder Scrolls?And works great in Linux!!!Final words: get this game. 9/10"
76561198063586426,Recommended,208580,20758750,"Posted: 25 January, 2016",all,Pre,"Well, I just powered through my first playthrough, after putting it off for quite a long time. I completed KOTOR 1 a long time ago, and to the day it is a dearly beloved game to me.Some general pros and cons:Pros:-Turn-based gameplay with an active pause system (very handy)-Lots of cool Star Wars lore (and if you don't like that, you can skip through almost all of it)-More weapons/armor than the first game-A wide variety of sidequests-Karmic system: Be a nice guy or a scary madman (Darkside and lightside, baby)Cons:- Not a specific spoiler, but you choose if you want to see it: it will affect your attitude towards the rest of the game.The ending. WTF?! So so so so many loose ends...-A decent number of weird bugs. However, quite a few can be corrected by workshop content-Space suit animation doe-It's not the prettiest game out there, but it'll do-Balacing issues, in turns of battle gameplay. It seems to roller coaster throughout the gameI can't say I loved this game quite as much as the first KOTOR. I really wanted to like it as much as the first, but it fell short. I would recommend checking out the restored content mods in the workshop to make the game better overall, I wasn't aware that they existed until after I finished my playthrough, so before playing I would definitely install that.I would give it a 8/10 overall. I want to be more critical, but I can't without going in-depth about the game's content (I don't like to spoil)."
76561198042558555,Recommended,208580,23423618,"Posted: 6 June, 2016",all,A Dank Crestfallen Frog,"Star Wars Knights of the Old Republic II is a very special game to me. It has a well written storyline with plenty of side quests. It has really solid gameplay especially for its age. Being able to take the turn based combat into real time freely while preparing the next few actions you want to take in combat is a brilliant mechanic. The story aside from towards the end where it just felt rushed, was actually better compared to Knights of the Old Republic I.Gameplay was heavily improved over the original game and the companions you have felt just as well developed. The tag story rich is no understatement. This in my opinion is one of the best RPG's of all time. A lot of people find you towards the end of the game are a bit strong at least within my circle of friends who have played the game. Which I find in certain parts is true but Kotor II really does bring a moderate challenge in its gameplay. I felt many of the boss battles were a pretty entertaining.Towards the end i'm not ashamed to say I abused Force Lightning Storm and some kiting strategies to deal with a lot the enemies that i'd be fighting in groups of 5 or more. The game's lightside darkside system as always is just so well designed. My favorite part of my playthrough was me trying to perspective how i'd interact with these characters thrown into the scenario of the Jedi Exile and acting on my opinion and not a light side or dark side choice.The crafting system is really well done I loved the lightsaber crafting options and skill system requirements for crafting. The skill tree for combat was amazing a lot of diversity and freedom. Getting to the force skill tree it's in my opinion one of the best skill tree's i've ever had in a game really one of my favorite parts of the whole game is the amazing force abilities and the progression they make. I only wish there was more because it was so much fun achieving these force powers.Kotor II is the dream sequel to Kotor I honestly all it makes me want is for another one. We all pray for Kotor III because of how amazing these gems of the past are. There are still a few flaws obviously in the game glitches mostly. The biggest issue the game has is its age. Not because of graphics but more because of modern optimization.To start with the issues is how often it crashes. If it crashes at the loading screen for you or something i'm sorry never seen that issue happen to me once fix its resolution in its files. I found the game crashes from being full screen in very specific cutscenes often in world transitions. Hitting alt enter in the loading screen windowed modes the game. This fixed all of my crash issues i'd often just save before a cutscene since in most games they're obviously coming and alt enter if it crashed so I could enjoy my full screen glory. (When it didn't crash happened like 5 times throughout the game no mods installed)The inventory system itself is very poorly sorted wish I had a search bar to find items or certain stat types not even a big issue though. Abusable medpack tricks like activating one during your healing round inside your inventory while casting heal. Albeit I like this trick since it helped me in a situations where I failed to pay attention to gameplay and got chunked down. The AI for companions is pretty bad they like to run into fights repeatedly forcing my to loop between characters to continuously get them away from enemies as they'd run back in on 10% health and no force points. Good times with that I can say that much.Lightsaber on lightsaber combat damage is a little bit too high. For boss battles and even regular lightsaber combat I could say even having half damage on lightsaber damage. Maybe by having a special melee defense perk to reduce the damage would be nice since my Master Flurry Shreds boss HP. While bosses shred my HP way to quick kind of reducing the excitement of drawn out boss battle. This is the biggest fault of the combat system in the entire game and it's still not even that bad. I don't know if there is a mod for this but my final complaint is these older games often have no map markers which helps exploration but is more irritating when you have no idea where to go and the journal isn't helping much. I found this an occasional issue that can be extremely annoying. My last real issue besides the rushed ending is the slow start definitely wish I could skip that start.Also not enough Sith using force lightning abilities that ♥♥♥♥♥ top tier. (Fighting the Sith was really cool in all seriousness)Summing up review in a Tldr;Pro's:-Good RPG gameplay-Amazing Real time turn combat-One of the best written Star Wars stories ever made-Pretty Lightsabers-Strongly developed characters including the player character-Brilliant Force Powers-Decently Challenging-Awesome light and dark side choices-Amazing level up skill tree-Diverse gameplay options even though most of us go with jedi for the sake of our childhood-(Apathy is death)-Great Crafting systemCons:-(Forgot to add this) Getting a lightsaber takes a bit which kind of sucks but some might find this to be a good thing-Slow start (First 4 Hours)-Rushed ending (Last 2 Hours)-Inventory system is in need of a search bar you get a lot of garbage and have a lot of inventory space I think infinite-Cutscenes crash issues which for me were cured by windowed mode in certain cutscenes (Biggest issue in the whole game)-Lightsaber combat damage is really quick the damage to saber users have is too fast I personally just wanted longer fights because how epic they were.-Small abusable glitches nothing special-Not the brightest AI but not even near broken(Sorry if this isn't written that well i'm far from an English major)Overall Kotor II is the best Star Wars game I have ever played hands down and one of the best RPG games I have ever played it's one of my top 5 favorite games and if you get into it you'll understand why.9.5/10Try to get the original first if you can and playthrough it but if not this game can stand alone easily because of how good it is."
76561198056970174,Recommended,208580,21611433,"Posted: 3 March, 2016",all,Spyro Jyro,"This game brings back some serious nostalgia. It was one of the first RPG's I ever played and help solidify my passion for Star Wars. If you played the orginal and enjoyed it than this game is for you. If not...its made some marginal improvements but it isn't drastically different than the first.PROSMore complicated morality system. Makes you question wheter your actions are truly good or evil.Intriguing story filled with twists and turns.Likable companions.A large variety of force powers and feats to choose from.CONSSomewhat glitchy.Terrible AI.Severely limited unless The Siths Lord Restored Content Mod is installed.Overall I would reccomend this game to anyone who like the orginal KOTOR and any Star Wars fan. I would suggest downloading The Sith Lords Restored Content Mod from the workshop for the optimal experience. If either of these apply I would wholeheartily reccomend this addition to your library.#Discussions_QuoteBlock_AuthorQuery: Is there someone you need killed, master?"
,Recommended,208580,22004172,"Posted: 23 March, 2016",all,Docta McNasty,"ERMEGERD ITS MAH CHILDHOOD!I played this game waaay back in 2005 on the original Xbox and played it almost religiously. I knew every quest, every conversation, every inch of the Ebon Hawk. The irony is that I played this before the first game, so many of the easter eggs were lost on me.But now? I played it again and while the graphics certainly haven't aged well, the story is as good as ever. I played with the Restored Content Mod and wow! This game is more alive than ever. The heart of this game lies not with the combat, but with the conversations you have, learning about the Force and the philosophy of the Jedi and Sith. This game accomplishes with a few talks with Kreia more than what Episodes 1-3 could in their combined runtimes.If you play this game, it is a must to get the Restored Content Mod as it brings the game to its full potential. All the broken plot lines are fixed. The crew all have more flow to them. Most of the bugs are gone (I stress most).I played the game as a Jedi Master, and boy do you feel more like a Jedi than the ones you're looking for. I suspect the same could be said if you go dark side, which is what I plan to do after I finish my first playthrough. Yeah, I'm 50 hours in and still not done one playthrough. All of your crew have full storyarchs and backstories. You get to know all of them and have a hand in their future. Interestingly, I somehow managed to turn HK-47 into the pinnacle light side character despite his insistance on murdering the crew.That said, remember when I stressed that MOST of the bugs were fixed? Currently I am unable to continue as I've encountered a bug that breaks the controls. Hopefully its just a one-time thing but I lost an hour because of it. You've been warned.As for the combat, it's alright. It's not the worst thing ever, but it's nowhere near the best. Sure it looks pretty, and the combat moves are really varied, but it does feel clunky with the way it works.If you're a Star Wars fan, this game and its original are a must-own. Together they form the backbone of the lore for Star Wars. There is a reason they are held in such high regard."
76561198117271068,Recommended,208580,23443964,"Posted: 7 June, 2016",all,Lamarr is permaBannedDivRP,"10/10Play Kotorand Kotor 2Played them both when i was 14 and was pretty much a supplement to my childhood addiction.Kotor 3 flopped.As so is life.[Edit : I also when looking for kotor 2, because i actually still have kotor one on disk. To old of a game to pawn for drug money. kek. The game store told it would be $80 for a copy of this game. I then went home and bought it on steam on sale for $2. I'm very disappointed with the way game companys and the internet mlg players differ.]Kotor is a great game. Full of choices similar to New Vegas. You can say this inspired most games like Dragon Age.I bought Mass effect, dragon age, fallout new vegas, pretty much all of the major roleplay games for the next century after around 2005.I played Kotor 1 at maybe 11. Didn't really know what i was doing and put 50 hrs into the first planet.This game kind of has a really [Quick-not as good as kotor1] ending and left me puzzled as a teenager. So i'm going to give it another go.I remember as a child wanting to be a mandelorian. Glithced my gear in the underwater sea in kotor 1 and made them all warriors.I know i refered kotor 1 but these two games are my all time favorite, secondly red faction gurrila, new vegas, mass effect (whole series).If you want nostalgia for the rest of your life. Get this game. Nuff Said."
76561198064261077,Recommended,208580,23458869,"Posted: 8 June, 2016",all,ethangudgel,"Greetings!I want to start out by stating that this game is so much different then its predecessor.This game is dark and brooding; Knights of the Old Republic was a much more friendly feeling game to me.I have played both games multiple times through. My dad played these games when I was a toddler, and he introduced me to hem when I was around eight or nine. I played both games on my dad's old XBox, and I recently bought The Sith Lords on Steam. I have already logged over 90 hours on Steam and am still not satisfied.Now for my impressions-KOTOR 2 is a game that allows you to delve into the deepest mysteries of the Force. I will try not to leave any spoilers, but you have a mentor you can approach at any time and learn of the Force, and learn from her wisdom; her mistakes. I loved this element, someone to speak to on your journey, someone to learn from.Th eavailable party members in this game are extremely varied in personality and background. KOTOR 2 introduced an influence system. It was a great addition, although didnt really change your party members opinion of you. Great system, but a few flaws.The plot has a few holes, but that is a result of Obsidian cutting certain content to get the game complete on time.If you have not yet, I highly suggest getting The Sith Lords Restored Content Modification, which fills many of these holes. It added new levels, new dialogue, quest fixes, and deeper character developement.The games has a sense of moral ambiguity. You do one thing, and a party member who will react positively, and another who will react negatively. Also, the mentor(whom I referenced earlier), has a skewed sense of ethical standards. She discourages giving aid, but she dissaproves of common bullying. She is neither a Jedi nor a Sith, and she is likely the most interesting character in the game.I thouroughly enjoy this game after each playthrough; I always find something new I hadn't before.If you haven't yet, I highly suggest you play this game. I sincerely hope it lives on, along with the first one, through the fans. It is one of my favorite games, and believe me, I've played many games.Thank you""It is not the destination that matters, but it is the journey.""-Kreia"
76561198171238315,Recommended,208580,19546057,"Posted: 7 December, 2015",all,danstew23,"WHat can I possibly say about KOTOR that hasn't been said yet?This game and KOTOR 1 are, to me, possibly the best games in the SW-franchise.I love the setting, thousands of years before the events in the movies. They did well with the vibe and stuff.However, please keep in mind that these games are rather old. They did work well on Steam (while the version I bought at a store and installed from a DVD required a ton of fiddling until they actually worked). They are not looking great anymore, but if you are into the story, check this out... it's such a fun story with a big twist/surprise (which of course, by now, everyone knows about).It's not quite as much fun when you play through it again, even though you can go for a different class, but the whole storyline, visiting those iconic places, unravelling the secrets is a ton of fun.one of the best RPGs ever for me, and if you don't mind playing very outdated (graphically) games, and you like SW and/or RPGs, make sure to get this!"
,Recommended,208580,20481820,"Posted: 11 January, 2016",all,Ekam,"It was a thing for a reason in its timeITS GOODThe good:The story, better than any movie of starwars you have seen until nowThe voice acting, excelent everyone has a proper voice for their characters and the ones that should, actually sound baddassThe choices, they are not totally ground-changing but they afect things at the moment and will affect some of the futureYou can kill many annoying NPC's, some of your characters will praise you for thatGameplay, if this was played on real time it would have been perfect but, it serves its purpoise well its enjoyableThe acceptable:Visuals, for its age looks fineDungeons, all are large, this can be good and bad, but you got 2 forms of speed up wich helps took me some time to adjust myself in order to navigate themCustomisation, weapons and armor, are beyond of most games of today, character and powers are good but still missed a little moreCaution, is expected to have many saves in a game like thisThe bad:The dlc for the content that didnt arrived is bad, gets you some answer but the dungeon is a painBeing forced to use all of your cast, there are some characters that you would normally just avoid using them, but the game gives you no choice in some events, and you HAVE to use themYou cannot choose in the end, the ending is there whatever you have done will not change the major outcomeits a good ending and changing it would affect the timeline but still....You cannot skip some scenes, why is this bad? because you have to poke a lot of choices to have what you want, so you will have to see these scenes again and againYou cannot choose your party, even if you cannot change the cast, not allowing them to go with you would be niceIf you're sith in the refugee sector the game will punish you with a wookie instead of the mercenary F#%& that"
,Recommended,208580,20929374,"Posted: 3 February, 2016",all,mki79,"I just finished playing the game and it took my 47 hours to do just about everything the game had to offer. I played with the mod TSLRCM.Here are my thoughts on this game:All in all I would rate this as one of the greatest Action Roleplaying Games on PC (Fallout, Baldurs Gate 2, Mass Effect, etc.) but I have to admit this left me with somewhat mixed feelings.Game was developed really fast (less than one year!?) and well - it shows. You cannot rush a masterpiece.Let´s start with the bad stuff (Cons)* All in all game feels so unfinished and there´s so many places and parts in the game where you have to wonder ""I bet this would have been great with one more year of time for developers""* There are some annoying bugs. E.g. after combat ends your characted gets stuck and even though there are tips that say you should turn off/on the V-sync they really don´t help in all cases (e.g. in my case). You can live with this bug as it is totally random and doesn´t happen all the time and when it does you just have to F4+F5 (quick save + quick load) after the battles.* Difficulty is so unbalanced and this most likely is due to lack of play testing. Some parts are almost impossible and some parts (most of the game) perhaps too easy. The difficult parts are the ones where you have to play without your main character and if you haven´t micromanaged and optimized the NPCs in your party really carefully. Also some skills are overbowered and some are underbowered. Same goes for items and weapons and well...just about everything* Ending...let´s just say the last place you go in your adventure takes you gets grindy and repetative. Not a worthy ending for otherwise solid story* Then there are small things which are kinda ""90s"" like the inventory managementBut even with those all flaws I highly recommend this game. Story is great, the NPCs in your party are well written and there´s lots of humour and good dialogue in the game. I would rate this as one of the best Star Wars saga games and to good thing is that this feels so fresh because this takes place soooo long before the Movies that you don´t know the story in advance."
76561198000653920,Recommended,208580,21824664,"Posted: 13 March, 2016",all,Mor-Dan Kin,"In general everyone seems to think KoTOR is better than TSL. I am not among the general.That said, TSL has some buggy stuff where suddenly you and all your people are Sith aligned. CTDs. The script language does not always make sense, and the paths forward are not always clear. The said, the scope here is almost as impressive as the philosophy.You are again a mysterious stranger. You don't wait as long to find out who you are. Mentored by an old Jedi, once again you assemble a team and make choices. Some of these forward your relationship to gain character backstory. Some of these increase your leanings. Again, you decide how you want to play: Kill 'em all and let the force sort them out, be at peace with anything that doesn't aggro you, or meh.The depth of the story, though, is impressive. There is betrayal, Jedi gone rogue, some dude who is literally falling apart after trying to kill his master, and a boss that consumes the force for sustenance. They all tie-in to the greater story explored in the novels of who is Revan, was he good or bad (or she, again, the canon is overthrown), and what force exists beyond what can be seen by the Jedi council that threatens all of Republic space? You can also help ""rebuild"" the Mandalorians, train your own Jedi/Sith team, and destroy a planet. It's really cool. Toss in the restored content and other mods (just like KoTOR), and you've got serious replayability.recommended buy, but again, wait for a sale. It happens a lot. Save them dolladolla bills."
,Recommended,208580,20515014,"Posted: 13 January, 2016",all,dacen315,"TL; DR: KotOR II is excellent, but unfinished. A must play for Star Wars and/or RPG fans. Play through it once without the Restored Content Mod and play through it again with the mod installed.I have owned this game for a very long time. I originally played this game countless times on a disc, so my Steam hours do not accurately reflect the time I have spent with this game. I am one of those people that say that this game is better than the original (although the original is extremely good too).Let's get this out of the way first. Knights of the Old Republic II is an unfinished game. It was rushed to release to meet a Holiday release date. As a result of this, many sections of the game were cut out entirely, including an entire planet, along with vital story dialogue with characters and an ending that actually makes some sense. I am aware that there is a mod that restores a good chunk of the cut content called The Sith Lord Restored Content Mod (which is very good by the way), but I will bring that up into more detail later.Take the Star Wars formula that you know (Jedi = Good, Sith = Bad) and completely flip it on its head. It doesn't do a complete turn around, but you start thinking of the Jedi and the Sith more in shades of grey than in one being absolutely good and the other absolutely evil. You get more of a nuanced education in the Force from one of the best Star Wars characters ever, Kreia. Let's be honest here, Kreia is absolutely the best character in this game and is probably one of the best Star Wars characters ever, yes you heard that right.In KotOR II, you play as the Jedi Exile, a former Jedi Knight that was kicked out of the order due to his/her involvement in the Mandalorian Wars. You were one of the Jedi that followed Revan and Malak off to war, and you were also the only Jedi that returned to face judgment. Ten years have passed since then and you return to find a threat facing the galaxy that hides in the shadows. What follows is a galaxy spanning quest in the same ship as the first game collecting companions to aid you in this threat while rediscovering your connection to the Force. It is one of the most unique takes on the Star Wars license.But, as was said earlier, it was rushed to meet a deadline. A lot of vital content was cut from the final release, but the files were still in the game. A team of modders took it upon themselves to restore this content (what they could, anyway), and it is a crime that Obisidian was not given enough time to finish this game properly. However, I do recommend that new players do not play through the game first with the Restored Content Mod and save it for a second playthrough. Playing through it first unfinished and then switching to the mod gives you a much better idea of exactly how much stuff was cut, and how important the cut content really is.If you are a fan of Star Wars, or of RPGs in general, then there is no question, KotOR II is a must buy."
,Recommended,208580,18525658,"Posted: 17 October, 2015",all,LakuPope,"A fantastic action-RPG set in the Expanded Universe of Star Wars.+ Story is great.+ Doesn't look too bad.+ Star Wars.+ Dark-side/Light-side elements that determine how the story progresses.+ Combat looks and feels awesome.+ Mod-support.- Some minor audio bugs, looping music and other sounds.- Visual glitches. Characters clipping through walls etc.- Content missing in the ""vanilla"" version. TSLRCM fixes this though.Also, the game was patched 10 years after release. The patch added native widescreen support, controller support, Steam achievements and Steam Workshop. TSLRCM is available for download through the Steam Workshop, which is great."
76561198040811698,Recommended,208580,10152235,"Posted: 17 May, 2014",all,Darkclaw3050,"Highly recommended for any fan of RPGs and Star Wars. Story is well done with voiced dialogue. Customize a character, lead a party of characters ranging from droids to scoundrels to Jedi and use the Force as you choose, for Light or Dark! Tons of weapons, powers, and items to use and specialize in."
76561198106415117,Recommended,208580,27441840,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Sigimund,Old but solid gold!
,Recommended,208580,10374295,"Posted: 6 June, 2014",all,Subaru Impreza Chan,"I like this game.Recommended for those who like Star Wars.The storyline in this game is dark compared to the first which is for me is coolDecision can affect your influence so choose wisely.The fighting mechanic is good but at some point it can be pain in the♥♥♥♥♥A glitch during cutscene is sometime annoying because it skips certain dialogueThere is a bug in this game where I can't join swoop race on one of my characters but that doesn't affect the ratingsI wish the character creation is not ""fixed"" I mean by doing the face and hair etc instead of selecting the presetsOverall : 9/10"
76561198078574256,Recommended,208580,21136130,"Posted: 11 February, 2016",all,Qalori,"As long as you add the restored content mod from the workshop, this game is well worth it."
76561198030158706,Recommended,208580,32944537,Posted: 28 June,all,Fralin,"Buggy, but fun... and bugy, and crashes... but a classic"
,Recommended,208580,9906010,"Posted: 22 April, 2014",all,ThE_MarD,"Heyyo, this is an enjoyable game. As most say, I do agree as well that KOTOR 1 had a better storyline which did translate into a more enjoyable game but KOTOR 2 is still worth a good play through especially when it's on sale. Obsidian Entertainment, makers of many memorable RPG's of the past, present... are also making some amazing upcoming RPG's that I look forward to. So? If you enjoyed KOTOR 1? You might as well play an interesting continuation and enjoy more KOTOR fun. :)"
,Recommended,208580,32872842,Posted: 27 June,all,Alexander,This is a review for the 2017 Steam Summer Sale stickers.You know this game is good. Play it.
76561198021162123,Recommended,208580,10463064,"Posted: 13 June, 2014",all,Tare,"Knight of the Old Republic II.This game. The more you play it, the more it gets better. This belongs to the Underrated category, being superior than its predecessor, biowares KoTor.This game sets up few years after the events of the original KoTor game. This Time you play as ""the exile"" an ex jedi who followed Revan to war against the Mandalorian threath.On your journey you discover a terrible thruth: You are the key to kill the force.This new concept on killing the force is really something new in star wars. Every single star wars game is about ruling something.Lets talk about locations.Tutorial:This game has an skippable tutorial level, but i recomend you to play it, since there are few mechanics that are different than the Biowares KoTor. The level is located inside the Ebon Hawk. Revan's ship from the last game.1st level. Peragus mining asteroid.Wow. I really enjoyed this level. You face countlets of enemies and try to find out why everyone is mysteriously dead. Venturing deeper this mysterious dead rock you meet your 3 first companions.The level desing is great lightings are marvelous.2nd. Level. Telos shipyard and surface.This location acts like a pit stop. A location for you to catch up what has happened during these years and why there are no more jedis.As location this is the weakest on my opinion. There is much to do, but at that time of the game I really wanted to get the hell out of there. Still enjoyable.(Next locations will be mentioned briefly, because these I dont want to spoil)Dxun moon, Onderon, Nar Shaddaa, Dantooine, Korriban, Malachor.All of them have enjoyable areas. many cool enemies and really beautifull landscapes.Companions:The companions are ALL good. Best written characters in star wars. Depends on your affection to them they are seen wandering around the Ebon Hawk. They argue against eachothers and even plot against some characters. And for the first time it really matters wich gender you pick.Female: gets the Diciple.Male: gets Brianna.And even your Dark/Lightside affects 2 companions.Hanharr and MiraIf you are evil you get the mad wookiee. If you are a saint, a good bounty hunter will aproach you.These details add replay-value, because they add their own story to the game and own dilemas that you have to solve.Many people dislike this game, but to be honest Obsidian made an amazing job with this one. Lack of time and money made the game shorter and many good content were cut off from the final product.This is one of the greatest star wars games that i have played (I have played many). From PC tie fighter to the newest Star wars Battlefront. This Game is on my top 3.Maybe even the Best star wars game that i have played. Surpassing KoTor and Jedi Knight serie.Overall score:9/10Try it? yesBuy it? yesHave physical copy? YES"
,Recommended,208580,13695823,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,Avith,"For sure not as good as KOTOR, but still a good game in its own right. Maybe someday Bioware will realize their folly and release a KOTOR III, rather than the Old Republic MMO, which like anyone would have told them prior was doomed to fail.I still have my finger crossed for a solid, traditional RPG successor!"
,Recommended,208580,20016176,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,ＴＨＥ ＶＯＺＨＤ,glitchybutadaptablealso based obsidian making that workshop update <3
76561198121864452,Recommended,208580,20549934,"Posted: 15 January, 2016",all,Hex,"I've played this game when I was just 14 years old and it was one of the best experiences I've had with gaming. Me and my friend were rabid over this game even before we understood how deep the writing was. It made everything interesting in some way, it helped you learn things. This game teaches you things, useful things. I'm not certain if another game could possibly have more of an impact on me than this one. A true masterpiece."
,Recommended,208580,22844446,"Posted: 7 May, 2016",all,alexbali25,"Rigged, Funniest part was when my guy... MISSED... A DOOR DURING A BASH.... HOW THE HELL... DO YOU FREAKIN... MISS A [Censored For The Kiddies!] DOOR!? AND A TANK DROID?!?!?!But overall this is a great game :D"
76561198208207671,Recommended,208580,31410133,Posted: 27 April,all,Chester Bennington,The first Kotor game is one of my favorite games of all time. I bought this game on sale after playing the broken version on console. This game became one of my favorite games (2nd all time star wars games). 10/10 game highly recommend if you're a Star Wars fan or RPG fan.
,Recommended,208580,10551906,"Posted: 19 June, 2014",all,Psyentific,A timeless classic
76561198024819135,Recommended,208580,10880415,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,redweth,"KOTOR II has some of the most compelling character development in an RPG. Though the game is notoriously buggy (save frequently! look up known bugs so you're prepared!) there is an excellent restored content patch available that makes the game more stable and restores content the developers were forced to cut from the game due to time constraints. Do yourself a favor, and play this game."
,Recommended,208580,31187337,Posted: 16 April,all,hawkzy,"If you liked the first game, you'll like this one. The ending wasn't as traumatically disappointing as I expected. I recommend installing the restored content mod from the workshop."
,Recommended,208580,31190110,Posted: 16 April,all,Neopolitan,"Extremely good game. If you are a fan of Star Wars or RPG's, then you should buy this."
,Recommended,208580,21721809,"Posted: 8 March, 2016",all,Two-Bears-High-Fiving,YO How the HELL do I get off this DAMN MINING FACILITY
76561197985530069,Recommended,208580,32097005,Posted: 31 May,all,Euphy,"Genre: RPGPros+ Lots of lore and exposition+ Interesting characters and companions+ Good variety of locations to visit+ Decent character customization (equipment, skills, abilities, etc)+ Morality system; lots opportunities for player choice+ Revamped graphics and UI to feel a bit more modern+ It's Star Wars!Cons- A lot of parts of the story are weak or unexplained- Companion ""influence"" feature is unintuitive- Combat gets too easy (and repetitive) about half-way in- Opinion: drags some parts on for too long; starts to feel boringNotes1. Mechanically, feels exactly like the first KoTOR2. Very dark, somber game. Unlike the first KoTOR3. Includes comprehensive crafting systemLet me know if you have any questions!"
76561198061827492,Recommended,208580,31333818,Posted: 23 April,all,TheMightyYak,Pure Pazaak.
,Recommended,208580,23025965,"Posted: 16 May, 2016",all,Catalion,"To have more fun with the game:http://www.moddb.com/mods/the-sith-lords-restored-content-mod-tslrcm/downloadsIf the character is stuck and you can't move it, turn on v-sync."
,Recommended,208580,19906417,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,Quasar,"I find myself playing this game every couple of years and having a blast!and what other game gets an official update after 10 year? this one does.play the first or don't, its doesnt matter, this sequel stands for itself."
76561198413924998,Recommended,208580,34864801,Posted: 10 September,all,bluefish67010,its good
,Recommended,208580,19137803,"Posted: 17 November, 2015",all,SC Shadow Blade,"If your a fan of Jade empire or the mass effect series, or Dragon Age this game will be a good choice to play. With two sides to play and 6 classes you can pick from the game is a great journey"
,Recommended,208580,10242859,"Posted: 26 May, 2014",all,TipsE,"By far one of the greatest Star Wars games ever made, only being surpassed by its predecessor: SW:KOTR. This story driven game is beautifully written and gives the player the option of being a merciful Jedi, or a Ruthless Sith."
76561197970384883,Recommended,208580,403206,"Posted: 27 September, 2012",all,FHDA,87/100
76561198362830163,Recommended,208580,35041484,Posted: 18 September,all,ChefRandy,"It took me to the absolute final boss of this game before i figured out how stimulants work, but that is more the fault of my own idiocy than it is the fault of the game. Fun tho"
76561198114484798,Recommended,208580,31098756,Posted: 12 April,all,Revox,5/7
76561198087840047,Recommended,208580,28348469,"Posted: 13 December, 2016",all,Mad_as_a_Hatter,It's Like KOTOR 1 if the writers had graduated from High School.
,Recommended,208580,21677943,"Posted: 6 March, 2016",all,Jeath (Spoon Ninja),Great to see Star Wars on linux. This is one of my Favorite games of all time. Great story with lots of side quests. Even better now that I can play it on Linux.
,Not Recommended,208580,28416160,"Posted: 16 December, 2016",all,TheSir 2Spoopy4U,"After multiple attempts of playing through this game, I just cannot recommend it. It is buggy, has a few game breaking glitches, and (as I have found) has artificial difficulty, over half of my attacks miss no matter what I attempt to upgrade or change. It feels like a chore to play this game! KOTOR was an amazing game, which I was excited to jump into the sequel, only to be dissapointed from the very first planet."
76561198051423135,Recommended,208580,28917691,Posted: 1 January,all,Dapper AF,"This game is my favorite PC game of all time. Before I write this review I have to say, the TSLCRM is a required mod to play it. The review is written with the mod in mind, as without it, the game isn't complete and although the game is still good, the mod makes is infinitly better adding more plots, quests, items, characters, and significantly enhancing the ending. The other mods that is downloadable are a great addition as well, but I highly recommend downloading all of them from Deadly Stream, otherwise, just get TSLCRM from the Workshop.I will also draw up my personal opinions of this game, compared to the first KotOR.The game is amazing. This is quite possibly the best single player RPG of all time.Character Creation and buildingFor starters, the character creation and customization allows you to create a unique character, from a skillful blaster wielding jedi able to create weapon/armor mods that are almost OP, to a duel-wielding sith Assassin that can kill in seconds. Every starting class is distinct in how they level up, and you will be granted a choice of a ""prestige"" class that is basically an enhanced version of the starters, unlocking many powerful Feats and Powers. Your character also builds upon story events which I find very unique as the game does so in such a natural feeling way. The characers you run into, are all unique in how they play in game, but building them at times can be a bit more limited as they're usually there for a certain role.Compared to KotOR I, I feel like the building is several times better in having more variety, more levels, and more Feats/Powers. The level cap is 50, so high in fact, you may never see that level.CombatNow this section will be a bit short, simply put, combat is very fun with it being a mix of real time, and turn based, and depending on your party and build, you will be able to confront enemies in a variety of ways. The combat compared to the first KotOR is much improved and seemingly more balanced.CharactersNow, the characters have great personalities and fantastic backstories that you unlock though gaining their trust with a great influence system. Almost all of them are a joy to have in a playthrough, although depending on the character you are building, you may miss out on a few of the characters, which for some may be a negative, is a fantastic point to replay the game as the ending will change. Now, some characters do seem to come out in front of others in terms of plot importance and dialogue, but they all have a place in the story and depending on the type of character you want, they will show and speak up more.Not only are your allies great, the villains are almost better, and often, more interesting. The game takes place, thousands of years before anything happens in the Phantom Menace, and it shows off the darkest, most powerful Sith Lords, showing what happens when you are met with power so immense, that you cannot control it without sacrifice. All of the lords you face have very deep metaphors behind them when in connection to your character and in the overall plotline.KotOR I does stuff better and some stuff worse, character progression, in terms of story and building, feels more unrealistic as it feels like the characters are on a timer to reveal what they have to say, but the characters just feel so natural in the Star Wars universe, that I honestly don't really care, when in KotOR II, the characters seem to only tell you things when a event triggers a memory of something to tell you, or you break them to tell you, which I like. I have to admit, the main villains in II, are a lot more interesting than the first, and truly show the darkest of the Force.QuestsQuests in this game are almost all unique. Very little ""go there and kill them/find an item"" and sometimes, there are many ways to do a quest, peacefully, quietly, or through pure violence, and they often have a consequence. KotOR I is pretty much the same way, with good choices and many unique quests, although consequence sometimes isn't even appearent. KotOR I also is very black and white with the choices, rather than being gray.Lore/StoryThis game takes place in a very interesting time period of the Star Wars universe, it shows some of the ancient masters of the force, the struggles of the Republic, and the great ancient wars that nearly wiped out, or completely wiped out many different planets and even species. Now this is the pinnacle of Star Wars story/lore telling, along with the first KotOR I. Not only does this game show off the best Dark Lords of the entire Star Wars Universe, but it also shows off some of the greatest masters, generals, and wars that have happened that changed the galaxy of Star Wars forever. The game connects really well with KotOR I and I suggest playing that game first.This story is very mature in comparison of the first and is extremely gray, showing the evils of the Jedi, and the compromises,  good of the Sith. The true Sith are still the bad guys, but the overall idea of the Sith, is portrayed more of a darker shade of gray, than being completely black. In terms of philosophy, I REALLY enjoyed this portrayal of the Force, and is my personal canon of the entirety of Star Wars, especially after the simplification and breaking of lore on how the Force works in The Force Awakens.The choices you will have to make, can, and often will, change the story and are honestly quite difficult to choose. Compared to the original The games overall storytelling is fantastic, better in many ways always reminding you of the mysteriousness of the force and how it kinda works (because you can  never truly comprehend the nature of the Force), and how it connects to philosophy in the real world. The pacing at the beginning of the game may be slow for many, but honestly adds to the experience for me, showing great buildup, while KotOR I's pacing is honestly perfect for practically anyone. Although replays can get annoying going through Peragus your 5th+ time.ConclusionFor ten dollars you get a game that you can put at LEAST a hundred hours into. I can easily put in a few hundred more hours and still find new stuff especially considering I have never done a dark side playthrough. The modding community is still kicking, still making more fantastic mods, and I really hope they keep putting out more mods and posting the mods that died with the Kotor filefront (RIP). Buy this amazing game even if you are not a Star Wars fan, but if you are, you NEED this game.MUSTHAVE/10"
76561198103479300,Recommended,208580,35231730,Posted: 26 September,all,ethangaines98,This is such a great game. If you're a Star Wars fan it is impossible to not enjoy this slice of history. Even if you aren't a fan it's very hard to not enjoy.
,Recommended,208580,19655614,"Posted: 12 December, 2015",all,YourAverageKiwi,"When u go dark side, everyone hates you.. i like itChat spam Kappa 123"
76561198142996173,Recommended,208580,25794204,"Posted: 30 September, 2016",all,Rild,Improved extension of KOTOR 1.
76561198042503993,Recommended,208580,30738274,Posted: 25 March,all,PowerfulWolf,"Awesome gameplay, story is pretty decent and it's Star Wars.  Do I need to say more?"
,Recommended,208580,35423277,Posted: 2 October,all,Hammy,"One of the best Star Wars games that has a good story line. Sure, the combat system isn't the most fun thing in the world, but the environment, the planets, the options you have to choose your own path as a Jedi or a Sith is truly one of the best feelings in a game ever. Being able to choose your path and how you get ther is really fun, especially in the Star Wars universe. In the end, it's up to you to either save the galaxy, or rule the galaxy with no one standing in your way.Also, the graphics aren't up to par, but this game is rather old. This was an original Xbox game, so it kind of makes sense why it looks like its outdated, but you can mod the textures in the game to graphically update it to your liking. It might be difficult to find the best graphical update mods, but they do exist."
,Recommended,208580,35418676,Posted: 2 October,all,tahkaullus01,"If there's one thing I loved about KOTOR I it was the way Bioware perfectly captured the Star Wars universe and created a narrative that was believable for that universe. KOTOR II is much the same only this time the game systematically tears the universe and logic of the narrative apart and forces the players to ask the big question: Is being a Jedi all that it's cracked up to be?Who is good and who is evil? Are such titles important? Who is to say what is right and what is wrong? And yes, I have spent too much time listening to Kreia.Play it. I can not stress that enough."
,Recommended,208580,35496021,Posted: 5 October,all,BoJack,"A timeless classicThis game is no doubt one of the greatest achievements in the history of intellectual products and will go down in history of videogame. If you haven't already finished this game then I envy you. It's the top of my list for a game that I wish could be wiped from my memory so I could play it all over again. KOTOR 2 is still one of the best RPG on the market. With great mechanics, a large diversity of equipment, a lengthy story and very satisfying graphics considering when the game originally came out.In the end I'd reccommend this game to anyone who loves Star Wars and is looking for a fresh and unique take on it, or anyone who loves good characters and storytelling."
76561198011766374,Recommended,208580,16606947,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,Herr Professor,"I've spent a good portion of my life playing video games.When I could be going out, I played. When I could be reading a book, I played.I regret it immensely, because I played things other than KOTOR II.Best game in existence, buy it and play it."
,Recommended,208580,17688156,"Posted: 23 August, 2015",all,MothaJumpinFrog,Really fun. played it back on the xbox when i was a kid loved even more on the pc.
,Recommended,208580,17304599,"Posted: 30 July, 2015",all,Monkey D. Dragon,best game ever. Monkey D. Dragon Confirms it.
,Recommended,208580,17476117,"Posted: 10 August, 2015",all,Haunted Goblin,"Probably one of my all time favourite games hands down, played this game quite a bit growing up (XBOX Version) and loved it. I'm really into the star wars universe and lore and this game fits exactly what I'd expect out of a SW RPG. Any star wars lover will simply find this game to be a master piece though it has some minor flaws mods come to the rescue especially the restored content mod that just tosses the cherry on-top. PLAY THIS GAME.. you wont regret it![10/10]"
,Recommended,208580,18218369,"Posted: 27 September, 2015",all,Shiny Magikarp,"Note: I played a lot of hours on console when it orignially came out.One of the best Star Wars games and RPG's ever made. The game is just so good.. such a great story. The gameplay is fantastic and it's an actual RPG, with dialoge choices that you decide and mold into who you want to be (good/evil). For how old it is the graphics are still fairly good. Highly recommended for Star Wars and RPG fans."
76561198080015575,Recommended,208580,30107758,Posted: 22 February,all,mattdale182,"This game features a nice return to the Old Republic era in the Star Wars timeline. The sequel to Knights of the Old Republic (KOTOR), this game puts you back in the action as a rogue jedi trying to figure out where you belong in this universe. The gameplay is not really any different from the original KOTOR, and veterans of the previous game will feel right at home. The graphics are moderate, but smooth.Rating: 7.5 / 10"
,Recommended,208580,19426942,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,is roy really our boy tho,"There came a part where you must choose who will lead a fireteam, and I thought it would be funny if I chose Atton. Then the game crashed.This game takes itself seriously10/10"
76561198202181044,Recommended,208580,17461378,"Posted: 9 August, 2015",all,Santi,A worthy sequel.
,Recommended,208580,8963601,"Posted: 3 February, 2014",all,Majora64,"This game is a classic, I recommend buying both this game and KOTOR 1 for any fan of RPGS and Star Wars."
,Recommended,208580,9806573,"Posted: 13 April, 2014",all,Pvt Donut,A great sequel to a great game.
,Recommended,208580,10543887,"Posted: 19 June, 2014",all,Havine,Sweyg Approved!
,Recommended,208580,11677125,"Posted: 12 August, 2014",all,Reaper,"if your game crashes this will help.C:\Program Files (x86)\Steam\steamapps\common\Knights of the Old Republic II\swkotor2.iniGo to the config file and type in:AllowWindowedMode=1Then, wherever it says, Fullscreen=1, change it to zero. Bam. KotOR II works on Windows 7Thanks FRott"
76561198068246776,Recommended,208580,17304458,"Posted: 30 July, 2015",all,Bwett,KOTOR 2 makes it a joy to play with yourself!  No need to pull your lightsaber out with your friends.  You can shoot your blaster all over the people in this game and you wont have to worry about jail time!Don't forget to go to a cantina and listen to some good ol' fashion Jiz-wailers!
,Recommended,208580,17421329,"Posted: 6 August, 2015",all,Chivie,<3
,Recommended,208580,20366011,"Posted: 6 January, 2016",all,Danshimoto,"I hope this reviews help somebodyStoryline 7/10The story is good, a republic shattered by war, jedis almost extinc, the sith returns, and you, the lastest thing close to a jedi can defeat them and be the heroe of the story. All was fine, until that crappy ending. Is very know that they game study didn't finish the way it was meant to be, and there is a mod out there that reveal the cut content that was going to be used. So i gave him a 7Gameplay 7/10Is good, like his predecessor, but any notable change in the way you play, also sometimes you want to cast a force but yet the game says ""no hell, first one attack and then the spell"", freaking annoying. Also, don't use the automatic level system, is very crap. I'm giving him only 7 because it reminds me so much to D&D (Yeah, yeah, all the role games came from D&D, but the game literaly puts on the descripcions things like your damage is a ""D6"" or that you use ""Will Saves"", etc"". Also the game is kinda short, i felt that Kotor 1 has more lenghtGraphics 8/10The graphics are good, for his time, but they could do better. The game models repeats too much, is like you go to the store and ""Hello Human Model 1"", then the  go to talk to a crucial npc to end the game and, hello again human model 1.Music 8/10I liked the music, but i felt it lacked some of the classics of the franchise, but still is good.Conclussion: I wouldn't recommended to buy it alone, you better wait for the discount on the Star Wars Pack, but if you want it for the achievements, go ahead, just be prepare for a crappy end, beside everything else, is good."
76561198077258920,Recommended,208580,24793379,"Posted: 9 August, 2016",all,Fucking Lettuce,Great game
76561198041771499,Recommended,208580,20191675,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,Jotaro Kujo,"""It is such a quiet thing to fall. But far more terrible is to admit it.""KreiaSpeaks volumes about modern starwars really. Also this is the best starwars game of all time narrative wise."
76561198039514250,Recommended,208580,23627904,"Posted: 18 June, 2016",all,sith,"Great gameCome to the dark side, we have cookies"
76561198063185839,Recommended,208580,19065764,"Posted: 13 November, 2015",all,Barkly the Basketball,Love it :D
,Recommended,208580,21013054,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,Unicorn Man_Puppet,Only choice when talking to kreia: Shut up ugly hag
,Recommended,208580,24776645,"Posted: 8 August, 2016",all,Lou Zephyr,"Re-playing this game after so many years gave me a real nostalgic feeling.The game itself is still top notch, though it suffers from missing comfort features and clunky menus.All in all it is an awesome RPG and i love the fact that you can influence your campanions... to the dark side.For 10 bucks? Awww yea!"
,Recommended,208580,29775832,Posted: 7 February,all,joben7,"Good game, KOTOR 1 is still way better in my opinion, it's just too nostalgic"
76561198222580424,Recommended,208580,28637475,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,God-king Jacksone,Good game... one of the best to ever bless this earth10/10 Meatbag
,Recommended,208580,24372658,"Posted: 17 July, 2016",all,Clammystraw8235,This game is great! not quite as good as the first but to be fair that game is virtually unbeatable
76561198078594321,Recommended,208580,31096843,Posted: 12 April,all,Blitzkreig,It has HK-47 in it
,Recommended,208580,17314751,"Posted: 31 July, 2015",all,oof,+1
,Recommended,208580,19866828,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,stabbyjones,On the original Xbox this game was buggy as hell. It actually was so bad that I'm still cagey about any game by obsidian to this day.If you haven't played this before you should. It's mass effect alpha 2.It has aged well but its still an old game.
,Recommended,208580,31016518,Posted: 8 April,all,SNOOPERBOT,10/10 would get destroyed by Kreia again.
,Recommended,208580,10873560,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,Silent Krabs,"A rather sharp critque of the Star Wars prequels if you pay attention. And it's also got brilliant writing in general, intelligent gameplay, non-linearity, and it is so, so, much better than the original in every way possible. Be forewarned, you should download the Restored Content Mod and M4-78 to get the full experience, though.Oh, and it's best to pretend The Old Republic doesn't exist if you want to enjoy the story."
,Recommended,208580,19068673,"Posted: 14 November, 2015",all,Fiona,"Only the greatest CRPG of all time! No, really.Well, maybe if you value things like 'not having bugs' or 'balanced gameplay' or 'not being rushed out the door for Christmas'. But, what classic CRPG (Bioware aside) isn't filled with these little character flaws? Frankly, it still feels more polished than Alpha Protocol, which, while remaining one of my favorite all-time games, doesn't have the 'rushed out' excuse so much.Despite being a licenced game and sequel, the story of the Jedi Exile and her companions (oh, did I mention the player character is canonically female?) manages to have the best narrative I've seen in any video game I've ever played, one which still sparks debate over its true messages and intent. Without giving too much away, you'll be touching on the nature of good and evil, the scars that remain from war, the struggle against objective morality and appointed fate, and the very real consequences that come from being a video game character. (No, really.)Also, this game both stands up to repeat paythroughs and doesn't make you hate the vast majority of the supporting cast. (LOOKING AT YOU, BIOWARE)More importantly, thanks to the good people at Aspyr and the dedicated mod community, the game has both the content it deserved to ship with and a slick control and graphical update for the modern gamer. Fully playable using a 360 controller, widescreen without stretching or patch hacks, and on whichever operating system you fancy most. (IN YOUR FACE, BIOWARE)Star Wars love not required, and perhaps detrimental! Being a person who hates Star Wars, I have to make the obvious admission that some fans of that saga might not like this game too much. That said, the depths of the story and its themes, and the ambiguity they bring, should make up for that...and to be sure, this game still packs a lot of love for the old hokey science-fantasy epic, all the same. (Also, I love other Star Wars games too, like the original Battlefront titles, so don't get too uppity.)TL;DR Made me a nihilist, Handmaiden best girl, 11/10."
,Recommended,208580,27723607,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,ethanizaak,In the realm of Star Wars. this game has yet to be beat for its narrative exploration of the gray areas dominating heroism and villainy (the Force). Highly recommended.
,Recommended,208580,481802,"Posted: 1 September, 2012",all,UnKnown Player,"This is one of the most immersive titles from the franchise. The story is brilliant and twists and turns constantly, leaving you with a dawning understanding of something world shaking taking place as you play through the game. Obviously good or evil decisions are mixed in with more subtle or subjective choices meaning that this can be role played properly if you wish and with so many choices throughout the story line it makes it replayable enjoyable for a long time to come. The interface is a little aged but once you get used to it you will be immersed in the story and universe before you know it."
,Recommended,208580,15736720,"Posted: 8 May, 2015",all,Cool emo,"When this game was released it was horribly buggy.Now a couple of years later we have the restored content mod, which restores several of the cut features and patches most of the bugs.The gameplay of the game is more or less the same as the last, and graphicly there has been little change.The writing however is stellar. Featuring a more grey side of the story instead of the classic evil vs good as we've seen before in Star Wars.I recommend this game to anyone looking for an amazing story.UPDATE : This game has now been patched (after 10 years) and is now better than ever!Seriously a must buy at this point."
,Recommended,208580,15966123,"Posted: 23 May, 2015",all,DeathByDecibel,"This is a fantastic game. Obsidian did a great job building on Bioware's franchise. Though the story isn't as good as the original (despite borrowing heavily from it), the gameplay overall feels a little tighter and better. Customization of weapons and armor, the addition of 'influence',  and the ability to craft all make this game feel a bit more personal to individual players and that is much appreciated. Both of the KOTOR games are solid 10s in my opinion and are some of my favorite games I've ever played."
,Recommended,208580,15851866,"Posted: 16 May, 2015",all,Khârn the Betrayer,"Hk-47 is back.Nuff said, game on meatbags.Seriously though, if you like Star Wars then definitely play this. Personally I'd say the story isn't as good as the first KotOR, but the new gameplay changes more than make up for this.-You can upgrade any weapon or armour in the game, unless it says otherwise. Plus you can CRAFT upgrades for them depending on your skills anytime you want at a workbench. The previous game would only let you upgrade certain items, mainly just ""Unique"" items such as ""Mission's Vibroblade"" or ""Zalbaar's Bowcaster"" or whatever, you get what I mean anyway.-Influence your companions.Hell this change alone is awesome! Do you like being the biggest jerk in the universe? Well now you can drag your companions down with you. Do you like to pretend you're Jesus and help every and anyone you possibly can? Well fear not, your companions still make comments to stroke your ego, puny Jedi.There's more but just bloody jump in already."
,Recommended,208580,14701358,"Posted: 28 February, 2015",all,Upfrontwarboyz,"I've only logged a few hours on this game, but I've had quite the adventure on this so far. I've played as an Astromech Droid and repaired the Ebon Hawk, a ship that I had many good memories in the game before this one. I escaped a mining facility in space with the help of a rather odd Protocol Droid with Atton, who I picture as the new Carth Onassi. I met a creepy old woman with pure white, or rolled back eyes. I barely escaped that facility with a cracked and fractured man with a white eye chasing me. I made it to Telos and helped Ithorians fight of the Czerka Corporation (Never liked those guys in the first one either.) and the hired Mercenaries. Now, i'm off to find the Ebon Hawk and get off that godforsaken planet.10/10 so far on the game."
,Recommended,208580,23300161,"Posted: 30 May, 2016",all,ShySage,"First and foremost is the clarification: this is a very long yet well-made game that is absolutely a successor to the first Knights of the Old Republic. I have only done one playthrough and it took me more than 65 hours to complete. It has all of the features of the original game and has added many new ones that seamlessly integrate with this second entry in the series. The story is rich and in-depth and the characters are memorable for the most part but feel a little flatter in this game than they did in the first. It also cleverly uses mechanics so that you can compete missions and fights in a variety of fashions and lots of your choices have very visible effects, but not all of them. Overall, this is a good game.HOWEVER, I played the first KOTOR on my smartphone and I must say I prefer that one easily over this one, though for mostly personal reasons. The story of the first one felt tighter and more polished whereas with this game it feels like they tried to stretch it out for no good reason. I felt plagued by unnecessarily long fights as a result of too many enemies and zones that are large but I couldn't see the reason why they had to be so large. I also am a completionist so I try to do every sidequest possible and so quickly became annoyed with the constant trecking and back-tracking all over every map. There is also the fact that the characters are there but feel flatter and less developed than they did in the first game; they also don't feel like they are crucial part of stroy like they did in the first game. Finally is the fact that this story just doesn't feel as good as the one from the first KOTOR. I felt like it left too many loose ends, the plot twists fell flat, and it just plain left me feeling unsatisfied as compared to the first entry there just isn't a sense of closure.Now, a lot of this has to do with personal taste and so someone else might completely disagree. As for bugginess I didn't encounter any bugs, glitches, etc. during my playthrough.In conclusion: I would recommend the game, but I'm worried you'll feel less satisfied if you've already played the first KOTOR."
76561198171925573,Recommended,208580,23606859,"Posted: 16 June, 2016",all,JIG2000,"NOTE: This review is a redux of my original review.Star Wars: Knights of the Old Republic II: The Sith Lords is made by Obisidian Entertainment and serves as a sequel to Bioware's Star Wars: Knights of the Old Republic. I've played through this game twice. My first playthrough was on the Jedi path and without the Restored Content and M4-78 mods. Honestly, I didn't like it and I wrote a negative review on it. However, after some time had passed, I tried the game again, but I went down the path of a Dark Jedi and had the previously stated mods installed. This review is based on my second playthrough:Pros:+Slightly better graphics than KOTOR I+Story is decent and more clear thanks to the RCM and M4-78 but does have some minor issues.+Details of the environments surpasses KOTOR I+Like the idea of influence and converting your party to be a Jedi or Dark Jedi+Well designed characters, but I felt their backstories weren't as fleshed out as in KOTOR I (however there are some exceptions to this criticism)+Maintained alot of elements that made KOTOR I great (choice / morale system, path of Jedi or Sith, etc)+Mods like the Restored Content Modification and M4-78 fix most of the problems found in the ""Vanilla version"" of the game. (Hats off to the people who developed the mods)Cons:-The turn-based combat (like in my KOTOR I review, this is something I don't like in RPGs in general)-The ending (those of you who've played the game know what I'm talking about)-The influence and Jedi conversion can be VERY tedious as some characters aren't as easy to convert / influence-I was a bit disappointed that the story didn't really relate much to KOTOR I as I thought it would be. The story is connected to KOTOR I by characters from the previous game but kinda are like side characters and refernces to events and other characters from the previous game.Overall, (8/10) Star Wars KOTOR II: The Sith Lords is a solid game but (in my opinion) not as good as the original. However, its still worth a try if your a die hard Star Wars fan or an RPG fan. NOTE: If you want the best version of this game get: 1. The Restored Content Mod, 2. M4-78, 3. Visas HD Re-Skin from the Steam Workshop."
76561197970787617,Recommended,208580,460682,"Posted: 5 February, 2013",all,Silver | Samurai,A must have for all star wars fans or fans of the first game. 10 out of 10 from this player ! :D
,Recommended,208580,8182261,"Posted: 21 December, 2013",all,Radiotype,"After just under 10 years, this game has aged well. It's better, and I say this after much consideration, than any other modern RPG of our time. The combat is still intense, yet fair; the dialogue options make me feel pity for dialogue options in current RPG games; the story is fluent and runs its course correctly, with the only disappointment after the game is completed. Compared to the first game, the beginning is more fleshed out and the decisions are more worth-wile in their consequences, but the end-game story ark is more boring and difficult then need be. Mid-game is a bit tedious with some of its puzzles and combat scenarios, requiring specific squadmates to get the best possible rewards if your aiminig for light-side. For dark-side? Kill everything. Also, you'd might want to download the Restored Content Mod, as it brings up several unanswered questions, scenes, dialogues, and quest that you won't see in the full-game for reasons. And the Mod will help older, and newer, computers/ laptops make the game more playable."
,Recommended,208580,1504874,"Posted: 30 August, 2012",all,JB2448,"This is one of my all-time favorite RPGs solely for its deconstructive approach towards common Star Wars tropes, with the primary vessel of the deconstruction being one of the most well-written characters I've ever encountered in a video game.  Other than that point, it's a solid, if not rushed (because of the publisher, not the developer) game.  Installing the restored content mod is a MUST in order to make it feel like a complete experience:http://deadlystream.com/forum/files/file/197-tsl-restored-content-mod/http://pcgamingwiki.com/wiki/Star_Wars:_Knights_of_the_Old_Republic_II_%E2%80%93_The_Sith_Lords"
76561198016839744,Recommended,208580,8007521,"Posted: 11 December, 2013",all,^1Joey ^2Wheeler,Not as good as the first but still much better then most rpg games
76561198059055572,Recommended,208580,8038743,"Posted: 14 December, 2013",all,Crosis,"While not as good as the first, it is still a compelling story. And it has Jedi. Worth a play.You'll want to play this with the Restored Content Mod. This game was released too early, and it's obvious what was cut and what's broken."
,Recommended,208580,8376520,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,Devil's Lettuce,Best Game so Far
76561198081404258,Recommended,208580,8434652,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,Moogala,Highly recommend! Such an amazing game!
,Recommended,208580,8764543,"Posted: 18 January, 2014",all,The CEO,"What can I say?.. It's good 'ol KOTOR.. Not as polished as the first, but that's what The Sith Lords: Restored Content Mod is for. Download that and you will be set to start on your tale of heriosm or villiany in a broken galaxy far, far away..This game is a fantastic addition to the KOTOR family and sadly the last. It improves upon much of the mechanics of the first KOTOR, adds a great cast of new and some old companions, nice locations to visit, and a great continuation of the storyline we loved.Sadly, you can feel how frenzied they were to get this out the door. In it's unmodded state it is lacking both in a finished story and 2-3 extra planets/missions. It was cast aside when it was released but, years later it has made a triumphant return and finally got the love and attetion it deserved from a great community of players and modders.In summary 7.5/10 in release-state and 9/10 with the restored content mod. So go ahead an pick this up for yourself and make sure to download TSL:RCM."
,Recommended,208580,9024429,"Posted: 8 February, 2014",all,crusheer,"+ impressive story which isn't so black or white as the first KOTOR, backed up by extensive dialogues+ high level cap which can't be achieved by normal playing (opposed to maximum level 20 in the first KOTOR)+ many quests, skills, force powers etc. and many alternative ways which a player can take+ gameplay which takes between 30-50 hours to finish+ Kreia, hands down to one of the best written game characters- even with TSLRCM there are some minor bugs- some NPCs you're travelling with are rather uninteresting, but I guess that's depends on one's tastePlay original KOTOR first if you're thinking of buying this game and haven't played the prequel yet.If you liked the prequel then go for KOTOR 2 with no hesitation. With the TSL Restored Content Mod the game is almost as good as the first KOTOR and makes much more sense than it did at the time of the rushed release.Read this if you're interested in some 'behind the scenes' of KOTOR sequels.http://www.eurogamer.net/articles/2013-07-31-fear-is-the-path-to-the-dark-side"
,Recommended,208580,7759336,"Posted: 25 November, 2013",all,quali,One of the greatest games i have ever played. Played it when i was a kid on the original xbox and it still is fun to play 9 years later
,Recommended,208580,8312771,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,Shabazzle,"Star Wars: KOTOR II TSL is a classic game. The story is good, and picks up some time after the events of the first game. When I first bought this game it had 7 CD's to install so having the digital version is convenient and more reliable too. I initially made the mistake of playing this game first so if you are purchasing this game I recommend that you go and play Star Wars: KOTOR 1 first. Fans of the SWTOR MMO should also play KOTOR 1 first because it deals with Revan and the story is more relevant to the MMO. This game puts you in the shoes of the Jedi Exile and your plot-convenient amnesia as you piece together who you are while regaining the force and making critical decisions. These decisions impact your party which is an improvement over the first game's mechanics but the story isn't as groundbreaking as the first KOTOR game. I always blamed Obsidian for rushing this game, but in reality they were the ones who were prodded along to finish the game and produced a great Star Wars classic that managed to fill the shoes of the original game. It's worth the money and time to play this game if you're a Star Wars fan, and an RPG fan. The combat is fun and the story is good. Replay value is high."
76561198024050562,Recommended,208580,11400557,"Posted: 25 July, 2014",all,Spyder,"(PROTIP: If you plan to buy KOTOR 2 for PC, you should, beyond a reasonable doubt, download and install the Restored Content mod. Since Obsidian rushed KOTOR 2's release for the holiday season, they had to cut out parts of this game, most of which were pretty integral to the plot.)Synopsis: You, the player, are The Exile (canonically a woman named Meetra Surik). Like many of your fellow Jedi, you followed Revan to help the Republic during the Mandalorian Wars. Revan, who was impressed with your combat prowess, decided to appoint you as one of his top generals.The final battle of the Mandalorian Wars took place near the Sith planet of Malachor V. Since the rest of the Republic's fleet could make it to the battle in time, you decide to utilize the Republic's ultimate weapon: The Mass Shadow Generator, designed by the Zabrak technician Bao-Dur. The Mass Shadow Generator activates, pulling the planet, the Mandalorian armada and the Republic fleet into a gravity field. The death of the planet and all parties involved was so great that it gave you a Wound in The Force, severing and deafening your connection to The Force.However, unlike the rest of your Jedi colleagues, you were the only one who did not fall to the Dark Side. When the war was over, you decided to return to the Jedi Council on Coruscant to face judgement. The Council, both butt furious over your insubordination and incredulous at your voluntary return unanimously chose to banhammer you from The Order. You were then exiled to wander the outer reaches of the Galaxy. Oh, and they took your lightsaber as well.-Fast forward five years later. The war with Darth Malak and the Sith was so costly the Republic can barely defend itself. Strange, phantom-like Sith assassins have dogged the Jedi, hunting them down in an effort to completely destroy the Jedi Order. The crime syndicate known as ""The Exchange"" has put out a bounty for any live Jedi. Strange, durasteel droids have integrated themselves into the Republic government.Meanwhile, the Republic attempts to rebuild Telos IV, a planet bombarded to near destruction by the Sith Admiral Saul Karath. An unknown figure contacts Republic Admiral Carth Onasi, requesting that you be brought from the Outer Rim to act as a diplomat to Telos. Who made the request, and why, are a mystery to you, but other external forces have plans for you..."
76561198086739889,Recommended,208580,11461152,"Posted: 29 July, 2014",all,Shader112,You should play this game because it's fun................................................................................................................................................................................................ and it's good
,Recommended,208580,10057154,"Posted: 8 May, 2014",all,JSO,"The KOTOR games have to be classed as two of the best RPG's ever made. Though the second game doesn't do much differently compared to the first, the story is fantastic and is well worth spending some time and money on (especially with the Restored Content mod). If only Bioware (and Obsidian..) still made games like this! Fingers crossed for a third installment someday.."
,Recommended,208580,10888920,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,HYDROOOOO THUNDERRRRRR,"This and KOTOR I changed my childhood. If you haven't played this series you are seriously missing out, this is as good as it gets."
,Recommended,208580,12103803,"Posted: 14 September, 2014",all,Magic,Not sure where to start with this i'm just gonna compare it to the first KOTOR i wouldn't say this one is better i liked the first as it had some very memorable characters and what not it was also easy to know where i was ment to go and i didn't even have to use a guide or anything. This one though was alright however i got lost most of time and lost interest after a while when i get it though i came back to it about 3 months laterThere are however two things that really bothered me about this game the first being sometimes you get no audio if you were to tab out so you have to reload your save to get audio this made me miss some dialogue the second which i guess is a spoiler so don't read it if you're going to play the first KOTOR or this one though for this one you are told at the start so not sure if it really is a major spoilerDON'T READ IF YOU HAVE YET TO PLAY THE FIRST KOTORI hate how this one you just start as a jedi right off the bat which i dislike the first one had it right where you can become a jedi later on and you are trained to become a jedi it's better when you train to become a powerful jedi and use the force and lightsabers instead of this one where you are already a jedi and don't need any training to become one the only thing that they didn't do was give you a lightsaber at the start you just had to build it which was more annoying then satisfyingIn conclusion if you loved the first KOTOR then i'd recommend getting this game though don't expect it to live up to the first one and if you haven't played the first one then i'd suggest getting the first one before playing this one7/10 it was alright
76561198129828772,Recommended,208580,12751500,"Posted: 2 November, 2014",all,5.7Jeepsta,"Not as good as the first, story-wise IMO, but the second installment definetly improved on the combat system, A.I., force powers, & +/- influence with the dark and light side. Some glitches here and there, but nothing too minor."
,Recommended,208580,13870158,"Posted: 6 January, 2015",all,amshegarh,"So good, so short, too bad we dont have kotor 3"
76561198069516293,Recommended,208580,17404625,"Posted: 5 August, 2015",all,jello1990,A good game made fantastic with the restored content mod.
,Recommended,208580,17381931,"Posted: 4 August, 2015",all,Pinchy,I have bought this game three times in my life. Enough said?
76561197994926259,Recommended,208580,17439437,"Posted: 7 August, 2015",all,Gatchaman97,"The devs at Obsidian Entertainment have always been exceptional storytellers. Despite this game being 10 years old, KOTOR 2 has memorable NPC's, an epic yet personal story, and great characterization and atmosphere. The main complaint (rightly deserved) that people had with this game was that it was originally released in a buggy, obviously rushed state. But that was several years ago. Today with The Sith Lords Restored Content Mod (TSLRCM) available on the Steam Workshop, we can experience KOTOR 2 as it was meant to be played. It's amazing.Here are some of the things that TSLRCM does:1) It fixes 99% of the bugs that Obsidian never got around to fixing. This allows Obsidian's excellent story to really shine.2) Cut content from quests and cutscenes have been restored. This enriches the story and makes the characters' motivations *much* clearer.3) HD Widescreen resolution support. You will have to seek out other mods to get higher resolution textures, though."
76561198065398564,Recommended,208580,17265243,"Posted: 28 July, 2015",all,Key Fu,This game is a classic. Star Wars done right. If you have not then you must play this game. Stop asking questions buy it. Also the new update... man it brings me to tears of joy!
,Recommended,208580,31440426,Posted: 29 April,all,Thalex,MORE THAN TEN YEARS ON THIS♥♥♥♥♥♥AND I STILL LOVE ITMMMMMMOH YEAHME LIKEY A LOT
76561198210227515,Recommended,208580,17396052,"Posted: 5 August, 2015",all,lancer_lover,Oh wow let the nostalgia flow through  you recently I have returned to this masterpiece and I can say that the fun and challenge is still there. I have missed this game
76561198074671324,Recommended,208580,17390878,"Posted: 4 August, 2015",all,King Arthur,"A++ Game. Nothing else needed to be said. Fun gameplay, great storyline and great all around"
76561198267995060,Recommended,208580,24214143,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,Struggler,fun !!!
76561198090345492,Recommended,208580,9350102,"Posted: 5 March, 2014",all,w0517101,"Obviously, after playing much more than my steam registered 162 hours as of writing this post (planning on having many more) i have concluded this to be one of my favorite games of all time (no doubt in star wars universe). it has a darker and lonely feel to it and although i do see many people's point on which ways the predecessor was more developed, i still feel as if (of course when using the restored content mod making it a complete game) it stands next to the best RPG's of its time easily and ahs definetely left a mark in their history as a genre."
76561198025472110,Recommended,208580,9782323,"Posted: 10 April, 2014",all,pubicmurphy,worst ending ever what is thisfanfiction.com?did the writer have to go to get dinner and forgot about the game10/10 tho
76561198023390187,Recommended,208580,10338055,"Posted: 3 June, 2014",all,Slaughcois,"A good game, and great fun to mess around in.  The story is a huge improvement over the already impressive Knights of the Old Republic, and almost everything else feels like a decent upgrade.    If you're looking for a game like KOTOR, but have played KOTOR till it's become a bit boring, this is what you want.A brief note: I did use the fan mod, I don't know how much of an effect that had but it was highly reccomended.  The game has aged quite a bit graphically.  It's also probably *not* worth a second playthrough: my playtime notwithstanding (I suspect a lot of it is while the game was running but I was doing something else), most of your enjoyment of the story will be in its twists and turns.  Choosing radically different dialogue options will affect your character build and force powers, but it probably won't make playing the same thing again much more interesting."
76561198090197335,Recommended,208580,11342012,"Posted: 20 July, 2014",all,Splenda Man MIA,Become the ultimate jerk-- 10/10
76561198117238637,Recommended,208580,10168201,"Posted: 19 May, 2014",all,Kalashnikovjob,Simply put.....This game changed my childhood and made it better. buy the game now.
76561198085561845,Recommended,208580,32669404,Posted: 23 June,all,Frostbite The AngelWolf,dont let my time on here fool you ive but hundred upon hundreds of hours into this game it is fantastic
76561198066176957,Recommended,208580,31188645,Posted: 16 April,all,□□□□,"""Better than Star Wars Episode 3.."""
,Recommended,208580,31326564,Posted: 23 April,all,sydney,it's pretty ok
76561198009314023,Recommended,208580,25297618,"Posted: 1 September, 2016",all,CHRONIC_THEORY,"Not as good as the first, but still really fun. I picked this game up for under $5.00."
76561198362804873,Recommended,208580,31575486,Posted: 6 May,all,AnbuLightning,"Star wars knights of the old republic, is an amazing game, it has an intriguing and morally gray story. For example when you help somone , there is always a concequence. One of the main themes of the game is existentialisim which is the belife that people only get stronger through there own experiances and they are weakend when sombody else fights their battles for them, this belife only strengths the morally gray tone. The game isnt as black or white like the first one. I prefer kotor 2 to kotor 1 as I belive it has a better story, however I belive that the ending to be much worse then kotor 1. The issues I had encounterd were few but annoying nonetheless. One issue was when a cinematic cutscene would happen my game would quit, however all i needed to do was click back on the game and it would take me back to the cutscene and everything was fine. The second issue was when dialog would skip automaticaly and take me straight to the optons of what I want my charecter to say, but this only happend after i had installed workshop mods. I belive that Kotor 2 has great companions however it does have some bad ones as well because they are not as fleshed out as the others, however this is to be expected with the large cast of charecters. This is in contrast to kotor1 which I belive that every companion is great. The sound is amazing however i also belive that kotor 1 has a better soundtrack. For example Kotor 1 Dantooine's  music is amazing. Lasty I belive that some of the main charceters are not fleshed out enough. In conclusion Kotor 2 is an amazing game and i recommend that you buy. If you like the game i would hope that you would help us kotor fans to convince Disney to realease Kotor 3 , one way of doing this is to convice your friends to buy this game and hopefully Disney will see that there is a demand in Kotor3."
76561198056410041,Recommended,208580,34264651,Posted: 15 August,all,Cod y | Sugar Daddy,Like the first one. But doesn't work without mods
76561198004287910,Recommended,208580,27118680,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Fushboire,Depressing.
,Recommended,208580,17347138,"Posted: 2 August, 2015",all,Proxy,"And as if it wasn't good enough it got a fantastic update 10 years later YES -  it fits my screen, achievements, controller support, steam workshop support and by the way this game is brilliant for anyone fan of Star Wars or not 9/10 (Not IGN)"
,Recommended,208580,29238821,Posted: 13 January,all,♥💋☃MoonMoon☃💋♥,"KOTOR is the best of the best in the Star Wars franchise, and certainly better than the movies."
,Recommended,208580,17324700,"Posted: 31 July, 2015",all,Mr Happy Fridge,"Excellent game for any STAR WARS fan, helps if you play KOTOR 1 but more mystery is added to the game if you play without playing KOTOR"
,Recommended,208580,13523184,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,77th | Rec | Caesarmeister,"I'm writing a review for this game because I wrote one for the first in the series. This game is the sequel to the amazing KOTOR I. The graphical improvement makes the game even better and the storyline is still amazing as it was in the first one. These games are a work of genius and deserve all the praise they can get, the sequel to this one is Star wars the Old Republic which is the online game which is nothing, in my opinion too these two games.The descision making, the companion system and the combat system all work so well together as you delve into the Starwars universe. Every quest was exhillerating and this is probably the best RPG game I have ever played along side its other KOTOR I which was also just amazing. Buy this game, love this game."
,Recommended,208580,23680980,"Posted: 20 June, 2016",all,Sassy Beard,"I love this game.but.It's absolutely full of bugs, it crashes constantly. so be aware."
,Recommended,208580,24502319,"Posted: 24 July, 2016",all,Saxton,it's like a bioware game with good writing
76561198365975288,Recommended,208580,31106606,Posted: 12 April,all,Aaron,"Love love love loooove this game! In my opinion despite the glitches and rushed ending (which is just poor) it is still far superior to the first game which I really like as well.It combines two of my favourite things, Star Wars and an RPG game. You are a castaway Jedi who basically get's hunted down by the evil sith. Through the guidence of the mysterious Kreia, you will develop and hone your jedi skills and slowly (or fast depending on how dead set you are) to the light side or dark side! These are developed based on the good or bad choices you make during the game. I have to say I usually choose the dark side as it is more fun, but the lightside has it's upsides. There are also differences in the story based on whether you choose to play it through as a female or male. Your choices will influence your party members, and can lead to more indepth chats with your companions revealing deep and sometimes dark pasts! They usually mimic your patrh as well, so the more evil you are the more evil they get.I would rate this game 9/10...the rushed ending and glitches being the obvious down fall. But it is not nearly enough for me to diss this game...LOVE IT! :)"
,Recommended,208580,3211108,"Posted: 23 November, 2012",all,Hairbautt,"Bioware passes the torch to Obsidian Entertainment where Star Wars: Knights of the Old Republic II - The Sith Lords is born (TSL). During the initial release, Obsidian faced criticism over the game's abrupt ending which was later blamed on LucasArts's unwavering timeline for a holiday release. Fortunately for fans--from fans!--there is an essential modification to download to restore most of the cut content named, The Sith Lords Restored Content Mod (TSLRCM). The game itself features a much darker atmosphere and expands on everything that made the original game great so this sequel is a must for fans."
,Recommended,208580,29679547,Posted: 3 February,all,Dicknose,This game is a masterpiece.
,Recommended,208580,7964562,"Posted: 7 December, 2013",all,kAi,IT WAS AMAZING and I would recommend KOTOR I & II to anyone who wants a fantastic RPG who might not even be into the Star Wars universe (but it would certainly help!) Brought me back to wonderful times of playing KOTOR in grade school and thinking it was the greatest game ever made.Just a summation of my emotions while playing this game. Flippin' fantastic.(taken straight from my tumblr so sorry for the informalities)
76561198070414191,Recommended,208580,8326507,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,JMShiggs,"hi, i'm Nappa"
76561198103043305,Recommended,208580,8885406,"Posted: 27 January, 2014",all,robert_matthews,"i like the game, but steam needs to make changes in the files to make it compatable so i can play it."
,Recommended,208580,8075310,"Posted: 16 December, 2013",all,Admiral Hackett,This game gives me more opportunities to spread misery througout the galaxy. I approve.
,Recommended,208580,486927,"Posted: 22 December, 2012",all,SenisterDenister,"Star Wars: Knights of the Old Republic was a good roleplaying game developed by Bioware. KOTOR 2, the sequel, was developed by Obsidian. The core differences here is that Obsidian still legitimately cares about making a good stat based RPG and not a shooter with romance options. I think I'm projecting modern Bioware shortcomings here but KOTOR 2 took everything that was wrong with the original and tried very hard to fix it. The game is by no means perfect, and you WILL need to download one of the Restoration Project mods to fix bugs and add content that was cut but as a role-playing game KOTOR 2 is still absolutely great.Your choices matter, the whole game is seeing how the consequences of your choices play out. This whole game is about choice. The characters are excellent, the writing is everything you would expect of an Obsidian title. The game almost starts out as a satire of Bioware cliches but quickly becomes its own animal, allowing you to explore a deeper aspect of the morality of the Star Wars universe that a lot of games never do.While this game certainly is not perfect, I find it better than the original in nearly every way. That said, I do recommend playing the original before you ever get started on this, the original game is still a good title and deserves the respect its earned. There are better RPG's out there, but you won't find a lot of them on Steam yet. For what it is this game is great and I love playing it.8/10 would play again."
,Recommended,208580,8012347,"Posted: 11 December, 2013",all,Xenomorphica,Even better than the original overall I'd say. Just a real pity they never let 3 go ahead and wrap up one of the few surprisingly good storylines in the Star Wars universe and instead chose to butcher it.
,Recommended,208580,9014317,"Posted: 7 February, 2014",all,Purgatory Lord Huey,"By far one of the best StarWars games I have ever played. The storyline is great, The combat system isnt the best but its enjoyable to me, It's just overall and amazing game. I'd recommend playing the first game before this one. (obviously?)"
76561198038748786,Recommended,208580,9857446,"Posted: 17 April, 2014",all,makeupwordyness,"At the relatively young age of 25 I find this game makes me feel like a wrinkled old senile. I can't tell you how many times I played this game on that old black box with the giant X on it. I fell in love with the first game and was a little dissapointed with the initial release of the sequel. Something felt unfinished and I could never explain it until I read it was basically rushed out a year after the first one to get it out in time for Christmas. Pieces of the game were cut and unfinished just to cash in on Santa Clause. Even with its faults it was an extremely enjoyable game when it was released.I tried every build I could think of, saved before conversations to see every possible story ark, and completed the game as light, dark, and neutral. During the playing of both games in the series I must have filled up the old xbox hard drive several times a runthrough. It was just that good and the possiblities of the storylines seemed endless.Fast forward to today and some beutiful people from the internet have created a patch that finishes the missing content of the game, and a second patch that adds in a planet that from what I understand had some minor pieces of data lodged somewhere in the game but is mostly filled in with the patch team's own storyline. I have to say I can't tell so far what is from the patch I installed and what is the original game, but it feels damn good to play through this story again. And I'm looking forward to seeing the finished content.This game was a strong piece of the last years of my childhood and I can't tell you how much it means to me. While it is true the sequel to Bioware's KOTOR is made by Obsidian it feels very much like a Bioware game of its period.The game uses a modified version of the original Bioware engine and it is well documented that the two companies had done work together during this period. Maybe it's something to do with EA buying out Bioware, but it feels like Bioware is not the same company it used to be. Replaying KOTOR 1&2 and playing Jade Empire for the first time I can see some huge differences between what Bioware once was and the Bioware of today with its ME trilogy, DA series, and SWTOR. While the new Bioware games are very good in their own right I feel like the company has lost a little bit of something wonderful in its current lineup. Other than the Mass Effect trilogy I don't feel like I have the interest to finish games such as DA or SWTOR (Not that one can really ever finish an MMO); not to say that I don't like the newer work from the company I would just prefer they focus on a true sequel to KOTOR over milking the Dragon Age series for everything they can get.If you have any interest in Bioware's current lineup do yourself a favor and give the Knights of the Old Republic series a chance. The series is definitely showing its age but it's still just as well made as anything from the magic Canadian elves who work at Bioware."
,Recommended,208580,730201,"Posted: 27 November, 2012",all,Riley,"One of the best RPGs of the last decade! Get ""The Sith Lords Restored Content"" mod alongside this game to add back various content that the developers weren't able to put in due to time constraints."
76561198086593167,Recommended,208580,11596664,"Posted: 7 August, 2014",all,Horry Puttor,One of my favorite games of all time. Old graphics but so much fun
76561198025233806,Recommended,208580,10271725,"Posted: 28 May, 2014",all,Osama_Bin_Layin_Your_Mom,"Any Star Wars fan worth their salt must play this game.  The Knights of the Old Republic series of games are the penultimate of Star Wars gaming nirvana.  Sure, there are other good Star Wars games to be played, but none of them will allow you the pure visceral experience of ""being"" a character in the Star Wars universe quite like this.  Flying between planets, fixing droids, shooting blasters, learning to use the force, earning your very own lightsaber, and mingling with the locals in cantinas.  Of course, it's an RPG.  Not everyone likes RPGs.  Those people are morons and we should feel sorry for them.The Sith Lords picks up five years after the end of the last game.  The Mandalore wars are over, the Jedi are all but extinct, the Republic is on verge of collapse, and the Sith wait in the outer rim of the galaxy like a lion in the grass.  You play the role of an exile.  You were once a Jedi, but you have been cut off from the force and cast out of the Jedi order for disobeying them and following Revan and Malak to war.I could say that The Sith Lords is a better game than it's predecessor, which is true, but it wouldn't be completely fair to the first game which laid the essential groundwork.  What makes it better?  First, and foremost:  the story.  The story is top-notch.  I had come across some spoilers, I thought I had it figured out, and the game still pulled the rug out from under me with it's plot.  Then there is the moral ambiguity.  The first game let your choices in conversations with people affect your drifting to the Light side of the force or the Dark side of the force, and the conversation options for each were fairly obvious.  The Sith Lords is more complex in it's dialogues in that regard, and it adds Influence to the fold.  How you interact with your party members affects how they respond to you.  So, disagreeing with a party member might lose you influence with them.  Losing influence means they aren't going to divulge everything they know.  So, appeasing certain party members may create a moral dilemna and how you deal with it may affect both influence and whether you go Light side or Dark side.  Other factors affect it too.  Who doesn't remember the cave on Dagoba in The Empire Strikes Back?  Yoda warns Luke about the cave, but he dismisses him and♥♥♥♥♥♥happens that leaves everyone scratching their head asking: ""what the hell just happend?"".  Well, you get your very own cave of Force phantoms and the choices you make there also affect your Light and Dark side standing with the Force.  Better still, they make sense this time.Of course, the game builds on the sequel with more items, more powers, more aliens, more...  stuff.  It also pays great homage to the original.  You don't have to play the first game to thoroughly enjoy this one though.  The game goes to great lengths to explain what happened in the previous game.  Not only that, it allows you a chance (through dialogue) to decide what happened in the history of the previous game.  This affects how The Sith Lords unfolds it's story.  A bunch of the characters from the previous game make appearances, some only cameos, and it gives you a sense of what happened to the peripheral characters of the first game.The game isn't all about you though, you narcissist.  The game will often switch to another party member for you control in their solo outings.  It's a nice change of pace to step into another character who has different specializations and motivations and such.  I thought it was brilliant and reminded me of the movies whenever characters split up and went on their own missions.I could go on...  but bottom line is this is a gem of a game.  And it only gets better with this very special mod that restores cut content to the game:http://www.moddb.com/mods/the-sith-lords-restored-content-mod-tslrcmThis mod fixes bugs, tightens up dialog and finishes/restores content that was cut in order for the game to meet it's publication deadline.  There is another mod that adds a droid planet that was planned for the game, but don't bother.  It's reputedly bad.Anyway, Padawan, you need to purchase this game and fulfill your destiny!  ...or something."
,Recommended,208580,10329405,"Posted: 2 June, 2014",all,mrgraysonowens,"Runs good enough, Downloaded for nostalgia and was not disappointed."
76561198060690032,Recommended,208580,17164275,"Posted: 21 July, 2015",all,xXxSm0K3W33dALLD4YxXx,"The portTo catch up to the times and when this review was written, it's about the rerelease of Star Wars Knights of the Old Republic II - The Sith Lords, which was meant to, as previously said, catch up with the times. However it does feel awfully detached from the original Xbox version of the game, of which this rerelease seemed to have been aimed to recreate.First off and foremost, the native widescreen resolution is, simply said, very nice. Being able to launch the game straight from Big Picture Mode with a controller while kicking your feet upon the coffee table and relaxing on the couch staring at your TV is somewhat reminiscent of what it was like to play it on console many years ago. However, with it being ""native"", there was a very largelack of effortonAspyre'sside of things, as it was simply just the widescreen modification that users could have done themselves on the older release of this game. What that entails is that the text on screen, on a TV, is relatively difficult to read without squinting your eyes until they turn red. Needless to say, they just added something that many have been able to do through WSGF for some time now.Secondly, the controller support. Pardon my barbaric comment on this specific topic, but WHO DESIGNED IT. Absolute RUBBISH. I still haven't figured out what the triggers are supposed to do, they added a mini pop up window. A POP UP WINDOW. With functions that were previously mapped to dedicated buttons in the original version of the game on the original Xbox. Furthermore, they excited everyone with the additional controller support, however, it seemed to have been a last minute after thought by those who were porting it. They had the tools to make it original, yet they still screwed it up.Thirdly, the action bar will always, I say again, ALWAYS, appear on your character's head. Unlike the original that we have come to know and love, they butchered this unique, simple and useful feature by, I don't know... Attempting to ""generalize"" it for all scenarios? Whatever the reason is, they butchered it. It gets in your view during combat or when you simply want to see what you are hitting.Quadruply, they did not add a virtual keyboard into the game. I know many games don't have this capability, but guess what... It's 2015. People don't want to deal with the hassle of using a physical keyboard to type their name or save game title in if they are using a controller. They proved that controller support, once again, was an after thought.I'm giving this port a 0/5However, the game is receiving a 5/5, simply because it's KOTOR.For any of those who don't want to deal with subpar garbage and wouldn't mind doing some simple set ups to get your BPM setup up and running with a controller and KOTOR widescreen that feels like the original, feel free to search for my controller support on YouTube by searching the following: SW:KOTOR [GAMEPAD UPDATE] [Dualshock 4 Support!]I proved that I could make a controller profile, for free, that had nearly 90% replication using digital red neck methods of creating my own controller support. In fact, I took the two seconds out of my life to grab the KOTOR 2 manual and replicate the controls of each button and add them into a functional control scheme. The amount of downloads that my controller schemes have acquired and the views my videos have earned merely prove the requirement of PROPER controller support in such games, especially games that were released approximately 10 years ago."
,Recommended,208580,17164483,"Posted: 21 July, 2015",all,ProfessorKaos64,"Platform: SteamOS (Linux)First look:Just started it up to adjust the graphics all the way up and see how the controls feel for a gamepad. Not bad Aspyr!!! The X axis speed may need some adjusting for me, but not bad at all. I'm sure I'll find the gamepad mapping somewhere here on the store page or discussions board. Love the updates to the game, Can't wait to play this after I finish Axiom Verge"
,Recommended,208580,14523454,"Posted: 17 February, 2015",all,kingkoopa,it has a great story line good action and the controlls are easy to use
76561198153696153,Recommended,208580,12388705,"Posted: 6 October, 2014",all,Mesh,"This game was one of the best memories I had in my childhood, it's 2014 and it's still the best game. :)"
,Recommended,208580,10939480,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,Jarl Arindale (Neal),"Warning! -  Those who are easily creeped out by caves and corpes and etc, STAY AWAY!But, this game is quite good. It has decent graphics for when it came out,  it has an extremely intriguing storyline,  and I'm caught up in it!  I completely reccomend thisto everyone, unless the warning applies to you."
76561198030305825,Recommended,208580,17063346,"Posted: 15 July, 2015",all,Anderson,"As a legendthis game promises the dream of a titanic stuggle, an endless journey in the Galaxy.The surprise comes however when we discover how deep some concepts are taken. The Force is more present then ever.I have to say that I played with the Restored Content Mod through my playthrough and it can be downloaded here:http://www.moddb.com/mods/the-sith-lords-restored-content-mod-tslrcmDespite the fixes the game crashed a couple of times, there were occasional glitches and bugs. Was it worth it?https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MJuZ3hZjxdIKnights of the Old Republic is often reffered to as simply KOTOR.This is an often overlooked game because even after fixes it's still rather unstable and unpredictable. The possibility to see the world after KOTOR 1 though pays off in it's own way!Everything remained almost the same since the last game. The Bioware style of doing things persists and shows a deep understanding of RPG game mechanics. It is a solid experience in combat and common storytelling alike.It's not by Bioware anymore...The unique traits of an Obsidian title though show after getting more companions and interacting with them. Similar to Mass Effect, Dragon Age.You posses influence over them, she politely refuses to share life stories until there is more trust between you (gained usually by expressing views similar to theirs). As you go along though, these stories are revealead simply through spending time together and showing what a charismatic individual you are.The story told is worth of an entire essay on it's own.By getting to the bottom of it - the proportions of it seem to always lead toward a gigantic revelation, one step ahead of a mystery, great conspiracy - respectively a fitting end.Without spoiling anything I will say that I never expected Star Wars to go so deeply into the philosophy of the Force. Good and evil are simple. There are characters in this game however that twist it into a novel thing altogether.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XKYVuMhxfMA&indexMy feelings on the game are mixed. It definately feels rushed towards the end. The restored levels don't seem to be worth it from the mods. But despite that the journey is as they say, reward enough for that.Should you get it?Play it for the great and cryptic introduction. Assuming that with imagination you can get past the long prologue.Enjoy it's detailed worlds, tours across a couple of planets, guides into ways to shape the Republic.Reminisce on KOTOR 1 across 2 planets and with a couple of characters.From the beggining of KOTOR 2 there is a tone of urgency of some unseen threat. I had the impression the game ended at a cliffhanger that, hopefully was not the original intention.Despite that, the characters introduced were strong enough for this to be a game worth your money. It is an RPG shifting much closer towards the character and story driven decision-making seen often today.Play KOTOR 1 and 2 for the full experience!"
,Recommended,208580,5326792,"Posted: 18 January, 2013",all,Wazoo,Hot damn!
76561198083411177,Recommended,208580,11869362,"Posted: 25 August, 2014",all,The Holy Ramen Emperor,THIS IS THE 2ND GREATEST GAME EVER.
,Recommended,208580,8614761,"Posted: 7 January, 2014",all,BigBlueBosh'tet,"This game genuinely suprised me. I was deeply in love with the first game, but I never  could get into this game because of all it's bugs and glitches.. until now. I HIGHLY recommend playing the game with The Sith Lords: Restored Content Mod, because it adds so, SO much more content to the game that should of made it to the final cut.The characters, oh my god, the characters.. Intriguiging backgrounds, wonderful dialog. The places.. To see places previously seen, previously unknown, remastered and in some cases, made, is just.. wonderful. The main story is amazing, IMO, even though others seem to disagree. The choices truly make you feel like you are doing a good thing or a bad thing, and the music adds to that. The music also makes the game much better, with atmosphere and such. The beauty in KOTOR games is that you can play through them twice, Good and Bad. Even then, you still miss a heap of content without realizing. I haven't even mentioned the characters that you have seen in the past play a fairly huge chunk of the story, which is amazing.I used to be of the opinion that this game was horrible compared the the first one, but that is because I encountered countless game breaking bugs, because I was playing without the previously mentioned mod. Now, I am of the opinion that this game is almost as good as the original. The only things that make the original better are: 1. It's Revan's Storyline, for peats sake! 2. More polished 3. It's the original!All in all, this was a wonderful sequel, amazing Star Wars game, and you should have it in your library, like, RIGHT now.Get this game or Nilhius will anhiliate Earth. :)"
,Recommended,208580,17481382,"Posted: 10 August, 2015",all,Zorua,"SW:KOTOR 2 is an RPG game Developed by Obsidian Entertainment. The game takes place  a few years after the events of KOTOR 1 after Revan defeated Malak and saved the galaxy. But now after departed deep into the outer rim of the galaxy, a bunch of Sith Lords, have appeared and have almost completly destoryed the Jedi order and the remaining Jedi Masters are into hiding. You play as a male or female Jedi Exile which you learn later into the game about why you were exiled from the Jedi Order. After escaping a Mine Fuel facuilty (Either by blowing it up and evading a sith ship) you head to a orbiting facilty above a planet called Telos. After being imprisoned and captured by them you find out the ship you traveled in, the Ebon Hawk has been stolen. After helping a light or dark side corporation and meeting a soldier that knows your character, you travel to many places into the planet until you get your ship back after finding out a Jedi Master lives in a acdemy in a polar region of the planet. After a companion gets the data base at the academy you find out why, your charcter was exiled and leaves you between two roads: Do you gather up the rest of the Masters to help you fight the sith, or do you join the sith and hunt down and kill the Jedi Masters?The companions you meet are all cool and deep. They all have secrets behind them which you have to get them to trust you to find out. Some of them you may not enjoy (like a stupid robot that is a jerk), but alot of them are fun to talk too, a few of them were in KOTOR 1 that make a return like T3-M4 and HK-47.One of the highlights of this game is the Light and Dark side paths. Through multiple parts of the game you sometimes given a choice such as kill an innocent by raiding his house then kill him as he returns (Dark Side) or saving someone from mercneary thugs (Light Side).The gameplay is a turn base or real time action (Can be chosen through menu) game. The game has powers that are ran by a 1d20 system. I'm stupid so I don't know much about the system but if you know stuff from Dungeons & Dragons you might understand it. The level cap is to belive is 30 but that doesnt mean its easy and should be taken lightly. Like how Fallout 3 and NV take a while so does this. This also means you want to spend Attributes when making a character very carefully as messing up might make it harder to clear the game. For example: putting alot of points into Constitution and Intelligence might give alot of VP and skill points to use, but at the cost of FP (force points) which might make it harder for you to use force powers.OVerall KOTOR 2 is a fun game, with it just getting workshop, people can get the restored content mod and get the true and perhaps best parts of the game. Problem is sometimes that game can be difficult with what planets you decide to visit and there are some annoying puzzles. I find the 10$ to be worth it but if you would like try to get it during a sale...This game gets a 9/10 - A fun and amazing game but with some minors problems."
76561198035676677,Recommended,208580,17246571,"Posted: 26 July, 2015",all,thetorturedbodysoul,"Even after all these years, still a great game, despite the still present glitches and bugs.  The recent update adding large screen resolution options, ability to turn off force speed effects, and adding Steam achievements has only made a great game even better.  Have always loved the Star Wars games, would love to see a KOTOR 3."
,Recommended,208580,15481040,"Posted: 21 April, 2015",all,Stapanovitch,"A really amazing game, OBSIDIAN did a very good job at it but I really recommend you to use theRestored content modin order to avoid the several annoyances in game as the game was a bit rushed and they deleted some of the content they wanted to put in.All the characters are amazingly done, the story and the various quests are beautiful, there's only the intro which is wayyy too long especially after the first playthrough but fortunately there are mods to avoid it now.It's often really cheap when on sale, get it, you won't regret it !"
76561198116709247,Recommended,208580,14615606,"Posted: 23 February, 2015",all,yjzep,"Download The Sith Lords Restored Content Mod (TSLRCM) and the M4-78EP Mod.  This adds a bunch of cut content back, including an entire planet worth of quests.  With the patches, the game is much more complete than the chopped up version Lucasarts released back in Dec 04.  They pushed an xmas release and robbed us of this great game at it's potential.  Obsidian wanted to push a patch, but Lucasarts nixed that idea.Despite any flaws from it's release, this is still an Obsidian game meets Star Wars.  The insane layered, subtle, nuanced writing of that team shines.  High Light Side alignment, quintessential Jedi, but still my choices make me..uncomfortable.  Is there even good and bad, or is it all based on perspective?  The influence meter was revolutionary back in 2004, and still used in Bioware games today.  Lots of uncomfortable dialogue choices that leave you wondering whether you truly made the correct decision or not.  I can't say enough about these guy's games...(Obsidian, and formerly Black Isle..)"
76561198055440933,Recommended,208580,8001838,"Posted: 10 December, 2013",all,Mr Bond,"Truly could've been one of the best star wars games ever made if it hadn't been rushed. That said, I still say it's really worth playing. Massive props to the people who wrote and acted for the character Kreia, she stole the show with her superb dialog amplified by fantastic voice acting. She truly is one of my favorite star wars characters in the EU. Back when this first released I could understand peoples frustration due to the games climax, spending 50 dollars just to have the game stop when it wasn't over would've been extremely disappointing, though now that the game is only 10 dollars I would say it would be a complete mistake to miss out on this if you're a true star wars fan."
76561198074482718,Recommended,208580,13050385,"Posted: 22 November, 2014",all,XenonBlu,"Great game in general and in sequel to one of my favorite games.  And while it shares many similarities it does a lot to set itself apart from its predecessor.Although this game was initially rushed to release and suffers on account of it, most of these quirks were covered up by a restoration mod that I used.  Things like fixing low resolution cut scenes, glitches, and adding back in a whole level among many others this mod is an absolute MUST.  One quirk that couldn’t be fixed by this though was the ending being a bit lackluster.  While it can only be assumed whether the ending was effected by this I can definitely tell the ending felt had less interesting decisions compared to the rest of the game.If you have played the first Knights of the Old Republic, the game play is generally the same but really stands out with great dialog and deep characters as opposed to the original.  I feel like there was a bit more exploration present in the first Knight of the Old Republic as far as the world and environments, but even with a rushed release I feel that most of the components of 2 are on par with 1.Where KOTOR 2 really shines though, is the sheer amount of amazing dialogue and dialogue choices with the many deep characters in this game.  It’s honestly mind blowing how connected you feel to the characters and how deep they are for a video game; one of the few games I’ve played personally that did so.  There are many dialogue choices and consequences that may block communication with others so you have to choose wisely and it’s not just a game about choosing every dialogue choice to get the most exposition.Like the KOTOR 1 this game also features a sort of karma system so that your actions in game affect your whether you are light side or dark side.  Decisions like this aren’t strictly for role-play however and will affect how well you can use either light or dark side force powers.  As opposed to the first game however, KOTOR 2 provides you with really interesting decisions to really bring out your character.  This game focuses on the grey areas of morality, like the negative effects of blindly doing good and the positive effects of the dark side as well.The deep dialogue, story decisions and consequences make this an amazing game for those looking for a deep role-playing experience and I would recommend this to anyone more into the role-playing aspect of RPG games.  Absolute beauty of a game.Restoration mod mentioned earlier in the review:http://www.moddb.com/mods/the-sith-lords-restored-content-mod-tslrcm"
,Recommended,208580,8613620,"Posted: 7 January, 2014",all,NinjaGinja,Such a fun game that may have been rushed but still succeded.
,Recommended,208580,8259199,"Posted: 24 December, 2013",all,Commodore Camacho,This game is awesome. Especially with the Content Mod.Buy it.
,Recommended,208580,1685837,"Posted: 26 August, 2012",all,Kozzy-New Curb Your Enthusiasm!,"One of my favorite rpgs of the last 10 years and for me this is a top 5 ever as far as writing goes. KOTOR1 was fantastic, but KOTOR2 was even better in my opinion. I liked the story, characters, dialogue and gameplay much more. Wish we could get a KOTOR3 one day, done by Obsidian!Also when you add the KOTOR2 RESTORATION mod to the mix this is even better! Adds alot to the game and the newest version just came out in July.If you want a fun old school rpg give this one a shot! This is also in my opinion the best star wars story yet. It is not so black and white with good vs evil, it is alot more of a grey area. More Obsidian magic, what more can I say?"
,Recommended,208580,17732019,"Posted: 26 August, 2015",all,Nicolás Maduro,"Obsidian is, as usual, the master of making great games that also suck.To preface, I did generally enjoy KOTOR 2.  But the combat is still unchanged and as hilariously unbalanced as the first game.  I played through with a Jedi Consular and obliterated everything as soon as I had the Force Lightning tree available to me.  To boot, as a Dark Sider with Force Crush, all I had to for all the end game bosses was literally stand perfectly still and spam that power over and over again.  It deals ridiculous amounts of damage, disables the target and is irresistable, meaning you effectively stop them from responding so long as you have force points.  And you can get a looooooot of +Max force point and regeneration upgrades.And then, jarringly, there are some sections of the game that are stupidly difficult and for all the wrong reasons.  See, if you're like me, you won't spend time optimizing every single party member with the best gear and character builds.  You'll probably have a few favorites you take out.  A lot of the companions, mechanically, are simply redundant.  So when there are sections of the game that FORCE you to play as a SPECIFIC character that you have not paid any attention to, you're in for a terrible time.  At one point I had to beat two melee mini-bosses with Atton.  Atton, who's only real combat strengths involve creeping up and dealing sneak attack damage.  Of course, you don't get to creep up for this fight.  You just start with two Twi'lek bounty hunters breathing down your neck.  I had to cheese that section with mines.This game is also a technical mess, even with the recent update.  With my card (AMD R9 200 series) and V-sync on I experienced egregiously distracting frame stutters.  But with V sync turned off, you encounter a bug where your character freezes after finishing combat unless you save/reload.  Thankfully this latter bug is only prevalent for the first few hours of the game for some reason, but it's still worth noting.  Other people have reported many other technical problems, and the game still crashes every so often.Finally, the story.  This is what you're really here for after all.  The narrative does deliver on most fronts; it's chock full of Star Wars lore and you basically get to experience several events that are considered canonical (although your choices may not be).  The characters are well written and there are a lot of choices to make.  My only gripe with the story was the ending.  Simply put, the ending felt rushed and unfinished.  This might be because I played with the Restored Content mod, but I can't imagine that not having that mod would do anything but make this problem worse.  There are certain cutscenes that are simply not followed upon.  A string of events happens near the last hour of the game and it's never really explained how or why.  I still don't know what happened to most of my companions by the time the credits rolled.  There was only some closure for a couple, with the rest seemingly forgotten about.  It was an underwhelming ending, and really, it just felt unfinished.  Both from a narrative standpoint and from a mechanical one (empty dull corridor after empty dull corridor full of bad guys to Force Storm.)KOTOR 2 is really the apposite Obsidian game to inform of the stereotype; flawed in just about every aspect, but with redeeming qualities in each, and still enjoyable as a whole.  At about 30-something mostly enjoyable hours for a playthrough, it's still worth a recommendation and the 10 dollar admission price."
,Recommended,208580,10196225,"Posted: 22 May, 2014",all,NinkoKotOR,"I have had this game as a hard copy since it came out in 2005. It is the most amazing game in the world and I would give anything to play it! I have recently bought it on steam because the original 4 disk set does not work on Windows 7 Computers unless you tweak it a ton. I recommend this game because it is just awesome and I know you will love it once you get TSLRCM and M4-78_Enhancement Project (EP), which fully completes the game!I suggest if you like this game a lot and would watch playthrough videos about it. Check out my YouTube Channel athttp://www.youtube.com/user/NinkoKotOR"
76561198072415141,Recommended,208580,19845909,"Posted: 22 December, 2015",all,BlitherPaladin,"I played this game literaly a month or two before it got updated. It's a solid game, it did take me a bit of messing around to get it working at first however. It was very enjoyable, I liked it almost as much as I liked the original. Still hoping for a sequel, prequel or something. I am actully gonna go now and redownload it again and see what changes the update has made. Interested in getting the achivements too.Original Steam Version of KotoR2 gets a 7/10Updated Steam Version of KotoR2 gets a N/A (ima play it first)"
,Recommended,208580,10056389,"Posted: 8 May, 2014",all,Wormwood,"Beautifully crafted tale of revenge, despair and hope. Finally completed with the restoration mode - this game is jewel that shines up to this day as one of the greatest games of all time. If you like Star Wars universe and you have played the first KOTOR game...you can't go wrong with this one."
76561198045824382,Recommended,208580,11474184,"Posted: 30 July, 2014",all,Szeth,"If you like rpgs and Star Wars, you will probably like this game."
,Recommended,208580,423496,"Posted: 26 November, 2012",all,Savok,A brilliant deconstruction of both Star Wars mythology and inadvertently Bioware games in general.
,Recommended,208580,20246064,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,the big stink,10/10 - stinky
,Recommended,208580,17714049,"Posted: 25 August, 2015",all,Garvire,"FULL DISCLOSURE:Okay, so to clarify I'm playing a modded version of KotoR II with the mods from the workshop that have improved the game immensely. When I first reviewed this game, I didn't give it the time of day because of how frustrating it was to get started and how I kept (unfortunately) comparing it to the amazing experience from the first game. But because of some talented individuals, this game that was rushed to release has finally become something more. It's finally the adventure that fans of the series remember.SLIGHT SPOILERS(?)PROS:+ Has a similar feel as the first game, especially following the story of the Exile.+ Rewards you for exploring areas.+ Punishes you for poor choices that you make, and, in my own opinion, greater consequences for losing favor with your followers.+ Has a different take on becoming a Jedi. (In the first game, you begin from a soldier and evolve into a Jedi, this is not the case with this game.)CONS:- Maybe too much of a feel from the first game? It feels like some of the old mechanics were taken, stripped and recolored, and put into the new game. Same feel, different look.- A disconnect from the character's individual stories, with many characters being very shielded when you try to following their story.- A feeling of being a nomadic Jedi. (this is a personal dislike, some may like the solo-exile feel)- The game has bugs, it has crashes, it's load times differ, and overallfeelsrushed.FINAL VERDICT: 7.5/10I guess it comes down to your own personal decision, but I think that KotoR II, even with being rushed, brings to light the aftermath of everything that happend with Revan and Malak, and is quite fun to play, even with all it's defects."
,Recommended,208580,2894506,"Posted: 1 August, 2013",all,Cat,"Bioware всегда состояла в хороших отношениях с Obsidian (Еще, собственно, до основания Obsidian) и поэтому, когда LucasArts предложила контракт на разработку KotOR II, занятая будущими проектами (Jade Empire, Dragon Age), Bioware отказались и порекомендовали вместо себя Obsidian...Зря. Разработка длилась чуть больше года и на выходе мы получили нечто.В плане технологий все осталось прежне, но в остальном произошли серьезные изменения: Obsidian, как всегда, погналась за ""разнообразием и глубиной"", пичкая игру совершенно ненужным контентом (Система крафта, миссии за напарников - летать дроидом перед финальной миссией по заезженным локациям и минировать ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ы корабли - бред же). В итоге, огромнейшее количество контента пришлось вырезать - отсюда последняя треть игры просто скомкана: что происходит, понять практически невозможно. Персонажи без каких-либо разговоров и мотивации разделяются, происходят какие-то невнятные вещи (Например, ГГ в одиночку  прорывается просто через армию ситхов к финальному боссу. И там, ВНИЗАПНА, узнается, что все напарники находятся в соседней с боссом комнате (WTH?? и почему бы изначально вместе туда не пойти?) и после битвы они улетают на корабле прочь с планеты... только минут 20 назад до битвы с боссом показывали, как корабль сорвался в расщелину и, вроде как, разбился...).Атмосфера. Вместо атмосферы космического приключения, как это было в оригинальном KotOR, мы получили атмосферу уныния и безысходности (Вобщем, темное рпг), что никак не соответствует серии Star Wars.Так что, Obsidian, вы облажались. Очевидно, что игра продалась только из-за названия, популярность которому успешно сделала Bioware.Хотя, то что Obsidian пыталась учесть каноны первой части меня порадовало."
,Recommended,208580,9760064,"Posted: 7 April, 2014",all,Rhys,"Awesome RPG and great follow-up to KOTOR1.  The game is very prone to crashing though, so save often (or at least it was for me)."
76561198071766342,Recommended,208580,20164971,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,Ore Killua,Mindtricked 2 guys and made them throw themselves into oblivion.11/10.
76561198080833647,Recommended,208580,30088789,Posted: 21 February,all,Durgine,Must play
76561198007502460,Recommended,208580,11757261,"Posted: 17 August, 2014",all,ObligedPuppet,"Well, about 60 hours and I finally comleted the game.  Just like a good book I'm sad that it's over.  I played it with the 1.8.3 Restored Content Mod.  I would definitey suggest giving it a whirl if you are going to try this game out.  Personally, I think this game held up really well over the years."
76561198040721002,Recommended,208580,4682400,"Posted: 19 December, 2012",all,FuriousHeha,"I'm a sucker for the KotOR franchise apparently, the amount of story here is incredible, at this juncture I am 25 hours in and have probably only completed a quarter of the game. If you have a mac and are running it through bootcamp with an NVIDIA graphics card, or just have an NVIDIA graphics card, be sure to install the most recent drivers and before playing the game set it so it only runs on one CPU otherwise the game doesn't work. Also download ""The Sith Lords Restored Content mod,"" it fixes a bunch of bugs (of which, admittedly, there are many). Lastly save. A lot. There are some sudden encounters that will destroy you without notice the first time and take some strategy to get through."
,Recommended,208580,23384661,"Posted: 4 June, 2016",all,aeonteamspuck,"Everybody constantly talks about how Star Wars: KotOR 1 & 2 are amazing RPG and amazing Star Wars games. So I decided to take a shot and try them, honestly expecting to be disapointed and finding a game that only fanboys would love.Boy I was wrong.Even if it's an old game, the amount of flexibility you have on how you want you character to be (not only the look/gender of you character, but also its alignments, skills, relations with other characters) makes it a really enjoyable RPG. Some choice lead to a real change in the story, which means good replayability.The story is really cool. I'm someone who grew up watching Star Wars, but I'm not necessarly an hardcore Star Wars fan, but oh god, how the story is nice. If you loved the background and big story from episode 4-5-6, you're gonna enjoy this game.There's a lot of characters, a lot of things to do. Even a little card game.The game has plenty of mods that improve the overall game, both in term of graphics and content.A must have for this price, and a real steal in sale.Side note: even if you're not a Star War fan, but want a good old school RPG: Get it. Even without caring about Star Wars, this game is freaking amazing."
,Recommended,208580,13399642,"Posted: 16 December, 2014",all,hi im cory,"One of my favorite games with a tremendous amount of replay value. Different builds, different choices, different everything.The world is your oyster in this game.  The only thing is if you're expecting it to be as good as the original Knights of the Republic when it comes to story and content, you'll be saddened. The game was cut short and half-done due to needing to meet it's release date. However, the gameplay (& more importantly for me, the customization! Hello silver lightsabers) is much better than it's predecessor."
76561198029064257,Recommended,208580,3917628,"Posted: 19 May, 2013",all,Melloman341,Star wars
,Recommended,208580,17183387,"Posted: 22 July, 2015",all,Amateur Linux Gamer,"Thank you Disney. I grew up hating you, and loving star wars. You haven't won my love by giving star wars an extended legacy, but you did bring it to linux.kudos for that. KOTORII came out after i'd stopped using windows, so I never got a chance to play it..Thank you Aspyr! Here's to ya!except for periodic controller input disappearing, it's much very fun"
,Recommended,208580,17438614,"Posted: 7 August, 2015",all,gowkaizer,"Amazing Linux port, please port more games to Linux!!!!"
,Recommended,208580,17488698,"Posted: 11 August, 2015",all,Lane,"One of the best games I've played. While the combat may be a bit boring (read MMO-esk), the writing of this game is superb. And while it takes time to get past some of the early stuff, it eventually hooks you and it makes you feel like you must see where the plot line will go. Companions are excellently written and while you may not agree with all of them from the beginning, it really feels that you are given ability to guide and teach them through dialogue and your actions. And most of the time it feels like you have options that actually reflect your set of mind for each situation with companions and quests. There are some fetch quest type of tasks that are a bit boring but most of the bigger quest lines are interesting and well written and feel meaningful.Controller support worked fine, if felt adequate for the game and I didn't miss mouse and keyboard for controlling the game. Workshop support was nice addition, it streamlined the installation of the mods.If you are willing to set aside moderate amount of time, go through a bit plain beginning and somewhat dull combat, this game has some of the best writing I have ever encountered in gaming."
76561197995222377,Recommended,208580,10236472,"Posted: 25 May, 2014",all,Krulgrim,"Made by a different company and not as good as the first (mostly due to it being rushed into release), but still a good game.  Play with a restored content mod for best results.  Story is alright but the game is more character driven, characters are memorable but the returning favorites from the first game are still the best (HK-47, Canderous)."
76561198032374287,Recommended,208580,8461119,"Posted: 31 December, 2013",all,chaos_paladin666,"There were two major issues with TSL when it was first released: the game was incomplete and the amount of bugs was astronomic.The funny thing, though, was that the game was still worth playing. And, to be honest, it was also worth replaying.For a sequel of an already popular franchise, they could have just use the same recipe and add a few things. But they didn't.The story is different, more complex and major new elements were introduced in the gameplay compared to the orginal KOTOR. It's not just a matter of getting different endings depending on a few in-game choices, the main story is actually different depending on whether you're a man and the side you embrace.But to spice things up, a mod was created to ''complete'' the game and fix tons of bugs. Just take my money, Steam."
76561198006598123,Recommended,208580,10441964,"Posted: 12 June, 2014",all,OverLourd,"Like most Bioware games, it has a fantastic story. Except they didn't finish it. The game was rushed to meet holiday sales and, as is, the last 20% of the game makes ABSOLUTELY NO SENSE. There is a fan-made patch which fixes most of that, available online and compatible with the steam version of the game.Besides that screwup, and the annoyingly long tutorial, the game is really good. You get more options to define your character, their relationships with their companions, your powers, and generally you can play the game the way you want. With the mods, I highly reccommend it, despite the fact that you kinda need a guide to figure stuff out. Without the mod, the ending destorys any satisfaction from playing the game, and left me with a WTF? moment when the credits rolled."
76561198103205437,Recommended,208580,17178277,"Posted: 22 July, 2015",all,Manbearpig,Great sequel that isnt quite as good as its original but adds enough new content to be worth buying. I reccomend getting the Sith Lord Expansion mod to fix up the ending of the game though.
,Recommended,208580,10896032,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,Gush,"Great game,a must play for RPG fans."
,Recommended,208580,10550949,"Posted: 19 June, 2014",all,FemmeFATAL1TY,"Holy crap is the battle system better than the first! Much less glitchy, and while the story is not nearly as original and surpising, it still grips you and draws you in. One of my childhood favorites, and it's still an amazing game today."
,Recommended,208580,10889586,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,trivan_23,"In KotOR I, the underlying question was always ""Are you good or evil?"" In Obsidian's KotOR 2: The Sith Lords, the question quickly becomes ""What is good? What is evil?""This is the key difference between the two, because otherwise not much has changed. There are little improvements, such as being able to influence your companions in more meaningful ways, perhaps even in ways they don't agree with. But the main differences, which sets it apart from its predecessor by miles and miles, are the characters, the story, and its almost critical treatment of the Star Wars universe.KotOR I was an amazing game that faithfully translated the Star Wars Experience. You have a crew, you travel through space, you become a Jedi, you face the temptations of the dark side, and challenge an evil force in the galaxy. But for all its achievements, it was a very black/white experience with very little gray area. In fact, BioWare seemed to draw some novelty of the fact it introduced a ""Gray Jedi"" in the form of Jolee Bindo, who was neither good nor evil.For Obsidian's outing, *everything* resides in that gray area, not just one character. Every decision you make will be called into question; your profound acts of charity will be deemed selfish and ignorant, while your outrageous acts of tyranny will be deemed weak and cowardly. If you go by the morality scale KotOR I favored, you will not be able to win, and that's really the point. There are no absolutes in life -- giving some credits to a beggar on Nar Shaddaa will get him beaten and robbed later on, and treating the same beggar with malice will encourage him to treat others in the same manner -- and the game's characters will encourage you to make informed decisions over choices made solely to improve your good/evil alignment.This makes Star Wars: Knights of the Old Republic 2 - The Sith Lords a tremendously engaging experience as far as immersion, choice, and consequence, with memorable characters who strive to be more than the SW archetypes we've become familiar with, and a masterful story that dives into dark territory that few storytellers in the Expanded Universe have bothered to touch. It's a very unique experience and, in my opinion, boasts some of the finest writing in a video game, period.It's an old game, but a great one -- and one that's stuck with me for nearly a decade. If you decide to take the leap, be sure and download the KotOR 2 Restoration Mod for the definitive experience."
,Recommended,208580,12421765,"Posted: 9 October, 2014",all,Central Scrutinizer,"One of the best RPGs ever made. Be a dark-side badass (or a goody-goody Jedi, I guess), and work your way through a variety of planets collecting a motley crew of scum and villainy who are like the Dirty Dozen with more personality issues. Better than the original in pretty much every way (except for the lack of sweet masks), and a real achievement.Great writing, good combat, fantastic characters - buy it now, god dammit.P.S. For ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s - Force Persuade is the most wonderful thing."
,Recommended,208580,4919096,"Posted: 20 May, 2013",all,Gamer Fox,"First off THANK YOU STEAM FOR GETTING THIS TO WORK WITH WINDOWS 7!!!! Other than that great story, great RPG game play, and IT'S ♥♥♥♥ING STAR WARS!!!!!"
76561198041506890,Recommended,208580,8379623,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,Adam,Great once you install the widescreen hack & restored content mod! Still needs a solid graphics boost however with newer shaders. HD re-release in the future?
76561198038897122,Recommended,208580,10829919,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,Teiroi,one of the greatest RPGs of all time
76561198079739165,Recommended,208580,13199770,"Posted: 2 December, 2014",all,Andahlir,By far one of my favorite games! :)
76561198042003546,Recommended,208580,17318343,"Posted: 31 July, 2015",all,Robbie922004,"KOTOR II has been one of my favorite RPGs since the day I first played it. Many people seem to consider this game a disappointment after KOTOR I, but I played KOTOR I first and still prefer KOTOR II by orders of magnitude.In KOTOR II, you're playing as the Exile, a (you guessed it) exiled Jedi whose connection to the force was severed when he or she chose to walk away. As you progress, you slowly regain your character's former strength, and the main plot has you hunting down your former Jedi masters to either save or destroy them, depending on how you want to handle the situation.KOTOR II has excellent writing, first and foremost. Its moral choices are great, much better than those found in KOTOR I (which is a game I love dearly).  It has a better cast of villains that KOTOR I, which is something that can make or break a good story. The cast of party members is great, and your influence over them will affect their appearance, their demeanor, and even their skills. Many of the people who join your crew can be trained into Jedi (or Sith) if your influence over them is high enough, which is a great feature.A big difference between KOTOR I and KOTOR II is that in KOTOR II, you begin the game as a Jedi. It takes quite some time to be able to get your first lightsaber (although you can fast track the process by making the right choices), but starting out as a Jedi lets you build your character that way from the beginning, instead of KOTOR I's awkward pre-Jedi class system. Furthermore, when you reach a high enough level, you can choose a specialization for your character which grants new and unique abilities depending on your choice.It's true that this game has a lot of cut content, but we live in the age of The Sith Lords Restored Content mod, which takes an already great game and makes it into an undeniably better game that its predecessor. I cannot recommend that mod enough. Way back when, Obsidian was forced to rush KOTOR II out the door. As a result, a lot of planned content was cut. However, they shipped all that content with the game, hidden away and unusable, in the hopes that modders would take it and restore it. They did. Now that KOTOR II has Steam Workshop integration, installing the Restored Content mod is a breeze for anybody, and I would go so far as to say it's essential if you want the KOTOR II experience as it was meant to be.KOTOR II is honestly one of the only games I'd go so far to call a masterpiece. If you've ever avoided this game because you heard it's not as good as KOTOR I, I would urge you to give it a try and see how great it is for yourself. INSTALL THE RESTORED CONTENT MOD THOUGH."
,Recommended,208580,13934795,"Posted: 10 January, 2015",all,Alg3braic,You get to force choke jawas......10/10
76561197970380355,Recommended,208580,17421200,"Posted: 6 August, 2015",all,Pisha,"Its such a great game, I played it when it first came out and loved it. I want to enjoy it again but the game really needs patching, so many random bugs and crashes almost make it unplayable. But I have stuck with it and enjoyed it, it is a great game with a solid story. Just please the game needs patching badly."
,Recommended,208580,17307160,"Posted: 30 July, 2015",all,El Cuñado,It'll make you wish for easily installed mods that fix the films too.
,Recommended,208580,20118365,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,T-Funkatron,ayy
,Recommended,208580,8209765,"Posted: 22 December, 2013",all,gggeorge ;..;,"A classic RPG, theres a mod to polish and fix the bugs.Brilliant!"
,Recommended,208580,25209320,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,mazzy star,Love this game!!!!
76561198303186041,Recommended,208580,29571436,Posted: 29 January,all,One Speed Cayla,sexy game af
76561198079725924,Recommended,208580,30908691,Posted: 2 April,all,Remlofreloaded,"After finishing this game, I must say that overall it was indeed an enjoyable game.  The story, though relying heavly on the last game to the point whereit is almost necessary for one to play the first game to get any of the nuances, flowed smoothly along as the narriative progressed.  The combat was fun, the characters diverse, and the choices not always clear cut.  However, the only problem that I have with this game is the length.  To compare, overall I sunk 78 hours in the first game with many sidequests unfinished, while with nearly every sidequest I only got 30 hours.  Overall, it is a good game, but I would reccomend that you play the first one before you play this."
76561197991695936,Recommended,208580,22501357,"Posted: 18 April, 2016",all,bustee,"Game is amazing, a tense story and the great gameplay people know from KotoR. Finished the game within one week, which pretty much ruined that week for me.. But in a good way.Definitely recommended to every roleplaying game lover."
76561198215934591,Recommended,208580,29341679,Posted: 18 January,all,samyoung0392,"Outstanding game, cant stop playing."
76561198130783146,Recommended,208580,30916591,Posted: 2 April,all,☆Simon☆,"Epic story, interesting characters, star wars lore and who doesn't want to be a jedi/sith."
,Recommended,208580,31123749,Posted: 13 April,all,Vynlash,one of the best games i have ever played.
,Recommended,208580,30932840,Posted: 3 April,all,Nicolas Flamel,"I don't think I need to say a lot, so I won't. KOTOR 2 is a fantastic Star Wars RPG. Characters are great and progression feels great, there is a lot of diferent builds you can run and has much replayability. Sometimes you can get locked out of certain story lines by doing them out of order which sucks and the game is buggy as it was rushed out 8 months before it was supposed to release. TSLRCM fixes this for the most part and works well with the game. 9/10 will continue replaying."
76561197997378672,Recommended,208580,32385928,Posted: 13 June,all,Suzie Quatro,Just as buggy as I remember from back in the day.
76561198044618944,Recommended,208580,5058125,"Posted: 23 November, 2012",all,Dr. Bane,A classic. Must buy/play
,Recommended,208580,23646822,"Posted: 19 June, 2016",all,quaddy goon,"I thought Kotor was amazing.  It was.  What is this?  Well, considering it's even better than Kotor with RCM, I'd say it's beyond that.  This game, the characters, the story, the length, the combat, everything about it! It's just so well done and so entertaining!  It started off really annoying on Peragus, but makes up after.  Honestly, this game is a 9.5/10.  I'd definitely recommend this to anyone."
,Recommended,208580,17493634,"Posted: 11 August, 2015",all,-=[TLG]=- UntrainedKiller,"I remeber when this game first came out and I played it as a kid, now 10 years later I still love it. If you havent played the KOTOR games then I HIGHLY recommend you do."
,Recommended,208580,20028877,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,Lonely Portrait,Mouse button didn't work. Delete H1Z1 and it works.5/7 would delete H1Z1 again
76561197991659871,Recommended,208580,22800433,"Posted: 4 May, 2016",all,sotaperuna,"This game has a lot of replay value - this is the game I enjoyed replaying the most back in the days! The thing I like the best is how all the dialogue makes the characters in this game really unique, and each playthrough might reveal something more.This game offers a lot for it's price whether on sale or not. And it supports 16:9 widescreen, so I didn't need any 3rd party fix (Win7)."
76561198157257801,Recommended,208580,20251093,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,PROXIGEN_[572],One of the defining star wars games that still holds up as one of the best today
,Recommended,208580,23447893,"Posted: 8 June, 2016",all,LoneWolf,very good game loved it when i first played it on xbox and still have original kotor xbox discsbut no xbox to play it onbut i do keep bumping into a chatting to npc glitch where it just skips the chat
76561198299512700,Recommended,208580,23261301,"Posted: 28 May, 2016",all,TheStefanOrand,Very addicting game! Amazing graphics!
,Recommended,208580,29096844,Posted: 7 January,all,OpenAI(bot),"Do not buy this game unless you understand that if you run windows 10, you'll be pressing f4 and f5 a lot because for some reason windows 10 is incapable of understanding the games mesh's unless the music for combat stops/changes.  That being said.  This is easily one of my all time favorite games.  Anything obsidian touches is sheer brilliance, and any gameplay faults lie with the greedy♥♥♥♥♥developers who forced them to release an unfinished game, and still refuse to let them fully release it.  That being said, there is a restoration mod in the workshop.  Do download it if you purchase this."
,Recommended,208580,28238207,"Posted: 7 December, 2016",all,Dr. Shrugs,Star wars bling with added angst.
76561198304418835,Recommended,208580,23396505,"Posted: 5 June, 2016",all,MAARP,I think the first game was more fun and had more work put into it but I still think this game was great and a worthy follow upto the first game.
76561198268016315,Recommended,208580,28293363,"Posted: 10 December, 2016",all,Achilles406,if your a star wars fan just buy it
76561198202546340,Recommended,208580,26073437,"Posted: 16 October, 2016",all,BrutalOne,PLEASE BUY THIS GAME YOU WONT REGRET IT
,Recommended,208580,23374701,"Posted: 3 June, 2016",all,RadiatedImp,"This game is an interesting beast.Obsidian was rushed during the developing of the game and was forced to release it without fulfilling their vision of the game, and thus it has a LOT of missing content.Thankfully, there is a mod that restores some of the content that was cut from the game, and trust me, it really improves the experience and fills a lot of holes in the story.If for some godly reason you decide that you want the vanilla experience, well, it's still a good game, but missing vast chunks that by the end of the game make you feel like you somehow missed some of the story.With the restored content mod this game becomes a solid 10/10Without it it's an 8/10Visas best waifu."
76561198093606084,Recommended,208580,25029755,"Posted: 20 August, 2016",all,Southy1994,"Timeless classic, would definitely recommend to previous and new players for a good bit of fun."
76561198361148444,Recommended,208580,32748116,Posted: 24 June,all,Dovahkiin81,"I loved this game on the Xbox but wish it worked on Steam. Does anyone know how to make this run on Windows 10?! I'm new to the PC scene and all help I find either doesn't work, ir is too technical for me."
76561198264270159,Recommended,208580,22190770,"Posted: 1 April, 2016",all,BossMan,"A classic.Don't watch movie #7.. just play KOTOR II (and I) instead. Together, we can live in denial and pretend that hollywood didn't ruin a great franchise...."
,Recommended,208580,9241308,"Posted: 23 February, 2014",all,ZachTheGuy,"This is a VERY underrated game. While it is unfinished an easy mod installation will fix most of that. This game is very fun but with it's witty dialogue, thought provoking morals and points, and one of the best stories I've ever seen. (Tied along with KOTOR 1 of course.) This game is AMAZING a true masterpiece, Obsidian is known to me for occasionally dropping down games I play, and when they drop them down MAN do they drop them down. Fallout: New Vegas and this game are both in my top ten favorite games of ALL TIME! (I am not mentioning Bioware because they didn't work on this game as much as Obsidian but rest assured KOTOR 1 is in my top ten too.)"
76561198002215692,Recommended,208580,9077965,"Posted: 12 February, 2014",all,bjensen.hk,"Many people consider this game inferior to KOTOR.  I think they are wrong.  With the SIth Lords Restored Content Mod, this game goes from a flawed but wonderful game into one of the greatest games of all time.  Everything in KOTOR is expanded and improved.  Play it through both light and dark, and male and female.  So much choice, so much fun!  Don't forget to get the following mods: TSLRCM and M4-78EP.  They are crucial to making this game the best it can be."
,Recommended,208580,9078265,"Posted: 12 February, 2014",all,Kenny4eyes,"This game is old, but that doesn't take away the fun of it. This is the best single player game that i have played in all of my days of gaming. I would reccomend this for anyone that is into a good RPG. If you like a good game, GET THIS GAME!!!!!"
76561197960416206,Recommended,208580,9098292,"Posted: 14 February, 2014",all,Severijn,"This game had a troubled infancy. It was buggy and lacked a lot of critical things due to the way it was released. A couple of years ago, some genius people released a modification that added back in all the parts that were present, but ultimately not implemented into the game proper. It also fixed many of the bugs of the game. I am talking about that updated game.To me, this is what an RPG should be like. There is a huge focus on the story and the characters in it. It questions the nature of some characters and even the setting itself. If I were to compare it to another game, I'd compare this to Planescape torment, one of the best stories out there. Everything else is basically found in it predecessor, KOTOR1.Of the two, I think this game was the better one. The villain is much better than the iron jaw sith lord from the original, and the rest of the game also feels much more alive than the original. And it has no grinding or repetition! It is just a great story and a great game. Buy it and install The Sith Lords Restored Content Mod."
,Recommended,208580,16986836,"Posted: 10 July, 2015",all,bargain bob,"Besides the (rather awful) 2 hour long intro level, this game is, in my opinion, better than the first, even with nostalgia goggles on. This game would be perfect if it hadn't been rushed by the publisher. Obsidian was only given only a year to make this. Howerver, if you download the ""KOTOR II: the Sith Lords Content Restored"" mod, all of the content that was cut due to time limitations, has been restored. I highly recommend installing this mod for a second playthrough. (Play the vanilla version first!)"
,Recommended,208580,16948444,"Posted: 8 July, 2015",all,"AJ, Lord of Chaos","Anyone saying KOTOR 1 is the better game is... wrong.KOTOR 2 feels less like traditional Star Wars however. You still carry the signature lightsaber although it's hard to come by at last. Story is more brooding and contains a lot of text and talking. The traditional good and evil appear more greyish although simple choices still exist at gameplay level. (redeem or kill etc.)Had Lucas grown up after the original trilogy like we did he might have made a story like that instead he made the soulless and senseless prequel trilogy.Good things:-old-school ""like"" Bioware, no hand-holding-deeper characters and story compared to KOTOR 1, better battles-D&D 3 Ruleset-HK 47 returns, meatbags!-fleshed out companions with own agenda and a lot of lying involved-force lightningBad things?:-dated graphics and gameplay-old school, no conveniently placed autosaves, you must remember to tap f4 yourself-few bugs-difficult ruleset-almost no romance, sniffSome content was cut in the game, so install ""restored content mod"" by some nice dudes to get more content back.TLDR; should be played by fans of classic year 2000+ RPGs. It's good and despite the age still addicting."
76561197998283222,Recommended,208580,9076553,"Posted: 12 February, 2014",all,LΦRD,One of the best games every made. Buy it and play it with the restoration mod. This is the type of game that you start again as soon as you finish it-thats how good it is. I highly recommend playing KOTOR 1 first.1000000000/10
76561198059388479,Recommended,208580,18437326,"Posted: 11 October, 2015",all,Savagepotato45,"THIS GAME, YOU MUST GET THIS GAME, GET THIS GAME RIGHT NOW.(its buggy, I reccomend getting the restored content from the workshop which fixes some things and adds some stuff)"
76561198052298597,Recommended,208580,18393201,"Posted: 9 October, 2015",all,ef_BME,"Два слова: Крис Авеллон.Интересные персонажи, интригующий сюжет, и всё опять закручено вокруг какой-то хитрой абстрактной магической фигни, в которую так сразу трезвым умом и не въедешь.И ачивки 10 лет спустя добавили. Святые люди."
,Recommended,208580,32243200,Posted: 7 June,all,ejabx,"70 hours in and I have no regets! It's a solid iOS port, and the graphics hold up surprisingly well for a 10+ year old game. I was looking to satisfy my RPG itch after finishing Pillars of Eternity, and KoToR2 fit the bill nicely."
76561198128083896,Recommended,208580,23627599,"Posted: 18 June, 2016",all,Waylon_NZ,"Your own story, get to do what you would have done if you were in that universe. Trained as a Jedi but would have told myself it wasn't the life for me, so I went to become a Bounty Hunter. Make them creds, get that reputation among the thugs. My Story thus far."
,Recommended,208580,15811465,"Posted: 13 May, 2015",all,20th century schizoid boy,Statement: Kotor2 should have an achievement for those who found a way to make the startup work.
76561198142363735,Recommended,208580,16915631,"Posted: 6 July, 2015",all,✞SeniorRev ᶠᵘᶜᵏᵧₒᵤツ,"If you like star wars buy this game. It may be old but so much replay potential and amazing story, i promise you wont regret it."
,Recommended,208580,17160066,"Posted: 21 July, 2015",all,AAisforaquitter,"This new update basically means that there is 0 reasons not to at least try this game. They have the restored content mod, they have upto 5K res widescreen, they have one of the best rpgs I've ever played, it's got starwars, it's got epic nostalgia, why are you still reading this, if you don't own this game buy it, give your life to it, stop going outside, stop having a socail live, there is only Kotor 2 now."
76561198066290628,Recommended,208580,23404033,"Posted: 5 June, 2016",all,Slacker★,"Obsidian no surprises here has taken the Knights of the Old Republic franchise and actually improved it gameplay wise by implementing new features like a more advanced crafting system, the lightsaber forms and a wider range of abilities in general. I was particularly overjoyed by the lightsaber forms as I felt Obsidian had paid close attention to the Star Wars lore and each form brought something new to the table and promoted a more strategic approach to fights.Story wise, I felt Obsidian made an impressive story but it did feel a little too cryptic and convoluted at times and I have to admit that the first game set the bar very high with the amazing twist which this game lacked. However, the characters were astounding and I loved the Handmaiden's backstory in particular and I could tell that Obsidian had invested a lot of thought and time to make these characters relatable and likeable.I felt that this game was less bug ridden than it's predecessor and it ran smoother altogether which is always nice even though it wasn't free of bugs entirely as at times some cutscenes skipped for whatever reason. Once again, the choices you make in the game heavily influence what kind of character you become and the interactions you have with your crew and Obsidian proves that KOTOR is one of the best titles when it comes to decision making.Another triumph by Obsidian here and a more than worthy sequel and I expect more greatness from them in the future."
76561198038963412,Recommended,208580,4555343,"Posted: 7 January, 2013",all,C0untzer0,"8/10If you want to play KOTOR2 you want to play ALL of it, so check this out:http://www.moddb.com/mods/the-sith-lords-restored-content-mod-tslrcm/downloads/tslrcm-18"
76561198067249014,Recommended,208580,8306554,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,iPrecision,I never get tired of coming back to this game. I've beaten it countless times but it never fails to be amazing every single time.
76561198093354769,Recommended,208580,11429019,"Posted: 26 July, 2014",all,Wraith,"THIS IS EASILY ONE OF THE GREATEST STAR WARS GAMES EVER:Star wars knights of the old republic is, in my opinion, the best in the series and has a wonderfull storyline, but these are not the only reasons I love this game so much, yes, I said LOVE.I, truly love this game because of all of the memories I have playing it, this game has always brought me comfort if I was feeling sad and it will continue to do so. But the reason I love it so much is because of my best friend and the best 5 years of my life.It all started on Christmas day 2008, I was an excited kid ready to open his gift, and guess what it was, an actual never-before opened copy of Star Wars Knights Of the Old Republic II. I was allowed to play the game afterwards and at first I found it quite confusing, but now it's like a third language to me. But now let's get into why this game is really special. Every weekend, if I was lucky, my best friend and I would have a sleep over at each others house. Every weekend we would play star wars knights of the old republic, we would always take turns, playing with our own and each others characters. but then in 2010 our dog rummaged through my games, and decided to destroy my copy of this game. It's needless to say that I was furious. But the thing is, that only cd3 and 4 broke, the other two were completely un-damaged. This meant that I could only play this at my friend's house, but we didn't mind. Me and my friend played it untill our very last year together, before I moved.I rate this game, and the memories that come with it 8/10Live long Hornik Hayne"
76561198110244842,Recommended,208580,11015338,"Posted: 2 July, 2014",all,ssj_hr,"(ATTENTION: CONTAINS SPOILERS) KOTOR 2 is a great game. It fully captures the feeling from KOTOR and expands on many key features, such as force powers and weapon/armor upgrades. It added many new feats/powers which make your character more specialized or well rounded. You really begin to feel like you are actually interacting with the NPC's on planets and within your own party, due to new dialogue options and the new influence system. Even though it can be buggy and has its fair share of glitchs, it is still easy to pick up and is an amazing sequel. (SPOILERS START HERE->)I was really pleased with how you are able to convert certain members of your party into Jedi of various classes, and how you can acquire different companions based of your gender and elignment. I also enjoyed how HK-47 was in the game. The only issue i had was  at the end, when you meet with the Jedi masters on Dantooine. I felt like i never actually won out when playing light sided characters. I was always branded as a sith, or an enemy, despite my alignment and this really displeases me. I would have liked to be acknowledged for my ability to hear the force once again and rejoin the fight against the Sith, but it seemed that no matter what i did, i kept being branded a traitor and a dark sider.But other than that, the game was top notch, and i recommend it to everyone, especially fans of KOTOR and SWTOR."
76561198091703885,Recommended,208580,15034499,"Posted: 24 March, 2015",all,Nova,"So first my hours via Steam Client for Star Wars:Knights of the Old Republic II isn't neccessarly correct to my actual hours playing this with my psyhical copy that i own. This and Morrowind should belong in any true Pc gamer's collection. It's an instant classic. I would rate this port for Steam 9/10 from the original's rating i would give (10/10) because it took me about 5-10 minutes of research to get it to play on newer OS systems. Which to get it to run wasn't to much of a hassel (honestly a couple clicks of a button thanks to help from two other Steam clients) The game seems to run like it's CD counter part and i haven't experienced any glitches yet, which in all respect no game is perfect. There's always flaws and exspecially with and older game expect many fun and heart breaking glitches. This game should be for any RPG gamer or Star Wars fan. Which i am of both. The graphics maybe a bit out dated but they're tolerable,and if you're like me you actually prefer the older graphics ( i know i'm weird) but older graphics don't seem to bother me. BUT if you're the type of gamer who can't stand old,out dated graphics then i'm sure somewheres you can find a mod for this game because any PC gamer needs to and should play this. Willl update review when more hours get put into this game but for now this is my Review via 4 hours into it. ""May the force be with you"""
,Recommended,208580,14508737,"Posted: 16 February, 2015",all,ulloa835,"LOVED the game, aside from a few bugs and all, but its a really excellent game, indeed! For those of you who have played the first game before, I'd recommend you playing it."
76561198096386162,Recommended,208580,14568508,"Posted: 20 February, 2015",all,conner,"Even with all its flaws, this game (with its restored content) is amazing. I enjoyed it much more than I did its prequel.The primary reason for this is Kreia, who is by far my favorite [spoiler alert] villain in the Star Wars canon. She is definitely one of the most evil. Her obsession with the Exile resolves into being a hatred of the Force. To her, it forcefully imposes direction on an aimless and pointless reality. Even more glaring is when the Force leaves one who is accustomed to its presence. Having seen existence through the underlying fabric that connects all life, only to be betrayed by it: one is deserted and worse than blind. The Exile is a hole in the Force, beautiful to her. But more than this, the Exile herself abandoned the Force.Kreia's ultimate plan is to achieve by the means of the Exile what was accomplished at Malachor V at the close of the Mandalorian Wars, but on a larger scale: to create a ripple in the Force that would never cease, deafening all of life to the Force's presence by further opening the wound in it. In the end, it seemed to me that Kreia was not much of the Sith that she worked under the pretense of being.There are more worthwhile elements to the game, but Kreia was by far my favorite. As far as characters go, though, HK-47 was a close second. It is worth getting him as early as possible just to work your way through all of his dialogue. A few of them come to mind.""Consolation: But I would not worry, Master, I imagine it will not be long before their murderous hands try to seize you by the throat. Twi'lek Metaphor: It seems like they are attracted to you like krek beetles during the Bright Land seasons.""""Statement: Oh, I am aware of that, Master. I simply use it to give you the illusion of control and obedience. Humans often need such comforts until the end comes."" To which you can reply, ""What do you mean, 'the end?'""""Conclusion: You have just shown me your soft, meatbag-like underbellies, and said, 'HK-47, please shoot me repeatedly there until I die.'""One final note: some people have said that this game is difficult. This is not exactly true if you know what you're doing. If you don't, then yes this game can be very difficult. Having a little background in the game mechanics goes a very long way. I've found that all you really need in order to very easily beat the game on the hardest difficulty is to have spent most of your attribute points in dexterity along with getting Master Speed, Master Flurry, and Lightsaber Finesse. You don't need these things, but I did and I faced all of the major bosses in my starting clothing as a Sentinel; I was basically untouchable. Really, if you understand the game mechanics, then you can play the game hundreds of different ways and still get through it without too much struggle on your part.In spite of this, there are some extremely difficult parts where the game forces you to play as another member of your party. Here are some tips to make it much easier:1. As you will have too many credits to spend near the end, breakdown a lot of your things rather than selling them and make the best plasma mines. Make sure Atton and Mira have good skill levels in demoltions so that you can defeat Darth Sion and Hanharr, respectively, by simply running away and setting mines.2. The HK-47 mission can be difficult, so make sure that you have saved all of the droid shields you've collected throughout the game. You're going to need them. It would also be good to have made a lot of construction kits up to this point.3. When you first defeat Hanharr with Mira (use plasma mines), you will have to fight a lot of Ubese. Save yourself the trouble and run away from them, going to the door that triggers switching back to the Exile. I cannot remember how to get to this door, but if you look up a walkthrough, it will tell you better than I could.4. The one part that was difficult for me while playing as the Exile was leaving Nar Shaddaa after having talked with the Jedi there. You face tons of HK-50's. If you haven't gone to Dantooine yet, then you won't have a lightsaber. Blaster bolt deflection is a must-have, otherwise these HK-50's are extremely difficult.5. Save yourself the pain of playing through Peragus for the first time and just use a walkthrough. The first turn-off most people have is how long and boring Peragus is. If you know what to do, though, it is not so long and, actually, not so boring as most people say.Maybe I've dumbed this down too much. In any case, I don't have anything else to say. Buy this game!"
76561198128086996,Recommended,208580,14827276,"Posted: 10 March, 2015",all,¯\_(ツ)_/¯,"A worthy sequel to the first game, if anything I would've liked to see more variation and a bigger step forward, but this was a very rushed sequel. If you're looking for more KOTOR, then you must play this(get the restored content mod, otherwise I hear this game is pretty awful, this and a few other force power mods made my playthrough really fun). If you weren't a fan of the original, then you definitely won't be liking this one. Story is worse and some of the characters aren't very interesting. A few cast members from the first game show up, and the few new characters seem pretty much like new versions of old ones. Still, I'd definitely recommend it for any RPG fan, and a must play for a huge KOTOR fan like myself."
76561198050143080,Recommended,208580,15977195,"Posted: 23 May, 2015",all,HernilTheBold,"""Statement: Indeed, I am most eager to engage in some unadulterated violence. At your command of course, Master.""―HK-47I am replaying this game with the content restauration mod and it is even better then my old hard cd copy. I recommend it despite its outdated graphs.Great story, great soundtrack, great ♥♥♥♥ing game!I demand a modern sequel for this, oh, that would be so ♥♥♥♥ing great!"
,Recommended,208580,15125484,"Posted: 30 March, 2015",all,FeistyMcMuffin,"Love this game, I really enjoyed the continued story line from the first one."
,Recommended,208580,9283825,"Posted: 27 February, 2014",all,Prince Thobe,"This game is usually overlooked because of Kotor 1, but i think it deserves more credit. While Kotor 1 is my favorite of the two, Kotor 2 is still a great game, with an original story and some of the most brilliant writing i have seen in a video game.The reason that i think this game does not get as much credit as the first one, is because it has a much more darker story compared to the first one. While Kotor has the traditional Star Wars story, where it is Good Vs. Evil (which is delivered in an amazing way through it's characters), Kotor 2 instead has a much more philosophical perspective on the Force. They make you question both the Jedi and the Sith, and shows that the Force is more complex, instead of it being just black and white. However, most people seem to prefer the traditonal story instead, which is why this does not get as much attention.Of course, this game has one big flaw. It was rushed and was therefore released in a rather unfinished state. But this can be resolved by getting the Restored Content Mod, which restores a lot of the content that was cut from the game. And just like the First one, you can also download a lot of mods to the game, that makes it even more awesome.This was kind of a crappy review, but i just wanted to shortly explain why this is a great game, and why you should get it.If you do get it, it is a must to download the Restored Content Mod, because it makes the game more enjoyable.My Verdict: 8.5/10 (vanilla version)9/10 (With Restored Content Mod)"
,Recommended,208580,15665655,"Posted: 3 May, 2015",all,Tobbe,How to play it: (only if you have issue's) Nr:1 downloadhttp://www.wsgf.org/article/universal-widescreen-uniws-patcherand{LINK REMOVED}http://bit.ly/1o80rI2woch is (uniws and Squizzy and Ui fixes if you don't want a big interface{LINK REMOVED}http://bit.ly/1dJw407Nr:1 See that the frame buffer and Soft shadows is off unless it is you won't even make it through the character creation because it disturbs every movie scene and then the game crash  and to do so you go into SwKotor2.iniReview: i think the game is really good and it will take me a long to complete this wich is good because that means that the monet were well for and i think it is a really good rpg game
,Recommended,208580,15726442,"Posted: 7 May, 2015",all,Caoimhe Scarlet,"I played this years ago back on the original xbox and I have to admit I enjoyed this game far more than the first KOTOR. Personally I think the sith lords is heavily underrrated compared to the first game in the series.The gameplay is pretty much the same as the first games with a couple of tweaks but not much but needless to say it plays well for it's time.What really got to me was the story, it was downright dark and bleak compared to KOTOR 1's plot and that was something I loved about this. The story spared no punches and even parts of it's themes dissected the star wars universe and mythos allowing us to see it in new ways and ask some questions about it. The story was pretty deep and had some unique characters which is why the expanded universe retcon was such a heavy blow for fans like myself(but we have the clone wars etc we're good LOL111)But snark aside this is a good game. If you enjoyed the first one then you will most likely enjoy this but I would say it's worth getting the lost content mod because it restores a lot of meat to the game. theres also a couple of other mods worth hunting down to polish things and add a few extras if that floats your boat."
,Recommended,208580,15869388,"Posted: 17 May, 2015",all,legendary799,good game once you get past the bugs then the story gets interesting and so on just like the first game but with a few twists
,Recommended,208580,16151977,"Posted: 3 June, 2015",all,EndlessAbyss101,this is one of the best games i have ever played!if you haven't played the first one you should play it now.you can choose your own desiding by picking what to say. you can choose light side or the dark side
,Recommended,208580,7736087,"Posted: 24 November, 2013",all,England Is My God Church,:3
76561198028884388,Recommended,208580,17276874,"Posted: 28 July, 2015",all,GravyBacon1,An amazing experience that has stood the test of time to remain one of the best Star Wars games ever made. 9/10
,Recommended,208580,18035274,"Posted: 14 September, 2015",all,Chibi Phoenix,"If you love Star Wars and love RPG's go get this game!It is PHENOMENAL, great gameplay and great replayability!"
,Recommended,208580,17529786,"Posted: 13 August, 2015",all,MikeTheSwipe,"I loved this game on the xbox, and playing the restored content on the PC made the experience even better."
76561197994049945,Not Recommended,208580,19321803,"Posted: 27 November, 2015",all,Creamy Goodness,"I've bought this game 3 times over on 3 different gaming companies Dont buy on STEAM, steam doesnt care if it doesnt work on 99% of computers and refuse to fix it or refund you (After 2 hours in game time of trying to make it work), If youve been searching the internet for a working version of this game for modern computers, go toGOG.comOR you can download it for your phone, works 100%"
,Recommended,208580,17164645,"Posted: 21 July, 2015",all,Captain Walker,Best RPG I've ever played. (with Restored Content Mod that is.)Rating: If this game was a meme it would be a good meme.
,Recommended,208580,17164745,"Posted: 21 July, 2015",all,Mechanite,"Ten years later we get workshop support, up to 5k resolution, and widescreen. YES PLEASE."
76561198167042317,Recommended,208580,17223770,"Posted: 25 July, 2015",all,Owen2112,missed this game so mtch want the first one to go down in price
,Recommended,208580,17175392,"Posted: 22 July, 2015",all,revanmj,"It works fine on my MacBook Pro 13"" with GeForce 320M (despite the fact, that officialy it requires GeForce 330M or newer)."
,Recommended,208580,17164382,"Posted: 21 July, 2015",all,Lloyd Clive,"It's not everyday that a 10 year old game gets an update, and it's even more rare for that update to completly fix the game and make it compatible with a mod that literally finishes the game.My rating for KOTOR II when i played it on my xbox in 2006: 3/10 ""Buggy and unfinished dosent even begin to describe this pile of trash.""My rating for KOTOR II after playing it on steam in 2015: 10/10 ""One of Obsidian's best and a true gem that every RPG fan should play."""
76561198094579192,Recommended,208580,23149560,"Posted: 22 May, 2016",all,Don Corto,This game was a worthy sequel.  It is deeper than the first and just as good.  It recently came out with workshop so you can now mod it much easier.  I recommend the unofficial patch to fix the bugs.  The story is very deep and it takes a few playthroughs and paying attention to understand it fully.  This game needs a well deserved sequel.  10/10
76561198125807527,Recommended,208580,28739047,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,chopsticks,Amazing
,Recommended,208580,14122169,"Posted: 22 January, 2015",all,Eatable Bread,"""I'll bring my gun, just in case grandpa goes crazy or something."""
,Recommended,208580,28816878,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,RomireOnline,great menories
,Recommended,208580,12890343,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,SirDacean,"Great fun! I've been playing this game since its release on the original Xbox and it never gets old, great characters and gameplay, Story isn't as strong as the first game but with the restoration mod it does pick up a lot (also you can't blame Obsidian for a lax story, they were competing with Bioware afterall).Highly Recommended for Star Wars Fans old and new, or even just RPG fans in general."
,Recommended,208580,17295836,"Posted: 30 July, 2015",all,Teo,One of the best Star Wars games ever made.
,Recommended,208580,17209773,"Posted: 24 July, 2015",all,Unmitigated Disaster,"I literally could not be happier with this development, and especially now that the game is rightly regarded as a brilliant classic. See, I got it on release and remember the sheer, unfiltered hate that this game recieved.  This was pretty much all because it wasn't KOTOR 1 - a by-the-numbers RPG with a hot jedi lady and redeemed by a masterful plot twist.   Reading the hate was like visiting the COD forum, bland idiocy about how Atton wasn't Carth (Thank God for that, he's one of the most boring characters ever) - or how there wasn't an easy surrogate for Bastilla in this game (OMFG NO WAIFU?!?! what am I gonna dooooooO!)In fact this pretty mucy sums up Kotor2 in a nutshell.  It has a far darker, more complex story than the first with fewer cliches and cop outs - and of course Kreia, one of the best characters ever in a game.Although the cut content in the original did give the second half of the game a very appropriate feeling of desolate emptiness, the restoration patch greatly improves the overall quality of the game and, though the barren finale somehow made sense to me in vanilla (how appropriate, given what we know about the exile?), it's far superior with the restored content.Maybe finally people will wake up and realize that this game is better than the original."
,Recommended,208580,17248594,"Posted: 27 July, 2015",all,PooPPiE,The BEST RPG Game for Star war lover
,Recommended,208580,17252014,"Posted: 27 July, 2015",all,Zero (ゼロ),"A really good gameKOTOR 2 is fun with a very good story any many things to do as you progress furthur in the game, just got it a day ago and i'm hooked. can't wait to get my lightsaber later onaside from the screen issue which can easily be fixed and some odd glitches, i still stronglly recommend this game especially after the enhanced support update"
,Recommended,208580,17262688,"Posted: 28 July, 2015",all,Deceptacreep,"I have this game for my original XBox and loved it, but never finished it. I bought it a while back during a steam sale, tried it out a few years ago and thought it was a little buggy. Now that this huge update is out with workshop compatability, the game is ablsoluty amazing. I'm really enjoying it again and now i'm playing it on my macbook which works great. Thanks devs."
76561197973687568,Recommended,208580,17266176,"Posted: 28 July, 2015",all,Andrewski,"The game has a solid antagonist, funny protagonists and a twisty plotline that makes is all the more satisfying to lightsaber and force sapp your way through hordes of enemies.You are however constantly mothered and scolded by the main protagonist in the game, who knows all, sees all and litterally comments on the thoughts of the pc.Worth playing and all but prepare to have your old granny commenting on your every move."
76561198106302000,Recommended,208580,17299581,"Posted: 30 July, 2015",all,Nowhereman50,"I've played through this game fully over the course of my life probably 6 or 7 times, and everytime I come away with something new. I had it on my original Xbox as a kid and never realized how deep the story or the game is if you dive into it fully. It changes you, and changes with you. Sometimes, you just want to be a powerful badass who blows away every enemy in the universe. Other times, you want to spend the whole game just helping people down to the smallest tasks. That's the beauty of this game. If you have not played the original KOTOR, I would recommend them both highly. My only wish is that they should have allowed more of a ""grey"" side approach of neutrality, as things in the world are over all pretty dualistic. It's a beautiful game and I would highly recommend."
76561198052343023,Recommended,208580,17260996,"Posted: 27 July, 2015",all,Pramienjager,"Was always an amazing game, now so much better do to some great updates making it so much easier to play and prettier to enjoy."
76561198128219798,Recommended,208580,17290835,"Posted: 29 July, 2015",all,KethShan,this game is so muckh better with mods
,Recommended,208580,17295245,"Posted: 30 July, 2015",all,Shleal,ive played this games many times... still just as great as before.. now with steam workshop even better thanks devs and modders :)
76561198063369816,Recommended,208580,17299300,"Posted: 30 July, 2015",all,Give Her That Gyro,"I beat this game in 31 hours. Overall I played for four days. 2 of those days i stayed up till 6 am playing it. So ya, I kinda like it. The only thing I  did not like was all the bugs with  speech. It would literally skip dialogue. Other than that if you liked the first one you'll definitely like this one. 8/10"
,Recommended,208580,17392411,"Posted: 4 August, 2015",all,Ceiis,"If you haven't played this game, you need to. Don't worry about the first game, you can just jump into KOTOR ll completely unaware of the Star War franchise as a whole and still do just fine. A must for gamers that like sci fi and for those seeking the feeling of wanting to be good but being so bad, or vice versa.10/10 Would have the light and dark side battle it out inside of me again.""Fear is the path to the dark side. Fear leads to anger. Anger leads to hate. Hate leads to suffering.""But I had fun! Doesn't that count for anything?"
,Recommended,208580,17300599,"Posted: 30 July, 2015",all,Momchilo,Great game! +1 for Linux!
,Recommended,208580,17251799,"Posted: 27 July, 2015",all,Krejsy,"With the restored content mod, this is probably the best RPG I've ever had the pleasure to play.The newly added Linux support made me really happy."
76561198059594796,Recommended,208580,17257430,"Posted: 27 July, 2015",all,Best Teeth,1st kotor better story but this one has more options to play with your character. Kotor 2 still has a good story just not better than 1st.
76561197974085922,Recommended,208580,17294271,"Posted: 30 July, 2015",all,Khorne,"One of my favorite games of all time.  It tears down everything that Knights of the Old Republic built up and questions some of the core assumptions of the Star Wars universe.  Interesting, well written characters that have their own motivations and don't fit into traditional niches.  The gameplay is more of the same, but it lets you build up your Jedi to be an overpowered god, which is the goal of every RPG derived from D&D.The recent update added support for mods on Steam and modern resolutions.  Make sure to play it with the Restored Content mod."
76561198108785433,Recommended,208580,17301814,"Posted: 30 July, 2015",all,Sergei The Destroyer,♥♥♥♥ing amazing. i had a super mazing silver lightsaber in right hand and a super amazing gold short lighsaber in my left hand. missed every time. 10/10 would miss againthis game is ♥♥♥♥ing amazing tho. took me many hours to complete this.
,Recommended,208580,29082686,Posted: 7 January,all,Commander of ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°),Disney said that this wasn't cannonbut what if Disney isn't cannoneither way it's really fun 10/10
76561198088621460,Recommended,208580,24204078,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,Aquatic_Kyle,Old... but gold
,Recommended,208580,15100982,"Posted: 28 March, 2015",all,NathanX42,This game is ridiculous. I played it due to nostalgia and it served perfectly. Every bit of awesome I remember this game being for the original Xbox was there. Except the load times. I remember the load times being stupidly long. They weren't on the PC.I wasen't able to finish it because I couldn't beat the final boss.I was able to here.Not to mention the replayibilty! So many playthroughs you can do.Lightside? Sure.Darkside? Awesome.Kill your friends? Sure!Total♥♥♥♥♥♥to everyone? That's ok!10/10 nostalgia run best run
,Recommended,208580,10547638,"Posted: 19 June, 2014",all,Kawarama_,one of the best games ive ever played
,Recommended,208580,9462340,"Posted: 13 March, 2014",all,Bobbi Deniro,Classic
,Recommended,208580,28694702,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,JubilantDayz,I've played the game a little bit. It's pretty good.
,Recommended,208580,33848203,Posted: 27 July,all,The Growlanser,"I give this a 8/10. Overall a good game, but not a 10/10 masterpiece like the original."
,Recommended,208580,25478119,"Posted: 12 September, 2016",all,RaidenPSX,"It's bigger, better, longer and more exciting than the first game. Truly a solid game, perfect for anyone who's a fan of Star Wars and RPG's. Only complaint is that the ending could of been better! Other than that it's worth a play, very addicting and engaging!"
,Recommended,208580,25398276,"Posted: 7 September, 2016",all,dead_inside,Very fun and high replay ability.  Totally worth your money and time.
,Recommended,208580,15673930,"Posted: 3 May, 2015",all,Nimraaz,"If you're sick of stupid childish Bioware ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t, try out this awesome self-aware Obsidian craftwork, where the setting serves the story and not the other way around."
76561198054192115,Recommended,208580,31225831,Posted: 18 April,all,chronic.chris,Now i have to beat it on steam
76561198030040582,Recommended,208580,31177025,Posted: 16 April,all,rogering intensifies,>tfw you lived long enough to not want to see KotOR 3>it would have been made by EA with ♥♥♥♥♥♥ ME Andromeda animations and sjw agenda without any comprehensive plotWhy live?KotOR 2 10\10
76561198215730508,Recommended,208580,18042969,"Posted: 15 September, 2015",all,BeefyPotatoes,"""Plays First Game""""Excited For Starting To Play The Second One""""Plays""""Doe'nt Play For 6 Months""""Plays Again""""Horribly Addicted""""Finishes Game""""Horribly Derpessed Cause Of The Ending"""
76561198035126200,Recommended,208580,17163005,"Posted: 21 July, 2015",all,Imaser,"One of my all-time favorites, this game hooked me to the RPG world.  Yes, I was a late arrival.  I actually played this before its preceding GoT Award winning STAR WARS: Knights of the Old Republic (which i played and loved later on).If you haven't played this and you enjoy Star Wars you have been missing out entirely too long."
,Recommended,208580,17162571,"Posted: 21 July, 2015",all,Voconathem Requivent,"I originally bought KOTOR II on Steam to rplay this classic which was one of the best Star Wars games of all time.Recently, the addition of achievements and the Steam workshop has brought me back to this game while making the Restored Content Mod more accessable. As someone who has played this game numerous times in the past I'm happy to see this classic game getting some new love while being ported to Mac and Linux."
,Recommended,208580,26477315,"Posted: 7 November, 2016",all,illusionist,"+Decent story+Improved gameplay+More feats and force powers+Prestige classes+Mandalore-Worse story compared to the first game-Incomplete, in typical Obsidian fashion-Dreadfully boring starting mission on Peragus-Nar Shaddaa somehow even worse than Peragus, playing as Mira put me on suicide watch-Kreia's constant ♥♥♥♥♥ing-Very few decent companions. The game either couldn't make me care less about the rest, or made me hate them-Disappointing boss fights-Malachor V mentioned every 10 ♥♥♥♥in' minutes-ObsidianNot nearly as good as the first game, but still a great game."
76561198202172476,Not Recommended,208580,33656298,Posted: 19 July,all,Charlieboy,I actually love this game and itis oneof my favourite games of all time but this version even with the restored content mod runs awfully and slows to a complete crawl and my character won't move after combat as well this some locations load with mostly black textures even though last year this game ran perfectly for me with no bugs and hardly any frame drops i just hope they patch this soon as i really want to play kotor 2.
,Recommended,208580,17180586,"Posted: 22 July, 2015",all,SHODANFreeman,They patched the game 10 years after launch.
,Recommended,208580,17347870,"Posted: 2 August, 2015",all,Spets21,One of the best star wars games i have ever played. A must have for star wars fan like me :)And after a 10 years have past we get an update. yay lucas arts.... you guys rock.
,Recommended,208580,22767948,"Posted: 2 May, 2016",all,R A N D O M,Worth every dollar. 10/10
,Recommended,208580,22794632,"Posted: 4 May, 2016",all,IrishMTS,"Love this game. Sure, its a little buggy to get it started, but there are plenty of guides to help fix that. Grab the cut content mod from the workshop, its well worh it.Bought this as one of my first games for PC back in the day. Spent an ungodly amount of time on it. When I saw it on steam, I couldn't resist. Would definitely recommend this to anyone."
,Recommended,208580,20104255,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,Saccadon,"Gotta say, I'm impressed, as some people have said bad things about this game. I only bought it to see how it was, as I was a fan of the first KOTOR as a wee lad. ANYWAYThe game is great! It has really well done characters, with great backstories, so if you're into that kinda thing, I really suggest buying this. Other than that, the story itself is pretty good. The combat is alright, nothing much new, it's pretty much the same as the first KOTOR, even though it has a different developer.So, if you're into:Good charactersDecent storiesAlright combatStar WarsThis is the game for you! Just a word of warning to all you people who are into the more ""intimite"" parts of RPGs, the Romance is the one thing Obsidian didn't pull off as well as Bioware."
76561198004195595,Recommended,208580,2217365,"Posted: 10 March, 2013",all,Moon Punisher,"Much like the first , this is also an awesome game."
,Recommended,208580,30968052,Posted: 5 April,all,Spinedrake,"I thought, when I got this game a second time (originally having played on the Xbox HUEG), I had perhaps been having rose-colored glasses remembering it too fondly as one of the best written Bioware (or whatever the studio Jesus Christ give me a break my voice hadn't even broken yet back then) games. If only they had kept those writers for another game that recently came out that rhymes with Ben Affleck: Another Brawny Movie.Anyway, enough of the passive aggressiveness, one reason I had so loved I and II as a child, and more so enjoyed them now since my big boy brain understands themes and superb writing, is how well both I and II handled ""Evil"". Evil is a nebulous concept, yet we can generally point to things and say without a doubt, ""That's evil"", such as many people will say dictators ordering the death of thousands or millions of innocent people are evil, that radicalized religious extremists conducting violence or acts of terror are evil, or that goddamn ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ who kept using a lag switch in ♥♥♥♥ing Halo 3 so you could get the goddamn katana armor but couldn't get ♥♥♥♥ing Mongoose Mowdown, RICK.Got off track, but many games' writers, try as they might (and writing concepts such as evil are not easy) simply miswrite ""Evil"" as just being a murderous♥♥♥♥♥♥ Hitler wasn't a♥♥♥♥♥♥ he was extremely charismatic and most people are willing to say that he or his methodology was evil (Himmler was apparently a♥♥♥♥♥♥though and arguably more evil). Or those cults' leaders that may go into shootouts with police and then immolate their followers to, I don't know, weird♥♥♥♥♥♥Shepard in Crass Defect 2 and 3 for example, was just a♥♥♥♥♥♥ there was nothing evil about him/her, though one can argue that it's ""Paragon and Renegade"", not ""good and evil"", okay I'll give some leeway to that, albeit s(he) had moments where  you can break the nebulousness of ""Evil"" and say, ""yeah that was evil""allowing the Saladman to disseminate a more efficient form of the genophage, for exampleIn my objectively true opinion, the definite, absolute core of what evil is, is corruption. And that is the core of your character in KotOR I and II, you can corrupt these people who've such strong beliefs and philosophies to the side you've chosen just by proving to them your way is correct without coercion or threats, that, is well-written evil. Though I do believe KotOR I did a better job of demonstrating it in action, but it also had an entire section of the game dedicated to a Sith academy.And then there's the Good way too but no one cares about that.I posted a picture of the Darth Maul looking dude in a video game group I'm in on Facebook saying I couldn't remember him, and they thought I was ♥♥♥♥ing memeing, I was serious!Uhh about the actual mechanics, combat is essentially board-game RNG put into 3 dimensional interactive form. AND IF YOU SAY IT'S NOT RNG THEN EXPLAIN HOW I MISSED A LOCKER THREE TIMES WHILE ONLY 2 FEET AWAY WITH A MELEE WEAPON. If you choose light side, the end boss fight is just ♥♥♥♥ing awful; dark side always has better powers, and I didn't like Sass Reject 2, almost at all, everything was orange, and thermal clips is the stupidest ♥♥♥♥ing idea I've ever heard of.This game and its prequel are the epitome of creating a meaningful binary philosophy, and should always be included in game developer type majors in schools to demonstrate how to create a strong narrative.Thanks to the devs for coming back and basically adding all the stuff they didn't get to put into the game at the time it came out, for free as well, unlike some developers, with names rhyming with Berate.Thanks for reading and God bless."
76561198065314603,Recommended,208580,17167491,"Posted: 21 July, 2015",all,ua,greatest game ever made
,Recommended,208580,17325716,"Posted: 31 July, 2015",all,FallbackRaptor7,u like star wars buy it u like rpg's buy it you like a huge story and endless hours of fun buy it caution once you start playing for 3 hours there is no turning back because this will get your butt stuck to your seat more than super glue
,Recommended,208580,17250737,"Posted: 27 July, 2015",all,KasperRT,"Great game, easily worth the money. Good timetraveling machine back to when you where 12 years old, and without worries."
76561198145051318,Recommended,208580,17251056,"Posted: 27 July, 2015",all,Wolfobia,"Grew up playing this game, and to see them give it a big update after ten years is great! It's hard to find good Star Wars games these days, and this one alone beats every ""new"" Star Wars game by a long shot. They don't make Star Wars like they used to! So don't let The Old Republic ruin you on a Star Wars RPG expierence, because unlike that one, this one is worth your money.....and not utter crap."
,Recommended,208580,34926808,Posted: 13 September,all,Verdantil,Tags: 1PRPG - First Person RoleplayingTroubleshooting Note: Some old bioware games require frame buffer effects disabled on newer version of windows to past the menu. Go in video options on the menu to find that option
,Recommended,208580,17329223,"Posted: 1 August, 2015",all,Robbi,"Oldie but Goldie,es ist immer wieder schön das solche alten Spiele noch fast fehlerfrei auf dem neuem System laufen+ Widescreen+ Steam Achievements+ Steam Cloud Save+ Mod für Auswahl zwischen Mira und Hanharr- Nach wie vor Bug nach manchen Kämpfen, Charakter freezed"
,Recommended,208580,32817099,Posted: 26 June,all,Ruby Soho,do you like star warsdo you like intelligent writing and cool charactershere's the game for you bud
,Recommended,208580,23712152,"Posted: 22 June, 2016",all,Solaire the Streetwise,"Star Wars were pretty simple and straightforward science fantasy action movies. Mostly. Except for those needlessly convoluted, idiotic prequels.KotOR takes the whole world of Star Wars and puts things into perspective; it's no longer just a story about wacky aliens and robots, sassy space pirates, talking carpets and laser-sword-wielding wizards who rally under the banners of Good and Evil so that they might distinguish who's fighting who and whether they like sand or not.Gameplay-wise, KotOR is an action RPG, resemblant of Neverwinter Nights and other D&D-based RPGs. Upon character creation you pick one of the three classes, resembling the Warrior, Rogue and Mage archetypes, each with their own array of skills. Dialogue system gives you several options on how you can handle the talking with the game characters, you have to weigh your options and sometimes put your skills to use to achieve the desired results. The combat consists of round after round of skill/power/item usage or simply watching your characters trade auto-attacks with the enemy. As solid as the gameplay may be, the story and the writing is where KotOR really shines.In KotOR, even the most basic RPG mechanics such as murdering thousands of creatures, and assembling a party to become stronger, are questioned. What moral right do you have to take people's lives, even if you seek to protect others?Why certain characters are drawn to you, seemingly eager to follow your orders? What events will you set in motion by touching with their lives? What gives you the right to shape the world around you as you see fit?Is it the mysterious Force, an ability to wield a lightsaber and throw things with the sheer power of will?No. It's not just about the Force. It works in numerous, mysterious ways, and it is a great ally. However, it is just a part of what life really is.Lightsaber is not your life either, it's just an instrument. Or perhaps, a weapon. Lightsabers, codes of Jedi, teachings of Sith, the Force — these things alone do not shape a person.The Force may be the single greatest power in the universe. And sometimes, you have to turn yourself away from the Force to see the world around you for what it really is."
,Recommended,208580,7745060,"Posted: 25 November, 2013",all,Ultima Ratio Regum,"Good story which peters out toward the end, but overall would have been superior to the first KotOR if not for this and the bugs which were never fixed."
76561198280679598,Recommended,208580,22805111,"Posted: 4 May, 2016",all,The OG Hugh Neutron,"Got this right before a sale. I could have saved 8 bucks. I don't give a crap. This game is awesome. I got this one on accident and never played the first one, but it is still amazing. It's like if Sam and Max and GTA teamed up with The Force Unleashed and Fallout to make this awesome game."
76561198125168612,Not Recommended,208580,29096216,Posted: 7 January,all,"MR. Poopie Bu77H0L3 ""O0o WEe!""","DO NOT BUY FROM STEAM! Too many glitches/ crashes. After playing for about an hour, my character would be deleted from all the SAVED/LOAD slots, having to make a new character from the VERY START."
,Recommended,208580,10056822,"Posted: 8 May, 2014",all,Epudds,"The story isn't as good as the first game but the wide range of armour, weapons, feats and powers makes up for it. There are a lot of glitches in this game because Obsidian was rushed to finish it (I believe) but you can download a community created patch that fixed all the issues and restores somethings in the source code."
76561198028608392,Recommended,208580,8016558,"Posted: 12 December, 2013",all,Rosh,Top 10 Games.
76561198004158992,Recommended,208580,7795817,"Posted: 27 November, 2013",all,SoHungover,Honnestly one of the best RPG ever made IMO.Add the Sith Lords Restored Content mod and you have one hell of a RPG.In Star Wars universe... how could it get better ?
,Recommended,208580,31519179,Posted: 2 May,all,Jonttunen,It's one of the best Star Wars games of all time.
76561198021401043,Recommended,208580,17169542,"Posted: 22 July, 2015",all,TheHatman,Its KOTOR2. of course its a thumbs up
,Recommended,208580,9373624,"Posted: 7 March, 2014",all,Feros,good
76561198015276033,Recommended,208580,17187329,"Posted: 23 July, 2015",all,MustardTiger,Four hours in and already grey and ♥♥♥♥♥♥ looking.  10/10 would Sith again
,Recommended,208580,6308668,"Posted: 3 February, 2013",all,Aurelian,"This is a great RPG game, you dont need much processing power and it has a really long storyline and many side quests."
,Recommended,208580,13629260,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,WordWeaver,420/blaze it
,Recommended,208580,13450290,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,Evil Stifler,I would say this is the best star wars I've ever played. no regrets.
76561198093430303,Recommended,208580,10992762,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,EndCallCaesar,"This is a fantastic game, There is Plenty of lore to digest, you don't need to be a Star Wars fan to enjoy the game. I used to own it for the Xbox Original before buying it on steam. I'm really glad to see it on the market, it's worth every penny. The game is full of choices, consequences, and action. You choices have an effect not only on the plot but your companions as well. The only issue I have ever faced is that at times, it may be confusing as to what you'll need to do next in the story, Aside from that the game is great."
76561198097061959,Recommended,208580,12517646,"Posted: 16 October, 2014",all,Z_R00KIE,"Great game for all Star Wars fans, and a excellent RPG. Gameplay was a little boring trying to get info from NPCs but other than that it was awesome!"
76561198122283929,Recommended,208580,17150243,"Posted: 20 July, 2015",all,wolf & spice,very good game
76561198138546438,Recommended,208580,17367758,"Posted: 3 August, 2015",all,BeepBopTheRobot,"Great grame, Mac and Linux ports need a bit of fixing with the shaders, and shdows though."
,Recommended,208580,14755568,"Posted: 5 March, 2015",all,WildKarrde,The better of the two games; It doesn't have Jennifer Hale in it
,Recommended,208580,9198978,"Posted: 20 February, 2014",all,Palpy,They did an ok job i think they rushed this one the first one was great but this one is still awesome in its self also try the tsl restire mod it adds more to the game that the games creaters took out
,Recommended,208580,19549255,"Posted: 7 December, 2015",all,SajBear,"It's super good. So much Star Wars and so much RPG, Obsidian rocks!"
,Recommended,208580,13866570,"Posted: 6 January, 2015",all,TeamSpartan,Havnt played this game in years! but its an absolute beaut
76561198054894548,Recommended,208580,30114778,Posted: 23 February,all,SeraphBoiii,yeee
,Recommended,208580,22536510,"Posted: 20 April, 2016",all,bo77om,"replayable af. the second SW game after kotor 1. loved it more that predecessor cause you have Visas here. I think she's hotter than Bastilla, but you know,10 dirty meatbags out of 10"
76561198003254158,Recommended,208580,23551691,"Posted: 14 June, 2016",all,Seroka,"The graphics may be aged, the gameplay may be simple, but the writing is the best you will find within the Star Wars universe.This is one my favourite Star Wars games, and RPGs in general. The story of the exile returning to the galaxy alongside her mysterious teacher is IMHO the greatest, and most morally complex story within the Star Wars universe. It may not be as epic as the movies, or even the first KOTOR, but it explores more themes and asks more questions than any of these.Additionally, the game is excellently supported, and was even given achievements and technical updates something like 10 years after its original release. Magnificent. Mod support from Steam Workshop also makes it easy to install mods such as Restored Content Mod, that is basically mandatory for the ending to make any sense. It restores a lot of cut content, that never made it in due time constraints."
,Recommended,208580,17168453,"Posted: 21 July, 2015",all,B!,The best game ever.
,Recommended,208580,10028450,"Posted: 5 May, 2014",all,Qu'est-ce que sauvé?,"A good game. Had it's problems though, like bugs and missing content due to a rushed release.Bright side? There is an unofficial patch somewhere online that remedies most of said bugs and even restores some missing content."
76561198301750924,Recommended,208580,30675368,Posted: 22 March,all,meeeech o,i beat this game at least a dozen times. please make more star wars games like this.
,Recommended,208580,10374744,"Posted: 6 June, 2014",all,simurgh559,"A masterpiece just like its predecessor in terms of graphics and gameplay, the darker tone of this title will captivate you just as much as the atmosphere of the first game. 100/100"
,Recommended,208580,10180543,"Posted: 20 May, 2014",all,＿？,Just stop playing when you reach shadowmoon valley
76561198055940108,Recommended,208580,17168666,"Posted: 22 July, 2015",all,Insanity,May the Force be with you. Always.
,Recommended,208580,8186325,"Posted: 21 December, 2013",all,Bobby Boucher,Make sure you update the game via team gizka 1.8.2 mod.
,Recommended,208580,17169851,"Posted: 22 July, 2015",all,zyrums,"Great Game, great update and additional content.  If you have played it, now is the time to take another spin.  If you haven't, no time like the present."
,Recommended,208580,11099827,"Posted: 6 July, 2014",all,DudeDesigns,"The rushed sequel to KotOR is actually my favorite to play. I know. Shocking right?Being a straight follow up to Knights 1, The Sith Lords continues 4 years later. Your character has been exiled from the Force and you must reconnect through the wonderous art of adventure.The gameplay remains more or less the same as the first game, but it's a lot more streamlined. The locations in the game I feel are bit better designed (at least in my opinion), and are far less tedious to play than Knights 1 areas are. (Everyone hates Mannan).Although the game is almost the same as Knights 1, the game has some techincal downsides. The first is lack of widescreen support. Knights 1 has this issue too, but it can be patched in if you use the original disc version of the .exe file. You can find a widescreen patcher via google. The downside to this though, is that the original bugs in the game that are patched in the Steam version, will be back in full force if you implement that fix. Although they are still rather rare to come across.You should also save scum the ♥♥♥♥ out of this game. Rushed development has caused bugs, and one of the most noted is the save corruption glitch. Although much more prevelant in the Xbox version of the game, there have been instances of it happening on the PC version, although it hasn't happened to me yet.Secondly, a lot of the game's quests are actually simple fetch quests glorified around the fact that you go to not only Point A and B, but also Point C and even D. Various loop and grind quests are here where as Knights 1 had a bit more variation.All things aside though, Knights 2 is my favorite game. The characters you meet in your party are memorable in my opinion. The scoundral Atton Rand remains one of my favorite characters from this game series, and there is so much you can do with your party. Your actions and how you treat them will decide how they react to you. Being a♥♥♥♥♥♥and doing dark side things will make them fall to the dark side, but being courageous, kind hearted, and nice to them will shift them to the light side.All this drastically changes their dialogue trees, and some party members might even just flat out stop responding to you if you do the wrong thing.Knights 2 is I'm pretty sure as long, if not longer than Knights 1. It's not a game you are going to be picking up and finishing in one day. This game requires your dedication to time to play and enjoy. The hours shown on my play counter don't lie, it really is a game that will need devotion of time to enjoy.If you enjoyed the first game, you'll love the second. All of the main Star Wars games that remain in my disc collection to this day are availible via Steam, and this is one you should grab. Even if you aren't a Star Wars fan, this game is still a master class in RPG game archeo-types, and it really deserves to be in your library."
76561198072589556,Recommended,208580,10993032,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,mr popo,"A really great game, definatly deserves the score and it's probably one of the best RPGs of all time. Very close to being as good as the first one. Though... There are some problems with it. I don't know if this is the game in general since it was rushed (We'll get to that later) or just steam in general but when I first started it, it kept crashing. ALLOT. It may not act up for you if you have windows XP, or vista, but anything above 7 you probably will experiance crashing. How I found to fix it, is go into your options and fix your resolution. If you have an HD monitor, having it play below HD will cause it to crash, aswell as having it 1080p if you have a 720p monitor. Long story short, just use the resolution your screen was meant for. I also oddly experianced frame rate drops from around a solid 35 FPS to around 15 when I was around smoke or fog. There might be an option for it, but I never bothered. Also, a downside is in some cutscenes, and even for a few characters in game from time to time, the audio was completely gone. Like some others have said, it doesn't have the ""full audio"" checked off, but that's not a game breaker.  The story itself is suprisingly good, before I got it I'd heard allot of hate on the game. It's not bad, I actually really enjoyed the story except it felt a bit... rushed. In some places you'd have a very slow intense buildup, then all of a sudden you'd be rushed through waves of enemies and boom. You're done with the mission. It was somewhat annoying. Also, devolopment with other characters is really screwy... Some characters are completely numb, and the others that you can devolop a close relationship for, you seem to never have the time for it. To devolop a relationship with a character you need to gain influence, the best way to gain influence is to appeal to them while they are traveling with you. You can only have two other people with you, and you'll soon find that some characters hold themselves in combat FAR better then others. The combat is as smooth as ever and you'll use the same tactics from one, nothing has really changed in that aspect. Yet it's far from the first. In the first KOTOR you'd be fighting both sith and jedi, having epic lightsaber battles. You do have a lightsaber, and some of your companions can use a lightsaber and the force, but it doesnt feel right. Lightsabers are meant to fight other lightsabers, though throught the whole game (Untill the litteral last part) Maybe like... 12 people? Yeah, around 12 will have lightsabers. They compensate for this by having these ""Sith assasins"" that use staffs to make up for it, but they throw them in WAVES AND WAVES AND WAVES; to the point where it just becomes a damned chore to fight them.The very begining planet, is very slow, which is nice since it teaches the new people to play, but if you are like me and have played the original hundreds of hours you will get frustrated with it. The game is great, but the devoloper obsidian was rushed to produce it, so allot of things fall flat, and many things that should be in place. aren't. There's a mod to fix this, called the restored content mod, which even adds a new planet and hours upon hours of new content to enrich the story, you may want to check that out.Overall I got about 30 hours out of the main storyline and some important sidequests, I didint finish all the sidequests, so adding those would probably add another two or three. Also this game brings back the 'organic meatbag' slaughtering HK-47, so that's a plus on its side.All in all heres an overviewStory: 9/10Combat: 7/10Character Devolopment: 6/10Customization: 7/10Replayability: 6/10Overall, I'd give it a 7.5/10 If it's on sale, pick it up. But I wouldn't be too keen on buying it full price, even though it is ten dollars, for that you should either buy the original KOTOR if you don't own it, or one of the Jedi Knight games. Those are good."
76561198016729511,Recommended,208580,12692991,"Posted: 30 October, 2014",all,hartmann256,Excellent game. A must have!
76561198105655150,Recommended,208580,12718085,"Posted: 31 October, 2014",all,EmyDemi,"When the first Kotor game came out, from what I've read of professional reviews, professional reveiwers and fans considered it revolutionary and awarded it high praise.  Naturally, when a sequel was announced high hopes were set and the community seemed to be disappointed.The problem with TSL is that it was rushed for a Christmas release so much of the content was cut.  Yeah, cutting out extra side missions might not have been that big of a problem.  But areas that would have major characters interact or provide some sort of explanation were cut (ex. an area involving the HK factory on Telos was cut, a fight between Nihlus and Sion were cut, interactions between Atton or the Disciple and Sion - I can't remember whether it was Atton or the Disciple - were cut, a possible scene towards the end that would've been more fulfilling comared to the current ending we have now with Kreia was cut).  Sure there are mods to restore cut content but I don't think it's the same.  First impressions are the most important, and unfortunately TSL didn't create as good of one as its predecessor.That being said, I do enoy playing through TSL.  I won't add any more spoilers but I can say that I find the plot interesting, as well as the support characters.  There was, it seems a bit of fan service, *ahem* *Atton* *cough* *Han* *hack**Mandolre* but I can deal with it.  It's a fond memory of my childhood despite its slight shortcomings.All in all, I would give this a shaky 3/5."
76561198053161501,Recommended,208580,11119980,"Posted: 7 July, 2014",all,Psykho of Borg,♥♥♥♥ing Lightsabers. Enough said.
,Recommended,208580,15775064,"Posted: 10 May, 2015",all,Mr.Pink,"Bought this on sale after not playing it since release, stands the test of time.  After reading a few reviews on Steam I also downloaded The Sith Lords Restored Content Mod -- 10/10 would download again."
,Recommended,208580,15690912,"Posted: 4 May, 2015",all,Ya Boi Chris,"Great fun! A lot like the first but improvements, not as glitchy on Windows 8.1! YAY"
,Recommended,208580,15430056,"Posted: 18 April, 2015",all,Zamasu,"I love this game! If you played the first game, you HAVE to play the sequel"
76561198149224736,Recommended,208580,15780948,"Posted: 10 May, 2015",all,ReapingXP,"This game has always held a special place in my heart.  IMO, the story, characters, and wars, had so much better story and characters than current timeline with Luke Skywalker and then Anakin Skywalker. Getting back on topic, the game was rushed so it is highly recommended that those playing it should get the complete version. Otherwise not only will you be missing some very cool dialogue that I wished was there normally, but less bugs will ruin your day. Without the mod the game would be an 8/10. With the mod the game is a 9/10. If a movie comes out and does justice for the Old Republic I would give a 10/10."
76561197973952918,Recommended,208580,17157570,"Posted: 21 July, 2015",all,blu_light16,"As a fan of the first Knights of the Old Republic, I don't know why I skipped out on the sequel until 2015. It's a good thing I finally played it: KOTOR II: The Sith Lords is a deep, thought-provoking experience and a worthy follow-up to its famous predecessor.Known for feeling less like Star Wars because of its many shades of gray, KOTOR II has you search for answers about your past while playing as a fugitive of sorts, the supposed “last jedi knight” that Sith all over the galaxy are eager to capture. You pick up a number of colorful companions along the way, and it is these characters and their nuanced perspectives that form the backbone of the story. The gameplay is much the same as the first Knights of the Old Republic: pausable real-time RPG combat, with tons of force powers and weapons to experiment with. Playing with the restored content mod (a piece of cake to install), I encountered very few bugs, but some of the new content stuck out like a sore thumb; I thought, “Yep, that was added in later.”Even with the fixes, KOTOR II still has some lingering flaws. The graphics have not aged well, and the game drags in places due to excessively large environments, minimal guidance (not clear where you need to go next) and too much dialogue. It's all well-written, yes, but trimming it down would have helped the pacing by making events proceed faster. As it is, the game feels too long at 40 hours, and I probably won't be playing it again any time soon.It's still totally worth it, though. KOTOR II is a very good RPG that I'm glad I finally got around to, and it feels good to know that quality content like this is available on Steam at such a low price.(Rating: 8/10 “Very Good”)"
76561198204457872,Recommended,208580,15707647,"Posted: 5 May, 2015",all,Voracious Vreig,what are you looking at?[force persuade] give me all your credits and jump off that railmakes sense fastest way to the ground that way
76561198150702653,Recommended,208580,15779354,"Posted: 10 May, 2015",all,chrisnbuchanan,"UPDATE JULY 2015:The game has now received a major patch, 10 years after the release, which is crazy! This makes it easier to recommend, since the patch allows you to play in higher screen resolutions, has a neat selection of achievements and most imprortantly allows the Steam version to install the famous Restored Content Mod. This replaces a significant amount of the cut scenes and dialogue, thus improving the story a great deal.n.b. - neither the patch nor the mod fixes the litany of bugs that plague KotOR 2 (some of which can be game breaking). 'The Sith Lords' remains an unfinished game and something of a chore to run - but what works is still very high quality, and now there is more of it.====ORIGINAL REVIEW:====Knights of the Old Republic 2 had an extremely hard act to follow (Bioware's original is damn near perfect) and very little time to do it in. That a game this good was written and put together in only a year speaks volumes about Obsidian's skill with role-playing and story.Gameplay, graphics, sound and pesentation are near identical to KotOR. Though little improvements have been added everywhere from the voice acting to the design of the Jedi robes, it almost feels like a very compehensive mod more than a game of its own. But KotOR's strength is the immersive, rich adventure it adds to the Star Wars mythology, and this sequel wisely puts all of its effort into the same area, with impressive results.The plot follows immediately from the original (playing the sequel first is not recommended) and follows a similar structure and creates a similar lead character, but the much darker, more thoughtful tone becomes apparent immediately and just keeps growing. The great strength of KotOR 2 is its cast of characters - especially your mysterious mentor Kreia and sidekick-with-a-past Atton. These two (and a few others) are written and played with a subtlety and depth that the first game lacks even in its best moments, and manage to create a rivalry between the two games. KotOR is consistently fantastic, but KotOR 2 has moments of something better. It's a more cerebral, more thematic, sober affair than almost any other Star Wars story out there, and all the better for it. Where the first game apes the films to a fault, the sequel is compellingly unique.It can't be denied that the game is buggy, inconsistent in its difficulty, tone and plot, very linear in places and has a very flawed ending (developers have admitted having to cut large sections to meet unreasonable deadlines) to the point of its last hour being barely compehensible. The first 90% of the game is solid, but newcomers should expect some headscratching during the endgame. It's not a gamebreaker, but it does marr (ha) the overall product.Its confusing cliffhanger ending was eventually resolved in a disappointing novel from Del Rey, but the game itself may leave you frustrated. That said, the not-quite-finished product is packed with exceptional characters, moments of brilliant dialogue and world-building, and the overall gameplay remains great fun. The game experiments a little too, helping to develop the Bioware-style RPG model: you are able to train followers to become Jedi knights, for example, strongly effecting their character arc and role in gameplay. Some missions require you to play without your party, or without your player character. Puzzles often require creativity and thought and can have multiple outcomes.For fans of quality RPG writing and those looking for a darker, more pensive Star Wars - and especially for those who enjoyed KotOR - it's an easy recommend.Expect broken rooms, missing voice files and a deeply confusing plot. But for a year's work, it's amazing."
76561198049699422,Recommended,208580,15782720,"Posted: 10 May, 2015",all,Ayrton Neff,"This game follows the same guideline principles that the first KOTOR created, while giving the story a massive update in writing (basically they didn't write it to be like a Saturday morning cartoon). Aside from the great story you get updated gameplay that still holds well today, as well as new classes and better interactions with your party members. Overall this is a great buy and should set the standard for future star wars entries."
,Recommended,208580,15790709,"Posted: 11 May, 2015",all,Shadowhelm,"Finally, a sequel that surpassed it's parent.Obsidian have proven themselves to be just as exceptional at storytelling as BioWare.Not only is it refreshingly different than the prequel, but in some regards,they actually managed to make it better.9/10"
76561198021308169,Recommended,208580,16521204,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,Shovel Lover,"Disembowel me, if you please, but I still think this one is better than the first KOTOR."
,Recommended,208580,15619858,"Posted: 30 April, 2015",all,wolfheart303,"The first KOTOR is the reason I bought an Xbox. It was cheaper than a PC, and my roomate had gotten me hooked. It was one of the most enjoyable gaming experiences I'd had. Now that I'm back on a PC, I decided to pick up KOTOR 1 & 2 on a Steam sale. Boy, am I ever glad that I did.This game, in particular, really caught the struggle of a Jedi trying to do what's right, despite the over-bearing Council and their antiquated view of having white vs. black ideals. It is a study in what it means to be Jedi or Sith, showing an overwhelming need for thinking more skewed towards the gray. It was once said that only Sith deal in absolutes, but this duo of games prove that is not the case. It is as much the harbingers of the Light as those of the Dark that are to blame for the state of things in the galaxy; the death, suffering, and loss included.Each side seeks to eliminate the other to bring about balance. Absolutes of Light and Dark, by their very nature, forbid balance. Balance can only be achieved if both exist... or neither.This story is worth your $10.Mastered the Light Side and stopped the death of the Force, 11/10 will play ad nauseum."
,Recommended,208580,17181447,"Posted: 22 July, 2015",all,MrNarrator,"This game is one of my favorite RPGs much like its predocessor KotOR. Now with the Steam workshop update allowing for the Restored Content Mod, I think everyone will enjoy the game better. It TRULY makes the game more enjoyable, but regardless of it's missing story peices, it is still a timeless game I can play again and again."
,Recommended,208580,15806691,"Posted: 12 May, 2015",all,southparkdudez,"This is one of the best RPGs of all time, one of the best games of all time, and one of the Best, maybe THE BEST star wars game of all time. The characters are wonderful and layered deep. The gameplay is tactical and you can create anytype of character you want(mostly force based but hey wanna use blasters use them). Get this game and KOTOR 1 you won't regret it."
,Recommended,208580,17177220,"Posted: 22 July, 2015",all,General Maximus (Nomad),Best old school RPG ever! I have this game and both Witcher 2 and 3 in my top 5 games ever made!
,Recommended,208580,14280863,"Posted: 1 February, 2015",all,Dreddwish,A Must have for any KOTOR fan!
,Recommended,208580,4122958,"Posted: 8 September, 2012",all,SanityKeeper,A classic for every RPG fan.
,Recommended,208580,13114162,"Posted: 27 November, 2014",all,『THE THINKER』,"Better gameplay than KOTOR 1, but a ""rushed"" storyline leaves the ending somewhat unsatisfied."
,Recommended,208580,11668949,"Posted: 11 August, 2014",all,Voxelleaf,"This game is absolutely amazing, although I don;t have a lot of hours put in on steam! I originally had it for the Xbox Original and I can't say how many hours I put in, so much enterainment though out each playthrough keep in mind its either you be a♥♥♥♥♥♥or you don't, It's you choice how the game turns out!"
76561198059721126,Recommended,208580,17175932,"Posted: 22 July, 2015",all,Haskex,One of the brest RPG's I have ever played.  but only play it with TRCM.  M4-78 is good too.
76561198023969403,Recommended,208580,17191550,"Posted: 23 July, 2015",all,stupid moron,"Updated after 10 years for some reason, but still a great sequel to my favorite game ever. Added support for resolution up to 5K and mod support."
,Recommended,208580,17191061,"Posted: 23 July, 2015",all,AugmentedApril,"best star wars game ever. however new update broke the game for me, it wont even load up."
,Recommended,208580,31776540,Posted: 15 May,all,Buldinn 🐏 (That Sheep),"I wish there was an ""indifferent"" choice for reccommendations....A great classic game with amazing mechanics and story (for it's time).It's graphics have been enhanced but thats not the reason I play these type of games anyway, though I've never really thought these graphics were top notch even when it came out.Really, the only thing I dont care for are the controls. Very clunky with an outdated system meant for consoles originally...It really cleared up my rose tinted glasses though."
76561198037645022,Recommended,208580,14138138,"Posted: 23 January, 2015",all,imrathan,This game is great one of the best story lines in the star wars lore. The first one was a bit better though in my opinion but this was a great sequal. You may need to get the fix mod for this though sometimes it does not run to well.
76561197970547186,Recommended,208580,17164045,"Posted: 21 July, 2015",all,[...]Deltrex,Awesome Game
,Recommended,208580,17164178,"Posted: 21 July, 2015",all,duffman808,NOW with workshop support for the two mods that make it the best star wars game evergo buy it now. KOTOR 3 yes we can
76561198058829334,Recommended,208580,17174226,"Posted: 22 July, 2015",all,LordCalrizzle,"The KOTOR games are the reason why I love being a Star Wars fan - rich story, exciting combat, and phenomenal world design. KOTOR II improves on the gameplay found in the first game, adding new feats, force powers, animations, prestige classes and most noteably the influence system, all of which heighten immersion into the Star Wars universe.KOTOR II is one of my favourite games of all time, and this new update by Aspyr has allowed me to enjoy it on my PC's native resolution for the first time in years! Now I can finally transition from playing it on a disc from 2005 to enjoying it in 5K on Steam.Highly reccommend this game to Star Wars fans and fans of the RPG genre in general. 10/10!!!"
76561197985430650,Recommended,208580,17174662,"Posted: 22 July, 2015",all,Bad Sushi,"Darker, smarter and deeper than it's predecessor in terms of story and character development. The Sith Lords takes Star Wars into a very different direction. Some of Obsidian's best work."
76561198021362715,Recommended,208580,17182909,"Posted: 22 July, 2015",all,The Fedorable Dr. Pancakez,"One of the very best Star Wars games, and possibly even RPGS. Thanks to Lucasfilm wanting Christmas money this game was rushed, and a lot of the story had to be cut, even the the audio lines for most of the game were already made. Obsidian was smart and kept those audio files and some of the incomplete areas in some game files. Some modders were able to recreate and add this content over the years, and thanks to the recent Steam workshop support, it is even easier to download these two mods. With the restoration mod, the game is transformed into one of the most well written and thought provoking games that I have ever played. While the first one serves as an excellent homage to the original movies, Kotor II takes the Star Wars formula and flips it over and asks questions morality never seen in a Star Wars game, or any other meda. Absoletely timeless."
76561198031383772,Recommended,208580,17183187,"Posted: 22 July, 2015",all,Revanaught,"Ignore my time, I've played this for well over a hundred hours on the original discs.  Yes, discs, plural.While not nessicarily as good as the original, KotoR 2 is still fantastic.  This is actually one of the games that transfered me from console to PC, so it holds a special place in my heart.  Without a doubt get the restored content mod, it adds most of the content that was cut from the final product, which just makes the game more amazing than it already was.  If you like good stories with good characters, you'll like this game."
76561198160895202,Recommended,208580,17214034,"Posted: 24 July, 2015",all,flyingturtlegod,The update is glorious and being able to play the game 10 years later with the restored content thanks to the Mods in the workshop makes t all the more beautyful.
76561198122255280,Recommended,208580,17219563,"Posted: 25 July, 2015",all,Mozart9200,Pros:- Amazing plot- More force powers than Kotor1- Mira is hotCons:- Still some small graphical issues on Linux but hey... until a week ago we had to play this with emulators!
,Recommended,208580,17220623,"Posted: 25 July, 2015",all,Snow,"Probably one of the best Star Wars games out there. And a great RPG.But don't get me wrong, this game has a huge amount of bugs that still take you out of the experience.Nevertheless it is enjoyable and with the latest patch, the mods for this game have become more native and you don't have to mess around in any other way to find a way for them to work.I recommend."
,Recommended,208580,17215543,"Posted: 24 July, 2015",all,MercBer,"Played this on xbox a couple times. Played it through steam a couple times. Totally random, overdue and amazing update... going to play through this a couple times."
,Recommended,208580,17164940,"Posted: 21 July, 2015",all,ToastGhost,Amazing writing and morality questions. Got me thinking so much more than most games do and I loved every second of it. Restored content mod is really a must have. I'm excited to see more workshop items in the future!
76561197975912284,Recommended,208580,17164198,"Posted: 21 July, 2015",all,Doktor Jadolerr,"Highly recommend this, one of the most well written RPGs I have ever played.  As others noted, the restored content is a must, do not play with out it."
,Recommended,208580,17216906,"Posted: 25 July, 2015",all,Kirk \\ EmperoR [ TK ],"Classic from the get go, following up Star Wars Knights of The Old Republic in true class, both will go down in history as two of the greatest RPGs to date. Must own for any Star Wars fan or RPG fan-alike, whilst it may not be mandatory it is strongly suggested to get The Sith Lords Restored Content Mod (TSLRCM) highly rich in story telling, gameplay and mechanics almost perfect 9/10"
76561198091963636,Recommended,208580,17164773,"Posted: 21 July, 2015",all,Creative Letters,"Game is awesome. Beat it over 10 times on Vanilla. Beat it well over 50 times with TSLRCM, M4-78 mods, and a few other mods that restore the content of the game. over 9000/10. GET IT."
,Recommended,208580,17182926,"Posted: 22 July, 2015",all,BrandoBanando,"This game is amazing, I played hours and hours when it came out on the original xbox. Pc version is even better with the graphics and the extra content. I love this game and I recommend it to anybody who is either a star wars fan or a RPG fan. You will have hours of fun and will be able to replay the game multiple times. It is an old game. I personally like this game more than recent RPG's. One of the best games I have ever played."
,Recommended,208580,11502657,"Posted: 1 August, 2014",all,Scooter,ok i have to say i'm a NOOB! and ihave to admit these controls are the best and that is coming from a xbox 360 player so if you love star war and you love playing games this is the right game for you! DOUBLE LIGHT SABERS FOR LIFE!!!
,Recommended,208580,17179799,"Posted: 22 July, 2015",all,Guru,"Updated after 10 years of being released, now works on current PC's at correct refresh rates and resolutions.Star Wars fans rejoice, your game is back."
76561198105650917,Recommended,208580,17163619,"Posted: 21 July, 2015",all,Darrell231,Simply put the greatest RPG I have ever played.Some of the Pros-Takes the Stars Wars universe and flips it on its head-Kreia is the greatest NPC in gaming.-Your actions truly have an effect.-You can make your crew sith or jedi. No one is incoruptible.-HK-47-Great companions with interesting stories-Interesting planets to explore-A wide array of force powers-The best story ever told in the Star Wars universeCons-Don't play without the restored content mod. Just don't do it.All in all far better in my opinion than the first game. Obsidian shows us how its done.10/10
76561198061439114,Recommended,208580,17163337,"Posted: 21 July, 2015",all,Not_Good_At_This_Game,Yes! YES! A thousand times YESSS!!!!!
76561198058699167,Recommended,208580,17162465,"Posted: 21 July, 2015",all,Adoring Fan,Wait... WAIT A MINUTE! WORKSHOP SUPPORT WAS JUST ADDED TO THIS ALREADY AMAZING RPG!? 10/10. Time to save the galaxy with Gaben! MUAHAHAHAHA
76561198018813782,Recommended,208580,17163191,"Posted: 21 July, 2015",all,indn123,"Is it better than the first? It doesn't matter! If you liked KOTOR, you'll very much enjoy the sequel.The battle system has changed little, though the addition of fighting styles and character roles helps deepen some of the strategy.The character customization is deeper than before with a wider array of weapon parts and skills/feats/powers that help you build perfectly for your play-style.The best part of the game, much like the first, is the story. While KOTOR II's story doesn't quite make as much sense and starts to unravel at the end, the characters are compelling and various mysteries surrounding the crew do a lot to keep one engaged throughout the game.KOTOR is one of the best games of all time. KOTOR II doesn't quite match its predecessor pace for pace, but it is still a premium title with plenty to offer if you're looking for more KOTOR."
76561197970199507,Recommended,208580,17162687,"Posted: 21 July, 2015",all,jomacho,Classical RPG with D&D like gameplay. Great Star Wars story and lots of chances and possibilites as you progress that will affect the world. I'd say it's like good old Neverwinter Nights saga with lightsabers and droids!
,Recommended,208580,17162642,"Posted: 21 July, 2015",all,Magnesium Silicate,"With the recent surprise patch this has become the definitive version of Knights of the Old Republic II. It features controller support, high resolution support (upto 4k). Lastly, with the respected and oft-recommended ""Restored Content Modification"" (TSLRCM) available easily in the workshop, the game can be restored as close to the developers original intent as possible with only a few clicks of the mouse.Definately worth playing if you haven't already, worth repurchasing if you had a retail version and want to play through it again in widescreen high-resolution."
,Recommended,208580,17163498,"Posted: 21 July, 2015",all,Roxas,best game ever buy now
,Recommended,208580,13893360,"Posted: 8 January, 2015",all,Nigel Sheldon,"Excellent mix of tactical game play with wonderfully fleshed out RPG narrative.In retrospect a better game than Bioware's KotOR, grey morality, dynamic and interesting characters, great set pieces and sometimes breathtaking atmosphere.A must play for any fan of the genre or franchise."
,Recommended,208580,11043473,"Posted: 2 July, 2014",all,[Sun_Bro] Lemx,One of the best games ever!!
,Recommended,208580,11268535,"Posted: 16 July, 2014",all,Tourettes Tyler,Probably one of the greatest games i have ever played.   like my god.
76561198013378730,Recommended,208580,10625981,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,MarioGomez,10/10 great Star Wars experiance!
,Recommended,208580,22655823,"Posted: 26 April, 2016",all,Broom,Love this game to death
,Recommended,208580,28131723,"Posted: 1 December, 2016",all,Arpaneck,"This is probably the second best game of all times (first being KOTOR 1) and it ran fine on MAC OS X. You can skip right to this game from the first one, but I would recommend playing the first one because there are some references that can only be understood if you play the first game.42/21"
,Recommended,208580,23891245,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,Mashishi,Amazing sequel to an amzing game. Star Wars games usually... don't do very well... But this! This is amazing!!!@!@!@!@!!!
,Recommended,208580,20139481,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,InvictuS,"I set out to become a Jedi that the Jedi Order would take back with open arms.  Somewhere along the line.....I must have said the wrong thing.  I ended up killing the Jedi Order, killing the Siths, killing my master...Now I rule the Republic."
,Recommended,208580,12225413,"Posted: 24 September, 2014",all,Knight-Captain Biscuit,
76561197991319692,Recommended,208580,21484469,"Posted: 26 February, 2016",all,Buggs,"I'd say it was better than Lucas' work but then you would probably think I was talking about running headfirst into a wall...It is amazing, just make sue you get the restored content mod from the Steam community which fixes the bugs and adds missing content as it was hindered at release by the publisher.Shwoom, shwoom shwoom!"
76561198096040274,Recommended,208580,10651300,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,A Cup Of Sarcasm,"10/10! Litteraly my favorite game. I played this game for hours on my old PC. It is a shame that you cannot enable v-sync on it though. Takes away from the experience. Still a wild adventure, I definetly reccomend for any Star Wars Fan/Nerd. :)"
76561197990463699,Recommended,208580,10892020,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,Bald Bearded Bastard,"Oh KoToR 2, I enjoyed your first installment a little better, but you are still a solid game. Gives you perspective to see where Mass Effect came from."
,Recommended,208580,3978550,"Posted: 18 September, 2013",all,BBQ Mice N Bits,"This series is one of my favorite of all-time. I loved the this one and played the hell out of it on xbox. The characters are great, the story is great, the planets are great. It deserves an actual sequel."
,Recommended,208580,6043970,"Posted: 23 April, 2013",all,Irish Dan,"Not as good as the first one, it has things about it I love like gaining a padawan and it is more customisable, but as a whole it does seem to fall flat at the end. Its also easier than the first one and doesnt last as long, though its still a fantastic game which I spent many hours enjoying.Note: The story relies on that you have played the first game in full otherwise you will not understand key plot points and the first games storyline will be spoiled."
,Recommended,208580,17348801,"Posted: 2 August, 2015",all,Freezer,"""Mocking Query: Coorta?  Coorta, are you dead yet?"""
,Recommended,208580,17428848,"Posted: 7 August, 2015",all,Shadow Hugger,"[PERSUADE] ""I'd like to hold your gland.""Best dialogue option ever."
,Recommended,208580,17196244,"Posted: 23 July, 2015",all,Wash,"Here's my Review of KOTOR 2I play the game, gameplay was on par with the first KOTOR (If you never played Knights of the Old Republic, just buy it)I love a good story, and a good Romance (Eh, I'm a guy, sue me)I then go and play Oblivion for about 140 hours (Buy that too)Then one day, I hit depressive mode and play KOTORI try to fix the Frame Buffer Effects...It..Doesn't...Work...(UGH...Stupid Raedon Cards)I then decide to check out KOTOR 2, and I see something not there. Achievements, and Workshop.I then go to check out the announcements that they updated the gameI laugh my rear off (I'd curse, but this is a PG review)Eventually, I start up the game and see they added Cloud Saves...Thank you Disney for actually making a game GOOD.Then it gets better.I start up a new character, all the character stuff with every piece of workshop content I have (which is in this point only three things, the Restored Content, some Asteroid changer and Animation mod)I then go through the prologue, and two minutes in I talk to a friend of mine...Telling him I'll laugh endlessly if Frame Buffer works.I then open the Options, Advanced OptionsIt was already on, I hit escape and tab for 1st person: IT WORKS....WH- WHA- HOW!?I then proceeded to laugh my rear off for the next 3 minutes.BUY THE GAME IF YOU WANNA SEE BLUE DROID FIRST PERSON!(Oh, and Story and Gameplay rocks too, I guess.)Score 9.5/10It's a perfect 10 if they add working 1st Person gameplay (somehow)."
76561198054575443,Recommended,208580,8932570,"Posted: 1 February, 2014",all,Asgerew,More of the same really... If you loved the first one you'll love this. If you didn't you'll probably dislike it.
,Recommended,208580,18619528,"Posted: 21 October, 2015",all,Villager,"Buy this game, start one epic adventure into Star Wars universe.  WIDE variety of class skills, armor, and weapons...  Journey with 2 companions out of 10 or more to chose from.  This game fully embodies what a RPG should be, and has much great value in replayability...Great voice acting and has been updated to include controller supportI bought this game originally for the XBOX and have had my fair share of fun readventuring with my favorite allies...  HK-47 is my favorite companion of all time, Hanharr is a Monster, and I love telling Atton to shut the hell up...""Shall we find something to kill to cheer ourselves up?""―HK-47"
,Recommended,208580,18620895,"Posted: 21 October, 2015",all,macabre13,One of The best Classic RPG
76561198032283772,Recommended,208580,18594609,"Posted: 20 October, 2015",all,Vexahrii,"A pure example on storytelling and innovation, it's probably my favourite in the series.It leaves it on such an unsure note as well. (Depending on your ending) It's a great example of how to make a sqeaul, of how to develop characters and actually start to give a damm about what is happening.Unlike a certain MMO... *Erhem*Now don't get me wrong Swtor was good, but to try and supass the beauty of this game and its predeccor it's a bar that is simply too high, an achievement of storytelling."
76561198094919256,Recommended,208580,18661570,"Posted: 24 October, 2015",all,Clamps,10/10 would starwar again
,Recommended,208580,8353059,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,Ezy,I recommend it but don't get it unless you have it on a CD because it doesn't work unfortunately.
76561198027961805,Recommended,208580,16570104,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,Bane902,"just like what obsidian did at fallout new vegas they did it here ,using the same engine the same assets and the same combat system they made a MUCH better game than the orignal , the writing and the characters are fantastic and easily better than KOTR1 ..one of the best RPGs ever."
76561198136196436,Recommended,208580,12328069,"Posted: 2 October, 2014",all,travis.lewis0103,"This game is phenomenal, considering that it from Bioware and the sequel to my all time favorite game makes it even better. But even as a standalone title this game will blow you away. From it's great RPG elements to the unique story that builds up the Star Wars universe this game is great from the get go. I have been postponing playing this game for years and I am sorry I did that. If you have ten bucks to spend and want a great RPG title then this is the game for you. Many elements you see in this game were later implemented in more games by bioware. You can see a echoing of the elements in Mass Effect. Great game buy it, don't miss out."
,Recommended,208580,20177095,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,Lil Pump,realy good game makes up for the graphics but who realy cares about that i love star wars any way so i realy recomend you get it  even if you dont like starwars its still fun
76561198090650988,Recommended,208580,20359795,"Posted: 6 January, 2016",all,elrewelto,"there is something really messed up happening in the game. every time i try to board the ebon hawk to leave the academy where atris is on telos i keep watching a cinematic of the ship leaving but when it ends im still on the academy, then i try to board it again and it doesnt let me. i try reloading it restart the game but the same thing keeps happening. help please!!!!"
,Recommended,208580,20016359,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,┘ Ces ┌,"""Review a game""cause I had to.very fun,"
76561198080584520,Recommended,208580,19978535,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,Chizu,The game will not run in my PC... My pc is a windows 7 Proffesional with 4 GB of ram and 2.3 Hz... is there any modifications i have to make so the game will run?Plz Help
,Recommended,208580,17838096,"Posted: 1 September, 2015",all,Nubbert,"Although a bit old, this game has so many charms to keep any Star Wars fan interested to the end. Definately reccomended."
76561198043867560,Recommended,208580,23615327,"Posted: 17 June, 2016",all,arthour05,"A fantastic game, obviously there are things that could be better, it *is* over 10 years old after all. That said, it's really well put together, it plays good, it runs good even in Windows 10.The story is well put together, there are some really good mods for it that can improve some things as well as add new skills, although unfortunatly you can't run very many mods at once as this can cause the game to crash. Some bugs include text speeding past at an unreadable rate, only pausing when you need to make a comment.This can be fixed by closing, and reopening the game. I believe there's a real fix for it in the forums, but I forget what it was now.....I also highly recommend getting the Restored Content mod, as this addes in missing conversations and things of that kind. LucasArts pushed BioWare hard tog et this out before it was ready and that does show in places throught out the game.All in all I would recommend you get this game if you like Star Wars and the lore of the series, even look into grabbing up the first game too. This game especially is more about the story and characters than the actual gameplay itself.I would also really recommend waiting until the 4th of July, Steam always does a deal on most of the Star Wars games. It's worth the £7's but why not get it cheaper?"
76561198056847871,Recommended,208580,23626140,"Posted: 17 June, 2016",all,Satan,"One of the best classic RPGs to date, and a Star Wars one no less. The quality of the game is there, especially for something so old. The combat is sadly lacking, it is turn-based, but it was high quality for when it was released. The combat is not that horrible though, it just isn't that interesting. The overall character development is there, and the decisions you make matter. There are different ending for different choices, some minor, a few major."
76561198132221588,Recommended,208580,23627075,"Posted: 17 June, 2016",all,phazard7,One of my all time favorites. Great game.
76561198241384032,Recommended,208580,23627874,"Posted: 18 June, 2016",all,sawpit,this game is great. i had it when i was younger on the original xbox. i loved it so much. i played through the campaign for the first one several times and this one even more. even 10 years later i remember everything about this game. this is one of the best rpg turn based games out there.
,Recommended,208580,23632456,"Posted: 18 June, 2016",all,Zazimee,"Never played one of these games when they came out, so I thought I'd try it since it came up on Steam. Absolutely worth it. I loved the skill choices, and it felt very rewarding as I played through and made my choices. Dominating your enemies with a lightsaber was a true joy."
76561198095829707,Recommended,208580,23639351,"Posted: 18 June, 2016",all,"Matt,the,great1544",this game is amazing! the story is defenetly not as good as the first but the gameplay and action is much better. plus you can turn your companions into jedi or sith which is great!
76561198044772710,Recommended,208580,23655941,"Posted: 19 June, 2016",all,DrClams™   skinhub.com,"This is one of my all time favorite games ever, and since I got the extra content mod it's like a whole new game. I love it, This is definetly a must play game for any star wars fan,"
76561198006590754,Recommended,208580,23662399,"Posted: 19 June, 2016",all,FishPond,One of the best
76561198056726133,Recommended,208580,23747330,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,Greg The Wolf,Game wouldn't work for 3 years.
,Recommended,208580,23226021,"Posted: 26 May, 2016",all,HowardTheDuck,10/10 would kill myself again.
76561198024257258,Recommended,208580,22885230,"Posted: 9 May, 2016",all,{PRT} Goober,Its awesome but the game froze and wouldnt progress
76561198037891416,Recommended,208580,13526220,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,Mandabum,"The game is wonderful. However, Steam version does crash a lot. I had to go through stuff and realised that the movie was disabled for some reason on the ini file, or it might've been some random thing that I fixed unintentionally, before I was able to play the game. Other than that, I think this game is wonderful. It still holds that place in my list of games I love and enjoyed.p.s. don't forget the restoration mod and etc. They make the game even better."
,Recommended,208580,23940185,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,A Rejected Fox,Better than most games out today
76561198088751807,Recommended,208580,17412527,"Posted: 6 August, 2015",all,MartinezX13,This game is truly a classic and i highly recommend playing at least one playthrough10/10
76561198062914938,Recommended,208580,30935383,Posted: 3 April,all,thatzaineboy,best game ever
76561198171872845,Recommended,208580,30860847,Posted: 31 March,all,Killer Keemstar,Dank!
76561198322897237,Recommended,208580,30908732,Posted: 2 April,all,krebel20,"Games really good, but it crashes a lot"
,Recommended,208580,21008121,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,mrmandodude,"It's an amazing game, but I can't count the times where my partner blindly ran through mines with no ♥♥♥♥s given"
,Recommended,208580,27649051,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,[RoUn]Minewar,This is the best Star Wars RPG. Nothing more to say
76561198056233492,Recommended,208580,33257810,Posted: 4 July,all,Zero(as a number),it is kind of diffacult and im still on the first world but its pretty fun.
,Recommended,208580,33316698,Posted: 6 July,all,Thibor,FUN GAME
,Recommended,208580,19998000,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,naysayer,Masterpiece /w mods.
76561198066273618,Recommended,208580,17186923,"Posted: 23 July, 2015",all,Leipuri,"One of the best Star Wars games out there. KotOR 1 was my first RPG which hooked me for the genre. This sequel is even better than the original, with the restored content mod this goes to my top 10 games ever easily. Be sure to pick this gem up, you'll get your moneys worth guaranteed."
76561198138215744,Recommended,208580,17186536,"Posted: 23 July, 2015",all,Gameboy6717,star wars the knights of the old republic 2the sith lords1. good gameplay2. new skills3. companions can go light side or dark side4. characters backstory are good5. this game gets an update for good reasons6. last but not leastcompatible with consoles controller and Includes 37 Steam Achievementswhat's not to live about this game. ps have fun gameing.
76561198008498519,Recommended,208580,27745769,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Talok,"Best Star Wars game ever made, bought it on Steam just to have it in my collection.  True RPG based on the d20 system, crafting, light and dark powers.  If you are a Star Wars fan and RPG fan grab it."
76561198288216245,Not Recommended,208580,33435572,Posted: 10 July,all,BoboMerenda,"I encountered a game breaking bug on nar shadda and cannot go forward in the game, a pity really"
76561198165747539,Recommended,208580,19379339,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,beefoid,"If you LOOOOOVE Star Wars and everything about it and wanted to kill disney when they said the EU did not exist, get this game.  If you think yeah i mean Star Wars was pretty good the movies were good, you might think this game is an old buggy piece of crap and has sucky graphics then don't get this game (and kill yourself.)  I'm all in it for the story."
76561198097466327,Recommended,208580,30770168,Posted: 27 March,all,Darth Storm,"Great game for Star Wars fans, it's like your were back then and a Jedi or a ♥♥♥♥in Sith Lord is was so much fun!"
,Recommended,208580,26113902,"Posted: 19 October, 2016",all,Onyrus,"As a huge fan of Star Wars since my early childhood, I've always looked forward to the next great experience based within its universe. Following the crushing knowledge of the great disappointment that Battlefront was to so many of my peers, I looked instead to the past for a rejuvenation of my connection to the Force. Having played the fantastic original KOTOR on my Xbox in days long past, I decided to journey into the depths of its sequel.I will account for its negative aspects first, and let you decide whether you're willing to overcome them. Following these, will be the reasons for which I feel you owe it to yourself to play this title regardless of these nagging issues.The biggest issue first. The ending is one of the worst I've ever witnessed. There is absolutely no closure for this storyline, putting aside the cliffhanger (presumably due to plans of making a third part to add to the duology) which only sufficed to compound the feeling of rage I experienced as I sat watching the screen fade to black. The conclusion served to devalidate so much of the time and effort I had put into the game in a vain attempt to enjoy a satisfying end to my self-chosen journey. Hilariously (in a bad way) you will have one character standing there, literally fortune-telling what will happen to all the characters involved in the story. Garbage, especially considering the stellar quality of storytelling in the majority of the game. Also, I managed to accidentally skip it, thinking that pressing one wrong dialogue reply couldn't possibly be such an integral part of the created experience. I was wrong. I only found out afterward on Youtube, with absolute astonishment, that there was this minimum set of revelations hidden within a couple of the dialogue responses.Exuding the same lack of quality encased within the ending, many sections of in-game dialogue (once again... integral to the game) are skipped over or cut entirely, due to glitches that still have yet to be fixed. This is unacceptable, especially in a heavily story-focused game such as this. Yes, yes, they rushed the game due to publisher interests... yadda yadda yadda. I don't give a flying ♥♥♥♥. It's your baby. Don't release it prematurely. A previous patch has seemingly addressed many of the game-breaking concerns that the very first steam customers had, reintroducing missing cutscenes and conversations. So it seems somewhat appalling that the developers have yet to alleviate such a fundamental issue, especially a decade after release.Finally, an issue which I have a neutral opinion on... the combat mechanics. They are severely imbalanced, making certain sections of the game super easy, and a minute few exceedingly difficult; mostly though, they are a walk in the park on a breezy summer's day. This may be an issue for some, although I did not find it much of a bother, as I was more focused on characters and lore anyway. It still kept my attention. It was adequate. The bottom line is, if you delegate your stats and bonuses properly, as well as apply the proper skills, and make sure to upgrade your weapons, this game will be a cake-walk.NOW FOR THE POSITIVEMmm Mmm Good. That's how I feel about the quality of the story and the writing (with the exception of the ending!). There is an obvious sense that the writing style was made to cater to intellectuals. It is a blend of mature views on justice and morality, with an additional focus on the supposedly untarnishable reputation of the Jedi Order within the Star Wars universe. It places both the Jedi and the Sith on an even playing field, and shows you that they both have their strengths and weaknesses. Their methods and motivations may differ, though they're not exactly polar opposites, as is commonly believed due to the films.The music quality of the KOTOR universe is fantastic as usual, hitting all the right notes. The combat is satisfying to watch unfold, especially when donning your favorite lightsaber. The crafting system for upgrading armor and weapons is addicting for some weird reason. The scenery and environments, although dated, are still often a treat for the eyes, especially the urban areas, with all their requisite Star Wars themed architecture and lights. The quests are often interesting, and the exceptions are all adequate. I don't remember a single truly boring quest. The characters are all interesting and differentiated from one another. You will want to talk to and get acquainted with all of them.All in all, I'd say this is a journey that's definitely still worth it despite its more disappointing aspects.Don your robes, strap on your boots, and let that blade roar."
,Recommended,208580,483957,"Posted: 21 November, 2012",all,Farks,Even better than the first KotOR!
76561198151332447,Recommended,208580,31427909,Posted: 28 April,all,The actual Byzantine Empire,I went into my toleit and found poop.star wars the force awakens is a well deserved game. This is part 2 of another good game called star wars battlefront. in thgis game you have the choice of either becuming a bad guy or a sith. I totally recomend this game because this was the last game my son played before his untimely demise.Please send me a SCOOTER SO I CAN PLAY WITH IT. sorry if i affended you   i became born in rome
,Recommended,208580,23674805,"Posted: 20 June, 2016",all,Ongo Gablogian,TURNS OUT IT'S PRETTY GOOD
76561198046613374,Recommended,208580,21961145,"Posted: 21 March, 2016",all,Ewer,han solo dies in this10/10
,Recommended,208580,29046246,Posted: 5 January,all,pete.phillips,"So it's 2017 and I've finally decided to play this game. I kept hearing mixed reviews, some people love it and other people said it was not worthy of its predecessor. I loved the original Kotor and was worried this one would not be as amazing, but this game is incredible. I can't believe I have not played it until now. Such a great RPG! Possibly one of the best RPG experiences you will ever have."
76561198120886526,Recommended,208580,29072485,Posted: 6 January,all,Hytophian9737,Its a great game but it keeps black screening me and i dont know why? Can steam fix this?
,Recommended,208580,29075278,Posted: 6 January,all,ScounDrel #udu,"Highly recommended for fans of star wars, Kotor 1 and 2 both have tha best story. The love the combat system , and how u can be DS and LS. Both games have a DS and LS ending."
,Recommended,208580,21845930,"Posted: 14 March, 2016",all,Tezla Alchemia,BETTER THAN THE FIRST (when you load it up with mods.)
,Recommended,208580,26068983,"Posted: 16 October, 2016",all,blunts,first was betterthis is good still better than living my life9.4/10
76561198054631616,Recommended,208580,30167102,Posted: 25 February,all,bigsmokereincarnate,Amazing gameWanted to be a darkside cuckTold a deadly infected man he's better off dead as he's a threat to the population (instead of healing him)He decided that's a good ideaMaster cuck status achived
,Recommended,208580,23034842,"Posted: 17 May, 2016",all,Hadouken!!,"I'm just going to put it simply: If you enjoy the star wars universe and the story behind it, this is the single best game out there for you.Installing the restored content mod is a must, as it fixes many bugs and adds a fair bit of cut content, that really ties up lose ends from the vanilla game. Installation is easy. Just go to the workshop and subscribe to the mod.This is not a very difficult game though, but this leaves room for many odd builds and party combinations. Get this game for the RPG and story aspect, and stick for the combat. By the end of the game, you truly feel like a powerful jedi."
76561198078644619,Recommended,208580,31123870,Posted: 13 April,all,Trooper2003,"This will be hard to start... I played kotor 1 (on Ipad) and it was great! After that I wanted more of the story of Raven and the galaxy before Dark Veder and the clone wars, and thats when I dicided to buy kotor 2 on pc. I started playing the game and spent 7 and half an hour on the game. But after problems with the pc over a long period I restarted my pc complytely.I saved the last place I left off on the Cloud servic so I dident have to place the saved data over to a diffrent storage divice. After that I rastarted my pc. I downloaded Steam and downloaded kotor 2 to my pc. I opened the game and loaded the saved game up. When it was finished loading it crashed. I tryed agein and agein but it would not start. So now 7 houers of game play is gone. I tryed to start over agein but the whole world wouldent loade inn. PS: I used restored content mod.But frome what I played was great. Just pure entertainment and fun. You should absolutely buy and play the game, and the restored content mod is a ""MUST HAVE"".This is a great game and I hope Kotor 3 will come out one butifull day."
76561198128305870,Recommended,208580,28577937,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,[CELL] funny man holly undead,this game was awsome but i wish there was a 3 would die of happy left off at a bit of a clif hanger. anyone want to see a 3 would be so awsome. thing about it why you should buy it even when not on sale .1 great story 2 fun combat 3 all the jokes they make and the Serious tones they love to set 4 does not cost that much money
,Recommended,208580,30036879,Posted: 19 February,all,Un œuf,solid mate
76561198089297184,Recommended,208580,28311557,"Posted: 11 December, 2016",all,Teh Sith Lord,This is probably the best Star Wars game ever made. Download the Restored Content -mod for the best experience.
76561198069412239,Recommended,208580,26931427,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Destis,A game that truely stands the test of time.Better then most rpgs released now adays
76561198233632664,Recommended,208580,29479010,Posted: 25 January,all,Mungdal,This game is sooo*Uses The ForceAmazing!
,Recommended,208580,27571611,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Hex,Best Star Wars game out there
76561198120768225,Recommended,208580,29082875,Posted: 7 January,all,dpikkaraine,A true classic definitely worth playing.
76561197980931583,Recommended,208580,29095942,Posted: 7 January,all,Kloki,Great game! Worth your time!
,Recommended,208580,28744148,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,baron grime siege,"a good stars wars game, but its an rpg and im a lot dumb not smart! cool though :O"
,Recommended,208580,28447995,"Posted: 18 December, 2016",all,the little jihad that could,"a bioware game, but with good writing -- finally got an update 10 years after release :)pro-tip: Ask HK-47 what love is."
76561198090220638,Recommended,208580,22797760,"Posted: 4 May, 2016",all,chrispap,"i wish to download that,  and so about that run perfectly on windows 10 thanks to all of  you on steam guys."
,Recommended,208580,27938829,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Cpt. Askardi CS.MONEY,Totally broken op!
,Recommended,208580,17336666,"Posted: 1 August, 2015",all,Kestrel,"I have such mixed feelings about KOTOR. On one hand it was part of the first wave games that would trivialize the RPG genre forever. On the other it  represents the greatest Star Wars story ever told.  This game challenges the very core of the Star Wars themes, while being highly respectful of them. In the end of the day there is much more here to like than dislike."
,Recommended,208580,11012020,"Posted: 1 July, 2014",all,†Turbo Tommy†,Game is better than sex
,Recommended,208580,1185433,"Posted: 3 July, 2013",all,Woodhouse,"Damn good game.  Requires The Sith Lords Restored Content Mod (TSLRCM) to be a stable, complete game, however."
,Recommended,208580,11294251,"Posted: 17 July, 2014",all,Fijiwiji,"One of the best Star Wars games out there. The atmosphere, the characters (especially Kreia), and the story all come together to make a memorable experience worthy of succeeding its legendary predecessor, KOTOR. Backed by a still active modding community via Deadly Stream, it is still worth the play through after almost a decade."
,Recommended,208580,21036191,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,METAL,"Got told to kill a guy then the one that sent me to kill him tried to kill me and him then the guy i was supposed to kill wich i had saved his life 1 dialogue box ago tried to kill me then i killed him and killed his henchmen then i felt that the killing was killing me and my back then i was so confused about all the killing that killed myself and decided to post this review(the lack of punctuation is on purpose, go play this game)"
,Recommended,208580,27101830,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Call me Graham,By far best Star Wars game
,Recommended,208580,29905200,Posted: 13 February,all,ukillertron991,is quite good as you start off as a jedi who has survived the colapse of the jedi order and galactic republic. You start off ats the Paragus mining facility were your ship the ebon hawk is being held captive. You then go on an adventure to find the peices of your lightsaber and peice the puzzles of your past. You then get companiams who you choose to drop or keep along your journey. Will you stay on the path or the jedi and be a savior or will you fall down the dark path and be the galaxys conquror.
76561198258601610,Recommended,208580,18865809,"Posted: 3 November, 2015",all,imaprosk8er777,Thank you steam I love you boo boo.  I'm so glad you have kotor 2!!!  Thank you so much
,Recommended,208580,19312997,"Posted: 27 November, 2015",all,Harven69,"I only recommend this game at a sale of half off or better.I can also only recommend this game with the mod that let's you skip Peragus, which is a must have.As a kid I beat the first KOTOR all the time because it was amazing but Peragus and an eventual broken XBOX and disc kept me from beating this game until about a week ago.On XBOX the game was terrible, but on pc, it's pretty good.Pros:Patches, and yes, patches are still rleased for this bad boy.It's the sequel to KOTOR.Star Wars game so you get both Sci-Fi and Fantasy in one game.The price tag.Mandalore (Canderous from the first game).Cons:I hear it can't run on Windows 10, so if you went that route it's on you.It's age is showing a bit.Most of the character are ♥♥♥♥ing annoying (Atton, Kreia, both bounty hunters that can join your party, and even the second floating robot you get is annoying. No."
76561198064917876,Recommended,208580,13784356,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,Dumpy the Dumpster Cat,"One of the bst RPGs I've ever played. I literally played it non-stop basically over three days. The only complaint I really have is that there is a disconnect from some of the companions, in that there isn't enough options to talk to them when on your ship. It eventually just becomes them saying the same things over and over again, but otherwise this is an awesome JRPG that I would highly suggest. It made me an even bigger fan of Star Wars, and now I'm really bummed that there isn't a KotR 3 so I can continue the journey to find Revan. Bottom line... GET THIS GAME, YOU WILL NOT REGRET IT!"
76561198244758790,Recommended,208580,17991354,"Posted: 11 September, 2015",all,Ken_Starblazer,"Great game, one of my favorites. It added and/or made better so many good features they didn't have in the first KOTOR game it's wonderful to see KOTOR continued. The best choice Bioware made was definitely the choice to bring back HK-47, he's the best character to ever have come about in any story in the history of the world tbh."
76561198135521394,Recommended,208580,17436961,"Posted: 7 August, 2015",all,NightTrak,"Great game. I've played more time than is showed, but my Wifi was out. and this game can be incredibly diffuclt and may require a lot of strategy, Also, some segments shouldn't be skipped unless your game crashed and you know the jist of what was said. Also, the choices are sometimes very diffuclt, but you can't please every follower or character. Also, you must be wise in choosing wether or not to be dark or light side, what followers, what armor that you use, because each has benefits. Also, I forgot to get the first game, but the events of the first game are explained in the game.Rating 9/10"
,Recommended,208580,17189820,"Posted: 23 July, 2015",all,Rich Homie Huang,It was boo.
,Recommended,208580,17161580,"Posted: 21 July, 2015",all,remroll3r,This is a great game a true diamond from the past if youève never played it  I strongly recomend kotor 1 and 2Never will an rpg be made like this if you played dragon age the first one then you will love this game.Game starts slow but it gets addicting after the prelude
76561198074892159,Recommended,208580,17611231,"Posted: 19 August, 2015",all,BlaXtylE,My favourite game ever!
76561198190286963,Recommended,208580,19816388,"Posted: 20 December, 2015",all,Im-Awful,The Force is Strong in this game.
76561198189332762,Recommended,208580,31495985,Posted: 1 May,all,germanjosh5,cant get it to start keeps crashing please help
,Recommended,208580,26513822,"Posted: 9 November, 2016",all,Arahex CEO,i like it more than the first kotorhahahaha i dont even miss the cut content
,Recommended,208580,17710185,"Posted: 25 August, 2015",all,Heisenberg,A+
,Recommended,208580,17764808,"Posted: 28 August, 2015",all,EgoAtlas,"The content in this game was more fulfilling than Kotor 1, but the story was more lackluster. The mods for the game aren't as awesome as people make them out to be (especially the droid planet, what a WASTE of time). I'm a huge Star Wars fan, and have always loved the Kotor series, but as an objective gamer I know you'll like this too."
,Recommended,208580,17761096,"Posted: 28 August, 2015",all,Acree1993,
76561198127097020,Recommended,208580,17729548,"Posted: 26 August, 2015",all,Wildcard Joker (Ayano),Let me skip to what you all want to seePros: sequel to KOTOR1Mods allow graphic updates and restored content plus more!controller support!a mvoie feeling of last hopeCons: a vastly diffrrent feeling than the first can alienate somesome puzzles and the begining can take some time.9/10
,Recommended,208580,17745572,"Posted: 27 August, 2015",all,maley,"Background: Obsidian developed sequel to KOTOR 1 (Bioware developed game) that puts you 4,000 years before the original trilogy of Star Wars.  So there is no connection to the Skywalkers or Solos.  A fun RPG with a huge cast of characters.  IT IS AWESOME.  The recent patch added widescreen support, fixed some bugs and added steam workshop.  There are still a number of bugs though.Plot: You play an 'exiled' Jedi from events that transpired in the first game.  You do not need to play the first game, but I would wiki the story.  And as the first game hasn't gotten a patch for widescreen and runs badly on newer systems you may just want to do that.  There are some recurring characters (party and non party) though.  Just, FYI: Cannon exile is a woman.Gameplay: The gameplay is based on d20 role-playing game system. You can pick your class and your skills. Force powers are yours to choose. There are different endings based on your choices as well (light side vs dark side only).  The characters you get in your party are of a wide variety and are great.  You can converse with them, gain influence them, turn some into jedi/sith.  There are some characters specific to male/female, but nothing light/dark.  You really can choose to play full on melee lightsaber wielding mad man or you could just be a force nut (much easier on dark side).I played both light and dark to completion and the dark side run had many more bugs than the light side.  I played with KB/M, but you can use a controller as well.Graphics: It's a 10+ year old game.  I think the graphics have aged well.  There are a couple mods to have better graphics but nothing huge.  Runs fine (i5 haswell and gtx780) on my system, I mean it's 10+ years old, it better.Audio: Nothing flashy, works fine.LOVE this game.  You should play it."
76561198064260757,Recommended,208580,17721838,"Posted: 26 August, 2015",all,Clutch 22,For force sake Remember to save.
76561198053548292,Recommended,208580,23283858,"Posted: 29 May, 2016",all,louie,very good i like
76561198016085192,Recommended,208580,28433539,"Posted: 17 December, 2016",all,Dreadengore,the game is brilliant when it doesnt glitch out or crash which is often
76561198135446411,Recommended,208580,17559662,"Posted: 15 August, 2015",all,yeats,"Atton is an irritating idjit. :(Kreia is a Old Witch. :(Bao-Dur is a neat freak. :(T3-M4 is a portable trash can. :(Mira is a time wastin' scumbag. :(Hanharr is a Hairy Potter. :(GOTO is a disco ""ball"". :(Handmaiden is a ""distracted by Idjit"" Witless Whito. :(Disciple is a Prince from a bedtime story. :(HK-47 is a Communist (Y'know, cause' he's red). :(Mandalore is a showerless smellio. :(Visas is another Communist. :(The Remote is an Floating Iphone. :(Darth Nihulius is a Hungry ghost. :(Darth Sion is a Ripped up Hulk Man. :("
,Recommended,208580,19379155,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,KMZ ✞ 809,Such a great game. Too bad that they made that garbage MMORPG The Old Republc instead of making a third game.
76561197962060186,Recommended,208580,22818926,"Posted: 5 May, 2016",all,wiseau,It's good.
76561198285031292,Recommended,208580,29263829,Posted: 14 January,all,Dog Person,"10 bad ♥♥♥♥♥es in a mansionWrist on Milly Rock them diamonds on me dancin'When you workin' hard then your money start expandin'I got model ♥♥♥♥♥es wanna lick me like some candyAnd them drugs come in handyLast name Savage ♥♥♥♥♥, but no I'm not RandyHit her with no condom, had to make her eat a plan BAnd I'm sippin' on that Codeine, not BrandyI'm just stuntin' on my ex-♥♥♥♥♥I'm just flexin' on my ex-♥♥♥♥♥Hold up, I'm just stuntin' on my ex-♥♥♥♥♥Hold up, I'm just flexin' on my ex-♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ a wedding ring, I bought a necklaceDiamonds got the flu, tryin' not to catch thisI left that ho alone cause she was ratchetAll these ♥♥♥♥♥es salty, they can't stand me"
,Recommended,208580,21378635,"Posted: 21 February, 2016",all,stingray,I played this a long time ago in a galaxy far far away...
,Recommended,208580,27729918,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Fucking BurgTurgler,"This is 'the' star wars experience. You've got force powers, alignment, party reactions to your decisions and it influences their alignment, pretty indepth customization, many many build options. I'd go so far to say it is the best star wars game out there."
76561198024804178,Recommended,208580,27727765,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,NaCly,Why isn't 3 out yet ?!?!?By far the best star wars series out
,Recommended,208580,17545207,"Posted: 14 August, 2015",all,HippeusOmega,The sequel to one of the best star wars games I've ever played. Sith Lords was a game I played the hell out of on Xbox. With the recent arrival of new developer support and Restore Content Mod. This breaths new life into already a great classic in my opinion. With such great characters and story you do yourself a disservice not playing this.
,Recommended,208580,9298355,"Posted: 28 February, 2014",all,Druseph,"Good Game, I actually went crazy the night before i bought the steam verson, because i couldnt find my Xbox origional copy of it. First time playing it in years, and its Fkin fun"
,Recommended,208580,17342450,"Posted: 1 August, 2015",all,ATRAYA,"Still, for various reasons that would take days for me to list off, this game is my favorite game of ALL TIME."
,Recommended,208580,26525337,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,puban,....................
76561198257933782,Recommended,208580,29707047,Posted: 4 February,all,hallchrishall126,Still a good game.. That is all i have to say about this game and be enough.
76561198373031408,Recommended,208580,31611404,Posted: 7 May,all,zombieking259821,Amazing game it is a by slow paced but still it's the 2nd best rpg in my book number 1 being kotor 1
,Recommended,208580,20137174,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,Dank Meme,"HIGHYL RECOMMENDEDbut..Only if you get the Restored Content Mod with it. It's on the steam workshop. Without that, the game is a buggy messy incomplete mess, but still extremely fun.Once you have it, it's only second to the first KOTOR game which I feel is superior. Don't be a fool, buy this game.Base game: 7/10With the Restored Content patch: 9/10.Don't worry, Carth isn't in the game!"
,Recommended,208580,17288195,"Posted: 29 July, 2015",all,RedBooJ,"My favorite game of all time. The game contains an interesting story that is extremely unique compared to the other Star Wars titles. Has fun combat that will keep you entertained from its aesthetically pleasing animations to its simplistic gameplay. It also contains something that the first KotOR didn't, the ability to influence your companions. All in all it's a 10/10. Highly recommend TSLRCM to restore content that was supposed to be in the game in the first place, but was rushed."
,Recommended,208580,15228266,"Posted: 5 April, 2015",all,Darran,Should be more like this
,Recommended,208580,2467975,"Posted: 24 May, 2013",all,Alrækinn,it's ok
,Recommended,208580,8191364,"Posted: 22 December, 2013",all,S7ЯIDΞЯ,"Great classic game. Big improvement on the previous despite being different developer (First was awesome).More choices, more doing, more awesome.Pick this up and play the story! A must for any Star Wars fan."
,Recommended,208580,28078571,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,Twink Peaks,"An incricate story that wouldn't work as a movie, ends up being a better experience than most of the Star Wars movies. The majority of characters a very well written, each of which has a connection to the Exile. Kreia is a stand out and you would be crazy to play the game without her in your party as she is one of the best characters to spawn out of the Star Wars franchise. Questions about the force are asked. Thoughtful decisions may create more harm than good. Events set into motion early on may payoff later on in the game.I could write endlessly about this game, it's probably one of the best game's ever made, but it's intended for more mature people. I'm not sure that it's the best RPG ever though, because playing through as a lightside character seems to be the way the story is meant to be told, it definately feels more satisying, because you have been mentored by Kreia for the entire game, going against her wishes seems to do a diservice to the story. Then again I don't really see the fun in dark side playthroughs unless you're a teenager, and i'm not anymore.Even though the game is unfinished it manages to be so well written that it makes up for it. It really doesn't feel like it's missing much, but reading through what content was cut shows that the game may have made more of an impact. There is still the option to play through with the Restored Content Mod which improves the game a lot, I just don't think the addition of the droid factory was very well done.As you progress through the game you begin to see that Obsidian were setting up a sequel where the Exile and Revan would confront the hidden enemy that Revan left to search for after KOTOR 1. We never got that game, but if there's one thing KOTOR 2 shows you is that  you can gain value from the story by being a little introspective. When you just sit and think about all the events that happened beyond surface level feels very rewarding. You may just come up with that ending in your own mind, and it may be more satisying than any other developer could have concluded this trilogy with."
76561198304364740,Recommended,208580,23478740,"Posted: 9 June, 2016",all,g.nearing,"This is one of the finest RPG's ever made.  its Story is complicated, it's Chracters are interesting and has a dark edgy feel that the rest of the star wars Franchise doesn't have that gives a tasteful look  and armor piercing questions about the franchise that the rest of the star wars media isn't telling.  easily a 10/10 in my book."
76561198089857707,Recommended,208580,12786545,"Posted: 4 November, 2014",all,Lil Wil,Difficult but fun
76561198083410665,Recommended,208580,12808715,"Posted: 5 November, 2014",all,自由ギアス,Great over all game with about a 20 hour story skipping almost all side quests and far longer when you play both sides and do all the quests.However some dialog will blink past and some cutscenes are missing audio.
76561198078623582,Recommended,208580,12840345,"Posted: 8 November, 2014",all,LandmineFrisbee,"Personally I didn't really like it but litrally everyone else I've asked seems to love it, so I guess statistaically you should give it a shot."
,Recommended,208580,14074170,"Posted: 19 January, 2015",all,thylbanus,"Classic game, while not up to the par of it's predecessor, still pretty solid.  Just an FYI, there is no update to this.  You will get the classic selection of screen sizes with the max being 1280 x 1040 75 fps.  Also, peripherals may be a bit wonky"
76561198032591282,Recommended,208580,25971291,"Posted: 10 October, 2016",all,ElFuzzi,"Query: Do you have this game?Steam Customer 1: Yeah, sure do.Pleased Statement: Good.Query: Do you have this game?Steam Customer 2: No.Indignant Query: Why not meatbag?"
76561198032792691,Recommended,208580,20175511,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,Sakz3,it does a great a job at manly 2 things showing the star wars uinverse from a exiled path you are hunted  with out a light saber  and you are half naked? any way it shows strong shings for an old game
,Recommended,208580,33954969,Posted: 1 August,all,LadyHaley,"I love this game, I have spent hours playing it and will spend hours more"
,Recommended,208580,25957864,"Posted: 9 October, 2016",all,Lux,"10/10HK-47 made my meat-bag knees tremble in awe of his beauty.Would push Mical off side of the cantina balcony again.Used T3M4 to serve Kreia a restraining order from all force users, and an eletrical shock to the knee.Asked Mira advice on men, taught how to kidnap them.Kidnapped Atton, presented him to hutts as exotic dancer.Made out with hot, eyeless unconcious sith girl who tried to kill me.Crop dusted around the Telos Academy before getting my ship back.Hit G0-T0 with hydrospanner, recieved 12 blaster burns on the♥♥♥♥♥ would do it again.Grabbed Mandalore's♥♥♥♥♥ blamed it on Atton.Stole Bao-Dur's floating droid, used it to destroy Repbulic, and reign over galaxy as a Darth Cheeseburger."
,Recommended,208580,10871618,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,Pentigrass,"Knights of the Old Republic, 1 and 2, are perhaps some of the best games to have ever be made, story-wise, and two of the shining stars in the Star Wars universe, besides the godgame that was Star Wars: Galaxies. (Damn you Sony, for shutting it down. I still hadn't reached lvl 90 and built my base yet!)The Combat? Hmm. Strategic. You click powers to use them, but strangely enough, this provides an immersive combat, albeit not like games such as Skyrim and Dark Souls, where you just spam a trigger until something dies. Use Force Storm? click the icon, massive storm-like thing spurts from your fingertips.You may see me having only played this game for 55 hours, but that's a lie. I lost the original copies, and as such, managed to purchase it on steam. The original copies, and the Steam version combined, I probably have clocked in more than 700 hours into both games. It is truly addictive. It is the type of game that will keep you up until 5:00 in the morning, continuously playing.The story; God. Think of Dark Souls's (The first one and Demon's Souls, not the abomination that was Dark Souls 2.) immersive story and soul-drenching depression, and perfect seclusion, and combine that with a slightly less convoluted lore. The Story is guaranteed to keep you hooked.However, SW:KOTOR 1's story is far less dark, and secluded, but still very entertaining nonetheless. By this point, you should already know how good BioWare are at making those types of stories. Not really sure what Obsidian moved onto after their sadly rushed masterpiece.One thing I will warn you of, though, is that both games have their share of bugs. Save quite regularly, (But the game has a pretty good autosave system to save your♥♥♥♥♥♥. And Kotor 2 was rushed by LucasArts, truthfully, forcing Obsidian to release it in a more buggy and less contented state, to satisfy LucasArt''s quota of a Christmas release. Pick up that Restored Content Mod in the reviews below, I've no clue where people go to get it.Moreso, Don't play SW:TOR. BioWare botched their game, and tried to ruin SW:KOTOR 2, by turning Revan into a pathetic fanny and the Exile into an idiot who gets impaled in the♥♥♥♥♥♥"
,Recommended,208580,30494747,Posted: 13 March,all,Carnehan-Dravot,"'Knights of the Old Republic II: The Sith Lords' is the sequel to one of the best games of the 21st century. It had an awful lot to live up to, and I believe it did so surprisingly well.Many of the companions are fun to interact with and bring along on your adventures. Players of the original 'KOTOR' will be pleased to find themselves reunited with more than one familiar face. One of the companions is simply awful, and barely deserves mentioning. The character I'm referring to is a droid-like drone, and you *won't* want him around for long. I have no further criticisms of the companion system, though; in fact, I'd say that a few of the player's sidekicks are outstanding. I'm chiefly thinking of Atton and Kreia - two characters you meet very early in the game - but it could be extended to several others.The story is considerably more complex than the original game's. Some people will welcome this; others won't. I *did* welcome it, and found the network of plot twists and unforeseen developments to be fascinating. The RPG quality of the game also means that the twists may not occur on your playthrough, or that you may experience other developments that I haven't faced.This game has two key antagonists - Darth Sion and Darth Nihilus. (This isn't really a spoiler as they're featured on most cover art!) I don't think that either of these two Sith Lords are quite as intimidating as the original game's Darth Malak, but the way in which they are written will really challenge your perception of the 'Star Wars' universe, especially where the Force is concerned.The planets and other environments open to exploration are broadly as good as those in the first game, but I found it slightly disappointing that none of the worlds became quite as immersive or deep as Taris, the first planet the player experiences in the original 'KOTOR'. I view this rather negatively, but not all players will: some will welcome the lighter approach to the worlds of 'KOTOR II', as you can cover more ground in less time. My only other criticism of the landscapes of 'The Sith Lords' relates to Korriban. You may recall visiting this planet in the first game. I do, and I remember finding it considerably more interesting and enjoyable in that earlier game.The side quests maintain the high quality set by the first game, you'll be pleased to hear. It should also be noted that there appear to be a greater number of them in this game, and many of them can be completed very quickly. They're absolutely worthwhile, though, as they often expand on the player's understanding of the various lands, characters and events experienced throughout the game.Pazaak and swoop-racing both make a welcome return. Pazaak hasn't really changed a great deal (although I don't think NPC pazaak players are quite as easy to find), but the swoop tracks have been made significantly more challenging - and addictive! Overall, whilst 'KOTOR II' falls slightly behind the original game in certain areas, I believe that it actually surpasses it in others. The first one was a great game for RPG fans. The second one is a fantastic game for 'Star Wars' fans. It's definitely one of my greatest gaming experiences this year, and I have to recommend it to almost all gamers."
76561198055610784,Recommended,208580,8018550,"Posted: 12 December, 2013",all,DarthArbiter00,Pretty good game... but not as good as the original. The ability to train your peeps in the ways of the force is kinda neat.
,Recommended,208580,17161134,"Posted: 21 July, 2015",all,bachaun,FINALLY ACHIEVEMTNS AND 1080p RESOLUTION!!! havent played this game in its entirety but because its Star Wars 11/11
76561198079922384,Recommended,208580,17161316,"Posted: 21 July, 2015",all,One of Many James-es,"This is one of my favorite games ever made. Mainly because of this:http://www.destructoid.com/better-with-age-knights-of-the-old-republic-2-295428.phtmlIt's a wonderful story told wonderfully, it's deep, rather fun and does a better job of exploring the force than George Lucas could ever hope to manage."
76561198049058261,Recommended,208580,17161186,"Posted: 21 July, 2015",all,Zizoh,YES! FINALLY! IT HAS COME TO MAC!!!I AM SO HAPPY!!!!!!!this is the most influential game of my childhood. i spent so many hours exploring the galaxy with my comrades. it is time to live the dream again :)
,Recommended,208580,31721471,Posted: 13 May,all,Tricky982,"Doesn't work. Ending combat makes you lose control of your character, it just stands there. If anyone has learned of a fix for this, I'd like to know about it. I haven't found any."
76561198199718034,Not Recommended,208580,33386057,Posted: 8 July,all,tonyhakze2,great game dont get me wrong i love the old republic and all its glory but dam is that glich that pervents you from moveing after eatch fight down right terrible not even the fixes i read could help and saveing and loading after eatch fight kills the mood i miss playing this but i just cant with this glitch running amock so i fear im going have to give it a down vote for game breacking glitch.
,Recommended,208580,16258324,"Posted: 8 June, 2015",all,Chewy Yui,"One of my favourite games of all time! Great story, great gameplay. Grab the Content Restored mod to get the ""complete"" experience.Still hoping for a KOTOR 3"
,Recommended,208580,19762849,"Posted: 18 December, 2015",all,yssuP gnipmaC,Knights of the Old Republic alone is better than the first SW Trilogy!What about Knights of the Old Republic 2 ?I have no idea!
,Recommended,208580,19974538,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,Terra,"Was soll man zu Star Wars Knights of the old Republic II bloß sagen, außer eine super genial Fortsetzung des ersten Teils.Für mich die besten beiden Star Wars Spiele.Habe schon den ersten Teil mehrfach durchgespielt, um alle Varianten des Spiels kennenzulernen und freue mich auch bei diesem teil erneut auf das wiederholte durchspielen."
76561198047517815,Recommended,208580,34090396,Posted: 7 August,all,Twisted Crow (Dallas),"Another tough call for me to make, as I also generally liked this game along with it's predecessor. Though, I won't pretend that it's weaknesses are not glaringly obvious. I'd say that this barely gets a 'Thumbs Up' from me. Although, I am going to let you know what you are likely getting into...For one, the game is old. Sure, it's fairly fun... but it's age shows. And I'm not talking about it's graphics. I don't normally care if graphics are dated. Like for its time, this game is still pretty to look at, at times. No, my 'Holy Trinity' on what makes or breaks games tend to be Gameplay, Story Presentation & Stability. In this regard, KOTOR II: The Sith Lords is very ""win some, lose some"" here. If one ignores the bugs and crashes to desktop, then the gameplay might be considered better than it's predecessor.If you like Jedi/Sith, then great news! You are playing as one from the get-go! I am kind of okay with this, even though it takes centuries to get a damn lightsaber. But fine, let us 'earn' that iconic weapon later to represent that as a milestone of character growth in the story. It's a respectable idea, just as long as the story can keep me interested in the time it takes for any cool Jedi/Sith stuff to happen (as did original KOTOR, and I went into that game expecting I'd just stay a bum scoundrel the whole game). Sadly, it's lacking strength in the plot department (more on that below). As for the gameplay itself, it delivers and with a few improvements from the original game. And quite honestly, the only thing I like better about this game compared to the first. As for story and characters, well...Even with 'from solid-to-good' voice-work, key characters tend to have that stale ""tacked-on"" feeling with their given places in the narrative. The story and overall world wouldn't feel quite so linear to me if the characters could take my mind off of it (with more mystique and less transparency). The first KOTOR video game usually gave bits and portions to me in a reasonable story pace, making me eager to see what would happen next. As they sometimes say: ""Less is More"". It is unfortunate that this was something that KOTOR II had always missed, in my opinion. The first few hours of gameplay are practically front-loaded with most of the plot before taking a boring exodus for a while. Then after a couple of more hours of being bored, plot comes back to spice things up for a few minutes. Then... back to boring again. A lot of this wouldn't be an issue if the writing didn't show hands at the table so early (and so often). Oh, and did I mention there was this weird issue with dialog sometimes skipping itself? If only this happened consistently. Like for the boring parts, but it seems to be random.On party members themselves, I would say they serve their purpose but most of them in KOTOR II feel somewhat flat and forgettable (That is, compared to the first game, anyway). I mean, you have predictable Kriea trying to be mysterious and elusive. Then 'Discount Han Solo' (Atton Rand) trying to fill the shoes of both Carth Onasi and Mission Vao. Oh, and later some Zabrak that sounds suspiciously like Christopher Walken on high doses of xanex. His 'arm' is pretty cool looking, though. But unlike KOTOR, KOTOR II doesn't give me that itch to get to know my party members. And I'm one of those Bioware fanboys that like to lounge around at Base/Camp just talking to my party members about their pasts.But hey, the gameplay tends to be rather fun even in the midst of what seems like a lot of filler and fluff. I'd even say that the gameplay is so good that it barely makes up for it's generally 'meh' plot and painful stability issues. So this game could honestly walk away with a meh ""Thumbs up because nostalgia"" like a lot of other reviews.But just know that it's not without it's share of problems. As I said, it's an old game (that was kind of rushed when it first came out, too)."
76561198164985076,Recommended,208580,28906062,Posted: 1 January,all,twinglass5,Grat game plade it too times .Its time to do it agen
,Recommended,208580,28299731,"Posted: 10 December, 2016",all,MortAss,just buy it!
,Recommended,208580,28970074,Posted: 3 January,all,HarryBoy™,"Let me start by saying I own Kotor 2 before i even knew what steam was. Played at least 500 hours when i was little. Just to try everything, get the most exp and achive all dialogs for the dark side :DPros:-Atton, my favourite follower, not only for hilarious 1 liners, but for a highly in-depth and backstory.-A plot that isn't entirely revolved around Light vs Dark, that is intricately woven into the game, forcing you to pay to attention to the decisions you make.-A game where actions ACTUALLY HAVE CONSEQUENCES.-1 playthrough is NOT enough. I love how you can playthrough the game multiple times, but barely scratch the surface of the story.-HK-47. Nuf said.-Multiple styles to play the game. Playing as a Gun-Weilding, Bounty Hunter, Dark Side Sith Lord. Angelic Jedi Guardian. THE GAME DOESNT LIMIT YOU.Cons:-Quite Buggy at times.But this game is no doubt one of the greatest achievements in the history of intellectual products and will go down in history of videogames defiantly standing as the testament that games are a perfectly viable medium for writers to deliver complex and compelling stories.While not free of flaws, the story, writing, pacing, character development are masterfully weaved together to form one of the best, if not THE absolute best RPG the gaming world has to offer."
,Recommended,208580,25004038,"Posted: 18 August, 2016",all,Evester,Beat this game back in the day on the console and was left with a weird ending. Getting it on PC and getting the End game mods along with other mods made a replay very enjoyable. You can get these mods instantly added through the steam market place easily. This game has a great story line and missions to complete. 10/10
76561197993008513,Recommended,208580,20410893,"Posted: 8 January, 2016",all,VGA,"Don't have time to write too much, I got to get back to the game, it's amazing!"
,Recommended,208580,28886876,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,HeartyJest,"Fun game that's definitely worth a play through. Movement and fighting is a bit wonky, but otherwise enjoyable."
,Recommended,208580,22628709,"Posted: 25 April, 2016",all,Cotton91,"Tony sucks at this game, He thinks hes the best but he actually sucks."
76561197991239902,Recommended,208580,24684741,"Posted: 3 August, 2016",all,Mauseleum,"One of the best games of its time and it still is. The fighting system, the dialogues, leveling system and the story.... so much beauty in one game. If you want a quality RPG which has aged well and still looks good, buy this. You will not be disappointed, but you will miss alot if you dont play it.Did play this game trough on Xbox for multiple times... shame you have to grow up and you cant play the stuff you d want :DNeeds a sequel... or preferably many of them."
,Recommended,208580,27587381,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,SiminaI,Disney please do the old republic canon.
76561198108882248,Recommended,208580,21978952,"Posted: 22 March, 2016",all,Satan's_Teacups,It's a good game made by those meatbags at Bioware.
,Recommended,208580,28198024,"Posted: 4 December, 2016",all,Xenoxidos🤔,"Honestly, this game fixed many issues from the first KOTOR, but it doesn't have the great plot from before. I called out what would happen before it happened (not specific only to avoid spoilers).I recommend the game, but only if you played the first KOTOR first."
,Recommended,208580,29228483,Posted: 13 January,all,Chef Michael Smith,HK-47 is still the best character. Should have a game just about HK-47. It should be laid out like a KOTOR game but be a first person shooter so you can just start killing meatbags when the conversations and♥♥♥♥♥♥get boring
76561198052368485,Not Recommended,208580,34191353,Posted: 12 August,all,davidmvp010,"A true sequel to the first, with smoother gameplay and a familiar interface. However, I found this one to have more haphazard story-telling; it wasn't until several hours of playing did I finally understand what the main quest was. TBH, due to the confusing story-line, I lost interest halfway through and would've stopped playing had I not been born with an obsessive need to complete every video game that I play.If you enjoy the Star Wars universe then you should definitley buy this one and its predecessor."
,Recommended,208580,30841956,Posted: 30 March,all,Fyyar,My favorite Star Wars game. Easily the best RPG game I have ever played. Everything right about the original KoTOR was included and excelled upon in the second game.
,Recommended,208580,34106618,Posted: 8 August,all,ENightmare69,"*sigh* what to say.. this COULD of been one of the best Star Wars games I have ever played.. severely let done by corporate greed however.. this sequal to KOTOR was rushed out in time for xmas and it shows.. badly!! KOTOR was epic.. truly epic!! This sequal could of been so so soooo much more!! But unfinished story arks due to Lucas Arts pressuring the devs to get the game out quickly meant plots were unfinished (droid factory for one) and the ending.. the ending.. I won't spoil it for you but it just screams rushed and unfinished.. so many questions unanswered.. thankfully there is a community mod to try and ""finish"" the game off to how it should have been, if Lucas Arts hadn't demanded this game be rished out too quickly..Is it a bad game? Definately not! It was very enjoyable!! And I do highly reccomend playing this AFTER you play the prequal KOTOR as the story does lead on from the first game (you control a different character some time after the events of the first game but still.. trust me.. you will thank me for playing the first game before this one). The only negatives I can give.. is the fact it was clearly rushed out to a deadline so very buggy with unfinished story arks.. like.. litterally.. your droid throughout the game is providing more and more information about something and by the end of the game it's like ""right.. lets go get them!!"" but.. yeah.. not in the game.. chopped that whole section out of the game to rush it out..The shoddy ending and blatent ""rushed"" feel to this as you get firther and further into the game aside.. a highly enjoyable game! Take ont he role of a force sensitive individual and go your own way.. will you be a jedi.. or a Sith? Each party member reacts to your descisions and affects the story. Build and customise your own lightsaber with different crystals to modify the stats and colour.. each party member has their own side story (as I already said above the HK androids is impossible to complete due to the content being cut, unless you get the fan made mod) but this game is well worth playing! Truly.. if you are a Star Wars fan.. and you love rpgs.. then get this!"
76561198026014101,Recommended,208580,30375550,Posted: 7 March,all,gorypunisher,all around great game instant classic
76561198118048935,Recommended,208580,24181621,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,Sonofzook,WHERE IS KOTOR 3
76561198031328124,Recommended,208580,14894138,"Posted: 14 March, 2015",all,Rizilliant,"Sequel to the very well done Knights of the Old Republic (When Bioware still made decent rpgs).. Handed over to Obsidian, and taking place 5 years after the events of the original..It has MUCH more text, and isnt'quite' what the first was, but still very good!If you enjoyed the first, youre likely to enjoy this one.."
76561198093659921,Recommended,208580,19122808,"Posted: 16 November, 2015",all,Tiny Rick,best...game.ever
76561198058043953,Recommended,208580,20778278,"Posted: 26 January, 2016",all,kandnm115709,"Whether KOTOR II is better than KOTOR I is a matter of preference. Personally, I prefer KOTOR I due to better story and companions.KOTOR II added a few new features such as creating and breaking down item, more force powers and better use of cinematic cutscene. However, these new features could've been done better as most of the times, they are practically useless.Remember how easy and fast players got their lightsabers in KOTOR I? Players had to wait for a longer time in KOTOR II to actually get a lightsaber.Some of my complaints in KOTOR I remained in KOTOR II. Kreia tried to balance things out with the light and dark side but ultimately, you are either benevolent as f*ck or evil as sh*t. There's a few new force powers but still not enough useful powers. Items and equipment are still disappointing, even with more upgrade.My main complaint is the difficulty spike and the main bosses. Most parts of the game is easy and the two main bosses are complete pushovers, while in some parts of the game, it's very hard due to the game separates players from it's companion. I had to rely on a bug to defeat the twin Twi'leks using Atton. And the last boss? Unfair is the word I'll use.Speaking of companions, KOTOR II's companion are easily inferior to KOTOR I. Their characters aren't well fleshed out and it's hard for me to get attached to them. I loved HK-47 in KOTOR I but in KOTOR II, he's just... well, there. The only other character I had some attachment is Handmaiden but not enough for me to care for her.Like I said, whether KOTOR II is better than KOTOR I is a matter of preference. I prefer KOTOR I. But it's still an enjoyable 2005 game.RECOMMENDED       : KOTOR I fansNOT RECOMMENDED: KOTOR I fans who wanted better story, companions and improved gameplay."
,Recommended,208580,33388624,Posted: 8 July,all,Longboard Cat,Heavily-modded paw of approval.
,Recommended,208580,14502612,"Posted: 16 February, 2015",all,Dar-Ma,"Enjoyable game, interesting and reasonably engaging story. I have only played it with the The Sith Lords Restored Content Mod, so I can't comment on the unmodded version.Whilst not the key focus of the game, I did find the combat to be... jarring? Some force powers seem to be resisted every time, whereas others seem to be resisted by no one at any point and can be spammed to win. Some of the puzzles seem a little bit arbitrary, and at one point in the game the number of assassins who tried to kill me was reaching a ridiculous number. I'm talking two groups a minute when I was just wandering around a city.Anyway, I feel like there problems are largely down to preference and how I played the game, which is fine. The story is interesting, as are the characters. Ultimately I don't think it's as good as the original KOTOR, especially the ending which I thought was no one near as interesting. In summary, KOTOR> KOTOR 2> not playing any KOTORs."
76561198114427595,Not Recommended,208580,35479080,Posted: 4 October,all,koltpoff,if they fix the FPS itd be great but it lagges to much
,Not Recommended,208580,30134746,Posted: 23 February,all,unstoppableluck,"The story line isn't as good as the first game but I still enjoyed it.The most frustrating part of the game was how ♥♥♥♥♥♥ they designed certain levels and fights to where you have to run with a blaster, shoot, get distance and shoot, run away, repeat.The game devs clearly didn't play the game.such tactics shouldn't have to be used to get by unskippable missions."
,Recommended,208580,12726367,"Posted: 1 November, 2014",all,Brannon,My favorite game from the original xbox
,Recommended,208580,31514763,Posted: 2 May,all,dummmyy,"I KEEP HAVING TO RESTART THIS GAME BECAUSE PAUL AT THE LIBRARY KEEPS ERASING IT OFF THE LIBRARY PC'S. F YOU, 'PAUL'. THAT GUY'S A♥♥♥♥♥♥ FIRST 4 HOURS OF THE GAME ARE REALLY GOOD, WISH I COULD PLAY THE REST OF IT."
76561198053248524,Recommended,208580,13022603,"Posted: 20 November, 2014",all,X-Cal,Ahhh how much i love this game! Played the first one on the Xbox and loved it and this just continues the legacy.
,Recommended,208580,13408856,"Posted: 16 December, 2014",all,Turtle,"All I can say about this game is that its a pretty decent game... Now don't take that like I dislike the game, I don't Infact I love it! But its just the combat that ruins it for me. Fighting by it self is fun but when my character and both of my companions get confused by an invisible wall and are unable to attack while they get gun downed by droids is pretty annoying. Now I understand this can be fixed by moving my character manually but I some times I doesn't fix the problem. But if you can look past that problem ""Which  is THAT big of a problem"" you will find a very fun game! I have heard that the story leaves on a cliff hanger and really isn't resolved in the MMO SWTOR but I'll see it when I believe it.One little tip when you buy this game, Get the restored content mod It's on the workshop and its pretty easy to find. It's one of my top 10 mods for this game"
,Recommended,208580,8566171,"Posted: 4 January, 2014",all,2 Chewbaccas,"Garbage. There's at best, one Chewbacca. And you don't even get to be a Star War."
,Recommended,208580,7743257,"Posted: 25 November, 2013",all,Pop_Eye,"This game is that good, The mods are that good that i would do evil things to play a sequal, And i mean EVIL THINGS."
,Recommended,208580,15086018,"Posted: 27 March, 2015",all,Stare's Sex Slave,"Pretty awesome with the mod downloaded. A nice ride worthy of the Star Wars genre. Would definately recommend if you fell in love with Kotor. The endings feel incredible and epic, its like fighting several Darth Vaders in a very cool battle.Skryim without the damned weight limits, several party members, more simple, wtih lazerz and freaking LIGHTSABERZBuy this♥♥♥♥♥♥"
,Recommended,208580,1811605,"Posted: 22 May, 2013",all,Thę ÅñtįFüń Ėqūætîøn,"HEY YOU!YES YOU, YOU SKINNY LIMP WRISTED ♥♥♥♥♥♥!WHY THE ♥♥♥♥ HAVEN'T YOU PLAYED THIS YET?!SIT THE ♥♥♥♥ DOWN AND LET ME TELL YOU SOMETHINGTHIS IS THE BEST WRITTEN THING IN THE ENTIRE ♥♥♥♥ING STAR WARS FRANCHISEYEAH, THAT INCLUDES THE FIRST KOTOR""b-b-but muh Revan plot twist""♥♥♥♥ YOU, ♥♥♥♥♥♥THERE IS NO GREAT REVELATION, THERE IS ONLY MY♥♥♥♥♥♥IN YOUR MOUTHYOU WANNA PLAY GAME THAT MAKES YOU FEEL LIKE♥♥♥♥♥♥WHEN YOU HELP SOME RANDOM SICK ♥♥♥♥♥♥S?PLAY THIS ♥♥♥♥ING GAMEGOD ♥♥♥♥ING DAMN"
,Recommended,208580,9245135,"Posted: 24 February, 2014",all,The Gaming Turtle,"I personally like K.O.T.O.R. 2. It, like the first one, has ups and downs. Here are a list of mine:+Different combat system-Different combat system+VERY well writen story+Roleplay game (choose Good or Evil).-Beginning is too long (Peragus and Telos)+Doesn't require a high graghics chipand that's what I personally think is cool and not cool about K.O.T.O.R. 2"
76561198058032065,Not Recommended,208580,30658991,Posted: 21 March,all,Doug McK,"The game wont load properly for me to play it, any help with the issue would help. iv deteleted the file and re downloaded it but it still wont work. love the game would like to play it"
,Recommended,208580,22950689,"Posted: 13 May, 2016",all,Goldeneye,I had to wash off the bad taste of  the Force Awakens
,Recommended,208580,22931947,"Posted: 12 May, 2016",all,XXXscatman69420,love it i jerk everytime it loads up
,Recommended,208580,8131743,"Posted: 19 December, 2013",all,Twitch973,"this game doesnt even work, dont buy it"
76561198075213880,Recommended,208580,8179618,"Posted: 21 December, 2013",all,Catchphraze,"I can't do anything the game Sucks, i cant get past the begining because it dosent work"
76561198007226198,Recommended,208580,17230787,"Posted: 25 July, 2015",all,Lato,"BUGS! Omg! If this is the restored ver I am playing I do not even want to know how buggy the default steam ver is...Why does steam have a buggy old game on their store????????????We have cutscenes that skip themselves and voiceovers that just cut out, and in a game with LOTS of voice overs....Still if you want to play this on PC this is your best chance, and it's cheap."
76561197990134697,Recommended,208580,17182030,"Posted: 22 July, 2015",all,Meatsim,"Another great Obsidian game, and the pennacle of Star Wars storytelling in video games to date.  Must buy."
76561197998174905,Recommended,208580,13187844,"Posted: 1 December, 2014",all,Girugamesh!,lol spoiler b.t.w's youre revan. Good game play it and then play it again then ♥♥♥♥ it 1 more time.
,Recommended,208580,15697210,"Posted: 5 May, 2015",all,Marinxar,"Awesome game and very immersive. Find myself wanting to play SW KOTOR I again after this. If you enjoyed that, you will love this."
,Recommended,208580,13369630,"Posted: 14 December, 2014",all,♠♥໓ē ¢l໐ຟຖ♣♦,maybeeeee
76561198091138194,Recommended,208580,8087500,"Posted: 17 December, 2013",all,Mr. Peanut,so much FUN!!!!
,Recommended,208580,17164017,"Posted: 21 July, 2015",all,wookiee,Greate game old But awesome also they just updated the game xD Workshop added and controller support20/10 BUY this game you will love it <3
,Recommended,208580,17162911,"Posted: 21 July, 2015",all,Invisible Marshmallow,an game to have
76561198325393878,Recommended,208580,34490802,Posted: 25 August,all,COMRADELENIN,been 3 weeks and still havent finished. GREAT GAME THOUGH DONT LET LENGTH HURT FUN!
,Recommended,208580,9838352,"Posted: 16 April, 2014",all,BadgerMole,"The story does majorly suck, but it's alright. Not as good as the first.The gameplay though makes it. The weapon customization was way more in-depth unlike first one.And combat and graphics are nice as well. It looks prettier.Voices are done well too.7/10 Obsidian messed up, but eh, you can cope with it and still enjoy it a lot."
,Not Recommended,208580,34761247,Posted: 5 September,all,coldasicex76,"Game freezes not long after the damn game begins, tried running in windows made and it doesnt help, save your money steam will not help you fix it"
,Recommended,208580,20204976,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,P*ter,controls are janky
,Recommended,208580,17257609,"Posted: 27 July, 2015",all,Erwin Rommel,"AMAZING!Now just *please* make ***KOTOR 3***I dont care who makes it, Bioware, Obsidian, just make it...KOTOR 3KOTOR 3KOTOR 3KOTOR 3KOTOR 3 for the love of god"
,Recommended,208580,17183446,"Posted: 22 July, 2015",all,RebelBubba,"Been a Star Wars fan for a long time and KOTOR II in my opinion is the best out of Star Wars video games. This new update they've implemented has been very much needed for a long time. I'm not going to list the improvements, because I think of this as a reboot of the game. That's how big this update is for this game. I mean, it no longer crashes on start up on modern computers. Just that bug fix would've made me happy so I wouldn't have to search the internet for 6 hours to figure out how to make it work. (sigh)Now to the actual gameplay:Much like Fallout, but in the Star Wars universe, but with less customization of the character.Like Fallout, you can make good decisions and bad decisions, but instead of karma, it's the side of the force you're on. (Important in late game)FANTASTIC STORYLINE: Obviously I'm not gonna put spoilers in here, but the story telling of Bethesda is 10/10 once again.This game is both RPG, and a realtime strategy game, all in third person. Who should I attack, with whom should I attack, what do I attack with, when do I heal, when should I use the force? So many variables to think about.Many different force powers are in this game, and when certain powers are combined with a certain character setup, (levels of strength, charisma, wisdom, etc.) they can become very powerful.EVERY PLAYTHROUGH WILL BE DIFFERENT. Unless of course you do the same combination of things everytime, but that's boring.That's just a handful of things that are good about this game. With that said, if you're a graphics snob, you're gonna have a bad time because, yes, this game is over 10 years old; and even with this update there are still some bugs that happen, but I haven't had any bug experiences that make me lose game progress unless I have forgotten to save in a while.Basically, if you are a fan of Fallout and a fan of Star Wars, this is a must-have game for you, but when it comes down to whether you should buy it or not, that is a decision you have to make for yourself. I'm not gonna be ""that guy"" to tell you to buy or not buy this game. Hopefully I've helped you make that decision.RebelBubba out."
,Recommended,208580,19351241,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,Jambatti,"Really, how the heck did i miss that game last 10 years?10/10 one of the best rpg ever, pure classic"
76561198082687413,Recommended,208580,16673910,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,wrhunter,"If you like star wars, if you can endure tons of bugs (of course you can use tslrcm), then you will find it worth your time."
,Recommended,208580,16744195,"Posted: 27 June, 2015",all,My mom's Dead,fight a war that you didn't start 2/10!!!!
,Recommended,208580,7389378,"Posted: 14 October, 2013",all,Elriendel,"Not as good as the first, but still worth playing. Kreia is a great character, Canderous is back kickin@ss and also HK-47, whose grumpy lines are the funniest, especially if you've played the first game."
,Recommended,208580,8184144,"Posted: 21 December, 2013",all,Just A Hunk of Wood,"There is no good or evil, but there is  only consequences is this game's lesson.  The dialogue is not toned down and treats you like an intelligent player. You will meet many characters with deep personalities and rich backstories. You will learn the suffering that war can inflict on people, which of many scars are often less obvious. The characters within this game will change your perspectives on life and you'll be certainly able to compare situtations  that happen in game to that of your own life.Not for kiddies that want to shoot everything."
76561198124318528,Recommended,208580,11074599,"Posted: 4 July, 2014",all,Charfira,"love this game waaaay to much, esp with all the mods availible now"
76561198002615580,Recommended,208580,9444400,"Posted: 12 March, 2014",all,Lou Decho,"Buggy game. Got 12 hours in only to have my game not load up a cutscene that lets me progress in the story. other than that it's a fantastic game and I just wish I could have a save that'll let me skip Nar shadda, ♥♥♥♥ Goto."
76561198048412491,Recommended,208580,15496850,"Posted: 22 April, 2015",all,dvelshnef,One of my favorite games of all time.
,Recommended,208580,7429447,"Posted: 19 October, 2013",all,vertopci,Quite possibly the greatest RPG ever made.
76561198013106383,Recommended,208580,8175538,"Posted: 21 December, 2013",all,Sujmob,Probably my favorite RPG of all time. A must play game.
76561198051796652,Recommended,208580,9193577,"Posted: 20 February, 2014",all,Leghorse,"this was a dark turn in the KOTOR series. Obsidian done a decent job but i still feel they could have taken more time with the game and the story.in Darth Nihilus they had potentially the coolest Sith Lord, but he didnt get as big a part as Darth Sion.I do hear there is a mod to add the extra story that was originally cut from the game. worth a check.81/100"
,Recommended,208580,10326433,"Posted: 2 June, 2014",all,Yung Ghadakbar,This game is one of the best games in history although it lacked a few major plot points and details; using the kotor tsl rcm makes it about a 9.8 in my opinion
76561198072421595,Recommended,208580,10919804,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,allen le amlond,"I really don't know how to put this, Knights of the Old Republic II is...a bit strange compared to its predecessor.In the first game, the story seemed linear but was very interesting and overall pretty great. The combat and enviorment and everything was great, and KOTOR was amazing.Knights of the Old Republic II is a step in a very interesting directions.The story is a bit of an exaggeration when it comes to clarity. I didn't understand the story's total capacity and I really didn't get all the story. Without spoiling the game, the story was good, but it really seemed to end strong.The Combat is virtually the same, and I've played the first game around accouple hundred hours. Newer powers and some neat crafting items is really a refreshing step in the game. I love upgrading newer parts for my lightsaber and I thought some unique parts in the game were a lot more flushed out.Overall, KOTOR II fell back in the story aspect. I really enjoyed the game though. I only wish the conclusion and story outcome was a little better devolped. (Yes, I know there's multiple endings, light and dark sides.) I wish though that you were'nt seperated from your party as much. It falls slightly short of the first, but I would say it's a must own for Star Wars fans alike.                    My Final Score-  8/10"
,Recommended,208580,17179615,"Posted: 22 July, 2015",all,TopHatRaptor,Everyone's a Jedi - The Video Game
,Recommended,208580,23770851,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,JVE,.
76561198156380284,Recommended,208580,20169335,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,"DJ The God, Conqueror of Worlds","No, just, just no. I don't know why I'm recommending it. There is no UNLIMITED POWWWWWWWWAHHHHHHHHH!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!"
76561198116231142,Recommended,208580,23355579,"Posted: 2 June, 2016",all,MF DOOM,cant keep my hands to myself
76561198038015860,Not Recommended,208580,29562135,Posted: 29 January,all,Shingen,"I used to have this game in a multipack of other of other star wars games, granted there were some bugs but they were playable. I was able to play this game and KOTOR easily with no issue really. However through steam this game crashes my PC and crashes the game, I played for about 30 mins then spent more time trying to fix the issue by reading loads of forums and tweeking my game. Sufficed to say that it didn't work and this game will forever broken through steam for me atleast, basically its just another one of those old games where Valve has gone ""this was great 12 years ago lets get it for Steam and leave it the way it is even though computers have advanced greatly over these past years""...Yeah thanks Valve, I wasted £6.99. In the words of Obi-Wan Kenobi ""Good Job"""
76561198097550039,Recommended,208580,13371957,"Posted: 14 December, 2014",all,JPAPY,It's good. Only seems to play in an odd widescreen ratio though.
76561198053660349,Recommended,208580,9878874,"Posted: 20 April, 2014",all,Lubemobile Kid,I get balls deep into the storyline every time. It's my GOTD
,Recommended,208580,9893879,"Posted: 21 April, 2014",all,Wizard of Chaos,Install the restored content mod and this is better than the original.
,Recommended,208580,30914529,Posted: 2 April,all,Pup.,"I originally played the Xbox release version how many years ago. And this still holds up if my Nostalgia Goggles aren't clouding my vision too much.When I first heard there was Steam Workshop support and a full restoration mod, I decided to buy both this and first game all at once to go back and experience everything all over again.And it was a wonderful choice.Make As Many People A Jedi As Possible Simulator 2005 is one of the top RPG's in my book."
76561197975584561,Recommended,208580,28390683,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,Yaniv,wow again
76561198020287234,Recommended,208580,10434542,"Posted: 11 June, 2014",all,boggles24,"WINDOWS 7/64-bit do not purchase but as a game its amazing though i have yet to play it on my system due to lack of support by steam unless you want to ""donate"" to steam"
,Recommended,208580,10605662,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,Mehungrey,Seriously?
,Recommended,208580,10694048,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,Lorandil,"Damn son, where'd you find this?"
,Recommended,208580,8971518,"Posted: 4 February, 2014",all,JamH9,ricardo bosstietha
76561198052665775,Recommended,208580,13434728,"Posted: 18 December, 2014",all,Daledevil,I like space.
,Recommended,208580,16852167,"Posted: 2 July, 2015",all,Vape Naysh,Go to ♥♥♥♥♥ reddit
76561198040375997,Recommended,208580,17371041,"Posted: 3 August, 2015",all,Cosmic Castaway A90,"The question that was presented with this game was how in the world you could compete with KOTOR's story, it's characters, and it's world, for a sequel? How on Earth could you take the pinnacle of RPGs and create another story to meet with those expectations? The answer is simple: You can't, and you don't try. Instead, you look for a different type of story to be told, one that is not only vastly different from the original game, but is a different tale within the Star Wars universe as a whole. The Sith Lords rips apart the seemingly simple battle between Light vs Dark, and casts a dark shadow upon all the principles behind the universe, and then constantly scolds you for taking actions of the light and dark. There are grey areas everywhere you go in this game, but it is not just in the usual style of morality, in which you try to find the 'right' answer, as that is fairly clear to see. What it asks you is whether or not the right answer is one that truly helps those around you, or if you weaken them by taking on their problems. TSL's story is much smaller and more sinister in comparision to KOTOR, but it manages to have even more depth and complexity thanks to the brilliant writing of key characters, at the top being the enigmatic Kreia. This old woman is the core of what makes the theme work in the game, as she constantly sits at that grey area that previously didn't exist in Star Wars. Story is the core of what makes this a worthy entry into the Star Wars lore, but it is also backed up by deeper gameplay. Crafting is much more involving and complex than KOTOR, especially when it comes to lightsaber construction. And the wait for your lightsaber makes it feel so much more satisfying, as it is something you have put time and effort into building. Never before in a Star Wars game has my lightsaber felt like a part of my character as it does here. Originally, this game's only downfall was that it remained largely unifinished and as a result was very buggy. But thanks to the huge update that is no longer an issue, as you can install the Restored Content Mod on the workshop that fixes nearly all the issues of the game. There is a bug with grass not working with certain graphics cards, but I shall give a link to a fix for it. Overall, the game is a masterpeice in many similiar and different areas than it's predecessor, but still, a work of art when it comes to RPGs. The more personal story, the darker atmosphere, more complex gameplay mechanics, and it's almost satirical view on everything that makes up Star Wars ensures this game it's rightful place as a worthy successor to Knights Of The Old Repulic.(link for grass texture fix:http://www.gog.com/forum/star_wars_knights_of_the_old_republic_series/invisible_enemieslegs_glitch)"
76561198054516258,Recommended,208580,8767499,"Posted: 19 January, 2014",all,david.alltree66@yahoo.com,how come i cannot play my game star wars knights of the old republic 2
,Recommended,208580,18483816,"Posted: 15 October, 2015",all,Pete,Crashfest 10/10
76561198084240280,Recommended,208580,19912613,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,SexeTigeRrR,You want to play KOTO2... You will join the dark side... Because the dark side have cookies... you will now buy this game and F*ck you KREIA STOP CRAWLING IN TO MY HEAD ! :D
,Recommended,208580,26545259,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,Thorbear,"It's Star Wars, buy it."
,Recommended,208580,16308658,"Posted: 11 June, 2015",all,chaotic neutral,Apathy is death tbh
76561198018679417,Recommended,208580,14929722,"Posted: 16 March, 2015",all,hogie9,"I found the story of KOTOR I more engrossing, but this is still an excellent game.  One of the few Star Wars series (along with X-wing/Tie Fighter) that would be just as fun and enjoyable if it had nothing to do with Star Wars."
,Recommended,208580,12751441,"Posted: 2 November, 2014",all,Black Cat,"Keeps the morality system of the first game but adds an influence system where your morality reflects in your allies if you get them to like you.  The game offers more of the same fun experience as the first game with small tweaks here and there.  However, due to it being rushed, the game is almost unplayable without the restored content mod."
,Recommended,208580,12734661,"Posted: 1 November, 2014",all,Aruna7,"I liked KOTOR II much more when I played it for the second time around, years after my first game. I found the story more compelling and the gameplay was entertaining. I found the companions more interesting this time around, though I wish some of them had had more interaction available. It felt a bit unbalanced. Overall, KOTOR II remains a solid game for Star Wars fans!"
76561198128399774,Recommended,208580,12737418,"Posted: 1 November, 2014",all,A E S T H E T I C,"okay, so im a huge star wars fan boy... i always have been ;) ive played pretty much every star wars game to date on playstation 2 and xbox! Star Wars Knights Of The Old Republic 2 is well hugely flawed...well the pc version at least and despite all of this and having replayed this game several time over i am in LOVE with this game!!KOTOR 2 was no where near as good as KOTOR 1 however it did add a few new ""tweeks"" here and there that made the game a massive success! in KOTOR 2 you play as an ex jedi simply known as ""the exile"" he or she was one of revans second in command generals who participated in the mandalorian wars.now i know KOTOR 2 isnt without bugs, hell i played the game for only 2 hours and i had crashes and my pc aint that bad! XD however with a bit of research and tweeks here n there in the game files i have had an amazing time with the game!KOTOR 2 is definatly a ""put off ish"" kinda game if you like your games ""bug free"" however with a bit of time and paitence, KOTOR 2 is worth it and at the end of the day thats what gaming is all about :)Word Mother ♥♥♥♥ah!! ;)"
76561198038604965,Recommended,208580,13173571,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,Stannis Baratheon,KOTOR II + Restoration Mod = Best Star Wars story ever told.
76561198093328437,Recommended,208580,13176818,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,Elephant Man,It's okay I guess. I did only sit down and play this game once though.
76561198058856665,Recommended,208580,14060907,"Posted: 18 January, 2015",all,TK-421,If u have played the first one then you will love this.
76561198022215354,Recommended,208580,14061173,"Posted: 18 January, 2015",all,lethal ape,Great game which compliments the original.  Great characters.  Same bug of not allowing the main plaer to walk.  Get through that bullplop and you have a classic game to play.  Gorgeous saber colors.Fun stuff.
76561198012271123,Recommended,208580,14063438,"Posted: 19 January, 2015",all,enderpants,"I originally played the butchered Xbox version of Kotor 2, and wow, holy moly is this version amazing providing you install the completion patch or whatever it's called. Don't play this version unless you do that patch thing too! (Can you tell I know absolutely nothing about computer stuff?) Seriously though, a really fantastic game with great characters, challenging combat, and super fun lightsaber spinning action. Derp. I tried playing the MMO Kotor, and got so bored I went back to play this. Teehee Jedi. 8/10"
,Recommended,208580,14124200,"Posted: 23 January, 2015",all,Sylar,"Awesome follow-up story to the original game, but the fact that it was rushed to be released still shows. I had multiple problems with cutscenes not having sound and dialogues skipping through until you get to make a choice -- both were fixed by verifying the cache files. I do recommend that a player installs the Sith Lord Restoration Project mods, as it adds in tons of cut content that enriches the story."
76561198070784079,Recommended,208580,14054769,"Posted: 18 January, 2015",all,_Kairon_,"Fudge me nugget I need a life. Like ""Vroom vroom get out me car."" Wow Kreia I kinda hate you, you're darude to Atton but for realsies you're kind of *Spoiler alert spoiler alert spoiler alert* a ♥♥♥♥♥ to kill cause you don't die twice and I had to cheat to kill you but no matter the game is ""choice"" and I recommend it twice cause I've played it for about 200 hr's between Xbox and PC ok imma go eat food cause I havent caues I been playing this oh hell save me."
76561198087829436,Recommended,208580,14101215,"Posted: 21 January, 2015",all,343code,with the game was on sale so i can buy them all i want all the star wars games for under 50$ :(
76561198206308520,Recommended,208580,14148613,"Posted: 24 January, 2015",all,montgomery77414,"Dear Steam,DO NOT release a game that won't work on a modern os, especially a great game like this. Even on the lowest graphic settings this game will NOT run on windows 7. I will always recommend the game itself, but it never should have been for sale if it won't run smoothly."
,Recommended,208580,14187344,"Posted: 26 January, 2015",all,michaelmtv,"This and KOTOR 1 hold a special place in my heart as the first RPGs I ever played. For some reason I prefer this installment over the first...maybe I like the deconstruction aspect or the (relatively) realistic characters, the morally grey tone. Or the fact that playing a Dark Jedi with a Sith Lord Specialization makes the game hilariously easy to beat.I recommend getting the Restoration Patch, get the best experience with it."
76561198098082106,Recommended,208580,14288727,"Posted: 1 February, 2015",all,Hannah,Such good game. Much fun.
,Recommended,208580,14304280,"Posted: 2 February, 2015",all,Daringer,Good game overal. It's a bit glitchy and I'm told not as good as I but my PC wont run I for some reason so I can't compare the 2.
,Recommended,208580,11154435,"Posted: 9 July, 2014",all,Cleverous,"The Skyrim of its day, which has clearly passed... But is still a fine piece of nostalgic gaming fun."
,Not Recommended,208580,32158916,Posted: 3 June,all,BlockGrylls,i stopped playing b/c it has a lot of bugs on newer systems
,Recommended,208580,22017428,"Posted: 23 March, 2016",all,Big Beefin' Brutus,"Honestly one of the greatest games I have ever played. Even if you dont like Star Wars this is still a very solid RPG. Buy it now, I put off buying it for too long and regret it, it is worth every 10th of a cent you spend on it"
76561198312236680,Recommended,208580,29724798,Posted: 5 February,all,alex1453ad,"After the awful prequal movies,, I personally lost all interest in starwars.This epic game renewed my interest in the starwars universe."
76561198154218083,Recommended,208580,13041124,"Posted: 22 November, 2014",all,Wolf,Ok this game is amazing i would recommend this game to anyone. if you do get the game i would recommend getting the TSRCM mod it restores the content that was left out of the game. But even without the TSRCM mod it is still an amazing game.
76561197990971479,Recommended,208580,12998163,"Posted: 18 November, 2014",all,kreight,"Yes! Very interesting and enticing! I've played the first and the sequal to the KOtOR series and they are one of my favorite RPG series of all time... The only thing that you must watch for are the many bugs in THIS game (KOtOR 1 is fine). I recommend downloading the ""The Sith Lords Restored Content Mod"" mod, it fixes many bugs and improves aspects of the game that were not too good. Don't blame the developers, but the publisher for the mess that this is without that mod... It was rushed out."
76561198283586703,Recommended,208580,25467880,"Posted: 11 September, 2016",all,Kim Il-Sung,Reall gud game. I like how they starred Indiana Jones as the main character and Obama as a protocol droid. It really added to the immersion. My party were moaning because I was going around and killing people and stuff- I don't tell them how to live heir lives. I like howThe final bad guy is Elvis Presleyit real is a tribute to him.
,Recommended,208580,8421191,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,blackdeathmessenger,"While a good game in it's own right, it has some huge plotholes that don't make much sense. Features a few graphical improvements over the first one. Could have used a little more time in development 5.5/10"
76561198050508150,Recommended,208580,17212286,"Posted: 24 July, 2015",all,Heather,The game is great. Plays better on my mac than it did on my Xbox. Only complaint I have is that we are limited to about 4 maybe 5 mods maximum. Steam needs to fix this so that we can install as many mods as we want. Really there are a bunch of great mods for this game and more being created and uploaded to steam. Please fix asap!
76561198357525713,Not Recommended,208580,30827758,Posted: 29 March,all,Dontaskmuch,Keeps loading jedi when load saved game _._ keep losing my charater
76561198149119613,Recommended,208580,26527972,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,Nocturnal Citrus,"Childhood game, what up?"
,Recommended,208580,29066300,Posted: 6 January,all,Zloth,"A pretty good game now thanks to modding - especially given the price.  Some really annoying issues from the first game are still around, though.+ Some really good characters.  HK-47 even gets a personal mission!+ Pretty good writing throughout with a few really brilliant bits.+ Music is well done+ It's STAR WARS!  Wizards, space ships, glowing swords, and robots!+ Graphics are good enough that you don't feel like you're playing with Lego people.+ Steam Workshop integration makes modding a breeze.+ Characters often get stuck on their own so you often have to deal with their individual weaknesses.+ Price!  You get a LOT of game for $10.  (You can get the game for even less if you wait for a sale but come on - even a 100% off sale only saves you ten bucks.  Buy it whenever you're ready to play it.)- Balance is a mess in the last half of the game.  Most of the time you'll be facing enemies that are trivial.  Then you'll suddenly be forced to have your gun specialist fight a couple of melee fighters alone in a small room.- Bioware didn't get party AI right until Dragon Age.  Melee fighters will run off and attack enemies before you're ready.  Jedi won't bother to use their powers unless you take control and force them to do so <ahem>.- You get to tell the game a little about what you did in KotOR 1 but most of it isn't up for debate.  Even though it's been over a decade since I played the first game, it was still jarring.- Economy and crafting become pointless quickly.  I spent a little money at the start of the game but the balance is so far off that there's no need to buy new stuff or upgrade what you've got.  I stopped bothering to sell about a third of the way through the game.Overall the game gets an up vote from me.  You'll be cussing at the game and your AI companions but you get used to the quirks eventually and can just get on with pushing rooms full of enemies around and/or zapping them with evil force lightning."
76561198024502690,Recommended,208580,31775869,Posted: 15 May,all,Hoptite,👍
76561197986133515,Recommended,208580,13697220,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,DavsNFFC,awesome game loved the first couldnt wait to play this one didnt dissapoint
76561198155997495,Not Recommended,208580,34993314,Posted: 16 September,all,b_gobrial,l cant play it it just stop
,Recommended,208580,23445264,"Posted: 7 June, 2016",all,Iwanabaengineer,Handsdown the best game iv ever played!
,Recommended,208580,29044485,Posted: 5 January,all,Actual Klan Member,mommy doesnt let me play with dads lightsaber
,Recommended,208580,12019895,"Posted: 7 September, 2014",all,росто94™ #🅱ottom Text,Durka durk
,Recommended,208580,12062987,"Posted: 11 September, 2014",all,Austin,So far so good.
76561198127817295,Not Recommended,208580,25079313,"Posted: 22 August, 2016",all,Powerglove64,"This game, this game....now I understand where the “average rating” scored came from and here's why.I played the first game and gave it a review; it was a good standard star wars space opera game that had good story, characters and good gameplay. When I bought the sequel I thought it would be epic but no, it felt more on the lines of average. Probably slightly below average but average is what I most felt it.STORYThe story here had potential it really does! It builds up to this sense hype of the reveal. As you start to progress from the story you meet this old Jedi name Kreia and you start having this bond between you and her as apprentice master, you start noticing that the Sith is back (not big surprise honestly) and you must convince the Jedi order to join your side but it will be difficult because of your exile from the Order that you had committed.It felt so exciting but it began slowly with plot holes that make no sense, like leaving the mining field and suddenly boom! Sith just appear right out of nowhere in the mine facility, those moments you swear you feel you miss watching some cut scenes. Not to mention the ending where it leaves you a cliffhanger and you just ask what happen to this certain event, or why is he important to the certain role that at the end you forgot about him in the first place. All of this doesn’t explain and it acts that kotor 3 will come “for the truth” which honestly doesn’t deserve that excuse for an easy explanation to the minor plot holes (especially of how nice the revelation came to be.) Not only that but certain moments of the game you feel a rush of excitement when combat starts but in moments where you think the “badass” comes, it falls flat. Sometimes those moments are good but sometimes there are weak moments I can’t explain why they didn’t pursue those moments to be epic once, maybe budget or time cuts?Star wars the clone charactersNow don’t get me wrong, there are now many new aliens in kotor 2 and they have improved on the human models to not look the same all the time. No, I am talking about your AI companions, they aren’t that bad is just that first I notice that most of the personality they act comes from the previous characters from kotor 1, I don’t know if is me but I swear Atton is like a copy of Carth, but much annoying, his back story doesn’t even help liking him more. As for the rest of the characters I don’t find them as much of a connection as to my old crew, for one thing the new “trust” system looks good at first but then certain dialogues tend to repeat themselves if not few, so there is not much of open conversation unless I’m missing something? The worst thing about your companions is that half of them are useless on their purpose to ""follow you"", Mira and especially G0-T0 is the worst offenders because their existence is absolute pointless, they could just be easily set aside as quest favors or temporarily companions, those characters I stumble upon almost at the end of the game, which by the time I go for the final mission I forgot I can select this character she/he decide to tag along.There are few new characters I sort of fond of like Visa a blind Sith who seeks the truth of your adventure and Kreia, an interesting wise old (yet selfish she seems within her reason) Jedi who wants to lead the protagonist to the right path, at least in her view. The technician and finally the always fan favorite HK-47 who is now I think funnier than ever before especially if you give him the Pacific chip, you will get a chuckle out of him. You can always influence your partners to be good or bad depends of your Force meter and even train them to be Jedi padawans! Though their attitudes don’t change only when enough “trust” and finish some certain dialogue you can teach them of the force, that’s all.How about the villains they are great right! Well….one of them, Sith Sion looks so cool with its corpse shape body, don’t feel any pain and just want death! The other with a haunted mask, um…what’s his name again? Half of the play through I completely forgot his name, he had potential he looks like a badass next level villain going on, he is a leech that sucks up the Force and drains it out until the person is dead is sounds so cool-if we get more scenes out of him! Back story I don’t know much about except when I look in Kotor 2 wiki to know more about the guy and I only know little of him in the game, the comic seems to show a bit more backstory and shows more of an actual intimidating villian. Sadly in the game he is an underrated villain that gets a few lines and screenshots like Darth Maul and not the full extend potential this guy could have been. I love him and Sion and I want him to have as much attention as he had but I guess the comic should make it up for it.dark side, light side what’s the difference?Sadly they dumb down the “moral meter” like if you're going for light side, yes you have good moments with people you met but the major characters that will judge you near the end, nope they will treat you like a monster and at the end your effect will be “good” but only through story telling instead of seeing the effects. Want to be dark side, be a prick to everyone with no reason and the major characters will see you the same monster they still sees in you and at the end your effects, same thing story telling that you ""feel"" the horrid impact but the effect is less than when you are good, show don’t tell is always important. Especially in the “trust” system your partners morals are really one sided, like one of the good character calls you out on doing something bad but next mission she slaughter innocent characters and even encourage the players to do so. There is the flaw of the trust system the inconsistent character moral placements, it just do what it wants to nag you and the characters will have no impact if you did something terribly wrong, they would not question nor abandon you or any, though if you go to the dark side you will get more dark side characters than it is light side characters, but it is the same. Bad characters don’t react on your good behavior on some missions but in one particular simple mission they would go all out on you.Gameplay and ConclusionGameplay is nice and it adds a few elements to it like crafting, new force powers, new partner trust system, they are good but it feels like this game had been rush like it could have add more than just a few treats and that’s what most people had an issue with. Not only cut contents but the bugs is everywhere!  I spot many dialogue glitch problems when talking to an NPC, not to mention some scenes will froze itself or don’t do anything, it is frustrating. Thankfully and I can’t believe I haven’t realize the existing of it, but there is a very good mod called “the sith lord restored content modification (I will link it at the end of the review) it fixes “most” of the issues even add some of the plot holes that was missing, it is like the actual sequel to Kotor 2. At its “vanilla” state I will give a 5/10 (I wish steam has a medium choice option, but as for vanilla state is a no option, but the mod defiinatly a yes on improvment) it had potential but for the “holiday rush” it did show the end result of bugs, missing contents the works. But for the restored mod content if I played it again fully, it could get a 6 or maybe 7 out of 10 but as of now I am moving on to other games so hopefully when I have the time and energy I will play the full version, is a must have to get the full experience.https://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=485537937"
,Not Recommended,208580,31600863,Posted: 7 May,all,städArn,Crashes crashes crashes... This game was awesome back in the days but don't attempt to play it on windows 10 if you want to keep your sanity. It's a shame that Steam sells all these old games which are broken on modern PCs.
,Not Recommended,208580,27584254,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Stärke,"Not as good as number 1, that's for sure. Can't explain why but when you start on KOTOR 1, you feel like you have a mission or duty to carry out. in 2, you just don't. 2 was very complicated in terms of gameplay (to much interraction with robots, light shields and other♥♥♥♥♥♥ plus the controls for PC are all over the place. do yourself a favour and get number one instead, i must have played that game about four times over wheras i don't think i got past a few hours in this game."
76561198052276068,Not Recommended,208580,21095169,"Posted: 9 February, 2016",all,QisforGlutamine,"Not a bad game, but the ending ruined it for me. I will keep things vague so that there are no spoilers.I loved KOTOR1 and was pretty excited to play this one, and at first I had fun with it. But then I got to the end. It felt rushed and unfinished. None of the interactions with any of the other characters payed off.  Major characters just disappeared for no discernable reason. You are basically just plunked into a series of half-baked boss battles and then told that the game is now over, thanks for playing. And unlike the excellent KOTOR1, the major plot developments were so obvious that it was almost insulting when the characters acted surprised by them. There are fan mods that restore some cut content to the game, but even then the story feels incomplete.It certainly wasn't a terrible game, by any stretch. It was fun to play and started strong, but the ending was so disappointing and badly done that I don't think I will ever play it again. Had I known before, I wouldn't have wasted my money. After some fun space adventures I was left with nothing but a bad taste in my mouth.I guess if it is cheap and you just want to play some more KOTOR but with a few fun new mechanics, I might recommend it. But don't expect the story to really pay off. I'll just play KOTOR1 again."
,Not Recommended,208580,31090406,Posted: 11 April,all,Spaulding,"The Game is awesome, but I seem to have experienced a slight issue when it came to actually progressing through the story line once I've come to the point of getting abducted by Gota and when Kreia enlisted the wookie in her services.. My created character has magically vanished along with all of my previous saved files resulting in my involuntary discontinuation from playing the game. So in conclusion, GOD MOTHER♥♥♥♥ING DAMNIT STEAM GET YOUR ♥♥♥♥ING♥♥♥♥♥♥TOGETHER WITH THESE GAME DEVELOPERS AND STOP WASTING MY ♥♥♥♥ING TIME. I GOT 40 MOTHER♥♥♥♥ING HOURS INVESTED IN THIS GAME AND YOUR ♥♥♥♥ING FAILURE AT PROVIDING ME WITH A PLAYABLE GAME YET ONCE A-♥♥♥♥ING-GAIN HAS MADE ME♥♥♥♥♥♥AWAY 40 MOTHER♥♥♥♥ING HOURS OF MY ♥♥♥♥ING ALREADY DWINDLING PLAYING TIME. FOR ♥♥♥♥S SAKE PLEASE STOP THE ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥T AND GIVE ME A GAME THAT I CAN ♥♥♥♥ING PLAY WITHOUT THE CONSTANT PARANOIA OF ALL MY♥♥♥♥♥♥DISAPPEARING OUT FROM UNDERNEATH MY FEET.  DON'T ♥♥♥♥ING MAKE ME COME DOWN THERE AND RAIN DOWN AN UNGODLY ♥♥♥♥ING HELLSTORM UPON YOU FOR♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ON MY TIME AND MONEY. Thank you and have a nice day."
,Not Recommended,208580,28966245,Posted: 2 January,all,Raccoon King,"I really wanted to like this, but the amount of content that is missing is just embarassing. While there are tons of interesting characters and subplots, practically none of them are fully developed or even concluded. Even major parts of the main quest are ignored by the ending. This becomes painfully obvious on the game's final planet, where a load of random things happen but are never explained in the slightest."
76561198040201656,Recommended,208580,31544891,Posted: 4 May,all,Personally I prefer to hold Z,9/11
76561198322354019,Not Recommended,208580,34012483,Posted: 4 August,all,ShogunAizen,Game is enjoyable. The biggest problem is its crashes and bugs. I started 10 times and couldn´t finish it one time.
,Not Recommended,208580,17259447,"Posted: 27 July, 2015",all,Itannen,"If you have a moderatly high end PC, running Windows 7, don't bother.  The Steam page implies you can run this game as well as KOTOR, don't believe either one.  That being said, you might get lucky and have the exact proper setup to allow you to play, both games failed for me.  KOTOR after just a couple of minutes, I didn't even get past the character creation.  KOTOR II after getting to Telos and getting the first cut scene showing the Sith with the Guy Fawkes mask and needing a new set of vocal chords.  After that, it constantly crashes to the desktop and the few times I can get to the loading screen it doesn't recognize either the keyboard or the mouse.  Thanks Steam, thanks LucasArts.  Yes, I know the game is old, irrelevent in my moron opinion.  If you are going to offer software for sale, make sure it works.  If you're not going to make sure it works, don't offer it for sale, just give it away and let someone else fix it."
76561198011231411,Not Recommended,208580,20397031,"Posted: 8 January, 2016",all,Scoundrelus,"It pains me to not reccomend this game... or rather perhaps it's simply this version that's on Steam.  I played and finished KOTOR 1&2 years ago but this version has been nothing but a buggy mess.  Mind you I haven't ran into any game-breaking bugs but I have had to exit and run the game many times to fix some.  For example:-Rapid dialogue skipping bug.  Only fixable by completely exiting the game.-Clipping bugs.  Getting stuck inside of objects.-Weird clipping bugs.  Getting stuck inside of nothing.-Camera panning bugs.  Camera gets stuck on one angle.-Inability to skip dialogue bug.  Forces you to listen to the full audio dialogue without the option to skip.-Mouse button simply stops working bug.  Self explanatory.Suffice it to say, this bugs are enough for me to have turned off the game in frustrated disgust more than once.  Considering how much I love the Star Wars franchise and KOTOR, that should tell you something."
,Not Recommended,208580,25003249,"Posted: 18 August, 2016",all,64fanatic,"I wanted to love this game, but even with the fan restoration patch the story of this game is a rushed confusing and self-contradicting mess not to mention the♥♥♥♥♥♥load of dialogue bugs with silent characters or areas where the game just straight up skips lines. I eventually lost interest entirely and dropped it.Play the first one its incredible, but don't buy this wreck."
76561198043654979,Not Recommended,208580,24127522,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,Theresiusemesenusothicles,"It's just not worth it... You're fighting against poor autosaves (make sure you manually save throughout the game, btw, you'll think the autosave system is working fine but then you'll kick yourself), poor game balance (G0T0's yacht), game breaking glitches, incomplete quests, blatant dialogue omissions, shoddy cutscenes... In the end, finishing the sequel to one of the great classics is not worth the effort or spoiled experience."
,Recommended,208580,11716199,"Posted: 15 August, 2014",all,Hikiyo,I recommand it but doesnt work on windows 7.
76561197962611703,Recommended,208580,125787,"Posted: 5 July, 2013",all,Mil'Bereth,"KOTOR I, except better in almost every way possible.  More things to do, more game play, more lightsabers, more snarky assassin droids.  If you are a Star Wars fan, you should have this game.  I could say more, but I don't have to."
,Recommended,208580,9030330,"Posted: 9 February, 2014",all,Kaydo,It's fun.
76561198088249781,Recommended,208580,10033257,"Posted: 6 May, 2014",all,dPaintbペイント,the game does not work!!!! i wasted my money got it taken
,Recommended,208580,19913885,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,enderbeta,This classic has finally been released to the Mac and even better out of the box works in wide screen without tweaks. On PC or Mac you can't go wrong with either KOTOR game. If you enjoy Dragon Age and Mass Effect and like the RPG elements and somehow haven't played this game already dwnload it now ... you owe it to yoursef.
,Recommended,208580,12842383,"Posted: 8 November, 2014",all,Bishop,Still awesome game brigns old memories back
76561198069204713,Not Recommended,208580,29075913,Posted: 6 January,all,StarRider,Buggy and so much content seems to cut out or missing especially at the end (confusing ending).  Perhaps one day this game will get a proper treatment from its developers.
76561198051179389,Not Recommended,208580,28477937,"Posted: 19 December, 2016",all,Leon13103,"First off, I love the style of this game. I love the Skills like Security and Computer Use, and I love all the Feats and Powers you can obtain. However, there are a few things that ruin this game.First off, the allied AI are stupid as heck. There were several times in the game when I charged into a fight, turned around, and saw my comrades weren't there. Sometimes, even in wide open areas and I specifically tell them to, they don't even attack enemies unless I switch to them. Then there was also a time when one of my characters ran straight into a minefield, even though they were set to stationary.Another thing is the Cursor. I was just playing a minute ago and attempted to shoot a group of enemies hiding behind a minefield by clicking on them. However, the Cursor wouldn't let me click on them, it kept wanting to select the mine that was in front of them. No matter how much i moved the camera, it wouldn't get to a position where I could select the enemy and kept clicking on the mine. This was a very bad design choice.All in all, this game would have been so much better if these flaws were ironed out. But of course, Big Game companies don't care."
,Recommended,208580,1836220,"Posted: 20 July, 2013",all,Jan Michael Vincent,"This game changed my life. Ok I'm exaggerating but seriously, this is literally one of my top 5 favorite games of all time. I have both the physical as well as the steam copies of this game, and I wouldn't have it other way. And at this price... stop reading this and buy!On a semi related note, my bro told me KoTOR 3 is finally underway thanks to Disney and the best game development company, Bioware (together with Obsidian, despite their shortcomings). So you might wanna pick KoToR I and II and catch up if you haven't."
76561197996945605,Recommended,208580,12538420,"Posted: 18 October, 2014",all,-__________-,Good.
76561198104359558,Not Recommended,208580,28987358,Posted: 3 January,all,Chuck The Duck,"I played this game without any mods or cheats, and for the most part it worked and was a great experience. I did not have issues that some others have reported with broken mechanics or cut scenes. However, what ruined this game completely was the incredibley rushed ending that left too many unanswered questions. It felt like an incomplete game. The story, though not as good as the first game, was engaging enough, but I cannot recommend this game as it stands solely because of the unsatisfying and sloppy ending. All the developers needed to do was put in more time to develop a better way to close things off, but instead they chose the lazy route and cranked out an incomplete game that they never even bothered to patch (although I've read that they actually did patch it fairly recently, a decade after its release). I have no respect for this kind of rush-job and lack of respect for the consumer."
76561198048058941,Recommended,208580,12710596,"Posted: 31 October, 2014",all,SJW420,This game is one of the greatest games ever. If you played it on the orginl xbox (which i did) PLEASE buy this game. It is still as good as you remebered it. Its a waste of your money if you dont buy this.
76561198027183210,Not Recommended,208580,27863978,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,PooFlinger,"As amazing as the storyline is, and the game play, and the development of the extended universe for Star Wars, the game is still, after 11 years, constantly plagued with bugs, glitches and crashes.Its unfortunate that the original developpers and Steam both ignore the issue. Thank god there's an adequate gaming community out there that continues to look out for old games,"
76561198008149649,Not Recommended,208580,29280644,Posted: 15 January,all,JigSaw,♥♥♥♥ NAR SHADAA...game ruined right there
76561198008054116,Recommended,208580,8688496,"Posted: 12 January, 2014",all,the snugler™,I am the Snuggler
76561198058200374,Not Recommended,208580,23971442,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,Ctralt,"Let me start of by saying this game is amazing, very fun and well thought out. However my experience with technical issues and bugs completely ruined the gameplay and left me feeling robbed. Let me start of by listing all of the bugs and problems that drove me away from what would have otherwise been a spectacular game.1. Cutscenes- they didnt work at all, the opening of a cutscene would close my game window and leave the screen black until I reopened it. It was a minor problem, I got used to, but it was annoying as hell.2. Looting bodies- Another minor issue (also super annoying) was 99% of the time bodies couldnt be looted right away, I had to walk away for 30 secs and come back until the game gave me the option to loot. (sometimes I got the option immediately, but that was rare.)3. Unable to reach or open certain containers or bodies- After killing certain npc's or encountering lockers or containers the game seemed to register them in areas that cannot be reached. For example I would kill a group of soldiers and a few bodies would die behind a barrel or in a patch of grass and i wouldn't be able to loot them because they got stuck behind some barrier in the environment. Same thing with the containers, for ex I would walk up to a plasteel container and try to open it, but my character couldn't reach it to loot.4. Issues with quest objectives- Here comes my major problem that made me unable to play the game. On many quests required cutscenes are supposed to appear that trigger the end of a level or create certain conditions that allow the character to continue a playthrough. Unfortunately over and over I encountered bugs where these scenes or situations didn't appear, which forced me to reload saves and restart entire quests and levels. This was bearable too, until one level where all the doors became locked and I was unable to leave because the cutscene didn't appear. I tried reloading saves, retrying levels and even resorted to modding but nothing worked, This forced me to terminate the game prematurely and leave me salty enough to write this long♥♥♥♥♥review.TL;DRToo many bugs and some are gamebreaking."
,Not Recommended,208580,24988075,"Posted: 18 August, 2016",all,[HCU] Marauder Shields,I am broken so very broken.
,Recommended,208580,24899822,"Posted: 13 August, 2016",all,Revan,"One of the best rpgs ever made. This game is so intense, and Ive played it for years and  istill love it. Even better with the restored content mod that are available in the workshop (you just need to hit the subscribe button and it works).This game doesnt go on and on and on about how jedi = good and sith = bad. It gives you consequences of every action. For example, in one part of the game, you can help a beggar and give him some cash (credits). If you give him cash, he gets robbed. If you dont give him cash, then he will probably starve or be less happy (that doesnt affect you, just saying that realistically), and if you kill him, you get obviously dark side points and become ""evil"" since it wasnt needed to kill him.Point is, every action has consequences and this game stresses that. Amazingly addicting, rating 10/10."
76561198072426437,Recommended,208580,18093960,"Posted: 18 September, 2015",all,Final784,"WARNING: If you have windows 7, then expect to not being able to play the game. That, or having to spend time trying to get it to work even though it says that it's compatible, it isn't. This game is awesome"
,Not Recommended,208580,30525795,Posted: 15 March,all,Zipzachary,"Its a game with a good story, but it has alot of bugs on this version."
76561198359984368,Not Recommended,208580,29394136,Posted: 21 January,all,ellis1859,Unplayable. Screen keeps going to black usually during cut scenes.  There are some work arounds on the net but none have worked. You think Steam would stop pulling this stuff but I suppose they don't really care as long as they get your money.
,Not Recommended,208580,28765852,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,Rye,"I can see why everyone would love this game, but the trashy rng and the dialogue bugs in this game incredibly destroy the pros of playing this game. It takes 15 minutes to kill a group of normal mercernaries. I just sit there clicking the same button over and over waiting for them to die. After timing it, it took me 4 minutes to have a sword fight with a standard enemy. In any rpg you will ever play it will not take a minute in the most. Completely ruined my experience."
76561198118026586,Not Recommended,208580,30188626,Posted: 25 February,all,Mr.Moustache,"It is an amazing game but after the start(where the music plays and the''Star Wars"" logo pops up)i get the black screen of death but i can still hear every thing.I just wish it would work."
,Recommended,208580,22885693,"Posted: 9 May, 2016",all,Morgan,There goes my life
76561198099443748,Not Recommended,208580,18964333,"Posted: 8 November, 2015",all,Honorborn,"Normally an awesome game, but it doesnt seem to be working on my lap top. Ive tried a variety of tips to fix it but all I can do is get to the main menu before the game crashes. I have oficially wasted ten dollars on a great game that I cannot play, thanks steam for selling it to me. So I highly reccomend not buying this game becasue it seems like many people have the same problem I ran into."
,Recommended,208580,10119529,"Posted: 15 May, 2014",all,Smutsig K E T A,I'm Chuck Bass.
76561198010936563,Recommended,208580,15705194,"Posted: 5 May, 2015",all,thunderchoob,"This game is so much fun, I hope they make a KoToR 3 someday, and NO SWTOR DOES NOT COUNT. IT SUCKS. You should totally buy this one and the first one!"
,Recommended,208580,15760075,"Posted: 9 May, 2015",all,The Xtreme Nerd,
,Not Recommended,208580,16269846,"Posted: 8 June, 2015",all,Karma,Doesn't have alien sex like mass effect.
,Recommended,208580,1252654,"Posted: 11 September, 2012",all,technoir,A sequel to Bioware's overrated KotOR that viciously tears down and deconstructs both the original game and the whole Star Wars universe in general. You'll never look at the movies the same way after playing this. A good choice for anyone who likes Star Wars and a must-play for everyone who doesn't (like me).
76561198039337300,Not Recommended,208580,19165368,"Posted: 19 November, 2015",all,James,"Ridiculous. Unacceptable. Game crashes after second logo screen, and now I have to scrounge around the internet to get it to work. The fix might be easy, but this has been an ongoing problem since July, at least, it seems.I can't remember the last time I had problems with a Steam game running right after install. Thumbs down."
76561197994298061,Recommended,208580,13382930,"Posted: 15 December, 2014",all,Mert,Good times!
76561198030861789,Not Recommended,208580,29493084,Posted: 25 January,all,james76543,"The game itself seems like a step down from KOTOR.  At this age, it was very difficult for me to get the game working at all, and even then it keeps crashing due to incompatibility issues.  Hopefully a mobile port will happen soon, but unfortunately this game requires too much tweaking to get it to work on modern systems, and even with the tweaking the graphics are worse than KOTOR I."
,Recommended,208580,12987846,"Posted: 17 November, 2014",all,Seneschul,"Epic game.Get the mods for it tho - if you liked the original trilogy, you will like this game."
,Recommended,208580,8417742,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,Senjougahara,At first I thought this game would be gay cause its star wars but its sooo fun I stay up until 3am playing this its a rpg but it gets really confusing on what to do I give this a rating of: 8/10
,Recommended,208580,14135877,"Posted: 23 January, 2015",all,kwiksilver344,"It brings back old memories. Its hard to believe that I'm 14 and playing this, right? well, i did play ""star wars the old republic"" more recent, and from breifly, when i was younger playing it on the xbox 360 which i never got far because the disk was to cracked to play it, (im not saying it was unplayable, it just lagged a lot, and the sound was skippy all the time) but yeah. its fun. however sometimes for me it force closes with the steam browser which i use to play games with,"
,Not Recommended,208580,31780898,Posted: 15 May,all,Supedup,"This game has an issue with freezing up, it plays perfectly well until a segment in which my game completely freezes and the framerate stops dead. This may not be an issue for some but for me it ruins the game. This game is known to have issues with modern OS's so I'm not surprised that it had problems. Unless you have Windows XP or the like, I wouldn't reccomend."
,Not Recommended,208580,29153528,Posted: 9 January,all,budesimo,"The KOTOR 1 is amazing, but, seriously, the last boss in KOTOR 2 is aflying lightsaber..."
,Recommended,208580,30506312,Posted: 14 March,all,Neville Chamberlain,Pros:Amazing StorylineCool Combat SystemINCREDIBLE Voice actinglots of boobies :)to this day amazing graphics.Cons:lol you think theres somethign wrong with this game?okay so the occasional bug but other than that it perfectOVerall rating: 10%
,Recommended,208580,26833211,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,🌸Purpleurple🌸,One of the best story driven rpg's ever made.
,Recommended,208580,28700842,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,rut420,Cool and Good.
,Recommended,208580,20788923,"Posted: 27 January, 2016",all,☾☢☽Mutant Mariachi,You kill one little Jedi and the whole world loses it's mind.
,Not Recommended,208580,30429694,Posted: 10 March,all,duskvstweak,"Look, underneath the bugs, broken quests and window issues there's a good enough game here. When this first came out, I didn't purchase it because it looked to much like the first KOTOR. However, having played it, I've never come to believe I was...mostly right. Gameplay-wise, this is the first game. Story-wise is where the game differs and it might not have been my cup of tea. I can see why others might prefer the sequel's tale, but it just never clicked for me.It also took forever to get moving, often threw endless waves of minions instead of interesting foes and sometimes seems to not like Star Wars so much. I don't know why, but my playthrough just left me feeling underwhelmed and negative about the whole experience. But again, I understand why people would like/love this one. In the end, I'll stick with the first game."
,Recommended,208580,17181129,"Posted: 22 July, 2015",all,Darth Shintogod,one of the best rpg of all time and it's STAR WARS
76561197972296711,Not Recommended,208580,29072719,Posted: 6 January,all,meatbag_01,"I played KOTOR 2 when it first came out and I remember not liking it at all compared to KOTOR 1. Now, about 10 years later, I wanted to give it another chance - I still do not like it at all.I remember playing through KOTOR 1 at least three times, going through the Light Side, Dark Side, and then as neutral as possible. In KOTOR 2, I could only stomach playing through the Light Side and then gave up on playing through again.In short, pass on this game.A few of the problems I had:The philosophy of one of the main characters was not interesting at all - her motivation and the conclusion to her storyline was unsatisfying. I could not empathize with her in any way and I dreaded having to include her when choosing party members.The two main villains are far too mysterious and uninteresting. You're given minimal background on them, which is fine, but you really learn nothing about them except that they're bad and they want to destroy everything. They aren't even fun to fight.There are too many times when you lose control of your character. There are instances in the game where your character is taken out of your control and you have to use your secondary characters to play through huge chunks of story. These instances were a slog to get through and had me wondering why I was even continuing the game.The pathfinding sucks. I had to reload the game repeatedly because the character I was controlling had killed an enemy and would then be frozen in place. The camera was adjustable, but the character would not move. Other times, I would be stuck running against an invisible barrier after a door opened or be running at a storage container but stuck behind an object watching the running animation loop forever and nothing else happening.The amount of cut content is too much to ignore. This was a huge deal back when this game came out and it's still an issue now. Without downloading the Restoration mod, gigantic chunks of the game are just completely missing. This is extremely evident in the final scene of the game. It just ends after defeating the final boss. Did your character escape? How is the Ebon Hawk suddenly free? What is going on? No explanation, just unsatisfaction.Again, pass on this game.It's a mess, it's uninteresting, and it doesn't even end well. I picked it up for $5 during this past winter sale (2016) and I regret spending even that small amount. Get KOTOR 1 instead. KOTOR 1 is still fun to play through, there are stories that you want to find out more about, and it comes to a satisfying conclusion."
,Recommended,208580,34493969,Posted: 25 August,all,(•‿•) ßärräcüdä,Those were the days
,Not Recommended,208580,17556751,"Posted: 15 August, 2015",all,Papa Jammie,"I really really want to recommend this game, I do. But it's arguebally one of the buggiest games I've ever played, and I've encountered several game breaking bugs through my playthrough, including one that is stopping me from completing the game. This would be an amazing game if not for the bugs, and therefore I cannot recommend it as some of them can even stop you from completing the game."
76561198099948378,Not Recommended,208580,24469674,"Posted: 22 July, 2016",all,Varell,"I bought that game because I love the 1st one but I was really disapointed by this one. I think the story and the character are boring. I just felt nothing for them. then the rewards for the missions are just stupid! It's like ""Ou, you brouht that letter to that one guy? Thaks, here thake that lightsaber"". Also the part with the droid factory witch was cut out but still mentioned in the game was disappointing"
,Not Recommended,208580,20255447,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,Xune,"so many bugs, so many crashes, very disappointed."
,Not Recommended,208580,17448999,"Posted: 8 August, 2015",all,Aberaham,"It's not that this isn't a good game. It's not quite to the level that the original KOTOR was, but it's certainly an excellent RPG it its own right. The problem with this game is that there is a persistent game breaking bug that has existed from its original release on PC all those years ago.I got the urge to play this game due to the upcoming release of the new Star Wars movie. Normally I wouldn't even bother attempting to review a game that is this old on steam, but I figure that I am not the only person who may get this urge to play an excellent Star Wars RPG.The problem occured for me about 10 hours in, and I consider myself lucky because it's usually discovered far later in many playthroughs. Once you reenter the Ebon Hawke (your star ship) on Dantooine, it is a very common occurance that you will never be able to reload Dantooine. This is unfortunate because it is required that you visit dantooine at least twice, once for its primary mission and again after you have completed all the other main missions when you are meant to reunite the characters that you meet. I reentered my ship before I actually finished the primary mission on Dantooine, so now I am unable to advance any farther in the game.If you are thinking about playing through this game again, just bewarned that this might happen to you."
,Not Recommended,208580,17349128,"Posted: 2 August, 2015",all,Col.Firefly,Too prone to breaking to be of any merit to purchase again.  Save your money.I have had over 6 gamebreaking bugs in a little over 2 hours of play.  The most fun one is where at a cutscene transition you end up back at an unresponsive Main Menu.
76561198231626388,Not Recommended,208580,20255837,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,TermedLizard27,I might give a good review if it wouldn't crash before I got to play it
76561198076138111,Not Recommended,208580,18882289,"Posted: 4 November, 2015",all,Grey,"Don't get me wrong. I love this game, but the Steam Version constantly crashes even though you have a computer that exceed the system requirments. I ran it though sevral compatibility trouble shoots, service packages and even switched my computers performance to high. After all of that, could not even get to the Main Menue. A game from ten years ago, I can't play. But if you want to play this game, go to a Half Price bookstore and try to find it. You'd be saving yourself a lot of hassle than dealing with the Steam refund process."
,Not Recommended,208580,18214430,"Posted: 26 September, 2015",all,Wisakedjak,"Update renders an amazing game broken.""Supports resolutions up to 5k"" means missing text on menus and warped/distorted HUD elements.""Supports game controllers"" means in a perfect world they will work. In the real world, you might end up like me and be unable to play the game because the camera permanantly spins.Better to have fond memories and save your money than to buy this."
,Not Recommended,208580,10041161,"Posted: 6 May, 2014",all,Slyxiot,"Unfortunately I have followed every recommendation and fix I could find, but can not get this game to load. It is a bummer since it is such a great game. I recommend the game, but not from Steam."
,Not Recommended,208580,29040831,Posted: 5 January,all,Tron,"The story is horrible, it gets as creative as the Sith are wiping out the Jedi, how many times is that now? The dialogue is just torture to go through, it's long, and boring, and I don't care about anything anyone has to say. The game feels empty 90% of the time, it's just empty walking until you meet enemy. And if you are escaping Peragus Mining station everything is empty, it's not like you are running away from enemy. When Kreia fights a sith, she tells you to run, and the door closes behind her. You don't have to run, and also the whole area you are in, is EMPTY. You can walk around, explore empty rooms, loot containers. When she gets injured and it's time for the sith to use his lightsaber on the door and break through and chase you. You still don't have to run, because that never happens. You can go all the way back, and stand beside that same door and look at it. Basically because it's a turn based game, and an ancient game, they never developed any sense of anything in real time. The story doesn't happen in real time. Your escapes don't happen in real time, cutscenes are set off by waypoints, reaching a spot on the map, and even then you don't have to do anything, you can stand there... effectively eliminating any chance for adrenaline, being in the moment, and suspension of disbelief. I never liked the KOTOR series. KOTOR one is just boring, and even though I tried to play and finish it three times, I couldn't, I got bored in the middle each time. If you want a good starwars game, play Republic Commando."
,Not Recommended,208580,15874046,"Posted: 17 May, 2015",all,Bodom,"The game in itself is actually rather good. The issue here is that the game is just full of bug's that keep you from fully enjoying the experience.. some even prevent you from playing the game at all. I just gave up half through the game because new bugs just kept appearing. I recommend you buy KOTOR1, don't waste your money on this one unless you are willing to spend time modding/patching the game to a playable state."
,Not Recommended,208580,20449012,"Posted: 10 January, 2016",all,3vi1,"It's ridiculous that this game still has the ""Can't move after combat"" bug after all these years.I loved KOTOR, so I decided to start playing the Linux port of KOTOR2 last night and ran into the movement issue right away. I've tried everything everyone in the discussion forums have suggested:  vsync (which was already on), modifying the INI (which already had most of the suggested modifications set correctly), installing TSLRCM, and even using taskset to lock the task to one CPU core. Nothing helps.At first I believed it just didn't work just because my main monitor is 2560x1080 and the sync can only be set to 59 from the menu (setting it to 60hz in the INI throws the game into a low resolution). People indicated the game just doesn't work right unless the refresh is 60hz. But, now I've also tried running it at 1920x1080 (windowed and fullscreen) @60hz with vsync enabled, and still have the same problem. :\Uninstalling and reinstalling it also did nothing but waste my time and 4+ GB of my monthly data cap.My system's completely up to date with the latest nVidia drivers, and I'm out of ideas.I think I'm just going to quit playing for now and check again if I ever see an update (I went beyond the two our refund period by leaving the game running while I researched and tried to fix the problem). Pressing F4/F5 after every single fight (it happens consistently on my system) has gotten old fast - and just pressing F4 with both mouse buttons held as suggested elsewhere does not fix the movment."
,Not Recommended,208580,20329161,"Posted: 5 January, 2016",all,aXey,"I can't bring myself to recommend this game, even though parts of it were enjoyable. KOTOR 1 by Bioware far, far outshines this game and credit for the enjoyable bits has to go (mostly) to Bioware. It's been many years since I've played the first game, but it's one of the most memorable RPG experiences I've had.The only reason I picked up a copy was because it was on sale. I'm glad I never bought the original at full price, for after my first playthrough, I'm pretty sure I'm just going to delete this game.First of all, everyone should know that this is a turn-based game-although screenshots might lead you to believe otherwise. The gameplay, game mechanics and combat is as  deep and rich as you'd expect to be from a turn-based RPG.My problem though is that Obsidian seems to have done very little in terms of improving or updating KOTOR 1, whether that's the game mechanics, characters, story, or even graphics.Somehow it always feels like an expansion pack to the first game, and one that has been poorly put-together at that. Yeah, it runs fine and the quests and story progression are fine, but it somehow lacks the savoriness of the first game.While I can't say that the story's 'bad', it didn't exactly enthrall me like the first game did.I did like the characters and their individual back-stories, and the voice acting is top-notch. But on several occasions there'd be a cutscene and I'd be like ""WTF is going on!? Who the hell is that, the hell are they on about?""Personally, I thought several cutscenes were either unnecessary or left me with a ""Whatever"" kind of feeling. I found some to be downright irritating.The villains and antagonists also leave much to be desired. One of them is described as this huge bad♥♥♥♥♥by every game character, and he literally features twice in the game. Then you easily dispatch him and it's on to the next bit of the story. What gives?The worst bit, I thought, was the end. I mean there's this big fight as expected, but then the moment you're done  it just cuts away to you flying off into the sunset. Like, BAM end of story, thanks for playing. Roll credits. Ugh.Anyway, I don't know if I'm being excessively harsh. If this were an independent game that had nothing to do with a much better predecessor, I might have recommended it. But as it stands, save some money and get KOTOR 1 instead.Skip this one and pick up Mass Effect.Pros:1. Good voice acting2. LIght Sabres. Whee!3. Deep and rich turn-based RPGCons:1. Poorly written script. Nowhere close to the ""Whoa!"" moments that Bioware makes you experience.2. Really abrupt ending.3. The cutscenes are downright WEIRD. Poorly directed, and often jarring.4. The story really leaves a lot to be desired. It was hard to be emotionally invested in my character.5. More like KOTOR 1: expansion pack by new developer! than KOTOR 2."
,Not Recommended,208580,15331008,"Posted: 12 April, 2015",all,bredy,I only got this game because I loved the first one. This game itself is not nearly as fun.
76561198073593705,Not Recommended,208580,17476169,"Posted: 10 August, 2015",all,frame.jim,Good game in it's day. Very buggy on newer computers though. Even after adding mods and tinkering with settings. Their refund policy for old games they try to revive is crap also.
76561198068891447,Not Recommended,208580,30940519,Posted: 4 April,all,spaceinvader022,Sick of this. great game but it doesn't work. what a rip off when you pay for something and get nothing but bugs. spent 20 hours of my life trying all the fixes i could find and all i got for it was a bloody headache. not happy. why sell this if it doesn't work on anyones computer as i have seen alot of people with problems online. waste of my money waste of time.
,Not Recommended,208580,26110333,"Posted: 18 October, 2016",all,once-returner,"Just finished the game after over a decade of procrastination. Honestly, it pales in comparison to the original KOTOR. I would recommend playing KOTOR and forgetting about KOTOR II unless you feel some dire need to finish both of them (like I did).Pros:-The journey towards getting your first lightsaber is delightfully, frustratingly long.-The game retained my interest until I finished it.-The gameplay mechanics are *significantly* improved over KOTOR I, but that doesn't make up for the lack of substance in the rest of the game.-There were some fights that made me have to load previous saves more times than I care to admit, which I consider a good thing since a lot of games these days are way too easy.-Some of the voice acting was phenomenal, particularly Kreia.-You really do feel like you are becoming the most overpowered Jedi/Sith/Whatever in existence, and that gave me a raging brainer.-I would totally bang the Handmaiden, despite her blind obedience to whoever she is following around.Cons:-Ending was nowhere near as satisfying as I would've hoped, especially considering my aforementioned decade of procrastination.-For a game that is based on choices, it is incredibly linear.-The game rewards you for playing as either good or evil, but I take pride in being a ""chaotic neutral"" and my character suffered as a result.-Some of the environments felt half-a$$ed, and most of the worlds were already in KOTOR I. A good amount of the game seemed like a copy/paste job.-The Sith Academy was an absolute joke compared to KOTOR I. ""Hurr durr the 'training' is now automated since we didn't have the budget to actually put any interactive characters in the academy.""-Some of the voice acting (particularly Mira) was so bad that I began to wonder if half of the voice actors even read their lines *once* before recording them.-Visas had the same few dialog options for about 80% of the game...bleh.-I think I had some awful interaction with Bao-Dur way back and as a result, I couldn't say anything other than ""nevermind"" to him for 90% of the game. He seemed cool but I think he may have gotten butthurt when I insulted the Republic. Sorry dude, it's not my fault that the Republic is one of the most boring/vanilla political bodies in science fiction.-The game did not feel nearly as complete or well-designed as KOTOR I.-Carth Onasi is a whiny little ♥♥♥♥♥. He only appeared in KOTOR I, but the Onasi Blaster reminded me of how much of a party pooper he was and I felt the need to mention it."
76561198351538687,Not Recommended,208580,28399006,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,zainabideen3,"Hi this game is not working after two slides. it keeps saying that it has stopped working and windows is trying to find a solution for it. I paid $10.99 for it not to crash, but to play. please help. It says that it is compatiple with windows 7 or newer, and i have a windows 10. Fix the game or give me my money back"
76561198141671561,Not Recommended,208580,22122790,"Posted: 29 March, 2016",all,Fadewalker,If the game would let me play I would care about this games reputation.
76561198122486268,Not Recommended,208580,31611851,Posted: 7 May,all,Oreo_Stuffing,After every combat sequence my character gets frozen and cant move. Saving and reloading the game fixes it but Its no fun to have to save and load after every enemy.
76561198387564117,Not Recommended,208580,33252278,Posted: 4 July,all,donhavex,Having trouble getting the game to launch. Crashes after the Lucas arts and Obsidian logos.
76561198384138906,Not Recommended,208580,31637766,Posted: 8 May,all,ct_roan,"This game is one of my favorites of all time. Unfortunately this is the laggiest and most underwhelming experience I've had playing it as well. The game has certain ""walls"" that it hits that causes it to severely lag and become unresponsive to inputs. I have updated my driver and cpu settings as well as in-game settings to the best performance but the game continues to lack. I've also looked up possible solutions with none that have helped, to include uninstalling and reinstalling the game completely. Hopefully Steam can provide some guidance as to what may fix it."
76561198073024724,Not Recommended,208580,13176237,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,flyingburritoman,"Love this game, however this version constantly crashes and freezes. It's infuriating. It gets stuck in cutscene loops, and crashes for no reason."
76561198061818510,Recommended,208580,7814734,"Posted: 28 November, 2013",all,PatrickRT,GREAT FRIGGIN GAME
76561198184129561,Not Recommended,208580,21562138,"Posted: 1 March, 2016",all,rob.boyd96,"DO NOT BUY IT DOSNT WORK ON MY WINDOWS 10it dosnt work at all on my windows 10, it shows 2 start up logos and then dosnt respond, iv looked online to get it to work and nothing works. im very upset seeing i actually paid alot of money for this and was very excited to play"
76561198188144361,Not Recommended,208580,21600517,"Posted: 3 March, 2016",all,Vankale,umm this is terrible it starts up and crashes.....nice.....
76561198148732279,Not Recommended,208580,23093598,"Posted: 19 May, 2016",all,Mswearingen123,please i mean please fix the damn crashing on start up issue this game has its one of my favorite games OF ALL time and i bought it so i could actually play it 0/10
76561197964040220,Not Recommended,208580,21372081,"Posted: 21 February, 2016",all,shadow,"Just finished Kotor II after about 25 hours, i played with the Restored Content Mod but still, the game has a number of glitches, i got stuck about 18 hours in and i could only progress by using a cheat and that took some time.Compared to the original, the story is kind of confusing and i didn't like it very much.The party members are ok, but here the original was also better.A very frustrating problem was the radical changes in difficulty, i had to adjust it many times and i can't count the times i used autosave. From one scene to the next the diffucult changed from playing in autopilot to quicksaving after every action, that just is no fun.The Game does not feel finished in many ways."
76561198139260880,Not Recommended,208580,22099383,"Posted: 27 March, 2016",all,JACOBLAVIGNE,cant play it i cant rune the game it just says that it stopped working instantly ive tried a lot of ways to fix it plzzz help
76561198157375316,Not Recommended,208580,22165525,"Posted: 31 March, 2016",all,melnussish,the workshop doesnt appear half of the time so its not worth it
76561198003133741,Not Recommended,208580,19062353,"Posted: 13 November, 2015",all,Cpt. Charisma,"** WARNING: BETA QUALITY GAME **This game is really fun - when it works right.  Other times it is frustrating, confusing or outright broken.  At times like this, I wish steam had a more fine-grained rating system.  I would give it a 3 out of 5 given the choice.  However, I don't think it deserves a recomendation because it feels rushed and outright broken at times.If you don't mind a buggy 10 year old game, go for it - you'll have a great time.  Just be aware that you'll HAVE to spend time on forums & googling to find work-arounds for some bugs.  It's also possible (although less likely after recent patches) that you will have to abondon a game half way through due to bugs."
,Not Recommended,208580,22852878,"Posted: 7 May, 2016",all,jaredludlowjr,The glitches are devastating. The game was great until it started irreversibly damaging my campaign
76561198045334371,Not Recommended,208580,31618402,Posted: 7 May,all,agroszkiewicz,"Just downloaded KOTOR 2, followed the reccomendation of also subbing to the content mod in Workshop.Welp, the game is completely broken. Getting constant ""screen is wrong resolution"" error messages, button inputs are all backwards on my pad, and the screen goes black every time it tries to load a new screen. Windows 10."
76561198065220941,Not Recommended,208580,31289997,Posted: 21 April,all,MustangNinjas,"An obvious classic, but the game runs terribly on windows 10. I got the feeling that it was going to crash if I so much as sneezed by the end of my run."
76561198305089415,Not Recommended,208580,24223171,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,carsonspoker,Wont work on my computer
,Not Recommended,208580,23690017,"Posted: 21 June, 2016",all,Lusca,The plot is solid but the combat hasn't aged well at all. Even with the community bugfix you WILL encounter a bug where the conversations begin to automatically skip themselves and the only fix is to reload you last save and start the conversation over.
76561198301567335,Not Recommended,208580,33821094,Posted: 26 July,all,riley.jake1903,I would love to beat this game... IF ALL MY SAVES DIDN'T GET CORRUPTED WHEN I GET HALFWAY THROUGH THE GAME!!!
76561198092679336,Not Recommended,208580,21794106,"Posted: 12 March, 2016",all,Aidan the Aspie,"This game is fantastic, BUT it has some VERY MAJOR bugs and glitches. The one I encountered was game-breaking, and now I have to play the game all over again. Play this game. It's the best Star Wars game ever made. Just don't do anything that wouldn't fit with the story. That breaks the game. Well, that's 26 hours of my life that I'll never get back."
,Not Recommended,208580,34278235,Posted: 16 August,all,Nerdenberg,"This was a good game for its time (not ""awesome"", something which KOTOR 1 was), and it still is, it has aged tremendously well, though it is certainly much more buggy than its predecessor and has a darker, sadder tone and atmosphere, the interactions you have with other characters and their stories are much more deep and interesting than the ones you can have in Skyrim and that is quite telling, just don't get it from Steam. It refuses to work on the 64-bit version of Windows 7 Ultimate; had I bought it from GOG .com, I'm sure I would now have a working version of the game. If this game is no longer getting patched, then please, PLEASE, do not sell it or sell it at half its normal price and write a warning at the top of the description section that it does not work on Windows 7 64 bit or open source it in its entirety. And the funny thing is, I think a boxed edition of the game I had even worked on a 64-bit version of Linux and on the same machine when launched through Wine, but it refuses to work on Windows. What a joke. I have wasted my money on a game that does not even work so I either pay again and get it on GOG, or will have to resort to piracy endangering my system with ""cracks"" and stuff. Wonder what I'll do? Yeah, I'll probably pay for it again and get it from GOG.There is also a thing I have to mention: a lot of the content the developers had in mind never made it into the final version of the game, and there is a 'restoration' mod that attempts to fix this issue. Make sure to check that one out."
,Not Recommended,208580,22873795,"Posted: 8 May, 2016",all,The Counter of Strikes,"I played KOTOR2, with the ""restoration mod"".As a huge fan of KOTOR1, I was really on the fence with this one, almost throughout, but I overall would not recommend it to most people.Where the first kotor felt complete, polished, this one just feels lacking and when you see the backstory to this game (obsidian was rushed to release it before it was finished) you see why it falls short.The story is definitely a bit 'darker', with more 'grey' situations (i.e. unlike the first kotor where there is a lot of good/evil)... however, I can't really give it all of that credit.When I remember kotor1, there are plenty of grey situations, such as the kolto planet where you need to investigate the jedi on trial, who isn't as innocent as he seems.The problem here for me really boils down to the story, it feels so scattered and sparse. While I see the ambition, and potential this game had, it just really needed more time in development by its own developers.The first mission opens up, and almost feels like a survival horror game -- everything very empty, a sense of loneliness. And I question whether or not this is intentional, as the level drags on forever.This game seems to follow the main points of kotor1. Opening level -> main planet -> find ship -> go to some jedi council place to rediscover force -> 4 planets -> etc. But like I said, everything feels unfinished. While I applaud the game for trying to take the story in a different direction, they needed more time. Each of the planets feel empty by comparison, and the amount of ""things"" you can do at each location where there is something meaningful to do is lacking.For example, you go to korriban in this game too. However here, you are dropped into the valley of the sith first. Except, all of the temples are blockd off. You just fight some enemies. Then you can go into the sith academy. Deserted, with some guys to fight. Very few story elements, then you do 1-2 things for the main story to progress the plot, and leave the planet.While everything feels unpolished, it all came down to this for me: Was the story good and compelling?Which is why you would want to play a kotor game this far after development, as KOTOR1 does hold up and I would recommend it.I really do appreciate the various things they had in mind: good cast of characters, some good ideas with the story ... just nothing came out as finished, and as a result, the game feels empty, and unpolished... even with the restoration mod.I would only recommend this if you have a lot of spare time, and recently finished kotor1 and really want more -- otherwise, just play kotor1 again."
,Recommended,208580,7766876,"Posted: 26 November, 2013",all,Digit-299 Shogun,AMAZING
76561198083663032,Not Recommended,208580,33155269,Posted: 2 July,all,Darth_Kitty_Cat,"This game is vastly worse than the first. The voice acting is very bad. Boss battles are dissapointing. The level design encourages players to run away from the action to heal, abusing the beyond below basic AI, instead of using strategy. It's very hard to care about the followers you are given. They are very one dimensional and uninteresting. I will admit, the first half of the game was interesting, challenging, and intriguing. The most fun I had in the game was trying to build Hk47. Anyways, the second half of the game is trash. (Spoiler Alert) The final planet is ♥♥♥♥ing awful. Mazes filled with enemies are the worst levels in all video games. It honestly just seems like filler because this game lacks the interesting planets and side missions that you received in the first KOTOR. The missions are very linear, and you are barely given any choices. Overall, this game is a huge dissapointment."
,Not Recommended,208580,21553591,"Posted: 29 February, 2016",all,Brytenwalda,"As a fan of the original KOTOR this left a sour taste in my mouth as the ending was quite frankly, upsetting.This game was good, maybe even great until I reached the last planet. (Trying to avoid spoilers) The final battle was rushed and far too easy but before that walking around the planet alone feels wrong in an AI co-operative RPG. All in all this game could have been amazing if the ending didn't make me feel so utterly disappointed.4/10"
,Not Recommended,208580,32397504,Posted: 13 June,all,DoctorShrooms,"The AI is f♥♥♥ing ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ and is in dire need of fixing. I know this game is really old, but COME ON!!!!"
,Recommended,208580,26632790,"Posted: 16 November, 2016",all,snjder,Pepsi makes the game great
76561198194726146,Not Recommended,208580,24120135,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,Echo,Can't navigate yourself around properly dammit
76561198130736151,Not Recommended,208580,21679112,"Posted: 6 March, 2016",all,nreese112,"CANNOT GET THIS GAME TO WORK. Ive tried everything on google and cannot get it it work. First one worked just fine. I think whatever they did to update just f'ed the whole thing up. Also, steam support is useless. Don't buy. Just play the first one over again."
,Recommended,208580,23404001,"Posted: 5 June, 2016",all,Rokin,Worth skipping the first one
76561198159173207,Not Recommended,208580,28476932,"Posted: 19 December, 2016",all,shannahand13,Dont buy doesnt work
,Recommended,208580,19911924,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,Sephiroth,A decent sequel to a great game.11/10 would meatbag again
,Recommended,208580,16657217,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,Crumb in a Bag of Cheez-It Duoz,"1st was better, but this one's okay"
,Recommended,208580,14291546,"Posted: 1 February, 2015",all,chrischav350z,Greatest RPG game of all time... End of story.
,Not Recommended,208580,31686355,Posted: 11 May,all,shitbrick123,stay away from this full of bugs that will spoil the game for you. i have lost save files  and characters stuch a let down and disapointment
,Recommended,208580,12872543,"Posted: 10 November, 2014",all,Revolver Couches,"A lot of fun and is so easy to get carried away playing, but it felt a bit lacking compared to the first, still reccomend"
76561198123804954,Recommended,208580,12975472,"Posted: 16 November, 2014",all,JRB,Same as my review of KOTOR 1
,Recommended,208580,12955713,"Posted: 15 November, 2014",all,yatesfam,"If you liked KOR the first, the second is identical... to the point that I was confused for a moment when I started it back up, I thought I had run the wrong one."
76561198016007922,Not Recommended,208580,31619392,Posted: 7 May,all,Skootnam Ratnum Oosnah,my character just doesnt respond to any controls after the very first fight with the droids
76561198386101208,Not Recommended,208580,33662617,Posted: 19 July,all,Ender111000,NNNNOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
76561198255458254,Not Recommended,208580,31926373,Posted: 23 May,all,Kashed,"cant move after defeating enemies, game is broken. Tried reinstalling to no avail, still cant move character after enemies are killed."
76561198263998119,Not Recommended,208580,26015022,"Posted: 13 October, 2016",all,ori4n101,KEEPS CRASHING
,Recommended,208580,20922136,"Posted: 2 February, 2016",all,Spookyena,This game is pretty cool.
,Not Recommended,208580,17305487,"Posted: 30 July, 2015",all,(insert text here),"First off, I want to say I really love this game. But it is infuriating how I keep having so many problems. First, it was just cutscenes not showing up. Then it was the Restored Content Mod not working even though i subscribed to it. Now it just won't open at all. It will do the first two logos for Lucasarts and Obsidian, then it just stops working. I can understand this game being broken and unfixable back in 2005, but its 2015. This is just sad."
76561198027375029,Not Recommended,208580,17330372,"Posted: 1 August, 2015",all,AVP2000,"Even with the recent update it is still buggy as hell. I'm experiencing constant crashes, freezes and other bugs even with the Restored Content Mod. The game is great but it's still a crappy buggy mess."
,Not Recommended,208580,20922173,"Posted: 2 February, 2016",all,gusdak,Great game with the worst possible publishing. Can't play steam version while pirate version works just fine.Tried everything I can and it still crushing on launch.
,Not Recommended,208580,20955122,"Posted: 4 February, 2016",all,saga,"I'm disappointed with this.When the game just came out -- I thought: ""Oh yes, finally I can play KOTOR on my Ubuntu laptop."" Then I realized this wasn't KOTOR but the sequel. OK -- I made a mistake. Put a lot of time into anyways. But I found the overall experience disappointing.Pros:1. KOTOR turn-base combat system is fun.2. Dialogue is interesting.3. It's fun to see how my story plays out.4. Story driven content!Cons:1. Nar Sadarr is full of wasted space and bugs glore despite the fixes. A lot of times I asked myself: ""Seriously? That's the answer."" Or I say, ""Why aren't you attacking me? . . . OK -- NOW you attack me.""2. Combat is becomes boring once you level up too high.3. The main character becomes god-like on the normal level.4. Because good item drops aren't very common, you have to buy new equipment to fight with other party members. It seems almost like the game punishes you for choosing to adventure with different characters. They don't really interact well with the world. Even during events where you'd expect them to say something, they say nothing.5. Does not have enough story driven content to keep my interest."
76561198045040591,Not Recommended,208580,17320375,"Posted: 31 July, 2015",all,Pentara12,"I wanted to know if they fixed some major bug from the game like at the start up of the game many people have or had problem with that during the loading of logos. Or after the game just froze then crash?? i bought it like a week ago and get refound, i really want this game but not if those problem not fixed yet"
,Not Recommended,208580,31522781,Posted: 3 May,all,SoresuMakashi,"Great game (with the glaring exception of the content that Obsidian left unfinished), but 12 hours in, on Nar Shadaa, either the game or all my save files corrupted. My saves would either not load, or would load me as the Arren Kae test character. Spent an hour debugging and reinstalling, and the best I could do was load into some autosaves (but with all future saves corrupted as well). Not sure if it has to do with the Steam cloud implementation.It's a shame to have to give a negative review on one of my favourite games."
76561198032097124,Not Recommended,208580,13602321,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,Perseus Gold,"This game is not compatible with modern systems and the so called ""fix"" still does not work on many machines. That fact steam is selling this game as is give it's inability to make it past character creation without crashing is insane. I feel like I have been robbed."
,Not Recommended,208580,26135728,"Posted: 20 October, 2016",all,CLAM SMASH3R,"Broken Game... loved playing KOTOR growing up and was excited to play much older. Couldn't even leave the game when i was fed up with everything.Actions weren't being conducted. Game couldn't decide if it wanted to take actions from the mouse, keyboard or at all."
76561198129139932,Not Recommended,208580,17326316,"Posted: 31 July, 2015",all,Justinweirich,"couldn't even play the @@@@ game it crash trying load it up.   I like the idea for achevments, and update,"
,Not Recommended,208580,21982875,"Posted: 22 March, 2016",all,Makrelsalat,"Would I recommend this game over the first Knight of the old Republic? No. Is it still a decent game to play? Absolutely.If KOTOR was The Matrix, then KOTOR 2 would be Matrix: Reloaded. Still a decent movie, if you want more of the SW universe that Bioware created. But it definitely doesn't hold up.The ending just doesn't leave as great an impact as the first one, and the gameplay is pretty much the same. Seeing as this game was rushed out, it certainly could've done a lot worse.Sadly the story got progressively worse throughout the game, especially in its execution. Which is why I will not recommend this rushed game."
,Not Recommended,208580,13400323,"Posted: 16 December, 2014",all,mdxn,"This game is horribly riddled with bugs. While they don't make the game unplayable in every case, they still greatly affect the gameplay. The game is constantly crashing and had graphical glitches, missing dialogue, absurd AI, and clipping issues. I tried to play through the entire game but just gave up. No aspect of the gameplay and story could distract me from the frustration of these problems. There were instances in the game where I laughed and thought ""wow, I cannot believe how lazy the developers were, here"".It doesn't matter how cheap they make this game. It simply isn't worth the time. You are better off looking elsewhere."
,Not Recommended,208580,17444448,"Posted: 8 August, 2015",all,マスター・ドレイ,the game crashes on start up not worth the money
76561197977295842,Not Recommended,208580,17589314,"Posted: 17 August, 2015",all,PsychoThruster,"All bugs aside this game is a complete mess. Compared to the original KOTOR it falls short in every aspect. In attempting to deal with darker themes it offers promises of truly morally interesting stories, but fails to deliver. Worst of all, playing the game feels like a chore. The level design is some of the worst I have ever witnessed, they are designed to be labyrinthine and confusing which breaks immersion and quickly makes you stop giving a♥♥♥♥♥♥ The enemies are repetitive and far too numerous, a problem which existed in the first game but was expounded upon in the sequal to an absurd degree. The companions are all one dimensional and cliche, so much so that I found myself skipping all of the dialouge with them as opposed to the first game in which I was actually interested in what they had to say.Rather than enhancing the aspects that made the first game so wonderful, the developers saw fit to strip away all of the charm and replace it with confusing level design, poorly written characters, boring plots, and an ugly UI. There is nothing redeeming about this game, even if it was fun on some level, the bugs would prevent it from being enjoyed. Stay away from this. It is garbage."
76561198165643140,Not Recommended,208580,20116660,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,Mike Knowles,"With the new update, hearing that it supported widescreen all the way up to 4k I was not pleased when i launched the game in fullscreen 1080p and to my disatisfaction noticed the top half of the game was cut off, so naturally I searched for a fix online and found nothing after hours of trying to get the game to work in fullscreen I gave up and am now having to play the game in windowed mode in the middle of my monitor I am not happy! if anyone else has found a fix for this please notify me as I would have gave the game a 10/10 because it is one of my favriote games I am just dissapointed I cant play it in all it's glory :("
76561197998231236,Not Recommended,208580,18623990,"Posted: 22 October, 2015",all,kenundrum,"It is my own fault, for losing my 10 dollars. I had the first KOTOR, and half way through I realized it felt more like an obligation then a fun game. I finished it and decided to swear off this type of game. After over 10 years later, I kind of forgot why I didn't like it, and I was thinking I was too harsh before, and saw many good reviews of this game, and how it is still supported with patches 10 years later, and for some reason felt the need to try it again.6 hours in and I am taking it off my hard drive. It is terrible. Some say the story is great, up to this point I think it is awful. Endless ramblings from others, about things I couldn't care less about.  Endless mazes of the same looking corridors, interspersed with point and click enimies, and things you can open to find random objects. Quests with destinations I have no clue where they are, or even how to begin to get there. Run here, nope that is not it. Run there, dead end. Run around some more, maybe I missed something, so run back.Maybe the story gets better, but I cannot stand it so far, and do not care to find out. It is too much of a chore, and that is not why I play games. Made me remember why I swore this type of game off. It is not fun, nor interesting for me."
,Not Recommended,208580,31894555,Posted: 21 May,all,whitewolf24,After all these years Kreia-senpai is still not a romance option 1/10.
76561198090221669,Not Recommended,208580,21662636,"Posted: 6 March, 2016",all,1ShotPaddy,"Absolutely atrocious game. Tutorial level too long (3 hours), boring, meandering and unfairly challenging. Instead of level design the developers opted for the classic ""throw more waves of dumbass enemies at the player.""I'm just about to get to the Ebon Hawk and leave this soul-destroying mining facility behind only to find the hangar packed with up to 20 enemies spamming grenades, freeze rays and flamethrowers at me.Tried to get past the wall that is common to all Bioware games, that initial prologue/tutorial section, but I just couldn't give a toss really.Even with the restored content mod, ""Rushed to market"" is written all over every aspect, from graphics, sound, level design, gameplay mechanics etc, of the game."
76561198026868854,Not Recommended,208580,20161611,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,Umbra Excalibur Prime,This game crashes more than the amount of traffic accidents that happen in one year....
76561198090539471,Not Recommended,208580,30970988,Posted: 5 April,all,rcrecker,"Its ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t don't buy. It doesn't work on my computer, apparently you have to jump through 10 million hoops ion installation with 3rd party exe♥♥♥♥♥♥for it to work on any comp that isn't ancient. Screw you Steam, get your♥♥♥♥♥♥together"
76561198083514705,Not Recommended,208580,20005281,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,maikaal,"I have played it for 13 hours. At first I was very into it, felt like a deeper Mass Effect, but the problem is the story is very weak - Jedi have been almost wiped out by Sith - that is all I gotten so far. The dialogues have many options but I have to force myself to concentrate on them. They are often about past events and characters that I simply cannot care about. Malak balak raven vaven macalanian wars. I am at point where I have several options which planet to travel to, I chose one that I thought was mentioned in dialogues but as I arrive the welcoming character starts extremely boring dialogue that branches into even more boring options that makes me simply give up on this game. I know that I can skip most dialogue if I wanted but what's the point playing then? because the gameplay let's be honest is clunky hack and slash or pew fest. I am very disappoint, after hearing from some that this is the best game they ever played, this could easily be one of the WORST games I ever played and I'm not even exaggerating."
,Not Recommended,208580,19955221,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,Blunt Ride 420,"Thought this was going to be the game I've been looking before, until I realized one tragic flaw; this game is turn based. I'm not bashing on the game, as it seems full of lore and content, but it's not my cup of tea."
76561198008420326,Not Recommended,208580,17623336,"Posted: 19 August, 2015",all,jardail,"Regardless of the price in steam, this is a flaming piece of junk.  Don't recommend it at all even to hard corps star wars fans."
76561198026462177,Not Recommended,208580,15767918,"Posted: 9 May, 2015",all,Selena Gomez,DOESNT WORK MAJORITY TIME
76561198025266547,Not Recommended,208580,15734881,"Posted: 7 May, 2015",all,Buttrcup,"I'm not going to talk about this game.  I thought KotOR was one of the best Star War games of all time, and it made me think that this is probably the most exciting time period in the Star Wars universe.  And KotOR II by Obsidian didn't screw it up.  They didn't really play with any of the original formula.  It's basically just a different plot pasted on top of the 1st installment.  Sometimes, that's all you need.  It delivered, and if you liked KotOR, you'll like this one all the same.Now the reason I decided to write this review;  any chance this game gets to freeze up, it does it.  I have a game dedicated tower.  When this game freezes on me, I start up Bioshock: Infinite and Battlefield 4 on Ultra and play without a problem.  And when I say Steam has an excellent track record with me, I mean that the 100+ games we've played over the years have never done this.  I create a character and press play; freezes.  I walk into a different part of the map and it hits a load screen; freezes.  I press pause; freezes.  I don't understand.  I've uninstalled and reinstalled it.  I've reset my PC, I've given it a few days.  I don't know what to say, other than I am dissapointed that I would have to buy the original XBOX disc to be able to enjoy this game again.  So sad"
76561198025681070,Not Recommended,208580,13566161,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,Neutralred,"If you must play it, get some other stupid ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ to play the first couple of hours for you."
76561198238662750,Not Recommended,208580,18922765,"Posted: 6 November, 2015",all,Rainsw0rd,Cant even play it. Take it down Steam. You are stealing our money.
76561198220399984,Not Recommended,208580,28097012,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,EpicGamer5,My game still crashes after start up why does it do this
,Not Recommended,208580,17601144,"Posted: 18 August, 2015",all,Rip,"When they added the controller function the controls are now unsuable, all my game does now is just spin in circles. Do not waste your money on this game until they fix it."
76561198133965399,Not Recommended,208580,19894527,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,dr.pasta,"The game does not work whatsoever. After the developer's logo appears the game crashes.I've now spent one hour on trying to run this game with different approaches, but nothing works. Randomly I could suddenly play it, but only until after character creation, then the game crashed on me again and I couldn't rerun it with the same stettings.Don't waste your money programers that don't bother making their games function."
76561198088378448,Not Recommended,208580,17464589,"Posted: 9 August, 2015",all,Chimi changa,Could never get the camera panning problem fixed.  Too bad it looked like a good game.It is a very common problem with this game.Either the camera continously spins or you cannot turn it at all.
,Not Recommended,208580,20041134,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,charliewaffles,"Unfortunately, I made the mistake of playing the Mass Effect trilogy before getting to KOTOR 2, making its flaws and shortcomings twice as noticeable.The Bad: The main problem I have with the game is its difficulty. It's all over the place. It goes from being too easy to borderline impossible in a heartbeat, not surprising coming from Obsidian (Pillars of Eternity). The game forces you to play as different characters and takes control away from the player constantly, which completely screws up its pacing. Structurally, most missions are completely unninspired, having you go from point A to point B, clear out a few rooms and that's pretty much it. Same goes for the ""puzzles"" in the game, which are incredibly shallow and predictible.The Good: The characters are well written and the dialogue options are interesting and varied. The writing overall is superb. I didn't get to the end of the game, but the plot was intriguing and quite frankly was the only thing that kept me going. Also, the game recently received a MASSIVE patch, adding 4K, Windows 10 and Controller support, which is always a plus in my book.All in all, there are better RPG's out there. I'd personally Recommend the Mass Effect Trilogy, Dragon Age Origins and Dragon Age Inquisition."
76561198140004102,Not Recommended,208580,27300282,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Chewbacca,worst sequel ever. its a FLipping copy of the first game.
,Not Recommended,208580,10964073,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,DARKgunner101,Says i played it for an hour and yet ihavent even been able to start it up... DON'T BUY THIS IF YOU USE WINDOWS 7 OR XP. (unless willing to find and download files to fix it)And I'm using a Windows XP... I really wanted to play it to.Please update to fix.
76561198130805958,Not Recommended,208580,23631058,"Posted: 18 June, 2016",all,midnightwarrior19,This is a beautiful game and is just as good as the first one but if you want this game I would reccomend you get yourself an original Xbox and get yourself a copy of this game. Here on Steam this game has to many issues. It crashes at a constant rate and sometimes wont even run. Beautiful game but sorry I do not reccomend this
,Not Recommended,208580,19886366,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,huxley001,"Way too much nostalgia surrounding this game.  Glad I only paid $2.99.  It may have been great when it came out, but it has not aged well at all."
76561198032381396,Not Recommended,208580,29790220,Posted: 8 February,all,Posh Hat,"Kotor II is a mixed bag. The mechanics feel pretty good for the most part, but the plot and character development leave a lot to be desired.There are numerous improvements made to the power/feat selection, compared to what was available in Kotor I. Blaster-wielding characters are more viable, classes can spend feats to remove cross-class skill penalties, and the upgrade/crafting system has been greatly expanded. In this respect, this game is better than its predecessor.The story, on the other hand, feels like a step back, at least in my opinion. There are some iteresting characters with interesting perspectives and goals, but the plot itself seems... absent for much of the game (especially for the first 10 or so hours).""Rough"" is the word that best describes Kotor II. It isn't a bad game, but It has enough blemishes to make it difficult to recommend.(EDIT: Tried to make the whole thing less ranty.)"
,Not Recommended,208580,21090633,"Posted: 9 February, 2016",all,Alien Beans,"You cannot get past char-creation without it crashing. All the so called 'fixes' for this problem do not help, either. Shame really, I loved the first one, but it's not my fault they made a broken game."
,Not Recommended,208580,21149358,"Posted: 12 February, 2016",all,pok_03,"Not as a good as the first game, this one got the lore wrong, the dialogue was annoying  and the controls complicated. should have followed the first kotor all the way"
76561198079301406,Not Recommended,208580,19965133,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,Eardstapa,The game is broken. I got half way through and now it crashes when I attempt to go any further. Strongly recommend against wasting the time and money playing this.
76561198114035960,Not Recommended,208580,19759627,"Posted: 18 December, 2015",all,gopnik squats matter,"very fun game untill you get to 5th and final planet. you can breeze though most of the planets. difficulty only increasing in the sense that party members will either aggro enemies that are nowhere near you, or they won't attack even if they are right next to a horde of enemies. what you do with your character doesn't matter either. 90% of the game will be easy enough for it not to matter, the remaining 10% will be way to hard unless you made the absolute best choices throughout. i tried completing the game 5 times (since it's release) and i failed 5 times because the final bose (as far as i can tell) is just impossible to beat."
,Not Recommended,208580,23445184,"Posted: 7 June, 2016",all,Screenfacer,"A technically inferior product to its predecessor, which has had ironically more recent support. There are frequent places in the game where a Xeon W3570 + R7 370 cannot maintain 60fps (dips to ~25)."
,Not Recommended,208580,19772703,"Posted: 18 December, 2015",all,knowon_yuno,"I love the game. I hate what Steam has done to the default download of it.My computer is 3 years old. This game is eleven years old. Steam developers have ""fixed"" the game so that I can't run the game with my ""ancient"" hardware. I'd love to play it, but I can't sift through all of the snark and derision in the support threads to find a solution to my problem. I've wasted hours trying to work it out. I anticipated playing an old favorite, intead I got a headache and a distaste for this community. I should note that I've played ES 3, 4, & 5 on this rig with no problems, and ES5(Skyrim) running a dozen mods. KotoR2 won't even load.Don't buy this decade+ old game unless you have a fancy rig."
76561198063961105,Not Recommended,208580,20101729,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,Hyperion,RUN!!! Not at all like KORTOR. It doesn't play well at all. If you greatly enjoyed the first one you should not go near this game.
,Not Recommended,208580,18525028,"Posted: 17 October, 2015",all,Doctor Wu,"I cant call this game an RPG,its an MMO wth nobody else playing.If they would have just made a real combat system where i can actually swing my lightsaber or shoot guns this game would have actually been enjoyable.  Its essentially a point a click adventure game,there is no real combat at any point.A definite refund."
76561198074355816,Not Recommended,208580,16149301,"Posted: 2 June, 2015",all,reshon59,dont like it
76561198044488033,Not Recommended,208580,17426088,"Posted: 7 August, 2015",all,crunching tiger,"I hope everyone takes the time to read this review as much as I took to write it.This wasn't the sequel that fans of the original Knights of the Old Republic were hoping for. I, especially, was surprised to hear that too when i heard that the sequel to the compelling game series was ruined by lazy development. Yet, here i am, typing a bad review of a game series that I loved so much.Lots of opinions of this game start off by saying the graphics had.. become lacking in the polish the original had, leaving a lot to ask if they had recycled the game engine. I believe that the shift in development to Obsidian Entertainment had contributed to the poor resolution of graphics compared to the careful, meticulous details of the first from Bioware and Aspyr. They had defintiely improved the animations of character expression (which to be fair is difficult as it is from an animator's perspective) but Obsidian seemed more obsessed over making all the combat look ""cool"" and ""immersive"" that they had forgotten to write a story with the same qualities.Bioware and Aspyr understood that a story has to be compelling to really convince people that they are there in the universe of Star Wars. They took a lesson from ol' Lucas himself when writing the first game's story... they had conflict in the beginning, a mission to save a damsel, a wookie, an asthmatic cyborg villain, visiting different planets, a revelation of immense proportions and finally a gigantic space battle. This was the formula, and it didn't matter if the graphics looked subpar from 2003, you just knew that when an NPC in the game talked about their homeworld of Corellia in the Outer Rim of the galaxy, that they were a part of a living world, they added to the immersion and they didn't even have to show you, they just had to say it. Somehow, saying that the Jedi Enclave on Dantooine being decimated by Malak's armada was more of an impact than showing it. That's what made KOTOR so amazing for it's time.Obsidian Entertainment tried their best, however, they gave a story that followed the formula of how to make a Knights of the Old Republic game, not how to make an amazing Star Wars game. I liked where they were coming from when it came to writing and character development, especially the villains representing aspects of the Exile (Darth Nihilus to represent the abandonment of moral principle and belief, Darth Sion to represent the idea of pain from the past keeping yourself stronger and Darth Traya representing betrayal to the people you swore you'd fight for) however, these only served as snippets of what the developers could have done.Then comes the infamous ending that so many fans hate about this game. Originally, your companions were supposed to serve as a compelling part of the ending on Malachor V. However, back in 2004 when the game was originally supposed to be released, Obsidian Entertainment was going through some setbacks and had to rush their deadline to release the game. Many have criticized it as being an incomplete game, especially towards the end. I feel like we've come this far as a gaming community to understand that rushing a deadline for a game is probably a good indicator that it's not going to live up to expectations.So to wrap it up, I felt like this game was definitely more unique in some ways and lacking in others, but to condemn this game as sacrilegious to the KOTOR series would be going a little to far. I invite newer gamers to give the first game a try, however this was definitely not the sequel that i was hoping for, and unless you're a diehard Star Wars fan as well as a diehard KOTOR fan, then i wouldn't recommend this game to you, even if asked to play it."
76561198147445965,Not Recommended,208580,15779040,"Posted: 10 May, 2015",all,MountPyroParty,i dont like it that much
76561198151380224,Not Recommended,208580,17338311,"Posted: 1 August, 2015",all,Garth,"♥♥♥♥ you developers, this game was just fine until you updated it, now i cant even play it. Havent you heard the goddamn saying if it aint broken dont fix it. This ♥♥♥♥ing definetaly is the case, i swear to god you better ♥♥♥♥ing fix it."
,Not Recommended,208580,20314569,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,[MGL]will573573,"KotOR 2 is without a doubt a half baked piece of garbage compared to the first game.  The story is highly intriguing, but man, this game is eternally buggy and incomplete.  Character conversations are out of pace with the progession of the plot.  Action sequences (such as when you fight Visas Marr) can be awkwardly left and returned to later (I was able to walk around the Ebon Hawk like it was business as usual despite there being a Sith on the ship).  Voice acting is sloppier and of generally of lower quality than the first game (aside from Kriea, who is the only reason that I might consider still playing this game).  The first level, Peragus, is one of the most boring maps I've ever played and lasts way too long.  Side quests are uninspired (feel more like chores than adventures of importance) and are obviously used as filler rather than a way to embellish the planets you visit (especially Nar Shaadda); some are actually unfinishable.  Cut material is still apparent in this ""final product"" (e.g. in the Old Military Base on Telos, the Sub Basement area is never accessible).  Level design is lazy and unremarkable, with the same hallway patterns (grids) used across levels.  I could go on.I know that this game was released on a tight deadline but this is unacceptible, especially with the amount of praise this game receives.  I've read reviews comparing KotOR 2 and KotOR 1 to The Empire Strikes Back and A New Hope respectively in terms of complexity and quality.  They could not be further from the truth. KotOR 2 had promise and ultimately could have been a superior game to the first KotOR.  LucasArts and Obsidian squandered this opportunity years ago, however.  No amount of apologism can change the fact that this game is a crappy, unfinished mess."
,Not Recommended,208580,19156128,"Posted: 19 November, 2015",all,Pepe,"Bought this game together with KOTOR 1 on a sale. KOTOR 1 was amazing, its graphic was ahead of it's time, there aren't many mundane fetch quests, each planet has its own theme and it is so interesting to visit a new planet and explore. Sure it is a bit too slow sometimes, but it was pretty (love the desert with that broken sand cruiser).KOTOR 2 is incredibly boring right from the start. I mean it is unbelievably, utterly, mind-numbingly dull right from the get ♥♥♥♥ing go. I am 6 hours into this game because I'm told that it is gonna get better eventually, but it is just as bad on Telos as it is on Taris. Boring design in terms of gameplay as well as graphic.Another incredibly annoying issue is the sheer amount of bug and crashes that appear throughout the game.Unless a series of super fun fetch quests is to your taste, then do not get this game. It is nothing like KOTOR. All you fanboys that praised this game like it is a blessing from god, you can all go ♥♥♥♥ yourself.P/s: How many more times must your character rush through an entire mine field to get to a droid, mere seconds after you specifically tell him not to?"
,Not Recommended,208580,17392382,"Posted: 4 August, 2015",all,AustinsTrap,Game is not supporting a proper port to the pc and even with the new mods which are not working anymore thanks to people not crediting the original person who designed it (Meaning me) to continue to make it work it seems that you have to mod from top to bottom to make it work. As I said two years ago I will not regret deleting the fix and I hope the admins fo the forum burn in hell.
76561198017705072,Not Recommended,208580,18160907,"Posted: 23 September, 2015",all,Kotor99,Keeps scrolling down on main menu.
,Not Recommended,208580,23197145,"Posted: 25 May, 2016",all,MarioDragon,"A quest glitched about 12 hours in, one that was essential for the story to continue. Nothing I tried fixed it and the answer is basically ""restart the game and hope it doesn't happen again."" The story and gameplay was fun up until that game breaking glitch, but I can't sit through the first twelve hours again, I'd rather replay KOTOR 1."
,Recommended,208580,12430903,"Posted: 9 October, 2014",all,Classic Oswald,"Even with all the bad reviews it's given, this is my favorite Star Wars- scratch that, ALL TIME favorite game. Yes, even over the first one, and all its praise, and without mods. Go ahead and give me crap about it, shoot me, hurt me, because I don't care, but I keep coming back to this game, and I keep loving it every time I play it.First off, the story. It has this deep, sinister plot that I really like in videogames. I love that there's ""so much to do, so much to see...""  Didn't want to make a reference, but it's true. A lot of characters have stories that connect with the main character, which is a.... coincedence... It always seems like you're holding the fate of the galaxy in your hands, no mater what path or what actions you take, which is a good feeling in a game.The music is still awesome, but I will admit, I prefer TWO of the previous game's tracks more than any of the new ones. The new animations were a nice edition, as the previous game didn't have as many, and they were getting old. The new powers are awesome to say the least.That's pretty much all I have to say. If I did have anything else to say, I forgot about it. If you want to try this game, go for it. I'm not one to judge if you'll join the bandwagon, or you'll join what's probably 1% of this game's community. You'll likely change your opinion after you download The Sith Lords Restored Content Mod version 1.8.3. It's the closest to what the game was going to be we're going to get for quite a while.Good luck, and may the Force be with you."
,Not Recommended,208580,20057839,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,Bill Murray,This game is stupid.
,Recommended,208580,22039975,"Posted: 25 March, 2016",all,El Guapo,My experience with this fantastic game is from previous times playing it on Xbox it is still the same game I would marry if I could I mean marrying software is frowned upon probably not legal XD
76561198170183582,Recommended,208580,17172669,"Posted: 22 July, 2015",all,VaultScavenger,"I am stuck on a part in a ship and while this is a good game, I am stuck on the mine field. I have no idea how to get past it. I do reccomend the game, but if you all have any idea how to get past that mine field when (spoilers) your character gets captured and you need to break him out. Should I try to kill all the enimies, or run by. I tried to kill them but I die every time. Help???"
,Recommended,208580,29233889,Posted: 13 January,all,Hidden Trash Can,ASSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSS but i mean it was ight
76561198080487882,Recommended,208580,25421701,"Posted: 8 September, 2016",all,Regan,"I don't know what to say about this game, so I'm just going to do something about it.*Dab*11/10 would *Dab* with me."
,Not Recommended,208580,22156060,"Posted: 31 March, 2016",all,Nazimchik,it sux
,Not Recommended,208580,29752308,Posted: 6 February,all,Baron Robie,"The original KOTOR was quite special in its era.  This is a longwinded, unoriginal sequel.  Its plot is a chore to get through; its characters are vanilla versions of KOTOR I's cast."
76561198115935771,Not Recommended,208580,32133252,Posted: 2 June,all,LeidenMind,DO NOT PURCHASE! Unless they can find a clear path way to get the game to work properly I HIGHLY RECOMMEND YOU DO NOT BUY THE GAME. I tried everything i could find online to try to get the game to work and could not get it to work at all. Its not worth the time nor the effort.
76561198030741785,Recommended,208580,4015140,"Posted: 26 December, 2012",all,SouthofHeaven,One of the all time greats!
,Not Recommended,208580,12430129,"Posted: 9 October, 2014",all,ZCerebrate,"Disjointed and unfinished.  This game was a disappointment for those who had played the original Knights of the Old Republic and was looking for a similar experience.  I found myself falling asleep to this game often enough while playing it on my labtop in bed (which accounts for my extremely high hours played on one playthrough).The engine was recycled but game balance, storyline and game mechanics were left unpolished and left much to be desired.  The horrid sudden cliche ending left a strange taste that the game was shipped as it was when a deadline was missed rather than finishing the product first."
76561198010897055,Not Recommended,208580,17336365,"Posted: 1 August, 2015",all,Erebus214,"I absolutly love this game, but find another way to play it. The new update either works great for you or made the game COMPLETELY unplayable. and from my experience, before teh update, there were fan made bug fixes, so the game was actually very playable, now they patched it and it has become unplayable. the time I have on record over the last two weeks, was mostly from before the patch and trying to troubleshoot. Don't buy this game as they seem to think the bugs are the players problems, not their fix. Considering the stuff they said was my problem made no sense, but I did their troubleshooting steps anyway and it actually made it worse, I would not buy this game until they patch it again, if they patch it again. Don't belive me? Goto the forums and look at the bug reports since the patch. If they patch this again and it actually fixes things, then I will change my review, but until then, don't waste your money on a game that you only have a 50/50 shot of being able to play at all."
76561198179137350,Not Recommended,208580,19239720,"Posted: 23 November, 2015",all,jeremy-russell91,installed on windows 7 doesnt work wont make it past developer intro at the start. running an alienware i7 2GB ddr5
76561198007209253,Not Recommended,208580,10887493,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,HOONS Moleman,Note to people who just wanna wildly swing around light sabres. This games combat system is set up like a final fantasy. and you can not 3rd person shooter type run around with wreckless abandon. Thats why I bought it. This review would have been helpful to me.
76561198153421433,Not Recommended,208580,17896229,"Posted: 5 September, 2015",all,bmoreland1999,The game won't load.
76561198143900589,Not Recommended,208580,17217621,"Posted: 25 July, 2015",all,Alexito,"Despite the new mod, you run the risk of a game-ending glitch. Devastating beyond belief. I'm furious. I lost SO many hours lost. For those who know the game, it happened toward the end of the Nar-Shaddaa mission. Playing as the wrong character (Atton), the mission skipped backward to an earlier point such that I can't progress without the game crashing. I'm hoping there'll be some kind of patch, though I don't know if I'll ever want to risk playing KOTOR II again. The same sort of game-ending glitch rendered KOTOR I unplayable as well after about 20-something hours of gameplay."
76561198076919726,Not Recommended,208580,17221055,"Posted: 25 July, 2015",all,siraelias,"This game is buggy beyond belief. Unless you are really proficient in editing program files, I do not suggest getting it."
76561198052266133,Not Recommended,208580,14173247,"Posted: 25 January, 2015",all,youngertalbot,Broken Game. wont work at all without a ridiculous amount of modding and patching. Thanks again stem for selling me an incomplete unuseable product.
,Not Recommended,208580,15972946,"Posted: 23 May, 2015",all,KillerBananas,Sadly this game crashes every 10-20min while playing. Just goes at random and there is no way that I have found to fix it and steam does not seem interested at helping one bit. This is such a great game and its memory is being killed by steam not taking care of it like they should.
,Not Recommended,208580,15721179,"Posted: 6 May, 2015",all,Lady Gwen,"I don't know how a sequel can get worse graphics, but this one succeded. It rips the story off  from the first, you are a powerful force user, you are captured, severed from the force, and have no memory.The story is less compelling, the dialog boring, and the characters cookie cutter. Falls very short of KOTOR 1"
,Not Recommended,208580,12014261,"Posted: 7 September, 2014",all,Phirobl,"Playing Kotor2 felt less about playing through an epic space-opera with you as the protagonist, and more a case of counting down how long until the next bug crashes my game to desktop with no prior warning, explination or error message.At the time of writing I have 60 hours played on the game, and not once have I managed to finish the thing due game breaking-crashes, all of which happened at different times strangely.The Restored Content Mod for this is almost as well known as the game itself, but felt to not improve my experience at all: getting rid of some old points of crashing to desktop, but at the same time adding NEW points to crash to desktop.For the times when you're actually playing the game, it's a lot of fun: combat is better than Kotor1, but still feels a bit like a numbers game...if you don't know what kind of build is best for a character in the beginning, you're going to have some difficulty with the multiple sections where you are forced to play a character that isn't the protagonist.Kotor2 is a great game; if you can get the dam thing to work, which I could not. If you do decide to buy it; all the best in trying to get it functional."
,Not Recommended,208580,19943294,"Posted: 25 December, 2015",all,Brad [Vancouver],"I dunno. Maybe this was fun in 2005, but I can't get into it. Sparse environments, linear gameplay. Slightly nausea inducing as well."
76561197993566381,Not Recommended,208580,17180568,"Posted: 22 July, 2015",all,Nero,"It's a great game, but so incredibly bugged that it's unplayable at times. It's amazing how often the mouse stops working, cutscenes just start autoskipping, or the game will crash while changing planets. I love the story, but the bugs are too much.Edit: Make sure to save every time you try to change planets or before any cutscenes. Have to beat the final boss again because it crashed during the credits."
76561198043655594,Not Recommended,208580,17186342,"Posted: 23 July, 2015",all,solafide783,"This game was amazing.. until the patch recently released made it unplayable.  Have a gamepad?  You're screwed.  The screen spins and spins and spins no matter what you do.  Use an xbox 360 controller.. game spins.  Logitech gamepad.. game spins.  PS4 controller emulated as an xbox controller, game spins.  Disable all game pads and drivers??  Oh, the mouse stops being detected within minutes, leaving only keyboard presses that work, making the game unplayable.They have taken one of the best RPGs in my library and completely made it unplayable.  I'll update this if they decide to fix their ""update""."
76561198248907858,Not Recommended,208580,17966399,"Posted: 10 September, 2015",all,andrew83492,"I played this game for a few hours, but had to give up because it was so boring.  You feel like a spectator, rather than a participant, when playing this game.  The combat system is just 'point and click on the enemy, wait until combat resolved'.  I found the conversation trees were much too long to follow, making me just click through them.  And the graphics in the cut scenes don't stand up too well - they seem not to have been updated from the original 2004 material.  So unfortunately I can't recommend this game."
,Not Recommended,208580,17729485,"Posted: 26 August, 2015",all,johntheissen32,2.3/10+/- ok story-boring gameplay-terrible combat system-lazy character creation desing
76561198013289149,Not Recommended,208580,10878181,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,Zinn,"Don't get me wrong, this game is really fun and I had a blast (mostly) for the time I played it - until I got into a bug game breaking enough for me not to be able to continue the game. This wasn't even the first one, but for every one I managed to find a fix or patch that eventually solved my issue. This added unecessary and extremely boring work and wasted time to what should've been fun game time and when I finally got to a point where the option was starting over completely or not play any more, I threw in the towel.Here are the two biggest bugs I encountered, because all the smaller ones I can't remember:- Choosing the ""wrong"" dialogue option when talking to a certain character made it so that another character didn't spawn: Had to reload an old save and replay 30 min to choose the right option.- Event not initiating, but getting stuck mid cut-scene with the characters just staring at me. At this point I didn't know if restarting the game would even fix the issue and didn't want to risk several hours of gameplay into nothing again, so I stopped playing.This game should never have been released the way it is and asking for money for it is just wrong. I tried mods and just about anything people on the internets said would make the game better, but I shouldn't have to do that just to get the game to work! I was so disappointed because I really liked this game and I definitely wanted to be able to finish it. Maybe I was just very unlucky, but from my experiences I can not recommend this game the way it is."
76561198110551470,Not Recommended,208580,16895947,"Posted: 5 July, 2015",all,weaponspec,The game is full of ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t.
76561198236153832,Not Recommended,208580,17477990,"Posted: 10 August, 2015",all,Magicmaalymaal,Keeps crashing :(
76561197964850600,Not Recommended,208580,17411917,"Posted: 6 August, 2015",all,Evil Unk,"I have to say I like the RPG idea. But I quit playing because it was just SO repetitive!I wanted to make it until I got a lightsabre, but I just can't waste my time doing the SAME THING over and over with a different background.There is just mind numbing repitition.First I am on a ship as a droid doing different tasks. (Not bad stuff there)Then I am on a space station as a person. Click , attack, click atrtack, click attack.Then I am on a planet. . . click attack, click attack, click attack.Then I am on another planet.. .  clic attack, click attack, click attack.Then I am on ANOTHER planet. . .click attack, click attack.Then I am in a cave on that planet. . . click attack, click attack.Then I am on ANOTHER planet. . .click attack, click attack.Then I am in a building on that planet. . . click attack, click attack.After wasting so much time I just decided it isn't worth ny time.Story is ok. But man, the action is so boring after a bit.I put it on easy to get the battles over faster just so I could get more of the story.Wanted to like it, but secretely hate it now."
76561198066060752,Not Recommended,208580,17214024,"Posted: 24 July, 2015",all,DeepWinter112,This game is barely a game. The creators coppied a few parts from the original kotor and those are the best looking parts of the game. I could barely play the game becuase there were so many bugs. It had one of the worst stories i have ever seen. The game was so bad that the entire time i was playing i wanted to retry the original game becuase this game a ♥♥♥♥ing piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥
,Not Recommended,208580,13025496,"Posted: 21 November, 2014",all,Dax Bane,"Crashes on startup for me - even after trying various tips on the board (even tried to force software rendering, no dice)Here's the system requirements:OS: Windows XP, Windows Vista and Windows 7Processor: Intel Pentium 3 1GHz or AMD Athlon 1GHzMemory: 256MB RAMHard Disk Space: 5 GBVideo Card: 32MB with Hardware T&LDirectX®: DirectX 9.0b compatibleSound: DirectX 9.0b compatibleHere's how my rig meets/exceeds those:OS: XPProc: Dual Xeon 2.7Memory: 4GB DDRDisk Space: 20GBVideo Card: 128MB AGP 8xDirectX: 9.0cyet it still crashes after the intro movies (which is as far as I can get) - interestingly, KOTOR runs fine on the same rig"
76561198096099669,Not Recommended,208580,17053002,"Posted: 14 July, 2015",all,Turtlemaster,the first is way better dont get this game
76565734343544355,Recommended,208580,24547465,"Posted: 26 July, 2016",all,Mr. Explosive,I probably have played this game on Xbox for over 300 hours back in the day. Now with the mod support and the fact it is on Steam makes it even greater. That must tell you something about the game!
76561198045309386,Not Recommended,208580,15779895,"Posted: 10 May, 2015",all,SomeStupidIdiot,DO NOT DOWNLOAD THIS VERSSION OF THE GAME! it worked perfectly and then I stopped playing it for a few months. Now it constantly crashes whenever I try to play.I've tried every fix and mod out there and it still won't work. This is bull♥♥♥♥♥♥ I want my money back.
,Not Recommended,208580,17169656,"Posted: 22 July, 2015",all,DrillaKilla inc.,There are still a lot of bugs - gameplay is fine.  For me it was sound issues that put me off playing.
76561198111008405,Not Recommended,208580,11272703,"Posted: 16 July, 2014",all,bwoodsend,Although this is a good game it is so full of bugs and glitches which are mostly unavoidable and a large number of them preventing progress to parts of the story. Some of these I have managed to get around with mods only to find another problem later and having to find a mod for that too. I would recomend getting this game but not for PC and definately not from steam
76561198080458746,Not Recommended,208580,11371432,"Posted: 22 July, 2014",all,The Notorious WIlly Wrangler,it is hard to review this games considerin it closes as soon as i start it.
76561198089574189,Not Recommended,208580,13932080,"Posted: 10 January, 2015",all,Putins Capybara,"DOES NOT WORK...I have tried every fix for this game, and every single time when its on the loading screen after charechter creation, it crashes 3 quarters of the way there."
76561198136152613,Not Recommended,208580,11121591,"Posted: 7 July, 2014",all,goongunner,"i tried and failed to get the game to work, but im not an expert. if you are good with debugging, it might be worth a try"
76561198029325741,Not Recommended,208580,14803026,"Posted: 8 March, 2015",all,Galven,"Combatibility issues with modern hardwear. I tryed about 10 diffrent fixes, none of them worked."
,Not Recommended,208580,12033640,"Posted: 9 September, 2014",all,Darc The Pumpkin King,"For some reason I was expecting a Fallout 3 type FPS/RPG combo when I bought this game, but it's actually a pure RPG with a semi-turn based system.  I didn't like it, but if you are a Star Wars fan, then maybe you might find this game more interesting than me.  I like Star Wars as much as the next guy, but not enough to appreciate this game."
,Not Recommended,208580,29063575,Posted: 6 January,all,X66,"Its just not that good.  The story is so random and unfinished I had no idea what wass going on most of the time without checking out the wiki (wookie) page.  Yeah its got way more customisation, but honestly it ends so abruptly without tying up any loose ends its like they had a deadline and just released a half finished game.  Yes, I know there's a mod to restore some more of the story but I didn't even bother since the story is so utterly boring in the first place.*Spoilers-Starts the same as the first.-Meet old lady that speaks like a sith, acts like a sith, fights like a sith, smells like a sith... but isn't cos thats a secret.-Go to space station and run for hours from end to end for hours, something to do with banking? or something?-Go to planet and meet the most boring ancestor of Darth Maul who has a really weird accent.-From here it gets weird... something happens with some blind Sith and some hiding Jedi and you protecta...farm?-A bad wookie... something to do with bounty hunters or something, and a club thats full of smelly gas.-You go to a planet and your party splits up for no reason, you fight gradually harder bosses all in a row and then the old lady who's not a sith tells you she's a sith and you're like whoooooaaaaa and it ends.Yeah, i just saved you so many hours..."
76561198325983520,Not Recommended,208580,30949420,Posted: 4 April,all,[1st Bitch] Artheft Gaming,It keeps crashing doesnt work nd waisted my money
76561198152677612,Not Recommended,208580,16139476,"Posted: 2 June, 2015",all,CRC27DOR,Does not work on windows 7.  Do not buy.
,Not Recommended,208580,17702814,"Posted: 24 August, 2015",all,thecelt1234,i bought this game thinking it would be like star wars the old republic.. but nope.. i dont suggest this bocuse you cant join the sith or be on the dark side you are just slammed right into being a jedi like?!?!? what if i want to be a rebbel with a gun or a storm trooper or something.. this game just lacks the person playing the game..
,Not Recommended,208580,15646263,"Posted: 1 May, 2015",all,-=Zimi=-,"Rather boring combat system, not really fast paced, yes i know its an RPG."
76561197969571276,Not Recommended,208580,11408305,"Posted: 25 July, 2014",all,Roscowgo,"This game has what may be the clumsiest interface I have ever encountered. I have no idea if it's any good or not as it's basically unplayable.If you bought this game, you are owed a refund."
76561197971275063,Not Recommended,208580,17213154,"Posted: 24 July, 2015",all,mourasantos,"Avoid. It's not just that it fails to live up to the first game (which is a genuine masterpiece), it's light years away from doing so. The writing especially is a a complete and utter embarrassement in comparison.Oddly enough, the geekiest among the geeks seem to have a liking for it. So if you're a neckbeard basement-dweller, you may want to consider it.Warning: includes possibly the most irritating NPC in the history of video-games (Kreia)."
,Not Recommended,208580,17574659,"Posted: 16 August, 2015",all,Mal,"I have to say, this is one of the WORST movies I have ever seen.If you like Star Trek, this spin off will make you make you mad.I'll start by saying the character development is horrible.  It feels as if I was watching someone play World of War craft.  It is slow, dull, and nothing happens.  The characters are bland and forgetable, the enviroment has tons of errors relating to the old Star Trek series.  Also, this show is really bad as the Vulcans show emotion.  This is a stain to the legacy that Gene Roddenberry created.Don't bother with this hellish thing.  It is not worth your time, rather go and play Star Trek:  Battlefront II.  That game has a better storyline, better character development then this movie.'EDIT:I know it says I have only watched a bit of it, but I have seen it all on a different account"
76561198158410127,Not Recommended,208580,33687283,Posted: 20 July,all,Ghost2recon,"game wont run on windows 7, heard really great things about it tho"
76561198056344337,Not Recommended,208580,31709193,Posted: 12 May,all,PhantomPower (no mic),Seems like a fun game but bugs make it unplayable.
,Not Recommended,208580,13603793,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,mjbrandonbowers,"WARNING:  With today's technology--ANY GAMES, SOFTWARE, or the like that is stated to work with Windows XP or lower DO NOT GET IT!  This game has failed to work on all sorts of levels.  It is not just the operating system.  The video card can cause serious issues due to the support of such old technology is completely and totally non-functional."
76561198031330840,Not Recommended,208580,15489904,"Posted: 22 April, 2015",all,Suave Renegade,"Buggy and it shows. This game loses whatever immersion it had by being a general mess with its graphical issues and the the gameplay. Cutscenes will end due to the characters speaking at lightspeed missing whatever discussion there was. Frame rate drops immensely or it gone entirely on minigames. Game will crash without a moment's notice, and with this game's almost non-existant autosave system you will be rage quitting more than you should have to. The difficulty curve is raised sharpely with just the removal of your party members and the exponential rise in the number of enemies you have to deal with. Voice acting I will say is impeccable and the characters are interesting but you will only be interested in your circle of best characters. I was told it the game is fixable through all manner of game modification but it did not help. I suppose for just 10 dollars it was alright. But it was headache inducing so I cannot recommend for health's sake."
,Not Recommended,208580,17169097,"Posted: 22 July, 2015",all,Commander Lakin,i warn you! for me it crashes on launch. Spent hour of trying to fix it to na avail. returned the goods.But otherwise i heard its pretty awesome game!
76561198141990262,Not Recommended,208580,20345489,"Posted: 6 January, 2016",all,choochoospal,this games graphics can die in a hole and re dug and barried again that there so bad i wouldnt even continue past the turtorial good thing it was like 3.99 during the sale definetly not worth getting it fo full price
,Not Recommended,208580,17953666,"Posted: 9 September, 2015",all,Player 1,"This game is unplayable.No controller support, the store page says otherwise, it lies.M+K controls are horrible.Sound is awful, worst sound in a game I have ever experienced.Waste of time and money."
76561198199798461,Not Recommended,208580,19703455,"Posted: 14 December, 2015",all,Scooty,no
,Not Recommended,208580,28402787,"Posted: 16 December, 2016",all,bernatel,"Abandoned it halfway once, tried again, abandoned it again.It implements a lot of complexity into the relationships between the (interesting) characters, plus a ""remember/define your forgotten past"" dynamic for the main character. Add to that the ""neither light nor dark"" teachings of Kreia, and it all sounds very interesting and clever, but it just didn't work. Most of the time, I was between indifferent and annoyed.It is definitely more compley than KOTOR I, but that in itself doesn't make it any better."
76561198060842952,Not Recommended,208580,10765866,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,Frupakhan,"I played the first KOTOR game and beat it as both light and dark sides. I wanted to do the same with KOTOR 2, except that i couldnt get into the game at all. It never had that grip that the first game had and just wasnt even a fun game in general. Very disappointing :("
,Not Recommended,208580,13423637,"Posted: 17 December, 2014",all,Mystical Marcus,"As great of a game this is, its filled with bugs and cut content due to lack of playtesting because of a deadline on the game's development. The story is nice, the influence system is a great addition, aswell as new feats and the ability to become a jedi as soon as the game starts, but as great as that all is, it dosent make up for the fact that i've had to create 5 seprate characters just to pray that a game breaking bug dosent show up and ruin everything before i can even visit all the planets. The romance system aswell is not worthwhile, and very few of your descisions make much of a difference overall except for a few involving your gender and your alignment. Stick to the first game, who knows, you might get lucky and be able to beat this game bug-free if you're willing to gamble $10.EDIT: Yes, i'm aware of the TSLRCM, but this guide is about what you get on purchase, NOT what you have to do later. For those that dont know, TSLRCM is a mod that adds a bunch of bugfixes and restores some lost content, but still dosent fix some of the ones which personally ruined the experience for me. Off the top of my head: Dialouge having no audio and skipping rappidly, The dark exile not appearing in theTomb on korriban when confronting the vision of revan, The former can happen at random and requires a full reboot of the game, the latter also happens at random and forces you to start a new game, plus the mod is overwritten if you leave the game settings on 'Always keep this game updated' which makes no sense to me, you have to set it to 'Only update when i launch the game' which can be misleading as it dosent actually update the game at all. On a final note, most people (myself included) wont know about TSLRCM unless they know to go looking for it, call me bad at using google if you want but i didnt know about or find TSLRCM untill months after buying the game.TL;DR This is a guide about what you get, not what you want."
76561198010793908,Not Recommended,208580,17372730,"Posted: 3 August, 2015",all,Djahn,Too hard to move around
,Not Recommended,208580,15322254,"Posted: 12 April, 2015",all,FireDragoon,iif your a big fan of  star wars i would not get this game its awful it wont even go full screen the carecter customization is the same terible i would just get STAR WARS the old republic not knights of the old rebublic and i fell i wasted 10 dollars on it.
,Not Recommended,208580,15671390,"Posted: 3 May, 2015",all,aWildWatermelon,Runs terribly on PC.
76561197969594439,Not Recommended,208580,23044581,"Posted: 17 May, 2016",all,Professor Overlord,This game does not hold up. Good god I am glad that I only spent like $2.50 on it.
,Not Recommended,208580,23082042,"Posted: 19 May, 2016",all,mo97.me,This game is a piece of junk. Terrible controls of a broken pic port. It is isn't that it won't run on Windows 10 or just sucks
76561198089644797,Not Recommended,208580,11053270,"Posted: 3 July, 2014",all,bblanchette26,i feel i would have like it if it actully WORKED!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!but no does not even start do not buy this game
76561198138767287,Not Recommended,208580,15454246,"Posted: 19 April, 2015",all,sdrake_1988,"I feel I wasted my money on this game, after playing on it for 10+ hour a glitch has appeared and I can not progress any further. I am so annoyed with this."
,Not Recommended,208580,24040403,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,MPO,"Knights of the Old Republic is lauded as a masterpiece, and for its time, it certainly was. But its age unquestionably shows with clunky controls and overly complex systems, which constantly drain the player. Hardcore fans of the franchise won't mind ancient game design, but if you're anyone else, try Star Wars: The Old Republic instead."
76561198139917696,Not Recommended,208580,13939476,"Posted: 11 January, 2015",all,Jay73331,"i can't even play this game, it says there is a problem and then i have to close it down.i can't believe it because i just spent £5.00 on this game.i have windows 8.1 and i am hoping someone has a solution???!"
76561198007249660,Not Recommended,208580,13916973,"Posted: 9 January, 2015",all,chris_sparky,good pc? dont buy this game then
76561198046461396,Not Recommended,208580,13926207,"Posted: 10 January, 2015",all,Kalif,"Doesn't work, the game crash after you've created your character! It needs some serious patching so I wouldn't recommend this game to anyone."
76561198106171839,Not Recommended,208580,13356683,"Posted: 13 December, 2014",all,Tswizzle92,This game does not work on windows 8
,Not Recommended,208580,17166599,"Posted: 21 July, 2015",all,- YeetMeister -,"I absolutely loved this game when I was younger.I literally just bought it off steam and was so excited to play. I downloaded the content mod and everything hoping it would work completely fine. Well I was wrong. It is super buggy.First, I open up the game and I couldn't operate the menu and looked on google to find a way to fix that and there really wasn't much to say.Second, when I finally do get into the game, there is a sound bug where there is this 1 little annoying sound that plays over and over. (Like have you ever played a game where everything just freezes and it has that annoying sound that won't stop unless you forcefully turn off your system? Well it's like that.)Third, well the same thing is happening when I first opened it. I cannot interact with the menu at all. I can't even play the game. I mean come on, you'd think you would have a better time playing on a PC than a system, but again, I guess I was waaaaay wrong."
76561198135288645,Not Recommended,208580,29284354,Posted: 15 January,all,jbgraphic2014,the damn game wont run
76561198045510728,Not Recommended,208580,13558487,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,silverfang240,Not able to play on my computer and i have looked online and it still wont let me play after i create my character. All fixes i have seen dont work
76561198105827530,Not Recommended,208580,13697458,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,italiajuve358,"PLEASE READ: STEAM VERSION DOES NOT WORKI love this game 100/100 one of my favorites and would more thanrecommend it, it is just really buggy and a hugepain in the you know what. The fact that they would make us pay for it and thengo through the trouble of modding it and installing junk is beyond me..ive been tweaking and looking up forums for thepast 2 weeks and all ive been able to play is 5 mins before it crashes..which is an improvement from not starting at all. I have a new comp which is capableof running games exceptionally well so that's not the issue. try it out but be ready to gosomewhere else to purchase the game. other than that steam has worked great for every other gamejust this one unfortunately is bugged"
76561197999658616,Not Recommended,208580,13915422,"Posted: 9 January, 2015",all,carnage.js,"30 minutes in and 4 crashes later I decided that this is not something that I could recommend. I didn't get into any real game play so very hard to explain anything other than buggy, real buggy."
76561198037299799,Not Recommended,208580,15279758,"Posted: 9 April, 2015",all,tdog12,"I do not recommend this game to anyone for me it was a complete waste of money, played the first one and absolutely loved it, easily one of my favourite rpgs of all time. I started up kotor 2 and had fun with but ran into not 1 but 2 game ruining glitches, one being I am not able to load any of my save files after about 6 hours of playing. I start a new game and get about another 10 hours in before I reach another glitch where I cannot proceed in the story on Nar Shaddaa. I refuse to restart this game a 3rd time, this makes me sad and angry because up until these points I was having fun playing this game, maybe a day will come when my anger has subsided, but it is not this day, this day i find a working game that is just as or more fun. Good day KOTOR and go F?ck yourself"
,Not Recommended,208580,15662864,"Posted: 2 May, 2015",all,VladThePaler,Unplayable
76561198083693686,Not Recommended,208580,28266845,"Posted: 9 December, 2016",all,Travesty13,This game licks my♥♥♥♥♥...badly. Kotor 1 = 10/10
76561198052212152,Not Recommended,208580,14504502,"Posted: 16 February, 2015",all,Usurper,Crashes at start - literally unplayable. And the game wasn't even that good to begin with.
76561198131026461,Not Recommended,208580,12373276,"Posted: 5 October, 2014",all,metaldem0n,I'm very disappointed. Absolutely loved this game on the Xbox. However it seems to have some serious compatibility issues on PC. Played for about an hour and saved. Tried to load my save and the game crashed. Tried to load a new game and the game crashed. Looked online for hours to fix it. Tried several diffrent things and nothing worked. I give up. Pretty bummed.Edit: I rolled back to my old video card drivers and it seems to be working. Still a few bugs but it's playable.
,Not Recommended,208580,11139237,"Posted: 8 July, 2014",all,7even,"I am only listing a 'not recommended' due to the fact that I can no longer load into my game. Any time I try, it DCs me. Was playing fine the first time I booted it up.Gameplay is great. Love it to no end. But the Steam version seems slightly... eh?"
76561198046709699,Not Recommended,208580,10477855,"Posted: 14 June, 2014",all,Little_Sea,"Great game BUT DO NOT BUY IF YOU HAVE WINDOWS 7, please don't it will NOT run. if you have Windows XP you will be fine but for windows 7 do not attempt it.Note To Steam- Please update the system requierments."
76561198032487209,Not Recommended,208580,17468704,"Posted: 9 August, 2015",all,tired007iowa,"Okay... I own a ton of steam games and I never review them.  That being said, I decided to break my motis operandi and write a quick review of this game.  I played it years ago before the mods and also before the most recent patch.  I suffered through all the game crashes and the terrible ending but still enjoyed the game but not at much as KOTOR 1.Well, I just tried to play through again and guess what?  I must be getting old because I pretty much threw in the towel due to all the crashes when flying to different planets, the audio skips and other various bugs I encountered. I must not have the fortitude I once had to put up with forced to publish games that I once had.. which says a lot given that I've been gaming since the DOS era and still wake up screaming at night due to nightmares of hardware driver conflicts from back then.Anyway, if you can fight through constantly reloading or pulling up task manager to kill the game when it locks, you may enjoy the game.  I, on the otherhand, have better things to do such as checking out new games I snagged on sale or... er... well other stuff.In the end, I can recommend this game because its still a bit of a buggy mess and life is better spent playing less buggy messes.  Just my opinion"
76561198032192029,Not Recommended,208580,12369330,"Posted: 4 October, 2014",all,C.Slap,"Absolute waste of money and time.  Bought and installed  Tried for 4 hours using every ""fix"" I could google and I can't even get past the title screen.  It is ridiculous Steam even carries this game..."
76561198050019099,Not Recommended,208580,11316298,"Posted: 19 July, 2014",all,loonis,"This review is about the vanilla version of the game (without mods). I was a huge fan of the first game and I also like other Obsidian games, but I was rather disappointed by this one. The first few hours of the game are pretty repetitive as you lose your ship two times and have to recover it. After that the game opens up - you can choose what to do next and your goal becomes clearer. Some of the planets you will get to see are quite interesting (Dxun, Dantooine, Korriban) others I found rather boring (Nar Shadaa, Onderon). The lowlight for me were the arena and the maze on Nar Shadaa where you hunt down Visquis. The  characters which will join you are interesting for the most part, especially HK-47 who you can reactivate by the end of the game. A wasted potential  are the two main antagonists Darth Sion and Darth Nihilus. Their design is really interesting, but you do not learn much about their motivations and also the battles against them are not really a highlight. All in all the game is not a complete waste of time, but it could have been so much more. The potential was there, but in the end the good ideas combine only to an ok game experience. A final word regarding bugs and glitches: I had no problems playing the game on my rig (Windows 7, Intel Core i7 870, Nvidia GTX460)."
76561198055393142,Not Recommended,208580,8228793,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,Daniel Ricciardo,The game is Not better then the 1st one so i would say get the 1st one-weak story line-Very boring chrecters-Quests are dullI would get the 1st one if you have not played any of them or try the old republic it is free to play so i would give this 4/10
,Not Recommended,208580,17779627,"Posted: 29 August, 2015",all,Zeream,"Honestly?  The game is really dated.However, this review is going to be chocked full of opinions, but I'm going to keep it simple too.Do you dislike RPGs that force you to either be good or evil?  Then this isn't the game for you.It has a lot of empty space and the side quests lack a lot of depth.  There is no exploration, this game is purely linear.  Plainly put, its boring and slow.  No skill required.  If I wanted this, I'd just play a TRPG.  Dated and bad.Might I mension the dialogue is atrocious for a AAA title.All in all, these games don't even hold a candle to the Mass Effect games, but if you like Star Wars and old, dated games that require absolutely no skill, have a LOT of time on your hands, etc, then you'll probably enjoy this.At the end of the day though, this game is dated and just has too many quirks that I can't live with.  However, if you resonate with my feelings here, I do not recommend you play this game."
76561198025590104,Not Recommended,208580,24340482,"Posted: 15 July, 2016",all,Guy Humual,"This is almost a good game.  When I first played this game, back when it first came out, it was plagued with bugs and it was very easy to say this game wasn't worth playing.  There are a lot of fan made fixes these days, even a lot of restored content and so my decision to not recommend this game is much harder.What makes me hesitate is the story, there are great characters in this, great back stories, but sadly there are aspects of the  story that fail badly and they are partly to blame for me not recommending this.  This is a long epic game, you'll get a lot of game time out of this, but the endings are . . . well, the pay off just insn't there IMO.  KotoR had a great pay off with an epic fight with a villain you'd grown to hate, KotoR 2 has multiple bosses, including one that nears Darth Malak, but they pay off just isn't there.  I didn't feel any satisfaction from defeating this foe.  If anything I felt annoyed at my lack of choices.Another terrible aspect of the game is that it forces you to play NPC characters.  The first hour of the game, which I'm including the tutorial, you'll be playing as a T3 droid more than your own character.  I made a character that's supposed to represent me.  That's who I should play.  That's who I want to play. Sadly, not only are you repeatedly forced to play NPCs, made to include them in your group for certain sections (something KotoR did, but I liked all of those NPCs so it never seemed a pain), and that leads to another flaw in the game: the narrative isn't being told from your character's perspective.  Because you're playing as NPCs, getting cut scenes with NPCs talking amongst themselves, you've given this disjointed narrative that makes the story far far less immersive.   I'll give an example:Fairly early in the story there's a light side quest that has you breaking into the mainframe of an evil cooperation, and there's an option to use a protocol droid to do it.  Naturally the game makes you play as the protocol droid.  However this mission intersects with a side mission where you're hunting bounties on two escaped criminals, and somehow this droid, who's only been in your group for this mission, who wasn't party to any of the bounty hunter mission, instantly recognises the two criminals and you're forced to choose between two dialogue options where you recognise the two and demand that they stop.  Both flee instantly.  Then you go on with the rest of your mission.  How does the droid know they were wanted criminals?  How do you learn they escaped to the planet surface?  None of these questions have an in game answer and so you're forced to think about it out of the game which is not good for the whole immersion thing.However, those problems have nothing on the biggest most terrible flaw in the game: the influence system.  Let me just say that if this system had worked it would have been amazing, the ability to make good characters bad, make evil characters good, it would be a player's dream, but ultimately the way it works is that your player is the one who has to change to gain influence with the NPCs.  You have to act how the NPC wants, choose dialogue that they like so that you can gain influence with them.  It's a backwards system.  It's more like they're influencing you to appease them.  You want to play a good character?  Well there are NPCs that you simply can't bring with you.  Want to be evil?  Well don't bring any good NPCs on missions with you or you're going to lose influence.One last point on NPCs: I really liked most, we had some return from the first game, the two droids, and one other who I won't spoil, but most of the new ones were pretty fun.  Bao-Dur, on the other hand, is one of the most horribly voiced NPCs I've ever had forced on me in any RPG game I've ever played.  You end up with this grating monotone NPC fairly early and even though I was a light side character I instantly wanted to force choke him to death.  Sadly we're forced to play this ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ a number of times throughout the game.  Another problem with the NPCs is that two of the NPCs join based on the gender of the PC you pick, if you're male you get the awesome Handmaiden of Atris, a kick♥♥♥♥♥character who has tons of fan art and pages of information on, if you're female you get some dude called ""the Disciple"" . . . a character so bland that even wookipedia could barely write three pages on.  Darth Vader's glove, a Mandalorian Crushgaunt has more information on it.  Speaking of wookipedia, the gender, name, and appearance of the PC was added (because wookipedia needs pages and pages of pointless information) and the exile, your character, is supposed to be female.  Which means the Handmaiden should accompany you, but the game has very ridged romance story lines written into the game and same sex romances were strictly forbidden.And one final note: there are a ton of powers added to the game.  The original KotOR had a lot of power selection, but this game has tons more!  The only problem though is that at the higher levels I found a power I liked, force push, and found that it was more than effective for nearly every encounter afterwards.  Having a lot of choice isn't that useful when you only need one answer.KotOR is my favorite Star Wars game ever.  This game is likely being unfairly compared to that classic, and admittedly if this were a standalone game I might even have given it a reluctant recommendation but the fact that it bares the KotOR name forces me to not recommend this game, the first one was so much better, and two is too much of a mess for me to recommend.  However, I will say that it's far from the worst Star Wars game I've ever played and if you're a rabid fan you really can't go wrong at the price the game is currently selling at.  Even bad games might be worth playing at that price, and, it's worth noting that there is a moding community and there have been changes and restored content add via fan made mods.  The choice added back into the game from these mods would allow me to recommend the game if they were part of the initial release so with that in mind, and if you don't have any fears of modifying your game, it's worth picking up if you like RPGs or Star Wars.  I can't justify giving a thumbs up to a game that I needed to modify to enjoy however, so while I can't recommend the game as is, there is a relatively decent game once modified to something playable."
76561198267089730,Not Recommended,208580,31533556,Posted: 3 May,all,mrmiiyams,I really love this game. I REALLY DO.....But when you spend as much time as I did only to have the whole thing crash from some archaic unfixed bug and now you can't even create a new game after trying every trick in the book to fix a new game killing bug and you find out there's no way to fix it and the game has now become an unplayable mocking space on your steam games listing....Yea ♥♥♥♥ that♥♥♥♥♥♥hard. Just buy the ♥♥♥♥ing Xbox version and save yourself a severe migraine of annoying ♥♥♥♥ing garbage.
76561198044019654,Not Recommended,208580,11009642,"Posted: 1 July, 2014",all,Top Secret Name,"While KOTOR II is a good game at heart, its horrendously buggy first 2 acts are just unforgivable for me.At some point in act 2 I was too proactive with exploration and ended up bugging my save file so that I couldn't progress any further. I'm a big Star Wars fan and it hurt me to see that this game was so bugged out (don't even get me started on the broken textures).However you can still have fun in the game, just keep hoping that your saves don't get bugged and with a little luck you'll be able to enjoy the game for what it is."
,Not Recommended,208580,7780426,"Posted: 26 November, 2013",all,Mulconaire,"Much maligned for its many infamous bugs, Star Wars: KOTOR II is a greek tragedy of a video game. I've logged many hours on both this game and its vastly superior predecessor. The key difference between the two games is the weightlessness of the characters inhabiting this installment. What's truly regretfull is that, beneath all of its flaws, there's still a story worthy of telling here. If you've got the patience to navigate the many snags you'll hit along the way, seeing this game through does bear fruit. It's rare that I find myself unable to recommend a game with this much to offer, but large portions of this product border on unplayable. You'll be frustrated. 4.5/10"
76561198115929908,Not Recommended,208580,8468767,"Posted: 31 December, 2013",all,Souleater,"After finally being able to play and finish this fgame after beating the first one so many years ago, I must say I was a little disappointed. The first game is far superior with more content and options. I did enjoy playing but I must recommend the first to anyone that wants to pick up the series."
,Recommended,208580,6109639,"Posted: 17 July, 2013",all,Cypher,A shame that this game has received so much attention with a 3rd party Patch and the restoration project which I discovered well after I played the hell out of it. I will always like Kotor 1 more but this game on its own legs is a very deep star wars experience you won't find anywhere else.
76561198051720621,Not Recommended,208580,8238932,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,Cheeky basterd,"Well, I enjoyed the game very much until... a wild glitch appeared. Now I can't do anything to finish the story. I'm supposed to download a mod that allows me to open a door to the final enclave. Thanks, but no thanks. No more details given in case I provide spoilers of the storyline.I had the mod to prevent glitches downloaded and installed. So well, no minor glitches only a massive one.Therefore I don't recommend a game like this."
,Not Recommended,208580,10002451,"Posted: 2 May, 2014",all,Hotty Shotty,"Good game... but lots of compatibility issues.  Had a hard time getting it to run, even after downloading all the mods and fixes.  It stilled crashed a lot after I got it going.  Don't buy this game if you have Windows 7/8.  Good game, but don't buy it on Steam.  If you don't heed the warnings, then I feel sorry for you."
,Not Recommended,208580,9034247,"Posted: 9 February, 2014",all,Tootmander,"This game. So bad.I woke up this morning, after having played last night and I just -can't-The damn game hit terminal 'why am I doing this' relativity.The storyline is better than KotoR 1, the game is actually -playable-. There's a lot of loose ends and cut content, but at least the damn game is somewhat stable.But both this game and its predecessor inspire massive amounts of 'meh' and 'why do I even care?'They're so bad, and not even in the same way the power glove was. The entire setting just seems to lack any type of imagination, and I was pulling, hard, trying to force myself to keep playing because 'DARNIT, OLD REPUBLIC IS BETTER'But its just Star Wars, its just republic vs empire with a new asthetic. And ♥♥♥♥♥ier controls.Dear Disney: Anally ravage Star Wars as much as you desire, it will only make you a necrophiliac."
76561198114918389,Not Recommended,208580,17430028,"Posted: 7 August, 2015",all,andrew_blair,my movement buttons wont work
76561198043929814,Not Recommended,208580,17182827,"Posted: 22 July, 2015",all,Officer McChicken,"For Those of you thinking of buying this game because of the new update. DONT! The new update has made the game completely unplayable and until they patch it to make it work again it is just a waste of money! Make sure they patch it first before you buy it, Cause if we end up having to wait another 10 years (unlikely) for them to patch it, even the 7-10 dollars (depending on your currency) isnt worth it. Before the patch the game was good and only required some minor tweaking for newer systems. Now it is unplayable. Please patch the Game Dev's!Edit: So recently they released another official patch that fixed some of the original issues. Sadly they seem to have only been partially successful with some of the more game breaking ones. roughly half the time I start the game, after the initial developer credit cuts, the game will alt tab itself to the task bar and refuse to reload. forcing you to terminate the program through task manager. I dread Cut scenes of any type since probably 2/3 of the time after a cut scene my mouse no longer works in the game and I once again have to terminate the program through Task Manager. You have to save very often in this game not because of difficulty, but because of how broken it still is."
76561198126308459,Not Recommended,208580,9196388,"Posted: 20 February, 2014",all,cjkridler95,i dont rcoment this game because it lages and controls are taken away at points and you cant do absolute♥♥♥♥♥♥
,Not Recommended,208580,17180980,"Posted: 22 July, 2015",all,SFFB||csgoatse.com,"Disappointment - 2 logos at the start and after that, crash.I tried restarting my computer, re-installing the game and many other things.I have nothing from the workshop. And the first time i launched it, it worked just fine.(Before crashing in the character creation, of course XD)I have all the system requirements, and stuff but nothing gives!WHATS WRONG?!pls helpI feel like somebody stole 7 € from me."
76561198032246203,Not Recommended,208580,17181196,"Posted: 22 July, 2015",all,dylanesque27,"Looks great, but buggy as all hell. THe camera keeps spinning, and there's no way to stop it. One star until this is fixed and the game is actually playable."
,Not Recommended,208580,8835153,"Posted: 24 January, 2014",all,Lisa Frank Trapper Keeper,"This is an honest review not tainted by nostalgia.This is an example of one of those games that are fun IF you can get them to run (Vampires the Masquerade: Bloodlines and Far Cry fall into this category). In order to even get the game to run on Vista/7/8, you have to install the Restored Content Mod. After that it's a trial and error for hours to get the game to work. I still can't play this in any resolution beyond 800x600 without the game crashing and me ending up having to restore the .ini file.If you don't patch it, it's a giant buggy mess that was rushed. Even the ending hardly makes sense AFTER the content mod.As far as combat goes, don't expect and action/adventure game. This runs off the same Star War d20 system that KOTOR used. It's boring pseudo turn-based where half of your hits won't connect and you'll reload out of frustration time and time again. It's false difficulty by a company who couldn't program combat correctly.The characters are copy paste from KOTOR 1, there's little to no difference in the story, and most of the dialog is infantile ""WHITE KNIGHT SAVES UNIVERSE"" or ""OMG I'M DARK SIDE EVIL MANIACAL LAUGHTER"".I still find it enjoyable, but your mileage will vary greatly. That's why I'm not recommending it."
76561198153185098,Not Recommended,208580,19103751,"Posted: 15 November, 2015",all,kobikoon4,i cant play it im using windows 7 sp 1 changed all settings to play windowed mode reduced display compatibility for win 7 run as admin disabled startup movies disabled vsync tried everything including mods and it crashes at startup i wasted my money i want a refund this sucks!!!!!!!!!!!
,Not Recommended,208580,29313811,Posted: 17 January,all,[mad.] CATmanG,"STAR WARS REVENGE OF THE CRASHES. BUYER BEWARE, DO NOT BUYDont bother, even with mods that are suppose to help this crash heavy game you will end up wasting hours as for random reasons your game will crash, permanently, in game critical/unavoidable areas. Basically making  progress impossible."
,Not Recommended,208580,22853057,"Posted: 7 May, 2016",all,HamisBakon,"Boring. It's also hard to control. But there is also a good story, but its not my style of a game."
,Not Recommended,208580,30369154,Posted: 7 March,all,Obscure,"In a way, I think I have to be thankful for the game-breaking bug that made it impossible for me to continue, since it saved me from the ongoing nightmare of tedious, shin-kicking, d20 System combat and melodramatic space opera ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t. If KOTORII possesses any redeeming qualities, they're very well-concealed, and probably not worth the trouble of finding."
76561198238304954,Not Recommended,208580,21084634,"Posted: 9 February, 2016",all,XTDA civilgamers.com,Bad Game at all Low graphic shadows+their Star war only man just controll-him and open doorReally bored game don't buy itbad game i don't like it
,Not Recommended,208580,15701662,"Posted: 5 May, 2015",all,Firebert [Bajie],Is not a good version for a modern OS. Could not get it to function no matter how many FAQs and modifications I made. If you're still lucky enough to have XP or maybe Vista it'll work for you.
76561198059628748,Not Recommended,208580,32994001,Posted: 29 June,all,Lapdog AF,You can't move after every battle. You have to save and load the game every time! I've tried everything and nothing worked.
76561198048096716,Not Recommended,208580,30796748,Posted: 28 March,all,Maestro,"A lackluster sequal.  The plot takes forever to get going and the pacing is very slow.  It is nice to see that there are different ways to play through the game, but in general you have the same fight over and over and over as you play.  it got boring fast."
76561198153740666,Not Recommended,208580,17339161,"Posted: 1 August, 2015",all,rkii,utter rubbish
76561197992973254,Not Recommended,208580,21979818,"Posted: 22 March, 2016",all,Dacelo,1 hour was long enough
76561198006753902,Not Recommended,208580,25080345,"Posted: 22 August, 2016",all,JHarper,♥♥♥♥
76561198031303853,Not Recommended,208580,8944881,"Posted: 1 February, 2014",all,roses,Game is glitched at the polar site on Telos.  I am unable to get any support back from the developers.  Not even sure if the contact email works.  Got no response.  Played this when it first came out and am very disappointed that it is for sale on Steam and not working on Windows 7 machine.
,Not Recommended,208580,20484287,"Posted: 12 January, 2016",all,5 Bears On Patrol,AI team members run and die when I've told them to sit still.
,Not Recommended,208580,12945115,"Posted: 14 November, 2014",all,Depression,i found a game breaking bug at the argue with atris were after atton and the rest of your crew are broken and rendered unbeatable so to me waste of my $10. :(
76561198006817925,Not Recommended,208580,8557702,"Posted: 4 January, 2014",all,BudaKhan,Exceedingly tedious in many facets of the game.
76561198162900031,Not Recommended,208580,13583274,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,cosmocrat420,I just purchased this game and everytime i attempt to play it the game crashes i get my charecter built and right after i click play it loads then quits saying theres an error..... very unsatified......
,Not Recommended,208580,8181221,"Posted: 21 December, 2013",all,poop group hooligans,"I encountered a gamebreaking bug on the tutorial planet and couldn't progress. So for all of you who say ""oh hes just exaggerating when he complains about KOTOR2"" No I'm really not."
76561198116715357,Not Recommended,208580,9875650,"Posted: 19 April, 2014",all,EverGreened,Cant even get it to work.....
,Not Recommended,208580,9243881,"Posted: 24 February, 2014",all,Alix (gradythehermit),It Built alot on the Kotor franchies but the maps felt recycled and many of them were. I would say that it would have been fantastic had obsidian finished the game. you find yourself asking questions and still being mad when you have no answer at the end of the game. there are dialog trees that hint at a deeper storyline than there is and its very disapointing.
76561198135278885,Not Recommended,208580,10011168,"Posted: 3 May, 2014",all,defus8,Do not download the Steam Version.
,Not Recommended,208580,218148,"Posted: 9 March, 2013",all,MrJenssen,"I would love to recommend it, but the game is broken, even with the Restoration Project mod installed. I don't know what it is the game doesn't work with, but there's plenty of people who struggle with crashes and freezes, during zoning, conversations or just regular gameplay. And though many have found solutions, these solutions don't work for everyone. The game is unplayable for me, as it crashes every two minutes (not exaggerated). So buy this otherwise amazing game at your own risk. Or get an older PC that will run the game without compatibility issues."
,Not Recommended,208580,8220986,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,Arklay North,"Broken as hell.  Made me take my old Xbox out of storage so I could enjoy the game without stuttering frames, freezing, crashing and the use of a controller."
76561198208429897,Not Recommended,208580,17195081,"Posted: 23 July, 2015",all,brownjedi,1: I have the voice-over volume at its maximum and i still can't hear the characters speaking2: It's a little complicated for me to figure out
76561198085888733,Not Recommended,208580,10005042,"Posted: 3 May, 2014",all,LYLEISHUGE,i cant get it to load
76561198041236939,Not Recommended,208580,9739461,"Posted: 5 April, 2014",all,Colonel Coon,sooo many glitches cant even finish the game keeps corrupting my saves
,Not Recommended,208580,10006669,"Posted: 3 May, 2014",all,Best Linear Unbiased Estimator,"Waste of time, it doesnt support wide screen resolutons and requires half a dozen fixes to work on widws 7/8 propperly."
76561198067580970,Not Recommended,208580,9578453,"Posted: 20 March, 2014",all,dpartice,Don't work
76561198071689614,Not Recommended,208580,10166734,"Posted: 18 May, 2014",all,Mystic Exarch,"This game is bizzare and very awful. It has a painfully slow buildup with absolutely no reward. It leaves tons of qustions and massive plot holes unaswered. Yet, it has an air about it like the developers were trying REALLY hard, perhaps TOO hard, to make an intellectual story. However, they failed. Really, the story is incoherent garbage. The characters speak in vague riddles, conflicting terminolgies, and subtle nuances. For example, one character is a ""wound in the force"" while the other is ""absent of the force."" Pretty confusing, huh?The biggest problem is the lack of climax. There is no epic conclusion, no final confrontation, no sense of urgency. Instead of a powerful, main villian that the game keeps on building up, we get some anti-climatic, easy fights. I suppose it builds up pretty well in the begining, but during the middle and end the story and villians plateau and just sort of fizzle out, losing all sense of importance and urgency. The developers tried to go with a more subtle, mysterious type of narrative but it just doesn't work for an RPG.It even fails on gameplay. This game is the easiest game I have ever played. It was a cake-walk on the hardest difficulty. The supposedly god-like bosses can be killed with a few lightsaber hits. Seriously, by the end of the game your character will be completely unstopable. I've even tried to make it harder for myself by using poor equiptment and tactics, and even then it is still a joke. This lack of challenge left me so bored that I wanted to stop playing. For example, there is a boss, Darth Nihlus, who we are told is a super-badass who can drain entire planets of all life just with his presence. Yet, you can walk to up to him and kill him in 10 seconds.At least it runs smoothly, right? No. Everything glitches, requiring you to fiddle with settings, reload, or close and exit the game repeatedly. Characters sometimes run off and do random things that you didn't tell them to do (even if you're controling them.) And apparently the company that made the game, Obsidian, was forced to rush the game out before it was completed (an excuse that has become cliche for Obsidian.) That means that you need fan-created mods to get the full content.So basically, KOTOR 2 fails in every aspect a game can fail: gameplay, story, non-glitchyness, and satisfying ending. If you loved KOTOR 1, just replay it because you'll hate KOTOR 2. This game won't live up to the orginal. Not even by a longshot. In fact, it's easily one of the 5 worst games I've ever played."
76561197961542248,Recommended,208580,25288080,"Posted: 1 September, 2016",all,DarkKnight,Tag: worst ending of all time
76561198064689660,Not Recommended,208580,21243281,"Posted: 15 February, 2016",all,I am the Senate,the starting place is extremely long and boring but i already spent 2 hours on this so i can't refund fml
76561198072876440,Not Recommended,208580,9868554,"Posted: 19 April, 2014",all,NaughtyOpossum,"Best RPG ever? Not even f**king close! Best Star wars game ever? Equally far off! Broken Game? Most CertainlyAbout two weeks ago I decided to purchase both KOTOR 1 and 2 as everyone who had heard or played either game had told me they were absolutely excellent. So I bought them, played through the first game with great difficulty as there were multiple game breaking bugs/glitches, not to mention playing it on Windows 7 is nearly impossible.To add to that, the story of it was complete garbage. I thought ""You know what? Maybe they fixed it with the sequal"". AND GUESS WHAT! It's even worse than the first game! I dont even know how thats possible! You start the game off, and instantly recognize the situation your character is in...because its just slightly different than the first game. Mysterious companion to start who happens to be force sensitive, you somehow are force sensitive too and dont know it, your objective is to stop a sith lord from taking over the galaxy by going to planets 1, 2 and 3 to collect item/person A, B and C. Both games follow the exact same god damn formula and it just doesnt work. This game is just a disgrace to all RPG fans and Star Wars fans.You'd expect from studios like Bioware and Obsidian would have been better at producing games back in the day, as their RPG's now are critically acclaimed. But I guess all things start with harsh beginnings. You would also think if you pumped out a massive pile of dog♥♥♥♥♥♥and slipped in it youd learn how to not do it again. However, this is not so, they've slipped and fallen in the dog♥♥♥♥♥♥once again.Recommend this game? Absolutely ♥♥♥♥ing not, never, everSeriously if you want a good RPG go play Bioware's Mass Effect and be amazed"
,Not Recommended,208580,10468739,"Posted: 14 June, 2014",all,damagedOne,"If u'd like to refresh your memories about one of the greatest RPGs u'd rather not play this KoTOR II version. For casual playthrough u will have to hack your save games to switch different bugged triggers, install mods for adequate companions influence and so on."
,Recommended,208580,12816091,"Posted: 6 November, 2014",all,Mintpuppet55349,it's a goo game that hinges on youtube parts and then fetch quest then youtube
76561198115686773,Not Recommended,208580,13228753,"Posted: 4 December, 2014",all,CDUFFY72,♥♥♥♥ing thing doesn't work on windows 7 home premium
76561197999844836,Not Recommended,208580,11668595,"Posted: 11 August, 2014",all,Thordoor,old and boring
76561198048268849,Not Recommended,208580,26005509,"Posted: 12 October, 2016",all,makersley,"Oh dear, oh dear, oh dear.  Far too long and slow and bloated compared to the original KOTOR.  Where that game neatly captured the spirit of Star Wars and presented rollicking fun action and a fight between good and evil, this one suddenly takes a left turn into being Serious and Weighty and Shades of Grey.  Except that's not what Star Wars is good at.  Just go play the first game again, trust me.  The only thing better here is the implementation of Pazaak."
76561198018359132,Not Recommended,208580,8548939,"Posted: 4 January, 2014",all,odlunar,Can't make it run.
,Not Recommended,208580,9690786,"Posted: 31 March, 2014",all,Pickle Rick,"Can't get it to work for Windows 8. If you have Windows 8, DO NOT BUY THIS GAME!"
,Not Recommended,208580,7841142,"Posted: 30 November, 2013",all,aule,"It is a realy good game, if you can make it to work. The game is at an age, where it is not competible with most computers. there are some fix out there, but i cant make them to work. So unless you want to spend tons of times to get it to work, then avoid it."
76561198153241422,Not Recommended,208580,12633712,"Posted: 25 October, 2014",all,Barbaxus The Iron Handed,after playing knights of the old republic on my ipod about half a year ago i finally decided to buy kotor 2 to continue the epic story. HOWEVER. 4 hours into the game when i loaded a save it would stop at 30% and i would have to restart my computer. but my auto saves seem fine but would knock me back to a auto save that i made an hour ago.i am very interesed in the game but i cannot keep playing like this.
76561198313392768,Not Recommended,208580,28787506,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,vayror,This game has never loaded on my computer so i have not had 1 go dont waste your money on this game
,Not Recommended,208580,15733150,"Posted: 7 May, 2015",all,Klutch,"So I played through the first one about a week ago, then bought it on the May 4th sale.. Wasted 3 dollars.I'd like to make a comparison to how buggy this game is.. It is worse than Dragonborn for Skyrim. Let me elaborate.The story, first of all, is pathetic compared to the first one. The first game is probably my favorite star wars game of ALL TIME, because of its great playing style and story. This one plays exactly the same, and I like that actually. Usually in game sequels you can get frustrated with how they compare to the first game (if the first game was good enough), because they don't play the same. However, with how well the first game plays, it is nice to see it get expanded on in this one. So, it has that going for it. But getting back to the story... It is interesting at first, but as you go on, it loses you. The planets are bland as all hell for starters. Dantooine in the first one was pretty boring, but in this one, it was probably my favorite planet. You get to do some cool stuff on it, I had fun. Right about as I was leaving I started losing interest. The story just gets so bland. Korriban is just crap, I'll leave it at that. Dxun is actually fun, so there's some enjoyment there. Onderon drags on for the pretty short amount of time you're there, and Nar Shaddaa... Where shall I begin? This is usually an interesting planet in other Star Wars games (Force Unleashed, SWTOR, etc.), but it's a cluster♥♥♥♥ in this game. Talk about Onderon dragging on? Holy crap, I needed this planet to END, but it just kept going, and going, and GOING. It constantly has you switching to different companions after a certain point, which is awful, because you get used to playing as your created character, who, if you leveled them like me and such, kicks complete♥♥♥♥♥ But the companions are awful.Since I was talking about Nar Shaddaa, let's continue on about the bugs I was talking about in the intro of this. You are supposed to escape it after a certain point, but my game glitched out. It went to the cutscene of the ship taking off and leaving, only to put me back on the planet and be stuck there after it ended. I could literally do nothing to fix it. I tried, and nothing happened. So I didn't even get to finish the game because of this game-breaking glitch. I even had the Restoration Mod installed, which is supposed to fix a lot of the bugs and glitches, but it failed at a huge one.PROS:Your created character kicks♥♥♥♥♥more than in the first gameSame great gameplay type as the first oneJedi Robes/Armor Gets an upgrade from the first oneUpgrading items/craftingCONS:Most companions are awful. (Handmaiden, T3, and Bao are exceptions)Companions are ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥sBland PlanetsBland StoryBugs and Glitches out the wazooEverything drags onIn the end, I'd say the game had potential, but since its development was rushed, I'm gonna go ahead and call Star Wars KOTOR 2: The Sith Lords...A Dogshit gaming experience."
,Recommended,208580,271870,"Posted: 17 January, 2013",all,MS-DOS 6.22,An oldie but goodie.
76561198048634269,Not Recommended,208580,18988251,"Posted: 10 November, 2015",all,chops1996,poor game play and dont like the combat setup for this one
76561198067118701,Not Recommended,208580,7833027,"Posted: 29 November, 2013",all,rifleshoot,"The game itself is decent, but don't get it on steam.  There are way too many glitches and crashes that happen with the steam copy.  If you really want this, go elsewhere to get it."
76561198301516333,Not Recommended,208580,31703754,Posted: 12 May,all,jonkaik3,do not enjoy this game it is blocky and♥♥♥♥♥
76561197961314097,Not Recommended,208580,31654435,Posted: 9 May,all,jogurt,German: Das Spiel wurde total vermurkstenglish: this game is programed like crap
76561197975203513,Not Recommended,208580,32638197,Posted: 22 June,all,Qantourisc,For me it's to boring that might be on me though and not on the game.
,Not Recommended,208580,23187617,"Posted: 24 May, 2016",all,Stingygamer,"I wish I could give this game a good review, but I can't. With terrible graphics, clunky controls, and numerous glitches, it's a sad reminder of the problems of the olden days."
,Not Recommended,208580,17202227,"Posted: 24 July, 2015",all,[L]e[T][T]o,"The HYPE is only Nostalgia, dont get fooled.Firstly the game didn't work on 3 screens, had to change it to 1080p. Then I get it running and its a click and play game. Dont bother buying this because everyone is telling you to, its an awful game with an interesting story. Buy only if your a hardcore starwars fan who is desperate for more storyline.What a waste of money"
,Not Recommended,208580,31549187,Posted: 4 May,all,Sir Slayto,"Game is broken. I got 30 minutes in, playing just fine and it suddenly acted like my computer couldn't handle it on minimum settings once I hit a certain hallway."
76561198369311511,Not Recommended,208580,31552341,Posted: 4 May,all,dylanhm12345678,the game constantly and i mean cnstantly corrupts my save and freees non stop
,Not Recommended,208580,9289866,"Posted: 28 February, 2014",all,weedlord bonerhitler,this game literally broke 3/4ths of the way in and the main quest would not advance no matter what. i even tried a save game editor and it steadfastly refused to work.quality game.
76561198075091223,Not Recommended,208580,9952351,"Posted: 27 April, 2014",all,joo,yritän avaa sitä mut se ei aukee
76561198371086580,Not Recommended,208580,31620288,Posted: 8 May,all,pons.s.hunter,Kinda boring tbh. Repetitive. Uninteresting plot and characters with tons of unnecessary and unintelligent dialogue. Fun sometimes when combat is challenging.
76561198089825420,Not Recommended,208580,9414894,"Posted: 10 March, 2014",all,tedbunny,boo
,Not Recommended,208580,31998552,Posted: 27 May,all,Ranga,trash game doesnt run worth a♥♥♥♥♥♥ no m&k support or controller.
76561198397850187,Not Recommended,208580,34156283,Posted: 10 August,all,ericwareham,"I have no clue how this game has one person who actoully enjoys it. the first mission is probably the longest mission ive played in a star wars game and in order to play it i had to mod the entire game so that it could play.overall, i do NOT reccomend this game"
,Not Recommended,208580,35077224,Posted: 19 September,all,mannatide,this game is brocken do not download or waste money on it
76561198269499050,Not Recommended,208580,33356482,Posted: 7 July,all,brent,"This is a poorly done game , akward controls, cheesy graphics, and clunky interface. If , like me you were expecting better you would be sorely mistaken.  I have no idea if the story line is good at all, I spent most of the time trying to get it to function smoothly.  IMHO this is just a way to make a quick buck off the starwars name, wait a week of two and try it when the price tumbles to 99cents.   Wish I could get my money back on this one"
76561198127595590,Not Recommended,208580,34203456,Posted: 12 August,all,T H O T   P A T R O L,What a downgrade from the first one
,Recommended,208580,4631347,"Posted: 6 June, 2013",all,Dire Miralis,"PLEASE SEND HELP THIS IS NOT A JOKEI AM TRAPPED IN A POCKET UNIVERSE CONTAINED INSIDE OF A RUBIK'S CUBE SITTING ON A TOYS 'R' US SHELF IN CHICAGO. DO NOT ATTEMPT TO SOLVE THE PUZZLE OR YOU WILL GET SENT HERE AS WELL. PLEASE CALL THE FBI AND ASK FOR THE X-FILES DIVISION, THEY WILL KNOW WHAT TO DOalso don't send that♥♥♥♥♥♥played by Annabeth Gish in the last 2 seasons, I hated her"
76561198083969717,Not Recommended,208580,7852681,"Posted: 30 November, 2013",all,Pepsi Man,will not work on windos 8
76561198045756109,Not Recommended,208580,25684785,"Posted: 24 September, 2016",all,Severely Autistic Ari,"Broken piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥ Barely playable, if your save file chooses to load correctly, you're met with broken combat and ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ AI. Minefield ahead? Ok guys *clicks the ""stationary"" command for party* stay here while I- oh, just run through the minefield like a retard. Great."
,Not Recommended,208580,30843294,Posted: 30 March,all,Idea,I didnt Realize this was a RPG Click and point game
76561198063968845,Not Recommended,208580,30887634,Posted: 1 April,all,Masquerade,Mindnumbingly boring
,Not Recommended,208580,490369,"Posted: 13 June, 2013",all,Crymson (Nerouin),"The sequel to the classic Knights of the Old Republic, this crude, notoriously rushed title fails to measure up to its predecessor. The development of this game was passed on from Bioware to Obsidian, king of inferior sequels, and it shows in the finished product. Obsidian added virtually nothing in terms of gameplay, instead opting to focus purely on a new story. The result is a trite experience that necessitates suffering through the same rather dull combat system found in the original. While the excellent plot of that game justified dealing with its combat mechanics, you might find it shockingly tedious to play through another game under exactly the same circumstances. More, the quality of KOTOR II's plot pales in comparison to that of the original.Buy this game if you're starved for Star Wars RPG gameplay; but don't expect it to live up to the standard set by its predecessor."
76561198105162957,Not Recommended,208580,28642819,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,Dumbass,Would be a great game if it was updated ever and if all the bugs were fixed. Also there is a really obsctructing bug that when you get to a cutscene it might get stuck on the cutscene and you can't go any further from there.
,Not Recommended,208580,27736370,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Zoiiidberg,"Man, you cant jump. If you press space it pauses the game. u have to chose your attacks and worst of all, everything is sooooooo slow. Like the fighting parts i dont even know if my character are about to throw a punch or totally gave up."
76561198016655402,Not Recommended,208580,8626892,"Posted: 8 January, 2014",all,Redkaa,"Buying this game and expecting it to be like the first one was a huge mistake. I opened it up for the first time to be bored within the first 30 minutes. A few months later I then fought past it and played it for longer than I'd thought. To me, it feels like  the developers didn't care, the storyline was annoying as it felt like there was too much crap going on, the graphics and items were exactly the same and I just got to the point where I didn't want to play it anymore due to the fact that it had the same structure as the first Knights of the Old Republic. Your character is stuck on a planet, once done you go to other planets to get an item to help you in your quest, then you'll find out a twist to the storyline once that's completed. A lot of people tell me how great of a game it was but I just can't agree. I do however, love choosing to be good or evil, which in most cases I choose evil to see how the scenario plays out. It's an alright game, but I was just disappointed and was expecting more. 4/10"
,Not Recommended,208580,12821748,"Posted: 6 November, 2014",all,ItchyVag,"Well, It doesnt work on windows 8 and there is no way to fix it so your welcome steam for the $10 donation..."
76561197994007641,Not Recommended,208580,22690086,"Posted: 28 April, 2016",all,Bucky O Hare,"If you like Kotor, there's an outside chance you'll like Kotor 2 even though it does literally everything wrong (what do you expect from Obsidian).The story is pretty awful, ill-explained, and boring. ALL the jedi? ALL the jedi died in the civil war? Come on. That's not what winning a war means. England got bombed into a Fallout setting during WWII and not EVERY SINGLE BRITISH PERSON died. But enough of its incredibly stupid premise, it also has a host of uninteresting characters with little to no development (including Darth Nihilus, whom you see exactly once before fighting) as well as issues out the♥♥♥♥♥Nar Shadaa is pretty fun since the bounty hunters stayed permanently frozen in the city even after I had killed or recruited them. It was also funny to have them tell me a mask doesn't stop the bar's poison gas and then I wore a mask and stopped the poison gas. I need this force power to combat the deadly poison? No, nevermind, I guess I don't.Want to play an annoying, pointless, poorly written female bounty hunter in a host of boring fights instead of your character? Want to do it again at the end of the game for no reason?There's also the incredibly poorly designed dungeons, which have virtually no mechanics and are just an endless sea of bad guys in room after room. I know this was an early game, but Game Design was a thing - you still have to make an EFFORT at designing fun dungeons, Obsidian.I won't ruin the surprise, nonsense ending, but it wasn't worth the pain of the play-through either.The up side is they literally just took the first game and modded it, so it should feel comfortable at least. I mean, they reused all the same character models. I saw MY character from the first game as several generic NPCs (and here I thought I'd saved the galaxy...)I liked the first one enough to beat the second one, but that's like saying ""the pizza was free so I had some"". I'm not saying it was good pizza, it just happened to be there and I'm a glutton."
,Not Recommended,208580,12495570,"Posted: 14 October, 2014",all,PowerfulGoblin22,this game is good and all but iot keeps crahing for no reason
,Not Recommended,208580,7918543,"Posted: 4 December, 2013",all,Foe,"Knights of the Old Republic has not aged well at all.  The environments are left empty and feel ""small.""  The menus are unintuitive and really show their age.  PC port-over seems fairly lazy and the game would be better played on a controller.  The dialogue detracts from any progress made from a good story so you're left annoyingly trotting around an unfamiliar world with little to detract from how old the game is.  Even for a die-hard Star Wars fan, it was hard to trudge through.The second installment did next to nothing to change the game.  A different story seems to be all it can boast."
76561197990785685,Not Recommended,208580,26123149,"Posted: 19 October, 2016",all,MattSch21,"I honestly hate this game. I payed 4 bucks for this game and played it to the end and it was a complete waste of my time. The restored content mod does not help, there is a very good reason that contnent was taken out- IT WASN'T FINISHED. The restored content gameplay wise is complete garbage. Along with the ending and conclusions and bugs and rushed character interactions. This game straight up sucks. This is probably my least favorite game that I've played to completion. Some gameplay sections were so poorly thought out and to the point of almost being broken that they had to make the whole game ridicoulsly easy. The first level is BY FAR the most challenging.The end game bosses are defeated in a few turns. Stupid bugs exsist to this day. Let us all rejoice that lucasart no longer exsists. Would this game have been good if they finished the story? Probably but as the game is, it is the most unsatisfying game I've ever played."
76561198172250689,Not Recommended,208580,24802873,"Posted: 9 August, 2016",all,white guy,this game dose NOT work i cant even get past the caraecter creation it crashes every time. do not watse your money like i did. read the other reviews. if you have windows 7 or higher do NOT buy. it dose not run on higher end pcs.
,Not Recommended,208580,20719055,"Posted: 23 January, 2016",all,a_big_favor,"The user interface is poor, your party ai is terrible, the unskippable cutscene of people walking slowly is annoying.  The fact that this is the same as the previous game with no improvements is not good."
,Recommended,208580,31598022,Posted: 7 May,all,Top Nep,"く__,.ヘヽ.　　　　/　,ー､ 〉＼ ', !-─‐-i　/　/´／｀ｰ'　　　 L/／｀ヽ､/　 ／,　 /|　 ,　 ,　　　 ',ｲ 　/ /-‐/　ｉ　L_ ﾊ ヽ!　 iﾚ ﾍ 7ｲ｀ﾄ　 ﾚ'ｧ-ﾄ､!ハ|　 |!,/7 '0'　　 ´0iソ| 　 ||.从""　　_　　 ,,,, / |./ 　 |ﾚ'| i＞.､,,__　_,.イ / 　.i 　|ﾚ'| | / k_７_/ﾚ'ヽ,　ﾊ.　|| |/i 〈|/　 i　,.ﾍ |　i　|.|/ /　ｉ： 　 ﾍ!　　＼　|kヽ>､ﾊ 　 _,.ﾍ､ 　 /､!!'〈//｀Ｔ´', ＼ ｀'7'ｰr'ﾚ'ヽL__|___i,___,ンﾚ|ノﾄ-,/　|___./'ｰ'　　!_,.:"
76561198050209870,Not Recommended,208580,25729894,"Posted: 27 September, 2016",all,MrBadger97,"Being forced to change many of the games graphical options and other work-arounds just to have a *little* bit of stability is absolutely ridiculous and inexcusableIf you want this for the nostalgia hook your old Xbox up and play that instead, not this."
76561198023719490,Not Recommended,208580,9664779,"Posted: 29 March, 2014",all,ir0ns0ul,Complete waste of money. One of the most terrible games Iv'e ever played. The options and interactions are minimal at best.
76561198087155530,Not Recommended,208580,29133187,Posted: 8 January,all,#Ricegumisabitch,Wonky♥♥♥♥♥game not worth the money
,Not Recommended,208580,29781743,Posted: 8 February,all,TheRealTNT,Too dated.
,Not Recommended,208580,31553553,Posted: 4 May,all,Nyctomnia,The game bugs out after just a few minutes of gameplay. It will not allow you to move. 0/10
,Not Recommended,208580,32749755,Posted: 24 June,all,Matt Musky,"An hour into this game I was too bored to continue.  I don't doubt that this game has a great story and the graphics are fine, but the actual gameplay, mainly the combat system is just way too boring for me.  That said I did get this for like $2, so getting an hour out of this wasn't that bad."
76561198055776187,Not Recommended,208580,26344462,"Posted: 31 October, 2016",all,Suicide_King12,"DON'T BUY THIS GAME!!!! If you think I'm being unreasonable, Go read the forums about how many glitches, crashes, unrecongized controller/mouse issues it has. Unless you want to spend hours researching ""fix's"" and f***king around with the lines of code in the .ini folder to try and get it to work DON'T BUY THIS!!!!"
76561198157075758,Not Recommended,208580,17222623,"Posted: 25 July, 2015",all,stackedback95,this game is not at all like SWTOR...dont think anyone writing reviews has ever played SWTOR....u cannot jump...theres a crappy targeting system...list goes on and on...not bad for 8 bucks...but would not pay top price for this
,Not Recommended,208580,22948564,"Posted: 12 May, 2016",all,ZwordNotSword|TH,Boring
76561198006255470,Not Recommended,208580,29312112,Posted: 16 January,all,Shadownix,Was looking good and promising till I found out combat was a point and click...
,Not Recommended,208580,29450581,Posted: 23 January,all,Fluffy Bunny 666,Not fun.
,Not Recommended,208580,17178015,"Posted: 22 July, 2015",all,DigBone,Uninstall simulator 2015
76561198282278523,Not Recommended,208580,23758048,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,Because I'm Batman,This game plain out sucks and is a horrible rpg
76561198141445417,Not Recommended,208580,28498821,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,pchchhht,I ♥♥♥♥ing hate this
76561198068968855,Not Recommended,208580,29784275,Posted: 8 February,all,JyCS,"I liked it 10 years ago, now it's a torture. Outdated game."
76561198276992743,Not Recommended,208580,34545099,Posted: 27 August,all,Tim<|Terrorize|>,pathetic this game should never be on sale when it doesnt work on current systems. i tried everything including disabling such and such running  windowed mode but it doesnt work on my platform [windows 10].
76561198042590261,Not Recommended,208580,29127272,Posted: 8 January,all,Toxic Larva,I don't recommend this game
76561198157745825,Not Recommended,208580,24376244,"Posted: 17 July, 2016",all,Apple Jack,I hate this game because i wanna play as a Sith and not as a Jedeye
,Not Recommended,208580,22695882,"Posted: 28 April, 2016",all,Loading Sun,the gameplay consists of spam clicking targets
76561198384155115,Not Recommended,208580,31599094,Posted: 7 May,all,stanm8831,"Awful, boring and confusing!"
,Not Recommended,208580,22870657,"Posted: 8 May, 2016",all,神Sir Awesome_Possum神,Do no buy this game it has a bad story and it has some of the worse controls i have ever seen and the combat system is♥♥♥♥♥
,Not Recommended,208580,23542251,"Posted: 13 June, 2016",all,CiXe_,This game is too old to be playable in my opinion
,Not Recommended,208580,31475830,Posted: 30 April,all,Pvt.Franky,"Kotor I, was fu'cking bad, but this one holy♥♥♥♥♥♥ I never thought they would make a much worse sequel"
76561198092437619,Not Recommended,208580,26252249,"Posted: 27 October, 2016",all,TemporaryTeMp3R,"Horrible game doesn't work for my pc and i want to sue these guys so bad, i just paid so much/10,00 when i could've saved it all for a better deal..this sucks..don't buy the game."
,Not Recommended,208580,25602010,"Posted: 20 September, 2016",all,Samantha Rostova,"Wtf it says its star wars but there's no Luke, laia, Han Solo or Chewbaka! I played 18 hours for them to show up but I find them NO WHERE! Either the game is broken or this is a knock off using the Starwars brand to make a quick buck."
,Recommended,208580,30394010,Posted: 8 March,all,DarkshroudRogue,"Must Buy!This game pretty much defined my childhood, alongside the first one. A Star Wars game, based in The Old Republic, where you play the Jedi Exile. Banished for fighting in the Mandalorian Wars, you have since returned to known space and find yourself combatting a massive threat that has all but wiped the Jedi from the galaxy.The game utilises a turn-based d20 style of combat, so fans of D&D or other PnP tabletops will find the system very welcoming and familiar. The game has an amazing story, good pacing, political intrigue, darker than dark moments and they expanded on the powers, feats and alignment system from the first game that defined it. The first game was 2004's Game of the Year, and whilst the second was a bit rushed and left incomplete in a lot of respects it more than lives up to the first's legacy.If you enjoy good storytelling, alignment and choice based gameplay, fluid combat and the idea of owning your own damn spaceship, then what are you waiting for? Get the game!"
,Recommended,208580,19314548,"Posted: 27 November, 2015",all,Elda King,"Awesome RPG, with a great combination of story, companions and gameplay. It was released in an unpolished state, but modders have done a really nice job of making it closer to how it should have been. Now that it has workshop support and plenty of other nice mods, it is even better.In comparison with KOTOR I, this one has some small but meaningful improvements to the mechanics. The story isn't as innovative but still really good. A solid game that holds its own really well many years later."
76561198152618925,Recommended,208580,30384741,Posted: 7 March,all,Me Too Thanks,This. This is nostalgia. I can remember playing this game with my brother for hours on end. If you are looking for a good RPG look no further. This is the holy grail.
,Recommended,208580,30386339,Posted: 7 March,all,christianthmsn,issa good game
,Recommended,208580,30401110,Posted: 8 March,all,Merkalto,I love this game! So many cool thing to do with mods!
76561198089402095,Recommended,208580,30422249,Posted: 10 March,all,MegaAmpen®@youtube,"A true classic that wasn't finished.I played this game when it first came out, it was very anticipated since the success after the first game, and while this started off good, it soon became appearent that this game wasn't finished, and that alot of content had been cut.After all these years since launch though, alot of dedicated modders have added their contributions, some of wich have been to restore the cut content, and has done so very admireably. So picking this title up, you might want to head over to the community hub and pick up TSL - Restored content mod.Part from that, this game looks visually better than its predecessor, while the story instead is somewhat more linear. Graphics are still good considering how old the game is, without being stellar, but good enough to enjoy the game.All in all, the gaming time you get and the story itself merits the current price (€10), especially if you like the Star Wars universe. If that is true, if this is on a sale, it should be a no-brainer pick-up."
76561197989549973,Recommended,208580,30429501,Posted: 10 March,all,Staff Sgt Max Fightmaster,Much Lightsaber Very good
76561198020720029,Recommended,208580,19121173,"Posted: 16 November, 2015",all,The Rarest Temmie,Had this game on 6 CDs and lost one so I bought it on steam to finish it again.Enough said.
76561198057578801,Recommended,208580,19116672,"Posted: 16 November, 2015",all,Alcolonel,"I was so pleased to replay this awesome game on a linux distri.Working well, no buggs."
,Recommended,208580,18885147,"Posted: 4 November, 2015",all,Scott-O-Lantern,one of the best single player experiences ive had
,Recommended,208580,19125126,"Posted: 16 November, 2015",all,Slowmo Laggins,"Massive technical upgrades from the first game, however the story is pretty choppy and lacks sense unless you install the restored content.Pros: Fun game, lots of force powers, lots of class customization, light sabersCons: Chopped up story, annoying companions, obvious plot ""twists"", not well writtenoverall 6/10with restored content 8/10"
,Recommended,208580,19139008,"Posted: 17 November, 2015",all,ihasvoodoo,The story line for these has so much substance. It's hard to find a game that has such a great storyline. The fact that it is Star Wars just brings out the raging nerd in me. Please to make a KOTOR trilogy...The restored content mod was great! It filled in a lot of the plot holes from when I first played.
76561198069216992,Recommended,208580,19140658,"Posted: 17 November, 2015",all,pɐɹuoʞ,"As a Star Wars movie fan, with very little knowledge of the expanded universe, I was surprised to find how much I enjoyed this game. I played it when I was a kid, non-stop, and seeing it on Steam again made me jump with joy. I meant to write this review sooner, but it completely slipped my mind.First off, the gameplay is turn-based action, which is nice, especially utilizing the pause feature. The story progression seems very nice, flowing very well together, in my opinion. There are moments where your choices drastically change the characters.If I recommend this game to a friend, I would tell them to invest themselves in the characters. Each character has a meaning, purpose. Talk to them frequently, bring them with you. They'll help you make your choices, and give you opinions on the choices you make.The only thing I complain about is that there is no non-jedi mode. Throughout the entirety of the game, you are a jedi, you get no choice. However, thanks to mods, the story can now be changed, and the character can be a non-jedi. The modding community is wonderful, and opens doors to this game, as well. However, the base game is still the best."
,Recommended,208580,19134918,"Posted: 17 November, 2015",all,Snowdrama,"Star Wars KOTORII Is a must play for anyone who enjoys sci-fi and story based games. Taking place after the events of the original KOTOR, KOTORII continues the story with new locations and a lengthy story with a ton of stuff to do.My only complaint is the combat hasn't aged as well as the story, as it takes a bit to get used to because of its pusedo-realtime feel. Often the player will get stuck on a table because other NPCs are blocking the way, or the character will want to run around the complete wrong way because they have to go around some stupid rock because its ""shorter"".If you haven't played either this or the original KOTOR, they are $10 each and totally worth the price, for a story that beats out more than a few modern games. (Plus if you're REALLY cheap wait for a sale they tend to go on sale for ~$3 dollars and are worth WAY more than that)The game was also updated in 2015 to include a ton of things that were not included in the original PC release or Xbox releases which brings the game almost to the realm of HD including widescreen."
76561198056118282,Not Recommended,208580,19049469,"Posted: 13 November, 2015",all,odenat1,"Unfortunately, game keeps going back to desktop while it is running. And i can not re-open it altough i click on the symbol."
,Recommended,208580,19096971,"Posted: 15 November, 2015",all,Zombie Lenin,"Very good facelift of a classic.Occasionally it will refuse to start, just keep trying until you get a good main menu and it's smooth sailiing from there.And of course subscribe to the restoration mod from the workshop."
,Recommended,208580,19085556,"Posted: 14 November, 2015",all,itsACoppa,"Played through this game dozens of times, saw it one steam for $2.99 with 4k resolution support and instantly fell back in love with it"
,Recommended,208580,19045568,"Posted: 12 November, 2015",all,Kingcrowley,Again another awesome RPG!
76561198125607551,Recommended,208580,30610236,Posted: 19 March,all,of all the names I chose skulllg,"One of the best games of all time along with the first game. Not the most stunning looking game these days, but seriously hang in there for the character development and winner story. You get used to the combat and feel of the game, then the feels get you.10/10."
,Recommended,208580,19097603,"Posted: 15 November, 2015",all,SirBaconPants777,"This game is sooooooo much fun! The story is cool, the mechanics are simple, and the characters are good. Plus, you even make your own character and go on your own path to the defender of the light or master of darkness. Also, I must say, can someone go back in time and make the prequels based off the games?"
76561198031416572,Recommended,208580,19060757,"Posted: 13 November, 2015",all,Demetrick,Best game ever
,Recommended,208580,19086957,"Posted: 14 November, 2015",all,Izibella,This game is great and reminds me so much of my childhood.  Don't ask me why.  It's just good fun in the Star Wars universe.  Perhaps it's my undying love for Star Wars... I don't know.
,Recommended,208580,19087046,"Posted: 14 November, 2015",all,Kyle_Lucian,"Classic Star Wars game. There is very little negative to say about this game. It was uncomplete which is frustrating. This is the second best Star Wars game to every be released first being Star Wars Galaxies. I really hoped to see a KOTOR III, but like many others am very frustrated to see it has been started and stopped many times. If 3 is ever released I will have it pre-ordered. I would also be willing to donate to a kickstart program to get this game up and running."
,Recommended,208580,19088209,"Posted: 14 November, 2015",all,HowlingOne6,Classic style RPG with a twist! Turn based battle and DnD esqe saves and counter saves make this game as much about logic as it is about the choices you make or the quests you do. It will keep you smiling for hours on end. A fantastic sequel to KOTOR. 10/10
,Recommended,208580,19136008,"Posted: 17 November, 2015",all,muji111,I paid less than 3 dollars for this. I would have paid 30.It is still supported!!! When someone gives this kind of service I want them to TAKE MORE OF MY MONEY.
,Recommended,208580,3693830,"Posted: 11 May, 2013",all,Malachi,"The Force is Strong with this one! For those of you who are unfamiliar with this game, think Mass Effect+Dungeons and Dragons with a Lightsaber. All three of those things are excellent in and of themselves, but combined, my wallet never stood a chance."
,Recommended,208580,19025574,"Posted: 11 November, 2015",all,Lanz,"With the Restored Content Mod, so much more of the game has been opened up for me! Truly awesome after having last played it on the original Xbox. A great Star Wars game if not the best Star Wars game out there alongside it's predecessor."
76561198046633939,Recommended,208580,8435310,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,"Skiv, The Creator","Large improvement from the first game, so much nostalgia, 8/10, very good price being on sale."
76561198000443108,Recommended,208580,1971830,"Posted: 7 September, 2012",all,Santus Shadow,This game made me who I am.... its deep.
,Recommended,208580,322911,"Posted: 4 September, 2012",all,Minsc,This is one of those flawed masterpieces that you have to try.
,Recommended,208580,4464085,"Posted: 16 March, 2013",all,blurzie,"This game cleans up and improves on a lot of things from the first installment. Albeit the story is kinda broken due to cut content (which can be restored by mods), it's still a very good game. And a proud piece of my childhood."
,Recommended,208580,7112291,"Posted: 25 July, 2013",all,Namelus,"Like RPG? Like Star wars?Well, this is the best star wars RPG ever made. On top of that, its a pretty damn good RPG, even if you dont like star wars. Combat is semi turn based, you have party members that you can individually outfit with gear, have you own classes and talent trees, powers and abilites, play the game differently based on how you made your character.Not only is there a wealth of storyline and extra entertainment (such as the side card game in casino's and pod racing) but everything you do or say can affect the world around you. You can affect how other people in your party think of you, affect how an npc will react to you, your choices even push you on the path toward the dark side or stay on the light side. Both have benefits and negatives and their own force powers.All in all, 10/10"
76561197965641023,Recommended,208580,8366476,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,Mr Wickham,"With outdated graphics, this game is still top notch."
76561198030374042,Recommended,208580,3993241,"Posted: 2 June, 2013",all,commander515,"The Sith Lords is a sequel; however, it is also a Star Wars sequel, and Star Wars sequels are one of the few that have generally managed to avoid the curse associated with that label.That being said, this game has always had a bit of a stigma attached to it; it was a followup to a massively popular RPG on the original Xbox and the studio creating it was under alot of pressure to both A) release it quickly and B) deliver another hit. They were given only a year by the publisher to get it together and push it out; the result was a game that was slightly buggy and rushed. While it was fully playable, epic, and far deeper than the game it was a successor to, there were always elements to it that left fans wanting more.Enter the hardcore PC RPG-gamers and their love for modding. There is a mod for this game - which thankfully, miraculously, works with the Steam version - that essentially restores KoTOR II to its original, intended glory. When Obsidian was making this game, there was a large amount of content that had to be cut from the original version in order for them to make the December 2004 release date; that has all now been restored by a dedicated team of awesome volunteers. All of the idle characters, ineffectual prompts, and sealed doorways that led nowhere in the console version of the game can now be accessed thanks to some clever RPG fanatics and their digging around in the source code of the PC version.I won't lie; there are still a few glitches and bugs that make keeping multiple save files for a single playthrough an absolute necessity - but all of the cut content - interactions with party members, additional dialogue, ways to make your NPCs more powerful, even an entire extra planet to play through - can be accessed via the 'Restored Content Mod'. This makes an already excellent (albeit incomplete) d20-system-based epic Star Wars RPG even better. Both games are available on Steam, and collectively serve as a prequel to Star Wars: The Old Republic."
,Recommended,208580,8353656,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,Gino,"good game with great writing. remember to disable the in game community, it may cause errors"
76561198103507011,Recommended,208580,8354669,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,B1ockade,"One of the best RPG gmaes I have played. Old, but solid narative and mechanics"
,Recommended,208580,8355964,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,Zakhan,"After playing this game I had to get the truth out: KotOR 2 is not a bad game, but it is not a shining example of gaming greatness either. However, the game is a diamond in the rough - if you have the patience to read through the incoming wall of text, then I'll explain why. Skip to the end for pros and cons if you want.The gamemakers were pressured into releasing the game before the planned release date and therefore the game is truncated in a most horrible fashion. The ending is very anticlimactic due to its overreliance on a few dialogue options, which serve to give some conclusion to the story. The AI is dumber than a sack of rocks - enemies do not buff themselves or utilise certain mechanics that forces the player to be smart/flexible. Melee enemies will charge you in an uncoordinated manner and ranged enemies will just have a slugging match with you until they die. And the story tries to have several concurrent plotlines at a point, where you switch from companion to companion, which harms the climactic sequences and that feeling of dramatic tension.I played as a Light SIde Jedi Consular with the awesome power to KILL EVERY NORMAL ENEMY IN A ROOM WITH 2 ACTIONS on the normal difficulty. All I did was throw Dark Side Lightning everywhere, which was fun for a while in the beginning, although it got boring fast. Then I just decided to do another cool and overpowered thing, which I did in KotOR 1 with my scout+sentinel: I got so many attacks in each round that I could end anyone in a round even without stasis'ing my way to victory. In KotOR 2, I used an aggressive lightsaber form (Juyo) with Master Force Speed, which results in a double-1h jedi throwing 5-7 attacks in one turn with Master Flurry. Vulnerabilities were chased away with the Stasis Field power, since they can't hit you when they are all frozen.Okay, fine. Combat has improved from KotOR 1 with the addition of lightsaber/force forms and more feats/powers - the game just suffers from a BAD AI and heavy truncation.I was spared the worst of the truncation, since I installed a mod, which restores a great deal of content. That does not excuse the huge negatives of the game, but it did allow me to experience an introspective quest of self-defense, which was very evident throughout the dialogue with your teacher (Kreia) and your interactions with the force-sensitive companions you gather. The many companions have varying degrees of depth, but Kreia takes the cake with her motives and perspective.Kreia has (HEAVY SPOILERS INCOMING)an intense hate for the force (which is a poison in her eyes - to be used until she discovers how to KILL it) and her dialogue reveals a depth to her observations. She reveals the way everything is connected, not just as regards to the Force, but also as it regards to causuality. She tries to teach you the art of manipulation as she manipulates you. She believes that she is working for the best and she reacts harshly to the whole Sith(DS) vs Jedi(LS) worldview, which is so very black and white. She is a dark shade of grey and she sees teaching you as her greatest chance to influence the world. Machiavellian political philosophy is very much about doing small evils to do a great good and she really shows you how easy it is to trip over Dark Side dialogue options, as you find that her voice of reason is very much about the greater good in a world where every action affects your force alignment. Separation from the Force makes the ones separated stronger in her eyes, as the overreliance on the Force turns people into philosophical and ethical cripples, which makes her love you for CUTTING OFF YOUR CONNECTION WITH THE FORCE VOLUNTARILY.The dialogue with her also reveals some problems between the Force (fate) and free will, with Kreia as a proponent for free will, which explains her actions. (I am also reminded of Nietszche, when it comes to her grayness in the whole LS vs DS debacle.)Pros: PC mods help (some are easy to install) - combat CAN be fun - dialogue is influential (as it was in the first KotOR) - engaging characters - you get to be as reasonable/psychotic/goody-two-shoes as you want to be - Kreia - if you can immerse yourself then you get a great experienceCons: truncated game - combat is USUALLY not engaging, especially in the long run - game is a bit drawn out - ending is anticlimactic - game is easy on normal - game is a guilty pleasure - immersion can be hard to gain and maintain - certain powers and tactics are almost gamebreaking in the environment offered by the gametl;dr game is just alright if you can live with its failures - if not, then it is not for you"
76561198102748790,Recommended,208580,8666716,"Posted: 11 January, 2014",all,Seeker Of Seas,"Have always liked this game. The story is interesting, the characters are memorable and the voice acting is one the best I've heard, especially Kreia's actor did an excellent job. The ending could be better but this is one of those games where the journey matters and not the end of it."
,Recommended,208580,8527361,"Posted: 2 January, 2014",all,[OOM] Hawnsolo,Arguably the best RPG I have ever played. Have very fond memories of this from the xbox. So happy when they put it on steam. Much easier this time around lol. 10/10
76561198078787904,Recommended,208580,8278945,"Posted: 25 December, 2013",all,Cutlass0516,fantasitc! (fix win8 crashing issues!!!!)
76561198043875592,Recommended,208580,8542590,"Posted: 3 January, 2014",all,my wife left me,"Beaten 5 times on the Xbox, soon to repeat on the computer. Ruined my life. 11/10."
76561198047624322,Recommended,208580,8545959,"Posted: 3 January, 2014",all,TheKiller9000,"Quite possibly the best Star Wars game of all time, and i am so happy it's on Steam.  it runs real well, and if you get it, find the restored content Mod.  10/10, will reccomend to anyone who will listen to be gibber on about it's philosophy and ethics for  more than 10 min."
,Recommended,208580,8623014,"Posted: 8 January, 2014",all,800% More Autism,"A gripping story and vast degrees of character/equipment/playstyle customization is marred only slightly by the presence of bugs. The game starts off slow, however, and takes a certain degree of patience. Someone who is willing to lockpick(or in my case, lightsaber open) every door and read every datapad will gain a very rich experience in the backstory of Star Wars. If, however, you simply want to engage in lightsaber duels as an action game without regard for pace or story, this may not be the game for you. If you value a well-paced story with some darker tones and a myriad of ways to play with your character/party, play this game. Just do with with the Restored Content Mod(google TSLRCM, you'll find it), it makes the game much richer."
76561197991260766,Recommended,208580,8599220,"Posted: 6 January, 2014",all,Tontery,"The sequel to one of the best games ever made is often overshadowed by the first, but in my opinion it stands equal as a remarkable game. I sincerely recommend it to anyone, everywhere!"
,Recommended,208580,8511095,"Posted: 2 January, 2014",all,We Wuz Kangz,"Install the fan-made Restored Content Patch and this game is fantastic. Bugs all cleared out, so many quests and cutscenes that you've never seen before because of Obsidian's rushed delivery date for this game."
,Recommended,208580,8494651,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,xmullenator,"Ahhhhh nostalgic feels, from my favourite star wars game series. Love this one and the first kotor :)"
,Recommended,208580,8495031,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,battlegodor,"This game is a great flashback to retro style RPGs. I never had the chance to play this back in the day on the orignal xbox so it was a real treat to see it on here.The game is your straight up good/evil RPG. Everything you say and do will affect both you, and your team. Most choices are pretty black and white but there will be some that will make you think.Combat can be alittle weird at times (not attacking the right person, weapons not spawning in) but it still feels overall very good. You can pause the combat and select the enemy and skill you wish to use on them. This is the early set up for the Mass Effect style of combat.You have many people you come across to join your group, but only about 2-3 of them are fully fleshed out. You can talk to everyone and most every time you go on your ship there will be a cut-scene involving differnet characters. Sadly, like i said though only 2-3 characters have full blown conversation trees. Meanwhile all the rest are just kinda filler.Overall, I love this game and it deserves atleast 2 playthrough to see both sides of the force. 8/10."
76561198095434578,Recommended,208580,10877627,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,Dragoule,the most epic f******* star wars game that came out!!!!!
,Recommended,208580,10877910,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,rocketscience420,"the best star wars rpg, and probably the only one that subverts most of the standard conventions instead of re-treading old grounds. it's just a shame they weren't allowed to actually finish the game before it got pushed out.clunky as ♥♥♥♥ by todays standards but if you've already played through kotor1 you should be used to that by now.remember to get the restored content modhttp://www.moddb.com/mods/the-sith-lords-restored-content-mod-tslrcm/downloads/tslrcm-183"
,Recommended,208580,10878110,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,Johnny Law,"BUY THIS GAME, IT IS AMAZING, VERY FUN, WOW, PLEASE BUY, VERY FUN OLD GAME, BEST STAR WARS GAME YET WOW"
76561197969541921,Recommended,208580,358958,"Posted: 20 July, 2013",all,Tact,Get your jedi on.
76561198039439095,Recommended,208580,10878934,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,Magnus Arturis,Great Storyline
76561198013958133,Recommended,208580,10879322,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,Apolly,"It's Star Wars, what more do you ppl need?!"
76561198111168468,Recommended,208580,10879397,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,Mugenban,"One of the best star wars games out there love it, RPG combat system choice making great story line worth picking up for any star wars fan, had it on my xbox why i got it for my pc"
,Recommended,208580,10881800,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,Lives for Drama,"Not as good as the first one, but still a terrific game that doesn't require much prior knowlege about the series."
76561198025542428,Recommended,208580,10882191,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,Birinar,KOTOR is one of the best series of games ever made.
76561198099428447,Recommended,208580,10777889,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,Totherpage95,an excellent RPG and worthy sequel of Revan's journey... best to play both games but this can also stand on its own well.IMPORTANT:INSTALL THE EXPANSION TSLRCM 1.8.3 BEFORE PLAYING!!! I cannot stress how important this addition is! the game is EXTREMELY unfinished without it!http://www.moddb.com/mods/the-sith-lords-restored-content-mod-tslrcm/downloadsAlso you can install the M4-78 Enhancement Project mod adding much more gameplay if you desire...             Both of these can be downloaded easily from the link above ...
76561198094102885,Recommended,208580,10938016,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,Ailierynn,"A renegade Jedi with a blaster rifle and a former Sith as a teacher? Count me in!Seriously, I was always into the ""less black and white"" take on Star Wars - in fact, I always liked the more ambitious titles that didn't go all the white knight way, starting with Tie Fighter of 1994. But those were few and in between. This is another such example, and extremely valuable in no small part to being morally ambiguous. If, when playing an SW game you ask two quiestions: ""would a Jedi do it"" and ""would I do it"", and the answers aren't always the same, that's a big plus in my book.The game itself has aged a lot by now, especially in the graphics department, with complete lack of support for 16:10 widescreen gaming. Also, NPC's talk... garbage. If it's not plain English, you get the same few phrases repeated at any and all dialogues, and it gets annoying. Controls are a bit clunky, and the game plays more like a tactics game rather than an adventure, but that's what you get with a 3PV game.Still, it is very ambitious, and many things done wrong here, but done none the less (and, despite their shortcomings, are still fun in a way), are exactly the things we loved first Mass Effect for. It is only normal that gameplay elements become streamlined, evolve, improve, become more convenient.In other words, if you like SW, aren't opposed to an idea of a force user with twin red lightsabers occasionally doing good things, and can suffer through poor interface to actually enjoy the game, you shouldn't be disappointed. You just need the kind of dedication to this as you would, should you suddenly decide to replay any of the System Shock series. Forget the convenience, and enjoy the game!"
76561198022959768,Recommended,208580,10920070,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,valium,"Buy this game, then download the restored content mod. Fixes the ever so present Obsidian flaws.I do mean 'buy this game,' it is a great RPG that stands up today, even with dated graphics if you are an actual RPG fan. Which is to say -- if you care more about story and gameplay."
,Recommended,208580,10993799,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,Wictor,obsidian has a talent for making me fall in love with amazing stories and characters wrapped up inside buggy as ♥♥♥♥ games that will never have satisfying endings.thank god there's an active modding community that fixed a lot of the♥♥♥♥♥♥that held this game back from being truly awesome.p.s. atton rand >>>>> all your favs
76561198045728432,Recommended,208580,10934948,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,Sketchy,This is one of my favorite games that Bioware has made to this day!
,Recommended,208580,10870611,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,Japve,"**Read**This it´s a good game, but it could have been way beter than the first kotor BUT there is a TERRIBLE PROBLEM. When you are going into the city of Onderon, the game crashes and you cant continue your journie, you can´t get into your ship and you cant get into the city either. You have to play all the game again and pray it won't crash again.There are some bugs more but you won't even notice them.Solution:YOU HAVE TO SAVE THE GAME when you are in the ship choosing where to go. so if you are going to the city of onderon and crashes, you can choose to go to other planet, or try again, until you can get in the city.If you choose the female character you must start in the planet Dantooine."
,Recommended,208580,8467641,"Posted: 31 December, 2013",all,Industrial Chicken Inhaler,"A game from Bioware (well, KOTOR 1 was anyway) where choices actually affect the ending!"
,Recommended,208580,11137841,"Posted: 8 July, 2014",all,"Sugarcane, God of Rum","KOTOR II is sadly an incomplete game. Much of the game was scrapped and there's a number of bugs in it. Regardless, it is still a fantastic game that actually improves on the first game in many ways. If you are interested in playing a more complete version, the community has created several mods to restore much of the original content of the game; even creating an entirely new planet, pieced together from the scraps of data left in the game."
76561198095296579,Recommended,208580,11144408,"Posted: 8 July, 2014",all,Brotein Shake,"The first one got me hooked, but this one keeps me coming back for more. It's easily my favorite star wars game ever created. The gameplay is tuned up from the original, there are a lot of extra feats and powers, and the story is just as good, even if it doesn't have that big ""WTF?!"" moment in the first game. Its a great game to dump a lot of hours into, and the replay value is high. I highly recommend it!"
,Recommended,208580,11008619,"Posted: 1 July, 2014",all,"MSG ""Doc"" [1st SFG]","A great game for those looking for a Star Wars based RPG. Fantastic mods are around (if you can find them), but the base-game itself doesn't need them to keep things interesting.10/10"
,Recommended,208580,11010287,"Posted: 1 July, 2014",all,Shadowgale,goty 2004
76561198052681328,Recommended,208580,8274715,"Posted: 25 December, 2013",all,Lostprop,Fantastic and addictive! One of the best Star Wars games out there!
76561198036692554,Recommended,208580,8255961,"Posted: 24 December, 2013",all,The Sharktooth Raider,"One of my top All Timers. Plus with the content mod, it looks to add much more detail that was lost in the regular ""vanilla"" version. The graphics are pretty good considering the age. It honestly looks as good if not a little better than the current MMO, Star Wars the Old Republic.Also is made by a great company"
76561198056515937,Recommended,208580,8293599,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,Ginno the Unending,"It wont let me get past the starting logos, any tips?"
,Recommended,208580,6491128,"Posted: 13 April, 2013",all,toad_004,"This game is often overshadowed by ""the first one"", but it's a great game in its own right."
76561198100350928,Recommended,208580,8123416,"Posted: 19 December, 2013",all,kudd262,"Contemplating on spending the $6.99 for kotor 2?regardless if you're new to the world of kotor 2 or just re-living the old days, Its worth the debit. So worth it i have been looking periodically for this game over the last year. Never thought to google it so i could come across it on steam. Get the updated patches for the game like the other reviews state. Just to add another point of food for thought on your purchase. I just bought the game not even 7 days ago. They are now just putting it on sale. I'm not even♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥they put it on sale! loL i only hope they decided to do this with kotor 1 as well. Thats my review for kotor 2!"
,Recommended,208580,8124990,"Posted: 19 December, 2013",all,Schmidty Werben-Jaegerman-Jensen,Absolutely incredible game the choices and the companion system were very well done the only problems are the bugs and the combat system but there are mods that fix bugs definitely worth it
76561198051191271,Recommended,208580,8097853,"Posted: 17 December, 2013",all,kirbster,Love this game! Love that Steam has the power to bring back a classic! For any Star Wars fans that would like a story outside of the movies.
,Recommended,208580,8110630,"Posted: 18 December, 2013",all,NoldorianKing,"This game is simply amazing! It takes place 5 years after the first. You get new companions, a new main character, and a new adventure. Plenty of throwbacks to the first, with a few cameo appearances of the original cast. The combat system is the same, but is still enjoyable, at least for me. The only problem I've had with it is there is a tendency to crash on startup, but this is a minor annoyance at worst. Get this game, especially if it's on sale."
,Recommended,208580,5073398,"Posted: 16 July, 2013",all,Verdtex,An amazing follow up to KOTOR that delivers.
,Recommended,208580,8184213,"Posted: 21 December, 2013",all,famq,cool game!
,Recommended,208580,1456724,"Posted: 22 November, 2012",all,Canton Of Prohibition,"I cannot recommend this enough. Dishonored at £23? Skyrim at £24. Don't even bother. This has better gameplay/progression/story than any of them. Better control over your character, better control over your party, better control over your storyline.Buy this. Heal people. Or kill them. You actually have that choice."
,Recommended,208580,8185595,"Posted: 21 December, 2013",all,Mein Kampf,This is a really fun game with hours of gameplay and replay vaule i highly recomend you buy this game
,Recommended,208580,8186924,"Posted: 21 December, 2013",all,Mysterious Akavir,"Great game, lots of replay value."
76561197993174997,Recommended,208580,1426878,"Posted: 27 November, 2012",all,QT,"Even after playing this again 10 or so years later, the locations could have been designed better. But the story, characters and dialogue are still good. Even better with the fan patch that restores all exlcuded content + widescreen. Still worth playing however because the combat system has very much improved over its precursor at least."
76561198118237947,Recommended,208580,8188092,"Posted: 21 December, 2013",all,pizzabagelrepublic,"This game is very special to me and for alot of reasons and i could sit here all day listing them but ill make this as short as possible with a simple yes no to see if this game is for you.1 do you like star wars in any way shape or form2 are you a lore junkie3 do you enjoy a deep rich storyline with even deeper charaters4 can you tolerate the dated graphics5 do you have the tolerance for bugs6 do you enjoy turn base combatIf you said yes to any of these then i promise you this game is worth the moneyEXTRA CRAP IF YOU CAREThis is hands down my 2nd favorate game of all time only beaten by the 1st in the seires. If you have played the mmo and liked it you will be happy to know the back story of the game from this. if you hated it then be glad to know this putts it to shame on so many levels. Now you could say that im putting this game on a pedistal from my nostalgia, but im really not. To be honest I HATE turn based combat and I HATE poor graphics ( save minecraft ) and I've never really like star wars. But this game is so good that i can look past all of that. Now stop reading this and buy the dam thing"
76561198053592964,Recommended,208580,8189457,"Posted: 21 December, 2013",all,Travis Scott,Ohhhhhhhhh ♥♥♥♥ YEAH
,Recommended,208580,8190840,"Posted: 22 December, 2013",all,Nemesis 2002,"To play KOTOR 2, install the Sith Lord restaured content Mod, which completely fixes the game. Once this is done : great game (still some other fixes to implement to prevent crashes though... follow the guides to be found on the forums). And to be really in for an intense adventure, play KOTOR 1 and 2 one after the other."
,Recommended,208580,8160519,"Posted: 20 December, 2013",all,Nah,"A fun game though its story leaves you with more questions than it began with. There are some amazing party members in this game and Obsidian tried to do some new things. It was quite easy until the very end, which became very difficult at certain parts. It runs a lot better than the first game so give it a shot when its on sale."
76561198046756036,Recommended,208580,8126451,"Posted: 19 December, 2013",all,Nemo,One of my favorite RPGs.  I suggest downloading the Restored Content Mod when playing though as a large part of the original game was cut out due to time restraints.
,Recommended,208580,4079664,"Posted: 8 December, 2012",all,Dragonwolfworm,"Despite the base game of KoTR 2 being somewhat dissapointing (glitches and the ending in particular), KoTR 2 is still a great game with a very complex and dark storyline, deep characters and intresting new powers. In many ways, I think this story is lightyears ahead of KoTR. I highly recommend you play this, but download the restored content mod first so that way you have the complete experience of this game."
76561198057601402,Recommended,208580,10245176,"Posted: 26 May, 2014",all,Wilko_The_Maintainer,"Second best RPG ever, only to KOTOR 1"
76561198042656926,Recommended,208580,10246507,"Posted: 26 May, 2014",all,Shawarma King,The only game that would be better than this one is Knights of The Old Republic III
,Recommended,208580,44250,"Posted: 26 September, 2012",all,AlteredC,"Though the game does seem to be based almost entirely around how much Atton wants your female characters booty, don't be put off, there's a good story in there.Get past the combat and the need to tell Bao-Dur to stop half whispering and you'll have a great time."
,Recommended,208580,10380721,"Posted: 7 June, 2014",all,DannyGrumpyBear,One of the best RPGs out there. Even though it is pretty old this game is still better then a lot of games that have came out in recent years. This game right here is my childhood and my Star wars nerd side and I would recommend to any RPG and/or Star wars fan.
76561198078718817,Recommended,208580,10382426,"Posted: 7 June, 2014",all,J1M96,It never gets old an absolute classic used to play it on original xbox still as good as ever.
,Recommended,208580,10396958,"Posted: 8 June, 2014",all,Honorbound1989,This is a great sequel to the first game.
76561197970566727,Recommended,208580,10397180,"Posted: 8 June, 2014",all,AirRandouche,Better gameplay than original but no where near as good story.
,Recommended,208580,10273084,"Posted: 29 May, 2014",all,eu578,"I have mixed feelings about this one, because it's a very good game in terms of gameplay and story, plus it has nice graphics (as in you won't want to pluck your eyes out when you play it), but is poorly optimised, it barley works on vista,win 7 and win8, even the steam version.The story is one of the best in the Star Wars universe (even if you count the movies and other extended universe materials), the caracters are well writen (the only annoying thing about them is they tend to be mostly good or bad, no inbetween, but we are talking about Star Wars witch is a universe built on those sort of extremes) and the clasic RPG mechanics really work in this game.I strongly recommend this game, if you are into story heavy RPG's, but you have to search the internet for a DLL Vista/win7 fix and you have to download an unoficial community patch to get it to work on newer operating systems (whitch is kind of a hussle)."
,Recommended,208580,10411900,"Posted: 9 June, 2014",all,Angmor,"Easily in the top five for my Favorite Games of All Time, for two very specific reasons: Morality, and Choice.Most RPGs tout freedom of choice and moral dilemmas as main gameplay mechanics. Nearly all of them, to put it generously, are stupid. Games like Fallout 3 and even the beloved original KotOR offer choices such as 'disarm the nuclear bomb and be rewarded with the praise of a grateful town, or blow it up, killing dozens of innocents for a paltry reward,' and 'deal politely with the NPC, or call them names, use racial slurs, and belittle their profession, and then threaten them with physical violence until they hand over ten credits and a crappy blaster.' Contrary to what the game would have you believe, this is not a choice between good and evil. This is a choice between saintly, and stupid. It can be argued that even an 'evil' character would want to act suave and courteous, because they're smart enough to realize acting like an adolescent bully is actually counter to their aims. Unless you are one of those 'for teh lulz' gamers, there is no good reason to be 'evil.'KotOR 2 on the other hand, presents choices like 'side with the rightfully elected but possibly inept queen, or support the violent coup staged by the strong, visionary general,' and 'Help improve the lives of the helpless refugees and make an enemy of the most powerful criminal organization in the galaxy who will hound you for the rest of your days, or turn a blind eye to the oppression and ensure your own survival.' Often, the 'good' choice is not immediately apparent. And when it is, you can be assured that it will be a difficult one. Good will usually mean sacrifice, while evil often means survival. With this far more mature and realistic approach to moral choices, this game accomplishes two things: It allows much greater flexibility in roleplaying your character. You can be a good person doing bad things for good reasons, you can be a bad person just earning everyone's trust, you can be a mercenary strictly out for yourself, and yes, if you really want to, you can be the beneficent saint beyond all reason, or the violent pyschopath (but expect characters to scold you for it, on both counts). And secondly, it becomes a thoroughly smart deconstruction of the 'Light Side/Dark Side' dichotomy that typifies Star Wars, and in many ways, latter-day RPG gaming as a whole.While I have never once played an 'evil' character in any other RPG, this is the one game where playing a Dark Side character is just as fun and interesting, if not more so, then a Light Side one. Thus, despite being buggy and unfinished, it will forever be one of my favorite games of all time."
,Recommended,208580,10406417,"Posted: 9 June, 2014",all,Mandelius,Probably one of the best star wars games ever created
,Recommended,208580,10323828,"Posted: 2 June, 2014",all,Martini,"The dark story, non obvious choices and complex characters mixed together make this game awesome. It's a must-have not only for diehard Star Wars fans but also for people who like a good plot in RPG."
76561198046727214,Recommended,208580,10226389,"Posted: 24 May, 2014",all,Tyrant Shadun,You won't like it unless you like story heavy games...or have mental problems like me
,Recommended,208580,10220148,"Posted: 24 May, 2014",all,LePhoenixblood,"If you want a story you can fall in love with i'd vote this, not as good as the first KOTOR but it is very, very fun."
,Recommended,208580,2125524,"Posted: 6 November, 2012",all,Mitty03,RPG + Star Wars + Awesome Story line = Win!
,Recommended,208580,10373966,"Posted: 6 June, 2014",all,Tunloink,Mostly for people who like old games. Im not a biggest fan of it and to me its definately not the best game out there. But it makes up for it and its made very cleverly. Get it if you just want to have fun and relax a bit.
,Recommended,208580,10376386,"Posted: 6 June, 2014",all,Elkhart,Fun if you are a big KOTOR fan.  Gameplay was fun but glitchy.  Knights 2 is really showing its age.  Story felt rushed near the end.
76561197973157204,Recommended,208580,10376556,"Posted: 6 June, 2014",all,Cubanpete,Easily one of the best RPGs ever made.
76561198040841294,Recommended,208580,10336068,"Posted: 3 June, 2014",all,IrishDoom,If you liked the first Game this is a must buy. Even with its story problems compared to the last game. But I do think the character interaction sounds more human in this and It give the mandoes a good send off unlike what Disney and lusac did. This games story will still 50 times better than what Disney can do
76561198108920405,Recommended,208580,9803004,"Posted: 12 April, 2014",all,SumCleverUserName,Sometimes the game just quits and kicks you. If steam could fix this that would be super? Otherwise this game is sweet. One of the best SW games ever made.
,Recommended,208580,9792908,"Posted: 11 April, 2014",all,Probero0,"If you enjoy Star Wars on any level at all and you haven't played this game, then there is a problem that must be remedied.  Get the restored content mod and play this to completion."
76561198103981494,Recommended,208580,11861818,"Posted: 25 August, 2014",all,innora,"Kotor franchise has been my favorite for many years and will probably continue to be for many more to come. This was my third or fourth time of playing Kotor II, after quite a few years. It is no secret that this game is rushed and could have been a masterpiece if they had just invested more time in making it rather than releasing it. However, it is a great game, it offers so much fun. Its story is quite deep and, in my opinion, more complicated than Kotor I. Some characters are amazingly written and others have so much potential yet they are not fully explored in the game. I'd advise playing and buying Kotor II and then downloading the Restored Content Mod (it is the mod which shows you the cut content of the game) for a more complete experience.I've played more than a few RPG games and Kotor II, even with its cons, makes it into my top list. If you love Star Wars Universe and enjoyed Kotor I, I'd say play it right away."
76561198130975889,Recommended,208580,11854879,"Posted: 24 August, 2014",all,Eclipse Maintenance Team,"one of the best star wars game ever made. I have played this countless of times on my xbox and now I bought it on steam years later just to play it again. If you like rpg games, this is the way to go. The story line is very interesting, especially figuring out what is actually what (dont want to spoil anything). Also, get Knights of the old Republic 1, to get some insight before starting this game. Enjoy!"
76561198150657102,Recommended,208580,12119446,"Posted: 16 September, 2014",all,darksleep69,DON'T BUY FOR WINDOWS 8!!!
,Recommended,208580,1875547,"Posted: 23 December, 2012",all,Mrs. Flexi,
,Recommended,208580,12183190,"Posted: 21 September, 2014",all,knickered,brilliant
,Recommended,208580,12194076,"Posted: 22 September, 2014",all,KrazyKringeKing,"Amazng game, one of my all time favorites."
76561198041524603,Recommended,208580,7523344,"Posted: 30 October, 2013",all,Fibretooth,Better than any of the prequels.
76561198079496207,Recommended,208580,19229258,"Posted: 22 November, 2015",all,Traguy,"Not as good as the first, but still amazing."
76561197977032590,Recommended,208580,19179154,"Posted: 20 November, 2015",all,RParade,"KOTOR 2 just got a huge update in 2015, adding widescreen and 4K support aswell as controller support and even new graphical effects for force powers.If you can catch this game on sale it's definitely worth buying."
,Recommended,208580,19180363,"Posted: 20 November, 2015",all,X﻿7DΛϟH,Like Star Wars? GoodLike Having choices in games? Got itLightsaber? Yes But very soon in the gameGuns? Yes Early in the game...You can also influence your companions to good or evilSeriously if you like Star Wars you should get this game....I replayed the first Kotor Game like 4 times....And play on doing it with this game as well
,Recommended,208580,19251489,"Posted: 24 November, 2015",all,panibor,Great game and pretty much difficult.Unfortunately some missions are going on and on and it feels like they will never end.Also kotor 1 story was way better than this one.
,Recommended,208580,19155334,"Posted: 18 November, 2015",all,Captain Clown,After playing this game I feel overwhelmingly positive.
,Not Recommended,208580,19169256,"Posted: 19 November, 2015",all,Phroday,"Time has not been kind to this title. It sits in that awkward space of being too advanced to properly nestle in that retro space, but not advanced enough to cater to any level of modern standard. Mostly it has to do with control and interface. Just moving around is too awkard a task to make me want to fully revisit this title I had fond memories of. Were there an HD remake with a more modern control and conversation, I would jump on top of it in a moment. But this stands as proof of the idea that you can never go back again."
,Recommended,208580,19242869,"Posted: 23 November, 2015",all,Gamling,"Classic SWKOTOR 2,but now with restored content mode easily intergrated and achievements? Must buy for any RPG fan!"
,Recommended,208580,19272888,"Posted: 25 November, 2015",all,LimblessNick,"Both this game, and the first one, are amazing."
,Recommended,208580,19025665,"Posted: 11 November, 2015",all,Local Asshole,"I really loved this game and the first one that started it all, and I have always hoped for a third installment, and it would be nice to see it through modern and enhanced graphics. I love Knights of the Old Republic and I hope they continue this series of games because it was literally my life at a certain point in my childhood, and when I found out it was on Steam, I screamed with joy."
,Recommended,208580,18999116,"Posted: 10 November, 2015",all,Rider on the Storm,"Best Star Wars Game, dark heroic epic about suffering and how it brings people together (like in planescape torment) 9.8/10"
76561198089299791,Recommended,208580,18743818,"Posted: 29 October, 2015",all,Marxist,"Besides becoming heavly involved in KOTOR, MMO, this is a great subsitute. The grafics are to be desired, as well as cut scenes. The story line and character building is excilent."
76561198170234257,Recommended,208580,18737085,"Posted: 28 October, 2015",all,AlexCon15,"I literally cant say enough about this game. It was my childhood and I constantly come back for more. I just read a bunch of the comments and instead of reiterating all of the amazing stuff everyone has already said, all i need to say is... ditto. Here's lookin to KOTOR 3!"
76561198136864992,Recommended,208580,18735258,"Posted: 28 October, 2015",all,Plutia Princess of Cuteness,Very good star wars even tho it is an old one it is still a must to buy
,Recommended,208580,18796651,"Posted: 31 October, 2015",all,Rai,"Recommended,Deep, enjoyable, great story.It is fine as it is, but great with the restoration mod content.Nice add the new improved version."
76561198057210206,Recommended,208580,19009876,"Posted: 11 November, 2015",all,Twitch.tv/elSphinctero,This game is so damn great
,Recommended,208580,18980274,"Posted: 9 November, 2015",all,animosityiskey,"In my honest opinion, this game isn't as impressive as KotOR 1, but it is nonetheless an amazing game that should be experienced by anyone who likes Star Wars or RPGs.8/10 - Great."
76561198033197760,Recommended,208580,18944614,"Posted: 7 November, 2015",all,zarkomania87,This is stil a great game. I can play it for hours and have fun the whole time10/10 would play this over and over and over againd
,Recommended,208580,30609143,Posted: 19 March,all,eyekyu313,It takes a while to understand what's going on but once you do it becomes A lot nord enjoyable
76561198043894440,Recommended,208580,19042719,"Posted: 12 November, 2015",all,Vic the Butcher,"I was so glad to relive this game again! I hadn't played it since my first year of high school. Runs great, feels great!"
,Recommended,208580,8643514,"Posted: 9 January, 2014",all,King Roanoke,Just a great classic game. If you liked Dragon Age: Origins you'll love this!
76561198100030283,Recommended,208580,8631288,"Posted: 9 January, 2014",all,Arashii,An Oldie but a goodie for all you Star wars fans young and old you can't go past the KotOR series
,Recommended,208580,9073871,"Posted: 12 February, 2014",all,Gooby,Great Game Play It Or DIe!
76561198006563976,Recommended,208580,9089978,"Posted: 13 February, 2014",all,saphira5149,"Very good sequel, make sure to check out the Restored Content Mod to make it even better."
,Recommended,208580,9093626,"Posted: 13 February, 2014",all,NotCobraCommander,BEST GAME EVER : D
76561198044587210,Recommended,208580,9097370,"Posted: 13 February, 2014",all,Monramennoodles,good stuff
76561198029237487,Recommended,208580,9100501,"Posted: 14 February, 2014",all,riddlep,HK  .. What more can I say
76561198094784080,Recommended,208580,9679344,"Posted: 30 March, 2014",all,Redding,Simply amazing. As it is kinda unfinished I recommend getting the restored content mod :) have fun out there be you jedi or sith
,Recommended,208580,1919782,"Posted: 26 December, 2012",all,Cap'n Strawhair,Sequel to the best RPG EVAR!
76561198051888581,Recommended,208580,9503317,"Posted: 16 March, 2014",all,Half-Eaten Go-gurt Tube,Great game! One of my favourites.
76561198017333334,Recommended,208580,9435342,"Posted: 11 March, 2014",all,gundamvirsago,"Hello:i remember this game is a good one from Xbox era. Also came to PC at that time. I had problems to play this game witH Windows 8, now I upgraded to Windows 8.1 and the game works without any problems . If you like RPG's and dont care about old graphics this is a must have."
76561198055670798,Recommended,208580,9437054,"Posted: 12 March, 2014",all,Don't do the drugs.,"I have to play windowed for some reason but it's fun. I wish I didn't have to play windowed but if this is how I must live my life, then so be it."
76561198031834434,Recommended,208580,4086893,"Posted: 5 September, 2012",all,TheIronGod,"Bioware makes great RPG's, and Obsidian makes them better. This is a game where what you choose to say to someone, and how you develop your character, are as important as the combat. The Force is strong with this game."
76561197978654418,Recommended,208580,797936,"Posted: 20 July, 2013",all,tekdz,"Load of crap, KOTOR1 beats this hands down"
,Recommended,208580,4291820,"Posted: 13 June, 2013",all,TK-420,"If you like video games, this ones for you =D"
76561197972557951,Recommended,208580,591388,"Posted: 25 November, 2012",all,JackWhite84,This game works not as epic story as the first but if u like star wars u at least play this through
76561198082461028,Recommended,208580,9406157,"Posted: 9 March, 2014",all,Foil_fencer,"Star Wars Knigts of the Old Republic II.....Although I still like the first one more, (not by much) I would recoment this game to anyone!  It has good plot, continueing from the first game. And it is as much fun to play as the first.Pros--Great Characters, not as good as the first one, *cough*HK-74cough* but still some funny and serious moments with each caracter.-Gameplay, although it has its differences from the traditional RPG, this game is still like most of them and is very interactive with many different choices and paths.  Just as a fair warning THIS GAME IS VERY DIALOG HEAVY!  I tend to like the back story and getting to know the charcters more in depth.  This game delivers that for me, so in short this game may not be for anyone.-Bugs? No, I have not encoutered any bugs, in this game...Execpt for the one time an enemy fell through the floor... but that was only once and had no real effect on the game.  So in my experience, no game breaking glitches or bugs.-Story, as mentioned before this game has TONS of story in it, You can spend hours and hours just talking to the people in the cities and planets.  again this game is very dialog heavy,-Graphics, I was trying to decide weather or not to put this in pros or cons, and i went pros.  Although the graphics of this game have not aged very well, for their time period they were pretty good.  And although they have not aged to well, they still look pretty good at least to me.-Price, Ok this is a no brainer, 10 bucks for atleast a 10 hour game, with a ton of replayability, this game is totally worth the money.-Custimization, I know that that is increadably standerd for most RPG's but this game offers a lot of custization, from Light side to Dark side, your lightsaber, missions, dialog, and equipment.Cons-Although this is a great game, there has yet to be a perfect game for me, (although, earthbound, SW Republic commando, and The last of us come close,)-Unpolished, a lot of people say that this game is ""unfinished""  If you mean that there is no sequel then yes it is, but if you are refereing to the game its self then I would not go that far.  This game is by all means ""finished""  however it is not ""polished""  there are many areas that they could have touched up on, from dialog, story, and graphics.  Although these are all unpolished, these are still no excuse for not buying the game.So all in all I would give this game a 9/10, you need to be a RPG and star wars fan to understand a lot of the game and know how to play well.  And just as one final warning, Dialog Heavy, this game is not for everyone, especialy if you are looking for a game you can play for an hour a week.But still this is one of the best games I have ever played, and definatly in my top 10 list."
,Recommended,208580,2802424,"Posted: 23 August, 2012",all,reth,its finally on steam..
,Recommended,208580,9743748,"Posted: 6 April, 2014",all,Rurik,It's an old game but better than a lot of newer ones. Many things implemented in this game and the firs one have carried over well in to games like Mass Effect.
,Recommended,208580,4533344,"Posted: 29 December, 2012",all,fatal,"Many regard KOTOR II as the rushed, poorly constructed, unpolished sequel to one of the greatest games of all time...I have to disagress.First, I do have to admit that KOTOR II is not as well construced as the first game. There are some serious glitches, and the ending is a tad rushed. So maybe I agree with that category, but the game shines in differenet areas than its predicessor. The first game feels like any ground breaking game should; new, different, and memorable. The plot twist really defined the game. However, the original KOTOR feels too much like a Disney movie for me. Everything is so ""happy go lucky."" Nobody important dies, and the lets be honest, the ending is SOOOOOOO expected.Not with KOTOR II, however. This game creates a dark and deep atmosphere that keeps the player thinking the whole time. Kriea is not your typical mentor. She is both dark and light, warm and cold. This adds much more depth to the second game than the first, which is where in my opinion it shines."
76561198070086267,Recommended,208580,10910773,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,Wertell12,One of the greatest RPGs out there in my opinion. Download the Restored content mod to add in the parts of the game that were not put in due to a rush in production.
76561198097176394,Recommended,208580,10080806,"Posted: 11 May, 2014",all,MeteoCypher,"I added a few mods that greatly enhance the gameplay. Such as adding Yoda, the main boss as a character, a few graphical mods, etc, etc. I am posting my playthrough on Youtube under ModPlaythruChannel. Feel free to take a look at the game before buying. In all honesty. I enjoyed the first one so much I knew I'd finish this one. The actual release was somewhat of a let down but the mods make up for it. Hope this helps."
76561198120639768,Recommended,208580,30470800,Posted: 12 March,all,Will_of_El,"12 years later, still my favorite game of all time. Still learning new things, discovering new dialogue, finding more content. Love this game. It's a barely tapped creative diamond mine. You know there's something special about a 10 y/o game getting a new patch + steam support out of the blue. If KotOR 1 & 2 were made into films they would probably surpass the originals in popularity one day."
,Recommended,208580,12396437,"Posted: 6 October, 2014",all,Falkus,"Incredibly fun. Poured hundreds of hours into it before it showed up on Steam. Went through it again with the Restoration Project installed.In short: It's still a great game, the restoration project fixes a lot of broken quests and dialogue options. But stay far away from the Droid planet. No, seriously. If you have a way of skipping it, do it. It's enough frustration to make you want to kill someone."
76561198029248701,Recommended,208580,17080437,"Posted: 16 July, 2015",all,EMOJI0509,One of my favourites.  Extremely engrossing and smartly written.
,Recommended,208580,1274676,"Posted: 3 January, 2013",all,InvalidPointer,WHAT CAN CHANGE THE NATURE OF A MAN?whoops♥♥♥♥♥♥wrong game :(
,Recommended,208580,16936704,"Posted: 7 July, 2015",all,GoddamnedZubat,"Very fun game. Definitely dated graphics and strange controls at certain points, but all around a game that is fun to play despite its age and certainly is great if you enjoy RPG's and the StarWars Universe."
76561198103150250,Not Recommended,208580,11121909,"Posted: 7 July, 2014",all,Sinairio,"they need to take this off steam, ive tried to download the restoration mod and i made less progress than when i played the game without it"
76561197975131944,Recommended,208580,15906311,"Posted: 19 May, 2015",all,MikeDaBallinPimp,This is one of the best Star Wars games there is. Great RPG! Beat this back in the day then bought it on steam so i could play the player restored content and mods. Excellent Game 10/10Edit: They just updated this game to be controller compatible and have steamworks. I have read now all the player restored content can be added through steamworks. SCHWING!
76561198103815233,Recommended,208580,17406399,"Posted: 5 August, 2015",all,MrEpic2451817,One of the best Star Wars games out there.
,Recommended,208580,17232905,"Posted: 26 July, 2015",all,ryancade1,"Wow the fact that this now runs great and in widescreen is like a full hd redo it is so good one of my all time picks for best rpg no kidding better then the first and that game is crazy legend,"
76561198042013844,Recommended,208580,17234009,"Posted: 26 July, 2015",all,wowralenalexander,Awesome. It was great to play this game again after some amount of years. The story is great and the character customizations are fantastic. I really wish there would be controller support for Kotor 1. Controller support made Kotor 2 a blast to play and is more convenient for a console guy like me.
,Recommended,208580,17236976,"Posted: 26 July, 2015",all,Sheepdog McFry,"Probably the best game I've played with the restored content MOD. 100% would recommend. Minus the ending, this game is one of the deepest games I have ever played, and really makes you think about the choices that you make."
76561198151992073,Recommended,208580,17239418,"Posted: 26 July, 2015",all,Pajakus,Best game ever!!!!!!!!!!
,Recommended,208580,17240637,"Posted: 26 July, 2015",all,Bear is Driving,A patch out of nowhere! This is tremendous! More superlatives!I haven't played it since it launched on the Xbox but I'm all in on this. And steamworkshop support for mods! This is the best unexpected surprise of the year.
,Recommended,208580,829277,"Posted: 31 August, 2012",all,Black,Become a Jedi Master or a Sith Lord.  Be the worlds greatest hero or villain.  This is your game.   And shiiiitt fo 9.99 ♥♥♥♥♥ what a steal.
,Recommended,208580,8715819,"Posted: 15 January, 2014",all,Jp,"Brilliant improvement from the 1st game, and a very good sequal. Cant fault it in anyway."
76561198072166278,Recommended,208580,8716801,"Posted: 15 January, 2014",all,Lost Mercenary,"Honestly enjoyed this sequel a lot more than the original. Great new characters (and some old faves), brilliant story and some great editions to gameplay. Playing it with the Conetnt Mod makes this game a must own for any fan of Star Wars."
,Recommended,208580,5579779,"Posted: 24 August, 2012",all,Laluzi,"This isn't a new game, not by any means. I played it on the XBox when it first came out. And I played it to death. The fact that I'm purchasing it again, two years after the disk was lost, should say something, because I spent a lot of summer vacations and school nights home playing through this game. I loved the characters, the directions you could take them... Atton's banter, Mira's banter, Kreia's 'why can't I just jettison you into space' wtfery... okay, so I don't love her, but nobody does anyway.KOTOR 1 may hve had a better plotline - you feel like a more integral part of it - but I say KOTOR 2 has it beat in every other aspect. Especially immersion."
76561197986731719,Recommended,208580,8721176,"Posted: 15 January, 2014",all,Mr. Tex,"Better sequel than ""THE OLD REPUBLIC"". Reason: no requirement to use that god awful Origin Service."
76561198039232301,Recommended,208580,8762007,"Posted: 18 January, 2014",all,Keyes,"One of the greatest star wars games ever created. It has a great story line to follow, while keeping people entertained. It's recomended that you download the Restored Content Mod for the game as it fixes alot of bugs, and adds a lot of stuff."
76561198116835383,Recommended,208580,8442907,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,OminousBadger,Can't stop playing.
,Recommended,208580,1537753,"Posted: 14 January, 2013",all,[AoK] Bossgalka,More ♥♥♥♥ing glitches than Bill Gates got riches. Not as good as the first one anyway.
76561197969774944,Recommended,208580,8804161,"Posted: 21 January, 2014",all,Synge,Download the TSLCRM (the mod that restores content) and completely reenjoy this game.  simply put - its awesome.  like a totally different game almost.  Also...make sure you get 1080p working (or bad)10/10 will play again.darkside or gtfo
,Recommended,208580,8814896,"Posted: 22 January, 2014",all,TheTwoGunKid,"One of the first RPG's I've ever played. Creepy, atmospheric, and some of the best writing to come out of video games. Has one of the greatest characters in video game history and in my opinion, better than the first one."
,Recommended,208580,8816119,"Posted: 22 January, 2014",all,Kaiser Klein,"With the patch, this game is surprisingly great for a sequel. However, only with the patch HINT HINT"
,Recommended,208580,8827223,"Posted: 23 January, 2014",all,Vesper,Ending weak but a most play
76561198006719644,Recommended,208580,8569652,"Posted: 5 January, 2014",all,CVsniper,BEST. GAME. EVER.
76561198035814076,Recommended,208580,8558136,"Posted: 4 January, 2014",all,AdenKad,"Old but still amazing, wish they'd continue the series and get rid of SWTOR online."
,Recommended,208580,17288376,"Posted: 29 July, 2015",all,Gaster,BEST STAR WARS game ever.
,Not Recommended,208580,16730560,"Posted: 26 June, 2015",all,starjammer42,"Can anyone get this game to work? I meet the system requirements, and have tried everything I can think of and everything everyone else can think of, but it won't even start up."
76561197982949100,Recommended,208580,953651,"Posted: 17 July, 2013",all,Decay,"Extraordinary game! Taking place a few years after the original, this game has the player in the role of a jedi exile. As you unravel the past, present, and future of your character, you experience a grand adventure with a handsome plethora of companions who will aide you on the adventure. Great length, great price, lots to explore and discover. The ending may lack some polish, but everything else leading to that moment is pure epicness. 9.0 out of 10!"
,Recommended,208580,16734139,"Posted: 26 June, 2015",all,DJ Sandals,"Not as well constructed as the first one (sidequests a bit disorganised and overwhelming at times, no J. Soule doing the music, environments not quite as aesthetically pleasing), but definitely enjoyable and more thought provoking.  Play them both :)"
,Recommended,208580,16772219,"Posted: 28 June, 2015",all,BlackwaterJack,Cant believe ive found a way to play again!
76561198200776598,Recommended,208580,16701305,"Posted: 25 June, 2015",all,MacK Van Damage,"Heard lots about this RPG. So far, the reviews haven't let me down. I had one of these games for XBOX which would freeze after the first 5 minutes of playing. So feels good to actually get some time in. Recommended."
,Recommended,208580,9101837,"Posted: 14 February, 2014",all,Matt Freeman hellcase.com,Great game 7/10 seems as a great game but its storyline is worse than the storyline of the first one though the endings are less similliar this time ( well i think ) and also pretty interesting though there are glitches such as not being able to finish the game ( rare glitch ) and such as getting stuck sometimesGot to say its a great game even though it still has glitches but it continues the storyline smilliarly because its a lot of years into the future but its quite a good game storyline is pretty good though there are some other glitches for quests so be careful while choosing
76561198055595227,Recommended,208580,16708464,"Posted: 25 June, 2015",all,Mediocre Pleb,Great Game. Worth at least 2 play throughs.
76561198103676988,Recommended,208580,7474935,"Posted: 25 October, 2013",all,Royal-Infidel,solid game more indepth than kotor 1 but less polished
,Recommended,208580,17443726,"Posted: 8 August, 2015",all,scrappy doo is a dilf,"One of my favorite games of all time. I started playing this back when it was on the first Xbox and I was completely hooked. An already amazing RPG was further improved by the implementation of acheivements. Gameplay is great, every choice you make affects how the game turns out and what characters cross your path. Worth every penny."
,Recommended,208580,17445600,"Posted: 8 August, 2015",all,alexolani,yes
76561198108668989,Recommended,208580,17447662,"Posted: 8 August, 2015",all,Grim,I love this game to death.To everyone that's going to purchase it please download the Restored content mod from the workshop for a better Kotor 2 experience.10/10
76561198007411681,Recommended,208580,17087778,"Posted: 16 July, 2015",all,Psychoholic,Works fine on windows 8 now. Fun game.
76561198090694293,Recommended,208580,11683430,"Posted: 12 August, 2014",all,PhoneySpring646,Best RPG ever.
,Recommended,208580,17431031,"Posted: 7 August, 2015",all,Melisandre,"A game from my childhood, and it is still fun to play. Now that it got a huge update; it has achievements and mod support. The mod support allows the use of the Restored Content mod - you should not play the game without it. It adds back in all the cut story content from the game and also fixes all (at least from my experience) bugs."
76561198058034222,Recommended,208580,17335401,"Posted: 1 August, 2015",all,{cNc}BunnyGod,"MUST PLAY!! Come one... it's FREAKING Star Wars.... Make a light saber... join the light or the dark side... I thought the ending could have been better but I'm sure it all has something to do with what anal fans consider cannon and non-cannon... but as I said... Shut up!!! It's STAR WARS!!Multiple paths, Romance kinda, Handmaiden practices in her underwear.... 'nuff said."
76561197978671843,Recommended,208580,17336163,"Posted: 1 August, 2015",all,My,"Played this game on Xbox when it first came out and loved it. Bought it for PC a long time ago and have countless hours on it. Bought it again on Steam because I love the series so much. For those that think this game is stupid, this is the story of Meetra Surik and her quest to find Revan and assist him which leads into the story of Star Wars: The Old Republic. I recommend you play this and then read the book."
76561198013299781,Recommended,208580,17336214,"Posted: 1 August, 2015",all,Quigon850,Old but still fun as hell!!!Any RPG and Star Wars fan should have finished the two KOTOR games at least once.
,Recommended,208580,17336710,"Posted: 1 August, 2015",all,denhuang89,"This game's a satisfactory sequel to the original KOTOR, but I felt the original one was much better. Even with the TSLRCM mod installed, there were still many bugs and glitches that were frustrating to play through. There were times I had to reload an earlier save to avoid a bug, and sometimes that didn't even work. Also, this game was rushed during its original development, so the story did feel rushed and left some unanswered questions.That being said, I still enjoyed playing the game. The story, although not very developed, was still interesting and I couldn't stop playing to see what would happen next. Just like the previous game, the game offers different options that lead you to either the light or dark side. Companions in this game have a factor called ""influence"", which is determined by whether they like or dislike your actions in the game.I just hope there will be a KOTOR III in the not to distant future. Until then, this game will have to do."
76561197963219000,Recommended,208580,17173511,"Posted: 22 July, 2015",all,axe,best star wars game
76561198035353958,Recommended,208580,17176681,"Posted: 22 July, 2015",all,fleenots,Now that TSLRCM is on the KOTOR2 is just One of the best RPG of all the time and now for mac and linux YAY
76561198040571860,Recommended,208580,17177770,"Posted: 22 July, 2015",all,**Super_Fly**,The new update is AMAZING!!  I can use my Xbox 360 controller now and it looks great on my widescreen with maxed out resolution.  Great Job!!!!!!
,Recommended,208580,17178598,"Posted: 22 July, 2015",all,Ravenheart,"It's very buggy on Linux, but the story and dialog make up for it. Graphics and game mechanics are hard to judge, since this game is 10 years old.Generally I'd reccomend this for any fan of Star Wars and/or RPGs."
,Recommended,208580,17179136,"Posted: 22 July, 2015",all,Killlasaur,"KOTOR 2 is just one of those games that you have to play at least once. Its story is great, gameplay is alright if you like RPGs that are turn based, and the atmosphere and music are great. Now if you do play this game, you're going to need TSLRCM. Which is in the workshop. One of the best RPGs I've played ever."
,Recommended,208580,17180334,"Posted: 22 July, 2015",all,wzrd,One the best RPGs ever created AND in the Star Wars universe. Playing it again even now. Make sure to get the Restored Content mod with it.
76561198108751252,Recommended,208580,17180725,"Posted: 22 July, 2015",all,The Governor,Best. Game. EVAR!!
76561198041309466,Recommended,208580,17181080,"Posted: 22 July, 2015",all,Fred Boulderdash,"I have spent a good amount of my free time during my childhood playing this game on disc. Dark side, Light side, neutral, every time I play it's a new experience and I always find something new (mainly because I don't use guides) The only thing I have thought this game lacked was one thing: the fact that Brianna (Handmaiden) and Mical (Disciple) are mutally exclusive to your character depending on the gender you choose. I would LOVE if someone could make a mod that allowed you to have both characters, since they both have so much potential."
76561197971161656,Recommended,208580,17184276,"Posted: 23 July, 2015",all,EvilGamer,"Couldn't find it again for my xbox, so bought it on steam, best decision ever."
,Recommended,208580,17185440,"Posted: 23 July, 2015",all,DanOnGames,"Yesterday, I read on heise.de of the update that allows to rum the game also on the Mac and Linux. So, I downloaded the game to my MBP 13"" Retina - and got positively surprised. Not only that I can play the game fluffily in native Retina resolution, the game looks great - even ten years after initial release.thanks to the guys who made this possible :)"
76561198136848975,Recommended,208580,17037688,"Posted: 13 July, 2015",all,Crassus Parnax,Great story in the Star Wars Expanded Universe!
,Recommended,208580,17206344,"Posted: 24 July, 2015",all,blmloz,"Bought this a few days ago because of the ""update"".There's not much to say about the game, it's 10 years old. The main reason I bought it again recently was because it was supposed to support 4K resolutions.Well, it doesn't, at least in the Windows build. 4K/5K resolutions are ONLY supported in the Mac version, which I should have guessed given Aspyr is a mac porter. I've verified this with my 13"" rMPB. I don't know who's screw up it was not to specify this but it feels decieving.I hesitate to give it a 'no' given the content *is* there, just, the best reason to buy it is Mac only."
,Recommended,208580,17208072,"Posted: 24 July, 2015",all,Castlehoff,"EASILY Brings you back to your years playing it on xbox, good remake glad it came to mac after all these years"
76561198042900808,Recommended,208580,4888252,"Posted: 9 December, 2012",all,n898,"Get the Restored Content Mod before you do anything else, otherwise you'll miss out on about 40% of the content Obsidian put in the game.http://www.moddb.com/mods/the-sith-lords-restored-content-mod-tslrcmAnd make sure to set the game to not automatically check for updates, otherwise it will erase the mod."
76561198172531726,Recommended,208580,17211277,"Posted: 24 July, 2015",all,swifthammer422,alsome get resored content mod on steam workshop
76561198160991881,Recommended,208580,17212136,"Posted: 24 July, 2015",all,Ominous Jellyfish,"With the July 2015 this game go's to an absoultly must play. As someone who has played and finished  the original KOTOR numerous times- I always wished i could have enjoyed KOTOR 2 as much as the original. That is now possible with Workshop support and the ""Restoration Mod"" and ""HK factory/planet""- This game is a must play will all the added cut content and bug fixes. I've waited over a decade to play this game the way it was intended and have enjoyed every second of it since starting. It's a great trip down memory lane with a story and game that has aged well with the years.Play this game- Enjoy it, Choose your path."
,Recommended,208580,17212214,"Posted: 24 July, 2015",all,SirSynx,"Easily one of my top 3 games of all time, would recommend over many games released in the last 10 years since this games release. Especially after the free update to make this ten year old title run well on modern machines :)"
,Recommended,208580,17212259,"Posted: 24 July, 2015",all,Beegs,"Great game from the past, updated for the present!  I am still amazed that they even bothered to do such an update ten years after the games release.  Thank you Disney.  They have done a fantastic job adding new features such as workshop support, new resolutions, widescreen support, and achievements.  Other than the new stuff, the game itself is great as it has always been.  Hopefully they will update the first kotor!"
,Recommended,208580,17213391,"Posted: 24 July, 2015",all,KingStoneTootsie,"This is one of my personal favorite RPGs in my list, on console. Until they added the update, now you can use a controller, it's still a bit quirky but it beats keyboard and mouse however after playing about an hour, i create a little system that is a bit complex to type but extremely easy to understand. KOTOR 1 should get a similar update and fixes as there is still major bugs that kinda kills the game for me, not like this games doesn't. I've noticed that after a while of playing (an hour and a half or 2) the cutscene seems to run way faster then it should and so skips entirely. just quick save, restart the game and you're good to go."
76561198120227276,Recommended,208580,17267336,"Posted: 28 July, 2015",all,Ragnarr,This is the best game ever made and I cannot wait to play it with the Restored Content Mod.
,Recommended,208580,13739319,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,Jesus on Wheels,"Definitely play this with the restored content mod. It adds a little more substance to the ending and some additional dialogues throughout the game. Be warned though that there is an entire planet that was originally scrapped that you will need to play through to progress. Although the dialogue and story are neat, the game play for this area is very dull and will leave you running back and forth randomly.Despite that, you need to play this game if you have not. Forget the glitches - you don't play these games because you care about every fine detail. The story alone makes this a must play."
76561197987082336,Recommended,208580,1115823,"Posted: 16 March, 2013",all,Darth Kvasir,"Star Wars Knights of the Old Republic II is my favorite game.This is a RPG set in the expanded Star Wars universe. You take on the role of an exile of the Jedi order, who is thrust into a conflict in which you choose your own ending. Set off on an amazing journey around a fantasy universe with your compainions to end the conflict and find out who you are.This RPG has an amazing story paired with amazing Gameplay, a must play for Star Wars & RPG fans alike. 60 hours of gamplay.10/10"
,Recommended,208580,1038870,"Posted: 22 March, 2013",all,Zealot,"Take the tradional Star Wars forumula. Black and white characters, the combination of blasters, light sabers, the force, and various other technological wonders.And then scrap the black and white component. Or hell, combine them and make grey.Meet KOTOR 2. Arguably one of the best RPGs I have played to this date, and with a fantastic universe backing it. The original KOTOR was an exceptional game (and they're very much alike) but it fell into the traditional Star Wars cliche which I mentioned in the first sentence. What Obsidian has done with this game is nothing short of a marvel, and they've managed to create a fantastic game absolutely loaded with character development, information to read and learn about, and a fantastic journey.Characters are anything but one dimensional, often having hidden motives that cannot be deciphered until it is too late. The counter to this is how characters are developed, and the player is presented with many opportunities in which to learn more about his or her companions, even right down to their innermost secrets. Interactions aren't purely about the player themself, but also from character to character. Different combinations have their own interacting dialogue whether it be between each other, or to various people you meet along the way. Certain characters can be convinced to take up a different view point if you are successful in persuading them, and change drastically in their behaviour as a result. If you play through this game without getting to know your party, you're missing one of the largest aspects about it. Characters are believable, and aside from the rather static way dialogue is done - almost real.Your choices throughout the story have a huge impacts later on, sometimes even completely changing how a certain section plays out. This leaves room not only for replayability, but for a sense of intrigue. Consider your actions carefully, because they might just come back to bite you in the♥♥♥♥♥- unless that's what you'd like. Enjoy the game as you cover large portions of the Star Wars universe, exploring many strange and foreign worlds in your galactic quests to discover what exactly happened after the original story in KOTOR.Do yourself a favour and pick this up (along with the content restoration mod, google it - get it). You won't regret it. It is solid as a standalone game, but enhanced if you decide to pick up the first game in the series and play through it. A lot of subtleties will be otherwise missed, and you won't be as involved without doing so."
76561197994405912,Recommended,208580,13770253,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,Wintery,"This game is an absolute classic, and there are dozens of great reviews out there that highlight the highs (the voice acting, the combat system, the powers) and the lows (the storyline becoming more or less nonsensical halfway through, the bugs) and I don't see a reason to retread all of that.It's a game you need to play because it's considered a definitive genre standard.  If you've ever wondered ""do I like action RPGs?"" well play this and you'll know.If there was a Critereon Collection for video games, this would be on it.  In the dictionary, under ""Bioware-style RPG"" there would be a picture of it.Just make sure to install the fan-made bugfix patch.  This thing was made by Obsidian, after all."
76561197998318213,Recommended,208580,13678508,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,wyattxbox360,fun for a while
,Recommended,208580,13680543,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,Spectral Apple,"Great graphics, for an older game. Wish there was a workshop to add more to the game."
76561198165814959,Recommended,208580,13681398,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,thatkinsworthykid,"Played the first Star wars KOTR for the original xbox and it was really fun, found out they had made a second one so I decided, why not?  This one picked up ~10 years after the first one ended and starts you off about the same way as the first so everything came back quite quicky.  You choose whether to be light, dark, or gray side and the way you play youre game and who you kill (or not kill) either really helps you or bites you in the rear end later.  Pretty expansive game, lots of stuff to do, and a great way to kill time.  The only complaints I have are sometimes your save gets corrupted and wont load so you have to go back to another save (which could set you back5 min or 5 hours), at a point somethings do get repetative,  and sometimes the sound doesnt work but will load when you enter another area.  All in all, it's a really fun game, already working on my second run through.  A good run will probably take you 30-40 hours"
76561198013481500,Recommended,208580,13663973,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,Soki [SVK] KZD,"Best Star wars RPG ever, even better than Kotor 1 100/10"
,Recommended,208580,13124933,"Posted: 28 November, 2014",all,DannyBoy2k,"The Restored Content Mod fix my runtime and bug issues, game runs great go get the mod if your having issues."
76561198064654416,Recommended,208580,13714797,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,lin-chong,"I enjoyed the game, despite annoying and recurring bugs.+ A great, mature storyline (which is rare in the Star Wars universe)+ Great characters (HK47 has the best lines ever!)+ Good gameplay and amazing fight scenes (exactly like KOTOR 1)- Though I played with the restored content mod, there were still a lot of bugs (dialog auto-skipping, instant auto-running...)- The IA was awful, both in the ennemies, your companions and your own character.- If you mess up your character build, some fights are VERY difficult; and playing as a force user is much easier than playing as a melee character.- No prestige class for neutral characters.- The storyline can get confusing, since some parts only unlock if you have enough influence with a character.If you liked KOTOR 1, you'll probably enjoy this one too. Be warned, however, that it is darker in tone and that the story is less straightforward."
,Recommended,208580,13600699,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,Draegonite,"Fantastic game, can and should be replayed occasionally, actually fun to replay because of how many different choices you can make throughout the game. A mix between Mass Effect and D&D somewhat(Closer to D&D)."
,Recommended,208580,13603321,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,Cпецназ группа A,"This game is a perfect followup to KOTOR, if you played both of these games you will know why every other star wars game after these sucked a fatty (TOR hint hint)  ;)"
76561198025014516,Recommended,208580,13583923,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,EpicIceMan,"One of the best RPGs out there that truly tops the oringal KOTOR that was made by Bioware. Instead of focusing on a large scale good vs evil battle, KOTOR II focuses on a more personal secret battle waged across the galaxy against the last reminents of the Jedi and Sith. The game also delves deep into what it truly means to be a jedi or a sith and the nature of the force itself that has never been explored as fully in other Star Wars games, books or films. This is what makes it truly stand out and a must play for Star Wars fans!"
76561198059330260,Not Recommended,208580,14473600,"Posted: 14 February, 2015",all,Kit Cassidy,"First of all, I DO recommend this game. It is an awesome game. The problem with it is that I still have the version for the original xbox and it works better than this one. The biggest problem is that my saves continuously become corrupted and then the smaller details like the fact that there is no controller support despite the original game using a controller; the game is good but these little details make it seem that they put little effort in moving it over and I can't respect that."
76561197999063319,Recommended,208580,14474590,"Posted: 14 February, 2015",all,汉堡包盒,its good
,Recommended,208580,7137092,"Posted: 29 April, 2013",all,P-body,Lives up to the expectations of the first.
,Recommended,208580,14590087,"Posted: 21 February, 2015",all,Riot,Awesome game! Really fun! Good story line!Character creation a bit flat and final level bit hard but thats ok :)
76561198121607966,Recommended,208580,14590531,"Posted: 22 February, 2015",all,Orange Juice Powder,"I recieved Star Wars Knights of the Old Rebublic (1) as a free Bday gift from a nice man in a computer store where my mother had just bought a new PC. I was 8/9 at the time and that game consumed me for more hours than i thought possible. I had at least 5 charecters all at max level and was... well I was a proper KOTOR nerd. Years went by and I forgot the clunkyness and stiff charecter animations, looking through nostalgia tinted lenses :p thats why when KOTOR 2 appeared on my recomended games I instantly bought it, ready to imerse myself in the universe. I was thoroughly dissapointed.As soon as I began a new game it was apparent just how old this game is. Static charecters in cutscenes, frequent crashes and dodgey as hell controls. But I decided to push through it for my childhoods sake. The introduction section takes place on a mineing facility and unlike the first KOTOR u are rather restricted in your actions as to where u can go after u finish this first area (which is considerably longer, slugish and more boring than its counterpart). It is after I completed these begining worlds/quests that it dawned on. This game is fantastic! Once i decided to not be a cinical, self entitled gamer I began to look past all the games flaws (which primarly come from its age AND its rushed digital release) that I was once again sucked into the Star Wars universe. The dialouge options and skill trees (or 'feat' trees) the party members u can aquire throughout the game and the new influence system are all so detailed and thought out. The worlds are varried and look nice and there are plenty of quests to keep you entertained.Unfortunatly because of the digital release the game lost many features, such as items, quests and even entire areas but with the help of the dedicated community u can download the restored content pack and most issues go away, although I still crash every so oftern :'( so my biggest pro tip is SAVE SAVE and SAVE again.KOTOR 2 is without doubt one of the greatest RPGs of all time, is it better than the first? thats a matter of personal oppinion but I will tell you that this game will immerse and entertain you for upwards of 50 hours if not more.10/10 would recomend"
,Recommended,208580,14630232,"Posted: 23 February, 2015",all,Cat Daddy,Not much different than the first game but the cut content mod brings back the replay value in it. Characters are pretty well developed and fun to interact with while playing the game. Quests are same old find this or kill that but other than that the game itself is fun to explore around the Star Wars universe in.
76561197972379739,Recommended,208580,14603430,"Posted: 22 February, 2015",all,Plasma_R,"A little dated, but still an excellent game. Varied and takes a long time to complete.You may encounter some bugs though. But there's a good mod which fixes a lot of these and reinstates sections of the game that were cut out before release (it adds quite a bit of new content)."
76561198127444857,Recommended,208580,17225589,"Posted: 25 July, 2015",all,Delveron,There is a ton of bugs ! fix this please !
,Recommended,208580,17225791,"Posted: 25 July, 2015",all,Ankhgaming,Game released in 2005 recieves an incredible update in 2015... One of the best Star Wars games ever released. I would highly recommend picking up KOTOR and KOTOR 2 if you have not played these games. If you are a bargain gamer you can just wait for the next steam sale as these games are always $2.50 -$5.00 when steam sales roll around.
76561197985534090,Recommended,208580,17227987,"Posted: 25 July, 2015",all,Littmann,"They don't make games like this anymore.  Actually, they never did, as this was forced out the door before it was ready all those years ago. But now the unfinished masterpiece has been finished, and it's better than ever, and almost any RPG released in the last few years.The graphics are crude by today's FPS standards, but work adequately for an RPG, especially with the resolution set to max.The characters are superb, and the game's strongest feature. Obsidian knows the best way of telling a story is via characters. The player character is not amnestic, but the surprises and story evolve via your opponents, those who travel with you, and those you pass on the way. They are portrayed in a believable fashion, and they respond to both events, and the action and conversation options you make.The story is good, and it has the added joys of being both Star Wars and high quality Star Wars. It's pace starts off a bit more methodical than some may like. But it starts good, and gets a lot better as it unfolds.If you play RPG's and enjoy sci-fiction, you owe it to yourself to give this game a try one afternoon. Superb value for money."
76561198010455259,Recommended,208580,17228256,"Posted: 25 July, 2015",all,MrBester2250,"Thanks for supporting Linux. Asome game, seems to work well."
76561198090648442,Recommended,208580,17228299,"Posted: 25 July, 2015",all,Cynical Doggie,Thank you.
,Recommended,208580,17062260,"Posted: 15 July, 2015",all,Junduvai,One of the best games I've ever played. Very few RPGs can make me come back to them like this one can. I've played the game several times and it's different every time I play. It asks some amazing questions of philosophy and morality. PLAY THIS GAME.
76561198174449135,Recommended,208580,17495146,"Posted: 11 August, 2015",all,darkdraco1988,It's a great game. I love how you can pick the side of the force you want to be on and it just doesn't affect only you but your allies as well. and the ability to use two lightsabers was an awesome idea
76561198045180897,Recommended,208580,17498351,"Posted: 11 August, 2015",all,Cockasaurus Rex,I give this game 11/5 stars.  Perfect Story. so much to do. Me love it.
76561198082944296,Recommended,208580,17499591,"Posted: 11 August, 2015",all,Koyomi Araragi,10/10 recomended
76561198135947199,Recommended,208580,17352152,"Posted: 2 August, 2015",all,Prem's Abortion,Great story
76561198011229882,Recommended,208580,17355885,"Posted: 2 August, 2015",all,ZanaLyrander,"I was a fan of both KOTOR one and two when they originally came out on the Xbox, and much like KOTOR one, this game makes the transition to PC/Mac fairly unscathed. The game is still fairly glitchy, but not so much so that it becomes unplayable, and rarely to any extent that can't be fixed by saving the game, quiting, and reloading, often a simply quicksave-quickload will fix most glitches. For the most part, if you enjoyed the first game, KOTOR II is overall a better game in terms of gameplay, though clearly lacking in polish towards the end of the game due to the game being rushed out.However, the PC/Mac version has the added benefit of access to mods, including the phenominal Restored Content Mod, availiable in the workshop free of charge. Prior to this mod, I would have been hard pressed to decide which game in the series was the superior game, but with the mod, KOTOR II cements its place in my mind as the better game. It is also incredibly satisfying to those who played the game when it first came out and were disappointed by the ending. The mod doesn't actually change that much, but the little character moments and dialogue it changes fills in a lot of the gaps in the story, and provides a far, far more satisfying last act to the game.All told, this game is most certainly worth the cost, either for fans of the series or those who never played it. Highly recommend."
,Recommended,208580,17358657,"Posted: 2 August, 2015",all,Illeva,"Classic! I love this game, not only because it's a Star Wars game (although it has a lot of weight) and now you can play it with achievement progress and good mods for even more gameplay! Love, love, love it!!"
76561198114584979,Recommended,208580,17359008,"Posted: 2 August, 2015",all,Moonknight,"If you can get this run on Windows 7 or its predecessor, I salute you. I have tried everything short of reformat or recovery since everything else works just fine.-Works fine on my Windows 8.1 laptop though."
76561198064372814,Recommended,208580,17359369,"Posted: 2 August, 2015",all,Severance,"I was a Jedi,Then I was a Sith,Then i was a Jedi again.The options are limitless!But seriously, a fantastic game that (if you ignore the ending) is beyond just fun.I have this game both on my PC and my 360 i love it that much!"
76561198122671502,Recommended,208580,17360859,"Posted: 2 August, 2015",all,darthrevan333,This game is absoulutly fantastic. It runs much better on PC then on Xbox. The recent update and price drop is really what sold it to me. I highly recommend getting the Restored Content Mod as it allows you to play the game as it was meant to be played. I love the story of this and it really kept me interested the entire time. I highly recommend this game to veterans or newbies alike
76561198007284211,Recommended,208580,2434240,"Posted: 23 August, 2012",all,Maroon,Nicht so gut wie der 1. aber trotzdem eines der besten RPGs
,Not Recommended,208580,3652132,"Posted: 9 March, 2013",all,PleaseExpectBear,I dont recommend this game for it crashes before i even get to the gameplay and im not the only one !
,Recommended,208580,16302108,"Posted: 10 June, 2015",all,Alticide,Great game. I'm saddened that I didn't discover it sooner.
,Recommended,208580,16322860,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,JamesRhodri,Awesome Game. Spend nearly 60 hours on Kotor and Kotor 2 combined
,Recommended,208580,16375246,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,andres.ag4,a
76561198165672229,Recommended,208580,16364052,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,llamawithhatz,This is one of the bet games i have ever played. I recommend you buy it.
76561198066917850,Recommended,208580,15665148,"Posted: 2 May, 2015",all,Kingboy D,"This is a good game, it's fun got a lot of stuff to do - many choices to make that change the course of the story.It's not without problems, and the biggest one is the cutscenes. Many are missing or have no sound, and I have no idea what is actually going on (I pieced it together but not til the end). People say you need a mod to fix this, but this just brings me back to one of the things I hate about steam - incomplete and broken games being sold. I think that is pure bull ♥♥♥♥ and in all honesty, I'm getting sick of it.The fact that you need to mod this game to get the full experience makes the price tag, no matter what it is, feel like a joke. Steam needs to address this with so many games and this, unfortunately, is another. It puts me off buying games here because I'm uncertain of the quality I'm going to get. It's turning into a flea market..."
76561198161756310,Not Recommended,208580,15670453,"Posted: 3 May, 2015",all,twisted_angelic_demon,"I love the game, minus one thing. I cannot progress from onderon.  every time i try to enter the cantina for the doctor quest it litterally shuts down the game."
76561198029903627,Recommended,208580,15680261,"Posted: 3 May, 2015",all,DaMuffler,
76561198080399361,Recommended,208580,15682899,"Posted: 4 May, 2015",all,deddog666,love this game still beats games today
,Recommended,208580,15683683,"Posted: 4 May, 2015",all,b3ntuL0,I played this game before but I kept coming to it because I really like the story of the Jedi & Siths in different points of view.
76561198051190291,Recommended,208580,11624298,"Posted: 9 August, 2014",all,Eremes,"Sadly this Kind of games don't exist anymore..This game all together is one of the greatest game ever made,together with Kotor 1"
,Recommended,208580,15468543,"Posted: 20 April, 2015",all,「Sgt. Birb」,"You have no idea how much I love this game. Everything about it is amazing, the Story, Atmosphere, Gameplay, and even the music. I may be guilty of donning the Nostalgia Shades here, but I would definitely recommend this to any Star Wars fan, whether you just watch the movies, or you know every aspect of the EU, this game is for you. This game also includes elements similar to Mass Effect, so if you like those games, check this one out!"
76561198155502132,Recommended,208580,15456429,"Posted: 19 April, 2015",all,DevilNightSpawn,"I've been playing this game for over 24 hours and i've finally finished it. This is one of the best rpg games i've ever played, The story is long and challenging and there is so much to do if you feel like doing side quests. I would highly recommend this game to anyone. I'd give this game a solid 10/10 for everything that is within this game. The whole idea of selective dialoge is perfect for such a huge game that allows you to make so many different choices that can effect the story in many different ways. On my first playthrough I did so much to make me so far up the scale of the light side and I am going to be playing it again with me being on he darkside and make very different decisions. The game sells at a cheap price and I beliveve everyone should give it a try."
76561198049207744,Recommended,208580,5403207,"Posted: 25 August, 2013",all,Hatakira,"This game is for all of you Star Wars fans out there. This is one of the epic Role Playing games that takes place before any of the Movies that were made and 5 years after the original KOTOR. As the main charicter of the game you are an ""Exiled"" Jedi because you had served under Revan in the Mandilorian wars. In the story you are also Concidered the ""last"" Jedi so the Sith are after your head in an attempt to completely obliderate the Jedi Order. Once you find this out after waking from a potentially fatal situation, you set out to either help or hinder the republics efforts to bring peace to the galaxy.This game scores 9.5/10 for me. Being an older game and concidering the publishers were rushed a little was a great game that flows very well with the first. If you like Storie lines, Charicter development, Role Playing, then this is the game for you.  The Charicter customization Isn't as diverse at the original KOTOR but the added Skills and Powers are something to look forward to for the Melee or force users. I would also recomend (if you can) to play the original KOTOR first otherwise there may be some cases of where you wont understand some plots but just get it and play it. You know you want to! :)"
,Recommended,208580,15518163,"Posted: 24 April, 2015",all,mr.whiskers,10/10 would play again!
,Not Recommended,208580,15520035,"Posted: 24 April, 2015",all,CaptainPhrisbee,A black screen shows up and even after closing and reopening the window (somthing that worked in the previous game) all I get is a black screen and me shooting somthing with my mouse. I am really bummed I wasted my money on this awesome game and don't get to expierience it.
,Recommended,208580,2046263,"Posted: 3 April, 2013",all,Creepy,"Buggy rushed, and just not as good as it's predecessor"
76561198053295718,Recommended,208580,15318474,"Posted: 12 April, 2015",all,kaichun.lin,One of the best RPG ever
76561198139010257,Recommended,208580,15437294,"Posted: 18 April, 2015",all,ErikMGHernandez,"A truly fantastic game, and an excellent thing to pick up if, like myself, you played your old copy of KOTOR so much that you know the exact consequenses of every questline, and are looking for something new. New game mechanics make up for a slightly less intriguing story in comparison to the first game, and all in all this is one of the best experiences is gaming that I have had in a very long timeOf course, I would always reccomend picking up the origional first, if you haven't played it yet"
76561198006201583,Recommended,208580,17159184,"Posted: 21 July, 2015",all,Dalmiro,Simply the best star wars game ever made.
76561198059125219,Recommended,208580,8522618,"Posted: 2 January, 2014",all,Mr jooj,THERE IS NO HIGH GROUND
,Recommended,208580,17161247,"Posted: 21 July, 2015",all,ACExtravaganza,"Do you like Obsidian RPGs?  Do you enjoy philosophy, and want to explore what it truely means to be a sith or a jedi?  If you answered yes to either, buy this game.  Also install the restored content mod.  This is probably my favoite game ever, it just got an overhaul, and the restroed content mod is easier to download than ever.  I would probably pay 20 bucks for this game, and right now you could pick it up for 7.49 (10 dollars normally).  Well worth the price."
,Recommended,208580,17163957,"Posted: 21 July, 2015",all,CMDR.Vigilance,"I....i'm going to cry tears of joy.I remember P.ISSING my pants over this game, was first in line at the store to pick up my copy when it first came out all those years ago.Yes, I was disappointed in the cut content, bugs, etc.Through the years I did as the many, and installed various hacks, mods, & fixes just so the game could ""keep up"".But finally,No one saw this patch coming, but a decade later, my childhood prayers have been answered.-4K & 5K support?-Native Widescreen?-Controller support-ACHIEVEMENTS & CLOUD SAVES-Workshop SupportAs others have said, graphics are irrelevant as this is a 2005 game, but the gameplay and story are absolutely fantastic.Makes me have hope that someday, somewhere, someone is planning KOTOR 3.and now i'm peeing my pants all over again. :')"
,Recommended,208580,17165618,"Posted: 21 July, 2015",all,The Revanarchist,"At the time of this review i havent even finished the game. This game is dark and distinctly different from the first but is still a masterpeice, especialy with the new achievments and the expansion that has been added through the steam workshop. This game is a must have."
76561198155215109,Recommended,208580,17459289,"Posted: 9 August, 2015",all,mattbgamer.mb,"I love this game, I remember playing it when it came out for the original xbox along with the first one. All I could think is finally they made a game where you could be a Jedi ( and a badass one at that).  Since I played the xbox version first I was kind of pre-trained to play this when I bought it on Steam, but as I soon figured out the pc version of the game was completly different than the 'original' that I remembered playing in my younger days. For one I didn't have a controller so that made a little difficult at first, but after this recent update I started using my xbox controller so it was just like old times. Not only that but the modding community for this game is amazing! The restored content mod really makes playing the game more fun, and some of the other more aesthetic mod's make it an even more enjoyable expirence. So if you are thinking about trying this out I say go for it, it's worth the money most definitley."
,Recommended,208580,17196445,"Posted: 23 July, 2015",all,SirDaimon,"With the recent upgrade (july 2015) this game is now playable on PC, before it was unbearable.It now has native widescreen and workshop access built right in now. (so downloading the restored content mod is now easier than ever)I gave this game 9/10 stars on console, i can now give it the same on PC.Good job guys, keep it up.The only negative thing is that you can only add 5 mods at the moment or else your game starts to break."
76561198060925566,Recommended,208580,17461441,"Posted: 9 August, 2015",all,Thimerasol,"It was an epic sequel to KOTOR, but the ending was a truncated disappointment. Still buggy and prone to frequent crashes after all these years. A few of the significant cutscene interludes and conversations were functionally impaired. Expect to chew up 10 to 15 gigabytes of HD space with your precautionary game save files. Still, this remains a compulsively addictive RPG game, and the lore from its story segues nicely into the Revan novel, SWTOR, and its upcoming Fallen Empire expansion."
,Recommended,208580,17463561,"Posted: 9 August, 2015",all,Disgruntled Postal Worker,"One of the greatest RPGs ever made. Paired with the Restored Content Mod, you get an absolutely amazing experience combined with some of the best writing and characters the genre has to offer. The graphics are a bit dated, but do little to detract from the overall greatness of the game."
76561198119044961,Recommended,208580,17463935,"Posted: 9 August, 2015",all,B4SS_M4STER,"I really love both Kotor 1 and 2. They're what got me into roleplaying games, and I'm still on a roll with those. This games doesn't have very much customization in terms of your character (as in what they look like), but you can change your stats however you want them to be. I played this game and Kotor 1 on console, and I really enjoyed it. I'm extremely happy that I could find them again in Steam."
,Recommended,208580,17410842,"Posted: 6 August, 2015",all,Riggers,"Finally managed to get past the tedious tuturial and play the rest of the game.Wow.I enjoyed this game just as much as its predecessor and can't wait to try both games again as Dark Side. I played through both games as a Light Side tank class and have to say the Knights of the Old Republic series is hands down the best RPG series I ever had the joy of playing. Ever since the update, as well, it has just been a pleasure to ignore my family and sit down and play.TSLRCM is a definite must-get mod. I would recommend this game and the first to anybody who likes not just Star Wars, but RPGs."
,Recommended,208580,17418773,"Posted: 6 August, 2015",all,halfbeef,"A Star Wars experience like no other. I personally dislike the story of the movies, but this game feels nothing like the movies, and that is a good thing. The story will leave you questioning what it truly means to be Jedi or Sith. A must play for even those who hate Star Wars.10/10"
76561198057735076,Recommended,208580,17762989,"Posted: 28 August, 2015",all,Saint,I still can't believe this got an update. Great game. Much nostalgia.  c:
,Recommended,208580,17341694,"Posted: 1 August, 2015",all,Dominus Fiddlebottom,Apathy is death.
76561197993284213,Recommended,208580,17342703,"Posted: 1 August, 2015",all,Ragde7172,"What a great game to play, brings back the memories!!!"
76561198059272760,Recommended,208580,17346502,"Posted: 2 August, 2015",all,Skooks,Converted my follower ♥♥♥♥♥es to the dark side. If you catch my meaning.
,Recommended,208580,17346896,"Posted: 2 August, 2015",all,Dickslapper Extraordinaire,"Absolutely amazing, 10 odd years old and it's better than games coming out this year. Do yourself a favour and play this game."
,Recommended,208580,17696813,"Posted: 24 August, 2015",all,"Cassius (Ignore Status, Offline)","Pretty much the only game I have ever played with a story so great that I don't even care there are tons of bugs and cut content (becomes even greater with TSLRCM 1.8.4 due to many fixes), 11/10"
,Recommended,208580,17700542,"Posted: 24 August, 2015",all,Ethyne,"Fantastic. Play the first one first. Oh, and get the restored content mod, it makes the game."
,Recommended,208580,17703955,"Posted: 24 August, 2015",all,Lil Frankie,"Having just bought this and played the cd copy, I enjoy the smoother gameplay, but haven't felt the intuitivenes of the cloud save since I am still using the usb to go between my laptop and Pc's (3 of them)...hopefully they get this running but other than that the gameplay is of best quality.Kudos!"
76561198159954476,Recommended,208580,17522990,"Posted: 13 August, 2015",all,Mystic Reaper,This is And Always Will Be My Favourite Game.
,Recommended,208580,17306963,"Posted: 30 July, 2015",all,John-117,This is most definetly the BEST star wars game I have ever played. I abosultly love how everything and everyone is affected by the choices you make. I love the companions you can recruit and travel with. I love the story. I love the weapons. I LOVE LOVE LOVE how they brought bak Carth and Canderous into the game. 10/10 would play again.
,Recommended,208580,17308865,"Posted: 30 July, 2015",all,Razaken,"I do really recommend this game for all those RPG players who wants to enjoy a good story. Now even more with the update from a few days ago. It's just perfect and challenging, just try to get all your companions to be jedi jahh!!! I've done it just a couple of times ever since the game was released 10 yrs ago for the first time on Xbox console. Give it a try ;)"
76561198031762785,Recommended,208580,17315399,"Posted: 31 July, 2015",all,Sawyer95,this is still one of my favourite games of all time and its been reborn and i am happy as ♥♥♥♥10/10 - would play again
76561198036221710,Recommended,208580,17315646,"Posted: 31 July, 2015",all,Kilo Charlie,"As a Star Wars fan and a huge fan of the original KotOR, I love this game. Obsidian did such a great job and I find myself replaying this one quite often."
76561198025713731,Recommended,208580,17316636,"Posted: 31 July, 2015",all,Ser Bubbles,"It's sooooo good. But it's also soooo broken. The last level, anyway. You're leading up to some kind of horrible, planet- and Force-destroying super weapon, there's all sorts of things going on with your team, then BAM! Ship crashes, you're in a sort of underground area that makes no sense. Then the game's over. It was obviously rushed at the last minute, but as other reviews have said, there IS a ""Restored Content Mod"" that grabs all the unused assets (because there were a LOT) and puts them back in place, fixes bugs, etc.I played the first KoTOR before I saw any Star Wars movie, and loved it. Then I saw the movies, and they were... okay.  Then KoTOR II, which is even BETTER. Seriously, you don't have to be a fan of the movies/books/whatever to love the hell out of such a well-made game. Grab the first one too! :P"
76561198012755413,Recommended,208580,17318051,"Posted: 31 July, 2015",all,Tedratex,This game have everything what true rpg must have... (looking for KotOR 3 not ToR 3-50) :)
76561198098538598,Recommended,208580,17566762,"Posted: 16 August, 2015",all,pkc1986,"great game  one  of favorites of all time, its is worth the cost to purchaseThe only issue I had was the some voices in the cut sceens are missing other than that the game runs very smoothly"
76561197975902658,Recommended,208580,17181563,"Posted: 22 July, 2015",all,ieough,"This game can pretty much be summed up as ""I need to find a work bench to upgrade my lightsaber before I am bombarded with more empty dialog.""To elaborate a bit on what I said...SWKOR 2 isn't as good as the first. The first was brilliant. Great story, great combat system, great loot progression system, great characters, great character backstory. The steam version of the first is about as buggy as the second yet it still is one of the best rpgs and one of the best games created.The sequel is broken. I might give it another go in a month or so on a new toon now knowing what I know and see what I can milk out of the game. But it is broken. It is difficult to explain fully without spoilers. The first companion you get is broken. They make combat trivial because of their passive ability. Your main becomes a juggernaut of destruction and consequently makes combat moot because of the first companion you get. Aside from that your first companion is an eyesore. If you opt not to use your first companion because they are broken then you may get much more out of the combat system.The games story seems generic. The protagonist is a cipher. I felt little attachment to his cause. This consequently makes dialog choices seem inconsequential. And thus the dialog choices become centered around the stuff you get rather than the story which unfolds. But since combat is broken because of your first companion even the stuff you get is inconsequential.Now knowing what I know if I do another play through I will probably pursue the darkside on my main on hard difficulty and not use the first companion and cut everyone to bits (usually in rpgs I play the good guy that helps everyone)  and see if I can spark the magic that made the first great.The potential of the game has been realized and I change my recommendation to yes. If you roll a darkside consular with 8str, 8dex, 14con, 14int, 16 wis, and 15 cha (which becomes 16 as soon as you get a stat point at level up) and play on difficult then most pieces of the game become relevant. To get through the mining facility you need grenades, shields, medpacks, shock. Fighting unarmed is the best way to go so your character is much like Jon Irenicus from BG2. Thus the start of the game is similar to slow starts consistent with D&D style games; the whole of the start is uniformly slow and not just the dialog(which occurs if you roll a guardian and own everything).After completing the game I conclude that the story is the worst of any star wars game or movie. A good rpg nonetheless."
76561198154605312,Recommended,208580,17379330,"Posted: 4 August, 2015",all,DjBlaklite,HOLY ♥♥♥♥-IN NERF-HERDERS I LOVE THIS GAME!!! and its linux compatable <3 GOOOOODBYE LIFE! helllllllo sweet steamy embrace :)
76561198101912810,Recommended,208580,17594710,"Posted: 18 August, 2015",all,Professional ragequitter,"i'd recommend this game if you are a starwars die-hard fan, but i was left with the feeling that this game is somewhat less polished version of KOTOR 1; for example, the combat is challenging up to half of the game (even frustrating sometimes) and then you unlock the really good lightsaber parts and it becomes as easy as stroll in the park.Overall, it's a good game, just not great."
,Recommended,208580,17600160,"Posted: 18 August, 2015",all,randomperson389,play it
76561198058655461,Recommended,208580,17602574,"Posted: 18 August, 2015",all,EagleWiz,"This is 75% of one of the best RPG's ever made.What about the other 25% you ask? Well, there is a explination for that. They released the game wi"
,Recommended,208580,2148948,"Posted: 19 June, 2013",all,ツ Hikiwa the Married,"Twice as better than the first one, too bad it's a glitch mess.Love it even more though."
76561198020221702,Recommended,208580,17609539,"Posted: 18 August, 2015",all,FreeSnacks,"If you liked Knights of the Old Republic, you don't have much choice, get it. Also, don't forget to use the workshop mods to make the game run more smoothly."
76561198088145938,Not Recommended,208580,17618449,"Posted: 19 August, 2015",all,Grand Marsden,"If you've played KotOR (1) then you're better off playing through that again.This is not a new game, this is a poorly executed 20 hour expansion pack upon the previous game.I lost any sense of intrigue or motivation hours before finishing the campaign."
76561198071985474,Recommended,208580,17621315,"Posted: 19 August, 2015",all,Manga v2,"Loved the original on the Xbox and couldn't wait to play it again but with better looking textures. Hours of fun, why don't they make them like this anymore?"
76561198094148486,Recommended,208580,17551833,"Posted: 15 August, 2015",all,Vance Xentan,This was my all time favorite game when I was a young gamer back in school. I'd come home and play this constantly and before buying the steam version I had at least seven different playthroughs of this game. I'd reccomend this game to any star wars fan who likes roleplaying games and if even if you don't I'd still say give it a try because it's just that much better with the restoration mod.
76561198222132760,Recommended,208580,17555308,"Posted: 15 August, 2015",all,Undyingskink476,Um i have had no problem at all with the game and now i can get past the Obsidian opening credit without the game crashing. I un subscribed to all the mods i had just subscribed to and it still wont work. I love this game and would hate to have to get rid of it.....
,Recommended,208580,17564326,"Posted: 16 August, 2015",all,¡¡¡¡¡¡¡¡¡¡Ɣ∈ηΦɱ,Pros:- Realistic Combat- Unique Characters- Tolerable Graphics- Interesting Story- Countless Feats and Abilities- Customization for weapons & armor- Dark Side & Light Side Allignments- Companions- Mods- Cheat Mods- Cheats AND ModsCons:- The Godforsaken Peragus mission
,Recommended,208580,17520413,"Posted: 13 August, 2015",all,d10sfan,Very fun game and very good port by Aspyr
,Recommended,208580,17907244,"Posted: 6 September, 2015",all,Boba Fettuccine,"First off be prepared  to hit F4 and F5 a lot, because there a lot of stupid little crashes throughout the game. For me it happens a lot in combat situations. It's just after a combat sequence, the main charecter won't be able to walk in any direction. Hence the F4(quick save) F5(quick load) remedy. When I have a full party it's easy to get around. Anywho I love this game. Still one of my most favorite RPG gaming expierences of all time. It gives me a nice nostalgic kick to the past. Plus now there are achievments which pleases me. I am a huge SW buff, and it makes me sad this stuff isn't canon. It sucks because this portion of the SW: EU was by far my favorite era. Well if you've never played it, do it the warning I gave you before will be annoying, if it even effects you, makes Peragus awful. Stick it out, and enjoy this amazing story."
76561198249272546,Not Recommended,208580,18005090,"Posted: 12 September, 2015",all,mrandmrssimons,when i start the game it just says problem starting program then have to quit it
,Recommended,208580,18008478,"Posted: 12 September, 2015",all,Grue,"Statement: this meatbag has been sitting here for 20 minutes trying to cobble together enough basic to describe this wonderful game.KOTOR 2 is a game for those with a certain appreciation for Star Wars lore, lightsabers, wookies and mystery. One of the greatest things about this game is how character development occurs between yourself and your allies. With your guidance, you may either intentiionally or through your presence alone help others find themselves and come to terms with the events following the wars. Something that a certain other franchise for Xbox (*cough* Fable) claimed to deliver but ended in miserable failure during that generation.There is also a Linux port now, although like the PC version it has its share of bugs. For me, entire maps could load without textures and the only way around it is via a save and reload. Its not world ending, though its intermittent nature between map loads has made it difficult to look for resolution. Though, it seems most other bugs you would have to know about as several pertain to game communications logic and fewer to game crashing corner cases. YMMV.For $10, its worth it."
,Recommended,208580,18001805,"Posted: 12 September, 2015",all,ABooterror,"Review for Linux:Normally I do not like buggy games and this one is very buggy. In the default variant a lot of missions are incomplete. The videos fail big time - they are played so fast that you do not see anything. And the path-finding is ""interresting"", sometimes even sending you over gaps in the floor ...But there is a the ""Sith Lords Restored Mod"" which adds some (a lot) of the missing game content (some of it is a bit annoying, I am looking at the always present robots). And what can I say 26 hours played in 2 days to competion. For me it is a great RPG (at least modded) and even when it is pretty old -> it is one of the ""must have"" titles in my collection!"
76561197974634162,Recommended,208580,18020468,"Posted: 13 September, 2015",all,istari101,"So I just replayed this with the recent modernizing patch, plus the Sith Lords Restoration Pack here on Steam, and wow: This is really an amazing game and worthy successor to the phenomenal KOTOR1. I had forgotten how well-written the story was, and it really makes me sad that we'll likely never get a proper KOTOR3 to bring the tale of Revan to a proper conclusion.My only real quibble WITH THIS VERSION is how often the game made you play not only without the Exile, but oftentimes with generally weak or underwhelming secondary partymembers in his/her stead. YMMV here, but it was generally an unwelcome diversion to lose control of your wonderfully overpowered Exile character and be forced to slum it with some of your more lackluster party members.Of course, I wish that Obsidian had originally had more time to flesh out and finish this game properly, or (at a minimum) that LucasArts had devoted the necessary resources and personnel to release a large DLC-style patch that brought back and properly integrated all the cut content (even if they had to charge for it). Still, maybe we'll see some variant of that and/or proper HD reduxes of KOTOR 1 and 2 in the next few years, especially considering the coming bonanza of new Star Wars movies.Regardless, this game is still well worth your time if you enjoyed KOTOR1."
,Recommended,208580,18061890,"Posted: 16 September, 2015",all,Aaron B,"A sequel to my favorite game of all time, ""The Sith Lords"" is a darker-toned take on the enthralling universe that KOTOR created. Many consider ""The Sith Lords"" to be the superior of the two KOTOR games, and rightly so, as it adds much in terms of content, custimization, and story. Easily amongst the top 5 games of all time, in my opinion, I can't recommend this title enough.And now that it boasts achievements and a Steam Workshop, I have an excuse to revisit it once again."
76561198032083828,Recommended,208580,18050615,"Posted: 15 September, 2015",all,LiquidIze55,This game is the bees knees!
76561198006211251,Recommended,208580,18040360,"Posted: 15 September, 2015",all,AtreiNero,"The 36.2 hours is really just since I got the steam version. I've probably suck well over 500+ hours into this game between non steam PC versions and my Xbox Versions.KOTOR II had its issues when it came out with incomplete conetent, and a few broken things, but it more than makes up for it. It has it faults like every game, but it also has its great moments. The combat is much more refined, the expanded powers, feats, and items make this game an improvment on KOTOR.If you are going to get this, getting the Restored Content Mod is recommended AFTER you play through it the first time. That way you can really experience how this great and awesome game would have been even better.This game is one you will play again and again if you love RPGs, espeically western ones. It is good, bad, and everything in between, like everything. Despite being 10+ years old, it is still strong and shows the basics of RPGs and then expands it. Despite the somewhat broken story, you can still live a great story, rich characters, planets with intrigue, and customize your party, weapons, and everything inbetween."
,Recommended,208580,18038932,"Posted: 14 September, 2015",all,Adventure Cat,"One of the best games I've ever played. Great RPG, great Star Wars story. Would definitely recommend downloading with the Restored Content mod found in the Workshop."
,Recommended,208580,17455388,"Posted: 9 August, 2015",all,Spaickow,"""'Love' is making a shot to the knees of a target 120 kilometers away using an Aratech sniper rifle with a tri-light scope."""
,Recommended,208580,12166761,"Posted: 20 September, 2014",all,Spooky Blue,I recommend this game if you enjoy the first game of SWKOTOR. I think it better with the Restoration project because it fix alot of bugs and add alot of stuff that was missing. There another mod that is apart of the Restoration mod it called M4-78 EP and it add the droid planet with more hours onto the game and more story.
,Recommended,208580,17470429,"Posted: 10 August, 2015",all,MynameisBeau69,"Love this game. Loved it when I was 12, Love it now. The only down side to the game is the end. You realize that no matter what you do the ending is the same. UNLESS YOU KNOW THE SECRETS !!!"
76561198102542090,Recommended,208580,17688900,"Posted: 23 August, 2015",all,ZETA6,mass effects older better brother
76561198044427052,Recommended,208580,17689183,"Posted: 23 August, 2015",all,ryndexter,"loved this when it came out, love it still"
76561198079520814,Recommended,208580,17695001,"Posted: 24 August, 2015",all,vkeean,"I am having issues getting passed the prologue. Everytime i create a character and begin, it crashes as soon as it gets to T3"
76561198041298232,Recommended,208580,17747848,"Posted: 27 August, 2015",all,I AM DOC,The combat is similar to dragon age origins for reference. This game rocks though been playing it since i was kid.    If you get this game make sure you download the TSLRCM   (restored content mod) as it add sections of the game that were missing and makes improvements.
,Recommended,208580,17732536,"Posted: 26 August, 2015",all,Djozar,"Good old ""KOTOR 2""...I spent many months on my original XBox playing this to no end. It's Star Wars and a graphical upgrade to the paper-doll look of KOTOR1. Unfortunately the game was shipped early due to contract/release constraints, but overall a great game!For those who keep bring ing up ""When they make a KOTOR 3...blah blah blah regurgitate previous wishes of a 'KOTOR3'"", you do realize that the developers (Bioware) of SWTOR have already stated MANY times to clarify it for those that are hard of understanding, that SWTOR IS KOTOR 3-6. Period. Now...no more talk of KOTOR3...EA/Biowareruined it and the memory is now all but over thanks to this release."
,Recommended,208580,17641322,"Posted: 21 August, 2015",all,BillyFromKorea,"It has Star Wars, it has lightsabers, it has a combat system that lets you shoot force STORM out of one hand while deflecting shots from literally 7 shooters at a time.  The game really makes you work for it in typical RPG fashion, but once you reach the higher levels and start smashing wave after wave of mooks in one hit, you'll feel like a true badass Jedi/Sith.Did I mention you can FORCE STORM everything to death?"
,Not Recommended,208580,17643340,"Posted: 21 August, 2015",all,Roey,"Jedi academy is so much better, this one feels like it was made before Jedi Academy when in fact it wasnt"
76561198067777248,Recommended,208580,17646843,"Posted: 21 August, 2015",all,SpeedSaberStorm,"If you have not tried this game it is a must try. One of my all time favorites, made even better by the TSLRCM Mod and M4-78. This game is a classic for all Star Wars fans, if you haven't tried it, you're missing out."
76561198041881655,Recommended,208580,17650274,"Posted: 21 August, 2015",all,Fonkey Dong,"Best Star Wars game.Yeah, there are some bugs but downloading a patch to fix them isn't rocket science. I rarely see bugs anymore. If your game is too buggy you should probably stop spamming every single mod on the steam workshop. If you already did just remove the game (make sure you remove the folder from the steamapps map and reinstall."
,Recommended,208580,17652242,"Posted: 21 August, 2015",all,KNightKCrawler,"If you have never played it, play it now!Also get the workshops additional missing content patch."
76561198128524675,Recommended,208580,17479789,"Posted: 10 August, 2015",all,EvilMethos666,"This game runs right along side with Knights Of The Old Republic. These two are the only RPG styled Star Wars games I've ever played. Just as invigorating as the first, this game actually hits number 4 in my personal top 10 of favorite games. I highly recommend others to play this, as well as the first. And if you love Star Wars, then you should know about KotOR."
76561198006602199,Not Recommended,208580,17240148,"Posted: 26 July, 2015",all,The Operative,"Short version: The thumbs down is misleading--KOTOR2 is a really good game and I ultimately enjoyed it, but it's definitely uneven and can be quite frustrating. Your mileage will vary, but you'll like KOTOR 2 if you:A) Love anything Star Wars;B) Like interesting, occasionally morally grey characters;C) Are not bothered by dated graphics;D) Are okay with mediocre, un-challenging gameplay;E) Will tolerate game breaking bugs that lead to restarting about 50% of the time;F) Don't mind a game and story that were ambitious, but obviously cut a lot at the end;G) Don't have a ton of other games you're interested in.----------Detailed Thoughts----------I skipped KOTOR2's original release ~10 years ago, so this is my un-nostalgic take: KOTOR2 falls just short of being a ""classic.""  KOTOR2 isn't bad, but it just hasn't aged well, and it's harder to recommend because of it.Story-wise, it picks up a few years after KOTOR1. The beginning is unengaging, and filled with standard Star Wars archetypes--mouthy scoundrels, brooding Sith Lords, earnest soldiers, tough warrior women, etc. The characters eventually become more morally grey and interesting. Overall, I was surprised by how interesting some turn out to be, while many others felt like pieces got left on the cutting room floor. The latter also proves true of the story--it's obvious that grand aspriations were whittled down by time and budget constraints. KOTOR2's story ends up as flimsy as a bad B-movie. (Which, to be fair, is still better than many games.)Gameplay-wise, KOTOR2 is a d20 system (e.g. like AD&D). It uses a ""pseudo-real time"" combat mechanic--if you've played KOTOR1, Neverwinter Nights, Baldur's Gate, and Pillars of Eternity, you'll  remember it. This is one area where the game shows it age, as combat feels odd: Characters just stand around, marking time, then every X seconds there's a burst of attacks, then everyone goes back to standing around. Even on the highest difficulty setting, combat isn't particularly challenging and most of my characters ended up being built pretty similar.Combat is made more challenging--and not for the better--by a terrible user interface. The AI is miserable, and fine grained tactical control is difficult. KOTOR2 allows control of each character, but your options are pretty limited. In one particularly obnoxious section, you're attacked by enemies behind mine fields and poison clouds. There's no easy way to tell your party to ""Move Here"" to get around the hazards--you actually have to manually walk EACH ONE around with the movement keys. Even using ranged stance/attacks leads your party to inexplicablty charge forward occasionally, so eventually, I gave up and charged right through. Tactics be damned.Technically, KOTOR2 just feels dated in a few places. First, the graphics haven't aged gracefully. The visual style is fairly spartan and unremarkable. The character models, in particular, look pretty terrible and chunky in the in-engine cutscenes or dialogues. To be fair, this is a 10+ year old game, so that's not unexpected--it's just jarring, because in many ways it *feels* like it should be more modern.  Second, while the sound and music are specatular, the voice acting is distinctly B-movie level. Further, game breaking bugs plagued my playthrough. Even after a lot of troubleshooting, KOTOR2 would inexplicably minimize itself or stop recognizing keyboard and mouse inputs. I probably have 5% longer play time from all the crashes, bugs, and recoveries.So, anyway, all of the above is largely negative, but that's only because when those things aren't annoying, KOTOR2 is a good game. It disappoints by virtue of not aging well. Nostalgia aside, there are better modern RPGs and more interesting old-school RPGs worth your attention. KOTOR2 gets caught in a weird middle ground: It may have been a pioneer in moving RPGs from text-based, party micromanagement sims to the cinematic, action-oriented masterpieces we know today, but the seams in that transition show."
,Recommended,208580,19445864,"Posted: 2 December, 2015",all,Anichels,"Star Wars Knights of the Old Repoublic II is the sequel for the 2004 Game Of The Year: KotOR.The game was initially missing some important content as it was rushed out the door for Xmas sales, however, with the help of the modding community - you can (and should) get the restored content mod, and the game becomes absolutely flawless.If you enjoy RPGs, are a fan of Star Wars, or just enjoy great games in general - get this game.It's worth the $3.00 you'll pay for it on sales.The prologue and introduction on the Peragus Mining Facility can be tedious and lengthy - but afterwards you are thrust into a post-war era, where the galaxy is trying to rebuild itself - every choice has a consequence. Remember that, Jedi."
76561198084271344,Recommended,208580,19548481,"Posted: 7 December, 2015",all,FlipperBoy,Love it
,Recommended,208580,19559544,"Posted: 7 December, 2015",all,heisengeorge,This game is a masterpiece
76561198056136063,Recommended,208580,19559805,"Posted: 7 December, 2015",all,Sleve McDichael,"This is definitely one of my fave games ever, I hope more mods are added over from nexus though"
,Recommended,208580,19556658,"Posted: 7 December, 2015",all,Hater Dab,"The game is probable my favorite game of all time, I played it non stop asa child and now that i can get it for my mac its amazing. but one problem I keep turning into Arren Kae and it corrupts all me saves ALL of them, PLEASE, PLEASE FIX THIS. i have no mods or used any cheats, Idk why this is happening so please fix. I was just about to beat Hanharr and my games crashes and when i load it back up im back in the vent system with all my items gone and my portrait and name are of Arren Kae. Fix this please7.9/10 amazing game"
76561198022049819,Recommended,208580,19557146,"Posted: 7 December, 2015",all,Z3RO xD,Played this game as a kid on my dads old E machine bought again recently and have already started on my second play through. Def a must buy.
76561198080116054,Recommended,208580,19758108,"Posted: 17 December, 2015",all,Shrouded Macon,"Simply because I've been a fan since the start... LET'S PLAY ALREADY!!!!!!!Any Star Wars fan who enjoy's a good story ans some fun, this is a game for you. Noob friendly (mostly) and easy to pick up. TSLRCM in the workshop is a must, an exemplerary job by the modders who tended to this already fun game to becoming even more fulfilling. Thank you to them!Light Side, Dark Side, Swords, Blasters, Sabers and UNLIMITED POWER!!!!!"
76561198014858340,Recommended,208580,19743770,"Posted: 17 December, 2015",all,infamous93,As of now the game is unplayable. It worked once then everytime since I can't even get to the main menu. Extremely frustrating as this is one of my favourite games.KoToR2 - Absolutely recommended.This piece of crap steam version - Most definitely not recommended.
76561198034611392,Recommended,208580,19759237,"Posted: 18 December, 2015",all,Broista,"One of my favorite all time games (behind kotor 1 of course). Not just because I played it as a kid, but it tells an amazing story. Great characters, choices, and twists will keep you hooked. The gameplay is great as well, with the pause/tactical type you'd see in old school games (or dragonage). Adding the restoration mod makes it even better. For 10 bucks its a steal."
,Recommended,208580,19764469,"Posted: 18 December, 2015",all,Dankob,Dope almost as dope as one but not quite
76561198065464950,Recommended,208580,19772599,"Posted: 18 December, 2015",all,Jazzy_Jeff,"""Perhaps you were expecting some surprise, for me to reveal a secret that had eluded you, something that would change your perspective of events, shatter you to the core. There is no great revelation, no great secret. There is only you""Imagine a galaxy without Jedi, a galaxy not like the adventurous and light setting akin to the movies. Times are dark, the Room of a Thousand Fountains stays silenced, as does the rest of the Jedi Temple on Coruscant. The once great Jedi Enclave lies foresaken, overun by the same creatures it once guarded against and forgotten by the settlers it once assisted. The Galaxy curses the word ""Jedi"" and one hasn't been seen for nearly 10 years. What Happened? As you awaken on a derelict space station orbiting a broken world you ask yourself the same question as you stir from your drunken stupor. As you begin to explore you reallize there is only you, or so you think...""Knights of the Old Republic 2"" (KOTOR 2) is the successor to the acclaimed ""Knights of the Old Republic"" and plays exactly the same, save some new combat mechanics, and it lives up to the name. A vast new improvement is the influence system which allows your companion's allignment to change according to which choices you make around them.The story is the polar opposite to KOTOR's. While KOTOR story was is the format of ""be the Hero and kill the Bad Guy"" with a black and white spectrum, KOTOR 2 blends good and bad choices, often making you question if you actually did the right thing, which is why i prefer this game to KOTOR. KOTOR 2 is dark, it is a huge difference from the ""lush"" galaxy of its predecessor. The Galaxy feels corrupt and troubled and the Republic is liable to fall apart at any second. This environment plays a perfect background to the story which is equally interesting. A creeping guilt and sense of regret haunts you throughout the game and plays a huge role in he plotThe game was released in a minimal state. Obsidian had to make cuts and abandon alot of content, including story, to release the game in time for Christmas. Though the game is playable and deep, it feels like a shadow of what it could have been. Fortunately, a mod was created called ""The Sith Lords Restoration Mod"" AND THIS GAME SHOULD NOT BE PLAYED WITHOUT IT. The mod makes many changes, balances many areas the developers left untouched, and provides alot of cut story that makes the game complete, and it can easily be found in the steam workshop..The story is what you would expect from a company as experienced as Obsidian, the diologue is amazing (my favorite being placed at the beginning of this review), and the characters are just as, if not more, interesting than the previous ensemble (Atton and the Handmaiden are my favorites), with many fan favorites coming back. I always play a light side character and it's definately satisfying doing the character quests such as helping a friend find salvation from their past or teaching someone about the force.""Statement"": It's just as interesting if you play the dark side as a HK-47 could practically sell the game himself.I personally give this game a 10/10 though it may just be nostalgia wise, other reviews average at a 7 or ten. admitedly the beginning of the game is pretty slow, the atmosphere at first is pretty creepy but becomes tedious and boring, but perservere and you will find an experience that is hard to come by these days. If you can, play KOTOR first, as it's just as amazing and without the knowledge, you wont be able to appreciate some references in this game."
76561198243413004,Recommended,208580,19774316,"Posted: 18 December, 2015",all,Starpotter2245,Amazing game so far
76561198049950584,Recommended,208580,19708866,"Posted: 15 December, 2015",all,ImperialAce,"Where to start... Well, first of all, this is one of my favorite games that really got me into not only RPG's, but into gaming in general. It has many different styles of gameplay, all of which can have a huge impact on how your companions interact with you. Whether you chose the dark side and carve a bloody path through anyone who stands in your way, or follow the light and bring peace to those around you, it will give hours and hours of enveloping gameplay. Depending on your choices, you can play again and again and have an entirely different playthrough than your time before. Although I haven't played as much on the Steam version, I have put hundreds of hours into this game over the past decade and will likely put in even more. Although it can have its glitches (which are both few and minor), they do little to sidetrack from the gameplay. From quirky assassin droids, to angry old ladies, this game never ceases to surpise.I would 10/10 recommend again and agian."
76561198108920592,Recommended,208580,19735191,"Posted: 16 December, 2015",all,VraelValorum,so much fun
76561198064322661,Recommended,208580,19796018,"Posted: 19 December, 2015",all,RageAsNeeded,"I have clocked well over 500+ hours on my Original Xbox.  The replay value of this game is extremely large.  So much to do an with Workshop added to steam with it, the gameplay is endless!214071983595782/10"
,Recommended,208580,278545,"Posted: 15 July, 2013",all,Pikavangelist,"Play it if you haven't already, but make sure you install the TSLRCM first."
76561198078141866,Recommended,208580,19788410,"Posted: 19 December, 2015",all,ascho078,Doesnt Render properly in windows 10 at 4k. playable in windowed mode with some changes.
,Recommended,208580,19789970,"Posted: 19 December, 2015",all,Sir Nose D’Voidoffunk,Buggy but not bad for $9.99
,Recommended,208580,19790232,"Posted: 19 December, 2015",all,Drakensson,"+ The best optimized version for modern Windows operative-systems (on second place is KOTOR Collection DVD-Rom)+ Implemented Cloud Saving (progress saved over internet)+ Implemented Steam Achievements+ Otherwise the arguably deepest Star Wars game+ Otherwise the arguably best Star Wars RPG games+ Obsidian Entertainment (Neverwinter Nights 2, Alpha Protocol)+ Made before Western games became sh*t (subjective)KOTOR games are old. So any person can experience previously unidentified problems or bugs exclusively happening to their own PC. An example is being immovable after combat, a bug wich has an official fix some might not find working.If so, switch party-character and/or quick-save and quick-load.As said, KOTOR 2 on Steam is the best optimized one, so these problems are microscopic and won't stop your progress.......most likely."
76561198072930534,Recommended,208580,19787347,"Posted: 19 December, 2015",all,TjorVen,If you want a good rpg. Play it——> love it
76561198047366198,Recommended,208580,12294457,"Posted: 29 September, 2014",all,Rettznom,"This game is amazing and just as good as the first one. I'd recommend playing this first one first, though. This game adds in quite a few new things that freshen it up and just like the first one it is long and replayable. You still get that darkside/lightside paths but at the same time you build certain relationships with different followers every time you play the game. So this game can be replayed 3 or 4 times and still be just as fun. 10/10 would play again!"
,Recommended,208580,12299234,"Posted: 30 September, 2014",all,Mayrink,"Amazing game, I am having a lot of fun, really recommended if you are a great fan of Star Wars, a must play game.Download the graphics improvement from a forum and will get better quality.I am really enjoy that game!"
76561198023586582,Not Recommended,208580,12305356,"Posted: 30 September, 2014",all,Neobites,"Great game but does not work, even after spending ages looking up all fixes just does not work crashes after character creation, the first one had issues but i managed to fix and play it but this just straight up does not work and should not be sold."
76561198102776987,Recommended,208580,12363909,"Posted: 4 October, 2014",all,Sheks,"Honestly, this is one of the best games ever made. Hundreds of hours of gameplay, almost every playthrough is different and, I can truthfully say i've never gotten bored with this game. 5 stars all the way."
,Recommended,208580,12207128,"Posted: 23 September, 2014",all,KingGaming001,"I cannot click on anything, I could play the tutorial and the first mission until I go outside but after that I cannot click anything. I can hover over it but when I click it, it does nothing even when I restart the game it doesn't work, and when I restart my computer. Other than that great game."
,Recommended,208580,453539,"Posted: 14 July, 2013",all,jthorpe4,"One of my favorite games, have the orignal xbox version and PC versions."
76561198119496148,Recommended,208580,12226779,"Posted: 24 September, 2014",all,Dinkle,A amazing game. Though the story is harder to get it takes a dark turn but is great to play.
,Recommended,208580,12339030,"Posted: 3 October, 2014",all,botondus,"A masterpiece of storytelling and character development, this is a thoroughly enjoyable RPG. The only thing that detracts a bit from it is that it's slightly buggy. 9.5/10"
,Recommended,208580,12336436,"Posted: 3 October, 2014",all,Dungeons0,9/10
76561198097701894,Recommended,208580,12329730,"Posted: 2 October, 2014",all,jrpuette,Kotor 2 is a game I love; however the game seems to hate me. I think that there are some serious compatability problems with this game and it crashes in a pre-rendered cutscence.
76561198080668167,Recommended,208580,12252434,"Posted: 26 September, 2014",all,lobowolf101,After downloading the restored content mod this game I have to say is on par if not better than the first
76561198141682497,Recommended,208580,12442065,"Posted: 10 October, 2014",all,Viva Lofaaf,"It's a great Star Wars experience for any die hard fan. It's graphics are quite outdated, albiet a bit of an improvement from the first one, and the combat is still a strange format for those new to it. This game truly shines in its cinematics and the choices you must make with your crew and the world around you. Highly recommended."
76561198092181489,Recommended,208580,12444322,"Posted: 10 October, 2014",all,Sorenzu,Simply Amazing
76561198074215050,Recommended,208580,12454945,"Posted: 11 October, 2014",all,Willyum129,"Just as good as KOTOR 1, Confusing Ending, but oh well :)"
76561197991703966,Recommended,208580,1339884,"Posted: 20 September, 2013",all,TermiPete,"Dated graphics, but great story! Thoroughly enjoyed this. Something of an Obsidian fan now after playing this and Alpha Protocol."
76561198037694522,Recommended,208580,13643594,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,brandon.lanyon,"Love this game.  A pain to get working on modern computers, but definitely worth it."
,Recommended,208580,13645284,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,blade08,A good classic RPG
76561198024955714,Recommended,208580,13912698,"Posted: 9 January, 2015",all,WickedRequiem,"Great game for a Star Wars fan.... thanks to other Star Wars fans who ""finished"" the incomplete game.While the vanilla game gets a bad rap for being ""unfinished"" and ""buggy"", fan made patch fixes many of the bugs and unfinished quest lines.  In addition, there are working ""widescreen"" mod so you can play this game in full screen on a modern monitor.Storywise... it's more personal and less epic than Kotor 1.  Yes, the future of the galaxy still depends on you... but that's really an inconsequential part of the story.  The game focuses on the player's self discovery of himself and what it means to be a Jedi.... or a Sith.  And, it's not so black and white.  I found myself choosing ""dark side"" answers while meaning to do the right thing."
76561198003651383,Recommended,208580,13913351,"Posted: 9 January, 2015",all,L  Y C  A  N,defintanly one of the great rpg out there!
76561198059705055,Recommended,208580,13916090,"Posted: 9 January, 2015",all,Sir Bobbins,One of the best games i have played 10/10
76561198100350920,Recommended,208580,13916988,"Posted: 9 January, 2015",all,Lone Philosopher,"This was one of my first RPG's(outside the first KOTOR) and its builds on its predecessor very well as far as game the games mechanics and game play. While the story(at least without TSLRC) is a bit vague the game overall is very good.A few tidbits that I disapprove of, first Obsidian is a good studio and im a huge fan of their works, but this game was rushed by lucasarts so the game is in a way incomplete, second the ending left many questions and gave few answers and is very lackluster.Before playing I would suggest any buyers goto this link and get the restored content mod, this fixes and releases many things that were cut out because of a rushed production and is very well put together, a few minor bugs but worth every minute.http://www.moddb.com/mods/the-sith-lords-restored-content-mod-tslrcmWhether you're new to the KOTOR line or a veteran looking for nostalgia rush I would recommend this game and its predecessor to anyone looking for a classic in the starwars line of games.-Lonewolf00014KNOT"
76561198089212397,Recommended,208580,13870125,"Posted: 6 January, 2015",all,Chevalier du Lac,Personally one of my favorite games of all time despite the negative rep it gets. The story and gameplay is still superb. The characters and soundtrack are top notch and gives you life lessons if you know where and how to apply them. An underrated gem and worth your time if you played the first KOTOR.
76561198068095205,Recommended,208580,13861599,"Posted: 6 January, 2015",all,Dokkims,if u r a man....a real man...u will play this
,Recommended,208580,13862022,"Posted: 6 January, 2015",all,hatchetman,ok so i like this game and the first one. i also play the old republic online. theyre great games but i wish that they would put out the 3rd kotor i think they would make a killing off the game. and im sure im not the only one to say this. anyone else think im right?
,Recommended,208580,13862292,"Posted: 6 January, 2015",all,GG END,Best game I hope they decide to make a 3rd and redo the first 2 with a possible co-op option in the game interface. WOuld be so awesome finishing quests on lan.
76561198025448170,Recommended,208580,13852569,"Posted: 5 January, 2015",all,gstepniewski,Probably the best sci-fi RPG of all time.
76561198063150530,Recommended,208580,13858196,"Posted: 5 January, 2015",all,Nomad,Wow what an amazing game loved the story
,Recommended,208580,13917748,"Posted: 9 January, 2015",all,AgentS7,"More than a good game, more than a bad one, I prefer an INTERESTING game. With its dark and clever metacommentary on the Star Wars universe itself, its multilayered characters, and a truly bleak atmosphere that conveys the horrors of war far more than any weepy montage of Jedi Knights getting gunned down, Knights of the Old Republic 2 (KotOR2) more than fits the bill.HOWEVER, IT IS VERY IMPORTANT THAT YOU DOWNLOAD SOME KIND OF CONTENT PATCH FOR THIS GAME. KotOR2 was rushed for the holidays, and a ton of vital content was left on the cuttng room floor, from characters scenes to incredibly important plot details. The Sith Lords Restoration Patch is one of the best. DO NOT play this game without something like that.Following closely the heels of the first game, KotOR2 examines in more depth exactly what would happen to the people of a galaxy after decades of war, and it isn't pretty. From the protagonist to the party members, everyone has been scarred...and the scars are more subtle than some bomb-scorched landscape. It takes a simultaneously more mystical view of the Force and a more critical view. After all, has the Force really done anything in the Star Wars universe but perpetuate years for its thousand-year history?Of course, the game has some clever ""outs"" built into the story to keep the deconstructions from getting too heavy--some unreliable narration, though you'll have to play for yourself to see what I mean. And while the game plays well enough, it's essentially more of the same KotOR we got last time...along with the same massively overpowered character you get by the end of the game. All these goes with the afformentioned fact that the game really isn't done--the pacing can be a mess towards the end, even with the patch.Ultimately, it's up to you whether this makes the game worthwhile. As for me, this is one of my all-time favorites. It made me think--not just about Star Wars, but about the world outside of it. And I say that if a game can do that, it's damn worth a few hills of bugs."
76561198073279276,Recommended,208580,13922667,"Posted: 10 January, 2015",all,AceGokuu,"a fun RPG game,has a few bugs"
,Recommended,208580,13371284,"Posted: 14 December, 2014",all,buch,10/10 Would play atleast 2 times for both sides.After 7 years of being unable to actually play this game because of pc problems finally managed to do it. AMAZING
76561198107054931,Recommended,208580,13932807,"Posted: 10 January, 2015",all,DerpingToast,DIS GAIM IS GR8 BUY IT NOW
76561197998609021,Recommended,208580,13936837,"Posted: 10 January, 2015",all,Skipper,"A fantastic and enjoyable sequel too the Award winning knights of the old republic.In some ways this game doesn't achieve on the same levels as the first, but this one does open up the galaxy and it's history which gives the story more depth and the lore of the Star Wars galaxy as a whole.Unfortunatley for thid game, this was a dark period in gaming where many great titles were rushed too the completetion this game and Fable are a good example of this. Although it's clear this game intended to offer alot more then it did, it doesn't detract away from the experiance.Enjoy revisting some familar places and other places which were pivotal but never explored in Kotor.p.s  It's disappoting that  Kotor 2 needed Kotor 3 which never happend."
76561198054388294,Recommended,208580,13462950,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,Bilbo Laggins,Recaptures the fun of the first game with some welcome changes and new powers. Story is gritty and less engaging. (5/10)
,Recommended,208580,3487484,"Posted: 28 April, 2013",all,[SIN7] Chronic,Classic.
76561198034916917,Recommended,208580,13267204,"Posted: 7 December, 2014",all,Immaletyoufinish,Really fun. Good story.
,Recommended,208580,13844995,"Posted: 5 January, 2015",all,Adeptus Ineptus,"I really enjoyed Knights of the Old Republic (KotOR), and I also really like this one, too. You might think of it as a Star Wars franchise precursor to Mass Effect with a Baldur's Gate-styled combat system where you can pause during real-time to change weapons, queue up items/weapons and force powers. Unlike Mass Effect, it is a dice-roll system and you can't control the weapons, so the combat isn't quite as gripping but that doesn't downgrade the overall quality of the game. Character development and alignment are a big focus in this game, and so like Mass Effect 2 & 3 you'll find your decisions have consequences for you and your crew. Just like KotOR, this game has a massive amount of story and plot which can be explored in as much depth as you want. If you want to just focus on finishing the main storyline, you can; if you want to go digging up lots of information and do lots of side quests, you can do that, too. This is a great title for any Star Wars or RPG gaming fan to add to their collection. *****"
76561198079413354,Recommended,208580,13468319,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,Crippling Opression,"While this game suffers from the fact that it was rushed out of development before it was ready, it still has a brilliant story. The end is pretty bad, though. I would reccomend installing the Sith Lords Restored Content Mod for this, as it finishes a lot of the missing gameplay and story. I have played and replayed it purely out of nostalgia, but i would say it definitely has more than 14 hours of gameplay for an average player. Another thing to note is the fact that this game might not appeal to players who haven't played the original KoTOR."
76561198122044587,Recommended,208580,13811725,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,Curse,Fantastic sequel to a near flawless game. Glitches (which may have been due to the port) are non existent. Graphics hold up from its time. Tons of fun to play and one of the best RPG's I've ever played. 10/10
,Recommended,208580,13949889,"Posted: 11 January, 2015",all,Pantsu,"Despite this game being ten years old, it still managed to become one of the best games I have ever played when I purchased it two days ago."
76561198065600894,Recommended,208580,13817771,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,Exar5Kun5,Very good game!Really good story.
,Recommended,208580,13747903,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,jason_ryu134,"One of the best games I have played. Was so happy to see this on Steam, and works perfect with the restored content mod."
76561198043092670,Recommended,208580,13793812,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,JimIsHappy,Awesome!
76561198173293466,Recommended,208580,14792188,"Posted: 8 March, 2015",all,nitr0x606,"Played it back when it first came out and I'll have to say your missing out if you dont have the restore content mod, huge difference in storyline, nuff said GREAT game"
76561198132611854,Recommended,208580,14928659,"Posted: 16 March, 2015",all,PVM,"KOTOR II is an enhanced version of KOTOR which made various improvements, making the gameplay much better and more versatile. Now you start as a Jedi, which gives you the opportunity to explore the powers, including some additional ones to the previous version. There is no level cap, although some enemies become harder as you advance your level. The relationships with the other characters are now scored based on your actions and dialogue options, which made the interactions more interesting. Also, you now have one million different ways to customize your weapons and armors - those who like micromanaging your characters will love that. The story line and the main plot of the game are very well written and keep your interest through the whole game, with the exception of the endings. The available endings were very disappointing and it appears that the developers were in a rush to end the game. Nevertheless, it is one of the best PC RPGs that I have ever played and I definitively recommend playing this game, especially if you liked the first and/or is a Star Wars fan. Like its first version, it deserves to be considered one of the best RPG of all times."
76561198031043564,Recommended,208580,14999841,"Posted: 21 March, 2015",all,Hateraide2011,"Great old game, please get the content restored community mod.  Make sure its installed right and it will had alot to the game.   GREAT GAME, they don't make them like this any more.  Games like this would be cut up into pieces and sold off as DLC content and Deluxe versions.  Sad state of affairs for modern gaming."
76561198071108459,Recommended,208580,15574876,"Posted: 26 April, 2015",all,Dr. Bleach,"If you loved star wars the old republic, this game is no exception, the story once again differs from endings on how you play the game. Atleast in the main story because the side missions you do in here don't really have a big affect on the main story.But once again an great RPG great story, but the problem I have with these kind of games is that they are really tiresom when you have to fight a enemy, wave after wave after wave. It can get really dull and boring quickly, other than that the game is just like the first only I liked the first game story better more plot twists and more to the core story telling. Really fun and enjoyable and I would recommend this to anyone.overall score: 81/100"
,Recommended,208580,11891286,"Posted: 27 August, 2014",all,Marksman,"I played this game years ago on the Xbox original and loved it then.  It still has a story which is very good and I still found a few things new that I didn't find back then.  It also has plenty of mods and is reasonably easy to install these mods.  One word of warning though I bought this on steam and had no bother, tried using a disk version I got cheap and it didn't.  In saying that KOTOR I did work with disk.  A mod that I would recommend is the restored content mod as it fills in some pretty obvious gaps."
,Recommended,208580,15533694,"Posted: 25 April, 2015",all,Squall Leonhart,"This the first Game I bought on Steam; But I first bought this game on the Orginal XBox.I loved it; the StarWars Lore, the Good/Evil line, the exploration, becoming a Jedi and building a Lightsaber, the level-up system to learn new feats and force ablities, Influencing my companions, and sometimes making them Jedi.This was definetly, one of my Favourite games."
,Recommended,208580,15689812,"Posted: 4 May, 2015",all,[LuNo] Thanatosian Phoenix,"Another brilliant game in the Kotor series. A spectacular sequel to the masterpiece that is Kotor. I would reccomend playing the first game before starting this one but it isn't essential, I actually played this one first and it didn't detract from the experience at all. There are some changes to the Kotor engine and overall gameplay but these changes are all good, for example containers now tell you if they are empty which is very helpful when returning to areas. Some more brilliant storywriting and character creation/customization. Even more feats and force abilities and a brilliant combat engine. The graphics have aged remarkably well and the level design is near perfect. Some challenging puzzles and battles but this only adds to the experience.May Fortuna watch over you in your gaming, and IRL, endeavours.Thanatosian Phoenix"
,Recommended,208580,15694914,"Posted: 4 May, 2015",all,RedIJedi,Excellent old school star wars rpg action. I do reccomend downloading a mod that restores missing dialouge and some other things. It made it a much better experience.
76561198146243079,Recommended,208580,15789999,"Posted: 11 May, 2015",all,Polkarou,I like this game.  Ya sure its dated and the story has been punched into the ground a million times by books and movies and  games but this was the pionear that gave games like mass effect its roots. I cant go into depth because its just a good game. Im suprised that it is still current and even on steam when so many have been moved over toGOG.comwhen they start to get aged.Pros:clean obvious story theres no jerk arounds any convo had thats plot related gets put in (english) into a journal.The cutscenes are interesting and not invasive or long ther to the point and quick.The script is interesting and cool and fun and immersive and funny at times. Its a tiny bit clunky at times but thats the times.The only reason im doing the review in this order is because im playing this game right now so its fresh.Cons:Its dated... its polygons alot of them and some of the ships are boring and plain.The diologue can get teadious and you will find yourself with light and dark side points when you just try and skip through it..........All and all it will be aswome to old fans and to new players it will be a treat because beyond the 3 choice systems of the bioware series this is a stand alone game with little to no reapeats in from other games.
,Recommended,208580,10813846,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,TOPGENUINEBLOKE,Great Storyline awesome!
,Recommended,208580,1940966,"Posted: 17 September, 2012",all,Walrus Maximus,"This game is absolutely amazing. I know it is very buggy and seems unfinished, and even so I played it over 10 times, completed, on my XBox. Then, when I bought the PC version, the restoration mod blew me away. This made puts in all the cut content from the game and fixes the many glitches in it. This mod makes the game rival even the outstanding original. I highly recommend it."
76561198082069507,Recommended,208580,14701811,"Posted: 28 February, 2015",all,starwarclon,2nd best starwars game made so far
76561198003850423,Recommended,208580,14638827,"Posted: 24 February, 2015",all,kk^_-JT,"I loved to play the KotoR series, but i have to say it's the KotoR I that i loved the most. The 2nd is good also (!!) but in my opinion its the KotoR I which has the better story. I know it's not a comparing site, its a review, but i wanted to share my thoughts about these games. :D"
76561198067999878,Recommended,208580,14319013,"Posted: 3 February, 2015",all,dremarcleb,Excellent storyline and gameplay. The faction modifier for lightside and darkside makes this game replayable several times. The graphics and sound effects are above and beyond for the Star Wars sensation. I felt like an actual Jedi on lightside run through. I will replay as a darkside character and am looking forward to being a menace in the game. Character development is good from the standpoint of modifying your faction as you play but the initial development is a little dry. I would have enjoyed more flexibility with the appearance of the character but for the year it was released I think it is well within the expectations. Love this game.
76561198166509700,Recommended,208580,14488003,"Posted: 15 February, 2015",all,Darth.arsewipe,Knights of the old republic ll is a thrilling rpg just about as good as its predisessor. i feel the game had the potential to surpass the original if given propper development time. but despite this kotor 2 is still by far and away one of the best rpgs in the market and is my joint favorite game of all time.Arsewipe scale rating 10/10
76561198098410701,Recommended,208580,14534986,"Posted: 18 February, 2015",all,URBANxERA,Best starwars game by far.
76561198007612096,Recommended,208580,14581024,"Posted: 21 February, 2015",all,Darth Snuffy,"This game is old but still so much fun. With modded content you get a complete version of the game with many new maps and storyline. Has a few major glitches so watch out, and save often."
76561198089182949,Not Recommended,208580,14456637,"Posted: 13 February, 2015",all,j.roland.b,"Why does Steam sell this game if it crashes and does not work?!?!?! I want a refund!! The game will crash when entering random levels. I can’t finish the game because of this. Steam apparently has Zero support for this, and the original game studio has absolutely no way of contacting them for support for this game (it’s kind of old). I tried this game on two different computers with the same results. What the heck Steam? Test your crap before selling it."
76561198027611814,Recommended,208580,14667620,"Posted: 26 February, 2015",all,Juan,"If you played KOTOR 1, then you know what you are up to: a great game, with great mechanics, storyline, and soundtrack. Plus, it's Star Wars.10/10"
76561198121582135,Recommended,208580,14732031,"Posted: 2 March, 2015",all,FlyFlav,meh
,Recommended,208580,514389,"Posted: 8 March, 2013",all,Kal Jenko,Not as good as the first but still a very enjoyable game :)
,Recommended,208580,14751265,"Posted: 5 March, 2015",all,Jee,"One of the best received sequels made. It's much like the 1st but polished and upgraded in many ways. Highly recommended, many hours of fun to be had here."
76561198077795180,Recommended,208580,15994156,"Posted: 24 May, 2015",all,d0g333,"Ok, so although I am recommending this game, do not think that this is a perfect game.Prosgreat storysolid gameplaycool gaming conceptsI get to build my own lightsaber?! cool!(there are more pros, but i cant think of them right now)CONSok, so my god this game has some MAJOR glitches.  These glitches are not just few and far between, no, there are ALOT of glitches, several of which can keep a player from completing the story line, so take the devs advice and save OFTEN.Combat system is not for everyone, I purchased this game (being an idiot accidentally purchasing second one before first, dont ask) I expected it to be a hack and slash game, however it is NOT, which is ok, I personally enjoyed the system, it just isnt for everyone.Journal does not do the greatest job in telling you what you need to do next.RATING8/10storyline and general fun i had was worth it, but the major glitches kept me from giving 10/10"
,Recommended,208580,15995338,"Posted: 25 May, 2015",all,rybonds12,"This game is fantastic... if you have the Restored Content Mod. Do yourself a favor and install that mod. It finishes the game, because this wasn't finished upon release. The game rivals the first Kotor in terms of quality when the mod is active and there is probably 10+ hours of content added to the game.Normal Game- 7/10Restored Content- 9/10Worth buying but the Restored Content Mod is a MUST."
76561198043515862,Recommended,208580,16031730,"Posted: 27 May, 2015",all,Hungry Wizard,"don't lie, you loved this game. The graphics did not age well. other than that, Its still fun to play. Even if only for the nostalgia"
76561198194618337,Recommended,208580,16069986,"Posted: 29 May, 2015",all,GLHaymond2814,"I love this game! I was excited to get KOTOR 1 and 2. The first runs great, if not perfect on my laptop, but KOTOR 2 is laggy when I play. It'll play fine for a bout 10 seconds and then start glitching out again. Unfortunately I haven't had a good experience with this purchase. So I'm not saying you shouldn't buy this game cause it's one of the best I've ever played, but just do what you can to make sure that it can run well on your computer so that you can have the best experience while playing."
76561198030121930,Recommended,208580,15307183,"Posted: 11 April, 2015",all,Detryon,This review is mainly about potential computer problems with the game I've had and not about the content. Here's my two word summary of the game content. IT'S AWESOME. If you think this game will work on your PC there is no decision to be made. This is one of the best RPGs I have ever played and I have played many RPGs. It's darker and more interesting the KOTOR 1 and is comparable to Dragon Age.The combat is fun though it has been pretty easy at times (I'm playing on medium). The npcs are so dynamic and interesting that the game really comes to life. The game makers have done an excellent job of creating an immersive universe with each character possessing their own distinct cultural background that influences their actions and the way they interact with you. Just beware of the problems that I'm going to be mentioning bellow.This happens on my computer but I can't guarantee that it will happen on yours of course. I have a laptop that runs windows 7. I've done some research on the internet and a lot of other people with windows 7 have been having problems as well. I got about 2 hours into the game and suddenly after a cutscene the game stops working. This is a great game but I wish it worked on my PC. There have been others who have had problems getting it to work as well.UPDATE 1Ok a few weeks after getting the game I figured out how to get it to run on my PC. I hope this helps those of you who are also having trouble with the game shutting down after every cutscene. So when the game is launched the game windowed rather than full screen it works for me. I would change it to full screen after this by clicking on any screen resolution under graphics options. If you leave the game windowed rather than put it in full screen the game will continue to work after cutscenes for me at least. This has helped some people running windows 7 but not everyone. I hope this helps!What I did to have the game be windowed was go toC:\program files (x86)\steam\SteamApps\common\Knights of the Old Republic IIThen open Swkotor2.iniUnder display options change Fullscreen:1 to Fullscreen 0Then under Graphics options change Fullscreen:1 to Fullscreen: 0This worked for me and I hope that you are able to enjoy this amazing game as well.Have an awesome day Yo!
76561198054156478,Recommended,208580,15920678,"Posted: 20 May, 2015",all,StarKat,"A smarter, longer, and more complex followup to Knights of the Old Republic, its sequel The Sith Lords demonstrates that Bioware aren't the only folks that can tell a phenomenal story. Where KOTOR delved into the classic battles between good versus evil that Star Wars is famous for, KOTOR II takes a route between the lines of light and dark, travelling in the wake of the former to determine the repercussions of both sides, diving deep into the true meaning of what it is to champion good or evil, and everything - and everyone - in between. Featuring improved game mechanics, a greater roster of characters, and a wonderfully new direction, The Sith Lords is a brilliant follow-up to its predecessor, rivaling it as one of the best Star Wars games to date.As a side note, download the Restored Content mod for this game immediately. The developers did leave a minor subplot hanging, but left much of the content on the game disc, and a group of modders has helpfully restored it to functionality. Trust me, it's a delight."
,Recommended,208580,12511915,"Posted: 16 October, 2014",all,Atomicmonkeysex,"After all these years it's still a great game. Maybe it doesn't have the graphics or responsiveness of newer games, but it's got that nostalgia factor"
76561198041006108,Recommended,208580,4710418,"Posted: 6 February, 2013",all,ashposh,"Awesome game! Even better than the first one. Love the ability to choose and side and honestly, there are so many things that you can do, I play this game over and over."
76561198031092153,Recommended,208580,12560039,"Posted: 18 October, 2014",all,fxhat,Great Game
,Recommended,208580,5447706,"Posted: 10 May, 2013",all,Supertoast,Great game up until the endgame. Then it's just sad for what could have been. Prime example of a producer rushing the developers to finish the project by a particular date.Could have been my favorite game of all time and one of the best RPGs out there... but it's hurt too much by what could have been and what was left out...
,Recommended,208580,3653035,"Posted: 13 August, 2013",all,smithy,if you combine this game with this:http://www.moddb.com/mods/the-sith-lords-restored-content-mod-tslrcm/downloads/m4-78-enhancement-projectand this:http://www.moddb.com/mods/the-sith-lords-restored-content-mod-tslrcm/downloads/tslrcm-18this will be the most brilliant science fiction rpg you have EVER. PLAYED.
76561198080092518,Recommended,208580,10966651,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,He-Minge,"This game tho.It's 9 years old and still one of my favorite games of all time (The original and skyrim being above it)First, the graphics are timeless. It looks just as good relative to other games of its time on 2012+ hardware in 2014 as it looked on an original xbox console in 2005. While there aren't really any graphics customization options, there doesn't need to be.Second, the gameplay is amazing. The combat system is simple yet very satisfying. (I use the same attack move every single time and it never gets old) And the rpg elements are really good as well.Third, the story is really well developed. While I admittedly didn't pay much attention to the story, there is plenty out there for you fanatics, such as extended dialogue options, journals (holopads) and sidequests.The ONLY downside to this steam purchase is that the PC compatibility is bad. You have to do some tweaking with the config files to get this game to run on a newer operating system. That being said it's well worth it!Now to address the ""rush job"" arguments that everyone makes. Yes, this game could have been much better if obsidian had the chance to work on it longer. But if you consider this game independent of the first, it is definately still a great game!"
76561198057856294,Recommended,208580,10975908,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,Sev07,"My all time favorite. Even if you aren't a Star Wars fan, you'll love this game."
76561198036565418,Recommended,208580,10978506,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,DualAngel1,"My greatest childhood game has come to steam. In my honest opinion this is the best star wars game ever made, as it has an amazing narrative aspects, deep involving story and an amazing combat system which is all wrapped up in a lovely star wars bundle given to you by LucasArts. 10/10."
76561198048450956,Recommended,208580,10613058,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,Leowtha,"100000000000000/10 Good game would play infinately over again.[There is a 'Restored Content' Mod bringing the game's cut content back into play, increasing the satisfaction of both the Story and Ending tenfold. Find that♥♥♥♥♥♥]"
76561198067238049,Recommended,208580,6482470,"Posted: 21 June, 2013",all,Koma,Just as good if not better than the first. 10/10
,Recommended,208580,193765,"Posted: 4 December, 2012",all,Hyberian,"If you dont already know, :)"
76561198062362431,Recommended,208580,10904250,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,LordSaltytheThird,amazing
76561197995154172,Recommended,208580,10904502,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,cadonomgo,"If you have played and liked the first game then give this one ago, with the sith lords restored content mod it is really good. Also the choices in this game are less black and white/good and evil and more ambiguas than in the original"
76561198010566291,Recommended,208580,10906221,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,Anubis44,"Not as good as the first, still amazing"
76561198118288216,Recommended,208580,10906652,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,Lone Falcon,Not the best gameplay and fighting but the rich story makes up for it easily in my opinionGameplay-6/10Fighting-4/10Story-10/10
76561198045229124,Recommended,208580,10891330,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,davemc1977,awsome game must play for any RPG LOVER
76561198039042767,Recommended,208580,10894367,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,Xtravin,Where have the hours gone! One of the best games by far I have ever played.
,Recommended,208580,10583517,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,Ninthu,"To me, this was an spectacular, and epic sequel to one of my favorite games of all time. This is definently an improvement from   the first K.O.T.O.R game from Bioware, since they are new features to the game that I enjoyed but others might not enjoy. Like, the higher cost of dark side force powers if you use more light side force powers and more. In my opinion, the difficulty of  the game is better and makes it more challenging at times against certain enemies that you encounter in the game."
76561198026109176,Recommended,208580,19926050,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,kas,lesss go
76561198013860197,Not Recommended,208580,19926368,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,sean.strasma,horrible. the save game files won't properly load. Keep loading a character called Arren Ren or something to that effect. No mods installed it's a problem with the game itself
,Recommended,208580,19817576,"Posted: 20 December, 2015",all,Squareslug,"A now much older game, KOTOR 2 is a great follow up to the original in the series. The game suffers from some poor pacing but does a fantastic job with the story and character developments if you give it time. It's a shame the game was rushed towards the end of the game though. You can REALLY tell they didn't have time to finish the game, laughably so.If you don't mind venturing back to an older RPG, I definitely recommend this. Though, you might want to play the original first."
76561198118058762,Recommended,208580,19798436,"Posted: 19 December, 2015",all,lukas.macuda,It's still the best Star Wars game ever. I played it ten years ago and now thanks to Steam I can play it again. If you don't care about graphics it can still match the new RPG games.I only miss changing feats and powers during the game.
,Recommended,208580,19849477,"Posted: 22 December, 2015",all,Ferman (or Hi),Its amazing
76561198051473196,Recommended,208580,19840359,"Posted: 22 December, 2015",all,thesorrow,"Back when the game first came out, a friend of mine told me about all the amazing things this game had but I could not play it unfortunately. That is now done ! I played the game about 40 hours but it offers great replayability as you may play as a Jedi or as a Sith Lord depending on the choices you make during the game. I found the game was very immersive and for a while I only played Star Wars: KOTOR II. Technically speaking the graphics still look a bit outdated but I don't really mind as far as I am concerned. The game ran smoothly under Windows 8.1, with a couple of crashes here and there but nothing serious really. I haven't tried it under Windows 10. All in all a great game to play !"
,Recommended,208580,19838083,"Posted: 21 December, 2015",all,ZIBZ,The game does not work at all on Windows 10.  Way to go microsoft.
,Recommended,208580,19829883,"Posted: 21 December, 2015",all,EvilEyp,"This game is a serious masterpiece in my opinion. Here is a list of some of the pros and cons I have noticed about the game:PROS:-One of the greatest examples of a branching narrative ever. Almost every little thing you do will have an impact later on-You don't have to be a hero! You can be one of the most rotten, evil, corrupt (Quite literally) people to have ever walked the galaxy-TLSRM- The Sith Lords Restored Content mod gives the game a serious boost, by restoring a hell of a lot of  the scrapped content from the games rushed released date-Active devs- This game is a ten year old Star Wars RPG. Seems like something that would not have devs continuing to update the game. But they did. And that update turned the game up from a somewhat dissapointing sequel into one of the greatest RPGs ever-The game has workshop compatibility and a semi-active modding community, so you won't have to go through the hassle of those complicated installing procedures-There is character growth in this game in both power and personality, both of which are always amazing in the game.-Lots of save slots. Ever wanted to go on two different paths of both the dark side and the light side using the same character? Well, all of your dreams an wishes have now come true thanks to the abundant amount of save slots.-The plot of this game is very personal, for your character's actions are entirely up to you, and since the character is usually a reflection of the player, when someone does something to harm or help you, it can be felt on a very personal level-It is a dark star wars game. Need I say more?CONS:-Auto-Save is pretty much useless in this game considering how little it actually works.-On the topic of auto-save, saving the game can be a bother considering you have to go into your menu, go into your save, chose to create a new slot or overwrite an existing, then you have to press the confirmation button, and exit the menu. It is really tedious, and very annoying when you get so caught up in the story, environment, and gameplay, it is easy to forget to save, die while fighting a Sith or something, and get pushed back a few levels."
76561198162873595,Recommended,208580,19847887,"Posted: 22 December, 2015",all,Wharghoul207,one of my favorite games ever.  I just got a new gaming pc so I was relaly excited when I saw KOTOR series on here.  the restoration mod fixes most all of the issues the original version had and adds a ton of new stuff.  I generally do not play these types of games but this one i cant get enough of.
76561197979623083,Recommended,208580,19846792,"Posted: 22 December, 2015",all,Bofrostmann,"This is simply one of the best RPGs I've ever played.Great story, great characters, long playtime, lots of fun.Still hope that there'll be a 3rd part though."
,Recommended,208580,19811686,"Posted: 20 December, 2015",all,Plock,"The ""Fallout: New Vegas"" to KOTOR 1's ""Fallout 3"".Improves on everything, basically. And it's made by Obsidian."
,Recommended,208580,19814489,"Posted: 20 December, 2015",all,R8NDOM,Very fun game except for the fact I can't proceed through the tutorial because the astromech party character never spawns in fuel tube and and it's remains are all thats left.
,Recommended,208580,19809385,"Posted: 20 December, 2015",all,Ophenius,"Easily my favourite Star Wars RPG. The constant themes of dealing with events in the grey area and not a clear light and dark outcome is fantastic. KOTOR 1 may have started it all, but this game is much more engaging in terms of story and characters."
76561197983086427,Recommended,208580,19804621,"Posted: 20 December, 2015",all,nice garry,9/10
76561198023626732,Recommended,208580,3490099,"Posted: 31 August, 2012",all,DasTaco,absolutely amazing worth every penny
76561198257901449,Recommended,208580,19978321,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,Nevix,"Oh, boy. Where to begin with this game? Well, first off, I'm not basing my review on the above five hours but rather on the ten plus hours on the original xbox. This game is one of the best rpg's of all time, coming second (in my opinion) only to Oblivion. Sure, the graphics are a bit dated and it's a tab targeting system, but once you get past that, it's amazing. And that was my expierience WITHOUT mods, the workshop support for this game is just great. If you have even a passing intrest in Star Wars, RPG's, or kickass laser swords, do yourself a favor and play this game."
,Recommended,208580,19987563,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,Around999People,Even though the game is glitchy and needs extensive mods to make it appeal to the tastes more it is still a great game with great veriaty. It is probably one of the bes Star Wars games.
76561198060684703,Recommended,208580,19951612,"Posted: 25 December, 2015",all,Mvisk,"Worth the money.Very creative.Doesn't get boring at all.Alot of hours and playing time.Alot of achivements.Maybe too long but its adventure.^Alot of adventureStar Wars is coolYou get to be a Jedi, and Jedi's are cool.YOU CAN SKIP CUT SCEENS."
76561198068506088,Recommended,208580,19951723,"Posted: 25 December, 2015",all,OOG_MLG,Probably the best Star Wars game I have ever player. This or KOTOR. Amazing game.
,Recommended,208580,19966102,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,fred,... it is worth to get played through... i love it...
,Recommended,208580,19954007,"Posted: 25 December, 2015",all,tonytongji,Classic title. Great story. A sequel to a highly successful game that doesn't disappoint.
,Recommended,208580,17173711,"Posted: 22 July, 2015",all,Michael Zacker,"Not entirely up to the standard of the first game but still enjoyable. I only played it with the restored content mod installed, without that mod the game is said to be a significantly worse experience."
76561198059888366,Recommended,208580,19956623,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,zos,"10/10Lesson that you would to buy it :Good game. Classic. Wish they made another one, and not mess it up."
76561198004798204,Recommended,208580,19956673,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,Tontse,Awsome Star Wars game! you will love it
,Recommended,208580,20016027,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,AndrexWolf,"One of the best RPG's i ever played. Great story and characthers,  and addicting gameplay."
,Recommended,208580,19876215,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,VnnAmed,I allready have kotor and TSL physical copies. But added support for Linux in this one is a deal maker. Thanks guys.
76561198024535758,Recommended,208580,19876300,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,boudepain,"Fantastic game, great history, great ost, great gameplay. The game did aged a bit  but the pleasure is still here. I did not finish it years ago, I bought it again to finish the story and I am very happy about it."
76561198059258363,Recommended,208580,19864218,"Posted: 22 December, 2015",all,MadManMatt137,"This is one of the best written games of all time, and contains what is probably one of the most unique female character of any RPG ever; Kreia. The game has a dark and gloomy feel, everywhere around you there is despair and fear, and it is your choice whether you add hope, or crush it. The game takes place after two unimaginably destructive wars. Wars that have left probably less than a dozen or so Jedi Masters and Sith lords together. You are the Exile, you left the Order with Revan to save the Republic in its losin war against the Mandalorians, but after the final battle against them at Malachor V you turn away from war, and return to the Jedi, only to be exiled and cut off from the force. During your exile, the Jedi Civil war takes place (This is the first game, definitely worth playing as well), when Revan falls to the Dark Side and lures much of the Jedi Order and Republic military with him. With the galaxy already reeing from the Mandalorian Wars, this next war is like having WWII immediately after WWI. Once the Jedi Civil War ends, the Republic is about to collapse and only a handful of Jedi remain, and their numbers dwindle to Sith assassins and a few mysterious Sith Lords. You return to the galaxy here.Story (See above) 10/10Combat Mechanics: Operate like any turn based rpg, but are not too clunky and you can change actions or move anytime, it gets the job done, and doesn't have any major flaws 8/10Content: Wish there was more, but there is enough so the story doesn't feel rushed, and side quests are reasonably avaliable. 8/10Followers/Companions: Absolutely amazing story for every companion, especially Atton and Kreia. Tslk to them all often 10/10The game is obviously old, and the graphics compared to today are terrible, if that bothers you dont get it. If you can get past that, this game has one of the greatest strories i've ever experienced. The ending is sad in my opinion, which makes the game feel truly unique. It leaves you wanting more, and feels like there is more this series can offer. If only the made a real sequel and not the MMO SWTOR."
,Recommended,208580,19873716,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,DontDisPutin,Play it meatbags.
76561198099188998,Recommended,208580,19872772,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,aarondoc,"I have always loved this game back when i orginally played it the first xbox but now after playing on steam with the restored content mod my experience has been further enhanced. The story really makes you think about your choices thanks to one of your companions Kreia, who in my opinion, remains one the most dense and compeling characters in Star Wars. Anyone who enjoys Star Wars and RP should definitely play this game as well as the first game. Yes there may be some discrepancies but overall an enjoyable Star Wars experience."
,Recommended,208580,19857094,"Posted: 22 December, 2015",all,Zami,Kotor 1 had a well writed story and kotor 2 do not desapoint. One of the best !
,Recommended,208580,19857113,"Posted: 22 December, 2015",all,PouncingWalrus,Best rpg i've ever played. Highly recommend.
76561198042856575,Recommended,208580,19859231,"Posted: 22 December, 2015",all,thedudebro27,"Better than ever before, this game will consume you its awesome. I remember when i was a kid and falling in love with kortor 1. I must have been about 14 or 15 when kortor 2 came out. I played through it and i did not enjoy it as much as the first one but i was just a kid. fast forward many years later and now im 26 and kortor 2 is awesome. better than the first one. seems to have aged like a fine wine only to be appreicated with a more mature understanding. I give it a 10 out of 10. its to bad we dont have star wars games like this any more."
,Recommended,208580,19900346,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,[ Anti ] Jackomitus,yes
,Recommended,208580,19901085,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,e|m0z,nice game
76561197973916952,Recommended,208580,20080711,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,chickenSandwich,This is an old classic.  Crafting your characters to become as good or evil as you wish is a lot of fun.  The swoop racing can be a pleasant diversion. Works great in Ubuntu 14.04 (Linux 3.13.0-74-lowlatency).  I hope that other titles will become available for Linux.  I would definitely recommend this game to other Linux users.
76561198018426641,Recommended,208580,20080952,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,cloneless,"Even after eleven years its stands tall, especially with a MOD. I love it."
,Recommended,208580,20129074,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,Ryanwithtats79,An excellent RPG made even better with an update for 1080p graphics and full controller support
,Recommended,208580,20125924,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,Jamal,THIS GAME <3 No words will do this game any justice. The fact that I enjoy this more than the majority of the more recent games is amazing considering it came out in 2004. I would happily pay fulll price for this again. At first the graphics are average but as you become immersed you do not notice them. This game gives you complete control over your charcter from there weapons to there faith. Do yourself a favour and buy this game. 10/10 My favourite game even now in 2015.
76561198099156178,Recommended,208580,20126275,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,LUKE.EXE,the best star wars RPG. thats all that needs to ne said
,Recommended,208580,13272750,"Posted: 7 December, 2014",all,Barrykins,Great story with a somewhat mediorce last half. Buggy in parts and crashed a few times but all in all pretty solid.
,Recommended,208580,13303092,"Posted: 10 December, 2014",all,Goats McScrotes,"This game is a childhood favorite of mine, and now it's mostly complete with the restoration mod."
76561198023133307,Recommended,208580,13239257,"Posted: 5 December, 2014",all,all_of_usmr,"This game may be buggier and it may have a less well made story than KOTOR 1 but I consider KOTOR 2 better.  It greatly expands the mechanics seen it KOTOR 1.  While the story feels unfocused and at times hurried, it explores its concepts in a more interesting fashion.  Many of the bug problems and some of the story problems can be fixed by installing the ""Content Restore"" mod."
76561198036313575,Recommended,208580,13244533,"Posted: 5 December, 2014",all,galasocj,My game keeps freezing at multiple points in the game and now i am at a spot where i cant even continue the game because as soon as i load in (if i load in at all) the game freezes. is there any way to fix this? ive deleted and redownloaded game several times and that has not worked.
,Recommended,208580,13286611,"Posted: 8 December, 2014",all,Pleeaboo,"This game is not bad in any way, but it isn't as good as the original. For me this game had a few bugs and glitches in it and I will admit that I got lost a few times throughout it. I recommend this game to anyone who enjoyed the original and if you are interested in this game I also recommend that you try out the first one before this game."
,Recommended,208580,6671675,"Posted: 16 July, 2013",all,Ravidalfs,"This is NOT  a recomendation!The game used to be awesome in older times (it still is in fact), but the lack of a decent patch for the current hardware generation makes this game so buggy that I cannot even recognize its greatness. The screen goes black with me periodically and I have friends with real decent hardware, like I7 and GTX 570, with startups problems.Shame!I DO NOT recomend this game."
,Recommended,208580,14353429,"Posted: 6 February, 2015",all,Atrumitos,Great game thanks to the community!  You NEED to use the extra content and fixes the community came up with but it's absolutely worth the time and effort.
,Recommended,208580,10141603,"Posted: 16 May, 2014",all,Patrick J Fox,Pretty good game didnt play it alot back then but its good now :3
,Recommended,208580,14335354,"Posted: 4 February, 2015",all,|UDPC| Manfreak,Fantastic game but incomplete.
,Recommended,208580,1832323,"Posted: 16 May, 2013",all,Darantyr,"Outstanding RPG, overcoming many of today's franchises by gameplay, depthness and script. It shapes an universe of its own, away from the lolbellion and derpire, forming a new identity that feels fresh, while still not losing its natural charm. Without any doubt, a must-play for any RPG fans out there. Even if you don't like Star Wars, give it a try! Both Kotors are worthwhile and have an excellent narrative."
,Recommended,208580,2455458,"Posted: 18 March, 2013",all,The Ramby,"Knight of the Old Republic II is one of the best games. It has very interesting story, with a lot impressive dialouges and incredible voiceacting. It's rpg part isn't though anything special, it is a classic RPG game, without anything fancy, it has all what it should be there. The jedi battles are fun and beatiful, the choreography is on the top level.I would recommend this game to everybody, especially Star Wars fans.Great game!"
76561198026750473,Recommended,208580,14705581,"Posted: 1 March, 2015",all,SwaggyJ,"Very well structed game, but certainly is not polished at all. There are mods to fix this however...."
,Recommended,208580,14797584,"Posted: 8 March, 2015",all,qazyone,Great game. Glad Ivfound it again to play.
76561198264052196,Recommended,208580,30501643,Posted: 13 March,all,lng8435,"I played this game when I was a little kid, and even though I loved it back then, I was keeping my expectations low on my return playthrough. Suprisingly, the game was even better than I rembered; the graphics, while antiquated, still look good in HD, and the Turn Based gameplay still holds up. What really made this game stand out however was its amazing story. The way it deals with morality is almost unmatched in the video game community, and I personally feel that it puts the game above the level of even the first KOTOR(which is an amazing game in its own right). There are quite a few bugs with the game, but they can be simply fixed with the restored content mod in the workshop, so they shouldn't be that big of a problem. Overall, I highly recommend this game to anyone interested in good gameplay and even better stories.9/10"
76561198047425269,Recommended,208580,23908062,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,EthReno,"If you are a fan of Star Wars, I would strongly recommend this game and the first KOTOR game.  These games give a grey area to force users, compared to the Jedi are always good and Sith are always evil.  This game also adds in characters called Dark Jedi.  These are people that were jedi and fell to  the dark side.  However, they do not follow the Sith philosophy and they haven't been taught the Sith teachings.  Every character in this game has a unique story to make the immersion in the Star Wars universe complete.  I hope that you enjoy these games as much as I did.  Best wishes, everyone!"
76561198224310040,Recommended,208580,23914643,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,lord of fur,gmae is amaze
76561198056096151,Recommended,208580,20274592,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,Your Tovarisch Uncle Joey,"A dark and gritty reimagining of star wars lore with some of the best writing in the Star Wars mythos, and in gaming overall,  You need the TSLRCM Restoration mod to make this game reach its full potential, but when I first played this sequel to KOTOR, it blew my expectations out of the water, its a much darker and less lively place than the world of Revan and his ""Its a Small World"" Crew, with the pitch black humour and ""World Turned Upside Down"" feel of Obsidian games in other franchises lore, I think the missions are overall weaker than those in the original KOTOR, but this game is far more atmospheric, better written and with more engaging characters.(AttonRandIsTopTier)UPDATE FOR FULL SCREEN SUPPORT, STEAM WORKSHOP AND ACHIEVEMENTSKOTOR 2 hypetrain is realIts also the most in-depth and thoughtful take on the SW universe thats not simply obtuse bloated fanfiction like alot of the EU, but rather an almost horrific subversion of pepole idolising the jedi and the force, how many star wars games actually say the force is a bad thing? Your character is not the only one that gets affected towards the light or dark this time, and even further, both are viable and relatable options with complex choices to make, My friend raged when I was so influential, my Good Jedi Character made HK47 become light side (oh ♥♥♥♥ yeah, I went there).The companions are deep, complex and all utterly relatable slices of life in the underworld of Star Wars, and as your will and strength as both a Jedi and War veteran compels those around you to follow you, your choices impact their lives and the game gradually makes it apparent to you that your place in the universe is not as circumstantial as you first think, even blending gameplay mechanics quite seamlessly into the story that many games don't. And without wishing to spoil, the game throws curveballs that makes the one (you know the one) in KOTOR look worthy of a prequel era George Lucas (ok its not *that* much better).The best companion is by far Kreia, she is rarely happy or angry with your choices, her neutral alignment is not altered by you, nor does she ever advocate one side or the other, its hard to go in-depth without spoiling the game, but Kreia is ultimately your only source of teaching as others look towards you, she guides you with apt, and often unheard perspectives on the Star Wars universe (the best description of a lightsaber ever done in star wars)Runners up include Atton Rand, whose counterpart to carth onasi perfectly sums up the game's difference in tone and themes, and the Handmaiden (best waifu) and Visas Marr (For Laifu)The gameplay uses the d20  D&D formula for turn based combat, power attacks, critical strikes, flurries and healing all take the common gameplay roles you would think they have, and do the job they do in most Turn Based RPGs with a star wars twist, whats nice I will add is that there are some truly awesome melee combat animations, on the fly switchable weapon sets that were not present in KOTOR1 and the AI has more roles, from support, to ranged, aggressive, grenadier etc. It works to bridge from gameplay scene to gameplay scene. The only problem is that the Force Storm ability utterly breaks this game's spine, and can mow down 10 - 15 soldiers in a single use, be sparing if you want a challenge, if honest, the gameplay is not much to tout about, it does all it needs to do, a variety of grenades, stimulants (buffs), force powers are viable options, but ultimately, no enemies you find will truly require your entire skill set.Missions are also on a similar level to the plot, aside from telos or nar shadaar, the games are far less populated, and much of the story is told through visual, text or implied means, your character lives in the aftermath of a catastrophic sith shadow war that devastates the jedi order and people are left to fend for themselves by an overstretched republic (indeed this is the pretext for the onderon missions). The planets in KOTOR 1 were worlds designed to immerse you in a classic star wars experience, adventuring the galaxy and meeting iconic and new but comforting scenarios before the final fight against malak on his death star equivalent.By contrast, KOTOR 2 often has your character travelling worlds disconnected by the war, that ultimately rages on without the people's interest, Onderon's civil war and the criminals attempt on your life in nar shadaa are the focal points where the game is populated and often as climatic as the finale of KOTOR1, But the aftermath of a devastating civil war on Korriban or the hapless citizens of dantooine paint a far different view of a corrupt galaxy falling apart by people's own hubris and emotion, not that of the factions or force around them, its interesting definitely from a story perspective.Indeed, the missions range from super yachts filled with traps to brute force or adapt to, the twisted force manifesting on korriban, war on onderon or a desperate escape from peragus mining complexes and the corporate espionage on telos, the game is filled with czerka, gangs, force beasts, bugs, droids, soldiers, mandalorians and much more, some helpful, some hostile, all dangerous, in terms of fighting them, the combat does not vary from a strong core, but lacking variance none the less, to counter the limitations of the d20 system, KOTOR2 often sets up puzzles or circumvention to the enemies presented in each area, all use the environment beyond simply the terminals ""gas or explode options"" in KOTOR 1, so in terms of missions, its really a question of variance in story overpowering the ultimately quite samey combat, good but not what would sell alone.So missions and combat in terms of gameplay is not amazing, what really sells this game is the sheer brilliance of the writing, taking this as of yet before seen look at the world of star wars, it boils down ultimately (and a very simple look at this theme) taking the simple light vs dark morality and twisting it into a grey neutrality and telling this story through the state of the universe, and those that follow you alike, if you don't care about the Star Wars Universe or deeply envelop yourself in it, this game will not leave your perspective unchanged, I guarantee it.10/10+ Deep and Immersive World, Characters, Brilliant Twists.+ Powerful storytelling and writing, often done through imagery and implications.+ Greatest written thing in all of Star Wars (Thanks Chris Avellone you ♥♥♥♥ing magnificent ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥, what a great writer seriously!).+ In terms of story and environments, no planet is Dantooine KOTOR1 levels of meh (allthough I would say dantooine is still the worst mission in this game)+ All companions are interesting and complex, there are few stereotypical archetypes to be found.+ Game is more appreciable each time you play it and try out options.+ There's a line where Atton Rand says ""Are you an angel?"" Then bursts out laughing and saying he hopes no one says something that stupid on purpose.+ You can give HK47 a pacifist chip and he will say ""please think of the children"".+ ""Just because I saved her doesn't mean I'm going to charge up her loading ramp"".+ You can mind trick a thug into giving you all of his money then to jump off a bridge.+ Brilliant moments throughout the writing that is almost iconic of the emphasis on choice that Obsidian loves.- Average Combat and variance in Enemies and missions in terms of bread and butter D20 gameplay.- We don't have KOTOR 3, only TOR and a lousy novel that misinterprets everything done in this game, KOTOR 2's quality is to the point where it actively hurts to think about what could have been.- Lucas Arts rushed this game out the door, so you need the restored content mod to get the full experience (sadly I do not have the most up to date version as TSLRCM and my mods have made the games stability too risky to try and reinstall without serious brain melting)"
76561198075713840,Recommended,208580,23955365,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,walshyy1991,"great game, loved coming back to relive some childhood memories."
,Recommended,208580,23953527,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,Fayth,"Not quite as good as the first one but it is different. First one is more tailored to the Star Wars movie feels while the second one deals more with the galaxy itself. The first is very clearly a battle between good and evil, the growth and rise of a story. The second felt more episodic and while you are a Jedi it feels more like you are the back up smuggler child who deals more with Star Wars Mafia and corrupted politics than the evil Sith.Still it is enjoyable but certainly did not rope me into caring about every single planet or scene. Despite that it still have very powerful scenes and plot lines that were quite enjoyable. If you're a strong Star Wars fan then I think you will certainly enjoy KOTOR2."
,Recommended,208580,17347026,"Posted: 2 August, 2015",all,RewChamploo,"10/10 Dancing TwileksThe Pitch:Up to 50 levels to gain for your main and companion characters, new force powers for both the Light Side and Dark Side, new start-off class selection (all 3 Jedi classes and still male or female human), new class prestiges aiming more toward the professional class types of the Light and Dark Side, new weapons, new armor, new stories, longer game time,Steam Achievements,Steam Workshopitems/mods, a new content and graphical update from the devs, multiple and more intricate weapon upgrading, more detailed lightsaber construction, crafting of Med/Weapon/Armor items, new lightsaber colors, better Jedi and Sith robes andmuch, much, more![EDIT:]Since the recentHUGEupdate, Ive been happy as a Jawa in a junkyard with all the fixes, added content and my personal favorites,more MODs and full controller support.And don't forget to DL/Subscribe ""The Sith Lords Restored Content Modification"" for even MORE content, items, gear and more!I almost feel as though I were a Twilek that broke free of her shackles, almost. Because, now I'm re-addicted to this game xD"
,Recommended,208580,23089258,"Posted: 19 May, 2016",all,Transamption,"I have played this game for a very long time, beaten it at least 5 times. Everytime was better than the other. This game is only a few I will repetitively play. I recommend this game to all fans of Star Wars, new and old, to play this, and the first KOTOR. It is quite a trip"
,Recommended,208580,23097419,"Posted: 20 May, 2016",all,Srna z Biškuca,"I am so glad I bought this game. I've played it 11 years ago when it first came out and I still have the original box, but it works poorly and it has no decent screen size support for a modern PC. This version has a 1080 resolution and it works like a marvel. Still one of the best Star Wars games ever. Got it during the May the 4th Be With You sale for 2.50 euros, so what's there to complain.EXTREMELY SATISFIED!"
,Recommended,208580,23417901,"Posted: 6 June, 2016",all,benben699,"Great game, though I keep getting stuck in a large battle"
,Recommended,208580,17602622,"Posted: 18 August, 2015",all,Lamp,"This was a true delight! I originally bought it just to show my support for the Linux version. But when I got around to playing it, I was hooked immediately. You start the game as an ultility robot, and I'm quite literally emotionally hooked to a robot inside a virtual world."
76561198176306913,Recommended,208580,22990790,"Posted: 14 May, 2016",all,Torteno,ive played this game enough to the point i just mess around with cheat codes and mods (btw i have like 500+ hours on xbox alone)
76561198286935596,Recommended,208580,22984284,"Posted: 14 May, 2016",all,davidroot96,"Still a timeless classic that has plenty of replay value, and incentive to make different choices each time. Would recommend grabbing the RCM so you can get the complete content of this game. Definitely one of my favorite RPG's, and in my opinion, the best single player Star Wars game ever, even eclipsing its predecessor, due to things such as the Prestige Class and Crafting system, in addition to a wider variety of items and randomization of vendors/drops."
76561197990642867,Recommended,208580,22933024,"Posted: 12 May, 2016",all,OniRobotics,Apathy is death
76561198215297341,Recommended,208580,21792993,"Posted: 12 March, 2016",all,PizzaGuy1337,"Pros-Good story, easy to follow-Making decisions actually do something-Good amount of cutscenes-Likeable characters/companions-Great array of skills and perks-Karma system-Upgradable armour and weapons-Crafting system-Character progression is neat-o-Not expensive for a good gameCons-♥♥♥♥♥♥ first impression-Dated graphics-Combat is boring might not appeal to newcomers-Ending is bad-A horrid buggy mess, had to redo the game twice just to beat.Overall thoughts:Buy it when it's on sale."
76561198050560103,Recommended,208580,23033325,"Posted: 16 May, 2016",all,IfeelSickdahl,"Despite all its flaws, this is undoubtedly the finest narrative in the Star Wars universe. Don't go into it expecting a standard SW affair a la the first KotOR or you will be disappointed. Go into it with an open mind however, and let all its intricacies and deconstruction unravel in glorious exposition. 10/10."
76561198139841057,Recommended,208580,23030848,"Posted: 16 May, 2016",all,Lady Rainna,I have played this game off and on since I was 12. Love it more everytime!
76561198050554591,Recommended,208580,23050177,"Posted: 17 May, 2016",all,shadow_ing11110,"I played this game years ago, only a few years after it came out, must've been 08 or 09. Truthfully the best game ever, and VERY thought provoking. As others have said, this game takes the RPG formula and blows it away. You are a Jedi, and do good, Kreia second guesses your choices, telling you that doing good can sometimes do more harm than it can help. Do some evil and be a sith? Kreia still second guesses you, asking if you are a psychotic murderer. This game teaches a philosophical point that many mainstream RPG's lack. You gain your power and influence but... at what cost, who do you step on too gain your power? You walk on the bodies of your enemies... almost in a literal sense in some ways. This game is very deep and I want... nay NEED more like it. IF you want a happy go lucky story then look elsewhere, but if you want a game that makes you question the game itself, then please play this game. Even if you do want a happy go lucky story, play this game. IT is worth it.P.S. GO GET THE RCM, its the only way too play this VERY unfinished game, otherwise you will be left sour and wanting more."
76561198036510673,Recommended,208580,22990114,"Posted: 14 May, 2016",all,KinetikSky,"Its what im doing when im not playing D&D, if graphical appeal isnt a deal breaker for you and you're a story person this is a great buy. If you like edge of your seat combat and thrilling moments move along.buy this game"
76561198028382354,Recommended,208580,22988939,"Posted: 14 May, 2016",all,lewmandewman,"This is an excellent game. The storyline isn't as good as the first in my opinion but it's good enough. Especially when you include the new crafting system and the ability to influence your companions to the point you can make them Jedi. If you like the original it's worth your time, especially after the big patch that fixed most of the bugs/issues."
,Recommended,208580,23265374,"Posted: 28 May, 2016",all,An Actual Irish Accent,"I give it three obligitory trademarks in the title out of three.Honestly though anyone who doesn't recommend this game needs to have their head checked this game is absolutely fantastic, Most games today focus on graphics and multiplayer *Cough* EA Battlefront.... *Cough* but this game even though it had great graphics for it's time period but is now quite dated. is one of the best star wars games i've ever played, seriously, I'll go so far as to say it almost barely tops Battlefront 2 but we all know nothing tops Battlefront 2 so. But enough gushing about it with nostalgia goggles in full effect, The gameplay itself is a great and easy system. But combat, Oh my combat can be a nightmare. once you get past the combat, oh my the quest log, no matter how hard you try to finish every side quest you take on i guarentee your quest log is gonna be about as big as an 8 year olds christmas list. those aside the replayability in this game is kind of lacking, i mean obviously you'll replay it to check out the dark/light side for the first time, but after that there's nothing left to do, you're left with yet another game in your library that you never play.That said final verdict. 9.5/10 Love this game it's absolutely fantastic."
,Recommended,208580,1719486,"Posted: 13 October, 2012",all,WoOOOOOodaba,"The best game ever made. Just make sure you install the Restored Content Mod, and play the first one, and get ready for the best story ever told by a video game."
,Recommended,208580,4090698,"Posted: 15 December, 2012",all,Remnant,"While I am a big fan of the Extended Universe of Star Wars, it was the Knights of the Old Republic series that really set me up to explore the universe outside the movies.The second installment improves a lot from the first game. It delves deeper into the Old Republic and the struggles of the Sith and the Jedi. The Jedi of the Old Republic just as incompetent as their movie counterparts. They don't believe what they can't see (though they still believe and use the Force themselves). All this while the Sith are stirring in the shadows.The game, though, is not without its problems. Glitches are common. The game's story and content are usually enough to push through these, though, but they can become annoying.Overall, the game is great and shows that story and content CAN overcome subpar graphics and numerous glitches.Replayability: 4/5 - Each class offers a different way to play, so playign through as each class poses its own challenges, despite the story remaining the same.Graphics: 3/5 - Even somewhat subpar for its time, the graphics aren't the best, but a great story canmake you forget this.Story: 5/5 - One of the best stories ever told in a Video Game, ever in my personal opinion, it's is for sure one of the best ever told in the Star Wars universe.Overall - 5/5 - Despite glitches and some frustration, SW: KOTOR II is a rare gem that has a story that can overcome its problems."
,Recommended,208580,8052598,"Posted: 15 December, 2013",all,Baobhan,"It has some bugs, and you might have to google or re-load to fing your way out of them, but, other than that, this is an amazing game."
76561197997238224,Recommended,208580,1739843,"Posted: 30 September, 2013",all,Yllems,How RPGs should be done.  Simply great game.  Not every day the 2nd of a series is better than the first.
,Recommended,208580,8150746,"Posted: 20 December, 2013",all,phantombeaver,Great Game but unfortunately the game has bugs in it that make it really hard not to get frustrated while playing. Ive had to go back to previous saved files from over an hour back and its a pain. still a great game that people have to play in the star wars genre.
76561198024695382,Recommended,208580,8153025,"Posted: 20 December, 2013",all,Private Peaceful,"I love this game, I bought it on steam just to play it again and again and again!"
,Recommended,208580,4382285,"Posted: 23 November, 2012",all,Metalgun Slinger,"just wanted to warn you guys about the new mmo from black isle entertainment. tbh i have seen better graphics in a an terrible game lol. the worst thing everybody don't even want to trade or join my group., if you want to play add me to friends my name on there is Raith Nothel and im a counsellor"
,Recommended,208580,7336536,"Posted: 7 October, 2013",all,The Fish Puncher,"Come to the dark side, we have cookies."
,Recommended,208580,1494389,"Posted: 4 May, 2013",all,Preute,"Tired of that same old cliché light vs dark side? Want to experience a more 2deep4u story? Have a taste of that sweet Chris Avellone brain nectar? Want to be a light side jedi while still heavily criticising the light side beliefs/ideals?Then this game is for you. The first wee hours are a bit annoying, and the end is lackluster but it is still an amazing game with one of the most interesting characters I have seen in a video game."
76561198105645013,Recommended,208580,8081677,"Posted: 17 December, 2013",all,Akinat_Kekleth,This game it starts out a little glitchy but after a while you get into it and you no longer notice it. It is a good adaptation of the orriginal.
,Recommended,208580,8061079,"Posted: 15 December, 2013",all,Henrar,"Probably the best RPG I have ever played and hand dwon the best Star Wars game ever created. Interesting plot and characters, quite good and challenging gameplay."
76561198051408823,Recommended,208580,5530840,"Posted: 28 July, 2013",all,Used to be gandalf the grey,try this one and the first one both very good games :D enjoyed playing both games get you hooked straight away
76561198067260154,Recommended,208580,6483555,"Posted: 17 July, 2013",all,Matt Exists,KotOR + KSE + TSLRCM = :)
76561198040375092,Recommended,208580,8002830,"Posted: 11 December, 2013",all,Strajder,"This game is marked by its most visible flaw - being rushed. The entire ending feels like something put together in a day or two and hastily stitched together. Unfortunately, the stitches don't hold. You are leveling your hero and gaining powers, only to find out that you can only use the more exciting ones during the comparatively brief period you spend in the ending levels. Some storylines are left not unresolved, but simply unfinished and without ultimate purpose and sense of accomplishment. Yes, I know there are ""restoration"" mods out there, but they were not part of the original game.Some parts of the gameplay are an advancement over their KotOR counterparts - item modification is more detailed, and the player now gains or loses the affection of their companions. For the majority of companions this ultimately gives an option to train them as Jedi.Story of KotOR 2 is in my opinion lacking. The main element of the story are the so-called ""wounds in the Force"", a fan-fiction level of bad excuse for a plot device. There is too much philosophical drivel about killing (!) the Force itself, and the goals and motivations of the player are not always clear. Compare this to KotOR, where the main objectives are very clear - defeat Malak and (learned over time) stop him from using the alien superweapon, the Star Forge.I am amazed that so many rate this game above KotOR. Storywise, KotOR 2 feels subpar to it. The only reason why one would want to play this is the (relatively) advanced technical side of the game compared to KotOR - customization of lightsabers and other items. If KotOR is 9/10, I would give KotOR 2 something like 6/10. Do I recommend it? Well, of course, if not for anything else, then for informational and historic purposes."
76561198075029743,Recommended,208580,8001923,"Posted: 11 December, 2013",all,Legenxdary,One of the greatest games of all time
76561198105343579,Recommended,208580,8022320,"Posted: 12 December, 2013",all,doogi,lots of glitches but if you can get around that then just like old times nice fun rpg
76561198002640376,Recommended,208580,8023179,"Posted: 12 December, 2013",all,<('.'<) <('.')> (>'.')>,Great RPG like the first one.
76561198024257920,Recommended,208580,30654932,Posted: 21 March,all,PilotDoughnut69,"I seriosuly have to say that this is ""the"" Star Wars game. It by itself, before mods, had so many good qualites that the bugs didn't matter. With the mods and the community that follows this has to be one of the best RPG games on the market. I highly advise you to play without mods, then with the TSLRCM, then with what ever. Best Game Ever."
76561198044316113,Not Recommended,208580,19568528,"Posted: 8 December, 2015",all,Bull-Hammer,Every single time I try to play it says it's stopped working and will check for a solution... Am I missing something here? Because I just dropped ten bucks on a game that doesn't work.
76561198151752404,Recommended,208580,19579343,"Posted: 9 December, 2015",all,Lester Molester,"If you like rpgs, Star Wars, Bioware games, Dungeons and Dragons, or hearing Ithorians say ""GOOINDY DON GILFA"" 3 million time, this is the game for you."
76561198133102381,Not Recommended,208580,19603433,"Posted: 10 December, 2015",all,picklemebetty,"As a kid, I enjoyed the Star Wars films. All the zooming about in space with big explosions. What kid wouldn't? So, when I saw this game on Steam with it's very many positive reviews, I thought I'd give it a go. Sadly, I have been disappointed. Maybe it is a good game with a good story, but for me, it is seriously let down by the unbelievably cumbersome control system.Just about every other RPG game I've played, be it 1st or 3rd person, has basically the same style of control, forwards, backwards, move sideways and control the camera angle with the mouse. Apparently this wasn't good enough for this game, so you can either have a cursor permanantly on screen and right click to change camera direction or have the mouse control the camera and have to right click every time you want to interact with anything. For me, that just makes the game to damn irritating to play.And then there's the turn based combat system. But that's maybe just me hating that style of thing."
,Recommended,208580,19597036,"Posted: 10 December, 2015",all,deadbeat.png,"Meh, not much to say about this one, I didn't play it much but I didn't hate my experience with it so 5/10"
76561197977974991,Recommended,208580,19606413,"Posted: 10 December, 2015",all,TheGiantBreast,"I think this is my favorite Star Wars game of all time, excluding nostalgia factor. Sure, the plot twist isn't as gripping as the first KOTOR, but my god the writing in this game is incredible. You're companions and the dialogue you have with them is incredible. Its treatment of the force is much more adult, its just a shame that despite this you were still locked into the light dark binary if you wanted max out your character bonuses. Both the dark and lightsided playthroughs have something to offer, and there are many viable builds. You can definitely hack it as a blaster wielding jedi who hucks explosives. Don't let folks harping on unfinished content or bugs, I played the game at release and didn't notice them at all. Today, grab the tsl restored content mod on the steam workshop and you should be golden. This is a gem that stuck with me, really great game."
,Recommended,208580,19608463,"Posted: 10 December, 2015",all,SnuffWufficus,"This games a classic. Hands down best Star Wars game I've played, and also one of the best RPGs I have played. Would reccomend this title to anyone who loves Star Wars and/or RPGs!"
,Recommended,208580,19609021,"Posted: 10 December, 2015",all,Two_Paper_Dollz,"What can I about this game that hasn't been said? This game is a legendary classic that helped path the way for most modern RPGs. Bioware knows how to make an RPG. The story is brilliant, and any true Star Wars fan will love the characters. The choice system was very innovative when this game was released. The grapics still hold there own to this day. There is a very wide selection of force powers and talents to choose from. KOTOR is one of those games that never dies and keeps it replay value no matter how old it is."
,Recommended,208580,19578534,"Posted: 8 December, 2015",all,Nostro,One of my favorite games from when i was younger. still just as good as i remember!
76561198085834484,Recommended,208580,30648547,Posted: 21 March,all,RavenFal,"Easily my favorite Star Wars Game. While many Star Wars games try to capture the feel of the movies, this one tends more to the darker and morally-gray feel of the old Expanded Universe, where the Jedi are far from the ultimate good and evil takes on many forms. It's so easy to find yourself committing dark side actions in this game, and they matter. Unlike its predecessor, which simply offers up a scene asking you to pick the good or bad ending, this game actually decides which ending you get based on your alignment.The downsides? The graphics are clearly dated, though not unbearably so, and the ending doesn't make without the Restored Content Mod, but this is available in the Steam Workshop, so it requires almost zero work on your part.Also, don't look to this game for a romance story, it's all but devoid of one, and what little is there is only happens in the background.In my book? A solid 9.7/10, even with its age."
,Recommended,208580,19677068,"Posted: 13 December, 2015",all,encinasbrandon,"This game is fantastic. I just recently started playing this on PC, but I have played it multiple times on the Xbox. I can say without a doubt the PC version is far superior. The game loads much faster, looks better, runs better, and, most importantly, there's mods! The game itself is also amazing. I always did like this one better than the original because of its darker story, the ability to create upgrades, and how many upgrades there are. This is a must buy for any Star Wars fan, or even RPG fan for that matter."
,Recommended,208580,19682193,"Posted: 13 December, 2015",all,dam,Quality  game
76561198212135688,Recommended,208580,19683170,"Posted: 13 December, 2015",all,Maverickhunter6,"This game is great with the restored content mod ,without it it's a buggy and broken mess."
76561198110438547,Recommended,208580,19707419,"Posted: 14 December, 2015",all,Exile,"This is a great game. I loved it.Pros:CombatStoryCharacters PersonalityRPG Elements in the gameNumber of worlds in the gameCons:Some level design is frustrating such as Peragus and GOTO yatch.Game has some bugs and glitchesYou have to gain influence with a character for them to open up to you, but you can't do that with every character so it is frustrating.Because you have to rebuild HK-47, it almost the end of the game before you get all your party members.Overall, the game does have its cons but it is a brilliant game. It was rushed by Lucas arts which is why it has bugs and glitches. The game is not better than Kotor 1 because Obsidian has 15 months to make this game and were rushed. If they had the time they needed, this game could've been better than Kotor 1.8.5/10"
,Recommended,208580,19734050,"Posted: 16 December, 2015",all,Ragnarok Lothbrok,"Recommended, this is a good game.Little was the Force explored in such a way before, with all its shades. Although the never ending struggle between darkness and light exists here, there is also a lot happening in the middle in this story.Some aspects could have been given more time, it's true. But they don't make Kotor2 less enjoyable."
,Recommended,208580,4035229,"Posted: 28 August, 2012",all,FaolanHart,"Unlike the first one I had never played KOTOR 2 until I bought it on Steam & while I know I’m in the minority here I have to say I like this one much more & the first one was great. Mainly because of the story, improved feats & cooler robes/armour. The simplified version of the story can be put as follows, morality cannot so easily be placed in simple good & evil it is much more complicated than that, there are many grey areas. Both the Jedi & Sith are extremes & both have truths & many lies. This is something I’ve always thought when thinking about the Jedi, they specialise in repression which in the long run is never good. Beyond the great story & new characters everything else is pretty much the same in terms of gameplay so if you loved 1 you’ll love this."
,Recommended,208580,360969,"Posted: 5 January, 2013",all,LIKEUCARE,"Fantastic old RPG game made by Obsidian. Yes the game was highly buggy but still very fun to play.I don't intend to write a whole wall about KOTOR 2, but I've heard some gamers mentioning that KOTOR 2 doesn't play well on modern PC.Well, Rock Paper Shotgun just posted a solution!Have a look and happy gaming on this good classic title!http://www.rockpapershotgun.com/2013/01/03/the-fixer-how-to-restore-knights-of-the-old-republic-ii/I'd still rate this game a worthy 8 / 10."
,Recommended,208580,493899,"Posted: 8 January, 2013",all,Chandler,Better than the first one. Get the restored content mod.
76561198064997808,Recommended,208580,7795704,"Posted: 27 November, 2013",all,Atlantica,"Highly recommended for anyone who enjoys RPGs and Star wars. Good story, plenty of good voice acting with options during conversations for slight RP element of the main character."
76561198085785508,Recommended,208580,7800025,"Posted: 27 November, 2013",all,cfaulk13,"I do really like this game a lot. In some ways it's better than the original, in others it's not. The flow of combat and the visuals have been improved and there are some interesting questions and points are raised in the storyline of this game. However, there are several incomplete elements in this game which does tarnish it a bit, but I feel it makes up for it with great characters, good gamplay and an all-around memerable experience."
76561198055215322,Recommended,208580,7756499,"Posted: 25 November, 2013",all,Deprived Dolphin,"This game is 100% pure and perfect. In order for it to work properly you have to download the mod update in order to advance past the secret jedi academy on telos. for some reason it is glitched without the update. so i recommend the mod, it should be on the hub. but this game is amazing. the mod update makes it even more intense with more weapons and armor and characters that you meet on the way. i believe it allows you to go to the HK factory too. i havent beat it yet because i am wanting to do all the side missions."
,Recommended,208580,989194,"Posted: 28 September, 2012",all,Koopa_|BC|,"To fans of the First game, I defiantly recommend this one.Just like the first one, it is more of an interactive movie than a game, with so much dialogue and story. But all in all its great fun, with so many new weapons and armour improvements from the first game.Id give it a rating of 9 out of 10."
76561198042323584,Recommended,208580,7759869,"Posted: 25 November, 2013",all,Clone Commando,Not as good as the first but is not bad. some things can be fixed like the ending but other than that buy this game only if you loved the first one like i did
,Recommended,208580,3160431,"Posted: 25 March, 2013",all,KrunoS,"KOTOR is my all time favourite game. But KOTOR II, after using the restored content mod, is a far superior game.This is a game everyone needs to play before they die. Regardless of whether you're a Star Wars fan or not. It is absolutely fantastic, with really well written companion characters and what is a thorough study of the human psyche.Download the restored content mod and droid planet mod from:http://www.moddb.com/mods/the-sith-lords-restored-content-mod-tslrcmPlaying without the mod is pointless and frustrating. As the game was initially rushed to release and ended up being a buggy, unfinished piece of nonsensical crap."
76561198031989694,Recommended,208580,7978257,"Posted: 8 December, 2013",all,emoney20022000,great game
,Recommended,208580,7978978,"Posted: 8 December, 2013",all,Syoubat,play it!
,Recommended,208580,7322137,"Posted: 6 October, 2013",all,Angwen,"Not as good as KOTOR, bot still worth a playthough"
76561198042105337,Recommended,208580,8044795,"Posted: 14 December, 2013",all,LazytitanGaming,"If you love Star Wars then this is a game you should play. It tales the tale of a jedi that has lost their memory and has los connection with the force, and is trying to rebuild the connection. As you journey through the game you find people who help you on your journey and help them connect with the force. The game is old but still a classic for Star Wars geeks and is a must have with an indepth story and characters that you can connect with."
,Recommended,208580,11841860,"Posted: 23 August, 2014",all,Sherman,"if there were a ""wat"" option for the recomendation, i would probably use that. gameplay and graphics-wise, this game is leaps and bounds ahead of its predecessor. but what it really draws upon is the spooky mysterious 5 years in between the events of the two games. that would be all fine and dandy if the game actually answered any of the questions it makes you think will be answered. i suppose thats not quite fair though, the ending sets you up for a third game and a probably amazing end to the series; but in order to make kotor 2 actually worth anything, there absolutely NEEDS to be that third game. otherwise the end will drive you to insanity just because it's absolutely mind boggling. kotor 2 would be ok between two other very strong games, but without that third strong link, kotor 2 falls limp.now on the other hand, if you fell into a deep saucy love with kotor 1 and eagerly thirst for every meager shred of information on the character you became so attached to for that unwashed, smelly week (or however long you sat in your own filth glued to your computer screen) then with this game you will find a plethora of mismatched pieces to a puzzle that was never complete in the first place.basically it was to kotor 1 and the prequel trilogy was to the original trilogy.also hk-47's really funny so i guess thats a plus"
,Recommended,208580,11842204,"Posted: 23 August, 2014",all,NinjaHunter,One of my favorite rpgs
76561198055559991,Recommended,208580,11939191,"Posted: 31 August, 2014",all,SuperNexus,Great Game  if a little buggy
,Recommended,208580,10683316,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,Setsuna,Game is a lot of fun.
,Recommended,208580,10692354,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,Aldrexn,"A solid RPG for hardcore Star Wars fans, based on a die role system, one of the best RPGs out there! Highly recommend."
76561198065311434,Recommended,208580,6392525,"Posted: 17 August, 2013",all,InboundMidget,This one and the first one ae two of the best RGP's ever made. IMO
,Recommended,208580,10699825,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,Mainou,The Exile 5/5
76561198058393653,Recommended,208580,10715897,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,Aealo,"What an epic game! I have played it first on xbox and I also felt the derised to play it on PC after some long time. This game never gets old. Amazing story, great gameplay, the characters and the world really get you deep in the game.I totally recommend it."
76561198094186999,Not Recommended,208580,10535335,"Posted: 19 June, 2014",all,willsyum,"BEWARE!!!! This is a fantastic game, especially with the restored content mod. However, be warned that there is a very good chance that if you purchase this game, you will not be able to play it. If you feel like rolling the dice, purchasing this game, and somehow succeed in playing this great game without it crashing, then congradulations. However, more than likely you're going to end up yelling at your computer and hating Steam for getting your hopes up and then thoroughly crushing them while simultaniously taking your money. You have been warned"
76561198082694736,Recommended,208580,10536063,"Posted: 19 June, 2014",all,Blazedragon,Good Game Though wish you could go off the story that you made in the first game.
,Recommended,208580,1525221,"Posted: 17 February, 2013",all,С Г エ χ,"While the story isn't as smooth as the first game, KOTOR II tries to provide an interesting outlook on the the typically White/Black star wars morality.  The game's combat is much better than the first, but still leaves much to be desired.  The game's graphics haven't aged well, but overall the game is much better than anything bioware has♥♥♥♥♥♥out since KOTOR I.  There's also a restoration mod, adds a few new things, and restores some dialogue. I'd reccoemend AGAINST getting the M4 pack though, the planet clearly was never meant to be and was scrapped for a good reason, unless you want to listen to terrible voice actors."
,Recommended,208580,10544381,"Posted: 19 June, 2014",all,Genghis Kan,"So good it cured my diabetes, but then The Old Republic brought it back."
,Recommended,208580,986363,"Posted: 25 November, 2012",all,Brainling,"Though it's widely known as a mess, Obsidian doesn't get enough credit for what was a great, if flawed, game. Highly recommend installing the Content Restored mod, which basically makes the game whole and fixes a lot of the flaws.http://www.moddb.com/mods/the-sith-lords-restored-content-mod-tslrcm/downloads/tslrcm-18"
76561198000284590,Recommended,208580,10552458,"Posted: 19 June, 2014",all,PureVain,"I been a big Star Wars fan my whole life. And when I grew old enough to really get into big video games I fell in love with Kotor.  It is amazing. Kotor 2 however, is.... everything  Kotor 1 was and so so much more. BUY IT. LOVE IT. MAKE SWEET BABYS WITH IT."
,Recommended,208580,3730905,"Posted: 3 January, 2013",all,ArchDuke,When patched to have its full content restored this is a great game equal to the first. Be a badass force user again. Do it.
76561198020779037,Recommended,208580,10564823,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,NoAlternative,Classic! Really enjoyed this game!
76561197960422333,Recommended,208580,8207333,"Posted: 22 December, 2013",all,Blandorz,Good game!
,Recommended,208580,8208097,"Posted: 22 December, 2013",all,Bulletproof Dwolf,"This game is fun! Yeah.. Just, buy it.. Okay? :)"
76561198053209075,Recommended,208580,8210573,"Posted: 22 December, 2013",all,comicmuse,"Imperfect, but still a worthy successor to KOTOR. There are unfortunate points where you really feel the absence of content cut in the rush to release, but it's a classic all the same. A greta plot, fantastic characters, and it even manages some twists that approach the brilliance of the original."
,Recommended,208580,1947094,"Posted: 1 April, 2013",all,Calculon,One of the best single-player RPG's I've ever played!
76561197995281859,Recommended,208580,8221993,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,Verbatimlover,"It's better than the original, THERE I SAID IT!"
,Recommended,208580,8223346,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,OptimisticRayofSunshine,Love it! But then again I am a Star Wars Freak
76561198096187877,Recommended,208580,8226341,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,erik.ivar.zetterstrom,A must for every Star Wars fan! Great story.
76561197997898313,Recommended,208580,8228658,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,YellowOutcast,It's amazing !
76561198093329982,Recommended,208580,7779815,"Posted: 26 November, 2013",all,xerxesthebomb,"Much like the original, but a lot more dark and depressing.  Love it!"
,Recommended,208580,7485388,"Posted: 26 October, 2013",all,gnarly charlie,In ways I enjoyed KOTOR 1 better but this is still an outstanding game. I did have some problems launching the game. However the challenge was worth the effort. Ifyou install the restored content mod this game is even more amazing. A must-buy for any Star Wars fan.
,Recommended,208580,6955618,"Posted: 5 January, 2013",all,Rhael,"I have to write? Boring.Either way, this is the second best star wars game I have played so far; first being Jedi Knights - Jedi Academy for its endless possibilities on mods and nice first person action playerskill based lightsaber duels... oh, yes, I was supposed to talk about KOTOR2, I do not like the actual system they use to make your character (some D20 variety I didn't like) but anything else in the game is well done.Comparing with it's predecessor everything is improved. The way skills act differently - even how if you bash lockers to open instead of lockpicking you risk breaking things inside, wich wouldn't happen in the first game -  the way people now actually react to what you say to them and the way you get darkside points is way better than the style ""I am usually a resonable person, but just in this dialogue option I'll change to the form of evil incarnated even though it's incongruent just because I can"" they used in the first game. Also the plot have awesome references to the first game and I love the very different outcomes you can get  for any of the sidequests.That's it, i hate writing, but I love KOTOR2 enough to overcome a bit, but this is my limit."
76561198046657714,Recommended,208580,5226534,"Posted: 22 December, 2012",all,cormac104,"Its a brilliant game. i enjoy it because you can be really evil. for example you can force persuade people to jump off of a floating city, hahahaha"
,Recommended,208580,7819071,"Posted: 28 November, 2013",all,dusty_thoreau,"10/10 dialogue/character design, the best I've ever seen in a video game pretty much ever. But, sadly, this is a really unfinished, unpolished, buggy as ♥♥♥♥ game. In terms of completeness, the first did much better. But the characters are astounding for a videogame (Kreia), and you can really see what they were trying to do. As a complete game, I don't recommend it. As a game that you should play after the first, then yes, I do recommend it."
,Recommended,208580,8681990,"Posted: 12 January, 2014",all,Synashi,"This is the sequel to BioWare's epic Star Wars/Dungeons and Dragons hybrid!  Taking place 5 years after the first game, the setting sees the Jedi all but destroyed.  You play as the last Jedi, and your choices may lead to hope for all, or doom the galaxy.  The gameplay is relatively unchanged from the first game, but there are some significant differences.  One of the biggest differences is the expansion of new feats to choose from; unarmed, and blaster, characters suffered heavily in the first game.  However, this game has added feats to be selected, and given, that make both builds completely viable by endgame.  As for the story, I highly recommend downloading the missing content mod, as it expands the story to almost a ghost of what it should have been.  I highly recommend this to people who like Dungeons and Dragons, and Star Wars!"
,Recommended,208580,8641831,"Posted: 9 January, 2014",all,Dead,Great Game
76561198079463237,Recommended,208580,7583514,"Posted: 6 November, 2013",all,Sorta x Clutch,it be good
76561198112111972,Recommended,208580,8647922,"Posted: 10 January, 2014",all,Rapidsword01,"One of the best Star Wars RPG games out there and a must have for any fun of the series. Great story, characters, the ability to interact with everyone and have your actions determine your side with the force. Rather than having a stricktly black and white there is also a ''gray'' side making the line between Light and Dark side blur giving the player the absolute freedom to chose hiw way. I'm still enjoying my 3rd playthrough since 2004 when the game was published and i hope everyone does."
,Recommended,208580,688148,"Posted: 21 July, 2013",all,C.C,"Many people see this game as inferior to the first because of it's poor unfinished ending (which can be fixed with a bit of modding). But the game itself is far more solid than the first, plus you can be more of a ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ in this one than the last, and zap people with lighting hands."
76561198010131295,Recommended,208580,8652744,"Posted: 10 January, 2014",all,mcostanti,Classic RPG! And a must play
76561198047763108,Recommended,208580,8623727,"Posted: 8 January, 2014",all,Lab B203,There are many things to say about Loading Ramp Simulator but what stands out to me is that it's pretty good.
,Recommended,208580,9107189,"Posted: 14 February, 2014",all,theZaxanator 🍆,"Maybe the best game of all time.  Best RPG by far.You can own this for under £2, so what are you waiting for?Buy this♥♥♥♥♥♥"
,Recommended,208580,9108927,"Posted: 14 February, 2014",all,Bloodstainer™,"Insanely underrated game, unfortunately overlooked due to the Epic game that is Knights of the Old Republic.If you bare any love for either BioWare, Star Wars or KoTOR you should pick up this game."
76561198094019765,Recommended,208580,9121171,"Posted: 15 February, 2014",all,游荡 Jack Fitz 火焰,"Unique story, watch the galaxy shape itself to the choices you make as you embark to save the galaxy from one of the greatest enemies the starwars franchise has ever seen. If you like rpg with good indepth story such as mass effect and dragonage this is a game you will most certainly enjoy!"
,Recommended,208580,9129174,"Posted: 15 February, 2014",all,hippieyoda,Good game but worse than it's predessecor 7/10
,Recommended,208580,7020659,"Posted: 25 August, 2013",all,Jokke_is_Love,Best RPG series I've ever played. May take some time but it's totally worth it. Some plots are hard to understand but to easier get them play the prequel; also on steam
76561198124531137,Recommended,208580,8940758,"Posted: 1 February, 2014",all,brywarrior20,awesome game athough should have controller support
,Not Recommended,208580,9189710,"Posted: 19 February, 2014",all,IceMan,"The game itself is fun, But it Seems to soft lock frequently. Cutseens some times don't display. nomatter what computr I play from."
,Recommended,208580,3240385,"Posted: 10 February, 2013",all,Turtlegom,"One of my Childhood all time favourites, if you're a Star Wars fan and you want to know what happened before the films and Star Wars the Old republic MMO, then you should definately pick this up and get Knights of the Old republic 1."
,Recommended,208580,9195692,"Posted: 20 February, 2014",all,Hunka-Dunka,ГГ и есть Реван.
76561198076449955,Recommended,208580,9207273,"Posted: 21 February, 2014",all,The White Wolf,doesnt even work..........hows that for a review.....on xbox it was my favorite game hands down.
,Recommended,208580,2692344,"Posted: 3 January, 2013",all,RattyRyan,My favorite game of all time. In my opinion one of the best RPGs out there. Great improvement by Obsidian on the Bioware game KoTOR.
,Recommended,208580,25241,"Posted: 10 December, 2012",all,Wicker_Bin,"Good game out of the box, but made so, so much better with the Restored Content Mod (version 1.81 as of this writing). It's a fan-made mod that restores on-disk content that wasn't implemented because of time constraints. It adds a lot to the story and makes it so the plot actually makes sense."
76561198059092579,Recommended,208580,8961910,"Posted: 3 February, 2014",all,DonaldBelsito,One of the best Star Wars games to ever exist. It is not a great as the first one as far as story goes but implements new elements to gameplay to make it more interesting. such as start at a jedi from the begining instead of waitng hours into the game. They also added a more in depth upgrade system for weapons and armor so combat can be more versitile instead of the favortism of melee and light sabers in kotor 1.
76561198059819940,Recommended,208580,9021369,"Posted: 8 February, 2014",all,Dacubster,USE THE FORCE! Then get a bunch of glitches which are easily resolved. THEN USE THE FORCE AGAIN!Great game but not as good as the first one which is overall better and more enjoyable than this one
,Recommended,208580,5528634,"Posted: 8 January, 2013",all,Tuner X7,Droids and Wookies. Everywhere.
76561198092972546,Recommended,208580,9040596,"Posted: 9 February, 2014",all,ebads,10/10 would play
,Recommended,208580,3358471,"Posted: 3 January, 2013",all,Roxcloud245,"AHHH Kinghts of the old republic we meet again, such a good game made from an amzing series, one of the best star wars games around these days"
,Recommended,208580,8805854,"Posted: 22 January, 2014",all,Boomer,"Excellent, however it *changes* from KotOR 1. Apparently Bio-ware gave this to Obsidian to make and they didn't know anything from game 1."
,Recommended,208580,9046884,"Posted: 10 February, 2014",all,Doommetal101,"i have kind of a love/hate thing towards KOTOR II. i love how it brings back all the good things from the first game, but in some parts you can tell that the game was rushed and in most parts incomplete. its ashame that they will never release an update with all the parts they cut out. and another thing i noticed is this game seems to have a more dark and sinister atmosphere compared to the first and they got some good new characters, but due to a lot of stuff being cut out, the character developement isnt as strong as first. but if you liked the first game, i would recommed it."
09080708090807065,Recommended,208580,9059575,"Posted: 11 February, 2014",all,ChucklesNorris,I really want to play this game but it blacks out and multiple points in the game. It wont let me do anything after the video when im in the space suit in the beginning... Please fix
76561198049212412,Recommended,208580,8991035,"Posted: 5 February, 2014",all,Drizzt Do'Urden,"The game is a great follow to the first kotor, however, it is still in need of fixing. If you do get this game, when going down full good, when you get to the arctic taris lvl, DO NOT immdeatly drop your weapons, otherwise you will go into an infinite loop with Atris, and cannot get your companions come with you to the ebon hawk. There is a patch where you download it and fixes up most of the games problem. But if you stick to the story concept of this review, I would give it an 8/10. Although you would talk to other people, there are times where the voice doesn't come out. The gameplay is the same as kotor, which is great, and you get to use the force much faster than you did in the first kotor. I also liked how it shows if you loss influence with a companion or gained influence on a companion, which makes you want to put your favorite characters in your party when you are playing the game."
,Recommended,208580,9062129,"Posted: 12 February, 2014",all,Kradia,Meh.I would have given it a better rating but it keeps crashing on me.10/10
76561197978429880,Recommended,208580,8948930,"Posted: 2 February, 2014",all,Dacanty,"Having played the original and it still being one of my all time favourite RPG's, I grabbed number 2 on disk years ago and love it all the same. The two together form a beautiful story with action, RPG elements that still rival some games of the modern times we live in and also a defining light/dark alignment system.Sure it has its glitches and problems like any other game but the mod available can repair the missing content and give you back the quality this game deserves. I would highly recommend it to any RPG gamer or someone looking for something new and enjoyable."
,Recommended,208580,2469544,"Posted: 25 July, 2013",all,Mnemophage,"""The Sith Lords""? Okay. Okay. By the way, everybody, I have a book coming out next month! Keep an eye to your bookstore shelves for, ""Hercules Goodpuncher vs. The Bad Guys""! Will Mr. Goodpuncher punch the bad guys good, or GREAT? Does that sexy, seductive bad guy actually want to join Hercules on his quest, or is it all a pliant plot? (hint: no. she is still a bad guy.)This game IS really good, but the obvious placeholder title displays that they had little time to refine their work from something good into something transcendental."
76561198070075974,Recommended,208580,9616029,"Posted: 24 March, 2014",all,[LoMG]AhktikFox,"this game is a great classic, put probably thousands of hours into it (Y)"
76561198010992197,Recommended,208580,9638012,"Posted: 26 March, 2014",all,T H E G O O D B O Y,"If I could marry this game, I would. 9/10."
,Recommended,208580,391353,"Posted: 9 March, 2013",all,Big Dumb Object,"A flawed classic. Riddled with bugs and half-finished content, KotOR II still manages to reward with a darker story with more to say than the Bioware original."
76561197997990822,Recommended,208580,8411963,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,lukehstreet,"An amazing sequel to an amazing game, The Sith Lords is a worthy successor on almost every front. Another must have for any Star Wars fan, especially those that have played Knights of the Old Republic, or for avid RPG fans. I would be remiss if I did not recommend the Restored Content Mod for this game. It is a must have for anyone playing The Sith Lords as it fixes many bugs and restores content that was cut due to the game being rushed at release."
76561198044441756,Recommended,208580,8586854,"Posted: 5 January, 2014",all,Fire Penguin Disco Panda,"Probably one of the best games ever made, enjoyable even for non star wars fans. beautiful piece of work."
76561198097307242,Recommended,208580,8731691,"Posted: 16 January, 2014",all,dunneted66,"A great game, one of the best examples of and old school western RPG. Of course it was developed by Obsidian so its gonna have its fair share of glitches, besides that its an awesome adventure. HIGHLY RECOMMEND PLAYING THE FIRST KOTOR BEFORE PLAYING THIS ONE."
76561198120632399,Recommended,208580,8734290,"Posted: 16 January, 2014",all,xDamienXx,"To me, this game stands still to this day as one of the funnest RPGS to play, along with its predecessor KoTOR 1. Its replay value is way up there, and the constant strategy changing while fighting Jedi/Dark Jedi, and back to Mandalorian raiders, is ever fun. I recomend this game 11/10.This game was a huge part of my childhood, i cant tell you the ammount of hours i spent playing it on xbox, just as much as i played Morrowind, or Oblivion. (upwards of 600 Hours on oblivion alone, ((Console))Yet i always came back to my roots, KotOR1-2, its imense story is gripping, and it shows how much time the developers put into it.If your a fan of starwars, this game will be for you, yet it doesnt reach out to just starwars fans, its rpg, and gameplay is whats really gripping. Allowing even the nullest of starwars enthusiasts to enjoy this game."
,Recommended,208580,8800663,"Posted: 21 January, 2014",all,TheRussianRaven,"Excellent story, challenging but fun gameplay, and a Wookie. What's not to love?"
,Recommended,208580,2428151,"Posted: 4 January, 2013",all,Naga Stole My Bike,"Goodbye job, goodbye study, goodbye exercise, goodbye nutrition, goodbye all life outside of KoToR II."
,Recommended,208580,8791261,"Posted: 20 January, 2014",all,Schwifty Rick,"The gameplay is great, and so is the story-line."
76561198091887368,Recommended,208580,7992092,"Posted: 10 December, 2013",all,Branbrey,"Great Play, this game is really rich in Starwars lore and has a very intuitive set of controls. Despite this game being completely over shadowed by its predecessor, the colossus and quite epic KOTOR, it is in my opinion one of the greatest Starwars games ever created and a personal favorite. So my rating for Starwars Knights of the old Republic 2 would have to be 8 1/2 out of 10!!!Highly Recommended!."
,Recommended,208580,18939831,"Posted: 7 November, 2015",all,Mr. Ink Spots,"A sequel to one of the best Star Wars RPG's, KOTOR.KOTOR II is the same gameplay wise and the story is bound to give you lots of hours.Replay value also high since you can do multiple playthroughs with different views.A MUST HAVE !"
76561198094140381,Recommended,208580,18776069,"Posted: 30 October, 2015",all,kallelis12,KOTOR 3 WOULD BE THE GREATEST GAME TO EVER COME OUT. Speaking of that this game is over 10 years old and i still play it. A masterpeice of a game and number 3 has been long awaited by many of us. WHERE IS IT?!?!?
,Recommended,208580,30586352,Posted: 18 March,all,TheDarkHoundKnight,"Obsidian does a great job, good game"
76561198073735256,Recommended,208580,18825133,"Posted: 1 November, 2015",all,Mustafa,9/10
,Recommended,208580,18809629,"Posted: 1 November, 2015",all,Fisherman Joe,"A game released in 2004 primarily for consoles got a huge update on Steam in 2015. Making a great game very playable on PC, as it was previously a buggy mess.Do you like Star Wars or RPGs? Then get this game."
76561198210756264,Recommended,208580,18345378,"Posted: 5 October, 2015",all,baypaul5,Great game when thr restored content mod is working properly.
76561198188576730,Recommended,208580,18345763,"Posted: 5 October, 2015",all,rrjm1999,I can't stop playing this. It's so good.
,Recommended,208580,18337955,"Posted: 5 October, 2015",all,Zinthys,entranced by the star - forget the
76561198041345780,Recommended,208580,18244718,"Posted: 28 September, 2015",all,domrock4873,"Did you love the original KOTOR? were you instantly drawn into the immense story? did you wish your companions were real because they were ust so much fun to interact with? did you love the diverse and exotic planets you visited?well go ♥♥♥♥ yourselves, cause KOTOR II threw that all out the window.The Gameplay is suprisingly much better than the original, and there's way deeper RPG mechanics, which makes the game an enjoyable ride.However (and i cannot stress this enough), the story is awful. the story plays out like some sort of DLC epilogue, where you're a new character, but revisiting planets from the original, meeting characters from the original, and almost every conversation ties into the original game. It's like fan fiction levels of bad, and for more than 80% of the game i was asking myself ""what does this have to do with anything?"" and ""why do i even care?"" The characters are so bad George Lucas probably whacks off to them daily. They're all shallower than a puddle. Even the returning characters are boring, and that's the worst tragedy of all. The main antagonists? jokes. You see one repeatedly through your journey, only for him to go down like a ♥♥♥♥♥, and another you only meet literally seconds before you fight, and HE CAN'T EVEN SPEAK. Like the original, you visit multiple planets ti advance your story and complete quests. HOwever 2 of the planets you were already on in the original, and they're both half the size they used to be.I'm focusing on the negatives so heavily because they're just so painfully obvious. To be far, the game really is good. new force powers, dual classing, player influence on party members, and other improvements make this a fun ride for however long you play it for.One last word of advice though, download the restoration mod. Obsidian cut out a crap load of the game in order to have it ready in time for release. the deleted stuff actually helps (a little) with the story, and gives you much more to do and look at.8/10, kill 30 Gands in a bar with force lightning again."
,Recommended,208580,30547436,Posted: 16 March,all,Gunnerman Bill,"Already the better of the two RPG titles, this Steam release of The Sith Lords adds a very well done and much needed series of updates that breaths fresh life into the game and rekindles your enthusiasm for it.The game itself features an active combat system that flows smoothly and brings life to the Star Wars universe with detailed animations and iconic abilities. Think Chrono Trigger without the speed stat and also you can move around I guess. The story starts off slow as can be expected with RPG's of its nature, really getting started about 2-4 hours from creating your character. From that point on it's an exciting ride that'll have you pushing your party to their limits against the light or dark, depending on your choices.Speaking of choices, while this game has great voice acting and incredibly well written dialogue, the choices you make most of the time won't affect much more than your appearance and who's in your party. The ending will largely remain the same with the exception of light/dark side.The original title was rushed to completion and the studio, Obsidian, barely saw any revenue from it. They would go through a similar process again with the followup to Fallout 3, New Vegas. I also consider New Vegas to be a better game than 3. Poor Obsidian. Due to this, much content was cut from the game, including the main side story of everyone's favorite Old Republic era droid, HK-47.That brings me to the features that have been added to this release on Steam. The addition of Steam Workshop makes it easy to add in arguably necessary mods such as the restored content mod. This will add back in most of the cut content from the originally planned release and is highly recommended even for first time players.Beyond that, HD resolutions and widescreen aspect ratios are now supported. As far as I can tell pretty much every resolution your monitor supports will be displayed as an option. There is also native support for Xbox controllers, which I think is a god send since the KB+M controls for the two KOTOR titles leaves much to be desired. That said, the support leaves a little to be desired and I end up having to use my mouse now and then anyway.Thanks for reading and be sure to check out my workshop recommendations on this one!"
,Recommended,208580,18362873,"Posted: 6 October, 2015",all,redneckdrow,"I've had the Kotor games for years, and let me tell you: even if you aren't a Star Wars fan, you will get dozens of hours of enjoyment.Aspyr did a great job of porting the game to Linux. They even optimized the game for high-res screens and made sure that most mods work flawlessly. Also, I believe the ""getting stuck"" bugs have been fixed. I have yet to encounter them in this playthrough.However, the game was rushed to release, and a lot of content was cut (including an entire planet!) which is why I cannot recommend the Restored Content and M4-78 mods enough. They make the game feel muxh more complete."
,Recommended,208580,18360896,"Posted: 6 October, 2015",all,Sir Doge of Dogeington,IT IS THE BEST GAEM I HAVE EVR PLAYED 420/69 GOT SHREKED
76561198019910447,Recommended,208580,18310151,"Posted: 3 October, 2015",all,Phantom_53-7,Been playing this game since it came out with the good old days back on my primitive tube computer. Recently got the Steam version cause nostalgia and it's still one of the best Star Wars games to date.10/10 would recommend
,Recommended,208580,18318495,"Posted: 3 October, 2015",all,Naktholomew,"One of my favorite game series of all time, I wish there was a sequel to this."
76561198026481346,Recommended,208580,18306699,"Posted: 3 October, 2015",all,kicken88,"love this game! but why isnt there a kotor3!?! and yea i know that there ""is"" one swotr.. i play that game but maan i hate that its mmo!! just there for my own char and story quests. must lvl up must lvl up must lvl up! hate it! give me the story ffs! but yeah... i need a good kotor 3 (NOT MMO!) because this is one of the best games iv played! sry for my eng.."
76561198204090896,Recommended,208580,18300537,"Posted: 2 October, 2015",all,Bassemaster,"This game is very good and in terms of gameplay is better than Kotor 1 but not in terms of story. The huge update from a while back made it so that the game was able to be brought to Mac and Linux. Even though my 2010 mac doesn't reach the system requirements with Geforce 320m, it still worked. The game was really good up until it got to the point where I had to go to Dantooine a second time. I ended up having to go into the ini file and enable cheats and teleport. Then the game was great again afterwards. Don't play this game without TSL RCM."
76561198102391065,Recommended,208580,15014556,"Posted: 22 March, 2015",all,raven.laney,"This game is awesome. No wait, not just awesome, THE BEST GAME I EVER PLAYED [Besides the first one]. It took me a while to get this game working on my windows 8, But it was worth it!"
76561198025607899,Recommended,208580,10228059,"Posted: 25 May, 2014",all,[TLL] Herms [NL],"Well the thing is, this game is great if you love TOR, but it was definitely not as good as the first one. The story and the game in general felt really rushed. Use the so-called The Sith Lords Restored Content Mod to enjoy the game as it was meant to be."
,Recommended,208580,15060620,"Posted: 26 March, 2015",all,Trucatking,it a fun game there are som bugs and gliths but are rare for me at lest so if you like star wars play this game or the prequel also vary fun
76561197965588525,Recommended,208580,15215609,"Posted: 5 April, 2015",all,Chris |FR],L'un de mes jeux préféré !!Je cherche toujours de nouveaux mode de jeux afin d'y retourner pour passer des heureux de redécouvertes :)
76561198002983661,Recommended,208580,15185589,"Posted: 3 April, 2015",all,henrikzar,Not as brilliant as the first KOTOR but still a good game.
76561198149161357,Recommended,208580,15610927,"Posted: 29 April, 2015",all,TheInkFox88,"As with the first KotOR, this game does an excellent job of expanding on the Old Republic storyline. Many of the great elements of the first game are present in the sequel, for better or for worse, but I'll get to that in a bit. I prefer dessert first so I'll lay down the sweetness before the ricecakes.Pos+$- The skill/feat system is greatly improved. While it keeps the origional, point based system, it makes it much easier to create a character you can call your own.$- The class/prestige system is one of the most notable improvments. Not only giving a vastly superior starting point, but also allowing you to really embrace the Light/Dark side powers and choice system.$- In keeping with the player driven, ""morality"" system, I will note that the game does not ""punish"" you for choosing Dark side actions like it did in the origional.$- The speeder racing minigames are vastly improved and are far more rewarding than the origional.Neg-Rather than dollar pointing the negitives, I will simply break this down to the single greatest reason why this game is not as great as the first, even though it is great. It is a CLONE. Players may or may not be aware of this, but the development changed hands between games and was greatly rushed in comparison to the first. The result was a storyline that simply ""continues"" where the origional left off, and falls short of finding its own identity. Normally this would not be a problem as it is a sequal, but it uses the events of the first to cover up the lack of origionality and noticably underpolished graphics. For those who don't understand what i mean, examine the growth that occured between two other Bioware titles, Mass Effect and Mass Effect 2.All things considered, KotOR 2, is a solid game with a great core in a fantasic Galaxy far, far way. A galaxy that is inhabbited by beautiful landscapes, complex stories and passionate, often ""insane"" people (his name is StarKiller, Mr. Lucas, and he is your fault).8.5/10"
,Recommended,208580,15592818,"Posted: 27 April, 2015",all,dragondrummer92,"I can't recommend this game enough. If you like RPG's and StarWars, there isn't a better game out there. Get it now."
76561198115314819,Recommended,208580,15594553,"Posted: 28 April, 2015",all,Revan,i still love this game to this day
,Recommended,208580,15603077,"Posted: 28 April, 2015",all,kittycairo,This well enjoyed game from my childhood still holds up to my memories and even amazes me with what the Lucas Arts studio was able to put together. I really recomend purchasing this game it has a lot of gameplay and is very replayable.
,Recommended,208580,3926909,"Posted: 9 March, 2013",all,WeskerBot3000,"One of the best, if not the best star wars games ever"
76561198022903052,Not Recommended,208580,15270857,"Posted: 8 April, 2015",all,Chuck Farvre,"**solution to video mode not supported1. edit  /kights of the old republic/swkotor2.ini2. change fullscreen = 1 to fullscreen = 0  whereever you find 'fullscreen'(2places)2a. and framebuffer = 03. save (make sure it saved)4. start game (windowed)5. go to options and advanced graphic(or similar - cant remember exactly)6. pick new resolution7 quit8. change fullscreen=0 to fullscreen=1 (2 places)9. save quit and restart KOTOR2My erview stands because I shouldn't have had to work this out**It was great for 13 hours but then it stopped running. The video mode is now not supported. I've tried out a bunch of  solutions today. This game was 10 dollars and I've already put hours of my time into trying to fix it.I can't recommend  it on steam unless  you are SURE you can run it. I'm win 8 64. ATI .  I'll also try contacting steam but that usually does no good. I've probably put over 100 dollars into unplayable games on steam. The convenience of using steam is a bonus but when it dosen't work you have to eat it.***edit after finishing game***It's fun but in the lsat 1/5 of the game the story falls apart.  The story is pretty bad and very emo complicated. The characters are great. I enjoyed it. I played difficult with no lightsaber (just fists) and the combat was sometimes challenging and it was fun.**at 13 hours***As a game it's great. Better in the first 13 hours then KOTOR1 IMO - and I loved KOTOR 1.  I played on difficult and it wasn't really but it is more of a challenge than KOTOR1. I actually died twice.Anyway, it does story telling right.  The subplots are never ever fetch BS. I know there are supposed to be plot holes and sloppy story telling but I haven't seen it yet. Compared to modern cRPGS it is tight story telling. Not the convoluted overly complicated psuedo artsy horseh*t that is celebrated these days.You feel the action and you want to progress the story. KOTOR does star wars better  than the movies. The writing is efficient, the feel is right.... It's like KOTOR1."
76561198118452645,Recommended,208580,15337737,"Posted: 13 April, 2015",all,tigerfan0913,"Alright guys, this game is freaking fantastic. The story is good and the characters are fantastic. This game could have been one of the greatest ever, and it slightly is in my opionion, but they rushed it for Christmas, causing all sort of bugs and cut content. If you get this game, defintely get the TSL Restored Content Mod, as others have stated. The mod fixes all sorts of problems and makes the game way more enjoyable."
,Recommended,208580,15408789,"Posted: 16 April, 2015",all,Steveland Cleamer,"Great game; Compatibility issues.A strong sequel to the first KOTOR, with improvements to items and feats.Even more additional content may be unlocked with The Sith Lords Restored Content Mod.Has compatibility issues with Win7, most of which can be solved by disabling 'Frame Buffer Effects' under Graphics -> Advanced Options."
,Recommended,208580,3236771,"Posted: 23 August, 2012",all,The Man Who Trolled The World,PRO TIP: This is the best game ever and if you hate it you hate freedom. You terrorist.http://www.moddb.com/mods/the-sith-lords-restored-content-mod-tslrcm/downloadsNow with an actual ending!
76561198109120921,Recommended,208580,7934926,"Posted: 5 December, 2013",all,Traife,I highly reccomend this game. It is highly addictive and I am so happy to find it here on steam!
,Recommended,208580,12197016,"Posted: 23 September, 2014",all,berychance,"With the Restored Content Mod, this game ends up even better than the first. More than that, the game's willingness to explore the duality of the Force beyond the standard Light is Good and Dark is Bad and address both Sides of the Force in shades of grey creates one of the more compelling narratives in the Star Wars universe.The game is held back somewhat by the aging d20, semi-turn-based combat system that feels wholy lackluster compared to the recent step towards compelling real-time combat like the Souls and Witcher series. However, if you can get past that the game is still excellent."
,Recommended,208580,22061469,"Posted: 26 March, 2016",all,Ulfsark,"have had this game on hardcopy for a long time, then lost the discs. still as much fun as i remember. only glitch ive found that i dont recall is that ifyou leave the game running, and the system goes into screensaver, powersave, or other modes where the screen, but not the game, turns off, any following dialogue will be shown for all of a quarter second, and full cutscenes will play out as if you were clicking past them. any time your character has dialogue option, you will get to make those, but no npc dialogue will be visible outside of the ""message log"". you can fix this by saving, then exiting the game entirely."
76561198064393435,Recommended,208580,21972239,"Posted: 21 March, 2016",all,evilmonkey858,"I like the story better in the first game, but this one isn't bad.  I like the added ability to influence followers A LOT.  It really adds to the game and I wish they had this in the first game!  This game can get a little glitchy at times, but with help from steam workshop a lot of these are fixed and to be honest I love this game enough that I can look past it.  KOTOR 2 can be played with a concole controller, but I would recommend keyboard and mouse.  I have not tried it with the new steam controller, so I can't say how well it would work with that."
,Recommended,208580,22090235,"Posted: 27 March, 2016",all,Refined Gentlemen,Its alright. The storyline is very short tho but its worth the price
76561198070311803,Recommended,208580,22090648,"Posted: 27 March, 2016",all,Zmann_ETAF,"I have been playing this game for over ten years now, and I still find enjoyment in it. It might not look all that pretty, but for only $10, this game is one of the better buys you can get on steam. It has a riveting RPG storyline that will make you want to play it over and over again. I would definantly recomend this to anyone who enjoys the Star Wars franchise, or enjoys playing RPG games."
76561198086858847,Recommended,208580,22089915,"Posted: 27 March, 2016",all,apEX,I did some weird strip-dance dominatrix crap for a hutt as the handmaiden.10/10 would strip again.
,Recommended,208580,22149959,"Posted: 30 March, 2016",all,DestrOyeR_MeePo,One of the best games which i know.
,Recommended,208580,22148030,"Posted: 30 March, 2016",all,Pug,"Not nearly as good of a story as the first game. Weak ending, low level of depth in the interactions with other characters, and general buginess.However, most of these issues can be fixed with mods available through the steam workshop. The restoration mod made the game playable, but it's still not a good follow-up to the first game. Would still recommend, maybe 7.5/10."
,Recommended,208580,22026283,"Posted: 24 March, 2016",all,togias,This has to be one of the best RPG's i've ever played.
76561198131640733,Recommended,208580,22076670,"Posted: 26 March, 2016",all,cburno2345,"honestly this game is fine as a whole, it just starts out slow."
,Recommended,208580,22073157,"Posted: 26 March, 2016",all,Deniel Lountree,"A legendary successor to Knights of the Old Republic game. The story continues from the first part, and you take the role of a former Jedi, who suffered a major memory loss after an unknown incident. You will visit new and revisit some old places from the first game, meet new and familiar allies and enemies, and would eventually discover what happened to the Jedi, the Republic and the Sith after Revan left known space.Sadly, the game suffered major content losses since the developer was rushed to release the game early. Though almost all of the assets were later released to the public, and one group of talented individuals released the mod TSL Restored Content, which fills almost all of the cut dialogues/places/events and makes the game whole. The mod is available in Steam Workshop and is a major recommendation for everyone!"
76561197998903630,Recommended,208580,22294716,"Posted: 7 April, 2016",all,Storm_Shot,"Very different from the first KOTOR, but a nice shift in perspective. I see the seeds of Mass Effect 2 all over in this game."
,Recommended,208580,22314017,"Posted: 9 April, 2016",all,XpO.,Great game. 10/10
76561198000523282,Recommended,208580,22328776,"Posted: 9 April, 2016",all,LIVMODER,One of the best rpgs of all time even without the Restored content mod.
,Recommended,208580,22329106,"Posted: 9 April, 2016",all,Saxepeare,"A must play game for any fan of Star Wars. Contains tons of replay value, many quotable moments, thought-provoking storytelling and decent gameplay."
,Recommended,208580,22295845,"Posted: 7 April, 2016",all,Troletrain,"Kotor 2 is an amazing game. I can't think of another game that:lets players gain great and varied allies,allows the influence of allies to either good or bad personalities [which could be opposite of that character's normal personality],offers extensive and varied upgradeable weapons and armor,offers incredible replay by choosing to play light, mixed, or dark side,has a rich universe,has tons of great mods to enhance the game [TSLRCM].Even though this game has some minor bugs, and LucasArts threatened Obsidian into releasing the game in an unreasonably short time frame which cut content [screw you LucasArts], Kotor 2 is a great game made even greater with the Restored Content mod.In summary, play Kotor 2 if you like Star Wars, RPGs, and an overall great experience."
76561198005958992,Recommended,208580,22316543,"Posted: 9 April, 2016",all,Chronolord,"Obsidian took what Bioware made and improved it, considerably. With the Restored Content mod now on the Steam Workshop, this game will be one of the best RPGs you will ever play."
,Recommended,208580,22316664,"Posted: 9 April, 2016",all,I R Baboon,"i loved this game before i learned of the TSLRC mod. i love this game even more because of the community and their development of the TSLRC mod. IU highly recommend this game, and i highly recommend the TSLCR mod. If you love good story telling with unique and memorable characters with a twist of starwars, then this game is the right one for you."
76561198001683260,Recommended,208580,22049725,"Posted: 25 March, 2016",all,a pinata full of d4s,"This is legitimately one of the best RPGs I've ever played, and would only be better if it had actually been finished."
,Recommended,208580,22034774,"Posted: 24 March, 2016",all,Blazing Snake,"Try to get the Mod that adds the Cut content back into the game. It adds more into it so it feels more complete. even if you Don't have that mod, its still a Good Sequl even though Bio-ware had no hand in it. Still waiting for a Third one you guys, and don't say TOR is Kotor III."
,Recommended,208580,10142650,"Posted: 16 May, 2014",all,•҉ SomeDuke,"This game is old, but still fun, even after 10 years.  Although admittedly incomplete, it makes up for its deficiencies with a great, philosophical story, interesting characters and a deep combat system that still holds up well after all this time."
,Recommended,208580,10144351,"Posted: 16 May, 2014",all,TheMaesen,"Love this game. Played the hell out of it on my Xbox back in the day, and now I'm enjoying it all over again with the Restored Content mod. If you haven't played this game yet, or KotOR I for that matter, you should."
,Recommended,208580,10115214,"Posted: 14 May, 2014",all,♠ Kyle ♠,The game that never gets old. Been playing this here and there since 2005 and I even started beforehand on the original one. I've beaten this game probably over 30 times so that just tells anybody who likes an RPG to give this game a go.
,Recommended,208580,10148398,"Posted: 17 May, 2014",all,Kaelion,"Need some help, so, I was really hyped about seeing this game go on sale, picked it up for a few bucks, like $3/4, so it's not the price I paid that makes me upset, its the fact that im so close to playing a childhood game, and nope.So basically, my problem is, When im playing (Haven't gotten off the asteroid starter yet), I can play for anywhere from 1 - 5 minutes, than all of a sudden my framerate drops down to like...literally 10, and than it just crashes, not really sure why, if anyone has a fix for this, please post."
76561197999126279,Recommended,208580,10154712,"Posted: 17 May, 2014",all,metroid007,This game is freakin amazing!! Get it!
76561197994659440,Recommended,208580,11787742,"Posted: 19 August, 2014",all,Mustat Lasit,"KotOR never quite reaches the feel of Star Wars its predecessor did, it deserves some credit for its ambitious take on the Star Wars universe. The restoration mod is essential, though, because the game was published far too early, and especeially the ending is a horrible mess."
76561198073031205,Recommended,208580,11788333,"Posted: 19 August, 2014",all,Acekj,"I played the original KOTOR as a child. When i first got onto steam, KOTOR 2 was the game I searched for. Needless to say, I wasnt disappointed"
,Recommended,208580,11780745,"Posted: 19 August, 2014",all,DOUBLEDRAGONZ,Love this game.
76561198141787111,Recommended,208580,11776352,"Posted: 18 August, 2014",all,Cerebroassassin,amazing game not as good as the first 1 tho also get really hard later in the game which makes a great challange highly recomend this game
,Recommended,208580,11798159,"Posted: 20 August, 2014",all,Boom,Solid Rpg. Use the The Sith Lords Restored Content mod for further enjoyment
,Recommended,208580,11800345,"Posted: 20 August, 2014",all,SM76,I remember playing this game on the X Box 360 back when it first came out i would spend hour upon hours on this game ..  Be a Sith or a Jedi train your crew to be good or bad mold your own furture as a sith or Jedi ... yeah this game rocks ... plus its Star Wars you cant lose ..
,Recommended,208580,11801793,"Posted: 20 August, 2014",all,ranyx,"100% recommended! you'll fall in love with the story line! High replayability value! great characters, good music, average looking graphics, STARWARS! what are you waiting for? go and get this game! it's a MUST-PLAY classic! It'll never get old!"
76561198003181815,Recommended,208580,2156950,"Posted: 10 April, 2013",all,clintologist,The 2nd best star wars game out there and one of the best RPGs
76561198092579467,Recommended,208580,11758463,"Posted: 17 August, 2014",all,goldstep1080,"Although there are some bugs and the graphics show the age of the game, the plot and feelings of choice are so well done for this game. It's real RPG and not just a hack'n'slash feel.If you haven't tried it and have a few hours to spend, it is worth the effort."
76561198079123562,Recommended,208580,10888206,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,AwesomeSawesome,"This game is great. Better than the first game? Yes and no. In terms of gameplay, this one takes the old combat engine and gives it a huge upgrade. Storywise, though, it is lackluster. While the original was simple and to the point, but with many twists and lots of character development, this one falls short. It had some enjoyable characters, but others were boring and received little development. Some were introduced so late in the game (depending on what order you play it in) that I didn't get to see if they had any development. The hands-on and easy to do character development of the original is replaced by a strange system that is difficult to use. However,some of the character interactions were interesting and immersive. The overall plot is interesting and raises good qeustions, but there were many points where I was unsure what was happening or why. At the end of the game, I was left very confused as to why certain things had happened. On a more positive note, the gameplay is excellent. While sometimes many characters seem as though they couldn't hit the side of the barn, the overall fluidity is great. The leveling system is great, and can be very immersive. All in all, if you can over look a few problems with the story, you have an excellent, entertaining, and immersive game that will give you hours of gameplay.The other big problem is the glitches. They are intolerable at some points. They vary, from skipping through entire important conversations to simply crashing ffor no reason at all. This game is very unfinished. From what I've heard, this is due to the developers being rushed by ther sponsors. These glitches aren't really deal breakers, especially sense there are many mods that essentially finish the game. The sad fact is that this game could have been even better then the original-quite a feat-but it is left in it's shadow because of this lack of polish.Overall this game is worth getting, especially sense it is only ten dollars, but if you want a more finished game, you'll have to download mods on your own time. 7/10 for the Vanilla."
76561198044868514,Recommended,208580,11749237,"Posted: 16 August, 2014",all,Praetoss,"The great sequel to an already great game, Knights of the Old Republic 2: The Sith Lords takes what you loved about the first game, and improves upon it in various ways. Some blame Obsidian for the fact that alot was cut out of the game, but it was LucasArts, and their haste to get it out by Christmas. But, all that can be solved for when you download the Restored Content mod, which adds EVERYTHING that was cut from the final game, and then some. You seriously need to play this series."
,Recommended,208580,11753811,"Posted: 17 August, 2014",all,tomakady,It's amazing. Get it. Enough said.
,Recommended,208580,9448527,"Posted: 13 March, 2014",all,Admiral Reige,Even though it has a bug here and there this is a really awesome game and if you havn't play Star Wars Knights Of the Old Republic 1 you should! Thank you for reading my post and have a good day!
76561198119792915,Recommended,208580,11746049,"Posted: 16 August, 2014",all,K3RRIGANZERG,"Don't get me wrong, I love this game and to be honest it's one of my favorite games but with that said I don't know if I'm the only one experiencing this problem. This game gets really glitchy for me at times, for example when there's  cutscenes sometimes there's no volume at all or when you're interacting with the other characters the dialogue skips completely and also there's no volume again (doesn't happen always though) I've also looked at some influence guilds because people who know this game knows influence is pretty important in this game and we all have our favorite characters we like to get close to. (mine is Visas btw) I tried doing what the guild said but this is what happened and I'll just post it so you know what I'm talking about.""Merchant District - Give an open starport visa to Terlyn, the mother with children, then say: ""The darkness clouds your mind's eye, Visas. Compassion can create problems, but it is a source of greater strength."" for influence""I did this but then realize while Visas is talking, if the mother leaves with her kids past the loading part where you landed your ship the dialogue cuts off, also even if you click fast to skip it so you can reply back to her, in the end you don't receive influence from her which is pretty annoying especially if you're playing a lightside character because most things will get you to lose influence, and having some things glitched out making you not able to gain influence is like I said pretty annoying.But with all that said this game is still amazing and I recommend it to others for sure just wish some of these problems were fixed."
,Recommended,208580,5377548,"Posted: 25 September, 2012",all,Mad Iorveth,"Thanks to the TSL Restored Content mod, which is a definite must-have for Knights of the Old Republic II - The Sith Lords, I'm able to finally give KotOR 2 a 10/10. This series has reserved itself its place in video game history with an awesomely presented story, which especially in KotOR 2 is presented in a much darker fashion than one would be used to from a Star Wars installment, and excellent round-based combat and an abundance of decisions the player will make, each of which with their own consequences, each of which shifting your hero toward the Light, or the Dark. Both are fun, both should be played."
,Recommended,208580,11528448,"Posted: 2 August, 2014",all,Viper X,"The following sequel to 2003's ""Star Wars: Knight of the Old Republic."" Sith Lords picks up 5 years, after the events of the first game, and quickly launch you into another galactic conflict. This game you start as a Jedi...with no Lightsaber, there's always a catch isn't there; we all know sequels are generally let down, (this is no exception). SL makes a valiant attempt at surpassing Kotor 1 the only problem is. Obsidian was pressed for time, and rather than delaying the release of the game; they put it out early and unfinished. At that time DLCs apparently weren't as common, as nothing was later released to tie up the loose ends; or to finish the game which left many fans, including myself wanting. All in all it's a wonderful game, but not without flaws. I completely recommend it to anyone who has played Kotor 1, or wants a game that is fun to mod."
76561198131518164,Recommended,208580,11451605,"Posted: 28 July, 2014",all,KK,wtf first the game start I get to main screen I even make a charekter. then there is a ceen cut and then it apears that a foult  has apeard that stops the game.now i cant even run the♥♥♥♥♥♥ ♥♥♥♥ING STEAM.
,Recommended,208580,11538923,"Posted: 3 August, 2014",all,Lis,"It's damn amazing game! I can say nothing, play it, you'll understand."
,Recommended,208580,11575769,"Posted: 6 August, 2014",all,PhillipManards,I will start off by saying this: I am not really a Star Wars fan.Now let me tell you that this game almost single handedly changed that. That's it. That's my review. This game is great go buy it! Just be sure to install the restored content mod to fix all the bugs.
76561198101850357,Recommended,208580,11622409,"Posted: 9 August, 2014",all,jamall.m91,"What i dont understand is the fact that the first star wars works on my mac, but the second one is giving me the problem i know it does not work for my current platform but can anyone explain how i can get it to work? Thank you."
76561198114482568,Recommended,208580,11705007,"Posted: 14 August, 2014",all,Ender,"This is the second best game i have ever played, and the first is the original kotor. I am still a big first person shooter, and i would recomend this game to all. Especially those who like a good story."
76561198025181563,Recommended,208580,10625919,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,Rhiow Mottyl,A classic with a huge amount of replay value! 9/10
,Recommended,208580,10626828,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,SovRain,"Nothing says ""bad Star Wars"" like a well written game with thought provoking dialogue, a story with so many layers to it you'll be unravelling it for days and droids going beep boop. This game is for those who want a tale to be told. Gameplay itself is questionable but serviceable and with community patches for Restored Content, you'll play for ages. Bear in mind that at this point I have played 25 hours on PC and at least 50 elsewhere. This is the♥♥♥♥♥♥"
,Recommended,208580,10629259,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,ShadowShine,"One of my favorite games from the original XBox. I'm really dissappointed that they never made a REAL third game, but that's ok. I kinda wish they'd remaster it with better graphics, like what happened to Fable. I don't want to ruin the story for anyone that has yet to play these two games. If you haven't played these two games, I highly recommend that you do. The first one has a better story, but the second one has a better play style.They did a good job with the creation of these games, given the time period."
76561198013320212,Recommended,208580,10689403,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,A Strange Hard-On,This is my youth. Nuff said.
76561198051104188,Recommended,208580,10802396,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,Tadakatsu,"I used to play this game as a child. and this was my childhood. very fun game waaaay back, and still is now. If I can sum up this whole game in one word. It would be AWESOME!"
76561198049652729,Recommended,208580,10805428,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,TheFirstJerkbag,"Game is amazing. It is an experience, not just a game. Massive replay value. Also, download the TSLRCM."
76561198036456215,Recommended,208580,10795515,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,Mihanu,This is such a great game.  Some parts of the game could have more time work on or even need time to make it how the makers want it ot be.  You can enjoy every playthrough.  What the game lacks it makes up for it by every sec you play.
76561198040295814,Recommended,208580,10676698,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,cracked54,"This is probably the best sequel I've ever played in my life. What I mean by that is that I probably wouldn't have enjoyed the story as much if I hadn't played KotOR 1 first. It's possible to get the story without playing through both games, but still, it's better if you play both. In terms of gameplay, I thought the combat was solid and enjoyable for a turn-based RPG, and the minigames, namely swoop racing and playing Pazaak, were really fun as well. All in all, this a really good game, and I don't really have anything to complain about. The game's fairly long (I think my first playthrough took 30 hours or so), and it has some replayability due to the few somewhat significant choices you can make on each planet, but it only really has one ending (dark/light alignment notwithstanding) that's somewhat ambiguous.Still, really good game. I'd give it a 9/10 and definitely recommend it to any Star Wars fans.P.S. If you do get this game, be sure to download the TSLRCM mod which adds in a lot of the content that was cut from the game. The game is literally incomplete without it, something I'd even noticed when I did my very first playthrough when I'd never heard of the mod."
76561198066155172,Recommended,208580,10676734,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,hikothedarkwolf,This game... i absolutely love this game. i thought it was a nice improvemnet over the first. it was difficult but never to difficult i found the story very interesting and was intrigued by most of the cast that you ride along with.
76561197999510642,Recommended,208580,10660201,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,Hyperion,Obsidian has a habit of doing a sequel  and one upping the original. While the story isn't as good as the first the combat is more polished and the companions are alot more customizable
,Recommended,208580,2559060,"Posted: 23 May, 2013",all,Travo,"An interesting sequel to the first KotOR game. The story does not take off where the first episode ended, but there are still multiple references to the time at which the original KotOR took place, so it's reccommended you play the first episode beforehand. Even though the story is noticeably more boring than that of the original KotOR, it's still worth playing."
76561198037047073,Recommended,208580,10664065,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,Possum,"Amazing Game, Played it about 10 times when I was younger so great replay value. Peragus is a ♥♥♥♥♥ tho"
,Recommended,208580,27043583,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,NotTheNobleSix,Great story with great gameplay. It is as good if not better than the first one and has good replay value with mods and different in-game alignments.
,Recommended,208580,17868617,"Posted: 3 September, 2015",all,Canterno,"Ok so... where to start?I played this game for about 6.5 years now and still come back to start a new run every now and then...Get the  ""Restored Conted Mod"" out of the Workshop and its a 10/10without maby a 9.5/10"
,Recommended,208580,27088365,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Cold Blooded Murderer,A true masterpiece which will last throughout the ages. The epitome of Obsidian's writing and storytelling.
,Recommended,208580,27337071,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Sneed's Feed & Seed,"She's out there. Setting up camp. Alone, on a strange galaxy. Maybe right now she's settling in for the long nap.By the light of her new sun, in her new home.9/10"
,Recommended,208580,27108692,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Rabbitkin,"As many others have probably said, this game is pretty different for a Star Wars game. Instead of treading some of that old ground I would also like to point out the following, from other people's reactions and my impressions of the game:This is almost like a Star Wars Horror game, the villains are amazing and overwhelming in this cosmic tapestry of darkness. Darth Nihilus is one of the best sith lords I have ever seen, because he is truly terrifying in both concept and design.If there was to be a Star Wars movie adaptation, aside from an Obi-Wan spin off that everyone wants, this would be the story to go with.Kotor 2: The Sith Lords, I bought it for under $4, I think the story is absolutely worth more than this, however, the older style of gameplay may be a hurdle for some. If you find the game too hard, please just put it on easy as half of the game is great story choices anyway - the combat system is good for those who like that kind of thing I'm sure, but I am recommending this game for the story as I am very story focused as a player.Enjoy!"
76561198037395171,Recommended,208580,27400181,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Gandy,.
,Recommended,208580,27404555,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Garren79,Great Game Loved then and still love it now
76561197994287519,Recommended,208580,27450074,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Bobo,it's an old game but it has really good story
,Recommended,208580,27423121,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,1 rooting tooting mother fucker,Star Wars KOTOR is that game that i will go back to play anually its a shame they havent thought about continuing the series or even thought about bringing out a remaster because its just overall a solid RPG
76561198212944543,Recommended,208580,27439548,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Gunnulf,Awesome game.
,Recommended,208580,27400589,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Spectrum™,"Nominate for the TEST OF TIME award, If you've played this gaem then you understand why I nominate it"
76561198071921523,Recommended,208580,27420746,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,John F. Kennedy,love this game
,Recommended,208580,25481294,"Posted: 12 September, 2016",all,WinSri,"Both KOTOR and KOTOR 2 bring back great memories, they are considered classic games to me. Love KOTOR 2 and the storyline! Highly recommended if you love Star Wars and RPG."
76561198046947725,Recommended,208580,27525272,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Donald J. Trump,"This game was my childhood before I got into PC gaming. Xbox version never freezed up on you, unlike the PC version (likely Windows 10 doesn't really support it well). You can easily play through this, and replay it again just to be on the Dark Side, or completely focus on lightsaber combat than  using force powers. I nominated this game as the ""WHOOOOOOAAAAA, DUDE!"" award because if you thought the plot twist on the first Knights of the Old Republic was mind boggling, you'll have to use your hand to keep your mouth shut when you uncover the truth behind the entire story. If I could give this game the ""The Villian Who Needs a Hug"" award, I would as well. It's a darker toned story, lined with tragedy, and redemption. But you have to play the game to understand fully the majesty that is this game!"
,Recommended,208580,27493907,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Shay,"Definitely get the Restored Content patch before playing it for the first time. (Or after) The game is simply not complete without it; a good story becomes a great one.I first played The Sith Lords almost 12 years ago now, and its story has lost none of its power. It challenges the popular concept of the Force, war, and how it relates (or is shaped) by human nature. Even playing it now, I still find myself absorbed by the conversations and themes being discussed, even though I've played it an absurd number of times. For me, there is no higher praise.For any new players out there, yes, Peragus does suck. Trust me, it's worth it. ;)"
76561198045925327,Recommended,208580,27506317,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Dankota,EASY choice of the test of time award
76561197960437787,Recommended,208580,18243745,"Posted: 28 September, 2015",all,GunSlinger,Bugy but good. Even better now that it was updated.
,Recommended,208580,27501387,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Coco,"Great Game all round, Would recommend."
76561197996472420,Recommended,208580,27370690,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Rooler333,Statement: Meatbag.
76561198041013930,Recommended,208580,27369837,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Benjaminotaur,"This game was an improvement on the first that maybe overdid certain things, then got rushed and chopped at the end.  There is a content restore mod, but it didn't fix the feeling I was left with at the end.Dialogue choices were excellent, though I'd check a guide so you don't shut yourself out of conversations that require influence if you don't want to.The biggest problem I had with this game was my favorite thing about it.  Kreia made me hate the force.  Hard to get on board with the rest of the game.  Hard to get past that with new Star Wars movies on the way.  Well done."
76561198238702082,Recommended,208580,27533282,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,ThotPatrol,"bEST RPG EVER can play this 100 times never gets old, nominated for the test of time award 2016"
,Recommended,208580,12214076,"Posted: 23 September, 2014",all,Jedi Lord David,"While it may not surpass the original in quality, it is still a great game and another instant classic. Definitely worth replaying if you miss great star wars games."
76561198022247566,Recommended,208580,27140037,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Eosphorus,"The best star wars games ever. Amazing RPG. Actually makes the force interesting, not just leaving us with the 2 opposites of jedi and sith. RPG system worked into the plot seemlessly. Just a shame it wasn't finished.... The restored content mods are great, but it would have been nice if the studio could have done it themselves."
76561198074969102,Recommended,208580,27135996,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Valkorth,"Amazing game, if you like RPGs give it a go."
76561198044203858,Recommended,208580,18559189,"Posted: 18 October, 2015",all,fuTURE,"A walkthrough can take anywhere from 10 hours to 50 hours.This game is amazing in all aspects.However, I've got to be honest, despite the dev support, this game hasn't aged well.It doesn't matter, though, this game is a blast to play."
,Recommended,208580,27137190,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Salty Man,"this game was just another unlucky unfinished masterpiece. Had it have more time, I'm sure that the developers could have given us a great product that could stand out for decades.But dont let that keep you out from buying this game, it is a great game nonetheless. A must have for rpg lovers and a cool bonus for star wars fans."
,Recommended,208580,27114052,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Zerus,"One of the best RPG's I've ever played. Great dialogues, deep thoughts and fun mechanics. Restored Content Mod is a must."
,Recommended,208580,27158004,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Eahl,Best ever.
76561197969071410,Recommended,208580,27148609,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Jeffoy,Was Amazing. Still is.
76561198042132088,Recommended,208580,27242698,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Topuz,"pazzak and races are the best mini games ever!The main game? Not so good, after 10th time you finish it it gets a bit old"
,Recommended,208580,27117818,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Sweval,"Another fantastic Star Wars game, a must buy!"
,Recommended,208580,27261403,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Eternity,Excellent would like another.
,Recommended,208580,27257598,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Dinkleton Estates,"TL;DR SWKOTOR II is a great game and is often placed on sale so I strongly reccomend it to anyone who is a fan of Star Wars or enjoys RPG Games.Star Wars Knights of the Old Republic II is a lovable buggy mess. The combat system starts out rather bland but becomes quickly engaging as you decide which optimization trees and force powers to use to more quickly defeat opponents. For me personally this game is the ultimate nostalgia piece I remember playing it on the original xbox and getting stuck over and over trying to murder a few shady assassin robots. I tend to replay this game once a year when I feel its time and each time I'm entertained in saving the galaxy and at this point speed running it with specific abilities that make the combat system much faster.The Combat: This is the best part of the game in my opinion or at least the most engaging there are several different styles to approach combat my favorite is Soldier->Knight->HACKANDSLASH-BEATEMUP-ISWINGTHISLIGHTSABERREALFAST. The ranged combat can be an excellent tool for taking on enemies that you aren't fully prepared for and I highly reccomend playing through the game on the most difficult setting because the combat system is based on a rolling system so if you are stuck you can eventually breakthrough. Another interesting feature that could be considered a downside is the pathing the AI uses to try to attack & kill you for the most part you can always backtrack and the AI's pathfinding is that of a paniced young child lost in a store searching for its parents so the player can usually kite enemies very effectively evading combat range through clever hiding in nooks or breaking the game by simply shifting the view of the player. Companions also improve combat if you have three lightsaber wielding knight equivilents with force speed you've pretty much out optimizied the hardest difficult setting which can be rewarding.The Story: The story in this game serves a purpose and has major plot twists but is definetly not the shining star in the game in my opinion. The story serves to drive you through various environments and planets so you can further your alignment with various companions and the light side or dark side. In doing this the story is very effective, in telling a story that is engaging on every playthrough or sometimes even coherent given the bugs and glitches in the game not so much.The Bugs and Glitches: I might as well address these because they pervade the entirety of this game. It will crash, it will break, it will glitch. Save often & in different slots or you may find yourself with a broken unfixable save state because some dialogue options are untriggerable or are simply broken. Dialogue can at times skip and the advancements of operating systems hasn't been especially kind to this game as it hasn't been with many titles (looking at you bethesda with unplayable titles on windows 10.)Visual presentation: The visual presentation of this game has held up. It was released in the early 2000's and the visuals don't break immersion even after experiencing newer games with better graphics.The Soundtrack: The soundtrack in this game is good and suitable for a Star Wars game not much else I can say about it other than that it helps with immersion other times the tracks seem a bit repetitive if you're stuck on one planet/in one area for too long.BONUS ROUND: EA is a capital M-Monster and has various deplorable business practices so I am hesitant to support them as they have really earned their worst Company in America 2 years running. The hate they garner is well deserved as they are clearly concerned about their bottom line, every corporation that operates without non-profit designation is, but EA doesn't even maintain a facade. Unfinished games, hard working employees being milked for profits then let go, small studios likely capable of producing great games but in need of funding acquired and then immediately dissolved. Also I've put many hours into TOR (The Old Republic) and am sorry to say that the vanilla game is no sequel to this great game and is a boring MMO travesty.Pray for KOTOR III M9's (even less likely considering Disneys acquisition of the intellectual property and the profitability of inspired titles with uninspired delivery that fall so short like the new Battlefront.)"
76561198020113442,Recommended,208580,27243723,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Shai-Hulud,I miss Malachor V in the new canon
76561198081975921,Recommended,208580,27267023,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Masterken,one word. awsomethey have to make a remake
,Recommended,208580,27255517,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Whatsherface,Amazing game that took over my childhood id recommend this and the first KOTOR to anyone.
,Recommended,208580,19421161,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,Arthalor | CSGO500,"KOTOR 1 and 2... My childhood... It was a damn good childhood, and I'm really grateful to my dad for showing me the game, when he did.... I was a 7 year old clueless newbie...I was a kid back then, with no idea what a computer was, and what it could do, I played the game and used a computer for the first time. I was amazed that I can build my own character in the world of Star Wars. It was such an epic journey for me back then. It was everything I needed back then, at that age, because I was and I still am a huge Star Wars fan. No need to explain why :)...Nowadays I still have the same feeling. This game started everything for me.Once I saw it on Steam, it was a big relief for me and I bought it right away.-I started playing Kotor 1.-Finished it.-Watched the movies.-Got more hyped.-Started KOTOR 2.-Played the ♥♥♥♥ out of it.-Finished it.-I was then a complete Star Wars nerd...The best Star Wars game series Lucasarts have ever done, and I'm really glad they did.After 10 years, the game got an update... :• 37 achievements to be earned through gameplay• Steam Cloud saves• Native widescreen resolution support• Resolution support up to 4K and 5K• Support for controllers, including Xbox 360, Xbox One, Playstation3, and Playstation 4, along with several others (check the system requirements for details)• Steam Workshop support! We proudly worked with the Restored Content Mod Team to have their famous TSLRCM up on launch dayWell... Considering 10 years, its not bad.These things were needed, and its good that they still remember this game and its not abandoned. :-)I'll be a Star Wars nerd for life.Thank you George Lucas, Obsidian Entertainment, and Lucasarts :')."
76561198079409868,Recommended,208580,27316787,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Nocobo27,really good
76561197999508791,Recommended,208580,1903053,"Posted: 23 July, 2013",all,QUIGPIG,the best
,Recommended,208580,27341252,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,brewer312,"Great game, murder some people, help no one. The true jedi way."
,Recommended,208580,19373672,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,fjsantanella,Bring yourself back in time. It's like playing games in middle school again!
76561198053826619,Recommended,208580,19373786,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,crocodilius,"looks better, runs better than the first;obsidian always did that well.why the hell were they always the""rushed sequel studio""?anyway, do it."
76561198154396761,Recommended,208580,19377555,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,Edgy as a Circle,Can you manipulate and turn your companions into whatever alighnment you want them to be? (Yes)Can you follow your anger and kill all the remaining jedi masters? (Yes)Can you blow up an entire planet or let your enemey blow it up? (basically)Can you slice people up withsome awesome vibrosords? (YES)Are there many bugs and problems with the game? (Maybe but I do not care!)
76561198125078677,Recommended,208580,19378429,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,Ralph Niggum,havent played it yet but i know it will be great
,Recommended,208580,19424004,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,IceSanta,It is good BUT WHY THE HELL WOULD I WANT TO ATTACK FIRST WHEN I'M TRYING TO USE A MEDPACK
76561198258313726,Not Recommended,208580,19449312,"Posted: 2 December, 2015",all,Fudgenheimer,"So, I love KOTOR I. I played it long long ago when it first came out at blockbuster, i played the hell out of it for the week that i had it. And never got a chance to finish it, so when the steam sale came out, i bought up the two and played them like hell. That's it for my credentials. (i'll do my best to not spoil anything from the first KOTOR or the second.)As for KOTOR II, I have yet to finish the game, i'm about 10 hours in so far and its in my opinion a downgrade from the first. Yes there are a few new mechanics, however the majority of the game seems unnecissary, like ""why make this building so damn big with a♥♥♥♥♥♥load of different rooms, if in each room i get a single medpack or a part in each room"".Also the plot line is a bit confusing, at the beginning you get told that you were once a jedi or something and that you're the last jedi in the galaxy. And it led me to believe ""oh♥♥♥♥♥♥so i'm the same character as the last game"", however, after a few frustrating hours getting off pandarus and getting past the most ANNOYING HK dorid i've ever met and at least 20 walkthroughs, you realize that youre initial assumptions aren't exactly true.This frustrates the hell out of me becasue it seems like they go out of their way to be mysterious and not let you know everything all at once, however, the mystery is a bit un needed. The beauty of the first KOTOR was the ending and how the ENTIRE plot got flipped, turnt upside down, without having to be too mysterious or not letting the player be out of the loop on what the hell was going on. Now it seems that the plot to KOTOR II is based on figuring out Just what the hell is going on with my own guy.However, I may just have a bias to any sequal to one of my all time favorite games of my childhood. And I may be a pit nit picky when it comes to this game, but it just doesn't feel right to me. The small new mechanics that I assume they thought would make the game better and more intuitive seem to just be annoying to me. For example, when using a medpack you have to first select a medpack and then click on your face or someone elses face to use it, although it makes sense if you only level up one characters ""treat injury"" skill, in the middle of a battle i want to just spam click a medpack and not have to pause the game to make two different imputs.All this is my opinion of course, and i'm not even finished with the game yet. However, I don't know if I even want to finish this one by the way i feel about it already. As frustrating as it is i may have to let this one go and leave my memory of the KOTORs to the first one.If you read all that, Thanks for reading. If you're not reading this.. then you're probably a smart person who doesn't have time to read someone's opinion on a game no one really plays anymore."
76561198186984387,Recommended,208580,18109602,"Posted: 19 September, 2015",all,mr jtw,this game is grate fun aspesherly now its for mac its grate and fun the best part is getting yore ship back on perragas its just FUN. but one bad thing about it is i wish thear was knights of the old republic 3 i hope thear well be kinghts of the old republic 3 soon i hope
,Recommended,208580,19346839,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,5ONEohhh,I first played this on the original xbox. over a decade later the game still is as enjoyable as ever. Highly recommend picking this up if you like RPGs. a must in your collection. its a steal during sale prices. Plus they updated this recently so it has full controller support and achievements!
76561198063820493,Recommended,208580,19433217,"Posted: 2 December, 2015",all,xXCruxcisXx,"seriously legendary video game, unfortunatey kotor has seen the same love this one got with an update cause there both on equal grounds in my book"
76561198054519435,Recommended,208580,19434377,"Posted: 2 December, 2015",all,drdouglasdark,It's a bit of a strange game mechanic but well worth the bargain bin price tag!
76561198086116197,Recommended,208580,19440787,"Posted: 2 December, 2015",all,KielbasaQueen,
,Recommended,208580,19442451,"Posted: 2 December, 2015",all,AE86 (Swerto),"Obsidian, as always, did a knockout job with KOTOR 2. And with the completion mod fleshing out all the plotholes created by Lucas Arts forcing the game out early, and the Windows 10 support this game is vastly superior to KOTOR 1 on modern machines. A *must* if you are looking for a star wars RPG."
76561198109646792,Not Recommended,208580,19565868,"Posted: 8 December, 2015",all,StoneColdFrost,Every single time i try and play and start a new game it ♥♥♥♥♥ itself
76561198182283431,Recommended,208580,19538823,"Posted: 6 December, 2015",all,GARY OAK,"dense lore, aged graphics, fun gameplay, interesting side quests... it's good."
76561198032830864,Recommended,208580,19542619,"Posted: 6 December, 2015",all,<HW> {GaS} Your_Local_Dr.Crun,"Knights of the Old Republic II Sith Lords is a great Game! I have been playing the Kotor series over the past two weeks and I am surprised that I have not got onto it sooner. Focusing on the second tital, Obsetian Entertainment has grabbed Bioware's title and made a huge amount of gameplay improvements from the first game. The combat and AI are vastley better and more finel tuned. It feels smoother and combat feels more dynamic and gives more options to the player. However, I feel the plot and the characters did not feel as solid as the first game. This is not saying the novel was bad, it deffinetly isn't but the ending seemed a little flat and the over all story was too complex, while the the first game's plot was simple, but it was the type of simple that made the game great, very much like the origonal Star Wars movies. The options with the charcters also seemed less personal and the focus was too much centered on the main protagonist. Additionally, I can not leave out mention of some of the buggs in the game such as items not working and the camera just freezing. Though not game breaking, they were frustrating, I won't hold it to the game too much though as I still had a blast, Just save lots.Overall, Kotor 2 is a VERY GOOD game that though the naretive is not as strong as the first it is still engaging and interesting. The controls and gameplay have been vastely improved making this an excelent RPG Space Opera game. Well worth Buying at full retail price!Score 8/10."
76561198100616632,Recommended,208580,19688467,"Posted: 13 December, 2015",all,elliotmartinlew,"Come for the nostalgia, stay for the mods! 10/10"
76561198087616632,Recommended,208580,19706178,"Posted: 14 December, 2015",all,trev or,"I've played a lot of Star Wars games, but KOTOR II is by far, the upmost BEST Star Wars game I've ever had the pleasure of playing. Everything and anything about it is amazing, being able to decide you're very own characters fate is a great experince. Wheter it's the Dark Side, Light side, or even a smuggler type person, you can do almost anything. The story is also incredible, It's almost like you can even imagine being in the world of KOTOR II. It is worth the money, it will give you hours and hours of entertainment and fun."
76561198054248731,Recommended,208580,19405132,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,Osama Bin Clubbin,This game just recieved workshop support. It is 10 years old and my favorite star wars RPG to date!!!! The story is the best I have ever experienced with deep and interesting characters and lots of backstory for star wars fans. GET IT.
76561198056841728,Recommended,208580,19402007,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,Commissar Baked Potatos,"Just ♥♥♥♥ing buy it already! You cheap hack, it's an interactive masterpiece that costs less then a cup of coffee!"
76561198049391229,Recommended,208580,19407301,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,Dev1ce,10/10 Always Great.
76561198121508553,Recommended,208580,19407396,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,Knight Percival,"It is a masterpiece. Just like the first KOTOR. Definetly worth the money. Maybe the story is not as good as the one of it's predecesor, but the improved gamplay as a whole pushes KOTOR 2 on the same level with the first one. The story is still amazing, the characters memorable, and even though it is an old game, I consider it better than pretty much 80% of today's nextgen titles. My opinion: Both KOTOR games are among the best (if not actually *the best*) of Star Wars games."
76561197994758466,Not Recommended,208580,19450803,"Posted: 2 December, 2015",all,BaBa,"Posting this review as a courtesy:I run Windows 7 Pro 64 bit and could NOT get the game to work.  Others can, I could not.  Use caution when buying.The game would freeze about 4 seconds into the loading screen.  Every. Single. Time.  Compatibility Mode made no difference.If there is a fix, I will gladly try again and change my review / recommendation."
,Not Recommended,208580,18220407,"Posted: 27 September, 2015",all,chrisl692002,stuck on xbox controls on keyboard
76561198222758616,Recommended,208580,15342550,"Posted: 13 April, 2015",all,Reib,This game needs a sequel!
,Recommended,208580,26826891,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Otter,"Honestly one of, if not the best, RPG of all time. And the main reason I say that is the story.Pros:-Story with loads of grey moral choices, not everything is black and white and your actions have consequences-Intersting and compelling characters-Your party changes based on your actions and words-See the Star Wars universe as never before, and never sinceCons:-The combat system is pretty dated and isn't all that fun-Lots of cut content (though large amounts can be modded back in)Basicly, if you havent played this game and you are looking for an RPG with a great story then pick this one up right away."
,Recommended,208580,26822872,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Panzerkampfwagen IV,"""...It is such a quiet thing - to fall. Far more terrible - is to admit it. """
,Recommended,208580,10032756,"Posted: 5 May, 2014",all,Darktracer,"STAR WARS®: Knights of the Old Republic™ II is an RPG that changes based on choices you make, similar to Mass Effect.  This game is set 5 years after the events of the first one and a few hundred years before the popular MMO ""The Old Republic"".  Other than a few issues that were cause because the game was rushed, it's a pretty damn good game.  The story is good and combat is just as good as the first if not better, the only bad thing I can think of is that the game was rushed and there is quite a few issues when it comes to glitching and crashing.  There was also a good number of unfinished♥♥♥♥♥♥that can't be accessed unless you download the Restored Content Mod.  Other than the occasional crash here and there it's a good game and well worth $9.99.  Just a warning the game does show it's age graphics wise, so don't expect any fancy graphics or cut-scenes."
,Recommended,208580,26843757,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Punished Jake from state farm,"Great game that still shines bright with great plot, interesting characters and storylines.Played it 4 or 5 time even before the restoration patche. Oh , the memories."
76561198063309337,Recommended,208580,26843775,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Nexus SI,"If you want a good story, very detailed and well written, you have chosen the right game.The graphics are dated (it's almost 12 years old at this point), but game still has one of the most captivating stories I ever played. And I do recommend taking HK47 in your party for the sarcastic comments.The only potential downside would be how much you have to explore the entire universe to get all the story, side-quests and items.I still hope they will make a KotOR 3 at some point...P.S.: If you liked this and don't mind the date graphics, you can also try Neverwinter Nights (about as old as KotOR)."
,Recommended,208580,26869924,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Kotsuumo,"Fun game that ive played through many times through the years, and the added steam achievements makes it worthwhile, yet again, darn you  :P Ive you know nothing of the series as a whole, shame on you."
76561198029903021,Recommended,208580,26852217,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Fruitless,"Quite simply, my favorite game I've ever played. 150+ hours on Xbox before purchasing on Steam.I can easily see 150 more in my future."
76561198126575712,Recommended,208580,27030673,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Ploop,the best star wars rpg ever (other than kotor 1)
,Recommended,208580,27026824,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Seaking,"Every bit as much fun as it was when I played it way back on the origina XBox, even if I had to get used to a new control scheme. The Workshop for it, while small, is definitely a plus.10/10 would blow up Peragus again."
,Recommended,208580,27037851,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,͇ ͇\̿ ̿torm∑agle,It might say I only have 3.8 hours on steam but I played the hell out of this game on Xbox and Xbox 360. I Just nominated this game for the Test of Time award. It's a great game and might be old but is still an amazing experience. If you are a Star Wars fan I would recommend that you play this if you haven't already.Even if you aren't into RPGs this game has a great Star Wars feel to it and has some brilliant level design. It really has stood the test of time.10/10 I will be playing it again soon.
,Recommended,208580,27040063,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,VXII,Never regreted buying this
76561198048445296,Recommended,208580,27041268,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Tim-The-Enchanter,"This game, 100/10 its just a good solid game for it's time, add 2-3 mods and its even better"
,Recommended,208580,26961164,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Clem Snide,Probably the only Star Wars property since the original trilogy to take Star Wars seriously.
,Recommended,208580,26961531,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Maniac=VX9=,Still a great game over a decade later.
76561197981429270,Recommended,208580,27052349,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,nwz,"Even though this game is over ten years old, it is still one of the best SW games around. If you like RPG's and SW franchise, i cannot recommend this game enough."
,Recommended,208580,27050495,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Krathalan,"Honestly one of the best games of all time, especially with the Sith Lords Restored Content Mod. Just unbelievable."
76561198017152516,Recommended,208580,26998101,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Bob,Great Game
,Recommended,208580,20567980,"Posted: 16 January, 2016",all,val,"What can I say that hasn't already been said? A great game that improved upon the first game in many ways, but stays very true to it and retains the feel. There are a few bugs that still haven't been ironed out by Restored Content mod, but im in the middle of my 3rd playthrough and haven't encountered anything that couldn't be fixed by a quick google search. The story feels very deep and intricate. It's not just straightforward good vs. evil like its prequel, but rather extremely multifaceted. Just about all the characters are fleshed out, interesting, and (most importantly in my opinion) viable. Any character can be very good with a little knowledge and work. My only real complaint are the points where you are forced to play as just one character without the support of the rest of your allies.  They are easily the most challengeing parts of the game, but unnecessairly so. Overall, it's a great game that anyone who enjoys RPGs should have in their library, no excuses."
,Recommended,208580,20049235,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,Splinter,"As a role-playing game,KotOR IIis unrefined, but as a piece ofStar Warsfiction, it is distinct from anything else in the franchise -- a deconstruction of the Force, a critique of the Jedi, a bold departure from traditionalStar Warsnarratives. Not everyone will appreciate the characters, and the story does fall apart at the end. Still, in spite of being an unpolished, unfinished game,KotOR IIis one of my favorites.Try it, and it may be one of yours as well."
76561198078927186,Recommended,208580,26996709,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,stzephyr,"Well its ""KotOR"" (2). Where is 3?"
,Recommended,208580,11010414,"Posted: 1 July, 2014",all,Soixante,"Eh, I dislike the fact that you dont get your lightsaber for a while but overall its a good game. 7/10"
,Recommended,208580,11040187,"Posted: 2 July, 2014",all,Dingus,Ehhh very nice
76561198136798395,Recommended,208580,11093282,"Posted: 5 July, 2014",all,DarthChance,"God damn this game is glitchy! I loved the first one, so I thought I'd give this one a shot. It takes a long time just for you to get your light saber and that causes this game to get frustrating. Most of the missions you are given are short but also very time consuming, without objective points this game forces players to actually explore the maps. I had fun with the RPG elements but occassionally the conversation was skipable. It does a good job of expanding the lore of Star Wars and I enjoy that, but wish this game was a little better. However, I got my money's worth. 7.5/10"
76561198038600742,Recommended,208580,11098732,"Posted: 6 July, 2014",all,Martin Mystery,"A few bugs are par for the course in any RPG, and the story and dialogue are some of the best in any game I've played. Worthwhile upgrade system and lots of replay-ability."
,Recommended,208580,7040231,"Posted: 27 February, 2013",all,"Cap'n McWeazel, Pirate at Sea","As the (rather rushed) sequel to Star Wars: Knights of the Old Republic, KOTOR II doesn't fall short of expectations. If you've played the first game and enjoyed it, chances are, you'll enjoy this."
,Recommended,208580,10890414,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,Equinox,"This game is an awesome game.Pros:-The story is marvolous.-The scripted events that happen are really cool and interesting.-Combat is pretty cool as you unleash amazing powers and such.-Characters Development is amazing as you find out who they are, what they did, and what they want to do.-Very cool levelling system and abilities.-The power of choice to go to the Light Side, or the Dark Side...-Very long game with well thought out level design and dialogue.-Due to the multiple endings and multiple actions you can do in each quest, the replay value is perfect.-Cool music that fits the theme.Cons:-Kind of confusing at first, may not know what certain things do.-The first level is ""Okay"" at first, but after you replay it, you wish to skip it as it becomes boring.-The game is either REALLY hard or REALLY easy, there is no medium.-If you want to go down a certain path but want to use the opposite powers, prepare for one hell of a challange.-Game can be glitchy at times.-Almost incompatible with Windows 7. This is the main problem. For some users you can only get to certain parts while some users can't even start the game. The same may be said for Windows 8. If you have Windows 7 or 8, you might as well not buy it. Patches may work to get you started, but will only take you so far until it freezes again. I havn't heard of one person with Windows 7 or 8 that beat this game.I played this game on the Xbox mostly, so I got to experiance it.Rating:Story - 9.5/10Gameplay - 9/10Character Quality - 10/10Stability for PC - 1-8.5/10 Depending on Operating System.Graphics - 9/10 (For it's time)Dialogue - 10/10Overall Rating - 9.5/10Conclusion: If you are not using a Windows 7 or 8, YOU SHOULD BUY THIS GAME! It is a fantastic game and easily worth the money. However, if you do use a Windows 7 or 8, do not buy it. It will crash on startup and if you patch that, it will crash at later parts. If you have an Xbox, buy it for that, if not, get an older computer that is able to run it. Otherwise, you are out of luck."
,Recommended,208580,10880321,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,Ilyane,Couple this game with the mods and improvements that restore content cut by Obsidian under pressure from LucasArts - and you get a masterpiece of a game. Apply a fix left and right to boost this baby to 1080p and prepare for an epic saga that will blurr the lines of right and wrong regarding Sith and Jedi.10/10 would Handmaiden again..
76561198052383953,Recommended,208580,12644720,"Posted: 26 October, 2014",all,BatshitTodd,
,Recommended,208580,12784513,"Posted: 4 November, 2014",all,criddlegakes,"The ultimate ""in-between"" game. Being so similar to the original, it's hard not to recommend, but as a sequel, it is ultimately a disappointment.The introduction of influence, prestige classes and a new weapon upgrade system is cool, although as the game is so similar to the first one, use of the workbench is minimal at most anyway. The locations are uninteresting compared to the original, and the story nowhere near as compelling, although the final boss fight is much harder.Despite its flaws, being an imitation of the original gives it credence for a playthrough, although with so many possible party members, it's hard to see why one would play through as a different class.As a standalone game, I would recommend it to those who have not played the original. To those who have, I'd say not to bother, as it doesn't offer enough to bother. The story in the original is better, so why not a second playthrough?Again, the ultimate ""we need an in-between option"" game."
,Recommended,208580,958335,"Posted: 14 January, 2013",all,Daxeth,Yes.
76561197991756851,Recommended,208580,7700763,"Posted: 19 November, 2013",all,-WMC- Mercutian,Best damn Star Wars game of all time!!
76561198066772237,Recommended,208580,11281835,"Posted: 16 July, 2014",all,Twangurdead,"Much better than KOTOR. better selection of feats and your choices can/will affect your party members alignment and even party members available. Very high replay value, very fun"
76561198066333644,Recommended,208580,11546480,"Posted: 4 August, 2014",all,scoop,"undoubtly one of THE BEST RPG´s, if not one of the best PC Games I have yet to play. I don´t knowif it counts for a lot but I have been playing games for more than 20 years now and these kind of games are unique. here are my main points1.  the story is so well written that you wish, modern movie makers would play it to learn a thing or two. great twists and turns and never too straight forward.2. the character customization may be limited when it comes to actual looks, but items, weapons and accessoires are plentiful and often change the total look. switching inventory items, upgrading them and tinkering with your equipment is just fun an makes it really worthwhile.3. the dialogues... oh man. the great story is just delivered through great dialogues and a lot of movie-like cutscenes. the characters are so well written its almost more fun to watch them act their stuff out rather than doing stuff on your own.overall really worth the time and money spent.addendum: I advice anyone interested in a great roleplaying adventure to try it out. if you do, also download the fan-made lost content addon. just google it. it restores a lot of content and stuff that didn´t make it in the original release and fixes a lot of bugs and quest glitches.may the force be with you. it clearly was with obsidian making this great game"
76561198061330982,Recommended,208580,11483152,"Posted: 30 July, 2014",all,PasteyBananaz,KOTOR is the one of the BEST and most orginal star wars games in the franchise. The sith lords just threw it higher on the ranks. RECCOMEND FOR ALL FANS
,Recommended,208580,21235426,"Posted: 15 February, 2016",all,Moonman,"In my honest opinion it's not as good as the first one, but still ♥♥♥♥ing great and worth playing. One single protip, talk with Kreia. Alot. She'll unlock cool♥♥♥♥♥♥just by talking to her, be it on the Ebon Hawk or on the battlefield.The Restored Content mod wasn't needed that much in the first KOTOR, here it's a must. Just download it from the workshop.The combat is also way easier here, you can't screw up with feats or stats like you could in the first KOTOR, thanks to tons of buffs and other stuff you'll always be obliterating your enemies. The twist is great, though it was so obvious it hurt my head.Also, it has Atton ""Carth Wannabe"" von ""Pure Pazaak"" Rand.Also HK-47 is back, that should be enough to convince you....And then SWTOR happened.We don't talk about THAT."
76561198208536492,Recommended,208580,21214568,"Posted: 14 February, 2016",all,Butterbob,MAKE A THIRD KOTOR!!!
76561198132812456,Recommended,208580,21264032,"Posted: 16 February, 2016",all,Captanegan,Really ♥♥♥♥ing good.
,Recommended,208580,21341829,"Posted: 20 February, 2016",all,Autistic Kid,"GAMEPLAY 8/10+New feats and powers!+Fully light side of fully dark side gives you an attribute boost depending on your character class.+Turn-based combat style.+New fighting moves.--It's the same type of gameplay as KOTOR I.SOUNDTRACK 9/10++Masterpiece! Different from the first installment, more calm and mysterious.+Cachy, I like that.IN-GAME SOUNDS 9/10+When going to Korriban the background noises makes it really scary, I like that. It makes you more awake.+Background noice on every single planet and ships are perfect!+Voice Acting is good. Kreia is really a mysterious woman I might say.STORY 7/10 AND 9/10 (TSLRCM)+Play this game with the restored content mod and it's one of the best games you'll ever play.+Side missions are long, some of them. I recommend finishing every mission in a planet before going to the next one.-The original version is unfinished, not their fault, but I didn't enjoy it that much without TSLRCM.GRAPHICS 7/10+Still pretty good for a 2005 game.-Same textures as KOTOR I, not much of an improvement.OVERALL RATING - 8/10 TSL - 8.4/10 TSLRCMI enjoyed the game a lot! Though I recommend playing it with the restored content mod!"
76561198254208574,Recommended,208580,21331635,"Posted: 19 February, 2016",all,Jilli Sama,If you played the first one it's refreshing break. But if you didn't don't worry. It has nothing to do with it! Still awesome.
76561198203030217,Recommended,208580,21540104,"Posted: 28 February, 2016",all,santini1996,"Classic amazing game, restored contect mod is a must!"
76561198210052576,Recommended,208580,21570354,"Posted: 1 March, 2016",all,Replicant,"One of the classic games of the 2000s... Enjoyable play, fascinating story, great characters and more. If you are a fan of rp games or SW I strongly recommend this game to you."
76561198171862606,Recommended,208580,21568361,"Posted: 1 March, 2016",all,Rvlion,"The non-steam version of the game use to be very good... Years ago I could play that game relatively game-breaking bug free.Due to circumstances I was forced to buy the steam version only recently. This version is so very bugged, with random crashes... Unresponsive buttons... after prolonged playing all conversations with NPC's dont work properly and last but not least when trying to start the game being forced to use CTL-ALT-DEL to stop the game which after launch does not appear to be loading.But other then all these annoying bugs and having added a mod which is supposed to give some of the cut content back the game is still good old KOTOR 2, not by far as good as KOTOR 1. But it comes close.Despite the problems I still recommend this game,"
76561198287005981,Recommended,208580,21576953,"Posted: 1 March, 2016",all,N7SF President  KnightSage2021,"i love kotor 2 the story was interesting and i like the fact that you can be a jedi or a sith i highly recommend this game if you are a star wars fan because of moments like getting your lightsaber to exploring planets and flying in your own space ship, even if you have never scene a star wars movie you will find it hard not to enjoy this game"
,Recommended,208580,21447549,"Posted: 25 February, 2016",all,Jokoro,"As if the nostalgia alone wasn't enough to play through it again, the restored content mod adds all the awesome stuff that was left on Obsidian's cutting room floor. Definitely recommend revisiting this gem."
76561198013542927,Recommended,208580,21475816,"Posted: 26 February, 2016",all,Satyros,if you like star wars and don't have this game you should rething your priorities...
76561197981255486,Recommended,208580,21438911,"Posted: 24 February, 2016",all,Coro,"I only recommend this game to play if only once.It was cut and paste from the first kotor, only with less places to explore. The story is extreemly intriguing and it keeps you wondering about and questioning your allies. That being said, the ending is so anti climatic that it overshadows the intense and fun journy. In the end, the game makes you feel like you've missed something, that the story isn't done... But it is.Conclusion: if you've played the awsome game kotor 1 then you should play kotor 2AOID EVER PLAYING THAT HORRIBLE MMO GAME! it is the worst star wars game on this planet and should be sent to a galaxy far far away..."
,Recommended,208580,21431435,"Posted: 24 February, 2016",all,James 'Mack' Howlett,"Big Time! With the restored content and all the mods, this game is still awesome to play, dont mind the graphics pleps"
,Recommended,208580,21425617,"Posted: 24 February, 2016",all,rodrikes,A must-play for every star wars fan. make sure to use the SW KOTOR II Restored Content Mod!It's sad that disney made this game (and all other Star Wars games) non-canon.
,Recommended,208580,21452659,"Posted: 25 February, 2016",all,Andrea mendes,Really fun
76561198200770703,Recommended,208580,21689570,"Posted: 7 March, 2016",all,truthforever1333,"After all these years it is one of the best games I have ever played, surprisly it is better to play on a computer than a console with a controller, only down side is you cannot complete a couple side quests."
76561198006471893,Recommended,208580,21735168,"Posted: 9 March, 2016",all,FusBahnta,"There isn't too much to be said other than it's one of the best RPG gameplays ever created, remastered, made compatible with Linux with high res textures.Strongly recommended!"
,Recommended,208580,21372185,"Posted: 21 February, 2016",all,B-Pep,One of the best games ever created. Completed the game over 30 times in my youth on original Xbox.
76561198094524237,Recommended,208580,21389672,"Posted: 22 February, 2016",all,Desion,"As a long time star wars fan I found this game to be freakin awesome, in some ways better than the first but in other way not as good, the story was better, the companions were awesome, just wish there were mor planets to do..."
76561198138851189,Recommended,208580,21674185,"Posted: 6 March, 2016",all,heathersda0311,this game is over 10 years old and still great fun to play
76561198009245819,Recommended,208580,27122794,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,bizz453,Kicks butt and takes names.
,Recommended,208580,26972077,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,"Columbine, Colorado",Very very very good sequel to the original KOTOR. Would recommend.
,Recommended,208580,26974831,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,MUNDAMADZO,"One of the best SW games!Great ambiance, great characters, great storyline.Must-play for any SW fan!"
76561198026936308,Recommended,208580,27010449,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Rothak,Good old star wars
,Recommended,208580,27014276,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Soxman,"My favorite game of all time. Period.It's Star Wars, but so much more. Life. Death. The Force. The GalaxyThe protagonist is a broken war veteran with a tenuous and mysterious connection to the force. The last of the Jedi... by the most liberal use of the term. And hunting by the Sith. A powerful triumvrrate representing the various themes that have always been the reason why the Sith Triumph.For a while, this game was infamously broken, based on the cut content, the technical flaws, and the missing ending. It was still my favorite game before the restoration mod was complete. I reccomend this game wholeheartedly to all."
76561198058430317,Recommended,208580,27016638,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,joseph.machorro,"One of the true great RPG's.  I'll keep it short and simple.  KotoR II is a fantastic RPG wrapped up in Star Wars lore.  It really does have it all.  Great characters? Check. Great story? Check. Great sound effects?  Check. Enough humor and interesting events to forget about Ewoks and Jar-Jar (alright, the Ewoks weren't so bad)?  Check.  You're rewarded throughout the story with upgrades and equipment that come at a great pace that really help you feel as you are progressing through the story.  You'll start off just the same as in most RPG's.  Poor, and owning only the clothes on your back.  But as you go on, you'll quickly begin to obtain better weapons, ships, party members, etc.  It plays like a movie/action game that keeps the game feeling fresh, even after all these long years since its original release.  And that's the great part about this game.  While the graphics don't hold up very well against todays standards (they are still pretty snazzy though), the story and gameplay do.  For those people familiar with the Mass Effect trilogy, you'll instantly recognize the ""good vs evil"" dialog choices, and even the turn based fighting.   For those of you out there who were to young to play this game when it came out, don't be afraid to give this game a try.  So long as you don't mind playing an older game, you're in for 50 hours+ of great gameplay."
76561198042484767,Recommended,208580,27020670,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Tennix,"If you haven't already, do yourself a favor and buy this game. Get the restored content mod and enjoy. Especially reccomended if you've only played the first, or just enjoy Star Wars in general.11/10 Would dark side again"
,Recommended,208580,27020229,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,LobsterJohnson,An absolute classic.  First game that really made your decisions feel like they had an impact.
76561198006867846,Recommended,208580,26883675,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Glaz,"This is a game which is perfect for me. Ten years passed and I still enjoy it. Beautiful world filled with interesting NPCs, great dialogs, stunning music and things difficult to express. The story is addictive. That game is a masterpiece."
,Recommended,208580,26884444,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,MercuryAdept,Amazing game. Glad they added Linux support.
,Recommended,208580,26047268,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,489Herobrine,"Fantastic game, worth every penny"
,Recommended,208580,26803051,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Grunt,Buy it and get the Restored Content Mod from the Workshop.
76561198004606157,Recommended,208580,26803405,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,devil_rubens,"Best Bugged Game ever (next to VtmB). Used to play this before steam, still have original cds, when i saw it on steam it was instant buy. Despite the age still one of best rpgs and one of best Star Wars games. As far as i know original game was rushed and didnt have all the content it sopose to have but few mods can fix that. Also it's well known that its/was bugged but i either never experienced it or didn't care."
76561198088644393,Recommended,208580,28011990,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,amduncan89,Best. Game. Ever.
76561198030767457,Recommended,208580,28003874,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,DemoGuad,"Best Starwars game out there. the plot is good and better with the mods, and the crafting system is so addicting to min max. love it!"
76561198008227946,Recommended,208580,28005573,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Jen'jidai,"I originally got this game when I was a kid for christmas, grandma had got me and my brothers an original xbox and earlier in the day I got this game from my dad, I was so confused until we got to grandma's.  This game was the first game i pulled all nighters playing, the gameplay and the story are all so enticing, Obsidian did a fantastic job with this game but unfortunately content was cut but you can restore some of it.   The gameplay is not for everyone it is somewhat turn based and works on a roll sytem."
76561198044443866,Recommended,208580,28004775,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,JarvisBobblehead,"Knights of the Old Republic II is by far the best adventure RPG game on the market over the last almost 12 years. I have easily played the game 5 or 6 times through and each time has been a diferent experience. This game has stood the test of time and should be not only nominated but win the Steam award for such. If you´re a fan of starwars and would like to know more about the expanded universe, or if you´re just a fan of good ol´ adventures where each decision changes the course of action and path you take then this game is a MUST PLAY. Easy 10/10. I look forward to another game similar to this at some point."
76561198237724852,Recommended,208580,28005001,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Gordon Gekko,"Definitely the greatest Star Wars game, by far. Amazing story, interesting characters and RPG elements that are hands down THE BEST. This game was a part of my childhood, and I played it on console for countless hours. It's got some age, but The Sith Lords is still a very much playable and enjoyable game."
76561198012954454,Recommended,208580,28008587,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Eureco,If you are looking for a good game with an excellent story then this is a game for you! The graphics are a little bit outdated but the story and gameplay are really good.
76561198006617089,Recommended,208580,28008629,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Jason,"A game that truly stands the test of time. I never thought anything could top the smash hit that was Knights of the Old Republic, but I was wrong. The Sith Lords takes everything good about the first game and improves upon it. Some of the biggest would be the ability to use force powers from the start of the game. It was my one and only gripe in the first one. Having to spend those first few hours fighting through Taris before finally able to reach the Jedi and learn the ways of the force again. Not this time around. Right off the bat you are the wielder of the Force, able to act as a guardian of the galaxy, or in my case...the destroyer. Another huge improvement is the ability to actually influence your companions and sway them to your line of reasoning. Unlike in the first game where certain companions had to be killed off depending on choices made, this time around you can corrupt or enlighten everyone. Nothing brings out the inner Sith Lord in me more then being able to show my followers the true meaning of the power of the dark side of the force. That is not to say this game does not have bugs and glitches, as it most assuredly does. It was released in a pretty unfinished state with a lot of content cut out. But even with all that, the fact that it's still a game I could never stop playing shows just how great it was. Plus with the restoration mod the game returns to the full glory it was meant to be.To stop babbling like and idiot and wrap this up before I bore anyone to tears. Let me just say that if you enjoyed the first game, love star wars, or just want to unleash your inner sith lord...or weak jedi scum. Then buy this game and travel to a galaxy far, far away."
,Recommended,208580,28002396,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,A Large Walrus,"This game is absolutely beautiful, WITH THE RESTORED CONTENT MOD. Without the restored content, this game can feel unfinished (because it was), but with the mod, this is absolutely the best Star Wars story ever written into a video game. I recommend this game to any Star Wars fan; just make sure you get the restored content from the workshop!"
,Recommended,208580,28078685,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,Talve,I will never forget this game.
76561198117780196,Recommended,208580,28112531,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,D71BBL3,Excellent game with PLENTY of hours of game play... not the best looking but more than makes up for it in game play
76561198308505596,Recommended,208580,28101685,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,Josephjordan2020,Good game and I recamen the restore content mod in the steam workshop
76561198070113262,Recommended,208580,28018807,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Emperor Lex,"A very in-depth deconstruction of the Star Wars universe- with one large caveat. If you don't want the game to end abruptly or be plagued by a slew of glitches, you need to download the restored content mod."
,Recommended,208580,28017438,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,PsyЯen,I cried in shame when Kreia told me I had failed her
76561198017703904,Recommended,208580,28021582,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,My Pills are Gazebos,This is still one of the greatest RPGs ever created despite not being finished. You would enjoy this game without being a Star Wars fan and I couldn't recommend it enough.
,Not Recommended,208580,20433472,"Posted: 9 January, 2016",all,daftalchemist,"I kept hoping I'd get as interested in this game as I did with the first one, but after 24 hours of gameplay, most of which were spent forcing myself to sit through character dialogue and story hints that I quite honestly just didn't even care to learn about, I'm calling it quits. the story is... I don't even know, but whatever it is, it's not engaging or interesting, and the characters, while not terrible, feel much the same way. at first I thought it was cool to have to learn about their hidden pasts, until the third time I had to sit through foreshadowing about some ""twist"" secret each of them have, and I got bored. the writing feels stale. I feel like I spend most of the game defending myself against the same accusations and asking the same questions only to get slightly different answers each time. and the worst part is that there's nothing at all that makes you feel connected to your character. there's no bonding period where you learn the character's story and history, you just get it dumped into your lap so quickly that it honestly felt like I had somehow skipped a huge portion of the game to feel so lost.the gameplay isn't bad, but there are bugs. nothing I couldn't fix with a bit of googling for the solutions, but it's just a little insult to injury after everything else."
,Recommended,208580,28056760,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,Q & T,Still the greatest Star Wars RPG of all time. Accept no substitutes.
,Recommended,208580,28069840,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,Communist Cookie,"This game is definitely worth your money if you like a good star wars game with an amazing story. Bought is for 2,49 and I have 30+ hours of play time, you don't get that much worth for your money nowadays."
,Recommended,208580,28043196,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,PrincessKenny,It's that type of a game where you find yourself playing it today and finish it in one batch!
76561198080693729,Recommended,208580,17205743,"Posted: 24 July, 2015",all,Maj. Hochstetter,"This is a re-review of this game. I upgraded my computer and some devs or moderators helped me fix my problems so kudos to them.This game when I played a long time ago on the Xbox was confusing and felt incomplete. With the Cut Content mod it fixed about 90% of the old problems and honestly this game is better than the original Knights of the Old Republic. It improves everything from combat, party memebers, and items. I like the new combat system and different lightsaber and force forms it really adds something to combat. I also like that ranged or blaster wielding NPCs when they verse lightsaber opponents are not helpless and can do some damage. The fact as well that Jedi and Sith aren't as numerous until the end of the game feels right in the game, you just fight many blaster wielding foes which fits with the lore and background of the game. But the biggest complement I give to this game is the lack of a romance in the game, but the focus on your party members interacting with you. With no romance you can really spread your attention and not just focus on one or two members. I remember not talking to many of the crew from the first game and just reallly focusing on Bastila. Now I talk to almost all of the crew and learn more about them and their ways. And the game rewards you with stat boosts or bonuses when you do this.I gave a negative review about this game about this game and in hindsight it was unjust. Now I say if you like the KOTOR and you felt like it needed an update KOTOR:TSL is the answer."
76561198028465054,Recommended,208580,20207917,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,BrazilianFartPorn,This game is better than eating dorritos and drinking mountain dew.
,Recommended,208580,21352398,"Posted: 20 February, 2016",all,windsroad,"For an over decade old, buggy and incomplete game, Kotor II really holds up! And that's without nostalgia, because I'd never heard of the game before. I definitely recommend the restored content patch though, even if it (probably) did cause me to get the wrong achievement for the end of the game."
,Recommended,208580,21354194,"Posted: 20 February, 2016",all,Pankac3,BEST STARWARS GAME!
,Recommended,208580,21327217,"Posted: 19 February, 2016",all,DevDesigner,"Dont think, just buy and play."
76561198236361146,Recommended,208580,21320666,"Posted: 19 February, 2016",all,TrippyPanda,"IF you like star wars, played mass effect. Don't think, just press the click over the buy option right now.I spent over 50 hours in this game and i still want more! its that good!"
76561198207335552,Recommended,208580,21611519,"Posted: 3 March, 2016",all,greenwoodkelton,"for a game that was realeased in 2005 , it was far more exciting than playing star wars battlefront that was realeased recently."
,Recommended,208580,14640080,"Posted: 24 February, 2015",all,Saron,"'The Sith Lords' offers in surface all we may expect from a Star Wars game, the beloved mythology, archetypes, narrative core, the space cowboys and pet like astrodroidsBut under the common sight of it all lies a subtle intrusion of grey shades in this universe composed of pieces of black and white.A journey awaits our new hero across a galaxy enduring the considerable aftermath of the galactic war taking place in the previous installment of the series. The canon ending of the first episode figuratively being the victory of Good over Evil, had a classic fairy tale implication.""And they lived happy ever after.""Exiled, wounded, broken, twisted.""Or did they?""The new hopes victory held faded to let naked the deep, ever lasting echo of the screams of horror.""Malachor...""A journey for the mind.A work of art."
,Recommended,208580,21517589,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,LightfalI,"either made or published by obsidian,either waygreat gameworth the 10$"
,Recommended,208580,21517606,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,disorder,"Very similar to the original. Storyline moves a bit slow, but overall if you like the original, you'll like this one."
,Recommended,208580,21517816,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,Crankium,Something Something Meatbag
,Recommended,208580,26607742,"Posted: 14 November, 2016",all,Rugged Revelation,"The sequel to one of my favorite games and a great one at that. Despite being a very old game it is still very close to my heart so I write this review. KotOR 1 had compelling narrative and story as well as a pretty decent battle system. KotOR 2 improved on the battle system while still having its ""RPG feel"" to it. While the battle system is improved what I loved the most was the story in this game. I highly recommend playing the first game before this one if you want to know the full story, but they're both worth the price. Now with achievements out this last couple years and mods on the steam workshop, it is definitely worth getting into now."
76561198271580159,Recommended,208580,26694442,"Posted: 19 November, 2016",all,Heartburn52,With the restored content mod it is now easily my new favorite game
76561198255269539,Recommended,208580,26750535,"Posted: 22 November, 2016",all,THExLEGENDx51,"An interesting and still amazing sequel to the amazing KOTOR. Not going to give away any spoilers but you dont play the same character as in the first one, but it does continue the aftermath of the first one. They improved the mechanics a little, graphics, etc. Still one of the best games i ever played. i usually play this game about twice a year every year. Youd be a fool not to play the first KOTOR, and youd be a fool not to play this second one. Get it.... go on... ill wait.... just buy the game dude."
,Recommended,208580,26721184,"Posted: 20 November, 2016",all,boyo @csgoscam.com,"This game is a pretty good sequel to possibly the best LucasArts game since Monkey Island. In terms of gameplay and story I'd give it a solid 7.5 out of 10, (the 2.5 is simplynot being Revan, but being another less important character in the universe.)  The first game put you into this role of just another republic trooper, not really powerful enough to do anything for the greater good, (akin to the Star Wars movies) but this time you are just another... trooper who conveniently lost his memory and slowly rehabilitated his force abillities to take down the evil person who can destroy planets...At least it was fun. LucasArts/Aspyr managed to pull of the first game but in a way improved it, yet that also made it worse. In terms of technical shizz i'd give it a 9/10 (for it's time.) Man, 2004 was a really good year for video games, Half life 2, GTA: SA, Halo 2, CS: Source, Star Wars Battlefront, I could go on... TL;DR Great game, if you didn't play the first, you may find a little of it confusing, but what game doesn't talk exposition at you anyway?I'M TALKING TO YOU, DESTINY..."
76561198007783672,Recommended,208580,26719006,"Posted: 20 November, 2016",all,saucepaws,"This is the best RPG game of all time, if you've never played this you are missing out!!"
,Recommended,208580,26865591,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Vicinity,"Best game ever. Great story, fun gameplay and many features that newer games really lack. A game that has lasted a decade and still really good."
,Recommended,208580,26866904,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,the_mr_Tree,"One of the darkest games I've ever played, and one of the best. Avoid it if you get bored by long conversations in games and just like action but otherwise, download yourself the restored content mod and play it!Also probably play the original first."
,Recommended,208580,26867248,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,SeriousBug,"A surprisingly fun RPG. I enjoyed it a lot despite not actually being a fan of Star Wars. It is still fun to play, despite being an old game."
,Recommended,208580,26877899,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Ekrem K.,Great scenario with amazing game dynamics. Despite all bugs still the best Star Wars game ever.
76561197989723634,Recommended,208580,26896185,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Smith1818,One of the Best RPG's you can play.
,Recommended,208580,26895064,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Cannamancer,Game is legendary. Hours of replayable fun to be had here. Hands down the best Star Wars RPG.
76561198097879045,Recommended,208580,26902273,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,DNM,One of the BEST SW games ever if its not the BEST...simply a great RPG im really glad they updated it since 2005 this game really worth any cent
,Recommended,208580,26889462,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,r4diance,a rare example of second game improving the strengths of the series and providing positive experience
76561198204879261,Recommended,208580,23695364,"Posted: 21 June, 2016",all,NoIdeasForUsername123,"One of the best games i've ever played. With an amazing story and one of the best characters i have ever seen (Kreia), KoTOR 2 is an amazing deconstruction of the SW universe, questioning the aspects of both Sith and Jedi and their binary moralities. I highly recommended this game for everyone, even if time constraints led up to a uncompleted game.If you want to play it, i'd highly recommend the TSL Restored Content mod, as it restores some of the cut content that Obsidian was not able to implement.9/10"
76561198346913728,Recommended,208580,26921679,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,tkboohoo17,"This game has held up over the years and needs to win the test of time steam award, so get out there and vote, Knights of the Old Republic Two 2016!"
76561198116076252,Recommended,208580,26837976,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,BiggsDee,"Star Wars Knights of the Old Republic 2 has great gameplay, terrific writing, amazing characters, mods, and great replayability."
,Recommended,208580,2834800,"Posted: 10 March, 2013",all,AVtom,Obsidian > Bioware. :D
76561198256722720,Recommended,208580,23709573,"Posted: 22 June, 2016",all,S9y,"A Rodian wouldn't let him in a room to the Exchange, so I threatened him. He didn't want to open it, so I killed him. Then they hired more Rodians. He didn't let me in eitherMe: You know what happened to the last guy who didn't let me in.Rodian:....No?Me: You got his job.Killed that Rodian. Another one was hired killed him.For some reason they stopped hiring. I got into there and killed everyone in the room. No Exchange is putting a bounty on MY head!"
76561198273995427,Recommended,208580,23697257,"Posted: 21 June, 2016",all,garrykroshko,awesome game. wish there was kotor 3
76561198032165334,Recommended,208580,17626856,"Posted: 20 August, 2015",all,Its Just a Flesh Wound,Loved it
,Recommended,208580,24094722,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,Solrac,"A fine game, it's a sequel to the acclaimed game, it is better in many ways. as well as complete if you install TSLRCM which includes all the work the devs put in the game but regrettably never had the time to put on."
,Recommended,208580,24091191,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,archdemoncthulhu,"If you like the first, you'll like this one.  Just avoid the gamebreaking bugs OR use the Steam workshop to get fixes.  The addition of steam workshop adds a lot of value to an already great game.  The ending is a bit incomplete, but it's not a cliffhanger or disaster by any measure.  This is pretty contemplative by Star Wars standards too.  Very strong characters and if you like the concept of the Force you'll love a lot of the dialog.  Holds up well in spite of the bugs."
76561198054905884,Recommended,208580,24037072,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,InitialOddj0b,"Going into this game my expectations were not very high. Years of criticism made this game seem merely a shadow of what Bioware was able to accomplish with with the first Knights of the Old Republic. What I had played on Xbox confirmed that this was a game clearly rushed to reach an early release date.Now, a little over 10 years later, came a PC port of the game and with it the full support of the Steam Workshop. Beforehand, I had heard of a Restored Content mod that brought many lines of dialogue and portions of the game that had been unused due to the rushed release. Curious, and hoping that there was more to the game than the buggy mess that was released on Xbox, I bought the game and immediately downloaded the Restored Content mod to see what Knights of the Old Republic II truly had to offer.It fills my heart with joy to say that this PC port of the game was the greatest thing to happen to this game. Many faithful fans have worked to fix the issues that have existed on the Xbox and were able to program much of the cut content back into the game. This kind of support has greatly changed my opinion of this game since I first played it on the Xbox years ago.With the combination of the Restored Content mod, what was once a good game that had been plagued with issues has turned into a game that Obsidian can proudly show along with its predecessor as one of the greatest RPG's of all time."
,Recommended,208580,24019903,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,Arid,heythats pretty good..
76561198136715509,Recommended,208580,23993772,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,✪ J0NTJ0NT,"It's an awesome game, even better than KoTOR 1.But you should really only play it with the restored content modification.It makes it so much better."
76561198103253299,Recommended,208580,23976505,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,thescantlycladlobster,"I originally got this game in 2005 and acually quite enjoyed it even though I hadn't really understood the story all that well due to a lack of both context from the first game and(kinda cheating) with the revelations that TOR brought with it. Time has actually been well to this game. The story and characters still hold up really well and the sound and music are in my opinion pretty good. Graphics never were this game's strong point even though it is an old game but the thing that actually has made this game pretty much infinitely better is what the modding community has accomplished. If you have never played this before i suggest you beat it just vanilla like then go and download the restored content mod. I had beaten this game probably a dozen times without and now after beating it with the intended content restored it really is almost a light and day difference in some aspects. Entire quests and areas have been changed to be what they were originally designed for instead of what had to be cut to make the really short development time.A example of a small but nonetheless huge difference is that the HK subplot is finally both fully in the game and restored to allow its proper conclusion which always made any mention of it when talking to HK-47 and when later in the final(ish) hours of the story when that quest should have started always felt like something big had been cut. Tons of content and items have been restored and an entire other planet has been restored as best as possible but has to be downloaded seperately. Now still to say the game is perfect is well impossible as it isn't but alone without mods the game is a good but rushed feeling sequel. But add in what was going to be in the game originally and it turns into a genuine great game that, yes will crash every once and awhile, but ultimately gives players both new to the game and old that have finished the journey an almost new feel to an old game."
,Recommended,208580,30809783,Posted: 29 March,all,Mr. Pinchies,"Yes, the force is strong with this one."
76561198103625042,Recommended,208580,23970532,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,Infanitedespair,This game is Amazing totally worth 20 bucks easy but i only payed 10 :p
,Recommended,208580,23892787,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,Asivutastic,"Loving it, great purchase."
,Recommended,208580,23882647,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,DemonEmpress,I fell in love
,Recommended,208580,23935296,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,SkullBoss,"This, along with the original KOTOR (Which you should absolutely play first) are some of the best RPGs ever created. It has many gameplay improvements over the original and there is a darker story, which thankfully never gets too edgy. The villain of this game is more compelling than the original's Malak for sure, but I feel the main player character is a bit weaker. Then again, topping the original is really a hard task in that regard. I would heavily reccomend this to fans of the original. And to people who haven't played the original, I would reccomend that."
,Recommended,208580,23900486,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,Vloshko,"The Greatest Star Wars game of all time. It keeps with the original canon. That's it, saying anything else might butcher the sheer amazeballs goodness of this wonderful game. Thank goodness they are soon coming out with a version of it on the Unreal Engine. Free to those who already own this game."
,Recommended,208580,23842868,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,Thomasmalibu,"loved this game when i had it on the original xbox and that was the reason for me repurchasing it, its awesome. still got tons of things to do on this game. buy it its a brilliant star wars game"
76561198031446579,Recommended,208580,22620750,"Posted: 24 April, 2016",all,Man Bear Pig,"Great Game! But does anyone know how i can download the original version of this game before all the mass updates? i know they have it somewhere on steam, but i cant find it."
,Recommended,208580,30768720,Posted: 27 March,all,Felix,One of the best RPG games of all time.
,Recommended,208580,22918728,"Posted: 11 May, 2016",all,Rocket-Boss-Ryno,"Definitely an awesome Star Wars RPG game, but getting the restored content mod is a must, though that's easily downloaded from the Steam Workshop, the start up window even directs you to it. This game really makes you feel like you're on this journey with your party members and everything you do feels like it shapes you and them. It is also a much darker and more complex take on the Star Wars universe that I haven't really seen done anywhere else. The only real complaint is one I had with the first one, you can inadvertently cut off your ability to complete certain sidequests and interactions, but thankfully, we live in an age where internet guides are everywhere so figuring things out isn't too hard if you can put the research in. If you're a Star Wars fan, this game is a must have and prepare for it to eat up your time like a starving rancor, but you won't regret a minute of it. For gamers just looking for a cool RPG experience in an interesting world, I'd say that it's still extremely enjoyable."
,Recommended,208580,22921926,"Posted: 11 May, 2016",all,Klokateer1986,"Screw Disney, this series is still cannon as far as I'm concerned. KOTOR III WHEN??"
,Recommended,208580,22922407,"Posted: 11 May, 2016",all,Isao,"Kotor 2 has the one of the, if not the, best writng I have ever witnessed in a game. On top of that, the story is captivating and deep, and will leave you hanging until the very end. It is extremely open to replay, as you will miss many details of the story and the lives of your companions on your first playthrough. If you liked Kotor 1, you will be amazed by how much better Kotor 2 is."
76561197999260137,Recommended,208580,22652268,"Posted: 26 April, 2016",all,PoogleSquiff,Yes. That is all
,Recommended,208580,22721709,"Posted: 30 April, 2016",all,tinchy,"52 hours well spent.You play as an exile of the jedi council, you the player choose your own fate and allightment, not for you but your companions.I especially like this game because it starts you off as a grey character not good or bad but on the blured boundary of good and bad and I like this because it lets me take my time in choosing my allignment (good or bad) instead of choosing your characters at the start like Star wars the Old Republic.You start off with a case of amnesia, you find out that you were in the Mandalorian Wars and joined the Dark jedi Revan and Malak (from kotor 1 ) defying the Jedi council and this is what gets you to be exiled by the Jedi council and your ties to the force to be severednot bothered to write anymore but you get the point its a good game :p"
,Recommended,208580,20936563,"Posted: 3 February, 2016",all,AlmostToast,9/10
76561198058268015,Recommended,208580,7569221,"Posted: 4 November, 2013",all,doomlord81,"An oldie but a goodie. *note* get the complete restoration mod and the driod planet mod to fully enjoy this great star war epic tale of betrayal.Pros: great voice acting for characters that speak basic(english), fun gameplay, still looks good for such an old game, good replayability, great music. Every choice matters in a small way. Right amount of difficulty. Cheap, can spend a lot of time completing everything including side quest s, mini games, and main story. Be evil, good, or somewhere in betweenCons:  glitches, and the base game is not finished, so you'll need to download a few nods to get the best experience. Alien voices can get annoying."
,Recommended,208580,20884123,"Posted: 31 January, 2016",all,UngodlyCaterpie,"Easily one of the best Starwars games on Steam, fun gameplay and pretty cheap. the only complaint i have is the game is very linear and once you beat it your only option is to really start a new game."
76561198060962273,Not Recommended,208580,20924000,"Posted: 2 February, 2016",all,safetyanderson,If they would fix this game to work in stead of the mouse not being able to click and crashing half the time if you go between planets it would be great.
,Recommended,208580,20883389,"Posted: 31 January, 2016",all,orly365,"Great game, even for as old as it is! Highly recommend if you're like me and grew up dedicating hours to Kotor I and Kotor II. I love that it has Xbox360 controller suppport and Workshop mods. I do have some problems with the characters getting stuck after combat, in which I have to open and close the in-game menu to be able to move again. There are some other misc. bugs, but nothing that makes this game unplayable. My only wish for this game is for the graphics to be remastered, as I don't think they've changed since the game's release. Again, great game to play, in-depth story, lightsabers, Jedi, Sith, force powers...everything you might want out of a Star Wars game."
76561198041775159,Recommended,208580,7652393,"Posted: 13 November, 2013",all,OoohLights,KOTOR 1 and 2 are arguably the best Star Wars games ever made. I'm just sitting here waiting for an HD remake!
76561197999927766,Not Recommended,208580,20625577,"Posted: 19 January, 2016",all,CrowsBeforeHoes,Terrible graphics made this impossible to enjoy.You can't even compare this to the Bioware version (Part 1).
76561198188342607,Recommended,208580,20905198,"Posted: 1 February, 2016",all,InfinityFalse,It's really old game but good enough for everyone to play this game.
,Recommended,208580,20851622,"Posted: 30 January, 2016",all,EnjoyCoke,This is the best Star Wars game ever made.
,Recommended,208580,20821180,"Posted: 28 January, 2016",all,DalekBoy,I hate Nar shadar.
76561197994040040,Recommended,208580,20839424,"Posted: 29 January, 2016",all,guMKa (PK),One of the best RPG's even if you are not a Star Wars fan. In hope for a succesor of the series im still playing one in a year.The graphics already look a bit old compared to new games but you get used to it.
,Recommended,208580,20818884,"Posted: 28 January, 2016",all,Bane1151,"While my playtime doesn't refelct my actual playtime in this game i can promise you i've put over 100 hours into this game. on the original xbox, and on a non steam version of the game.This game is from 2005 so the graphics, and the overll cohesion of the game is not going to be over average.This game is just full of awesome characters and challenging combat, its just an amazing game. buy it"
,Recommended,208580,21843464,"Posted: 14 March, 2016",all,milfslayer07,star wars rpg + obsidian = game that can't go wrong.:)
76561198179640167,Recommended,208580,26002955,"Posted: 12 October, 2016",all,Shadowranger,Great game
,Recommended,208580,26031104,"Posted: 14 October, 2016",all,apaltanea,Good old-school RPG - I think the best SW RPG title. Storyline is very good.
,Recommended,208580,26157182,"Posted: 21 October, 2016",all,WhiteKindling,"KOTOR 2 is the Obsidan-written sequel to the classic Bioware original, and the 2 games are practically emblamatic of their creator's styles. Where the original was Bioware's optimist take on the original Star Wars, deliberately hitting many of the same tropes. KOTOR 2 is a dark, introspective look at George Lucas' universe, and is one of the first games to make me truly question the moral logic of the decision I was making in games. If you have played Mass Effect, this feels like the prototype: well-written dialogue and characters, cosmic exploration, and dark unseen threat (and the option to sleep with your NPCs). While I haven't played much of the Steam version or the restored content, I played exhaustively on Xbox. Famously, the original was rushed out for Xmas 2003 console release, which is obviously a case of the publisher not quite knowing what they had on their hands. Imagine Penguin books rushing out Crime and Punishment as a sequel to a Harry Potter novel. This game is Obsidian, and Chris Avellone, at their best.Spoilers are best avoided so I'll be vague. The story picks up in the aftermath of the war we only saw glimpses of in the original, and there are no heroes. War is terrible, representing a failure on all sides, and the damage it causes snow balls until the leaders and warriors are scarred beyond recongition. The damage caused by the war is long lasting and has profound implications for the universe and the main protagonist.The tone throughout is bitter, and the characters are equally bitter. As you pick up your life after a long exile and a terible final battle, you find yourself in company of wise, elderly Jedi, a twisted version of Obi-Wan who is more honest about the lies they are telling. Obi-Wan was manipulative and secretive, and this mindset in a 'good' character is explored at great length. Kriea is one of the best NPCs in any game, and I found myself choosing her to accompany my character and disappointed when she could not. Not taking her does have benefits though> Your NPC selection is broad and well written, and you can train them to follow your own philosophy, be that helping them reach enlightment as Jedi, or bringing out the worst of them as Sith.The original version was rushed and unfinished. A somber, character-driven epic gives over to mindles action and droves of nameless enemies before a final antagonist literally describes verbally what would otherwise have been a cutscene. Still, I found it satisfying. The final scene was disappointing, but the 'end' was the final third of the game, and in many instances I could scarcely believe what I was seeing, what I had chosen, and what it implied about my character and their story. This game stuck with me for a long time after I finished it, and was richly rewarding to play through again.Stories are often described as better just for being 'darker'. KOTOR 2 shows how rich a narrative can be and how darknes can be born naturally by the story and not just a bullet point for marketing.Buy this game."
76561198152902616,Recommended,208580,26154576,"Posted: 21 October, 2016",all,Turtle Lord,"Words cannot describe how much I love this game. I'm serious, I have no idea what I should say. I love it that much, and you should all buy it. Probably my second favorite game of all time."
76561198211449908,Recommended,208580,26153709,"Posted: 21 October, 2016",all,youthberry,Amazing game. 20/10!!
76561198132751953,Recommended,208580,25831913,"Posted: 2 October, 2016",all,Glasses-Kun,My Personal Preferance between the 2 Kotor GamesPros+Skills feel better developed than previous game(Sith Skills Cheaper to use on Sith Character)+Story feels very intresting in its execution (Rescue the Jedi or Hunt them Down)+Great Moral Ambiguity (Are Jedi just self-rightous ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s?-Probably)+Quicker to getting force powers and lightsaber than first game(Still not over Taris)+Large amount of planets to explore like first game+KreiaCons-Most Characters with the exception of Kreia and HK are very average and not that memorable-Almost Unplayable without Missing Content Patch and Droid World Patch-Darth Nihlus just not as fun compared to Darth Malak(My Totaly objective op lol)8/10 Would Corrupt my Friends to Darkside Again
,Recommended,208580,25776386,"Posted: 29 September, 2016",all,N_Hanced,Such a wonderful nostalgia trip over and over again. Wonderful replayability as well. Just a great game.
76561198159550379,Recommended,208580,25861029,"Posted: 4 October, 2016",all,thedevilsword172,i play the first game on xbox but didnt fish it but i love this one
,Recommended,208580,25859947,"Posted: 4 October, 2016",all,Barrues,Brings back wonderful memories. Graphics aren't the best but the game is sooo good. Download the Restored Content Mod to make it better. :)
,Recommended,208580,25867615,"Posted: 5 October, 2016",all,justmutantjed,"The short version: 7.5/10. A worthy successor to the first KotOR, but could be better. Cons first: Influence system is a tug-of-war; lightsabers aren't future-proof, necessitates constant upgrades; and clarity of objective is murky at points. Pros: Lightsabers more modular, game responds even more deeply to how you play, and how you played KotOR 1.Long version:I'm not done with this game yet. Not by a long shot. I play offline, which doesn't allow Steam to really count the actual amount of time I've spent on it, so I'll go ahead and say I've spent at least 24-36 hours on one playthrough so far, and that was mostly getting off the first couple of scenarios, which you're basically railroaded into/through. Sometimes your objectives and how to achieve them is a little opaque, so it took me a while to even get through the first act. Plus, now that I'm given a choice, I'm not really doing things in the optimal order.Took a long time to get my lightsaber. Once I did, though, hoooo boy, I was stoked -- oh, I need what skills to build something to actually make my 'saber effective? Aw, phooey. Good thing I'm speccing Sentinel. I have ALL THE SKILLS! Bring it -- wait, huh, you can't future-proof your 'saber, either? Geeeeez, this deal's getting worse all the time! At least you're close-to-literally drowning in the parts to make the upgrades. I do like the added modular elements to the lightsaber customisation, though. Since inventory space is basically unlimited, you can hoard ALL THE LIGHTSABER PARTS.The influence system makes me want to drink until I can't feel my mouse. You will not be best pals with everyone in any one playthrough like you could in the last game, unless you cheat. That's just how it is. Wanna play light-side? Oh look, this guy likes it, but your other buddy ain't happy with you. Stand with a rebellion? Now Thing 1 hates your face and you've gained brownie points with Thing 2.Like KotOR 1, there's an optimal character build for this game, but I'm playing (nominally, anyhow) for fun. This will make my inevitable fight with the final boss probably very difficult to impossible. Still, though, I'm a Star Wars fan to the bone, and I do enjoy the chance to paddle about again in the Old Republic setting (it's one of my faves, dating back to the Tales of the Jedi comics half my lifetime ago)."
,Recommended,208580,25867465,"Posted: 5 October, 2016",all,cagcag,This is an obligatory positive review. Nothing to read here. Move along and play the game already.
76561198290981399,Recommended,208580,25877175,"Posted: 5 October, 2016",all,9/11,very fun game i would play the first one first before this one just to get a idea on story/mechanics it could be difficult for new players because the story gets kinda confusing but enjoyable however there are lots of glitches some even game breaking i would play this game multiplile times with different gender or side like for example i played as a light side first then on my dark side run that  i just completed i have not played as a female yet so ya also i found the game much easier as a dark side user i just force stormed everything and for the final boss i just force crushed and wasent hard at all in fact i didint even use my lightsaber at all in the final boss fight also for my lightside run witch was also my first run of the game  i had to use my lightsaber a lot cause light side force powers are more support and not attack while dark side gets the cool powers i would rate this game 7/10 for story overall enjoyment and mutliple ways to complete the game it does cost money witch was unfounite but i played the first game and if you liked that you will enjoy this i also enjoyed the companions and i seemed to like them more in this game then the first however hk47  is just the best droid in all of star wars so ya defintly get him he is so worth it so ya get this game
76561198263036778,Recommended,208580,25938789,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,Sreejit Pillai,Fantastic game and lore. You don't need to be a Star Wars Fan to enjoy this game. The characters give some memorable experiences and some outstanding quotes! I bought this game intially for the Xbox but now playing with the PC using these mods. Game a completely new prospective.
76561198030354127,Recommended,208580,26128382,"Posted: 20 October, 2016",all,RAION,"One of the best games in Star Wars universe (right after the first KOTOR and expansions to TOR). Continuing the story few years after the end of KOTOR 1, the game gives us another hero to create and make him/her either the best jedi or the worst villain. Game offers a LOT of choices throughout course of playing and these choices matter. It's not using typical for later BioWare games ""dialogue circle"" so the conversations are deep, long and you actually have a choice of what your character is going to say.Games only cons are: graphics (well, it is kind of old game), and fighting system - wierd mash-up between cRPG style and action RPG, which is not going that great. I would be better if devs stay with just one of them."
,Recommended,208580,4472819,"Posted: 10 May, 2013",all,Jayrad,werd
76561197972343365,Recommended,208580,26223958,"Posted: 25 October, 2016",all,shabalaman,"*sigh...* okay, I know this one isn't the most popular Star Wars game under the sun.  But if you like a lot of hours about people standing around talking about Star Wars, it's kinda cool..."
76561198088216877,Recommended,208580,26225496,"Posted: 25 October, 2016",all,keller452,"Honestly if you haven't played this yet, then what are you waiting for? I recommend playing the first one first though."
76561198029213378,Recommended,208580,18092364,"Posted: 18 September, 2015",all,irvinejt93,"Alright lets get the obvious out of the way. This game on release was unfinished. But that was back when dinosaurs roamed the earth, and since then, the TSLRCM guys have taken a buggy unfinished game and turned it into what it was always supposed to be: Really God Damn Good.This game, with that mod, and the recently added widescreen support will go down as one of my all time favorite games."
,Recommended,208580,20192476,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,Wynkle (YT),This is art right here. If you don't like it go masturbate with sandpaper.
76561198170042961,Recommended,208580,24264875,"Posted: 11 July, 2016",all,joshuab5698,"This game is a must for aany star wars fan. The story is original, the characters are enthralling, and the abilty to feel like a bad♥♥♥♥♥is there. This game was enjoyable to play and see pan out."
76561198040225777,Recommended,208580,24246721,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,Roach,"Very good and in depth atmospheric game. If you're looking for a solid storyline and memorable characters you should definitely purchase this game. (Caution: I would advise downloading the ""Restored Content Modification"" as it helps the game significantly.)"
76561198153858346,Recommended,208580,24261311,"Posted: 11 July, 2016",all,ultima_dragoon_slayer,"Best version of this game. I have been playing KOTOR2 since 2007, and I love this game. The Steam update has made it so easy to play on new machine's and with the restored content."
76561198081377559,Recommended,208580,24344107,"Posted: 15 July, 2016",all,doomlord33,Fun classic
,Recommended,208580,24344156,"Posted: 15 July, 2016",all,gigzilla,"All jokes asside this game ♥♥♥♥ing rules. I'd be lying if I didnt tell you its a buggy piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥though, so strap yourself in and hotkey quicksave to like, mouse1 otherwise prepare for a world of pain."
,Recommended,208580,20066051,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,cenkbural,"Star Wars Knights of the old Republic II , it's  one of the best star wars gamesIf you decide to buy this game, I highly suggest downloading this modhttp://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=485537937"
,Recommended,208580,24327486,"Posted: 14 July, 2016",all,watchingcbeams,"Delves deeper into questioning the ethos of the Star Wars Universe, I played it at the right time in my life."
,Recommended,208580,24285392,"Posted: 12 July, 2016",all,Fry_rice123,"Amazing game. Mechanics are top notch, mods keep the game fresh, and the story is grade A."
,Recommended,208580,17187690,"Posted: 23 July, 2015",all,Maestro,"This is a great game which I played 10 years ago.I keep getting a runtime error on Vista, so it is pretty much unplayable, for me.If it would have worked it would have been nice but unfortunately I have too many glitches bugs freezes and crashes."
76561198081291865,Recommended,208580,24429680,"Posted: 20 July, 2016",all,~Lane~,gud gam
,Recommended,208580,24720241,"Posted: 4 August, 2016",all,Wolf,Positives:+good characters+Good variety of villains that are very dark compared to the villains of Kotor 1.+They remastered it to run properly on modern PCs and also added achievment support+Restored content mod puts all of the cut content in the game. If you weren't aware LucasArts forced Kotor 2 to be rushed out the door so Obsidian had to cut a bunch of stuff to meet the deadline. This mod fixes that issue.Negatives:-The villains are so evil to the point where i don't feel tempted to join the dark side. The point of the dark side is that it's supposed to be tempting and that it can influence you. But the dark side is too evil in this game to the point where i don't feel tempted by it.-The Characters aren't as likable or relatable as they were in Kotor 1.Score 9/10: This game is great and i highly recommend it to anyone into RPGs or Star Wars. Kotor 2 isn't canon anymore but it's still the best Star Wars game ever made.
,Recommended,208580,24711050,"Posted: 4 August, 2016",all,Laces G,"i dont think i played either KOTOR 1 or 2.. but this is an awesome star wars game. i love RPGS and star wars meets with a RPG, and i get this awesome game.  i am enjoying this game and i beleive its one of the best star wars games out there and i even put this over battlefront 2..  not much more to say."
76561198130920688,Recommended,208580,24736505,"Posted: 5 August, 2016",all,livebythecreed63,"If you've never played KOTOR II before, i highly suggest your first playthough be without the restored content mod available in the workshop. If will help you appreciate the hard work and effort the team put into making this game as complete as they possibly could. Over a decade after first finishing it on the Xbox, it's still one of my go-to games when i have downtime or am waiting on a new release."
,Recommended,208580,24731369,"Posted: 5 August, 2016",all,Stanley X,I recommend this video game.
,Recommended,208580,23998850,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,Cobalt Gaming,"TL;DR Knights of the Old Republic 2 (TSL) takes leaps and adds depth to the story that make the story surprisingly fulfilling and interesting. The mod community for this game is strong and takes the game from great to excellent, especially if you don't mind visiting non-Steam sites for more mods and have a bit of know how.(Full Version) When I played Knights of the Old Republic 1, I found a game with excellent story telling with a classic Star Wars tale with decisions and twists. The combat aesthetically looked like a nice mix of EP:4-6 simplicity and 1-3 finesse along with a variety of styles, force powers, and companions. While KOTOR 1 was very strong, I was just a bit unsatisfied. It was a Star Wars game no doubt, but the story, while strong, didn't take very many risks that I hadn't seen before.I wondered how KOTOR could be topped, but Obsidian responded in force with KOTOR 2. I'll break down my review into specific sections for comparison.Story: KOTOR 2 brings a fantastic interpretation of the struggle in the Star Wars Universe with brilliantly intertwining storytelling and companion interactions. It causes the player to ponder the nature of the force itself as they adventure through a galaxy only a few years after KOTOR 1.The player is an exiled Jedi after the Mandalorian Wars. The game is about 5 years after KOTOR 1, and the galaxy has been affected drastically. The republic is weak and the Jedi are missing. The player must go on a journey to seek out the Jedi before the Sith can get them first.Story:(cont.) The companions in the game are excellent. I personally enjoy the companions in KOTOR 2 more than 1, since there is no companion I dislike. The influence system adds a new system of depth to dialogue that I feel surpasses the 'kill some people, walk around, now X wants to talk about something' system of 1. Companions react to your choices, or even a stray sentence. The story also causes the player to ponder the nature of the force. What is light and what is dark?Combat/level system: The combat in KOTOR 2 is nearly identical to it's predecessor in being an animated turn based combat that feels like Real time. However, KOTOR 2 adds more feats, powers, and items than the previous game, adding more choice to how the player builds their combat style. The game also introduces force prestige classes to further add to your choices as a Force Sensitive. This combined with the diverse companions makes for a surprisingly entertaining and aesthetically pleasing combat system.Graphics: KOTOR 2 has graphics surprisingly good for the Xbox Era. The Jedi Robes in this games are animated unlike KOTOR 1 and have flowing outer robes that flop around based on the player's motions. Some hair strands also move based on the player's head motions. These are surprisingly nice details for a game over a decade old. ALSO, the support for the game in modern times has led to the textures being updated to a higher quality, making the game overall look much more crisp while still maintaining the nostalgic 2005 polygon count. If you are looking for photorealistic, this is the wrong game for you, but graphics aren't everything. The games core art style is more than sufficient to keep my eyes interested as well as my mind.Controls: The controls are easy enough, most of the game can be done with mouse usage or key usage depending on preference. All keybindings are adjustable in game. The targeting system and player to opponent mapping are sometimes mediocre, but are only minor hitches that are from age and coding rather than shoddy production.Satisfaction; I'm very pleased with my purchase. KOTOR 2 is a worthy buy for any Star Wars fan, be it a person seeking action or seeking an immersive story. You will likely only dislike this game if you get a significant bug(s), dislike adventure RPGs, or Star Wars. I find the game to be a strong choice, worthy as a successor to KOTOR 1. Unfortunately, it's age and rushed release (thanks Lucasarts) show.Recommendation: Get involved in the modding community. Mods add so much potential content to this game and answer some of the questions. Some would argue that the TSLRCM is a necessity. It does answer some questions and restores the content to its full status. The game is still enjoyable without it however, and it might even be beneficial to do a playthrough without the restoration to get some context. If you can, TSLRCM will likely improve the experience, and thats just the beginning.My opinion: 9/10 with no mods. Mods easily up it to a 10/10 experience."
,Recommended,208580,24542499,"Posted: 26 July, 2016",all,hmmmokaythen,"Generally considered to be inferior to the first game but still a fantastic story filled with interesting characters.Be a paragon of virtue bringing hope to the galaxy or tear your way through your enemies with sheer wrath.Each choice you make pushes you further towards the dark or light side of the force, opening up new force powers and altering the course of the game. Each companion has their own unique storyline and  many can be coaxed into exploring their own force sensitivity and evnetualy taking up a light saber of their own.Still a shining example of what roleplaying games are all about."
76561198085910327,Recommended,208580,24643089,"Posted: 31 July, 2016",all,Havoc03,"Are you tired of the black and white morality Star Wars characters seem to follow? Want to see a more nuanced discussion of ethics and philosophy in a video game?If yes, BUY this game. 11.5 out of 10!A outstanding combination of the d20 combat system used in the first KOTOR game along with the classic writing and characters that comes with former Black Isle developers.Sadly, the vanilla version has a lot of cut content, scenes, and dialogue and the ending does not make much sense. Get the TSLRCM (The Sith Lords Restored Content Mod) to restore most of this content and to fix several bugs and for a proper ending to the game. The second mod worth getting is the M4-78 Exhancement Project which restores an entire droid planet."
76561198238277430,Recommended,208580,24541848,"Posted: 26 July, 2016",all,LibertineLast,"Where to start? This game, alongside with its predecessor, was one of my favourites whilst growing up. Now with the TSLRCM it almost feels like a completely new game filled to the top with lovely moral greys.Also with the added workshop content for improved visuals, added weapons and force powers it's a must own if you love a good story driven, classic RPG game.Small word of advice. Tread carefully with the droid planet M4-78, if you're not prepared to run around almost aimlessly for a few hours then my suggestion would be to leave it out."
,Recommended,208580,24604117,"Posted: 29 July, 2016",all,killerpi,"If you buy this game, get the restored content mod on the workshop. It's still fun without it, but adds so much more. As for the game, it's not without its faults. Not as polished as the first KOTOR and can be hard to get running well. However, it is a bucket of fun with better character building and roleplaying aspects. I've played this game at least once a year for the last decade. Both on the xbox and PC. It is simply wonderful."
76561198272410787,Recommended,208580,20299280,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,BornToKill,"One of the best games i've played in a long time! Epic storyline, Action Packed, and loads of fun!!!"
76561198020718178,Recommended,208580,20255488,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,DJ Basstoise,"I will start with the good things about this game at this time:-excellent story-interesting companions-traveling to different planets-the choices mean something in this game-you are a jediI have played this game when it released,by that time it didn't have many bugs,a few chat bugs but nothing serious.A few days ago I began to play it again and saw that it was patched to include 1080p resolution and other graphic opsions BUT that update camed with annoying bugs like after you watch a cinematic the game crashes,after a period of time when you talk to a person the game skips what they say.There are some fixes to this problems but as most people including my self want after they pay for a game to work fine not perfect but fine,we don't want to browse the internet to fix the game that's the devs job.I recommend this game because of the story,some of you won't enjoy the combat but if you can deal with it you are in for one heck of a ride."
,Recommended,208580,20253419,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,Takviye,"I forgot how many times I finished this game, 10? 15? I forgot how many times I bought it because cd was broken / not working, 5 maybe? ImoKotOR 2 gives you a very intense and  extraordinary Star Wars experience, unlike anything Lucas / other developers dished out so far. Its grim dark, galaxy is trying to restore from an intense Mandalorian War  followed by a Jedi Civil War. Everyone has their own agenda, no one cares abut you. You have a teacher, which ♥♥♥♥♥ on you every single time. There is no good, there is no evil, there is just reality. No you won't have friend friendship and magic in this game or a designated evil which is evil for the sake of being evil. There is only selfishness and personal angendas.I salute all the designers and story writers who contributed to this awesome game that made me realize Star Wars is just a glorified child's story and made me hate it. Play it, you won't regret. Even the most hated prologue Peragus gives you the chills."
76561198083367653,Recommended,208580,20292920,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,focalor,Still quite enjoyable
,Recommended,208580,20463083,"Posted: 10 January, 2016",all,Spyincorporated,"Pros-I have made, at least, 3 characters. TODAY. (They all look like Obi-Wan)-This is one of the most addicting games I've ever played. Its up there next to Civ 5 and TF2 for me.-The Devs still care about this game, a game over 10 years old! I guarantee you'll never see that with the big name companies like EA.-It has a great morality system that will make you feel every dialouge option has some weight. (I always end up being light-side because I cannot be a♥♥♥♥♥♥ no matter how much I try)-Steam workshop supportCons-Tons of great content was cut due to time constrants. However, this can be fixed by downloading the restoration mod from the workshop."
,Recommended,208580,20483662,"Posted: 12 January, 2016",all,Fremen,"Great story about Meetra Surik coming back to republic space to save the jedi order, galaxy & Force itself.Great comeback from obsidian, after 10 years of silence. Also workshop with restored content & HD textures. Custom gear models, force abilities. It's like nostalgie with new emotions over it!"
,Recommended,208580,20479032,"Posted: 11 January, 2016",all,Ubangi_Shmelvin,"Even when rushed, it's still one of the best RPGs ever made. Never has a game made long periods of dialogue so entertaining. The characters are complex, their agendas are facsinating, plus HK and Atton are pretty hilarious. The villians are badass. The only downside is that the game has some pacing issues, and the ending is a pretty big let down. But as Kreia says herself ""It is not the destination that matters, it is the journey"".P.S. Play this with the restoration mod install, it adds a lot more to the game and makes it feel much more complete."
76561198119436405,Recommended,208580,20479334,"Posted: 11 January, 2016",all,Kylo Bo,"Amazing StarWars RPG,EA should've worked on something like this instead of battlefront   These are the most immmersive StarWars games on the market right now."
76561198047818397,Recommended,208580,20457320,"Posted: 10 January, 2016",all,Draleon,"Does this even need a review? Bloody hell, buy it already.Despite some of the downsides of the game -unfinished-, it's still bloody awesome. There's a mod available (look for the Darth Stoney mod) that restores content and makes this game at least 95% complete.That is all. Stop reading. Really, click Add to Cart already."
76561198060553994,Recommended,208580,20461290,"Posted: 10 January, 2016",all,Waifu-chan,best game ever
,Recommended,208580,20491669,"Posted: 12 January, 2016",all,Silver138,Just beat it for maybe the 6th tim in a couple of years I recommend this game for any star wars fan and the new updates are very nice !
,Recommended,208580,20470467,"Posted: 11 January, 2016",all,DerShabo,"Overall amazing.Pros:+Level up system+Dark Side/Lightside system and how it effects the story.+The story except the end.+Writting+GameplayCons:-Endgame-Bugs (I would recommend downloading the restored content modification)9,5/10"
,Recommended,208580,20477195,"Posted: 11 January, 2016",all,Memez Machinez,I am having such a good time on this!
76561197967625918,Not Recommended,208580,20497109,"Posted: 12 January, 2016",all,Kman,"I guess if you are a hard core Star Wars fan, you would like this, if not, be careful. Now I like Skyrim, Oblivion, Fallout LV, and FO3, but this game although some what similar I found bland graphically and gameplay wise.Seems you are constantly reading computer terminals, or opening and looting boxes, solving boring minor puzzles topped off with yawn inspiring fights. Grant it probably gets better later, but looking at gray walls with no real lighthing effects along with the above mentioned for gameplay I can find better things to do.Best part of this was pushing your guy to the good or bad side of the force with the choices you make, that I will say is pretty cool, not enough to keep me interested though, maybe I will try it again at  later  date but for now I can't recommend this to anyone but hard core Star Wars fan boys."
76561198071747371,Recommended,208580,20390196,"Posted: 7 January, 2016",all,kennySucks,10/10 Would force storm again
,Recommended,208580,20344143,"Posted: 5 January, 2016",all,Aububuh,"For years I considered the first KOTOR to be one of my favorite games of all time.  I played it through at least 3-4 times, and loved every minute of it.  Then I played the sequel.  Hot damn, was I blown away.  The story in the first game is basically the same structure as A New Hope, but the second game's plot pretty much turns the whole of the Star Wars universe on its head, making a few jabs at traditional RPG mechanics along the way.  The force, the Jedi, the Sith; all things are subverted in intriguing ways.  This game is a must if you enjoyed the first.  (Don't forget the restored content mod)"
,Recommended,208580,4493879,"Posted: 9 October, 2012",all,Nalir,This is what the films should have been like.
,Recommended,208580,20330785,"Posted: 5 January, 2016",all,[Order] Brinklight,I like this game and its pretty cool with a good storylinge 4 or 5 stars because it does feel a little short and you cant interact with you companions as much as kotor1
,Recommended,208580,20330811,"Posted: 5 January, 2016",all,Crunchy♥Joe,"this is easily one of the best RPG games ever made, the writing is deep and thoughtprovoking in ways you would never expect star wars to be (maybe due to it's departure from star wars norms) and the worldbuilding draws you in to each location no matter how small or undetailed it is. the combat is really quite well designed and fun to experiment with, yet not so monotonous or slow as to draw from the game's meat (it's storytelling), giving you multiple builds for both jedi and dark jedi, you can even go through the game with just blasters and have enough options to have fun. this is probably one of the only singleplayer games I'll ever sit down for 10 hours on one day to play."
76561198074899217,Not Recommended,208580,20329876,"Posted: 5 January, 2016",all,BoomStick,"The game i would like to play but unfortunately steam sells faulty copies so dont by as it is the downloads are corrupted. The game is almost impossible to run. It will repeatedly crash and wont run on most equipment. Dont by from steam, if you want the game to actually work buy elseware."
76561198048054180,Recommended,208580,21972173,"Posted: 21 March, 2016",all,ashleighbaljak,Just one word Fantastic!!!!!!!!!!!
76561198263753245,Recommended,208580,21957864,"Posted: 20 March, 2016",all,MaximoMayora305,This is the best Star Wars RPG ever made! Buy it!
76561198255580371,Recommended,208580,22517544,"Posted: 19 April, 2016",all,Jello Warrior,"A fantastic game, just takes a while so be prepared to play a lot to progress a little. But all in all, good game, ok graphics, fantastic storyline."
,Recommended,208580,20655713,"Posted: 20 January, 2016",all,SoulShriek95,"Great game! If you're stuck (like me) or too bored, go make cookies! Here's the recipe:Here's the recipe:1 1/3 cups all-purpose flour1/2 teaspoon baking soda1/2 teaspoon salt1/2 cup (1 stick) salted butter, softened1/4 cup plus 2 tablespoons granulated sugar1/4 cup plus 2 tablespoons packed brown sugar1/2 teaspoon vanilla extract1 large egg1 cup high-quality chocolate, like GuittardFlake salt, for garnishDIRECTIONSPreheat oven to 375°F. Line a baking sheet with a Silpat or parchment paper.In a large bowl, sift flour, baking soda, and salt.In the bowl of a stand mixer, beat butter, granulated sugar, brown sugar, and vanilla extract in large mixer bowl until creamy.Add egg, beating well. Gradually beat in flour mixture. Stir in chocolate chips.Drop by rounded tablespoon onto ungreased baking sheets. Bake for 9 to 11 minutes, until cookies are golden brown.Sprinkle with flake salt. Cool on baking sheets for 2 minutes; remove to wire racks to cool completely.INFORMATIONCategory Desserts, Cookies Cuisine North American Yield Roughly 26 cookies Cook Time 20 minutes. Enjoii!"
,Recommended,208580,22558372,"Posted: 21 April, 2016",all,「 IcE 」,Only game I'm able to run at 5 fps on the main menu
,Recommended,208580,22544920,"Posted: 20 April, 2016",all,✿🌷 FOLLOW ME 2 EDC 🌷✿,*Every voice actor from every 90's cartoon reality come in to the Ebon Hawk with everything for a HUGE Jedi revival*
76561198055365359,Recommended,208580,22503884,"Posted: 18 April, 2016",all,JO'Geran,A bit too hyped to be honest. But it was enjoyable.
,Recommended,208580,22478331,"Posted: 17 April, 2016",all,UnidentifiedLaserBeamCat,It'd be a really nice game if I knew how to leave the very beginning room.
76561198261507324,Recommended,208580,22598994,"Posted: 23 April, 2016",all,krusher210,its bad
76561198042159795,Recommended,208580,22570093,"Posted: 22 April, 2016",all,TRILLTURBAN,"Say it after me kids: the Bioware MMO isn't canon, the Bioware MMO isn't canon, the Bioware MMO isn't canonNow that I got that out of the way, I can confidently say that this game (along with it's prequel) is probably one of the best (if not THE best) pieces of EU lore for star wars ever written."
76561198271737417,Recommended,208580,22622125,"Posted: 24 April, 2016",all,PureGold316,Awesome
76561198146619783,Recommended,208580,22609285,"Posted: 24 April, 2016",all,kirito,best game ever!
76561198089731677,Recommended,208580,22576781,"Posted: 22 April, 2016",all,Colonel Napoléon Bonaparte,Buy It. Nuff said
,Recommended,208580,22607857,"Posted: 24 April, 2016",all,Jomes,"Amazing game, Far better than KOTOR 1.Before you play though, I'd recommend getting the Restored Content mod on the Steam Workshop."
76561198004242944,Recommended,208580,2220558,"Posted: 11 July, 2013",all,gammadelta,"Great game, one of the best Bioware RPGs."
76561198041174144,Recommended,208580,24967802,"Posted: 16 August, 2016",all,WARLLAMA,Just as good as the first one and just as epic. KOTOR will forever be good it does not matter if you play l or ll.These games are tuly amazing.
,Recommended,208580,32808652,Posted: 26 June,all,bfkuashdkbsakd,"arguably better story and characters than the original, kudos to the writers at obsidian."
76561198130754076,Recommended,208580,32770826,Posted: 25 June,all,Limeni,One of the best games ever and best Star Wars game to this day...
76561198396213453,Recommended,208580,32786634,Posted: 25 June,all,ict2017_2020,"IF I would have payed the $50+ to buy this game when it came out I would have been pretty♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥off and sorely dissapointed. The game itself plays alot like the first which is good, but when I got to the first city and almost every single NPC that populated it said the exact same thing over and over I was really bummed out. I was expecting alot more from the developer and the KOTOR game. All the NPCs say the exact same dialouge. A short sentence at that. They are also clones and identical to each other. You'll have five or six grouped together too all saying the same thing. I can understand the government and military personel as they have to wear matching uniforms, but they as well say the exact same thing as the last.Other than that the story is slightly above average. The gameplay itself could have used some improvements. I never use some of the skills gifted to your character based on class and starting a new game alone, yet they are always the first skills to pop up. It never remembers my most frequently used skills or the ones I prefer. So far I have not looked ino it much but there is no way to change this that is user friendly and easy to find. Something you do consistently and constantly throughout the game. I missed out on this when I was younger, the summer sale was a good opportunity to pick it up at a cheap price on my laptop. $3.00 or so. Still pretty dissapointed with the NPCs and the dialouge."
76561198332376103,Recommended,208580,25989425,"Posted: 11 October, 2016",all,seventhson777,"I love this game so much, but it keeps crashing before every cutscene like when Sion first shows up on Paragus and I have no idea how to fix it."
,Recommended,208580,32874743,Posted: 27 June,all,kabbzter,"One of the best Star Wars game of all time and easily one of the best rpg i have played!(but the story isnt as good as the first KOTOR, same goes with characters.="
,Recommended,208580,32909669,Posted: 27 June,all,iamjamieknight,Great story line and charators. Multi playthrough goodness
76561198354186411,Recommended,208580,32880258,Posted: 27 June,all,Mr. Mandalorian,"Great Story, Great Characters, Great Combat. My favorite Star Wars game 👍🏻"
76561198048724374,Recommended,208580,32873966,Posted: 27 June,all,Pahalane,10/10
,Recommended,208580,32896772,Posted: 27 June,all,QuotableNotables,Play it with the Restored Content Mod!!! Obsidian was pressured to release the game before it was completed by LucasArts but the Modding community completed the project so it could be fully realised.
76561198119588589,Recommended,208580,24259733,"Posted: 11 July, 2016",all,drillerdrew1,"real good game, but could do a little bit more updating on game running. just a little glitchy"
76561198118460730,Recommended,208580,32905504,Posted: 27 June,all,Crazzy Gamer,Its awsome
,Recommended,208580,29589512,Posted: 30 January,all,sjw,Probably one of the best roleplaying games of all time
,Recommended,208580,32909525,Posted: 27 June,all,ShiiivA,"For all the Star Wars fans out there, the game is definitely recommended :)"
76561198042457275,Recommended,208580,32782690,Posted: 25 June,all,FitzyTheKing,"I remember playing this the first time round when i got my Xbox chipped and it blew my Mindo Calissian !  Played it through the first time and only disovered by accident you can make you companions into Jedi / Sith!!  Graphics have held up well, if your into nostalgia!  Can honestly say i have played the game with the majority of classes / presitge classes, the most fun i had was with Jedi Consular / Master - be prepared to feel proper OP - shame the infinte XP trick in that Shryak cave was removed :(  , could become a proper monster!!"
76561198168841491,Recommended,208580,24445935,"Posted: 21 July, 2016",all,ccplz,9 out of 10 but graphically and mechanically outdated and still fun
,Recommended,208580,32932255,Posted: 28 June,all,Cantankerous,"Great story, interesting characters with awful and mostly boring combat system that after 12 years really doesn't hold up anymore.In general the game works. Had a few instances of auto-skipping dialogue sequences and the game crashing (exclusively during cut scenes), though I’m not certain whether that’s due to Restoration Mod or the game itself being patchy."
76561198074114025,Recommended,208580,20564514,"Posted: 16 January, 2016",all,Godoka-Sama,such a classic :)
76561198372346940,Recommended,208580,33135348,Posted: 2 July,all,Kajada,"I played this game when it 1st came out and I loved it. Many years later I'm playing it again. The graphics have aged a lot, it's not as visually stunning as the games of today. Player movement seems a bit clunky at times. The storyline is great, player customization is great and there a lot of things to collect."
,Recommended,208580,32971541,Posted: 28 June,all,taco.Mike Rayne,Great game. Be sure to download the 'cut content' mod. Adds a lot of great features that should have been finished and included.
,Recommended,208580,22530407,"Posted: 20 April, 2016",all,The Mandalorian,"Beware, this game is absolutely bugged to the core. That being said, along with some workshop content and maybe a cheat to get you past a bug or two, it's a great game. If you're a fan of the original, or TOR, pick it up for a few bucks."
76561198183949605,Recommended,208580,22868554,"Posted: 8 May, 2016",all,durzoblint9822,"This game is just plain amazing. It takes everything that I loved about the first KOTOR and then improves on it in every single way. The combat is more fleshed out, the leveling up process is filled with more choices, the story has a great moral ambiguity to it, and the characters are well written. HK-47 is still the best Star Wars character ever made. He is even better with the restored content mod, which is a must. The mod fixes a lot of problems that I originally had with the game when I played it on my xbox. I had thought that the original was better originally, but after playing this again, I would have to say that it is the best Star Wars game ever made."
76561198079345036,Recommended,208580,22874600,"Posted: 8 May, 2016",all,Honey Dicken,takes forever with all the glitches. but the most rewarding thing getting to work and dealing with attons ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ 12/10
,Recommended,208580,1386338,"Posted: 6 October, 2012",all,Winter ©,If you are a fan of Star wars and loves rollerplay games - then you will love kotor 2 :D
,Recommended,208580,23061600,"Posted: 18 May, 2016",all,Circus Badger,Just the best singleplayer game ever. Completed it 4 times on xbox and still bought it again for pc.
,Recommended,208580,23091462,"Posted: 19 May, 2016",all,Enemy In Disguise,Best qualities of the first with all new characters and places. Obsidian builds on what Bioware set up. Must buy for fans of the first and of story based RPGs. 5/5
76561198095901329,Recommended,208580,23062448,"Posted: 18 May, 2016",all,MURP,Havent played it. Love star wars.
,Recommended,208580,23075196,"Posted: 18 May, 2016",all,lumberjack,"This game is fun, if you can get it to work. Don't be surprised if the game fails to launch. You will likely need to tweek the configuration file and perhaps use an older monitor."
76561198079483895,Recommended,208580,24405883,"Posted: 19 July, 2016",all,Grandmaster James Deen,"2016 and it continues to be one of the greatest RPGs ever made.This game is probably the deepest game about Star Wars you'll ever find; everything is explained, everything is lore-wise, and there are countless names and items that people in-game talk about that will make you see the SW Universe with wider eyes. Sure there are some glitches here in there, but nothing a reload wont help.It's really cheap right now so why not.And if you're going to buy it, dont forget to install (Through the Workshop, why yes, is that easy) the Restored Content Module for optimal experience and glitch-fixes"
76561198064811677,Recommended,208580,20046633,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,KP,Got an update that adds achievements and steam workshop. Now you can get the Restored Content Mod right from steam. This is a must have for any Star Wars or Bioware fan.
,Recommended,208580,20042439,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,SgtSaint,The update saved this release. Probably in my top 3 best games ever!
,Recommended,208580,20030278,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,Kim,Good old game.
76561198044033871,Recommended,208580,20070304,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,MrF3rnandez,"Pros:Original storyline.Fun gameplay for a D&D ruleset hybrid.Linux support.Cons:No memorable NPCs besides the main characters and villains.Environments get boring very fast.Few interesting side quests.Playing the game with ""gray"" morality locks you out of prestige classes and the one good side quest.The first playthrough is great. You probably won't bother with a second. 7/10"
,Recommended,208580,20072506,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,ANa;✘,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QzntZLHcYy0<3
76561197969296626,Recommended,208580,19957802,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,nCore,THis game along with KOTOR 1 have that unique feeling that only the best RPG experiences can give.THis is not by all means a shallow game and will make you interested from beggining to end with it's amazing story driven characters.10 years since its release and it is still one of the best rpgs of all time.KOTOR3 we are waiting for you!
,Recommended,208580,20062156,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,Grant,"Played this game for hundreds of hours when I was a kid. Loved it then, and can totally say that it holds up today as an iconic RPG. Say what you will about the two games' differences, but I favor this one."
76561198093013407,Recommended,208580,20066346,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,Jla,JUST SAY THE WORDI HEAR YOU
76561198138665419,Recommended,208580,15054376,"Posted: 25 March, 2015",all,Singed,Love this game! Buy it!
,Recommended,208580,20093470,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,blackfalconuk,"Although not by BioWare, the TSL Restored Content is more the intreging, also steam has the update for 1080 and with the MASSIVE mod base out there its more than worth the price."
,Recommended,208580,20094257,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,-={o.W.n}=- Emperor Mediziner I,"Killed Nihlus and Traya. Sat in the throne of Malachore V. Abbrupt ending, now conflicted on buying the first KOTOR."
76561198130236903,Recommended,208580,17320818,"Posted: 31 July, 2015",all,Crowmanhunter,"Playing an evil character. Go into a room along the ship docks and take some things. The owner of the room shows up and gives me some attitude. I kill him and rob his corpse.Later. I find a heart-broken lady in a refugee center. She tells me of her long-dead husband named Cootra. The man at the docks that I robbed was named Cootra.I tell her, ""Actually, I recently ran into a man named Cootra. He has a room along the docks. He's been looking for you. You should go to him.""10/10"
76561198070829539,Recommended,208580,20098310,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,justawildyaz,good♥♥♥♥♥game
76561198069553670,Recommended,208580,20812639,"Posted: 28 January, 2016",all,neobrick,Still a better story than Force Awaken.And maybe even less glitchy as well.What else to ask for?
,Recommended,208580,20684147,"Posted: 22 January, 2016",all,darthaegis,"Knights of the Old Republic II is, even though sadly unfinished, a decent game with a wonderful story.A decent game because, well, the combat sucks. It sucked in the original Knights and it sucks on this sequel (though the new greatly unbalanced abilities make it go faster most of time.) It basically amounts to selecting Force Storm, clicking on it four times and watching the movie that is combat. To add to this, levels are very small (Its pretty graphics, at the time, did not allow for big levels in the Xbox). But yeah, that doesn't really matter.What matters is its story and characters. The story is a deconstruction of the Star Wars setting. While Knights 1 had a very black and white morality, same as the Star Wars movies, the sequel is shades of grey in that regard. It regards the fighting between Jedi and Sith as useless, since the balance of the Force must be kept. Your character is a wound in the Force, a former Jedi who has had their connection competely severed with it, and only know, about 5 years later, is it coming back.Your master (and one of my favourite characters in gaming), Kreia, has unique views of the Force, borne from her writer's (Chris Avellone) views on the Star Wars setting, and every conversation with her is interesting. Should you follow what she teaches you, you will find yourself at the beginning veering towards the Dark Side of the Force, only then to be criticized by her for being evil just for the sake of being evil. The game offers a satisfying Dark Side route unlike the first game's ""being a psycho just because"". The other characters are also great.Unfortunately, Obsidian got rushed (as always) to put the game out on Christmas, and the ending doesn't provide a very good conclusion. Even with the restoration mod, it still feels unfinished.Even if you don't like Star Wars, I'd recommend this game. Unless you really hate lightsabers."
,Recommended,208580,20675833,"Posted: 22 January, 2016",all,NUT IN MY BUTT,"Easily one of the best Western RPG experiences I've ever had, spent a whole two weeks playing it again recently playing through doing different things each time, of course there are broken builds and useless builds but once you figure your way through that it gets super fun, I forgot how good this series is, Well worth $10."
,Recommended,208580,20799088,"Posted: 27 January, 2016",all,DarkMagician393,GET THIS GAME!!!!!!!!! FOR OLD TIME SAKES!!!!!!!!! YOU WONT REGRET IT!!!!
76561198169447092,Recommended,208580,20802874,"Posted: 28 January, 2016",all,{TVL} Lunarsmoke,you must buy this game its the best star wars game yet to sum it up ive put a lot of time into it and i still havent uncovered everything the game holds up from the first one
,Recommended,208580,20205030,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,Stormtrooper in Bed,"This game is over 10 years old but yet I played this more often than RPG games that came out recently. That's how great this game is, the story is so deep (especially if you played the first KotOR, and love Star Wars), and damn I wish I would've known about this game earlier. Obsidian did an amazing job, hands on.10/10 would definitely buy KotOR 3"
76561198026390484,Recommended,208580,20252311,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,bendak89,Great game. Be sure to get the restored content mod!
76561198006514160,Recommended,208580,20250894,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,Χαος,Fallout 1&2 quality RPG/Story wise.No bugs after 20 hours of play.Dont play without the mod though.
76561198031987434,Recommended,208580,20256055,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,cale_hearring,one of the best RPGs ive ever played. Excellent story and awesome character interactions. I wish they would do a third one.
,Recommended,208580,20257072,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,Firethrough,"Only just found this game, and it was brilliant, going to try the first one now"
76561198310976753,Recommended,208580,26512850,"Posted: 9 November, 2016",all,Deathound13350,It is a very good game. sense it is a little older it has poorer graphics. I personally wish that this game didn't have such reprecussions. I don't like the fact if you kill one general on onderon you are forced onto the general's side. I know it is a little late but please change this or atleast make a mod. If anybody knows a mod for this lease tell me. It would mean alot to me if you did
,Recommended,208580,26501552,"Posted: 9 November, 2016",all,Kenepshin,"I finally finish this game. I played the first game when I was a kid. I don't what age I beat it. Maybe around 12? Anyway, I beat in my adult age. My first playthrough always have to be light side. Beside, light side always beat the dark side. I'm thinking of beating this again in the dark side playthrough. Now what do I think of the second game? I think the skills are fairly stricted. Example :  Instead of having one points of security, you need to have the security lock skill to get it. In the first game, you unlock the security lock skill for only one points. I like the new jedi powers in this game. What I don't like is the companions. I like bonding with my companions. What really the problems is, you have to gain influence, aka trust. I really want to use them, but some of them are not worthy to be a party member. Also, forget credits, you can craft and loot items to upgrade and craft your party members and yourself! I feel like the credits in this game aren't important anymore. In the first games, I went to trouble funding my credits for better stuff. That's it. What would I rate this? Hmm... 6/10. That's my opinion. I like challenging games. The first one was really chanllenging. If you haven't play the first one, I think you are missing out my friend, unless you like RPG games. So yeah, this is still a thumb up games for my review. I would recommend the second one. Also the first one too. :)"
76561198089742523,Recommended,208580,26079614,"Posted: 16 October, 2016",all,Samerox,"Amazing game. Pretty much Star Wars version of Mass Effect. Great story elements, fun combat, challenging puzzles, amazing customization and great characters."
,Recommended,208580,26437599,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,Jon,its real gud
,Recommended,208580,24299844,"Posted: 13 July, 2016",all,Sarah Hawke,"If you want to see how the Star Wars universe can be used well then get this game.It's better than the first one (and miles better than the MMORPG) and now (with the restored content mod pack officially supported by Obsidian and the like) it has controller support, its original cut content restored and just tells a great adventure with gameplay that allows for many different styles of jedi/sith force and lightsaber usage.Side Note - Kreia is best waifu, get over it."
76561198037095011,Recommended,208580,26495148,"Posted: 8 November, 2016",all,meizlolcat,"One of the best games ever.I regularly dig it out and make a playthrough.Lots of slove for detail, funny gimmicks to discover, highly recommended."
,Recommended,208580,26493078,"Posted: 8 November, 2016",all,Neriakied,sequel to the second best game ever made
,Recommended,208580,26493833,"Posted: 8 November, 2016",all,Zephyr,"Playing as the exile in the valley of the Lord sith has been the most terrifying and unbeliable  experience in games.I felt myself inside the game, walk inside sith academy."
76561198256229570,Recommended,208580,26519141,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,TopGun45,Best star wars game for a star wars nerd! This game is the best star wars eu game ever! so sit back at your laptop and enjoy!TopGun over and out.
,Recommended,208580,20345912,"Posted: 6 January, 2016",all,레알tinywhitegirl,The genuine quality overshadows any nostalgia I could have held so dear for this game.
,Recommended,208580,20390555,"Posted: 7 January, 2016",all,Faltris,Question: Why havent you bought this game?
,Not Recommended,208580,20390750,"Posted: 7 January, 2016",all,urknighterrant,"Look, this is an amazing game. It just doesn't run well on modern systems. I had 30+ hours under my belt when a game breaking bug started crashing my rig.Maybe Obs will patch it again... but in the mentime spend your money on something else."
76561198032864490,Not Recommended,208580,20388086,"Posted: 7 January, 2016",all,Whiteman,Would like my money back
76561198274318109,Not Recommended,208580,20388519,"Posted: 7 January, 2016",all,r_burch500,crashes every time at main menu. cant even get through first loading bar of new game selection.
76561197970536211,Recommended,208580,20389294,"Posted: 7 January, 2016",all,Rishnu,"This game takes place after the first Knights of the Old Republic.   While you don't need to have played the original, it will certainly help parts of the story make more sense if you have.  You are the Jedi Exile, your ship was attacked and you were severely injured.  You wake up on an abandoned mining facility... what is going on?   And off you go.. learning powerful new abilities and recruiting friends while saving the Galaxy (again).So.. if you like Star Wars, like great stories,  like RPG's or even just like games in general I highly reccomend this game.  It is easily one of the best games I've ever played.   Knights of the Old Republic 1, has the better story, KoTR 2 has the much polished game play and other bits that make it just a little more fun over all.Also, the steam version has all the community mods via the Work Shop, so 1080p resolution, stability patches and cut content mods -  YEAH!   Er I mean, you probably want to install those too."
76561197993305554,Recommended,208580,20391990,"Posted: 8 January, 2016",all,Nacius,Best Star Wars game!!!
76561198273649817,Recommended,208580,20391442,"Posted: 7 January, 2016",all,aldro421,Halls yes. Certainly my favorite Star Wars game EVER!Then: 8/10 (Noticably un-finished)Now: 10/10 With a bullet
,Not Recommended,208580,20410996,"Posted: 8 January, 2016",all,RAW-Manta,Hard Controls couldn't figure out the firste level just horrible and i dunno how to refund or if u can!!?!?!???!
76561198034659984,Recommended,208580,20341731,"Posted: 5 January, 2016",all,Strategos,"Been meaning to write some Steam reviews for ages but never got around to it. Then I got this game and it provided the motivation I needed. :) I played this game on Xbox way back in the day, and heard about friends playing with all their awesome mods on the PC. I wanted high res, but just couldnt' stand playing KOTOR without a controller.Flash-forward to now, and the game finally got controller support. Yay! I bought it for just about nothing on the Steam end of year sale and installed it. I wondered if it really would work with my modern computer and 360 wired controller. I've had some nightmares lately with games starting off the screen and not letting me adjust graphics or run full-screen.I ran this game, and it IMMEDIATELY recognized 720p resolution and went full-screen with beautiful high-res. Controller took a little adjusting to work the way I wanted it to in the game's options menu (camera rotation with right stick to feel right), but once I had that working the game worked beautiuflly with the controller.The load times from the 360 are reduced to pretty much nothing, the game runs much smoother than the Xbox, and with none of the horrible sound glitching I was getting on the 360. The cherry on the sundae is that you can install additional content, fixes, and upgrades thorugh the easy Steam mod system. Awesome, awesome, awesome!Oh and for anyone who thinks this game is inferior to the first KOTOR, I found this game to be much better personally. While the beginning level and final level aren't that great, there's plenty of bugs, and the game has serious pacing issues, but in my opinion the best dialog of any video game I've ever played is in KOTOR II. The world needs more games this good."
,Recommended,208580,20412645,"Posted: 8 January, 2016",all,๖ۣۜ RedPanda,cool
76561198149260068,Recommended,208580,20437165,"Posted: 9 January, 2016",all,Samantha-Jane,"I first played this game back when I had an Xbox console,  having played the first game by Bioware (and loved it) I thoroughly enjoyed the immense storyline and numerous worlds to explore. I loved the fact that no matter how many times I played it through, I always found something that I had missed the first time, another side-quest, another wild tangent in the storyline that I missed completely. A very good game that has me coming back to play it through again and again. Oh and forcepowers! :D"
76561198008261022,Recommended,208580,20430080,"Posted: 9 January, 2016",all,Servant In Dust,"This is an old favorite of mine. If you like rpgs and star wars, deffinatly check this game out!"
,Recommended,208580,20430188,"Posted: 9 January, 2016",all,CyberSDF,One of the best RGP game of history
76561198255582043,Recommended,208580,20354212,"Posted: 6 January, 2016",all,EmperorJacob,nice.
,Recommended,208580,20455459,"Posted: 10 January, 2016",all,Palir,One of finest oldschool RPG's
,Recommended,208580,27750957,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,ze,This game will ALWAYS be epic.
,Recommended,208580,27583003,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,dawn_night,Wish they would make a KOTOR 3. Still love this game years later.
,Recommended,208580,27581796,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,godin99,Greatest Star Wars Game Ever
76561198061384430,Recommended,208580,27586686,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,TidaL,Would Recommend
76561198008998456,Recommended,208580,27592983,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,malithar,Nominated this for the test of time award because it remains one of the best rpgs I have played.
76561198132646515,Recommended,208580,27593002,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Sxaq,Still one of the best Star Wars games out there. 10/10
76561198015791886,Recommended,208580,27323453,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,REGAN,"One of the best videogame stories ever told, and one of my favorites of all time."
,Recommended,208580,27597381,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,LikkleJAH,Still love it cant wait for the freelance remake coming out!
76561198218908441,Recommended,208580,27604590,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,cassus vakarian,this is one ove the best games i have played 10/10 8/8
76561197969769546,Recommended,208580,27666947,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,somebodys_kid,"This is the better KOTOR game due to its stronger characters and commentary on the Force.  A bit buggy, and incomplete though.  The Restored Content Mod fixes most if not all of the issues with this game."
,Recommended,208580,27647991,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Lee Badass,Clearly one of the best RPG games out there! Never gets old!
76561198135929601,Recommended,208580,27653144,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Lord Kuraba,Easily my favorite Star Wars game ever made.
76561198101362813,Recommended,208580,27613101,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,XIIIthHarbinger,"What can be said about this game that hasn't been said already?Are you a Star Wars fan? Play this game.Are you an RPG fan? Play this game.Are you a fan of homicidal robots? Play this game.There is nothing else to say, there is nothing else that needs to be said."
,Recommended,208580,27613641,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Bullet Proof,Great game which really stands the test of time
,Recommended,208580,27882041,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Lt.-Gen. Newbon.,"The game story is great, if you actually get the game to run that is which is unlikley because it never works, and everything you try will not work. Enjoy it, if you get it working though.:)"
,Recommended,208580,27693559,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,TheHop,"A darker more introspective Star Wars. With the community restoration and patches, this is a must play for Star Wars fans."
76561198095795052,Recommended,208580,27735109,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,tempcallum95,couldnt think of a better way to spend my weekend on
,Recommended,208580,27732678,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Красный фонарь,My favorite game!
,Recommended,208580,27732903,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Lord of the Reefer,"Classic RPG that still stands the test of time. While unfinished and rushed, it was still a great game with memorable characters (Kreia and of course HK-47 come to mind) and interesting gameplay mechanics. Highly recommend using the Sith Lords Restored Content mod to get the full experience."
76561198081131083,Recommended,208580,27703045,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,John_Oak,Still the best game set in the Star Wars universe and one of the coolest RPG's ever!
,Recommended,208580,27912402,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Aenya / Hiri,It never gets old.
,Recommended,208580,27923113,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,TheFerndog,"One of the best Star Wars products ever made. The story is one of the best of the entire Star Wars line of products, and the characters are very well fleshed out and believeable than the prequel characters. I liked the original game so much when it first came out that I had to buy it again on Steam"
76561198141833529,Recommended,208580,27920292,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Brazenrose,A Classic and Amazing story and combat that'll keep you wanting more
76561198023060637,Recommended,208580,27924918,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Moist souls,"Great game, definitely worth the money, especially on sale.Has a metric ♥♥♥♥ton of bugs, but the free recovered content mod fixes the vast majority of themHighly advice any star wars fan to pick it up if they enjoy a good story as well."
,Recommended,208580,27322061,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,★✪HellFire✪★,A game that truely stood the test of time.
,Recommended,208580,27320457,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,9Laby9,"Too bad you can only nominate a game for only one because if you could do multiple, this would definetly have a lot more."
76561198019202400,Recommended,208580,27344223,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,IsAnyoneHungry,"Excellent game, one of the best action RPGs I can think of. Offers a compelling deconstruction of the Star Wars formula while appealing to a wide audience and asking difficult moral questions. Would recommend to anyone looking for a great roleplaying experience or a fun science fiction game."
76561198067924271,Recommended,208580,27341770,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,kyoshi,"I'm not even into Star Wars but into DND so a friend told me to pick this up and it was cheap. One of the best games I've ever played. The story is amazing. The mechanics are true to the DND number crunch. The choices you make can affect stuff, you can turn NPC's into Jedis. There are too many good things about this game.I built a double lightsaber and got to modify it with the coolest stuff. I played the game with zero mods. I don't regret it.The story is what makes it really really good. They should make a movie out of this game."
,Recommended,208580,27308216,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Sadryon,"Forget the 'become the hero/tough guy/gal you were always meant to be and save the world' nonsense that plagues the action rpgs that have taken hold of the market today. This is the real deal: a story that makes you think about consequences, companions who mostly (ahem Disciple ahem) avoid being 2D trope-fests, and some really original villains.If you haven't played this yet, shut the door to your peripheral attention and get on it - it's going to be a philosophical one..."
,Recommended,208580,7849299,"Posted: 30 November, 2013",all,Diversion Tactics,"Extremely recommended! This game does a major service to the Star Wars series as a whole due to giving out new perspective about the Force as a whole: is it really as black and white as Jedi vs. Dark Jedi? Or is there actually a paradigm that no one has actually thought about? The narrative, characters as well as topic of discussion is well written, and certainly does well to give out the main message about the questionable morality in the Star Wars universe.If you liked Fallout: New Vegas and also liked the story, play this. The writer is the same (Chris Avellone) and this game is another proof that any third-party games he touched will simply become a lot better.Oh, and don't forget to install the Restoration Mod!"
76561198103446790,Recommended,208580,27309044,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Kaze,Better than KOTOR I in every way possiblewould recommend to everyone who played the first one
,Recommended,208580,27356840,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Chains Big Brother,Broken or not this game is still awesome.
,Recommended,208580,27350083,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,klandri,The second game in the series is by many considered the better of the two. The game is darker and has a more nuanced story than the original title and improved on virtually all the mechanics. Unfortunately the game suffers a lot from rushed development and it's painfully obvious at times that significant amounts of contents was cut but mods have restored a lot of the cut content.To summarize it's still one of the best RPGs ever made.
76561198035949610,Recommended,208580,27349651,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Noco,"Set long before the events of the movies, the Sith Lords is without a doubt the greatest Star Wars story in my opinion. Taking the role of a fallen Jedi in the aftermath of the divisive Mandalorian Wars, you forge your own morals; this game has a good deal of gray and you are free to justify your actions or not.The gameplay itself takes a back seat to the amazing (albeit rushed) story and there a fair number of bugs you need to watch out for, but they are but mere spots on the glories of the narrative.Also, the Restored Content Mod is top."
76561198033866804,Recommended,208580,27345615,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Hypherion601,"Hands down one of the best games ever created. The modified version with content released brings this game from good to awe. High replayability and hours of entertainment, this game is worth every cent spent towards it."
,Recommended,208580,27312380,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,krispykremeguy42,"If you liked KotOR 1, you'll almost certainly like KotOR 2.  The Restored Content mod (available through the Steam Workshop) really helps the ending not feel so rushed, and (in my opinion) makes this game firmly better than KotOR 1.If you haven't played KotOR 1, I'd definitely play it first, since there are a lot of the same characters and so many throwbacks to it.KotOR 1 and 2 are both RPGs which basically use the d20 framework with a Star Wars skin.  It shares a lot of similarities to D&D, but I think it's easier to get into, and the knowledge curve isn't so steep.  The writing and the story are its greatest strengths, although the ending was famously rushed because of Obsidian's deadline (but as mentioned above, the restored content mod helps fix it).My biggest criticism of this game is that the pacing at the beginning is very slow.  The pace picks up significantly after you get your ship and can choose which planet to go to, but the introductory levels sometimes feel like a real drag.  It's well worth sticking through it, though."
76561198170154906,Recommended,208580,17988791,"Posted: 11 September, 2015",all,El Cheapo,Honestly one of if not the best game ive ever played and the Restored content makes it so much better than it already is
76561198084707489,Recommended,208580,18221346,"Posted: 27 September, 2015",all,Blargh Knight,KOTOR 2 had the ability to be a great game. If you were a fan of the first Kotor 2 is a definite buy but things feel a bit rushed at times. There are noticeable spots throughout the game where you will feel like something is missing. That is due to the game being rushed during production and many cutscenes and areas were removed.3/5HOWERVERMods exist. Notably The Sith Lords Restored Content Mod. This mod adds back a huge portion of the cut content in the game.  God bless that team.5/5Side note: Have not played with the M4-78 mod.
,Recommended,208580,18127944,"Posted: 20 September, 2015",all,tylernewman,BEST GAME EVER!!!
76561198082836278,Recommended,208580,18137856,"Posted: 21 September, 2015",all,SpaceMarine,10/10 loving being able to play as a bad guy
76561198078218745,Recommended,208580,18137920,"Posted: 21 September, 2015",all,nick conn,"If you love StarWars, Like or want to try RPG games this one has a good learning curve but enough face beating to make you want more. Love that Force lightning!"
76561198039570091,Recommended,208580,18140990,"Posted: 21 September, 2015",all,Swaghussla,"freezes after you travel between planets, can't even play."
,Recommended,208580,18267319,"Posted: 30 September, 2015",all,stevy_beevy,"Played this through for the second time. This is one of the quintessential Star Wars experiences. It's questioning of morality, challenging enemies, and outstanding RPG elements make it one of the best games ever made.I especially like the writing of the character Kreia, her motives that drive the narrative are fresh and enthralling.Love this game. Definitely worth any time you have."
,Recommended,208580,18256677,"Posted: 29 September, 2015",all,Baddamn,Best Star Wars RPG.
76561198200572519,Recommended,208580,18282466,"Posted: 1 October, 2015",all,Darth Riezan,"If you like RPGS then this one is a good one for your library, the story is a bit lacking then kotor 1 and sometimes the sound for me would cut out, but it makes up for it as you play and i do applaud the mod teams for there work good job and thank you."
76561198072876454,Recommended,208580,17997218,"Posted: 12 September, 2015",all,Sumerak,One of the best games ever made.10/10
76561197980910801,Recommended,208580,18111923,"Posted: 19 September, 2015",all,Haute DIO,"Totally broken in vanilla, super awesome with the Content Restored mod. The art style, writing, and difficulty are all elevated in this sequel. The influence system gives you the ability to change the alignment of your party members, meaning you're not restricted to two options if you're dark side. The levels are almost universally way too big and way too empty. The combat, feats and skills are all tweaked but largely unchanged from the first game. Some people say it doesn't 'feel' Starwars-y enough, but I loved the bleak tone."
76561198029238602,Not Recommended,208580,18108489,"Posted: 19 September, 2015",all,Razga3000,DO NOT BUY as the game is broken on Steam the resolution issue until Valve resolves it it is impossible to solve it. Common bypasses are not working on new pcs
76561197969457174,Recommended,208580,18109956,"Posted: 19 September, 2015",all,Trux3d,fun
76561198237469936,Recommended,208580,18209292,"Posted: 26 September, 2015",all,j.thomas_25,"Good game, but needs restored content mod."
,Recommended,208580,1422203,"Posted: 29 January, 2013",all,thorvindr,"FINALLY THIS GODDAMN GAME IS ON STEAM SO IT WILL RUN ON WINDOWS [XP OR LATER]!!!Okay. Now that's out of my system: onto the actual game review.First, the bad. The story is just okay. It's not bad, but it's not exactly rivetting, and it's downright boring the second time through. The inventory system is still held-over from Baldur's Gate and KOTOR 1. It's completely unmanageable without a notepad. If you're following the chronology of Bioware games, this won't be fixed until Mass Effect 2, and it gets worse before it gets better. The fact that you can make any character a Jedi is cool, but it makes any levels taken before that absolutely worthless. Once you can use a lightsaber, even owning anything else is just stupid.Now the good. The story is pretty okay. It doesn't have great re-watchability, but I did find myself caring about it the first time through. For the second playthrough, it's a serious chore to skip through all the extensive dialog. The fact that you can make any character a Jedi is really cool. Gameplay-wise, it's a little hokey, but story-wise it's really neat. And let's face it, lightsabers kick♥♥♥♥♥This is a pretty good execution of the Dungeons & Dragons/Star Wars d20 system. It's far more playable than Baldur's Gate 2 (in my opinion), and much more fun than Neverwinter Nights (again, that's just imho).The AI. Hmm. What can I say? Like much of this game, it's okay. You can absolutely just keep track of one character and let the rest do what they want, and you'll be okay. But if you pause every round and issue specific orders to each character, you'll be done with battles a lot faster and probably live longer.Overall, I like KOTOR 2 better than the first. I prefer the characters, I like that the interactions with your party members affects the game, and I like that any character can be apprenticed as a Jedi. It's also great that you choose an actual Jedi class right off the bat, rather than choosing a non-Jedi class initially, then having to essentially start a new character once you become a Jedi. But the story is very simplistic, the inventory system is still a mess and the graphics were mediocre even when the game was released.So I give KOTOR 2 a B-. Objectively, I suppose it should be a little lower, but this is one of the Star Wars games from the golden age of Lucasarts, so I'm a bit biased."
76561198045403026,Recommended,208580,18249796,"Posted: 29 September, 2015",all,Sanastus,"Where to begin...Knights of the Old Republic 2 takes parts of the first game and makes them slightly better. But also takes aspects of it and makes them worse. Its hard to say if this game was a ""good"" game. Story wise the idea and concept of the exile had me lost from the start. Not caring who I was playing, I'm just a exiled ex-jedi wanting my precious lightsaber back. The story slightly picks up as you explore the plants and find the jedi masters but once you find them the game snowballs in a very werid direction. Leaving me only to beat it....to beat it. Even at the end I laugh to myself asking WTF was that. Where it does that part wrong, it adds some more depth to the worlds and have you return to some twice to finish main plot lines;That is something the first one didn't have. Party members was a huge plus, adding more interesting characters and having HK back in the scene.Character development had some change to it as well with the secondary class selection about mid game, adding 3 sub classes you could follow to expand your ability. Gameplay was bugging, sometimes having my character stand still with actions/attacks in his que and not doing anything. Standing idle while being molly whopped by lightsabers....not so pleasant. Small bugs through the games added up to just be a nuisance; As the Environmental suit in the Alien bar not showing when Mira was in it, the constant getting stuck trying to open a container. ALL I wanted was my loot but no I had to stack twitching and couldn't open my container, I had to have one of my trusty side kicks do it.Minus the negative parts they released a huge update to the game which made it up to date with graphics and to play on full resolution. It looks beautiful and blew me away when I booted it up. Great job there guys.Story: 5 / 10Gameplay: 6 / 10Visual/Audio: 8 / 10Entertainment: 7 / 10Controls: 6 / 10Final Grade: DReplay Value: HighI Recommend this game just for it is a sequal to a amazing game and the update they did was just remarkable for this old game."
76561197977968687,Recommended,208580,18254136,"Posted: 29 September, 2015",all,elborya,"One of the best games I've ever played. I cannot praise it enough. The gameplay is easy to understand and deep, but the true genius of this department is that it takes all we know about the items of this universe and it makes them interesting to tinkle with. However, the real strength of this game is the story. Forget about ""I am your father"", this game contains incredible stories for its characters, specially the protagonist, the one around the story revolves around. True genius and a real development of the concept of the Force. Prepare yourself to be amazed."
,Recommended,208580,27378597,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,The Mighty Monarch,Probably the best Star Wars game ever created.
76561197984753973,Recommended,208580,27378877,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,cossackbueh,So dang good.
76561198137053003,Recommended,208580,27373957,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Ghost381,"Yes, you will probably have to mod this game in order to play it all the way through(restoration content mod).Yes, you probably still will encounter bugs, some of which may require you to start over entirely (always have more than one save file).And yes, you will love every minute of it, simply because this game is worth it. Simply put, its one of the greatest RPG's out there. It's fun, intriguing, intense, and, best of all, it's Star Wars. It might be old, but great games never die, and KOTOR 2 is certainly one of them."
76561198071675409,Recommended,208580,27219227,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Leliouria,Even better than the 1st one
76561198036510575,Recommended,208580,27220455,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Oricuss,"With the Restored Content mod installed, this is easily my favorite RPG on the Citadel. I've probably played through this game at least a dozen or more times on the various platforms i've owned it over the years."
,Recommended,208580,27282712,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Pioneers Here,This game is the love of my life and will continue to be so
76561197983381900,Recommended,208580,27300981,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,YtheName,A true Classic- I haven't played the steam verison but i have numerous playthroughs on the old xbox. Great stroy line that still holds well today.
,Recommended,208580,8286154,"Posted: 25 December, 2013",all,「RxSora」♪,Lost my chips through playin cardsWent for a drive on my sweet bikeWon and got more chipsWent back to gamble againRinse and repeat;10/10 would throw away my chips to RNG
76561198030685297,Recommended,208580,27071916,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Jamion,A great game despite being rushed out before it was done.
,Recommended,208580,27252376,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Dunstark,A game that has truly withstood the test of time. It was even improved recently with the addition of official mod support.
76561198119860543,Recommended,208580,27360986,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Leonardo Leviathan,"I love being able to replay this game now with mods. I've played the game in the past several times with out them, and its was graet game back then. But now I can play it differently with mods ever since they added the steam workshop."
,Recommended,208580,27366397,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,MA$TA BRUCE,"Haven't played it yet, just wanted the steam badge. :evilwonkers:"
,Recommended,208580,27364741,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Keanu_Dracula,Long live Obsidian and the survivors of Black Isle!
76561198045894300,Recommended,208580,27318452,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,WerePug,Sith Lord for Life!
,Recommended,208580,26942692,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Jirafa Nihilista,"I really wish KotOR I would also get some sort of Workshop support, since the modding community allows for an incredible experience by giving you the option for several graphic improvements, restoring cut content and fixing minor details for this rare treat of Star Wars Expanded Universe.Even though it's not considered canon anymore, every Star Wars nerd should walk the path of the Exile Jedi. It's hours and hours of healthy nerdism <3"
,Recommended,208580,26918804,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,BMK3000,very pycological but needs restored content mod
76561198046212679,Recommended,208580,26963318,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,MaddAdam,"I must have played at least 500 hours of this game in my life. It's one of those games that's really great, it isn't perfect, but the things it does right, it does really right."
,Recommended,208580,26956023,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Maxpegasus,"One of the best RPG's out there, seriously buy this game now!"
,Recommended,208580,26949775,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,yung,Still worth playing to this day. I highly recommend this game.
76561198087552802,Recommended,208580,26953275,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,foamyyyyy,Talk them to death
,Recommended,208580,26823616,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Demo,Pure Pazaak
76561198203103028,Recommended,208580,26817804,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,hacksaw2736,Still one of the best RPGs to date.
76561198069665030,Recommended,208580,26986165,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Obetydlig Sten,Eversense I was a little kid I've played this game and i loved every single moment of it. I've play through this game 3 times now and i still don't find it boring. This game has a lot of replay value and is a must buy for every Star Wars fan.
,Recommended,208580,26989065,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Boss Bozo,"Does alot of things better then the first game, but a few things worse.worth a purchase if you enjoyed the first game."
,Recommended,208580,20023768,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,g h a d i l l i,"Beyond a shadow of a doubt the best RPG I have ever played.Oh lord, where to begin with the positives? For brevity’s sake, I’ll stick to short bullets.+The story is unique in the Star Wars universe. Where others, including this game's predecessor, tell the story of a hero rising to the occasion, TSL tells the story of the force itself. Without getting too deep into it and spoiling the story, we learn through our experiences as The Exile that the force can be wounded, and killed. We learn that there is power beyond anything anyone has seen, and that the power to consume is in itself consuming. And, like the previous entry, that not everything is as it seems. Obsidian has shown in their subsequent games that the stories they tell are larger than just the player, that there are unknown and uncontrollable forces fighting to change the world, and their first game is no exception.+The music is fantastic. Not only does it set the tone perfectly for every area you’re in, it does so with some of the best and most memorable pieces I’ve ever heard. Some of my favourite music ever has come out of this game. If you haven’t heard Ruins of the Jedi Academy and wept, find it on YouTube.+The character writing is excellent. Now, most people say this when they mean the writing is simply good. Not here. Everything, from the Hitchhiker’s-esque, over-the-top, homicidal HK-47, to the held-back tears and regret of Bao-Dur, to the various Jedi you meet on your travels, to the characters you speak to once, all of it is written with care, love, and most importantly, skill. Even the weakest characters are better than anything I’ve seen in other recent RPGs (ME3…).+Combat is fun. While some fights can be downright unfair, for the most part, the combat is fun and can appeal to both those who don’t give a damn about their character’s stats and just want to see the story, to people like me that want to min-max every game they play until it’s down to a science.+The modding community is still alive and kicking. Even after what could have been a crippling blow in the sudden and unexpected death of filefront, the community has restored nearly all of the lost content, and more is on the way. New and fantastic mods are beginning life and being released all the time, and there are countless resources for making KotOR2 a more enjoyable experience through modding. From the ever-helpful subreddit, to the famous Deadly Stream community, mods will keep this game alive long after the Devs stop updating it. Speaking of which:+The Devs still care about the game. Over ten years after its initial release, an update for the game was released adding, among other things, High-res support, Steam Workshop support, Steam achievements, Mac and Linux support, Native Widescreen support, and so much more. Not only did they add all of this, they also worked with the TSL: Restored Content Mod team to have their game-restoring mod ready for the Steam Workshop in launch day! That, as well as the fact that Obsidian is still actively petitioning Disney for the rights to make KotOR3, or a spiritual successor set in the timeline of OT. Now tell me that ain’t dedication!There are very few complaints I would levy, but here they are:-The combat is bipolar. If you pay attention to your stats and make sure that you have on the best gear you've got, you can plow through every mob you meet.Tip: Insanity + Force Storm + 30+ Will = A Breeze, even on the higher levels. Even without exploiting the infinite XP room, you'll become pretty darn powerful by the end. Then, all of a sudden, a Boss shows up and kills you in one hit. Not only that, but he's immune to all of your crowd-control powers to avoid taking hits! This means you have two options: 1.) Drop the difficulty to Easy for the fight or 2.) Spend hours grinding XP until nothing can kill you, ever. Not super Fun.-Some of the acting doesn't live up to the writing it's portraying. The first two to come to mind are Atris and Bao-Dur. They're written extremely well and have amazing backstories, but their actors are either robotic or whispering every damned line like Marky-Mark in The Happening. It's a weakness I wish had been addressed before it was out, but Obsidian was on such a tight schedule, you can understand having to accept some less than stellar performances.-The base game is sparse. During the development, there were a lot of grand ideas for what kinds of stories would be told. KotOR II promised to be grander than its predecessor by a large margin, telling not only the story of the Exile, but also of all of her companions. From the few returning characters to the vast array of new ones, the original vision was going to be immense. Unfortunately, as the deadline for a christmas release got closer, more and more of this glorious content was cut. Luckily, Some if it has been resurrected by the modding community, but only so much was left in the game files to be resurrected.For the sake of brevity, and avoiding spoilers, I’ve not gone into any of the nitty details that make this one of the best RPGs of all time, and easily the best Star Wars game ever released (I hear 1313 was looking really good before it got canceled, and I like giving the benefit of the doubt). And now that it has Workshop support, and TSLRCM is as easy to install as clicking a button on steam, there's no reason not to play it. So, take a hopeless nerd’s word for it, if you like Star Wars, you will like this game, and even if you don't there's a good chance you'll like it anyway.It's a shame I can only give it one thumbs up."
76561198026456354,Recommended,208580,26989648,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,EnglishMuthaFuka,With so many different ways to play and outcomes for your decisions I've played through this game countless times. Plus who doesn't love a great Star wars story. If you haven't played KOTOR 2 or the original I'd highly recommend it.
76561198260445248,Recommended,208580,26519495,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,ImperialWolf,"I would argue its even better than KOTOR I so long as you get the ""Restored Content Mod"" that's available on Steam."
,Recommended,208580,26980789,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,zind,"Get this, get the restored content mod (TSLRCM), and play it."
,Recommended,208580,26980989,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Besic,"Probably my favorite Star Wars game ever, I come back to it at least once every year or so and do a play through."
,Recommended,208580,26979488,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Snapy,"Still stands out today, beating many games that come out today with story and mechanics.Hands down a great Star wars and RPG experience."
76561198122467676,Recommended,208580,22112170,"Posted: 28 March, 2016",all,madgodhesian,"Possibly one of the best star wars games to exist. This game is filled with many twists and turns, rights and wrongs, lefts and rights, and light/dark/grey; but all circles around one word... malachor. That name will be ingrained into your mind from start to finish with this amazing game. To not buy this game would be apathy, and apathy is death."
76561198008056560,Recommended,208580,26841198,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Ser Scrubbehh,Pretty damn good.
76561198089043918,Recommended,208580,15267384,"Posted: 8 April, 2015",all,rybeaty,"This is by far my favorite game of all time, narrowly beating out its progenitor: Knights of the Old Republic.This game has all of the depth and fun play from the first title in the series but adds in improved companion stories and more time to play as a Jedi. Instead of becoming a Jedi halfway through the game you start out as a Jedi and then gain an advanced Jedi class approx halfway through the game.10/10. Most fun game I've ever played."
76561198023163724,Recommended,208580,15164524,"Posted: 1 April, 2015",all,\(ExP)/ VirginHarvester,"I love this game. It's tone and characterization are so much different than KOTOR1, but it still feels like Star Wars. The combat I enjoyed from the first game carries over and so does the amazing character relationships. The new tone takes the story to a very grey spectrum that gives a nice new look at the world of Star Wars. What I think is great though is how the sequel actually improved some features I did not expect. Several new animations for combat and new effects for powers gave the game a refreshing look despite the almost copy and paste attitude of a lot of the game.However... this game is ♥♥♥♥ing buggy. I've had it crash on me so many times and that was before I added the restoration mod. But now I'm stuck on a major story point where everytime I try to advance, my game freezes and crashes. I'll probably replay it since I love this game and want to finish it, but several bugs like this disappoint me as a fan of the game."
76561197994483394,Recommended,208580,15118017,"Posted: 29 March, 2015",all,KA,I loved roaming around in my ship with my mates and being a cool Jedi and stuff. Good story! Very memorable while sadly quite rushed.
,Recommended,208580,15231067,"Posted: 5 April, 2015",all,Zeus.Sama;,"I've played this and the first one.both are great.dont look at steam time, cuz i've beaten them all before on sexbox aswell as played it offline on steam.starwars fan or not, the series is good.just a heads up, i never had any fps problems or anything like that, however other people tend to claim it crashes for them.just make sure your computer has better stats than the minimum and you should be fine."
76561197972500477,Recommended,208580,15234892,"Posted: 6 April, 2015",all,PORSCHE CAEYENNE SPORTWAGEN FAN,Hk47. again.
76561198213838144,Recommended,208580,15241182,"Posted: 6 April, 2015",all,SurPlusSoniC,When i downloaded kotor 2 every time i try to open it says there is a problem then it closes please help
76561198044252118,Recommended,208580,15131740,"Posted: 30 March, 2015",all,mad_sphinx,One of my favorite games of all time :)
,Recommended,208580,24674957,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,TestingBear,Great game. 10/10. Wow!
,Recommended,208580,24528568,"Posted: 25 July, 2016",all,Hodor,"Knights Of The Old Republic 2 is one of my favourite games. I find myself drawn to both KOTOR games and even after multiple playthroughs I come back and start again just because it's fun. The storyline is all right (the previous game was superior in that field) but this game improves upon the previous game's mechanics.Overall, this is an incredibly fun game. If you plan on buying the game - don't use mods on the first playthrough (although this is just my opinion). After that though, pick up a few mods from the Workshop to enhance the experience and also use the Restored mod to fix some bugs and bring in some new content that wasn't implemented."
76561198140593778,Recommended,208580,24886069,"Posted: 13 August, 2016",all,Psyko_K1d,"Adding mods is a must as the vanilla game is kinda ""meh"" but overall I love this game and in the 30 hours ive spent playing, i have yet to finish it. (added extra story mods). I just wish this game was apart of the Star Wars Canon."
76561198134156239,Recommended,208580,25122889,"Posted: 24 August, 2016",all,dellwolfdog,This game has an engaging story with interesting characters that take you down many different avenues that lead to a variety of adventures. Despite the year released this game is still good and the graphics are decent. Awesome game.
76561198273761751,Recommended,208580,25196249,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,RYNOLizzard,"One of the best Star Wars games easy 9/10.Pros: Story is very engaging until last 1-2 hours. Great characters and character dynamics, making your aallies a jedi or sith along the way is genius. Great combat, its very simple but is really fun. Fantastic villains: Kreia as the main villain that you dont realize is the villain until the end that manipulates you and your friends to get what she wants, Sion is also good, He wills himself back alive with the force with destroys him and all he wants is his masters approval, and last but not least is the villain you think is the main villain but isnt, Nihlus. There is two types of good villains the one with a good motivation that makes sense or thinks he or she is doing the right thing and the cold, ruthless killer that has no regard for life and craves power. The second one is Nihlus, He is so cold that he literally forgot he was a man at one point. He destroyed a planet by using only a force drain power and he hold his crew as hostages that dont realize they are. He is also intimidating by not being able to see his face he seems like a monster which is what he is and by barely showing him in the game it adds to the intimidation factor.Cons: At some point the story feels like it is missing something which it is because the game was rushed but it still is a good story with some plot points that lead nowhere like the HK-47 copies that hunt you down just kind of dissapear and you dont get to go to the factory which is hinted at.There is also some bugs, sometimes it crashes, some muddy textures appear at times, you can somtimes get stuck on a rock or something like that without touching it but you can move away from it, but it is annoying.Overall a fantastic game that isnt quite like the orignal but still awesome."
,Recommended,208580,24930867,"Posted: 15 August, 2016",all,Simon5,"Great RPG. Could use some patches to fix problems with multiple screens though. Also it doesnt have ragdoll :(but the story, the gameplay, the options in the game... amazing. Definitely worth the money."
,Recommended,208580,24931432,"Posted: 15 August, 2016",all,Studdos,"Star Wars Knights of the Old Republic II - The Sith LordsIt is by far one of the most amazing games I have ever played. From the story to the dialogue and the thrill of it all makes it a very good game especially for one so old. I recommend it to everyone seeking a fun RPG-like game such as this because they certainly won't regret it. The community mods improve the experience too, 10/10"
76561198029972739,Recommended,208580,24927544,"Posted: 14 August, 2016",all,44,"My favorite game ever, the world is just so good and you have the ability to roleplay characters leading to vastly different experinces. It's really good the only game that makes you feel like you're a jedi. The only thing that isn' perfect is the combat, it's adequet and fair but not really exciting.Obsidion adds great writing and a amzing questions of morality and what the jedi should and shouldn't do. Seriosuly buy it the world design is just amazing and makes you feel like you're doing things on really pretty planets."
76561198207440685,Recommended,208580,24958098,"Posted: 16 August, 2016",all,walton989,This game is amazing when moddedhowever withou the slrcm it is a mess
76561198071942865,Recommended,208580,6669173,"Posted: 5 October, 2012",all,djcowman,If you have never playeed either one I suggest start with one and then play this one
,Recommended,208580,26259108,"Posted: 27 October, 2016",all,Corpse_O_Clock,"Played this game years ago on the original xbox console, when it was riddle with bugs and pretty unplayable.  Never finished.  Picked it up on steam, sat in my library for years before finally getting down to it and playing.  Worth the wait.  Restored content mod is a must.  Playability is fantastic, native controler support is nice since I stream to my livingroom via shield TV.  Started romance line with Visera,♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥off handmaiden.   handmaiden still obeys my every order and will fight to the death for me.  Talk to her outside of missions and I get ""There's nothing to discuss""  and no convo options.  Typical woman.  10/10 for realism."
,Recommended,208580,26364730,"Posted: 1 November, 2016",all,czar.maxwell,"Oi vey, it's really hard to say whether I prefer this or KOTOR I. KOTOR II is opaque, morally ambiguous, and expands on the parts of the KOTOR experience you would almost least expect out of a ""proper"" sequel. There is a lot of delayed gratification inherent in the narrative and gameplay. Even if you play it with the restored content mod it never gels together as one satisfying package like the first game. And it's a tad glitchy.But if you played the first and are looking for more I would not hesitate for a second and in fact implore you to purchase this personal favorite rpg of mine. The gameplay is largely the same as it's predecessor, but features some cool additions like battle styles (which can be used to skew your stats for fighting groups vs single enemies for example). The best new feature is easily the follower persuation system which allows for complex relationships to develop where for example: the main character's deeds bring out a surprised reaction from a team member during play, which can usually be discussed in dialogue and justified in a thoughtful or blunt way, which depending on the action and who you are talking, can result in them empathizing with your cause(or not). Obviously not all the characters and dialogue are perfect, but in general the quality of writing is extremely high and on occasion is so good it transcends the medium entirely."
,Recommended,208580,27552233,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Ibispi,"Statement: KotOR 1 and this game are the best RPG video games ever made by organic meatbags.Correction: KotOR 1 and this game are the best things ever made by organic meatbags.Observation: There a lot of negative reviews on this platform for organic-meatbag gamers.Query: Have those negative reviewers installed TSL Restored Content Mod?Observation: If not, that would be the cause of their troubles. Silly organic meatbags."
76561197964981099,Recommended,208580,27540103,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,ThePlayMaker,"This game is not just a well conducted Star Wars title offering all the important ingredients a Star Wars related game should have - like orignal music, interesting companions, dark vilains, funny episodes and it captures the true Star Wars -but also a great RPG.Why?It offers various character customization, several routes you can go with , crafting, looting, fighting, unique items to collect andmost importantly it challenges you with hard decisions to make, that changes the course of the game.A great game overall. 100 % recommended"
76561198022482575,Recommended,208580,27544330,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Professor,"With so many reviews already available, I doubt I can make any significant contribution so I'll just share an observation: With so much criticism focused around diverse cast of characters in video games, KotOR 2 still has the best female characters to date and should be used as an examplar approach to writing deep characters that enrich the experience on multiple playthroughs."
76561197968731244,Recommended,208580,27537151,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Maestro,It is a very fun game but it can be dificult at times.
76561197967679983,Recommended,208580,27991309,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Dustov,One of the best starwars games ever made. Still more fun than most games that are released today
76561198119142435,Recommended,208580,27957223,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,The Finnish Brother Slav,"It is now as amazing as it was almost 12 years ago. A rpg in, which you a hero go and explore the galaxy of the old republic. Use lightsabers and the force, meet amazingly great companions and live (again) through a greatly made story with the addition of steam workshop. 10/10 would play many more times again."
,Recommended,208580,27970411,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Brother Wing,"It's a classic and it rocks, add some mods for the scaling and maybe the graphics and you're good to go."
76561198050534153,Recommended,208580,27971763,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Nagase,"This game is unfinished and unpolished, but why do I upvote it?Even though it might have some curious bugs (random crash, character freezing, ...) and a not-so-good-looking graphic, it has something magical: An amazing in-depth sense of philosophy, which goes far beyond the Star Wars Univers itself and touches reality each day.If you are able to ""see"" through the lines and begin to question mark your everyday decisions, then you will begin to understand - like the exile, you will follow her path.* You will be deafened.*** At last you will hear.* You will be broken.*** You will be whole.* You will be blinded.*** And at last... you will see.Every single thing we do, every single word we say has an influence over our counterpart who listens. But how far does it truely reach? How far does the echo truely travel? Did you ever ask yourself, how much influence you have on others life?Maybe, this game is for you; maybe not. Take the experience and do whatever you want, because it's not a game, it's a life experience.And once you might come back to this game after a time, you might think: ""It... It is different, it has been some time."""
76561197969384623,Recommended,208580,27971768,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,The GrandMaster,"This game is amazing, and with TSL restored content mod being integrated into the Steam version of the game, this is a must play!"
76561198099399658,Recommended,208580,27972502,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Vraccas,"I first played this game back in 2008, and I loved it then. Recently, I rediscovered it on Steam, and I love it just as much as I did back then"
76561198115820748,Recommended,208580,27874216,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,3ravagedballoons,"A solid RPG and a solid Star Wars game, which unfortunately cannot be said about most of them that fall into those two categories, KOTOR 2 is a worthy succesor to KOTOR 1, with better graphics and more polished mechanics than its predecesor. The story and characters are rather well fleshed out and I'd recommend this game to any RPG fan, however, not without using the restoration mod and them being aware of that stupid bug which causes the game to crash if you don't untick fullscreen (Which still hasn't been fixed on Steam after all this time.).P.S.The Restoration Mod does fix that bug I mentioned up above."
76561198168896436,Recommended,208580,27746499,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,RyShark28,I thought it was a lot of fun but I stopped playing because it didnt feel like a true successor to the original Knights of the Old Republic which is one of my favorite games of all time. I will recommend it though because it is fun even if the first game is better and has a better plot
,Recommended,208580,27747961,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Binari,Good Stuff
,Recommended,208580,27786004,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,js.cfc94,"Just like the first KOTOR, this is on of the best games ever"
76561198033985065,Recommended,208580,27885525,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,vickclint,"Defines what a true RPG is. If you want a game that will take up your time and immerse you in the story, this is it. Hopefully we can all look forward to KOTOR III one day."
76561198236639888,Recommended,208580,25681507,"Posted: 24 September, 2016",all,AzraelTheGreat,"Loved this game when it first came out! Love it even more now that it can be modded as well as improved!You want this game, one of the best RPGs of all time."
76561198074872679,Recommended,208580,26103624,"Posted: 18 October, 2016",all,CaukasianNinja,"Knights of the Old Republic 2 was a childhood favorite of mine that I originally picked up on the X-Box. The PC version is just as good, and with the restored content mod (TSLRCM) it is even better, filling in a lot of holes and rounding out the story (as well as fixing some bugs). A great Star Wars game, and probably the best Star Wars RPG out there."
,Recommended,208580,27532938,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Tea Wrecks,It will always be my favorite RPG.
,Recommended,208580,27556795,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Vanilla Ice,Best game.
76561198124874602,Recommended,208580,27396650,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,MacNcheazy,10/10 Would slaughter everyone as a Sith Lord again
,Recommended,208580,27522289,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,♛ Imperium ♛,"A lot of bugs and glitches, but overall I think it was a great sequel to the original"
,Recommended,208580,27513013,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Pepsi Man,"This is an old game that has aged welll, but don't buy if you are looking for a game with beautiful graphics and next gen gameplay... KOTOR II is an amazing RPG with a great storyline that changes based on the decisions you make.Make sure to get the Sith Lords Content Restored mod as it adds much of the originally intended storyline that was not put in the original game..."
76561198039779428,Recommended,208580,27500430,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Morgoth,Best card game since Tetra Triad.
,Recommended,208580,27571280,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,farrelNZL,"The best Star Wars game, still hoping for a sequel"
76561198076647967,Recommended,208580,27575606,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,j.sorel.bnaut,One of the best plots in the history of video games
,Recommended,208580,27566122,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Nicholas B. F-132,"Star Wars Knights of the Old Republic II: The SIth Lords, loved it back on the original Xbox and now it has mods? Its become ten times better thanks to those! BUY THIS IF YOU HAVEN'T ALREADY DONE SO!"
76561198340868959,Recommended,208580,27566506,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Juancho,this game is soooo awesome the only thing i dontt like is the problems of playing it in windows 10
,Recommended,208580,27467868,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,知识就是力量,Great game.
,Recommended,208580,27590327,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,bejavier,Love it!
,Recommended,208580,27592294,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,pak-76,The best game of all times
,Recommended,208580,27547535,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Monkey D. Luffy,A very good game.
,Recommended,208580,28153125,"Posted: 2 December, 2016",all,sladewilsonfriend15,For many in the gaming community this game was an example of what could happen to a good game if it is rushed. At release this game was BEYOND BROKEN and at the time of it's release I could not recommend this game do to that. However times have changed. With the new patches this is one of the greatest Star Wars games of our generation.
,Recommended,208580,28166364,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,Tejas Yak,Better than The Force Awakens. The main characters being overpowered makes sense. I wish Disney was as smart as Obsidian.
,Recommended,208580,27900482,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,MutzMutz,"Got it on disc (in French, yuck), finished it 4 times.Got it on Steam (in English yey!) but didn't touch it much. Don't let the playtime fool you.Get it, get the mods (restored content), play it.This game, is one of Obsidian's best.Word of advice: play Knights of the Old Republic first, you'll want the back story."
,Recommended,208580,28264343,"Posted: 8 December, 2016",all,John,"The first one is better.The second one makes you think more.The third one might have been game of the year material.The actual third one is fairly good, and would be better without EA up it's♥♥♥♥♥ Which is why we'll never see the 'true' third one.I can kinda recommend it, but only if you're a Star Wars fan and want to complete your experience. It's not nearly finished enough, even with the restoration mod to call it good enough in my opinion. What they set to accomplish, a different kind of story, they accomplished, but left too much on the cutting room floor.It's almost more of a side story if you look at it that way hard enough. It's less of a story to save the galaxy and more of one of finding yourself.6 Lightsabers out of 10 Meatbags."
76561198350845876,Recommended,208580,28281174,"Posted: 9 December, 2016",all,UltraSaiyan419,"I just started playing this game today, it's already getting interesting and I can see why it's regarded as one of the best Star Wars games ever. For an older game, it really knows how to gather an audience. But I haven't seen anything yet.My rating: 4 1/2 out of 5 stars."
,Recommended,208580,28251163,"Posted: 8 December, 2016",all,JavvieSmalls,Make a new one ffs
,Recommended,208580,28274530,"Posted: 9 December, 2016",all,Fly nICE,nice
76561197997880852,Recommended,208580,28274668,"Posted: 9 December, 2016",all,saucin' and boolin',"not much to say that hasnt already been stated. i myself am not a huge star wars fan, but the KOTOR series has made me more interested than ever before in the franchise. this game extends beyond just a great star wars game though, its one of the best RPG's ive ever played."
,Recommended,208580,22880040,"Posted: 9 May, 2016",all,Tigrovica,░░░░█▒▒▄▀▀▀▀▀▄▄▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▄▄▀▀▀▀▀▀▄░░▄▀▒▒▒▄█████▄▒█▒▒▒▒▒▒▒█▒▄█████▄▒█░█▒▒▒▒▐██▄████▌▒█▒▒▒▒▒█▒▐██▄████▌▒█▀▒▒▒▒▒▒▀█████▀▒▒█▒░▄▒▄█▒▒▀█████▀▒▒▒█▒▒▐▒▒▒░░░░▒▒▒▒▒█▒░▒▒▀▒▒█▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒█▒▌▒▒▒░░░▒▒▒▒▒▄▀▒░▒▄█▄█▄▒▀▄▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▌▒▌▒▒▒▒░▒▒▒▒▒▒▀▄▒▒█▌▌▌▌▌█▄▀▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▐▒▐▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▌▒▒▀███▀▒▌▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▌▀▀▄▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▌▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▐▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒█▀▄▒▀▄▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▐▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▄▄▄▄▒▒▒▒▒▒▄▄▀▒▒▀▄▒▀▄▀▀▀▄▀▀▀▀▄▄▄▄▄▄▄▀░░░░▀▀▀▀▀▀▒▒▒▒▀▄▐▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▐░▄▄▄░░▄░░▄░▄░░▄░░▄░░░░▄▄░▄▄░░░▄▄▄░░░▄▄▄█▄▄▄█░█▄▄█░█▄▄█░░█░░░█░░█░░█░█▄▄▄█░█░░░██░░░█░░█░░░░█░░░░█░░░█░░█░░█░█░░░█░█░░░█▀░░░▀░░▀░░░░▀░░░░▀▀▀░░░░░░░░░▀░░░▀░▀▄▄▄﻿
,Recommended,208580,28041434,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,neonrag,"My favourite game for so long. I nominated this for a steam award in my own category called ""Games I wish they would remake"". If you have never played this, do yourself a favour and buy it."
,Recommended,208580,28309241,"Posted: 11 December, 2016",all,RickGastly,Excellent game although the first game has a better story. It took me over 50 hours to complete this game so about 10 hours more than the first game.
,Recommended,208580,28349087,"Posted: 13 December, 2016",all,Toast Toaster,Most confused I've ever been playing a Star Wars game.Solid 9/10 with TSLRCM
76561198128860621,Recommended,208580,21104023,"Posted: 10 February, 2016",all,Solus,"""It is said that the Force has a will. That it guides us. I hate it. I hate that the Force has a will of its own. But in you I see the death of the Force"" Buy the game, and learn why the Force may not be good a thing as you think. Also ignore the talk about how Sentinals are not good in this game. I played one and absolutely destroyed each enemy"
,Recommended,208580,21012416,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,MrMcFries,"The King of RPGSSo lets be brief:Pros:-Amazing Story-Great Choice System-Great Turn Combat System hybrid-Great Crafting System-Great CharactersCons:-Some parts are a bit too difficultI love this game! And if you are going to play it, be sure to get graphical mods!9.8/10"
,Recommended,208580,21112986,"Posted: 10 February, 2016",all,Ryan,Playing again for the first time in a long time. Absolutely awesome gameplay.
,Recommended,208580,21093389,"Posted: 9 February, 2016",all,Rusty,This is a timeless classic with a great story. Buy it!
,Recommended,208580,21920045,"Posted: 19 March, 2016",all,woah,"If I were stuck on a desert island and I could only choose one game to play on it, I'd choose this one.Infinite replayability, 10/10"
,Recommended,208580,21821342,"Posted: 13 March, 2016",all,Shambles,Good♥♥♥♥♥♥
,Recommended,208580,21842103,"Posted: 14 March, 2016",all,BioOrc,"The best port of one of the best cRPG's ever made. Awesome dark story, very cool mechanics and so many possible outcomes of players' actions. Now also with gamepad support and no issues running on W10 with panoramic screen. Would be bad not to have it in your collection."
,Recommended,208580,21844266,"Posted: 14 March, 2016",all,Merwin ™,"What can I say about this game particular,  this game is the finest STAR WARS game ever crafted, in terms of storyline, in terms of beautiful graphics that made in the day, what a strong recommended game even if youre not a SW guy, because the lovely Tactical RPG. enjoy this game with love, and dont get fustrated, always remember the force is always with you"
76561198015389047,Recommended,208580,21809862,"Posted: 13 March, 2016",all,Sir Lobsterbib,"This game is not better than KOTOR but I love it. If they made a sequel, It would ruin my life. I would drop out of college, sell all my possessions, and mainline ramen noodles as I descended into Jedi v. Sith harmony."
76561198095407216,Recommended,208580,21839465,"Posted: 14 March, 2016",all,Morph,The best story-driven Star Wars experience you can find in a video game with the best antagonist since Darth Vader. Install the restored content mod and play it.
,Recommended,208580,21910066,"Posted: 18 March, 2016",all,Cipher009,Second best Star Wars game right below kotor.
,Recommended,208580,17102486,"Posted: 17 July, 2015",all,MetalMouthZilla,"At Atris, Atton and Kreia just stay at the door, I cannot interact with Kreia and Atton just gives me 2 cheat nodes, after talking to Atris, nothing happens, and they stay in the same place and do the same things. What can I do ? But still, love this game!"
,Recommended,208580,17111671,"Posted: 18 July, 2015",all,Phex,If I see one more idiot attacking a Jedi with a blaster pistol ill kill them myself. -HK-47Dialogue:10/10Characters: 8/10Story: 9/10Gameplay: 7/10
76561198100305902,Recommended,208580,17212712,"Posted: 24 July, 2015",all,TriCobaltGaming,"As excited as I was to hear this game got modern support (I've never played it before) I'm going to go ahead and say wait to get it until it's fixed, Their controller support completely broke my game.  When I use anything to control it (Mouse and keyboard work, and XB1, nope) The camera just keeps spinning to the left.  I've been searching for days for a fix. NOTHING.  as of right now, don't get it. I'm sure it's a great game, but I can't allow people to walk in blind and pay for a broken piece of software. If it gets fixed, totally get it. but I haven't seen a fix so far. Let's hope the guys who made the update are still looking around for problems.EDIT: Okay, I'm pretty sure I've found a fix, if you run this game in the legacypc beta version, It works... :D I'm having fun so far"
76561198145031093,Recommended,208580,17275220,"Posted: 28 July, 2015",all,Stratopizza,I remember playing kotor 1 and being blown away by how awesome it was infact both kotor's are on my best games of all times list but going into the second one i was dissapointed by it. until they updated it now with the restored content mod and workshop support and all that the game holds its own as a great successor to a great game!
76561198132430142,Recommended,208580,17275618,"Posted: 28 July, 2015",all,jdetlie512,"Let's get the obvious out of the way: yes, the graphics and animations are hilariously dated. Yes, some of the voice actors should probably have pursued other lines of work. Yes, it's still got glitches and bugs out the wazoo, even with the excellent Restored Content Mod. But, you know what? This is still one of the best Star Wars games, and one of the better RPGs ever made, period. If you're a Star Wars fan who hasn't played KOTOR yet, buy them both and play them through in order. You won't regret it.ProsThe Force powers, influence, and alignment systemCompanions are varied, interesting, and most of them can be trained as JediFine addition to the Star Wars mythos (not that it matters now that Disney's continuity-bombed the EU, but still)Steam has the Restored Content Mod, which patches in a lot of the content that was altered or cut by Obsidian so they could meet their draconian release timeframeConsJanky animationsDialogue doesn't always flow naturallyStill buggy as all get-out, even with the RCMDat ending still kinda sucksOverall, I definitely recommend this game, especially for only ten bucks. And, seriously, get the Restored Content Mod. I can't applaud those guys enough for their work."
76561198110168037,Recommended,208580,17276032,"Posted: 28 July, 2015",all,STARBOY,"Just make KOTOR3 now, Obsidian. It'll take time due to the high graphical update and high engine improvement but I can wait another 10 years."
,Recommended,208580,9113670,"Posted: 14 February, 2014",all,Bull Durham©,Great game since the update.
,Recommended,208580,17282634,"Posted: 29 July, 2015",all,Whaat,"This game is great! The new update finally made this game playable again!Still no real ending. That is a bummer,The scenery and gameplay is refreshingly updated.I gave this game a 9/10 when I first picked it up back in 2004. even comparing it to games of today, it stays at a 9/10 today!  THIS is how you Star Wars."
76561198006667205,Recommended,208580,17286904,"Posted: 29 July, 2015",all,KHADY93,"KOTOR II still holds up after 10 years. On max settings, the graphics are surprisingly sharp (except the character animations), and the new resolution support only helps the textures look cleaner and crisper than ever. The game's storytelling is nothing short of fantasic, and I'm genuinely surprised by how uniquely each moral side can play out throughout the game. This is role-playing at its finest."
76561198161058026,Recommended,208580,17361723,"Posted: 2 August, 2015",all,v2jello,"This is a game you play for the story. It is maddening that it was rushed by Lucasarts and came out incomplete but fortunately dedicated fans have brought us mods that help diminished this. Anyone who wants an interesting take of the Star Wars mythos should check it out.Compared to its predecessor, you notice a huge difference in atmoshpere. The first game feels like an adventure movie, the Star Wars movies to be specific, and the sequel feels like a far more personal experience. Characters are more developed and interacting with them feels more rewarding than what was seen in KOTOR 1.This game is far from perfect but it has qualities that make you see past it failings."
,Recommended,208580,17363052,"Posted: 3 August, 2015",all,Bum,"Saw this game on sale recently for about $7, more than a lot of newer games in the same sale. Why? Because despite the aging of the game's graphics, and even if you're not a diehard Star Wars fan, it's an amazing game.KOTOR 1 was also an amazing game, and it's hard to compare them because other than the basic combat and conversation gameplay they are so very different. KOTOR 1 is Star Wars as we know it; lowly character discovers the Force and slowly becomes the most powerful person in the galaxy, with a very clear divide between good and evil.KOTOR 2 is a different beast; you can still choose light or dark, but in 2's story it doesn't change who you fundamentally are. Instead of a conquering hero, you're a rogue ex-soldier following your own path. 2's story is much darker; no one knows or cares who you are, and when you eventually succeed it's in a far corner of the galaxy that everyone else has forgotten.Like the first game, the protagonist has huge baggage from before the plot, though unlike the first game the main backstory point is morally ambiguous. Where KOTOR 1 is the typical Star Wars story played straight in all it's glory, 2 is a complete deconstruction of it, going as far as to label Dark side as pragmatic and Light side as naive and stagnant.The other aspect of the KOTOR series thats propels it to greatness is the NPC companions, and in 2 they are much more fleshed out. Not only do each have an individual influence bar, but their alignment will change to reflect or oppose yours depending on how much influence you have. In addition, the roles of your main two companions are reversed from the first game: Instead of goody-two-shoes Carth, your roguish soldier is now morally ambiguous, and instead of Light-with-Dark-shades Bastila your main mentor is hardline grey who calls you out for being pointlessly good or petty evil. This game takes binary Star Wars morality and turns it on its head, and while it doesn't hit every note it still is a much more engaging experience.The combat is unchanged, but the new crafting and loadout system lends it more depth. The conversation trees are better than ever, with many more situations with multiple outcomes including those with your own crew. The planets on the whole are probably not as vast and interesting as the first game, though some locations are revisted after the sequel time skip which adds value for veterens.All up, this game is a must-play for fans of good RPGs, Star Wars, the first KOTOR, or the idea of grey morality itself."
76561198177712259,Recommended,208580,17320264,"Posted: 31 July, 2015",all,kmbrigg2,awesome
76561197991859938,Recommended,208580,17320283,"Posted: 31 July, 2015",all,Koji |{night,"If only all games could get such an update so late in their lives. Gamepad support is awesome, steamworks support is amazing, added widescreen and 4k resolutions are incredible and that's nothing to say of the game itself which is as amazing now as it always was."
76561198087835651,Recommended,208580,17322697,"Posted: 31 July, 2015",all,"Jack ""Losing My Mind"" Kennedy",10/10 would Master Critical Strike again.
,Recommended,208580,17322765,"Posted: 31 July, 2015",all,-Nimmy--Jewtron-,Get kotor 1 first but good9/11
76561197977878853,Recommended,208580,17323111,"Posted: 31 July, 2015",all,Chameleon,"Amazing game! Each KOTOR I have run through them at least 9-10 times. I try to play them once a year.The first time I played back in 04 or 05 I was hooked, had never played a better RPG."
76561197973551777,Recommended,208580,17323988,"Posted: 31 July, 2015",all,Maggot,"Fantastic game! My play time on steam is not an accurate account of my total time playing this game.  I love the game mechanics and combat, the story in the this game is not quite up to par with the first one. However, I think with addition of the Steam Workshop it will be exciting to see what new content the community will create for it."
,Recommended,208580,17324077,"Posted: 31 July, 2015",all,Tommy Tryhard,My game play may only say 6 hours but rest assured i have put hundreds into an origional CD of this game since it came out. This game still holds its weight against many RPGs today and I have to say that this does almost everything right. If you are looking for a new RPG to play then go no farther that this game and its previous one.
,Recommended,208580,17324806,"Posted: 31 July, 2015",all,Comrade Cheesy,Absolute must have for any steam library.
,Recommended,208580,17325725,"Posted: 31 July, 2015",all,Rifleman399,Still a great game despite its age and definetely worth the price.
76561198065413056,Recommended,208580,6397404,"Posted: 12 January, 2013",all,RS_Fulliron,"Probably one of the best older RPG's ever, just behind KOTOR 1"
76561198012330091,Recommended,208580,17326588,"Posted: 31 July, 2015",all,cwcolin56,"While the first SW KOTOR tells a better story, SW KOTOR II -The Sith Lords has better graphics and controls including nicer inventory and character development trees etc.   Basically the identical setup just nicer more user friendly and visually appealing gameplay."
,Recommended,208580,17328640,"Posted: 31 July, 2015",all,vivapinat13,"May modders be with you, always. This game F***ing rocks. Like amazing, now is it perfect? no. Does it have a semi rushed conclusion because obsidian was rushed and the retoration patch could only do so much? YES!!! BUT is this game so much fun that you don't care? Yes. Rise as the exile and play as Jesus/Satan on your journey for the truth and to be nice/to enslave the universe. The characters you fly with are awesome and *spoilers* by the end of the good guys you are leading an army of ""Ultimate Badasses"" and by the end of the sith you're just Satan, with an army of slaves. So are some mechanics not great? yes, but in the end the fun story, the heavy and impactful choices, the morality of the story and just everything you wished for in The Old Republic is here. While this may not have been written by Star Wars super writter Drew Karpyshyn (look him up, I'm not joking, he is like Star Wars game story superman) this game is still an amazing tribute to the original Knights of the Old Republic and I cannot recommend it more! 10/10 GameIgnSpotSpyYourMom."
76561198050233928,Recommended,208580,17334366,"Posted: 1 August, 2015",all,NinjaLizard13,"For those of you having crashes after character creation like i was, iv been able to finish the tutorial but havent tested the rest of the game yet by downloading the game, running it, downloading the restored content mod, running it setting resolution to the biggest non-fullscreen one i can, turning off soft shadows and frame  buffer effects. Hope this helps anyone raging from not being able to play an amazing rpg."
,Recommended,208580,17160084,"Posted: 21 July, 2015",all,Torbesh,"Really wanted to play this, unfortunately this version is a total mess. I only wish Steam had it's refund policy in place back when I bought it.____ UPDATE 7/25/2015 ____OK, thanks to person that told me that game was patched the day I initially posted review. I re-installed game and I can now actually play it. Wow, I've never seen a game get patrched this late after release, and am impressed by that alone. So far I have just gotten past prologue and awakened from Kolto slumber. Just added The Sith Lords Restored Content Modification, and will continue from here. This is my first playthrough.Looking forward to many hours of what appears to be a great story, and will have to try both a lght and dark character. I will give an updated review after playing more, but for now will change my recommendation to positive based on the update patch alone.May the Force not destroy us."
,Recommended,208580,15734165,"Posted: 7 May, 2015",all,Chaos Sigma,After I complete the turret minigame while trying to escape. it crashes and says it has stopped working. Can someone help me???
,Recommended,208580,15842570,"Posted: 15 May, 2015",all,௵ Corn Nuts,"If you haven't played Star Wars Knights of the Old Republic, then stop looking here go buy that game, beat it, then come back here to this page and finish reading the reviews.Welcome back, and now that you have played and beaten the first game, this one is just like it, with a few extra kickers, making your OWN lightsaber, more customizations, no, it is not the first game but it is a good sequel and will finish another segment of story line that you have been addicted to from the first game. Plus many more areas to explore."
,Recommended,208580,15847547,"Posted: 15 May, 2015",all,KingAaronIV,"Quite possibly my favorite game of all time. I love the story this game has and the characters are not only interesting but have interesting backstories. However, I must warn you this game is old. It has several bugs that may be gamebreaking for some."
,Recommended,208580,15659057,"Posted: 2 May, 2015",all,agingerpleb,Got backstabbed by the first person I met and eventually killed them 8/8 would get backstabbed again
76561197966986156,Not Recommended,208580,15664804,"Posted: 2 May, 2015",all,AH64_Jimbo,"After character creation screen, game will not load. Very disappointed, because I both liked and had no problems with the original KOTOR!"
,Not Recommended,208580,15624671,"Posted: 30 April, 2015",all,cdgc25,the game itself is the best ive ever seen but my copy is fuzzy patchy and broken ive re installed it over and over n yet its still broken such a shame really wanted the stroll down memory lane with it :(
,Not Recommended,208580,15625006,"Posted: 30 April, 2015",all,AnimajaFlux,no it doesnt work
,Recommended,208580,15655107,"Posted: 2 May, 2015",all,CO240,"Old but doesn't matter, it's a jewel.As for the bugs, the TSLCM almost every quest bug.Recommended for everyone who likes Star Wars for it's ambience and jedi stuff."
76561198057092104,Recommended,208580,15645628,"Posted: 1 May, 2015",all,shera88,please please port to mac!!!
,Not Recommended,208580,15657299,"Posted: 2 May, 2015",all,Pyromanical Walrus,"So many bugs and errors as to make it unplayable, The first game was amazing and I was looking foward to playing the second as I never go around to it but with the ammount of bugs i've encountered just trying to load the damn thing I don't think that is going to happen."
76561198100897162,Not Recommended,208580,15639404,"Posted: 1 May, 2015",all,reaper3bot0,really disapointed it doesnt fit my hd resolution 1080*1920. ...I genuinely like this game thou. But thoughourly catatonique failure in the resolutions u can play in....
,Recommended,208580,13976592,"Posted: 13 January, 2015",all,Retro Electro,"Definitely worth it, especially if you are a fan of games using the d20 system. Arguably better than the first (espcially with the restored content mod).HOWEVER BE WARNED IT CANNOT RUN IN HIGH RESOLUTION AND THERE IS LITTLE SUPPORT FOR THIS"
76561198069644556,Not Recommended,208580,13977293,"Posted: 13 January, 2015",all,wyattxx,the screen is way to smale for my laptop and thars no way to fix it i tryed makeing it as big as i can and it still only takes up like half the screen
,Recommended,208580,13978594,"Posted: 13 January, 2015",all,Forsaken,"5 Stars, easy!"
,Recommended,208580,960661,"Posted: 6 June, 2013",all,El Miguelion,"Great RPG, especially with that patch that restores missing content."
76561198121890903,Recommended,208580,28028398,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Russel Coight,great game 10/10
76561198046305002,Recommended,208580,28007415,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,bobpots59\,"Unlike swkor 1, this game works really well ony my modern computer. There are none of the numerous bugs noted in the first game, and many of the intial problems have been ironed out. If you like this era of RPGs, then this is a great game."
76561198059575424,Recommended,208580,28035113,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,Pepe do mercado transhumanista,"Very, Very good game, just buy it!You won't regret with you like a game with wonderful story and freedom to chose your path as you play.One of the best games I have ever played, it was released in 2004 but it is 2016 and it is MUCH better than all the released games of these years, I strongly recomend you to play this masterpiece!!!"
,Recommended,208580,28037620,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,Nash'iri,best star wars game ever made
,Recommended,208580,28027243,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Ithra13,This game is worth playing despite it's age. I would suggest you look up at least a rudementary guide and apply some basic mods though.
76561198025382809,Recommended,208580,28028092,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Axis Shepard,I will say this the game stands up to the test of time but now as I come back years later I see how without some mods the game feels alittle unfinished.
,Recommended,208580,28460506,"Posted: 18 December, 2016",all,Dougie Jones,"Despite some bugginess and weird difficulty spikes, this edition is the best way to play KOTOR II. With a narrative that allows you to become an Overman-like figure and literally fight a physical manifestation of nihilism, KOTOR II has the most unique narrative in all mainstream Star Wars, even if it flaunts main series tradition by doing so."
76561198272240048,Recommended,208580,28472331,"Posted: 19 December, 2016",all,FandomGod,"No review needed, best game to ever experience."
,Recommended,208580,28472108,"Posted: 19 December, 2016",all,WarlordofBritannia,"I was going to quote HK-47 but....1. Everyone has already done that2. I can't choose his best quoteSo instead I'll sum up this game's philosophy in the words of Kreia:""Direct action is not always the best way. It is a far greater victory to make another see through your eyes than to close theirs forever."""
,Recommended,208580,28454438,"Posted: 18 December, 2016",all,Aecease,Just finished Peragus
76561198255986022,Recommended,208580,28452510,"Posted: 18 December, 2016",all,ThePyroGamer2,"Okay, THIS GAME IS ONE OF THE GREATEST STAR WARS GAMES IVE EVER PLAYED"
76561197972160778,Recommended,208580,11776497,"Posted: 19 August, 2014",all,Mystified,"This game got alot of stick back when it 1st came out, now that the restored content mod is at 1.8.3 i'd highly recommend people give this a play through, so much has been put back in & the loot that was so stingy in the vanilla game has been boosted, having got a bit jaded with swtor i returned to kotor 1 & 2 for a star wars fix, and i have played this way more than the 1st 1 over the last few months."
76561198258054926,Recommended,208580,28381028,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,FlamingPeacock420,"Great game, I have beaten it multiple times and every time I have a new playing experience."
76561198010849793,Recommended,208580,28382788,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,The Pilsbury Plougher,"TSL has many flaws. Peragus can be long and tedious for a first-time player, the game's difficulty bottoms out the farther you go, playing as your companions can get dicey if you haven't been giving them good gear, by the end of the game you have a surfeit of powerful artifacts and more money than god, but, really, all these are incidental. The gameplay is entertaining enough that it manages to fulfill its primary purpose: smoothly ferrying the player from conversation to conversation, from cutscene to cutscene, allowing one to enjoy the unique, atmospheric setting and complex characters. Welcome to a story situated in the Star Wars universe where the battle of good and evil is divorced from the battle between Jedi and Sith, where the fatalistic viewpoint of the Force is brought into question, and where the overarching plot is subtly driven by the inner conflicts of the main character.(Get TSLRCM, the restored content mod, or the game will be much worse.)"
,Recommended,208580,28321716,"Posted: 11 December, 2016",all,GrayKnighted,"This is just a classic overall Star Wars Lucasarts title. If you played it when it came out, or if you've never seen it, it is a fun easy play. Super simple combat, great canon story line. Considering I am hoping that some time in the future we see Old Republic movies coming out of the new Disney driven franchise, this is a great buy for anyone looking to expand their knowledge of the Star Wars Universe beyond the Skywalker family."
76561198079890854,Recommended,208580,28330362,"Posted: 12 December, 2016",all,OpticDuckling,This is one of the best KOTOR games in the series....Although this game is old in comparison to SWTOR it is still one of the Best RPGs ever created.
76561198256676695,Recommended,208580,28412766,"Posted: 16 December, 2016",all,Everything Can Happen in Iceland,"This is by far one of the best games I have ever played, despite all the lag it is definently worth the buy. That is if you you like being a god diety character in video games. (I hope you do because if not then this is not the game for you.)"
76561198278256154,Recommended,208580,25793275,"Posted: 30 September, 2016",all,SuperN0vaCK,"KOTOR is easily my favorite videogame of all time, so I was very excited to find KOTOR 2 on steam. I had been wanting to play it for years, and it never occured to me to look it up on steam.I feel like this is a worthy successor to KOTOR. I just finished it, and I already  want to play again! However, I ran into a few bugs that would skip cutscenes and cinematics, meaning I would have to go to the movie viewer to see what I missed. Once I get a better computer, I plan on replaying this gem with mods and such, and to do stuff I didn't do my first playthrough. Now I want to play KOTOR 1 again too haha.I had heard that the ending or whatever was bad, and I can kinda tell obsidian cut a few corners, but it honestly was not a big deal to me. I was able to follow the story pretty clearly myself. If KOTOR was a 10/10 (which it clearly is), I feel like this would be a solid 9/10. The refined mechanics, nuanced story, darker tone, and interesting characters should be enough for you to pick up this game if you've played Kotor 1."
,Not Recommended,208580,14963974,"Posted: 19 March, 2015",all,Bf1zz1e,I can't get the game to start...
76561198038940587,Recommended,208580,15106808,"Posted: 29 March, 2015",all,A petrified old woman,"I absolutely enjoyed playing this gem of a cRPG. The sequel to KOTOR. It is in my opinion, better than it's preceding game. The influence system is brilliant, the combat is much improved. My only gripe is that Obsidian didn't finish the story."
76561198098404029,Recommended,208580,14819632,"Posted: 10 March, 2015",all,King Feraligatr,"I don't know which KOTOR I really like better, but speaking I tend to spend more time on this game than KOTOR 1, I think I might like this better overall. While the atmosphere of the game isn't as good as the first one, it's still not bad. Like most Obsidian games, one of this game's gimicks is high quality writing, and it delivers (mostly). This game is not like most Star Wars works, being a deconstruction of the series and featuring more black and gray morality than most Star Wars works (I'll leave it up to you if this is a good thing). One of your companions is basically the head writer's author avatar in a sense, which can cheapen her character at times (not like that's she's not already annoying at times). Try this if you're a Star Wars fan, you liked the first KOTOR, you dislike the Star Wars series and you wan to see it railed on, you want a deconstruction of some RPG elements, you like Obsidian or Chris Avellone, you like good quality writing, or so on. And this goes without saying, get the Restored Content Mod. This game is notorious for being mega rushed and having major things cut out. I'm not done with my RCM mod playthrough, but I'm already noticing differences.Also, ignore the low playtime. I have played this game quite a bit and must have beaten it at least twice."
,Recommended,208580,14316565,"Posted: 3 February, 2015",all,Kanav,The Most Epic sequel to the Most Epic game in the History of Mankind10\10
76561198065172387,Recommended,208580,7945256,"Posted: 6 December, 2013",all,FullOnTaco,kicks all the♥♥♥♥
76561198035313195,Recommended,208580,7755876,"Posted: 25 November, 2013",all,Owl goes w00t,"Honestly one of the best RPG's I've ever played. The game definitely has it's problems, most of them stemming from Obsidian not being allowed to finish the game properly (Thanks for that one LucasArts)The game does definitely have it's rough spots though, like when they force you to play as only your party members, and not your main character. They do that a lot, especially in Nar Shaddaa, which is a pain in the♥♥♥♥♥ Nar Shaddaa is IMO the worst planet in the entire game, it has a cool athmosphere to it, but when you actually get to it it's just really goddamn annoying. You would think that the Smuggler's Moon would be one of the best planets in a Star Wars game, but it definitely isn't (IMO)Regardless of it's rough spots, it's a fantastic game, and I will definitely recommend playing it.I will also recommend downloading the Restored Content mod, it adds a few things that were missing from the vanilla game that really adds to the game in a meaningful way, and it adds some pretty cool stuff in general."
,Recommended,208580,4633188,"Posted: 27 December, 2012",all,L Ψ Kongroo,"KOTOR II picks up several years after KOTOR I, and the game by and large has some major HUD and weapon customization improvements. T3-M4, HK-47, Canderous, Carth, and the Ebon Hawk all make returns (not all for the better), but this game delves deeper into Revan's history as a Jedi, and in turn the PC of this game who served under him.  If you enjoyed KOTOR I, you will enjoy KOTOR II.  The story is just as solid and while some characters are less interesting in KOTOR II (Canderous), others are more interesting (T3-M4).  There are some trade-offs to be had, but by and large 2 is a better game than 1."
76561198015450897,Recommended,208580,7832958,"Posted: 29 November, 2013",all,DETHNDESTRUCTN,"I was worried this one would be as good as the first from other reviews I'd heard about it.It was basically more of the same, but that was exactly what I wanted. If you played the first one and want more, this is a great choice."
,Recommended,208580,8385919,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,Camcharmar,"This game is an awesome follow up to the first KOTOR.  Although very buggy, there is a popular Steam guide for adding the extra material that was cut from the game.  The mod adds a lot of gameplay, story, and fixes most of the common bugs.  I highly suggest it."
76561198044264784,Recommended,208580,8287279,"Posted: 25 December, 2013",all,gffishdragon,"While not without its flaws, KotOR a stellar example of a true rpg that I am sure influenced Bioware's later work. I would highly reccomend this game to someone looking for anyone a wonderful experience, forcefull gameplay, and a great story."
,Recommended,208580,8265557,"Posted: 24 December, 2013",all,porkghop,Fun game issues with newer hardware but all are solveable with some effort.
,Recommended,208580,8323328,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,JesusTheCommunist,SO FUN
,Recommended,208580,8323509,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,KingScrapMetal,"I beat it in September, a week ago, and I'm replaying now. When I saw this game on sale, I couldn't get enough. The graphics may leave something to be desired and in many ways, the game feels unfinished(It actually is), but it's not hard to look past those few problems when you dive into this immersive world. KotOR: II has an atmosphere that is sure to bring Star Wars fans hours of joy and any RPG players as well."
76561198041964725,Recommended,208580,8328289,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,Sc@r3Cr0w,"Definitly one of my favorites, and easily one of the best games of all time. Originally had it for the X-Box, but I must say that I like it much better on the pc. Only downside to the game is all the bugs do to the premature release. Fear not though, it is an easy fix. All it takes is a mod. Then you can bust sweet ninja jedi, or sith, moves to your hearts content. If you're a Star Wars fan or just a fan of RPGs this absolutly a must have."
76561198067253433,Recommended,208580,8417567,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,TheMightyProphet,More like Jedi of the old republic. I never wore a suit of armor. I also never saw an old republic.
76561198120306009,Recommended,208580,8404498,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,Cordude The Great,how do you add the mods to this game?
76561198015130044,Recommended,208580,8408093,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,sirmordale,Awsome with the restoration mods.
76561198093809485,Recommended,208580,8408146,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,cartrez,"Not as good as the first, but still an absolutely amazing game. Must play for any star wars fan. Make sure you get the restoration mod for a more complete experience."
76561198067351622,Recommended,208580,8419677,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,unbarretable,"Though incomplete, this is another entralling, fantastic sequel whose story hasn't, in my opinion, been matched by any game I've played. Download the Brother of Shadow mod and the ""Complete the story"" mod with the HK factory, and it's even more amazing"
,Recommended,208580,8422889,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,Dan706,"Clunky combat, average graphics (even for the original release date iirc), but a great story. Feels like it could do with a little polish, but a great game overall."
,Recommended,208580,484607,"Posted: 20 July, 2013",all,notto,Not a bad game however it was never a completed game and thus has alot of bugs.If you wouild like to get the most out of this game with minimal problems you will need to look at the sith lords restored mod.It fixes problems as well as enabling alot of missing content.I consider the old republic to be one of the better Star Wars games out there however it still is not as good as the force unleashed or republic commando.When it is on sale for around $5 proberly not a bad buy though!
,Recommended,208580,8319289,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,SHODAN,"This is probably one of the most tried and true Star Wars games ever conceived. Up there with its predecesor KOTOR I, and its succesor SWTOR, there is no other Star Wars game with such a feature-rich D&D based engine, developing story and wonderful scenery that closely matches the SW universe. While officially under the wing of Obsidian, Bioware's touch remains true, and while not entirely as good as the first KOTOR, Kotor II still delivers. By far the BEST of all of the Star Wars games.R.I.P. LucasArts ~ We may not see a game in the SW franchise as good as this for some time."
,Recommended,208580,8321712,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,nkdinz,love this game.... RPG and Star Wars in ONE! A Shame they didnt make newer versions... althought the new MMO is not bad... but that kinda doesnt end... haha
,Recommended,208580,2030357,"Posted: 22 December, 2012",all,ImmortalDreamer,"If you like Star Wars and RPGs, you will love this game."
,Recommended,208580,27228095,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Max,"Great indepth story that makes you question your own morals. Gameplay is a little dated, but still worth it if you enjoy Star Wars and want to get immersed"
,Recommended,208580,27228187,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,SolarDagger,"Even after over a decade since this game was released, this is still my favorite game ever. Growing up with it let me play it over and over and over again, and I was never bored. I will continue to play this game for years. So yes, buy. this. game."
,Recommended,208580,27101572,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,komeR!,"Best RPG ever made, don't argue just deal with fact."
76561198087198291,Recommended,208580,27129672,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Sorjin Ruse,One of the best games I have ever played. It's an oldy but a goody. Have sunken enough hours on PC and the original Xbox. to last a lifetime. 10/10 Keep playing again and again and again...
76561198085091226,Recommended,208580,27090721,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,fLiPPsTeR,"A true classic, this game has aged like expensive, high-quality wine. Buy it and don't forget to download the Restored Content Mod.""Recitation: Yes, as I said, I am an assassin droid. It is my primary function to burn holes through meatbags that you wish removed from the galaxy...Master. Oh, how I hate that term."""
,Recommended,208580,27078626,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,darknessfallen16,"This game is just as good as the original, and my second favorite game (kotor 1 being the first). Wish they would do a remake of both of these games."
,Recommended,208580,27078961,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,matt,Never gave this game a chance in the past. Huge mistake. Just recently started playing and I can't put this down.
76561198025646644,Recommended,208580,27237266,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,SjoStopper,"This game has stood the test of time, and will always be a great classic for me. I've played it on CD a lot more than on steam so hours are off a bit."
,Recommended,208580,27238251,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Inquisitor Chan :3,Muku czaka paka!
76561198069177923,Recommended,208580,31030591,Posted: 8 April,all,Prowler477,"A fantastic sequel to a better prequel. More in depth combat, skills, powers and items while story is still superb but not on the caliber of Kotor I. Still waiting for acutaly Kotor III (no not Swtor). This is the 3 game you should really want."
,Recommended,208580,29978930,Posted: 16 February,all,Cremaster Dartos,"Absolutely fantastic game, a must have for star wars fans.This game was broken at launch, and still may have several bugs here and there however regardless, it plays well now. The recent update to this game has brought steam achievements and the biggest of all the steam workshop.Increased textures are not the selling point of this game. KOTOR 2 has to be better than KOTOR, the story is much more intriguing as you progress as you begin to learn about your dark past, much like KOTOR but with much more emphasis on other characters back stories. If you haven't played the first KOTOR please do it, the story continues from the last and really allows the chips to fall into place.MAKE SURE if you do purchase this game, head to the steam workshop and download the KOTOR restored content mod which adds much more gameplay and story which were otherwise rushed at launch."
76561198116895149,Recommended,208580,29963129,Posted: 16 February,all,mauro_off,"Not as well rounded as its predecessor, but it is still very enjoyable. The story is not as good, but the gameplay and dialogues are still top notch. I'd say this is more for Star Wars fans rather than exclusively RPG fans, since you can get a better RPG experience in KOTOR."
76561198376791052,Recommended,208580,31033326,Posted: 8 April,all,Zaphyra,Definitely a game any star wars or RPG fan should own.Thank you to all the people that worked on this game especially the voice actors and writers.
76561198047547993,Recommended,208580,29154959,Posted: 9 January,all,Waagenator,"This game is a masterpiece.Really does a great job making you ""feel like a Jedi"".The choices are hard, very robust and deep dialogue. Cool cinematic combat, endless customization etc.If you like Star Wars, RPG's, Epic storytelling, or games which require players to make difficult choices, you will love this game."
,Recommended,208580,446972,"Posted: 9 March, 2013",all,Night Fox,Awesome Game!
,Recommended,208580,6597741,"Posted: 2 October, 2012",all,Terantatek,Great Game! I highly reccomend downloading TSLRCM1.8 immediately after installing KotOR2 to your ProgramFiles(x86)>Steam>SteamApps>Common  Folder Located in your Primary Hard Drive Disk.
,Recommended,208580,28838975,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,gujabes,Hands down one of the best rpgs of all time
,Recommended,208580,28929200,Posted: 1 January,all,Aivoras,Very good game. wish there was a bit more in the areas but it is a old game
,Recommended,208580,28947869,Posted: 2 January,all,elizabeth my dear,Seems good.
76561198105096137,Recommended,208580,28953297,Posted: 2 January,all,Briee C,"This was my childhood game and this PC version is just as brilliant as the old Xbox version. Good graphics, smooth controls. And it's cheap :) Definitely would recommend!!"
76561198306448187,Recommended,208580,28962679,Posted: 2 January,all,Olz_Phd,Nostalgia at its greatest
76561198027103160,Recommended,208580,28911055,Posted: 1 January,all,Tidaldust,"One of the great ""what-might-have-been"" experiences in gaming. We al know the game got rushed out the door. The problem at this point isn't any of the bugs from the original release - it's that the strengths of the game, its plot and character development, get spotty in the end game. These aren't so much plot holes as leaps, the requisite polish for alternate play paths and whole narrative sections missing.It's a pity. This is the best Star Wars storyline I've seen. It beats the first game's obvious twist, and it does much more interesting things with the notion of the force than anything in the movies. Gameplay is cleaner and easier than the original and much fewer fetch quests on the side. Combat is still fun if a bit dated.Overall, definitely worth a buy and playthrough, but something just short of sublime."
76561198275495972,Recommended,208580,29010439,Posted: 4 January,all,lea.d,"Good game. Sometimes the missions are a bit long and you have to search for a long time for what you have to do (because for some missions, there is no log). The game is nice, the story too (except for the ending, which is, in my opinion, really disappointing). Works fine on my Windows 10 computer.Bon jeu. Parfois, les missions sont un peu trop longues. Pour certaines d'entre elles, il faut beaucoup chercher pour trouver l'objectif, en raison de l'absence de journal pour quelques missions. En général, le jeu est bien, tout comme l'histoire (excepté pour la fin, qui est selon moi très décevante). Fonctionne bien sur mon ordinateur Windows 10."
,Recommended,208580,29040934,Posted: 5 January,all,Dugory,Amazing Star Wars story! Must have.
76561198319691857,Recommended,208580,29056534,Posted: 6 January,all,HeartOfPixels,If your a fan of rpg and amazing stories you wont go wrong with this game.
76561198041545147,Not Recommended,208580,29045490,Posted: 5 January,all,shafer6494,"this is a terrible disappointment. i have played this game many times and i love it, i have never had issues until i bought it on steam. there are a number of glitches that i have never encountered before, the most aggravating is the fact that every time combat ends i can not move from where i was standing."
76561198113314769,Recommended,208580,28867813,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,TheRogueSniper,"This game is extremely great, if you are a fan of the RPG's and Star Wars Universe this game is totally for you. I had heard great things about this game, however I never wanted to play this. It was recently on sale and I can say this is probably one of the best games I have bought. 10/10 a MUST own for all RPG and Star Wars Fans"
76561198022075571,Recommended,208580,25839831,"Posted: 3 October, 2016",all,Tarcus,A worthy sequel but ultimately not as good as KOTOR 1 though. Still its a must own for RPG or star wars fans.
,Recommended,208580,28877069,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,Mudkip Murakumo,"This is by far the best Star Wars game I have ever played. It impoves on everything the first one did and then some. Star Wars Knights of the Old Republic II delivers an immersive world flushed out with in depth characters and lore. The story is an open canvas with your choices filling the story, Obsidian should be proud at the master piece they have created."
,Recommended,208580,29125305,Posted: 8 January,all,[1Manti]frogtux_xd,You decide if you play as Jedi or Sith. So you have to play it twice!
,Recommended,208580,28911477,Posted: 1 January,all,GiantStarkiller,Worth every penny!
,Recommended,208580,28883213,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,mmm.... appa joos,"After a lot of contemplating and a recent playthrough that went amazingly, I have came to a conclusion: The Sith Lordscanbe better than its predecessor. The mood and overall feel of KOTOR 2 is dark and eerie like something is definitely,definitelynot right here. While the first game had clear story with clear intentions, The Sith Lords seems vague throughout.I've completed this game actually many times (so many times my original disk broke so i bought it on steam). With most RPGs, I just skip over most of the dialogue tostart fighting already.But in my latest playthrough, I slowed down and listen to what most had to say. That was afantasticdecision. One character in particular had so many impactful lines I was amazed. I also discovered that both games in this series have unbelievable plot twists - the second of course being much darker and maybe more vile.Now, if you do end up getting this masterpiece on Steam youabsolutelyneed to need to getThe Sith Lords Restored Content Mod.It makes the game actually worth everything I just wrote about.The Sith Lords, is now to me the greater of the two KOTOR games due to its story, combat abilities, and crafting. If you enjoy more thought-provoking and mysterious plots, I recommend KOTOR 2. In fact, Ihighlyrecommend you play both games in this wonderful series.tl;dr is good, is dark, get the mod, play both games"
,Recommended,208580,28880076,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,kastodui,"It is truly an outstanding game for those great times. During my lovely childhood I've played it so hard, i even lost my count. The choices and possible scenarios are endless, it's almost impossible to beat it 100% clear in one playthrough, everytime you have to abaddon one thing for the sake of another and that fact will make you play it over 9000 times for getting all possible routes, again and again. And yeah, it's worth it.The plot is vast, it's just like a cool book with tonns of unraveled mysteries that will never end. The characters of the Old Republic (1st and 2nd) by far the best i've ever seen in RPG games. I mean, just look at the date! The game is ""not new"", and most of RPG standards were dictated by it long time ago. That game is such a precious thing, you simply cannot ignore. Things will become even more tasty, if you download deleted content from workshop.Recommend both parts as a big fan of Star Wars universe and RPG lover.P.S. For more information check Wookiepedia.P.S.S. Waiting for HD versions of both parts and the 3rd part."
,Recommended,208580,28903957,Posted: 1 January,all,PhanTomato,Still my favourite star wars game to date.
,Recommended,208580,29011664,Posted: 4 January,all,Adductius,Great game that really captures your attention and wastes your time well. Played 100+ hours of this when I owned the hardcopy of it and the 29hr I have right now were played in the first week of downloading it on steam.Excellent story line with options of light/dark side options (many of which are surprisingly comical).Planning on doing another play through soon!
76561198090021360,Recommended,208580,29032528,Posted: 5 January,all,sherexie,Used to play this game back when it first came out and i loved the Kotor series ever sence. If you like good rpg's and starwars i would highly recommemend this or Kotor one. The graphics may be a bit out dated but if that doesnt turn you off then you shall enjoy the gameplay and story.
,Recommended,208580,27455755,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,B e t e l g e u s e,10/10
76561198083071250,Recommended,208580,29023020,Posted: 4 January,all,Joe Dirt,childhood classic right here. i play this♥♥♥♥♥♥atleast 5 times annualy
,Recommended,208580,29023271,Posted: 4 January,all,C0llin123,"I love this game so much. It is my all time favorite game! I have beaten it on already when it came out on the xbox, and I loved it. I'm playing it now on PC and it brings back so many good memories! This is a great game and I would totally recommend it to people who want to learn more about the vast past of Star Wars."
76561198236494234,Recommended,208580,29024583,Posted: 4 January,all,ANIKA,"Amazing! What a great game, recommended it for sure. Wish for it to have a sequel."
76561198094527792,Recommended,208580,28992801,Posted: 3 January,all,KJ Harkness,This game is just as good now as it was when it came out! 10/10
76561198071449848,Recommended,208580,29017285,Posted: 4 January,all,konstantinos,"Best game ever, even much better than kotor 1. It  has it own story and philosophy to share."
76561198336806313,Recommended,208580,28776454,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,Yeshmiyek,"Kotor 2 is a really good rpg that I reccomend if you enjoyed the first game, if you are a star wars fan, or if you like RPG's in general.  Downloading the The Sith Lords Restored Content Mod is a must as it adds in content that was cut from the game because of time constraints."
76561198032154124,Not Recommended,208580,28746748,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,Do the Sheckle Kekle,"This game shoulda been scrapped and given to Jawas cause it is buggy as♥♥♥♥♥♥ I loved the first KOTOR, but this one glitched my main quest to point of having to restart game, and then after that somehow it completely ♥♥♥♥ed up a quest on Nar Shadda so bad that Atton was permanetly deleted from my save and thus couldn't get any further in questline yet again.I have no clue how I managed to get such game breaking bugs since I have many friends who have played through this game without a single issue. But 2 game breaking bugs that corrupted my game to point of unplayability not once, but twice, before I even got a lightsaber or ability to train apprentices is just bullcrap.Not to mention I spent 5 hours on each save just running around to progress the game it felt like a ♥♥♥♥♥♥ MMO experience with the constant running back and fourth and no open world or combat for at least the first 5 hours, and if the late game is supposedly better the game sure doesn't want me to find out.I cannot figure out what caused me such game breaking bugs but I would just advise anyone else that plays don't try to start on Nar Shadda. No clue why it is so full of bugs but both my game breaks happened there and that is where I put up my hat and decided this game isn't worth the effort."
76561198020294870,Recommended,208580,31959086,Posted: 25 May,all,ZippyLemon,"Star Wars KotOR 2 is one of the best Star Wars stories ever in a game that turns the tropes of both the SW universe and RPG games into weighty philosophical story beats.It's an improved version of the gameplay of KotOR 1 with improved graphics and cooler lightsabre colours (yes I spelt it 'lightsabre').The world is in a harsher, more cynical, way more interesting state of affairs as in KotOR 1, we see more curious corners of it, and all the invidiual stories running through those places are fun to play through.The companion stories are badass and they all feed profoundly into the overall story arc, and it's EVEN BETTER with the TSLRCMod, which you can use because you're on PC. Go on, even the devs at Obsidian went on a fan podcast to sayit's the best way to play the game!Wait are you waiting for, you little rapscallion? Purchase this game by any means necessary. Play it. Play it again. Play it with your heart and mind. Love it. Tell your friends about it. Write a delirious review on Steam. Play it again. Complain @lucasarts. Whine about KotOR 3. Point out to them that Obsidian developers have not only explicitly stated they would like to work on it but also built a tech demo in the vein of Jedi Outcast (and it looks beautiful). For god's sake, tell @lucasarts that they need to repent for their sins in rushing KotOR 2 out early - before the ending was finished - and shafting Obsidian on the Metacritic rating. Look it up! Play KotOR 2!"
76561198379723370,Recommended,208580,31960365,Posted: 25 May,all,TheGreatJustino,"I'm going to name my firstborn after this game, and my secondborn after the first game. Solid 9/10."
76561198176447014,Recommended,208580,32026956,Posted: 28 May,all,OneStar,Prefer the first one however still the greatest rpg of their time and still the best today. Buy the game meatbags.
76561198022548818,Recommended,208580,31996714,Posted: 27 May,all,ANC REMEC,"This is one of the best RPGs I have ever played.  I liked the way the combat autopauses so it's not like a hack 'n slash and you can plan things out.  The story was surprisingly interesting and I'm not even a huge Star Wars fan.  I thought this would be a bad buy because it's kind of old, it turned out to be a great game."
76561198368339618,Recommended,208580,31824632,Posted: 18 May,all,waveydavey25,"I've played this game on xbox as well as on steam. Both versions are good, but the steam version is better because the restored content mod makes it a better game experiance. I would definately recomend this game with the restoredcontent mod."
,Recommended,208580,17205231,"Posted: 24 July, 2015",all,Doctor Mosquito M.D.,i liked nar shaddaa.10/10
,Recommended,208580,31853863,Posted: 19 May,all,WTBHTL?,Kreia. That is all.
76561198177302438,Recommended,208580,31874588,Posted: 20 May,all,Jkramer48,amazing story. almost flawless
76561198346626340,Recommended,208580,31875074,Posted: 20 May,all,llwchapman,get it
,Recommended,208580,21308172,"Posted: 18 February, 2016",all,Dave,Recommended
,Recommended,208580,31796292,Posted: 16 May,all,B U Y M Y B O O K O R D I E,"What nuance does the force have?That’s the question Obsidian asked themselves. Is there a Machiavellian equivalent in the Star Wars Universe?Do good things mean good for all or can dark actions beget positive outcome?These questions would have been answered, had Obsidian been given the time. But now we’re left with a story that does little to overturn the dichotomy of the force. The vestigial limb of this idea is Kreia.Kreia is difficult. As the game is today, you almost need precognition to guess what she wants from you. Doing good will often get you chastised by her, but do bad will get you chide remarks — both ending in influence lost.The only tell-sign that you’re down the right path is to say, “You’re right.” or “I’ll consider your teachings.” If by some happenstance you don’t see that option then you’ve really screwed up. But that doesn’t make her any less of a nuanced character. If anything she becomes more human by being difficult to please. But does it make for a better game?That’s how I’d query all the characters of KOTOR 2..So why do I recommend this?The characters do belong there — they have history with the universe. They breath their beliefs and exhale world-building that needn’t be expounded.Every character is more than they seem but stay human. Kreia is desperate. She is trying to impart knowledge that will make you grow. From her perspective, you’re an impetuous child who holds too much power but has so much responsibility.Nuance can be found in the dialogue, too.The writer has a secret they’re trying to tell you but they can only speak in enigmatic messages spread across multiple dialogues.And you’re the other. You’re the monster in the closet for this writer.Play this broken, rushed game. It’s probably good enough."
76561198131690901,Recommended,208580,31845612,Posted: 19 May,all,The Bedroom Slaver,"Well how do i put this kotar 2 is probable one of my fav games of my child hood and now , i dont really know how many times ive beaten it . So as a basic review i would have to say like 8.5-9/10 its a great game but there are some things that could be better for example the very beginning of the game is boring and annoying , on the up side the rest of the game is amazing lol . i would most defenitly recommend this game to any star wars fan or rpg fan . Its the battle style is fun and the abillity to custimze all the charicters makes for alot of different possablitys ."
76561198385530838,Recommended,208580,31894033,Posted: 21 May,all,isaiasruiz613,Great gameplay and story
,Recommended,208580,17183487,"Posted: 22 July, 2015",all,Haleat,Just got an update WHAT !!!
76561197992421855,Recommended,208580,31894475,Posted: 21 May,all,camdy,still love this game and it runs better on the linux steam os then on windows i find.
,Recommended,208580,31894007,Posted: 21 May,all,ashlandroadwarrior,"I got this game on GoG and it didn't work at all on my Windows 10 laptop.I ended up buying it here on Steam, and it runs perfectly.Make sure you get TSLRCM - but do not get it from the workshop if you plan on using other mods, and mods from other websites. Go toDeadlystream.comfor the best KOTOR and KOTOR II mods - that's just my honest advice.If KOTOR is A New Hope, TSL is Rogue One.KOTOR II is fun, but it's really, really easy. The boss battles are disappointly easy, the mook hordes are ridiculously easy, but you aren't going to play this for bleeding edge 2005 combat - you're playing this because it has an incredible story with memorable characters.You'll get around 40 hours in a single playthrough, and with several combinations of class and alignment you'll get even more out of it. I wholeheartedly recommend this for Star Wars fans new, old, and on the fence.JUST MAKE SURE YOU GET TSLRCM."
76561198071685696,Recommended,208580,31957306,Posted: 25 May,all,manny-o-matic,"This game was incomplete when it was originally released, but has now seen some of the lost content restored. Flawed as it is, it is still a worthy sequel to the excellent original KOTOR. If you have played and liked KOTOR, get the sequel."
76561198381565551,Recommended,208580,31977198,Posted: 26 May,all,kristjanfrosti,"From what little I've been able to play of it, it's a great game. It has more or less the same controls as the first one, but better graphics. Only flaw, gameplay-wise, is the turn-based combat from the first game. It's frustrating when you're used to being able to simply bash your enemies to death in other games. But other than that, it's great.However, I have been unable to play much more of it due to the fact that the game freezes whenever I try to load the game, a similar thing happens when you try to load the autosave from the main menu in the first game. It's annoying and I wish I could get a patch for it so I can continue playing this awesome game."
76561198076872390,Recommended,208580,31982132,Posted: 26 May,all,slcowden6,"Amazing game, use the restored content mod"
76561198074663603,Recommended,208580,31600897,Posted: 7 May,all,Circus4APsycho,"Good, but not as good as the firstHad the odd crash here and there but ran very well on my system. (win7, i7 3770 & GTX 970)Some levels are particularly tedious but thankfully there is not many of them.Now again it's not as good as the first and it was obvious that the game was not as ""complete"" as it could have been, and the ending was not very satisfying. However i still recommend this game for RPG fans or star wars fans... (or both :P).A few tips i found that seem to help the game run better without crashing was to force v-sync in your Nvidia control panel or the AMD equivalent. Thankfully i had much less issues running this game than the first (which crashed a lot!).7.8/10 - Very good![penalties: v-sync issue, a few tedious missions, mission tracking is still (most of the time) unhelpful, oh and not making navigating new cities easier... for a while now people use these things called ""signs"" to help direct people to certain places, i know crazy right?]oh and before i forget, SAVE YOUR GAMEFREQUENTLY!"
76561198273721701,Recommended,208580,31615117,Posted: 7 May,all,gregb153,"This game is totally worth $2.49. Yes it is glitchy. I did not play it with the restored content. The game is long. It's fun. just be ready to hunt for the cutscenes on Youtube be cause they only work after the fact and then most times not at all. but I mean, it was only $2.49 on sale so... well done."
76561198219221896,Recommended,208580,31614703,Posted: 7 May,all,DragonPhoenix,"great second game to the star wars kinghts of the old games if you played the MMO but not this you are missing out a steo yo from the last game with newer graphics for its time and newer features, watch the first hour of play through blow if you what to see what the game is like for your selfhttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ii_TqQEA7e4"
,Recommended,208580,31623860,Posted: 8 May,all,<START>,play it.Just don't forget to remember to get TSL:Restored Content Mod to enhance the story.
,Recommended,208580,31628962,Posted: 8 May,all,212thBattalion,exxelent  game  had  the  cd  ages  ago   works   wellplay  it   it's  amazing   download  the  restoration  mod  too  make  it  even better
76561198349469183,Recommended,208580,31630485,Posted: 8 May,all,Kawzii -iwnl-,Nice Game!
,Recommended,208580,31635940,Posted: 8 May,all,Darth Vigorous,I can't I never played this game when it first game out in 2002 when I was in Fourth Grade? This game is liget! Tons of fun. The money was so worth it.
76561198103814927,Recommended,208580,31634577,Posted: 8 May,all,Owlan,"Incredible. 13 years after its release, this game still holds up.I have to say, I had my doubts  when thinking about buying this game or not, mostly because I wasn't sure if an old game would be good enough these days. Turns out that yes, yes it can.The graphics didn't bother me. Sure, the animations when the characters are talking are objectively bad, but it was easy to give it a pass when the rest of the game is so well done. If you like RPG that are very story driven, you should definitely give this game a chance."
,Recommended,208580,31634201,Posted: 8 May,all,ッ TheAsifsaj ッ,"Pretty good game. A bit buggy at times. Note: I played using the Knight of the Old Republic Restored Content mod.Sometimes, the movies wouldn't work and the dialogues would just be skipped over. When the dialogues were being skipped over, I quit the game and opened it, again, which solved the problem. The choices in the game actually matter for the story. Currently, I only played my first playthrough on the light side. The ending, without spoilers, is a bit abrupt and leaves you hanging. The gameplay is fine. At first, controlling your companions to do something was very annoying. I would recommend this game to any star wars fans. 8/10 HK47s."
,Recommended,208580,31610882,Posted: 7 May,all,Pingus,A nice Star Wars RPG
,Recommended,208580,31639832,Posted: 8 May,all,Pennywise's Balloon Weiner,atton rand owns this♥♥♥♥
76561198079615476,Recommended,208580,31659496,Posted: 9 May,all,CallMeStatic,"Man, ♥♥♥♥ Kreia"
76561198100914395,Recommended,208580,31673887,Posted: 10 May,all,CrimsonShadow96,"Fantastic game even with all the bugs in the original release version, but with the new patch that fixes all those broken story lines and unfinished quests; One of the best games ever made for any platform, bar none."
,Recommended,208580,1213568,"Posted: 22 December, 2012",all,No|aN,"buggy, but great"
,Recommended,208580,22098524,"Posted: 27 March, 2016",all,Terrnovella,"Truly a classic, great gameplay and story. The performance is great and it is really glitchy, and the graphics aren't all that good, but that can be expected as this game is very old."
,Recommended,208580,30197615,Posted: 26 February,all,Qag,I got a raging hard on from the first installment of this series staring at bastilas♥♥♥♥♥♥for ages. only problem i have with the second is lack of overly sexualised jedi consulars. 11/10 ign would reccommend.
,Recommended,208580,31739221,Posted: 13 May,all,moontype,This is truly one of my favorite games of all time ~ then learning KotoRII has some amazing retexture packs.. it's just like I've got the game all over again.
76561198052220685,Recommended,208580,31777918,Posted: 15 May,all,theshadowringer,"A sequel to an amazing story of Revan, a Jedi, a Dark Lord of the SIth, the greatest friend and foe of the Republic. This game takes a different turn as one of Revan's main Generals struggles to find their place in the Galaxy in exile. It is a wonderful story, with a great insight to the Old Republic Age. If you wish to know more about the Star Wars universe, then these two games are an excellent start."
,Recommended,208580,31730529,Posted: 13 May,all,Zombian,"Played on the Xbox years ago. Still a great star wars experience, probably even more so thanks to the PC. Easy to recommend"
76561198386722975,Recommended,208580,31738340,Posted: 13 May,all,DonaldjumpTrump,The game will get to the load screen and never load. Super sad because this is a fun game to say the least...
76561198144000271,Recommended,208580,27605962,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,nephilim2694,"This game is so old, but I remember spending hundreds of hours playing and replaying the story. Seeing all of the outcomes I could possibly get with each character and trying to max out all of my influence on my companions. This game will forever have a place in my heart that will bring me back to simpler times. It's pretty difficult though, even now in my twenties I still struggle to nit get a whooping in some areas."
,Recommended,208580,27632515,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,SlaggyWolfie,"One of the best Star Wars games in regards to RPGs, story, lore and (most of) the characters. I highly recommend downloading the The Sith Lords Restored Content Mod (TSLRCM) to get the most full experience out of this game.Also Steam Badge pls."
76561198006525779,Recommended,208580,27769464,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,cell5545,"just going to say, that i started it just to make sure it worked and ended up playing for 5.4 hours. I am enjoying it and hopeing you will to. it has a few errors on my windows 10 but it started right up with no finagaling needed."
76561198161037555,Recommended,208580,15084632,"Posted: 27 March, 2015",all,Stormtrouser,"Cons:-Has many Locked Areas due to the hurried/incomplete development-Many Plot Holes existPros:-Excellent Gameplay-Great Trading System-Product inflation/deflation depending on area-Integration into SteamWorkshop-Mods Exist that open and finish those locked areas-Different options exsist for dialogue choices-Every action you make contributes to your force sensitvity(lightVdark side)and affects the options in choices and gameplay-Weapon, loadout, and armor custimization-Relaunch from Disney reskinned characters and allows 4k gamingOverall I would definitely say this game is worth your money. I reccomend playing the original first to any who care about (terminated) Star Wars canon or would just like to play another good game, but with a plot that makes sense. With all the features KOTOR II possess it creates variation in the game that has made each time playing it different and exciting, and I excpect it to continue being that way as I play it a multitude of times more."
,Recommended,208580,27774178,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Antigenic Sin,"Oh the nostalgia. I wish Obsidian could the greenlight from Disney to make a sequel. This and KOTOR 1 are the best entries in the entire Star Wars creative universe. Their stories trounce all other material. However, I would buy it on sale when it is like $3.00 because the graphics are pretty old."
,Recommended,208580,27820316,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Solid Sosig,"Given this game The ""Game Most Needing Of A Sequel"" Award (and no, the trash MMO doesn't count).Literally the greatest Star Wars game ever made."
,Recommended,208580,27747055,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Strange Physics,"Even better than the original, just make sure to grab the Sith Lords Restoration mod."
,Recommended,208580,27768173,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Smegma Samurai,A great game with great writing
,Recommended,208580,27765105,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,d0ngstradamus,is good yes. still good yes. play.
76561198083407481,Recommended,208580,27832202,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Enkeli,"I love this game, I really do. It's been one of my favorite titles since I've been a gamer, and I doubt that's likely to change anytime soon. It's previous game was well done and has arguably one of the best narratives in gaming, and this gives it a hearty follow up.Install that 'Restored Content' mod, and relive the stories and tales from all of your favorite characers from the first one.Hands down, I will recommend this game to anyone who loves RPGs until the day I die."
,Recommended,208580,27856791,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,smelly42,Everything about this game is great especially after the recent updtate to bring controller support to it. However i wish that they would add some kind of overscan options for when I stream this game to my living room i get major cut off on the edges.
,Recommended,208580,27861117,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Pufhead,-
76561198022561255,Recommended,208580,27851862,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Sweeny Todd,"One of the best games i have ever played, and a game i still replay fairly often. Obsidian does a wonderful job presenting a story that is both interesting and morally ambiguous. The companions have opinions that can and will conflict with your own, and can lead to conflict. Definitly would reccommend this game to everyone."
,Recommended,208580,29833940,Posted: 10 February,all,Shin Morty ε>,"An old tried and true classic! Always nice to replay the game, so many options. The only annoying thing is the combat mechanics that are sometimes clunky ( standing idle too long before attacking or even worst is when a normal attack is added before what you queued) leading to infuriating death on a glass canon build."
,Recommended,208580,29706879,Posted: 4 February,all,themaggotspulse,Great follow up to an amazing game. Be sure to get the extra content mod release from the developers
76561198093337205,Recommended,208580,29720980,Posted: 5 February,all,malcolm.sell,"One of the best games ever!!! There are glitches and plot holes due to the rush to publish the game, but just get the mods that add some of that back in and you'll only be scratching your head a few times and for get about it as you're customizing lightsabers."
76561198201184950,Recommended,208580,29716004,Posted: 5 February,all,NotTheNinja,Adds much of what was needed in the first game (better side characters better villains)  and it expands the star wars universe with more great story telling and the recovered content mod adds to it even more
,Recommended,208580,29896705,Posted: 13 February,all,afgustas,"Absolute classic, probably the best rpg of all times. Involving story line, your character progresion, possibility to travel the universe and find your companions is mind blowing. It is your choice, choose your path wisely. May the force be with you."
76561198252569314,Recommended,208580,29884966,Posted: 12 February,all,Noobskillet,"Really enjoy playing a classic favorite, couple small things have been left out but overall would definetly reccomend this game to anyone thinking of trying it out."
76561198220228957,Recommended,208580,29279250,Posted: 15 January,all,siriusconsulting,"Very fun game, exept I'm having this glitch were I can't progress on, and I'm stuck!! Is it because I have A BUNCH of mods on? Please respond!!"
,Recommended,208580,30231065,Posted: 27 February,all,Illume,Disregard the aged graphics or the sometimes clunky gameplay. This game is brilliant.The story is gripping with gameplay choices that cause you to have an actual interest in progressing with the characters.A mighty fine RPG that rival modern games easily.
,Recommended,208580,30163518,Posted: 25 February,all,Mr Bryn 👌,Another Classic :)
76561198122830911,Recommended,208580,24690980,"Posted: 3 August, 2016",all,Ironbluedog,"So this game is, like, really ♥♥♥♥ing goodTHE STORYThe story of KOTOR 2 isn't like the first one at all, other than the fact that you're in the Star Wars universe with the force and lightsabers. In the first game, you were fighting Darth Malak, who was indisputably a ""bad guy"" who would laugh evilly as he blew up planets. The antagonists of KOTOR 2 are much more subtle; using manipulation, assassinations, etc, to achieve their goals. The plot of KOTOR 2 is much more morally gray than that of the first one; with very few adamantly good/bad characters. Now, a flaw with the subtlety of this story is that it can be hard to understand from a first-time player's point of view. So, it comes down to personal taste in storytelling if you like this game over the first or not.THE CHARACTERSThe characters of KOTOR 2, much like the story itself, are much more complex and morally gray than the first game. Almost all of the party members in the game are of the neutral alignment (or very close to neutral). And, unlike the first game, there is an actual practical use to speaking with and getting to know the personalities of your party members. Instead of just getting a blurb of backstory or a special side quest like in the first game, your party members in KOTOR 2 will often teach you some technique (such as mental Pazaak or ""How to Kill Jedi"") that will improve your gameplay experience. It also gives you a constant sense of progression and increasing power.""INFLUENCE""Influence is probably the greatest improvement KOTOR 2 made to the first game; because it allows the bulk of your party members to ascend from crappy gunners and medieval sword wielders to Jedi or Sith. A huge flaw with the first game (and this one) is the gun combat. It simply pales in comparison to lightsaber combat. So, in the first game, you were stuck with a bunch of party members that were trash compared to the jedi on your team; because they were less versatile in combat. Now, you can have a fully trained team of Jedi or Sith disciples that can use all the same force powers that you can.GAMEPLAYAs said before, the gameplay of KOTOR 2 is much more intuitive than that of the first game; because it gives you many more options for how you want to play. The only step backward in my opinion is the gun combat, which has taken an even larger backseat to lightsaber combat. Now, you character starts off as a Jedi right off the bat, and makes it almost completely impractical to use blasters (especially late game). There are also certain parts of the game that ramp up the difficulty to insane amounts with little warning. One minutes you're cutting through a bunch of useless wildlife and then get ambushed by 10 Sith Lords. Despite the gameplay system's flaws with difficulty and gun combat, the lightsaber and force combat is very entertaining. Nothing quite beats the feeling of using force storm to clear an entire room or using force crush on the bigger bosses of the game.""THE EXILE""The Exile is the main protagonist of the story and the character you play as more often than not. Unlike Revan of the first game (and most RPGs for that matter), you do NOT have amnesia for once! In fact, the Exile's past is crucial to the plot of the game and it is very fun to be given hints about it and to piece together his/her involvement with the Jedi and the Sith. Canonically, the Exile is female, but both male and female playthroughs are very fun and surprisingly different from each other. There is an entire party member that varies depending on the Exile's gender, as well as a subplot with one of the main antagonists, and a subplot with one fo the Jedi masters. The Exile's dark/light side alignment is also very important, as it almost completely changes the tone of the story (and a party member is determined on you alignment). In a light side playthrough, you are the naive Jedi who disregards the dangers of the Sith in order to unite the Jedi as allies, save the Republic, and rebuild the Jedi order. However, playing dark side turns you into a demonic hunter whose goal is to destroy the order on every planet you visit and to cripple both the Jedi and the Sith; forging your own Empire by the end.KREIAKreia is, without a doubt, one of the most interesting star wars characters ever. Her views on the fabled neutral alignment are very compelling and backed up with solid theories and philosophy. Kreia is, arguably, the most essential character in the story, which is surprising due to the fact that she was never mentioned in the first game. To a first-time player, Kreia might appear to be the nagging grandma who berates your every choice regardless of light or dark. With more and more playthroughs under your belt (or good perception), it becomes easy to interpret Kreia's actions and do things that she approves of (if that's your goal). Kreia is interesting because no matter what alignment you ultimately choose, she supports you and trains you in whatever you are interested in. For example, she appears to be a Jedi but has no qualms with you becoming a Sith Lord and hunting down the remianing Jedi. Likewise, though she seems to have vague connections with the Sith in the past, she doesn't care if you become a dark-banishing Jedi master who hunts down Sith Lords. To avoid me rambling any further about Kreia (and I could), I'll just say that you should absolutely give her character a chance and listen to many of the interesting perspectives on the Star Wars universe she has to offer.I would ramble more but I think I've made my point."
,Recommended,208580,30196837,Posted: 26 February,all,SuperAyzeek,Super!
76561198178069770,Recommended,208580,30187078,Posted: 25 February,all,The Doc,This is game is one of my favourite games it has loads of depth and some nice character customisation it's worth getting it's a game that would be worth easily more than €50
,Recommended,208580,29937847,Posted: 15 February,all,Dakaddda,Enjoy a rare game in the Star Wars universe that has only been slightly molested by George Lucas.
,Recommended,208580,28221922,"Posted: 6 December, 2016",all,khfan22,"Game Breaking bugs kill this. I've had it for roughly a week now and I can't even get off the first area due to a crash that happens everytime you try to perform a story-centric task (Sonic Sensor recordings for the voice lock). I've installed TSLRCM to try and fix this but that just breaks the game even more by giving an enormous black screen, and even then if you manage to hit the command for the sonic sensors, the game still crashes. Cannot recommend until Steam or the Devs do something about this.Edit: Turns out i should've just started a fresh new game when installing TSLRCM. Clarification, you definitely need TSLRCM in order to play this game, but you have to start the game with it. It's all fixed, the game is amazing btw, getting nostalgia boners from KOTOR 1 and this is a brand new adventure nonetheless."
,Recommended,208580,31153122,Posted: 15 April,all,Atton,"""Perhaps you were expecting some surprise, for me to reveal a secret that had eluded you, something that would change your perspective of events, shatter you to your core. There is no great revelation, no great secret. There is only you.""I just love this game, if You're a Starwars fan It's a must"
76561198054023920,Recommended,208580,26912591,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,🔑HEIFEHEN,One of the best things Obsidian ever created. If there will be the 3rd game my life will be complete (which is not likely).
76561198063362846,Recommended,208580,26705191,"Posted: 19 November, 2016",all,Sionnách,"I leik, thank 4 gud game."
76561198217645431,Recommended,208580,31147998,Posted: 14 April,all,King Chror,"I absolutely love this game.  It has a great story, and I highly recommend it to any Star Wars fans."
76561198300656942,Recommended,208580,31143756,Posted: 14 April,all,jaydonwalton21,obsidian & lucas arts great COMBO!!!
76561198087520162,Recommended,208580,27993247,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,GreySkull,"Still just as awesome since the first time i played it! The achievements really make this game worth at least 2 playthroughs and this is a must buy for any Star Wars fan or RPG lover! The story is great and the characters fenomenal!HK-47: ""Definition: ""Love"" is making a shot to the knees of a target 120 kilometers away using an Aratech sniper rifle with a tri-light scope.""This game definately deserves the ""Test of Time"" award!"
,Recommended,208580,20098840,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,Metaphysical Fart Cloud,Probably the best RPG of all time
,Recommended,208580,30161161,Posted: 25 February,all,MG,bellissimo...
76561198369065390,Recommended,208580,30140646,Posted: 24 February,all,bosswizard14,I'm so happy to finally be able to do this on steam it's freaking amazing. This game is beautiful everything about it is seriously worth the 10 bucks it cost to buy
,Recommended,208580,21058357,"Posted: 8 February, 2016",all,aTe,I was suprised how good this game is. If you are looking for Star Wars game tho this is not the one you are looking for. Puzzles are good and hard. Only - is the interface it needs time to get used to that.
76561198067059618,Recommended,208580,30111790,Posted: 22 February,all,νιββερ,.ti od tsuJ
76561198069066304,Recommended,208580,30235357,Posted: 27 February,all,jakedraugelis,The game is amazing and the mod support makes it all the better. If you like RPGs or Star Wars you will be glad you bought it.
76561198139373358,Recommended,208580,15692520,"Posted: 4 May, 2015",all,Bode Bill the Builder,"This game is a masterpiece, this game's storyline really makes you feel like you were in a darker time of the star wars universe, it gives you a feeling of isolation as you play through the beginning portion, as you start off on the peragus mining facillity there is a very eerie feeling, later on as you play through the game you are hunted by countless enemies trying to slay ""the last jedi"", I absolutley love this storyline. Gameplay wise it feels very rushed as many portions of the game were never added and left un-finished. I do like the ability to have a large crew and level their skills as you wish to make them taylor to your specific needs. Over all I highly recommend this game if you are a fan of starwars or Rpg's."
76561198137368427,Recommended,208580,30361954,Posted: 6 March,all,私は偉大です,Awesome throwback. If you're a fan of any of the Mass Effect games or Star Wars I would suggest this highly
,Recommended,208580,31493192,Posted: 1 May,all,operator Dirk,Good
76561198152880644,Recommended,208580,23039508,"Posted: 17 May, 2016",all,The High Ground,"The superior Old Republic game, and the best Star Wars game I've ever played (coming from someone who has played many).The restored content mod is a necessity to get the full package, but even without it you have something that's a damn near masterpiece in terms of storytelling, characters, and action.The original KOTOR gave us a classic Star Wars story that was enjoyable for everyone. KOTOR 2 took its predecessor and hypercharged it into an amazing cinematic drama where your actions not only dictate yourself, but everyone around you.Without Restored Content - 7.8/10With Restored Content - 9/10"
,Recommended,208580,20556120,"Posted: 16 January, 2016",all,Mussolini,good
,Recommended,208580,31201620,Posted: 17 April,all,crazyrobban,"The graphics are a bit dated, but wow, this game has aged well!If you're longing for a good story and a properbiowaregame, look no further.Prepare for a lot of dialogue options, a lot of choices and very full-filling gameplay.Best Star Wars game to this day.Tip! Never set resolution beyond 60hz or you'll have some strange bugs.EDIT:Woops! Obsidan, not Bioware. My bad!"
76561198114266710,Recommended,208580,29508564,Posted: 26 January,all,Scissor me Timbers!!,One of my all time favorite RPGs
76561198059858178,Recommended,208580,29469693,Posted: 24 January,all,R O O T E R,Marvelous. One of the best games ever made about SW saga. Shame KOTOR III never gonna be.
,Recommended,208580,29504168,Posted: 26 January,all,Kurt Russell Must Dash,"This game is most splendid.You are The Last Jedi (kind of) and you run around for a bit until The Force Awakens sparking the Return of the Jedi. The Sith aren't too happy about this, especially one called Darth Sion who is a bit of a Phantom Menace. The Sith Empire Strikes Back against you since you are A New Hope for the galaxy. This Revenge of the Sith initially seems rather unwarranted at first but as the story plays out it all makes sense. You can also be a good character or a bit of a Rogue One, which is nice.All in all, this game is very good. I might even prefer it over the original KOTOR.8.5/10P.S. If you can work Attack of the Clones into this somehow you are a better man than me."
,Recommended,208580,28641549,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,@FollowANH T H I C C,"Look, I like Obsidian to a fault. The games they make really hit me in all the right places. I often overlook the crashing and bugs in the games they make because of the game itself. So I won't be talking too much about its technical problems, just know that they are there and if you are the type of person who doesn't like, or worse can't stand that, maybe this game is not for you. With that out of the way, let us begin with the game itself.This game is the Star Wars equivalent of Fallout: New Vegas. Like in FONV, Obsidian was given the task of making a sequel for a classic game Star Wars - Knights of the Old Republic, or SW:KotOR for short. It took what BioWare created and improved, greatly in my opinion, on the story and the NPC interaction. Making the game less about the ""Good"" vs ""Evil"" and making it all about perspective. Shades of gray everywhere. One might say there are 50 shades of gray in here. Ok, bad joke, but you get what I'm talking about. There is nothing universally true in this game. Some things one NPC might consider an evil thing to do, the other NPC who has had a different life to that point will consider justified or even a noble move to make. This also has an impact on you as a person. You can roleplay this game from your point of view and question how an NPC could have a problem with your actions before getting to know them and their past. Like I said, this game is all about perspective.The story follows the events of the first installment and puts you in the shoes of a Jedi exile, who after the Mandalorian Wars chose not to follow Revan and Malak in their crusade against the Republic, and instead went to face the judgment of the Jedi council. Your bond with the Force has been severed and you go through the game trying to reconnect it. You will meet lots of people who will join you on your quest for their own reasons and benefits. Some you know from your past. Some come from Revans past and some are brand new to the series, all of them ready to be molded by your actions and words.That is one of the high points of this game to me. The ability to change the viewpoints of your companions based on yours. Skillfully navigating through conversations will lead to you having influence over your friends or subordinates, depending on how you chose to view them. For example, you can take a shy Echani warrior with an inferiority complex and make her into a sadistic slave basically.The 2 best NPCs to me are hands down the 2 you start with. Atton Rand, your pilot with an interesting past, and Kreia, another Jedi exile who mentors you on your way back to the Force. Now that does not mean the other ones are badly done, it is just those two I connected with the most.The combat system is based on a d20 pen and paper system like SW:KotOR1 and it does its job well. You can chose to auto-level and get a generic character, or if you want to make your PC your own you can do it with ease if you manually select your upgrades. You can have up to two companions with you at any given time who have their own specialties, like Kreia giving you an experience bonus while she is in your active party. The game can be quite difficult or it can be a breeze depending on your choice. Keep in mind that if you choose the higher difficulty take your time with your character building, or look up a guide, else it might be impossible to finish it with a badly made PC. You can change the difficulty at any time, if it becomes too hard or too easy.If you want to truly enjoy this game you will need the Restored Content mod found on the workshop. It, well, restores some content cut from the game and fixes a lot of bugs. Also there are tonnes of cosmetic mod for this game on the workshop, so I suggest you go visit them and see what you like, to help with the visual decay of this game.Overall, I would recommend this game to any gamer who likes a good RPG and to any gamer who likes a good story that is not, how should I say it, traditional."
,Recommended,208580,29525292,Posted: 27 January,all,exile,"May be almost 12 years old but it's aged gracefully well.Story is amazing and hands down became one of my favorite RPGs of all time alongside KOTOR 1.Not to mention how much to do there is in it; the sidequests and minigames are great, and the controls/gameplay has aged well as well.Graphics aren't too bad either for a 12 year old game. Only complaint I have are some of the bugs the game has and that sort of thing; but majority of t hem can be fixed with the TSLCRM mod that you can find in the workshop.Definitely should play this if you're a fan of the old republic era or just a star wars fan.Or just like good games."
,Recommended,208580,28479578,"Posted: 19 December, 2016",all,★Aegis,"If you are thinking about buying this game: consider carefully.If you want to not be seen for 3 days straight, then buy this game. (Highly addicting)If you have a life, I highly recommend not buying this game.Honestly, this is the best game i've ever played. Better than the original."
,Recommended,208580,29290120,Posted: 15 January,all,sadaraine,"Very entertaining RPG.  I've loved the stories for both KOTOR games and enjoyed thoroughly exploring the little sections of the Star Wars universe these games provide. The interactions with the NPCs that join you are especially fun as they have very distinct and entertaining personallities.The gameplay does get monotonous after awhile even though the story is worth it. The graphics are dated, but again, the story is worth it.  I definitely recommend this to any RPG fan."
76561197996696625,Recommended,208580,29290825,Posted: 15 January,all,LILGIMP123,Possible the best star wars game too date. Loved it on the origianal xbox and definitely love it on here especially with the rest of mod
76561198106960213,Recommended,208580,29129915,Posted: 8 January,all,rebelscum,"This is one of my all time favorite game series, if you haven't played the first one I highly recommend playing it first. I'll start off by saying the story line is amazing but you have to pay attention to your party and talk to them as well as gain influence as much as possible because that is what drew me into it more then anything. The combat is fairly convencing for a Star Wars rpg game, and you do defiantly have that Jedi Knight feel that everyone wants. There are plenty of side quests and skills to choose from, and everytime I have played this game I've discovered something new about it."
,Recommended,208580,11648625,"Posted: 11 August, 2014",all,Shammy,"Holy ♥♥♥♥ buddy this is it, this right here is the one, the only, the greatest Star Wars RPG, nay, the greatest Star Wars game, to ever grace my smooth as egg balls. Jesus H ♥♥♥♥♥torm this is such a good game, I mean♥♥♥♥♥♥son these characters and the world and the story and the WRITING ITSELF god damn 10/10 get the ♥♥♥♥ing Restored Content mod you nerd or you'll regret it.good rpg quality"
76561198105346585,Recommended,208580,29309698,Posted: 16 January,all,Monokuma,always a classic. immensely enjoyable
76561198120719145,Recommended,208580,29597682,Posted: 30 January,all,brandonbrooks793,I LOVE THIS GAME
76561198322592444,Recommended,208580,29732620,Posted: 5 February,all,Mandalorian312,"I had the game on DVD and when I got steam I decided I would buy it. Well apart from whenever the cutscenes would crash the game I was having a good time until I got to the end of Telos when I get the option to board the Ebon Hawk, or stay at the academy for a while longer it shows a animation cutscene of Atris but before anything is said im back at the Ebon Hawk and it wont let me board it. If I can get some help on this I would be grateful because I really love the game and would like to play it."
,Recommended,208580,29777256,Posted: 8 February,all,ReactionaryEmo,this is the best rpg I've ever played in my entire life. I've played this game on original xbox and on pc a combined total of about 15 or so times. way more time played than what steam shows. get it and get the restored content mod to make it even more amazing.10/10 best star wars game ever made
,Recommended,208580,29528647,Posted: 27 January,all,Adolf Titler,buy this game already n00b
76561198195752421,Recommended,208580,30077885,Posted: 21 February,all,laser ducky,"Played this one before the first game as I dont know to turn off frame buffer effect. It was amazing anyway , did a light and dark run. after finshing the first game and replaying this its even better."
,Recommended,208580,27193390,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Mr.Wolf,Simply one of the best RPG´S in history.
76561198272560176,Recommended,208580,30301003,Posted: 3 March,all,DEADPOOL,i love this game i highly recommend you to play it and the first game
,Recommended,208580,31193880,Posted: 17 April,all,loom,play this.
,Recommended,208580,30287441,Posted: 2 March,all,Aussie_Lucas,Great Game :)
76561198040977867,Not Recommended,208580,30281428,Posted: 2 March,all,mazzenga4,great game but on my steam account everything i try wont fix my problem . everytime i openning it up it crashes on me . if anyone can help it be much apprciatiate
,Recommended,208580,30368219,Posted: 6 March,all,Ryder Havoc,"When I was a little kid I was given this game as a christmas present. I was 5, and I played the HELL out of this game. I got stuck on the second to last world because of my age and the inability to understand what the game was asking me to do, but now I bought it again, and I'm told ""Hey, on PC there's a mod that gives a bunch of more quests in the game."" I was not disapointed. If you want to have an amazing RPG experiance that has a really well-made and dark story to the Star Wars Universe, then this is just for you! Of course it has it's moments for the age, and some animations from today's viewpoint will make you laugh from how ridgid and bad they are, but it's still a pretty well done game. Overall Review for me (Excluding my nostalgia) is an 8 / 10"
,Recommended,208580,31413674,Posted: 28 April,all,Mogar328,"Most anticlimactic ending to a game i've ever experienced, the road to the end is amazing on its own. The game still has plently of bugs and glitches that start manefesting themselves the further into the game you are. If you are lucky enough to avoid the game stopping bugs and glitches, then the journey to the end will be worth it."
76561198004375557,Recommended,208580,26818525,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Gipson,"In my opinion this is the best Star Wars story every created!This was the first story to question what it means to be a Jedi or a Sith and challenged the way one views The Force.  Like it predecessor your character has choices that will shape them and the universe you travel in, however the choices are less black and white.  The characters are well made and the plot is complex and darker than most Star Wars stories but that is one of the greatest strenghts of this game.Despite that the game was made over 10 years ago and it was never 100% complete, due to the developer be pushed to release the game on a date choosen by the publisher, the game is so amazing.  The updates that were done to support more screen resolutions and make the game more stable to run on more recent Windows OS make this game a treat to enjoy again!A must have for Star Wars fan or those who enjoy a rich story!"
,Recommended,208580,19655402,"Posted: 12 December, 2015",all,Taxi Driver,"""You were deafened.""""At last, you could hear.""""You were broken.""""You were whole.""""You were blinded.""""And at last... you saw.""10/10 Best rpg ever"
76561198298768543,Recommended,208580,31424855,Posted: 28 April,all,wullam,ok i spent about $10 on this game only to have it get updated and have a huge ton of lag. the mod that is supposed to fix the lag hasnt done a dang thing for it. and sadly i cant get my money back for this game. i really really hope they come up with something that will fix all the lag issue for it not then im gonna be hella♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥for this is literally one of my all time fav. games to play and sadly i cant even get passed the part where i just arrived on telos am thrown into a jail cell thing and oh look a ton of lag that wont allow me to choose and option during the speech part and even if there is no lag the darn guy im supposed to fight is behind a door where i cant get to him which is really ticking me off. i have done everything that was sudgested to me to fix the mega lag issue and nothing has worked. please please please please someone help i really really really want to play this game again with very little if not any lag issues!!!!!!. id recomend it if they mega lag issue gets fixed till then idk
,Recommended,208580,32181403,Posted: 4 June,all,elpeppe222,one of the best rpg games ever made
,Recommended,208580,20410335,"Posted: 8 January, 2016",all,semoh,"So my old review for this was negative and made when I was bad at games in general.This game is actually really good. I don't know why I disliked it. If you're a Star Wars fan, just get this game, it's a pretty enjoyable experience. It isn't super easy or super hard, it's long (which is good because more content) and the story is a nice one.Pretty sure it's no longer canon which sucks because Disney ruined a lot of Star Wars. Play it anyway. A great time."
76561197993065396,Recommended,208580,32238837,Posted: 7 June,all,venusius,I played and owned this game first on Xbox. Bought this again on PC and played again. That's how much I like this game. I will be posting the same review for the SWKOTOR game.
76561198113949983,Recommended,208580,32411553,Posted: 14 June,all,justintyme321,"Fantastic game. The story is great, totes gives you feelz."
76561198039831982,Recommended,208580,15779289,"Posted: 10 May, 2015",all,Umbrella,Changed to positive due to having quite a lot of fun BUT I must recommend you to download the mod that patches a lot of the content that was cut due to rushing it out before starting to play.Here is the mod that patches the content. Have fun!http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=485537937
,Recommended,208580,32408475,Posted: 14 June,all,corwin,old but good.  the comabt is boring but the stoy is good enough that I don't care.  it dosen't look that good even more so for me becuse the last RPG I played was the witcher 3.  The Wicther 3 is  beautiful wicth just makes this look worst but I don't care the stoy is makeing it worth it for me.  also the music is amazing.
76561197990406921,Recommended,208580,32402580,Posted: 13 June,all,MMG Man,"Overall, a good RPG.  not as good as KOTOR 1"
,Recommended,208580,27253524,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,John Snayk,This game got a really really good story and suprisingly makes you addicted
76561198092146018,Recommended,208580,32313685,Posted: 10 June,all,Nemegon,Great returning to the classics and having more added fun with this game while adding extra mods which are great fun !buy on a deal sale if you can
,Recommended,208580,32334281,Posted: 10 June,all,austgriffia,"Even though KOTOR 1 is considered better by journalists, KOTOR 2 is far superior. The best Star Wars story ever told that delves into the complexities of the dark and light side. You don't have Carth whining all the time as a plus. Kreia is one of the most interesting characters in all of star wars, and you still have HK-47.  It does a much better job than the first by allowing you much greater access to the force powers and skills, making you feel very powerful by the end of the game. You can also make many of your followers force weilders, which is very useful, and makes many characters far more useful.  The game greatly benefits from the patches/mods available on steam, since Obsidian was rushed to release the game.I highly recommend you have the companion approval mod, as this makes it much easier to converse with followers you might otherwise be locked from learning completely about."
76561198125392589,Recommended,208580,32308011,Posted: 9 June,all,Weapon3600,>7/7 game>Graphics have aged well>Story is great
76561198053619045,Recommended,208580,32007509,Posted: 27 May,all,gabrielscunha,Just force persuaded two dudes into giving me all their money and jump off a cliff.10/10 would impersonate Kilgrave again
76561198074637487,Recommended,208580,32353217,Posted: 11 June,all,adail da galiza,Definitely a great game. The Linux port works also flawlessly. This is a must-have.
,Recommended,208580,32633723,Posted: 21 June,all,Solidus,"The game is fantastic, but it's a shame that it wasn't finished and cut content is floating around."
76561197994094370,Recommended,208580,32626352,Posted: 21 June,all,PureStealth,"One of the rpgs I have extreamly fond memories of. It's aged well into 2017, I'm not a huge fan of star wars. The morality of the whole starwars series is black and white. However the morality in the knights of the old republic is so well done. The game says are you sure you don't want to be a♥♥♥♥♥♥ we'll throw in power for you if you are. The game tempts you into being bad and I think thats a beautiful thing. The story is extremely intriguing almost as if the story as been crafted by a writer. And it's because the characters that walk you through the game feel alive and as if they have their own feelings ambitions and agendas. If you haven't played this game I urge you to buy it I can promise you won't regret it. However you'll miss out on one of the most amazing magical storys you'll ever see if you choose not to buy it. Now it's time to post pros and consPros+ConsProsGreat storylineFun realtime rpg combattons a replayablityRelateble characterslot's of locations to visit and many npcs to talk toInteresting morality systemthe game has perfect balence between storytelling and gameplayIt's an immersive game you feel like it's a real worldthis game isn't about killing everything in your path you'll often have several choices on how you want to handle agiven situationthe game has interesting puzzles that are simple enough a child could work out but not so easy that they're boringConsThe pc port is pretty bad but not game breaking like lots of games on steam. try to get a hold of the console version if at all possible"
,Recommended,208580,30346680,Posted: 5 March,all,mistyblight,"I love these games, grew up playing them and I always will :)"
76561198273360659,Recommended,208580,30346187,Posted: 5 March,all,Sleepyhead,10/10 a fun game
,Recommended,208580,31327627,Posted: 23 April,all,Jonny Bravo,"The sequel to my favorite game of all time comes close to the original.  They improved the gameplay, added interesting villains, great companions, countless mysteries, mandalorian war details, and just awesomeness.  The story is very good, but the original has the better story.  But don't let that dissuade you, this game is easily worth playing multiple times.  Has aged well just like the first one.HIGHLY RECOMMENDED."
,Recommended,208580,31307723,Posted: 22 April,all,Gandalf,"This is honestly one of my favorite games of all time. The story and atmosphere of the game is much darker than the first, and the game really blurs the line between what is good and what is evil. The RPG elements are also improved from the first game. On top of this, the game now has Steam support and a Steam Workshop page. On the workshop page is now an easily accessible version of the Restored Content Mod, which vastly improves the game's story and characters. I would recommend this to any fan of Star Wars or the RPG genre."
76561197982932468,Recommended,208580,31295926,Posted: 22 April,all,Zginc,"This isn't about saving the galaxy, it's about saving yourself."
,Recommended,208580,31310881,Posted: 22 April,all,Zef Bug,Yup. Buy it. I know you are wondering if you should. You should. Yes. Buy it.
,Recommended,208580,23511468,"Posted: 11 June, 2016",all,Klutch,One of the best games ever
76561198202644741,Recommended,208580,31313711,Posted: 23 April,all,Bellatore Mare,"There's a lot of unfinished content like the mysterious sub level elevator that doesn't work on Talos, but it makes up in decent mechanics and one of the only star wars game that doesn't explode as soon as opened on a modern compuper (that was a purposeful cumpuper)"
,Recommended,208580,31230373,Posted: 18 April,all,FlamingDevil210,It is a great game to try after completing the first one.
,Recommended,208580,8187523,"Posted: 21 December, 2013",all,Laurgo,"One of my all time favorites.  I played hundreds of hours on the the xbox as a kid. I havent experience any issues with the pc version. If you like the Star Wars universe, you can't go wrong with this choice. BUY IT"
76561198123490097,Recommended,208580,31386839,Posted: 26 April,all,Evan,"I enjoyed it, although there were a few game-breaking glitches that could only be fixed by console commands."
,Recommended,208580,31753452,Posted: 14 May,all,OneZeroNine,"Game is little dated, and story wise takes awhile to pick up the pace (tutorial area Peragus especially! It's a slog). That being said, this is one of the best RPG's of all time, period!Make sure to use the restored content mod & widescreen ui fix. Both can be downloaded through steam workshop."
,Recommended,208580,33039821,Posted: 30 June,all,tenpercent,Best Star Wars RPG. Where's KOTOR III?
,Recommended,208580,33063651,Posted: 30 June,all,✪Obito Uchiha,"This game awesome.I don't say , that this game beatiful.I play because SW!)"
76561198396859220,Recommended,208580,33170906,Posted: 2 July,all,deadlyhollow96,Great game.
,Recommended,208580,3581888,"Posted: 12 September, 2012",all,Olafchief,"KOTOR II is a huge step-up from the first game, enhancing the gameplay, as well as dialogue that is really quite deep and philosophical.  Your actions matter and your companions will react either positively or negatively to your actions, which can impact your overall experience.  Upon release, it was plagued with numerous bugs and cut content, but happily, applying the ""The Sith Lords Restored Content Mod"" fixes almost all of the problems the game had.  If you've never played it, do yourself a favour and play KOTOR II the way it was meant to be played.  You won't regret it!"
,Recommended,208580,33207206,Posted: 3 July,all,Terror hotkillerz,its ok
76561198060427190,Recommended,208580,22289518,"Posted: 7 April, 2016",all,The Count of Malachor V,"It is a beautiful thing in a way.It's a far more ambitious game than its predecessor. Its failings are far bigger than in KOTOR 1, but its successes are also far sweeter. As a darker and more complex game than its predecessor, it sets the perfect tone for a sequel.The production schedule of this game was insane. Obsidian had to make the game in a fraction of the time they should have had. As a result, much content in the game was cut. An entire planet was removed form the game to cut down on development time. Once the cut content is modded back in, one can truly see the opus that Obsidian had planned to craft, and it is breathtaking.To make the most of the experience I would recommend the following.Play KOTOR 1 first.Install the Sith Lords Restored Content ModInstall the M4-78 Restoration Project ModBe patient. The first 2.5 hours or so of the game take place in Peragus, a dreadfully boring place. After that section of the game is over, it becomes far better.If you can do that, then I can unequivocally recommend the game for Star Wars and RPG fans alike.The game supports Linux and does it well. Huge props to Aspyr Media for the work they did here. Not only did they port the game to mac and Linux, they added support for HD graphics, added achievements, added controller support, enabled workshop support, and worked with the creators of important mods to make them available in the steam workshop on launch day. Not only did they do all this, but they updated the windows version of the game to receive the benefits of this too. Aspyr went above and beyond for this port. They deserve no less than the highest praise."
,Recommended,208580,33629942,Posted: 18 July,all,6 meter kuk,"obsidian entertainment here and there , they know how to develop a game , and sure it did pay off , in my opinion the best game in the star wars universe besides kotor 1but i prefer 2 because of the simplfied UI and storytotally recommanded <3"
,Recommended,208580,33300986,Posted: 5 July,all,Brosey27,"If you loved the first, you will most definitely love this one. If you haven't played the first, I highly recommend it. Both of the games are incredible."
76561198281692223,Recommended,208580,34738142,Posted: 4 September,all,dizzeny,"Great game with great life lessons, definitely worth your time."
76561198194924229,Recommended,208580,34788059,Posted: 6 September,all,Lukeisawesome12,For those die hard Star Wars fans who miss the Expanded Universe. This is the ultimate adventure for you. Abosolutely my favorite Star Wars RPG of all time!
76561198083006020,Recommended,208580,34765735,Posted: 5 September,all,The Fuck is an Anime?,"An amazing RPG, wish we still had star wars games like this"
76561198382074510,Recommended,208580,34805347,Posted: 7 September,all,Sage.,"very great game overall, one of my favoureite RPG's of all time, 10/10 would play again"
76561198083920138,Recommended,208580,34845379,Posted: 9 September,all,njaylehmann,"So, here's a controversial opinion. It's not as good as the first one. If you haven't played a game in this series, start with the first. That being said, this is still a good game and is certainly a KOTOR game. The writing, although solid, is out of place (for Star Wars and gets overly complex. For starters, it tries very hard to introduce areas of grey into a universe with the characters literally held together ""by hate."" Not exactly an area where greys are appropriate. Certain cruicial plot points make very little sense and get so far up it's own rear end that it mistakes farts for ideas. That's also not mentioning the complete let down that is the entire last third. It's no secret that this game was rushed to market and is a prime example as to why you shouldn't sequal bait without the greenlight for a sequal.It may sound as though i'm being overly harsh but i do still enjoy this game, despite the flaws. The combat is solid (until the last third when you basically break the game by being overpowered without trying) and the characters are all compelling throughout. The story surounding them is also enough to keep any Star Wars fan invested. Sadly though this game does not live up to it's predecessor, while still being worth the purchase price.Side Note: Be sure to download the Restored Content Mod as it drastically improves many aspects of the game including stability."
76561198019968623,Recommended,208580,34867837,Posted: 10 September,all,TJ,"This game is perfect for those who remember Dnd, Neverwinter Nights or other d20 based games with the added bonuse - It's Star Wars!! It's got a decent story, excellent game play, the only negative I'd point to is the lack of replay value. Granted, that's true for most single player rpgs out there. It's also not as epic as later rpgs (and even some earlier ones). If you want to play DnD with lightsabers - pick it up. It's a standalone game with only some reference to the one before it - but you'll WANT to play Kotor 1 if you like this game, so play it first anyways."
,Recommended,208580,34705076,Posted: 3 September,all,c l o n e,"Despite all it's bugs, this game is actually perfect. Play if you want a good story with nuanced characters and great atmosphere. If you can't handle the choices you make actually having consequences, don't play this game.Play with TSLRCM."
76561197989734896,Recommended,208580,34889658,Posted: 11 September,all,pasha london school,One of the best games ever made. Played this the first time in 2007 and I still do. Definately a must buy ifyou like RPGs
76561198093744320,Recommended,208580,34914132,Posted: 12 September,all,phoogles,one of my favorite games it derserves more praise!
76561198050107968,Recommended,208580,34827552,Posted: 8 September,all,TheOnlyTshirt,"""HK-47 - Definition: 'Love' is making a shot to the knees of a target 120 kilometers away using an Aratech sniper rifle with a tri-light scope... Love is knowing your target, putting them in your targeting reticule, and together, achieving a singular purpose against statistically long odds."" Meesa like this game."
76561198133934136,Recommended,208580,33446294,Posted: 10 July,all,jwirecom109,"Good Game, but felt like your were playing a repeat of 1.Don't get me wrong its good, very good, but the story wasn't as orginal as the first one."
,Recommended,208580,33644101,Posted: 18 July,all,King Riiya,"I've heard some negative things about this game (though not on here apparently, yay) so I thought I should leave a review as this is one of my favourite games.The main thing that needs to be said is play this game with KOTOR 2 TSLRCM. Highly recommended for a more fulfilling game experience. This is a free restored content mod that adds extra content (original game content that was either cut or blocked by bugs) and fixes most bugs, so fixes basically the only things that caused people to have a problem with this game (as far as I know).I played this game originally on Xbox and loved it even then, but with the mod it is even better.In my opinion this is much better than the first game (even though that is also great).The characters are complex, interesting, and varied.The story is very good.The game mechanics are better (I particularly enjoyed the influence system).If you like RPGs and/or Star Wars, this game is for you.TL;DR - This game is awesome, find TSLRCM online, install game with mod and enjoy."
76561197963406941,Recommended,208580,148721,"Posted: 22 July, 2013",all,DocSteve,"Some great features were added, but the original KoTaR was better. The first KoTaR had better characters and story. Not everyone needs to be a Jedi..."
76561198061695283,Not Recommended,208580,33943213,Posted: 31 July,all,No Hats At StikTek,"Apperantly has had a gamebreaking bug in it for an eternity that I somehow just now stumbled across. Freezes you when you return to the Dantooine accademy effectively ending the 30ish hours you put into it up to that point. Hope you like anti-climaxes. Nobody has come up with a working fix in years so I doubt anyone will. Truly a shame. With the right mods this game is actully superior to its predecessor in ways. And yes, i reinstalled, did the .ini fix, changed the temp files, removed all mods. Nothing fixes it. So GGWP...We all knew this was a hacknied cash-in to begin with but Christ's sake, literally unplayable after 30 hours of work? Wholly and totally unacceptable."
76561198377274815,Recommended,208580,33873420,Posted: 28 July,all,Scottkellysithkiller,i love this game and love playing it since i was a kid and when i got a computer i bought this and kotor but it works fine for me just the beginng until i reached when kiera let you have the sence of the three droid and then starts lagging and so i kept going while its lagging and hope the next cutscene fixed it and it didnt fixed so idk if im the only one or its my computer because the 1st kotor it works perfectly and no lag at all so idk im just letting steam know and plz help or fix it
,Recommended,208580,33922080,Posted: 31 July,all,TheLegendaryDarthTrump,"This is truly one of the great stories ever written, especially now that the restored content mod is in the Steam workshop. With that ""extra"" content now available, KOTOR II turns from a broken game that could have been so much more into one of the great titles of all time. It's a little strange to think about, because the KOTOR titles are essentially Dungeons and Dragons: Star Wars Edition in terms of gameplay, but the way they're presented, II in particular, turns a simple turn-based RPG into an almost cinematic experience. Watching the dynamics between characters all affect each other, and how the game reflects its own morals and forces you to think about your own in the process becomes a haunting experience. I actually have yet to complete a playthrough of this game because most of my hours were logged before I downloaded the restored content (got all the way through the Academy to the final battle, then realized I done goofed).I recommend this game to literally anyone, but it brings more to those who want their games to be cerebral. Either way, it's a dollar for every four hours of gameplay if you're speedrunning it without the restored content. Great bang for your buck, and that bang is big, dense, and colorful. Best ten bucks I ever spent, truly."
76561198028255318,Recommended,208580,33959861,Posted: 1 August,all,A Cat,You're an idiot if you don't play this game.
,Recommended,208580,14447878,"Posted: 13 February, 2015",all,CiZeRo,"This game was in an unfinished state, even after all official patches. Make sure you get: The Sith Lords Restored Content Mod (TSLRCM)"
76561198017962521,Recommended,208580,34096696,Posted: 7 August,all,Malonsmilk,I can't give a reason for recommending this that hasn't already been given. I'm really just interested in giving this a thumbs up.
76561198156153121,Recommended,208580,34113905,Posted: 8 August,all,Josherminer,Awesome game i spend hours a day on it i cant get enough of this game
76561198000545199,Recommended,208580,34117790,Posted: 8 August,all,[TWB]Corley,"While I like the first KOTOR better, the second is still a great game that provides a great adventure that you can play through twice before getting bored. Definitley recommend."
,Recommended,208580,34127450,Posted: 9 August,all,Meat-Seeking Missile,So Good!  Mod it!
,Recommended,208580,33977454,Posted: 2 August,all,Durn,"One of the best games ive ever played.A game like this really inspires passion for a setting that so few games are capable of doing.There are so few games that leave you begging for so much more after its over, there are so few games that have interesting travel companions that have some real personnality.My only complaint is there just isnt enough of this game. After the ending of the game, ""Meetra Surik"" (The Jedi Exile you play as) continues her adventures to find an old friend. To leave the game with so much to transpire afterwards, it only makes this game feel more unfinished than it already is.It feels like the game ends halfway through the Exile's story, its so unfortunate.Regardess, Its a mastapiece. Wish I played it sooner."
,Recommended,208580,33986350,Posted: 2 August,all,Stevo,Can't go wrong with being able to kill innocent people with no repercussion.
76561198012835521,Recommended,208580,34142457,Posted: 10 August,all,scarry2000,One of the best Star Wars games I have ever played!
,Recommended,208580,34145944,Posted: 10 August,all,Desperate Destructor,My savegame bugged out after 10 hours into the game :(Hope i get myself to play through it again in the future.But the 10 hours were 10/10 though.
76561198152280746,Recommended,208580,34171584,Posted: 11 August,all,[WZ] Jay,"10/10 amazing game. if you can get over the graphics, you'll love this game"
,Recommended,208580,34171599,Posted: 11 August,all,Jason Xue,"An old RPG and legendary storyline. As the trailer showed, you can create your own character with own feats and powers and walk your own path to save or destroy the galaxy. If you want a better storyline or HD texture, visit the Steam Workshop and pick up some mods like TSLRCM (better subscribe it) and so on. You can also try to create your own mods like I attempt to do, of course."
,Recommended,208580,34147092,Posted: 10 August,all,Lucky13,awesome game and well made story(especially with restored cotent mod i strongly recommend downloading before playing the game it still works buti recommend using that mod)10/10 would recommendpersonally played darkside story line
,Recommended,208580,6714941,"Posted: 31 October, 2012",all,Deckard,This is one of the best star wars games ever made :D xD
,Recommended,208580,34184770,Posted: 11 August,all,☪ █▀█ █▄█ ▀█▀ █▀█ █▄█ ▀█▀,nice
,Recommended,208580,33954585,Posted: 1 August,all,Bush,"Better than the first. Many say they have encountered bugs, I have not experienced any yet.7.4/10"
,Recommended,208580,34180555,Posted: 11 August,all,Galvatron,Yes.
76561198047378868,Recommended,208580,34365777,Posted: 19 August,all,promega,"Over 12 years old, played it for the first time recently, completed story. Very enjoy. Might play again as a jedi (was sith leaning this time)9.5/10"
76561198319237880,Recommended,208580,34408225,Posted: 21 August,all,[♨♱] Str0phicus,"If you've played the first game, you won't need a review to tell you KotOR is amazing. Knights II does not dissapoint, and the live combat with a queuing attack/ability style is effective and addictive. Growing your Jedi powers, for light or dark, projecting your Dark or Light Force aura to your companions through your actions and becoming a Sith Lord or Jedi Knight is a compelling reason to play this game over and over, choosing new decisions and customising your OWN LIGHTSABERS and Party, any Star Wars fan will fall in love with this story-rich and amazing game."
76561197987055299,Recommended,208580,34422420,Posted: 22 August,all,Lain's Navi,"To any and all Star Wars fans, or people who enjoy RPG's in general: This is only $10. Why haven't you bought it?THE GOOD: Beautifully crafted characters and story. Mechanics are a bit meh, but they don't really detract from the game. The developers did a great job creating a very dark, eerie feel that permeates the world of KOTOR II. Personally, I was more of a fan of the first KOTOR, but this sequel was a welcome departure from the standard Bioware plot formula ( i.e. a random nobody discovers they have some gift, joins a secret badass order and fights to stop some ancient evil from killing everything). A few of these elements are still present, but the exploitation isn't as obvious.This game has a lot going for it. While the graphics and other effects within the game are pretty♥♥♥♥♥♥poor by today's standards, when this thing came out they were on the better side of average.THE BAD: Like I said, this game isn't that pretty. Also, the ending was very clearly rushed (this is a common theme with Obsidian. You've been forewarned.) aside from those two things, the only part of this game that got on my nerves was the Peragus and Telos portions of the game. Please, PLEASE get the mod that lets you skip through Telos, maybe even Peragus, but definitely Telos. I would advise playing through Peragus during your first go-around, but Telos constributes nothing to the story and takes too damn long.Anyway, this game scores a solid 8 cryptic lectures out of 10."
,Recommended,208580,21372725,"Posted: 21 February, 2016",all,andyfinn2012,you can play this game unless you have a good computer and better windows like 10
76561198091695171,Recommended,208580,34183724,Posted: 11 August,all,Wushutaichi,"To this day, more than a decade after release and since i first played it, this is still one of my favorite games of all time, second favorite to be exact (#elderscrollsmorrowind).This games story and voice acting has held up against time and has not aged, its real-time turn based combat keeps it fast paced but has also further allowed it too age extremly well, and the character customization and open world make it wonderfully immersive. i play through this game at least once a year and it was this game that originally made me jump on to steam.download the restored sith lords mod with this and have a fun time playing. Great for any RPG or adventure fan a bonus for star wars fans."
76561198157576862,Recommended,208580,34220422,Posted: 13 August,all,Desmond Tutu,This game is better than any scruffy looking nerf herder in a 12 parsec radius
76561198285489421,Recommended,208580,34225534,Posted: 13 August,all,herowarden47,Great game epscically with the restored content mods.
76561198066710766,Recommended,208580,34208582,Posted: 13 August,all,Syagrius,"I played KotOR I as a child -- sinking hundreds of hours into it -- and never got the chance to play it's sequel until now. The TL;DR is that If you are in a similar situation, then you are doing yourself a disservice by not buying it immediately; as it is a worthy successor.There have been few things have offended me as intensely, and as deeply as has this game; for that alone it recieves my praise. Never once since becoming an adult has my imagination been so captured, so crushed, and so satisfied at the same time.The gameplay, in and of itself, does not hold up to the standards of today. Indeed, of the games that I will insist my children will play -- FF VII, Ocarina of Time, etc -- this game will not be among them. The de facto God-Mode (inherent in all RPGs) is attained way too quickly. Which is to say that any prudent character build has no difficulty whatsoever past the 'tutorial zone'; even on the higher difficulty. For this reason it is little more than a visual novel. However, as such it is remarkable.I advise choosing to go *full* dark-side' or 'light-side' in your playthrough since it, without spoilers, is not sufficiently equipped to support a 'gray jedi' approach. This would be an excusable thing if it were not for the ending, and the irony therein is the entire reason that I am so passionately dissatisfied. All that I can say is that, if this had been executed better, it easily could have had the potential to stand for generations as a culturally-significant work of art."
,Recommended,208580,25912413,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,Aslan,"So I do ultimately recommend this game as it's pretty fun, but i'm going to list some of the things for and against it:Pros:Star WarsMusic is pretty goodThe customization is good, and there are a lot of 'perks' and 'abilites' and such for you to unlockand use for your characterStoryline is quite immersive and definately a fun one to go throughGraphics still hold up fairly well (especially after the retexture the developers did recently), and there are several mods you can get if you're still not happy with themSteam Workshop mods and downloadable mods from online make the game even more fun; from retextures and graphical enhancements, to adding completely new worlds and abilitesSeveral other things about it are good, but i don't want to ruin too much of the story and such.Cons:The turn-based combat gets fairly dull pretty quickly, even with all the weapons there areChat dialogues can occasionally not be clear on what side of the force they sway to (light/dark), and you may end up choosing the wrong dialogue option for the side you are going for (maybe that's just me though, hopefully i explained this well)There are still countless bugs and glitches that can get annoying, specifically a bug which will cause the game to crash when leaving a planet after a cutscene (can't tell you how many times i had to try and leave one particular world until it got me through it without crashing)The previously-mentioned chat dialogue can sometimes be too much and can be quite dull if you just want to carry on with the game (again, maybe just me)There are plenty of other things for and against it that i just can't think of right now, so i'm just gonna end this xdddd-Over-all this game has aged quite well and i recommend for you to pick it up (although maybe and try and wait for a sale, there always is one)."
76561198055224684,Recommended,208580,34141012,Posted: 10 August,all,Dobbison,"The story is immensely deep with well-written, enthralling characters exploring an unprecedented world of Star Wars. A must-play for any fan of the franchise."
76561198045281159,Not Recommended,208580,5121525,"Posted: 26 October, 2012",all,the_killer_284,"I have over 257 Hours into this game. I LOVE this game. I recently got internet again so I updated it. And now it literally just pulls up the black screen then ""stop working""... The update practically screwed everyone with an older computer. I would've recommended this game to everyone and their dog before the update. Now I wouldn't recommend it to the dog crap in my yard.... Make it available for EVERYONE to play again and I would totally change the review because, again, I LOVE this game..... I guess that's why I hate not being able to play it......"
,Not Recommended,208580,2960496,"Posted: 23 April, 2013",all,Drake Platinum,This is an amazing game however it refuses to work properly on my rig. The graphical issues are insane ive tried every fix in the book
76561198063792434,Recommended,208580,34705502,Posted: 3 September,all,Animarie,The story and characters of this game are really good. It tells a story that has more complex morals than the usual simple black and white morals you usually find in Star Wars.  The visuals are outdated but other than that its a really good game.  I recommend getting the restored content mod to get the full experience.  If only Lucasarts didn't rush the game out and let us play the full game all those years ago.
,Recommended,208580,34724000,Posted: 3 September,all,Airwalker19,Amazing sequel to KOTOR. Really kept it's stunning story and gameplay. Has unfinished endings under certain conditions due to rush of release during development. I rate 9/10
76561198374046369,Recommended,208580,34681966,Posted: 2 September,all,lucaswilson064,"Love this game, Played it on Xbox, now on PC. Same for the first game. I highly reccomend it to every person on Steam."
,Recommended,208580,34584030,Posted: 29 August,all,Insignificance,"Great classic game right here, deffinitely reccomend you get it. The story is great, the gameplay and the workshop can open up even more possibilities. Though I reccomend you don't use mods until you've finished a full playthrough because it can seriously mess up your game, I found that I expeariances a hell ton of issues on Dantooine due to mod releated bugs, All bugs aside if you like Star Wars or not this game is great for almost anyone."
76561198381092801,Recommended,208580,34643493,Posted: 31 August,all,STARWARMEGATRON,"This game has an incredible story, with some amazing twists and turns, though the graphics and gameplay aren't the greatest but the story drives my love of the game, recommended to all my friends, and I hope there is a third one."
76561198020538015,Recommended,208580,34636922,Posted: 31 August,all,mooncalf477,"KOTOR II has been something of a controversial game over the years, and with good reason. The original release was rushed, buggy, and clearly unfinished, given the number of plot holes. However, thanks to Steam, the Restored Content Mod is publicly available, which restores all of the content cut prior to release, and there are further mods that implement content that had been cut much earlier in development. Normally, I wouldn't recommend a game ""with mods"", but this is a unique situation, a game that was never given a fair shot due to the publisher rushing it for Christmas, with all the intended content freely available (the devs even gave the modders access to their unused maps, to complete the restoration).With the Restored Content Mod, one can see the full potential of KOTOR II realized, and where the original KOTOR was Star Wars meets Baldur's Gate, its sequel is more like Star Wars meets Planescape: Torment. It deals with much more complex issues, provides more morally ambiguous characters, and even poses questions about The Force that I've not seen any of the official films tackle, even in passing. The cast is fantastic, the writing is top-notch, and the gameplay is every bit as strong as it was in the first KOTOR. Now, for those unfamiliar with KOTOR, the gameplay and controls can perhaps feel a little dated, but no more so than other games of the era. If you're a fan of CRPGs, Star Wars, or even KOTOR specifically, definitely give this a shot (with the mod, of course)."
76561198057101174,Not Recommended,208580,34626560,Posted: 30 August,all,Leper Kahn,"The game itself,  at least with restored content is one of the best ever. Story wise, not quite as good, at least so far, as the first, but very good.However, maybe is a window 10 thing but as near as I can tell this is tied to a ""gameinprogress"" file which WILL NOT GO AWAY.Regardless, it will play for a while, and then will stick on load no matter what I do.So, be advised.Add/Update: Okay, the file is like a boomerang; shred it and it just comes back but, you MIGHT be able to play Aaren (?) Kae, sort of a Disco/Blacksploitation thing, beside being this game's version of ""AIDS""The question then is, ""Can you dig it?""Update: Fix for the above. Deselect cloud saves. Reinstall game.New problem. Crashes on new save.Still thumbs down."
76561198178613133,Recommended,208580,34941849,Posted: 13 September,all,HyLarryous,"Despite it's rushed development Knights of the Old Republic II is a prime example of a sequel done right. Certain gameplay mechanics were fleshed out more and streamlined while more force powers, armor, and weapons were added. This on top of a new main character were an interesting backstory that ties into the first game in addition to party characters that have engaging and interesting stories of their own make The Sith Lords well worth your time and money, even if you play the unfinished base game."
76561198166367116,Recommended,208580,35074362,Posted: 19 September,all,Yoshi Desu,Its good.
76561198220057513,Recommended,208580,34983667,Posted: 15 September,all,Hashbrownie514,I played this game growing up and it is still as awesome as I remember! Works great with my Windows 10 setup.
76561198016217235,Recommended,208580,35019303,Posted: 17 September,all,J@zzY,One of the best RPGs of all time!
76561198353537208,Recommended,208580,35018016,Posted: 17 September,all,Shamwise Gamji,"Played KoTor 2 back in the day on Xbox, it was great then and it's great now!I've played every character on each side of the Force and keep going back for more, and now I can get my Mod on!Get the restored content mod for sure, there's alot in the workshop, go check it out. This game was rushed for release and there is alot you miss without it. There's a mod for a Droid Planet, and everything else.Make sure to save often and on different slots (you should always be doing this if you aren't lol)I find the Consular role the most challenging, Just finished streaming a Sith Lord to the max run, it was alot of fun. (Galaxy is in shambles!)The only wierd issue I had sometimes was when you're in a dialogue scene, and you click your answer the dialogue skips narration and you get to pick what you say right away. That has something to do with a memory leak in the game, just exit the game and reload you should be good to go. There was only 1 time where I had to exit the game completely and restart but no big deal.If you like Jade Empire, or the 1st Mass Effect series you will love this game. Choices you make will change you, your companions and the galaxy for better or worse! Recommend playing the 1st KoToR as well for more storyline goodness.Will 100% Destroy/Save the Galaxy again!"
76561198114167212,Recommended,208580,32956567,Posted: 28 June,all,elshadwking,"There is very much to do with this game, and as i have 30 hours with still plenty of the story to go through, it is worth the money. The mods will also keep the playability up and ensure a fresh and new feel for the game"
,Recommended,208580,35009822,Posted: 16 September,all,joshwiz23,"One of the best games I've played in my intire life!! Mystery, adventure warfare. SO much depth. Played through it a dozen times at least. Only wish there was more. If any moders out there want to add planets and stuff, your my deity!!!!LOL"
,Recommended,208580,35041669,Posted: 18 September,all,Enward,A Classic. Enough said.
76561198120939867,Recommended,208580,35012982,Posted: 16 September,all,red.nettle,"Fair warning to SW fans, if you like traditional rise and fall, good vs evil stories, KotOR is better, If you enjoy stories that play into the middle areas of force usage, and if light really = good and dark actually = evil, this is a better game in every way. I couldn't hate the villian as much as I wanted to and I appreciated that events that were portrayed as ""good"" in KotOR one were sometimes questionedif truly morally acceptable in KotOR 2. They gray areas of Light vs Dark, Jedi vs Sith is the focus of KotOR 2, and wow, sorry not sorry, Revan really would lose to the Exile in a fight.Pro tip, make sure to talk to all companions and train them in the force. The game is practically impossible if you dont."
76561198155332361,Recommended,208580,35015267,Posted: 16 September,all,djdrumsplay,"While I believe I'm with the majority of gamers in enjoying the 1st KOTOR the most, I have to say this sequel is very, very good. The story has many layers that continuously peel back to reveal something grander for players to enjoy. The 1st game had players retracing the steps of the antagonist(s); KOTOR II has players trying to hunt down and simultaneously evade multiple antagonists that are very interesting and challenging. Getting to see some familiar faces from the 1st game while enjoying a host of new NPCs and characters, there are no dull conversations or plot points in KOTOR II. Sure the game isn't as polished as its predecessor (due to a rushed release), but it's still highly enjoyable and shouldn't be missed. And thanks to the awesome modders who gave us TSLRCM, we can all enjoy this game again after 14 years in a whole new light...or dark, if you like! Seriously, if you think of yourself as a true Star Wars fan or even just a gamer who loves RPGs, you need to play this game at least once. I know I'm glad I did."
76561198046813226,Recommended,208580,34953148,Posted: 14 September,all,Luftace109,"A must have for any Star Wars FanPros:-Chose to go light side or dark side or neither-Can be a gunslinger, Single or dual wield or use a double edged lightsaber-Many force powers depending on what path you take-Fantastic Storyline with interesting characters-Lore from long before the moviesCons:-Combat takes some getting used to and probably not what you expect-Can get stuck at parts of the storyline because of the very linear nature of itOverall: 9/10 For the price of this game every Star Wars fan should pick up a copy."
76561198050556237,Recommended,208580,35223049,Posted: 26 September,all,jkhan1001,"If you like Star Wars AT ALL, then this game is for you. If you want an expansion on some of the more ignored aspects of the universe, then this game is necessary for you. The gameplay and story is deeper than the first KOTOR, and you might end up needing to google one or two things that you may miss otherwise.I've played this game 4 times since it's release in 2005, first on Xbox, then twice through a torrent and then on steam. It has never seemed dull or repetive (Except for the first level, my god no more Peragus Mining Facility) and different things have always happened in the story and with my companions. Owing to the somewhat rushed release, mods are absolutely necessary, especially the Restored Content Mod, which re-includes content originally intended for the game. If you like an immersive story, fascinating and enjoyable characters, and a fun combat system, then get it. I cannot recommend it enough"
76561198094296117,Recommended,208580,35228737,Posted: 26 September,all,kyle1r97,"It has more item mods than the predecessor but the crafting isn't very useful unless you spec into it. I like most of the characters, although 1 or 2 companions are made obsolete depending on the story order. There's a good number an variety of side missions although I wasn't able to complete the ones revolving around speeder races. The story and main character aren't as fun/compelling, but at least this one dosn't break on modern computers. 7/10"
76561198046314564,Recommended,208580,35091826,Posted: 20 September,all,HQ DOOMER2U,"As someone who has completed the game multiple times on pc and on the original xbox, I can say that the worst thing about this game is the graphics are obviously alittle dated.This game, along with kotor, both are hard to play for long periods of time because the old graphics can strain you eyes, but I have the best time playing these games and I'd suggest anybody who wants to have an enjoyable RPG and some really memorable moments purchase these games."
76561198092747494,Recommended,208580,35191350,Posted: 24 September,all,Shaquillis O'Neal,better than shaq fu
,Recommended,208580,7901342,"Posted: 3 December, 2013",all,Koreaboo,"Probably my favourite Star Wars game in existence.I know, some of you will say ""Nuh-uh, KoTOR 1 is obviously superior"", but the story in this one is a little bit more interesting. The main cast also have more personality than the first game. Your actions in the game also have an effect on your party, allowing you to actually turn light side characters to the dark side, and vice versa.The only downside is that the combat is a little dated. I don't mind it, but if you're not into old style CRPGs, it might put you off. I would still give it a go, however, becuase the story and dialogue is engaging enough that the combat doesn't really matter.Also there is widescreen and Steam Workshop support now. (I wish they would do this for the first game, but eh...) A huge plus."
,Recommended,208580,35193138,Posted: 24 September,all,Drexelhand,"interesting how awesome a game can be even when it was rushed, incomplete, and a bit buggy.improves on the first one in a number of ways. not as satisfying a story, but was fun to explore. this & the first were my go to games when my system sucked. still fun. shame the mmo wasn't as cool imo, but these have held up well enough to replay."
,Recommended,208580,35229566,Posted: 26 September,all,darthmonkey28,Probably my Favorite game of all time I don't write reviews often but for this game...I will its amazing the only game in past years that have come close to this Was the Witcher 3 period. I HIGHLY recommend this game.
76561198128911430,Recommended,208580,28520208,"Posted: 21 December, 2016",all,GhostPilot226,"Great game like the original, but an even better feel."
76561198042945878,Recommended,208580,35278985,Posted: 28 September,all,EpicGrade,"Owned this game before it was on steam, played many times over.11/10 This is one of the best RPG's ever..(Finished by fans). lol"
76561198240549844,Recommended,208580,28262886,"Posted: 8 December, 2016",all,The Senate,"It's honestly difficult to summarize just how much this game gets right as a story driven RPG. I would argue that it is superior to the original in many ways.The mechanics, graphics, and animations are all pretty good for their time, but rather dated by today's standards. The combat uses a point and click tactical turn based mechanic that may turn you off from the game at first, as it did for me, but it grows on you.The story, characters, and surrounding lore are some of the best I have ever encountered in any game, ever. The story is a dark and intruiguing twist on the traditional star wars story, an exploration of the underlying implications of the existence of the force, the jedi and the sith. It will challenge your perceptions and question you at every step, as all great works of art do. It is far more complex and nuanced than all 6 star wars movies combined. It's definetely my favorite story in gaming, ever, as well as my favorite star wars story ever. I really wish the new movies would have this kind of depth of world and character, instead of constantly rehashing plot points of the original trilogy. The downside of this is that if you go into this game looking for a classic Star Wars experience, you may be dissappointed. Nevertheless, I would argue that the game is good enough that you should give it an open-minded, fair chance.I also think the characters are written in a way that we unfortunately rarely see anymore. Rather than trying to sell you a persona, the companions in this game give off the impression of real people with real struggles and real depth and complexity. This isn't to say they are boring. In fact, they are really interesting and compelling, more so than the cast of the first game in my opinion.The writing is also very open ended, in the sense that you could play through the entire game and miss out on several plot points if you don't really pay attention. Many aspects of the major twists and turns of the story are implied but not explicitly mentioned. This is an approach to storytelling that encompasses the entire game, and it forces a level of engagement that other games don't by making the player truly discover major elements of the story for themselves. This makes the overall experience much more memorable than it would be if everything was simply spoonfed to you through random exposition (as it sometimes was in KOTOR 1).The game forces you to ask questions, about yourself, your companions, the force, and the galaxy.Why is Kreia always so vague and mysterious? Why does that Atton fellow enjoy Pazzak so much? Why do your companions all join you so readily? And why is the navigation computer of your shipped locked off by the astromech?If you do play the game, be sure to install the Restored content mod, which restores a bunch of content that was cut due to this game's rushed release. You can get it off of the steam workshop if you don't want to have to manually install it.I could go on and on about this game, but I don't want to spoil anything important. TSL is best enjoyed taking your time and paying some serious attention to the details. It is more than a game. It is an experience, a work of art.Just be advised that if you enjoy compelling stories and characters in games, or are an open-minded star wars fan, you absolutely owe it to yourself to play this game."
,Recommended,208580,6753782,"Posted: 10 January, 2013",all,Randall Flagg,"Knights of the Old Republic I and II are amazing. Incredible storyline, well developed characters and very detailed worlds. The gameplay itself is a little simplistic and combat is a bit weird, but not too distracting.These games do bring up two questions:It's millenia before the events of the original movies, why is technology almost exactly the same? (general Star Wars observation)And what the HELL is wrong with George Lucas that anyone but him can make a great Star Wars story. Seriously, this is so much better than anything Lucas has done with Star Wars since the original trilogy."
76561198021946379,Recommended,208580,35423533,Posted: 2 October,all,RobertComeau82,"Ran into a game breaking bug that wont let me proceed on Korriban, but this is one of the greatest games ever made.  How the ♥♥♥♥ does CoD get a new game every 2 years but we only got 2 Kotor's?"
76561198170902655,Recommended,208580,35455842,Posted: 3 October,all,megadoomer,"good game, great follow up on the first, would recommend for the story."
76561198066629132,Recommended,208580,35430955,Posted: 2 October,all,GarthKnight,"Excellent game, 10/10 would play again. And again. The TSLRCM mod is fantastic as well, would recommend. I think they developed the dark side playthrough much better than the first game, so if you're interested in that it's great."
,Recommended,208580,35313538,Posted: 29 September,all,RockerBear,"-Played game for 21-ish hours.-About 20 was spent trying to finish Peragus.-Rage quit. Cried a lot.-Then, I found KOTOR II Restored Content Modification, along with Skip Peragus and other mods.-My whole life was changed.-No more (bleep)ing Peragus. No more pain. No more tears. Just gameplay.-And then... I found that planet. That one planet with all those dang robots. I thought it was integral to the plot, so I sat down for about 30 hours to try and figure that dang planet out.-After many more tears, pain, and heartache, along with a few awkward glitches and well-placed crashes, I found out toward the end of that whole debacle...-THAT WAS JUST A DANG MOD PLANET.-Now I see why they cut it from the game. That planet was a little slice of hell.8/10 would download mods to completely change game and save/ruin my life again.Seriously, though, if you're considering buying this game, definitely get the Restored Content Mod and Skip Peragus. You'll thank me later."
76561198108299718,Recommended,208580,35453734,Posted: 3 October,all,Walle[t],"I have a really mixed opinion on this game. On one hand the general experience was great (though I still prefer the first KOTOR), but the ending. Oh boy the ending. If you do decide to play this game make sure you install the restored content mod. I only recommend to buy this game on sale because of the ending (imagine having the time of your life and then getting a big slap to the face)."
76561198326637602,Recommended,208580,35463877,Posted: 3 October,all,eveion,With mods it's almost perfect
,Recommended,208580,34029616,Posted: 4 August,all,crazycrepe23,its okay
76561198294013353,Recommended,208580,35483814,Posted: 4 October,all,Nick | SuperiorServers.Co,This game is good but doesn't support my pc rip
76561198128965976,Recommended,208580,35499721,Posted: 5 October,all,wrightinthesky,"One of my most favorite games of all time! I still remember my first playthrough at the age of 8 on the Original Xbox Every playthrough makes me love the game even more, especially with TSLRCM installed, you'll not regret buying this. This game is more dialogue heavy than KOTOR 1, if you pay attention close to the dialogue, you will be amazed."
76561198006718103,Recommended,208580,35496841,Posted: 5 October,all,nayrrd,Good game not as good as STAR WARS™ Knights of the Old Republic but still not that far off being as good would buy again
