user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
,Recommended,208650,32430981,Posted: 15 June,all,PConsoul,"This is the best Batman Arkham Game everUPDATE: ok so, you want me to really give a reason why. This is my opinionThis game is bigger most of the thing whether it be story, map, feature, mission and of course detail. For me, I like a game with detail and ester egg. With the big game like this, but the price is so low. Only story is worth the money already. Speaking of sequel, let's compare them a little bit. This game was back to be developed by Rocksteady, same studio with Arkham Asylum and Arkham City which is one of the best Batman game. The game first has a lot of problem but now it's in a good condition now. Not only that it has all feature from the previous game, it also have new feature. One of the best thing that I like in this game is Batmobile. It's not just a car, it's a tank+car which is so fun to play with. There're also a lot of challenges too which act like a mini game for you to use you Gatget or skill that you have in the game. The thing that I really hate in this game is The Riddler. You have to collect all his trophy to end the game 100% and this game have them like 10 time more than The Arkham City one. Also, the thug in the game talk so much which is annoying sometimes. This Arkham game is also the last Arkham game of Rocksteady too. So, it's the closure both for the developer and the Batman Arkham series. And this is all my thought about the game. You might don't like what I like. It's your decision. That's all I wanna say.About performence:I usei3-2100/GTX960/RAM12GB (lower than this is unplayable because the fps would be so low)-My setting is about low-medium-the fps is around 40-60. fps drop sometimes but not lower than 30.-fps mostly drop in Batmobile race mode rather than Batmobile battle mode and combat.-While driving through the city really fast I will experience a microfreeze. Not so much but quite often sometime."
76561198026572987,Not Recommended,208650,16636837,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,Bonbons,"Edit 30/10/2015  People are still commenting on this review so I'm making this edit to let people know this wasn't updated to reflect current patches in the game.  I returned the product shortly after it was released.  There has since been two performance patches which reportedly improve things.  I decided not to purchase it again as it's so close to November when other games launch and my time is limited ATM.*** If your interested in purchasing the game look for more current reviews. ***---Played it for around an hour so far.The combat is fun and responsive, the gliding is great and the game looks okay (AF is set to 4 by default which makes some textures look awful).  That's the good parts.The bad parts are the framerate issues which are all over the place and the batmobile.  The game will frequently pause or dip to sub 10 fps on a gtx 970 when entering or approaching new areas.  Cutscenes have similar issues to witcher 3 in that while in engine they run at even less fps (by default the game itself is locked to 30, tweakable in the ini files) than the normal game making them stutter or appear stilted.Summoning the batmobile causes major frame rate drops.  At one point I summoned the car to try the batmobile takedown move.  By the time the frame rate recovered the batmobile had crushed the pack of guys I was fighting including the Riddler henchman I wanted to interrogate.The batmobile itself handles awfully.  There are forced batmobile sections which involve chasing targets such as tanks or vehicles.  The handling makes some turns difficult to pull off and the vehicle feels clunky.  Some have recommended turning into a tank for a small amount of time for more precise control but this kills all momentum.  Tank mode is really boring but necessary to take out armored vehicles.  If you eject while under attack from armored vehicles batman will get upset someone is wrecking his car.  There doesn't appear to be a way (yet) to deal with vehicles without the batmobile which ruins the feel of the prior batman games.  Hopefully the need for the batmobile is limited later in the game.Unless this is patched soon it's definitely a refund.  I bought the game based on the prior Rocksteady Batman titles which played well on launch but this is a terrible PC port.  Never really expected the game to turn out this way but I guess alarm bells should have triggered when there was no PC review prior to launch.Edit:For those commenting my PC is below min specs. It's notWin 7SP1i5 3570k8gigs ramSSD970 GTXIf you want to see what the gameplay was like for me see this video by RPS.  It was less frequent than in the video but it's the exact same symtoms.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=37KpOYVrLZM"
,Not Recommended,208650,16640796,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,One Last Light,If you see a PC port from WB...WARN A BROTHER.
,Not Recommended,208650,16635081,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,Donald Dark,"Sorry devs, but thats it. You really have to fix your game before releasing it10 worst gaming optimizations out of 10"
76561198142060434,Not Recommended,208650,16638364,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,Rep it Ralph,Oooh lovely 23 FPSThis game says one thing to me if it dosen't change... REFUND*UPDATE*I refunded this about 6 months ago
,Recommended,208650,23828190,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,Savor_Savvy,Refunded before. Re-bought it during Steam Summer Sale 2016. Glad i did that. The game is well balanced now. Highly recommended.
76561197966879812,Not Recommended,208650,16686270,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,Sikklid,"SAD to see our beloved hobby go down in flames like this.  Been gaming since Atari 2600 and this gen has just been full of lies, fake ""real-time"" in-game footage (sleazy marketing swines) by publishers and Nvidia, and blatant false advertising - this is all besides the nickel and diming of microtransactions and chopped games to sell DLC.Enough is enough.  This was it for me, especially after taking time off work for this launch, paying for what I expect to be a working product (as advertised and flaunted by puclishers/Nvidia as high performance graphical tech), and spending these AAA launch days extremely frustraed just trying to get them running at a barely decent playable level rather than enjoying playing the game.  Giving them our money for broken products is unacceptable and the FTC should step in at this point to assist with consumer rights.I NEVER preorder yet I allowed everyone's hype to convinced me to do so.  I will certainly not be preordering or purchasing any games on day one until I see the ACTUAL game running on either youtube or twitch."
76561198087612327,Not Recommended,208650,16638357,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,prtmsarkar1,Pretty bad situation cant even start the game with gtx 980 m built in card .Worst optimization ever by rocksteady
,Not Recommended,208650,17321979,"Posted: 31 July, 2015",all,King of Memes,I can read an actual Batman comic at a higher fps0/10
76561198159642002,Not Recommended,208650,16638289,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,themule1216,"This is one of the worst PC  ports i have ever seen. It's basically the ps4 version shoveled onto pc like the massive pile of crap it is.  It's locked to 30 fps and still runs like crap. It has constant stuttering and the most bare bones options menu i have ever seen in a modern title. Gameworks destroys my framerate on a 970 and it's even worse for amd users. The game looks awful and the mothionblur effect, which can't be turned off, is nauseating.Stay away from this game. If you pre-purchased it, take advantage of the new return policy."
76561197960609777,Not Recommended,208650,16676577,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,Alpha-Zulu,"Crappy performance. FPS capped at 30 FPS, lack of advanced graphics options, lot of textures bugs. Game was outsourced to a third party developer and did a shoddy job on the port.Don't buy this garbage."
76561198033559205,Not Recommended,208650,16638337,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,louisalor,"Horrible game, it continously flickers upon launch. Can't be played with GTX 970M 16GB RAM."
,Not Recommended,208650,16639733,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,Rousseau,"Disaster. Pre-load BSOD (not kidding, happened while it was trying to unpack) 4 hours of start-up repair followed by needing to download another 33 gigs. Load the game, no PC specific settings, 5 or 6 unskkipable intro scenes, 30 FPS lock and it CTD with a Fatal Error when I ran the performance test.Do not buy and endorse this absurdity."
76561198044522566,Not Recommended,208650,25316942,"Posted: 2 September, 2016",all,KaizokuNinja,"It's been over a year now...I finally bought the game on a steam sale only to discover it is absolute garbage.  My system excceds the recommended specs...all drivers are current and it still crashes 9/10 times it tries to move from a cinematic into game play.  Rocksteady's response to my inquires was ""We regret to inform you that at this time we are no longer supporting or adding material to the PC release.""  So Rocksteady can kiss my business good bye.  They have had a year to fix this...they put it back up for sale and the game is still broken.  Don't buy it.  Give your money to someone that makes games that are working on release and offers support to their customers.Update:  Finally got this game working on 9-25-16.  Took a lot of efforts going through forums on steam and on other 3rd party sites.  I appreciate the input of so many commentators below.  That said I stand buy the review and the recommendation.  A player should not have to resort to the player forums, mods and the fan community to get a product to work.  It is poor customer support, planning and product management.  Rocksteady provided no help in their communications.  Steam support actually refered me to more resources and they followed up.  Rocksteady dropped the ball on this product.  I called them on it.  I stand by it.Update 2:  10-18-16 After months of trying to log on to WBPlay Forums to get the Zur En Arrh skin I brought up the problem in the WB Forums.  Was their reaction to provide support?  Was it to unlock the skin for me?  Was it to apologize for their poopr infrastructure and almost 60 day delay in being able to access content I was promised?  None of the above.  Instead they banned my account and access the the WBPlay site for life.  Not just Arkham Knight but ALL WBPlay forums, community access and other information.  This game and everyone involved in it are a sick joke.  To hell with Rocksteady, to hell with WB and to hell with Arkham Knight.  Don't buy it.  You can't get any support unless its from the players.  They are the one redeeming quality of this crap pile of a game."
76561198054083868,Not Recommended,208650,17079097,"Posted: 16 July, 2015",all,Samuel L. Jackson,"I had the graphics on full settings until around halfway through the game when it lagged out so much that I thought I had suddenly returned to the game E.T. the Extra-Terrestrial.However, I will try to focus on the actual game instead of the graphics.Good:- Interesting story- Good number of returning villains- Interesting villains, not just boring ones (with the exception of the Riddler)- Funny thug dialogue- Good, new fighting mechanics (not including the Batmobile)- Allows you to use the Batmobile- Introduces new classic characters (Lucius Fox, Red Hood, Man-Bat)- Gives returning characters more development along with their own missions (Azrael, Firefly, Deathstroke)- DLC isn't just rehashed ideas- Good references and easter eggsBad:- Story gets repetitive in some places- Some returning villains have extremely boring side missions (Riddler, Deathstroke, Hush)- New villains also have extremely boring side missions (Pyg, Deacon Blackfire)- Riddler riddles are getting REALLY BORING- You have to solve all 243 riddles to complete the game 100%, which is complete bullsh*t- Deathstroke, the only villain who can match Batman's skill, is reduced to a tank battle boss fight- Fan-favourite villains aren't in the game (Deadshot, Bane, Mr Freeze)- The Batmobile is overused, and it is used in almost all side missions at least 3 times- The Batmobile removes the need for avoiding sentry guns, allowing you ro just run them overAnd an honourable mention:- Rocksteady completely ignored PC gamers and focused on Xbox and PS"
76561198007958811,Not Recommended,208650,16674366,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,dimentionalrift,"This is another example of a AAA title ported to PC and getting ruined to a state of complete disarray because the developers have the ""bright"" idea to focus on crap consoles and outsource over a third of their market to some shady, virtually unknown, 3rd party dev team to do the PC porting.I actually had high hopes for this game after Asylum and City (never played Origins), but I feel now the same way I have when Darksiders 2 came out...I guess the only thing that sort of saves me is the hardware I have, but what the hell is this crap about capping the frame rate?I thought only Ubisoft is into the FPS capping♥♥♥♥♥♥..I'm sitting on a G1 GTX980, 16GB DDR4 and an Intel i7 5960X - and I get dips under 50 at minimum in certain places during the benchmark test the game offers in the main menu with a res of 1920x1080 (24"" screen) and everything else enabled and maxed out...if that's the case for me, I dread to think of what people with more mainstream setups experience."
76561197970334671,Not Recommended,208650,16638137,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,MaxWham,"It's a sad day... not for a Batman fan, but for a PC gamer, who waited, who anticipated and who paid for the game. In this state, it's total garbage, and absolute disdain for PC gamers all around the world. So what we have: blur, ""normal"" for highest texture setting, Blur, 30 fps lock, more BLUR God dammit! And of course the most grandeur thing is: TA-DA NVIDIA no Ambient Occlusion and rain effects!!!http://i.imgur.com/Md7V0YZ.pngYeah guys, you shouldn't have killed the Joker, 'cos now you yourselves are no more than a sad sad joke...P.S. I've played only 40 minutes, 'cos game crashed and I've checked cache... Stuped me, now I'm downloading this for the third time)))I can really smell the Joker around)))"
,Not Recommended,208650,16745944,"Posted: 27 June, 2015",all,Accel,Runs worse than Assassins Creed Unity. Let that sink in for a moment.
,Recommended,208650,26045163,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,Nudiustertian,"When I played Arkham Origins, I thought it was a fine game with some notable flaws that made it inferior to Arkham City, but all would be made right with the release of Arkham Knight. But that's not exactly what happened -- instead, I think Arkham Knight is a fine game with some notable flaws that make it inferior to Arkham City.Let's tackle the first elephant in the room: the botched port and initial release. It stank up Steam so bad that it single-handedlykickstartedpopularized the refund policy (thanks to Link XL1 for pointing out refunds actually started a bit earlier than AK), and it was the reason I held off on actually buying it until a good long while had passed, despite being a massive fan of the series. I can be brief about this: my brand new rig has 16 GB of memory and a GTX 1070, and the game runs at a near-constant 70 FPS at 1440p maxed settings while looking absolutely gorgeous. Now, I get that not everyone has had that experience, or will have that experience, but I can only judge the game on how it plays for me at this point in time, and I have no reason to complain. That's not to say I tihnk that putting out a release as broken as this one is in any way acceptable or excusable -- it's not -- but I'm not going to count it against the game in its current state.The same can't be said for elephant number two, which is the Batmobile. The Dynamic Duo in this game isn't Batman and Robin, but Batman and his amazing rooftop-hopping car. It quickly veers from cool into silly and contrived, and about the only thing missing is the Batmobile doing inverted takedowns (itdoeshang upside down a few times, so that's not as implausible as it sounds...). They made sure you can't miss out on the experience by putting in vehicular combat and puzzles that require the Batmobile, but I found myself more frustrated than entertained by these sections. Despite what the game designers thought, it would have been completely fine if the Batmobile had just been there as a cooler way of getting you from A to B. Throw in the optional racetracks for the people who like that sort of thing, I'm fine with that. Have maybeonesequence where the Batmobile gets to slug it out with a tank or helicopter, sure. But repeated vehicular combat sequences and painfully forced puzzle sequences just detract from the experience. While you can avoid almost all racing and puzzles if you just don't go after the Riddler (as if!) the tank battles are there to stay. It's as if someone baked you a delicious, velvety smooth chocolate cake, except that they mixed in crunchy peanuts to chip your teeth on, because they read somewhere that chocolate and peanuts go well together.There are a lot of things Arkham Knight gets right, too. The meat and potatoes of the game, combat and predator encounters, work as smooth as ever, and there are the requisite tweaks and new moves to keep things interesting without completely unbalancing things like the shock gloves in Origins did. There's a smorgasbord of villains on the loose in Gotham waiting for you to arrest them, and they all involve different gameplay, so you can easily mix things up without getting bored. The voice acting is top notch, both from the regulars and the guest villains (special tip of the hat to Dwight Schultz, who plays a terrifying Professor Pyg -- I was surprised to find out it was him when I looked it up). The story is engaging, and I'm happy to say that's still the case even if you had the identity of the Arkham Knight spoiled before you picked up the game, like I did. I especially like the way the writers justified the issue of Batman suddenly deciding to stick massive guns on his Batmobile (even if they do conveniently fire ""non-lethal rounds"" when targeting humans). If this sounds a bit out of character for Batman, it's because it is... and you'll find out why as you play the game. Having said that, I'm definitely not a fan of the ending (the true ending you get with 100% completion), which is deliberately ambiguous on the ultimate fate of Batman and Gotham. It's not terrible, I can live with it, but it still feels like a cop-out and something the writers could absolutely have avoided in favor of a stronger statement. As a cap to the whole series, it's a bit underwhelming.Arkham Knight gets an easy ""recommended"" from me, but it's not as great as the final installment could have been."
76561198086764470,Not Recommended,208650,16759647,"Posted: 28 June, 2015",all,Black Beard,Award winning game for Most Terrible Performance.
76561198238173380,Not Recommended,208650,19087970,"Posted: 14 November, 2015",all,Firesandwich,This game is incredible.Just don't buy it on PC.
76561198039187120,Recommended,208650,24581416,"Posted: 28 July, 2016",all,Spiffy_nerd,"Holy♥♥♥♥♥♥did they fix this game.When the PC port of Arkham Knight was first released, it was literal trash. Dropping framerates, missing textures, game crashes. Fast-forward to a year and ahalf later and the game is amazing. Only about two times did my framerate ever stutter during the entire game (note im playing on my laptop), even on some of the lowest settings the game looked and sounded beautiful, definitely my favorite depiction of Gotham in any Batman game I have ever playedAnd thats just the technical sideTHE STORYoh my godTHE STORYIts predictable, its slightly cheesy, but it goddamn feels like a living comic book and if it doesnt make you feel like the goddamn Batman than my name isnt Marco Crump. Its got just enough humor, danger, suspense, and playfulness that is needed in a batman game.The best part? Gotham is *Donald Trump Voice* YUGEPlenty of side quests, plenty of scenery, plenty of everythingAlso the batmobile is a ♥♥♥♥ing Tank9/10 would drain my bank account again"
,Not Recommended,208650,16664011,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,He Hurr,"Everything about this game just makes me want to scream and throw my computer, even after confiuring my settings it still runs terrible. Why rocksteady, why???"
,Not Recommended,208650,19104007,"Posted: 15 November, 2015",all,Abandonment Issue Enthusiast,Batman has devised a new gadget to crash the computers of his enemies.It's called Batman: Arkham Knight.
,Recommended,208650,22965187,"Posted: 13 May, 2016",all,Yorke Hunt,"I'm pretty sure this game is a big part of why Steam updated the review system to show ""overall"" and ""recent"" reviews.  Upon launch this game was apparently unplayable due to how poorly it was ported to PC, and hopefully the flack WB Games got for it will teach developers in the future to show more care for their PC releases...however, the game itself (once the bulk of the bugs were worked out) is actually pretty fun.As usual, the storyline is solid.  The Arkham games in general have been some of the best adaptations of Batman from the comics ever.  And Batman rarely translates well from the comics.After Scarecrow got his face chewed off by Killer Croc in Arkham City, he's come back for revenge on Batman, and this time he's brought along a new player, the Arkham Knight.  The Arkham Knight is someone we haven't seen in the Arkham series before, but if you're familiar with the comics, you'll have fun trying to figure out who it is behind the mask, and why they're hell bent on destroying Batman.As with every other game, Riddler's been leaving trophies and graffiti around town, but this time he's got a hostage, you have to complete various challenge levels with Catwoman to help her defuse an explosive collar, and you're able to switch between the two in real-time to help them work together more efficiently.  This feature is also present whenever you're fighting alongside Robin.There are more toys, this time around.  The Batarangs, Batclaw, Line Launcher and Explosive Gel are still there, but this time you also get a voice synthesizer to command henchmen around for Predator challenges (until they inevitably catch on to the deception), a disruptor (which I think may have also been in Arkham City, I'm not sure), the Remote Hacking Device has more utility this time around and you can even call in the Batmobile to whereever you are in the city, even if you left it way on the other end of the map, it seems to always conveniently be just around the corner.  But I won't complain.There are street battles against the Arkham Knight's tanks, there's environment takedowns during fight sequences, there are car chases, there's an even wider variety of takedown methods...there's just so much more to the (presumably) final installation of the Arkham series...so if you liked the previous games but are worried it's just more of the same, worry not.  It's totally worth it.  And if you're apprehensive because of how buggy everyone said it was at launch, don't worry, it's fine now.  I only had one issue my entire time playing it, and I'd practically beaten the game by the time it happened, I started clipping through buildings.  Just reloading from a previous save fixed it, I only lost a couple minutes of gliding through the city, no big deal.I give it an 8.5/10, I really liked this damn game."
,Not Recommended,208650,16634608,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,R3P01012,Dont buy if you're using AMD
,Not Recommended,208650,16637940,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,MinDBlanKSCO,"Shocking launch.Verifying cache fails everytime (4965 files), crashing consistently now. Having to download the full 36gb for a second time.168kb update actually broke it more. Nothing on update page mentions what this was for.I have nothing else to say about it, yet.Edit *Refund requested, purely out of principle. Had enough of crappy ports."
,Recommended,208650,25694185,"Posted: 25 September, 2016",all,Ƭøϻ,"It makes me feel so sad when something as technical as a PC port can dull a game, something that it's much more that just that.IntroductionBatman Arkham Knight is the conclusion of the epic Arkham series developed by Rockstedy.Sincerely, when you play the Arkham Knight, you don't feel you are playing just a superhero game which is usually some kind of marketing for a movie, you feel you are playing a brand new video game saga, and this game takes that to a whole new level in every wayGameplayThere is no need to say that apart from the Batmobile (whose use is forced sometimes) there are almost no new gameplay features that were not introduced in previous instances, something that I think is missing are new animations, because Rocksteady has been using the same ones since Asylum, that would make it feel even more freshApart from that I honestly think that the control is perfect, there are lot of gameplay opportunities, and and the best part of the game is it's rhythm, it'sINSANEyou are always moving, there is always something happening all the time, that's why the game doesn't feel static at any timeStoryI will make no Spoilers about this, I will just say that the story is totally gripping, it's unpredictable and full of twistes, it made me stay stuck to the screen all the timeBut, I think that the games biggest fault is the following: The campaign is a bit too long. By any means Im saying that I don't like long game storys, they are my favorites, but there are some parts of the campaign that could be omitted, some parts that you feel that are there just to fill spaces, unnecessarily oneGraphicsHonestly, I can't believe this game runs on Unreal Engine 3 (well it's some kind of Unreal Engine 3.5 in fact) it looks so breathtaking in the most pure meaning of the wordI would like to remark this fieldsRain:The best I've seen in any video gameCharacter models:Truly at another level, just take a look at Batman, Catwoman, Scarecrow or the Arkham Knight and you will see what I'm taking aboutParticle Effects:Seeing the sparks after an explosion leaves you like ._.Depth of Field:The best dynamic DoF I've seen, it's smart, effective, beautiful, perfectly used and its not distracting at any pointOptimizationAs it is right now, I would say it's an OK port, because it runs well and it's not so demanding, but there could be more graphics optionsConclusionBatman Arkham Knight is, in my own opinion, the best Batman and superhero game ever made, a must have if you like action-adventure games.9.7/10"
76561198031324041,Recommended,208650,30747673,Posted: 26 March,all,Mumm-Ra,"First off lets talk about optimisation. The game had a terrible release 2 years ago, which has been widely documented.If  thats all that is keeping you from picking this title up then have no fear! , it took them long enough but its fixed.I hold a solid 60fps with a 970 asus strix, all settings maxed except the extra nivida fluff. If you have a monster rig go ahead and turn those on but I don't see much difference between on/off and it hogs VRAM. That being said..Almost immediately ingame you are introduced to the batmobile, get used to it apparently the dev team fell in love with their creation as it is USED ALOT. I really liked it myself but near the end it really is a bit much, I would have preferred some more hand to hand fights with the super villains of Gotham.The combat is pretty much unchanged from City which is no surprise as they have influenced other games with this system. Some new gadgets are introduced though which is neat when it comes to puzzle solving or taking down groups of henchmen.The storyline is fantastic and shouldn't be spoiled, you need to go in unaware and get ready to be shocked! Strong voice acting supports this especially a stand out performance by John Noble as Scarecrow.One big thing that everyone should know is the whole mess with the ending(s).If you are not going for 100% completion then do NOT and I repeat do NOT finish the main storyline with all side quests complete.Doing so leaves you only the riddler trophies  and the game locks you into the 100% game completion to see the ending/credits. Which means you need to hunt down 243 riddles across all maps/buildings....Solution - Leave 1 side quest incomplete while you finish the main storyline and then you can avoid the riddler and his riddles.If you do go for it then don't worry, some of the puzzles are fun, it took me 20 hours extra but it wasn't really that boring at all.So in summary -+ Great Graphics+ Marvelous soundtrack and voice acting+ Arkham combat system- Riddler trophies for complete ending"
76561198051006138,Recommended,208650,32327253,Posted: 10 June,all,Joey Wheeler,"Arkham Knight wraps up the batman series nicely. Gameplay is the best in the series with the batmobile and hand to hand combat. You can easily spend 30+ hours completing everything to get the true ending even though it all hapens in one night lol. I got this game with the dlc when it was on sale and was worth every dollar. Get the premium edition as it adds alot more gameplay but like I said, get it on sale."
,Recommended,208650,31596149,Posted: 6 May,all,Akka,"Three stars: Funhttp://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=920753548ProsOutstanding visual style, voice acting, and characterization.Improved melee combat (no longer able to cheese by mashing counter).The absolute best performance from Rocksteady's Joker.Performance issues mostly resolvedConsOverused batmobile combat quickly becomes tedious padding.Major villains relegated to repetitive sidequests, little screentime for Scarecrow.The fewest and least impressive boss battles in the series.Ending cutscene locked behind ABSURD amount of busywork quests, thanks YouTube.This game had a very rocky start on PC. Two years later the optimization has been tweaked and many of the issues resolved. If you ever find this game on sale again then absolutely pick it up. It's only a shame this game didn't launch fixed in the first place.GameplayCConceptA new take on Rocksteady's batman franchise, this time including the batmobile.ControlsSame as usual, controller recommended for 3rd person melee combat.Duration15 hours for the main campaign.VarietyThe game shifts gears between traditional gameplay and new bat tank sectionsEnemiesNew enemy types require different inputs to incapacitateVisualBGraphicsBatman has never looked this good.Art StyleRealisticAtmosphereDark, brooding, vengefulLevel DesignSandbox Gotham City separates you from your next objectivePerformanceThough mostly fixed, the game will stutter for a moment as it loads new areas even if you're just flying overhead. These small issues keep it from snagging an A. You can bump the fps to 60 or even 90 in the options.SoundBMusicThematically appropriate, but devoid of any memorable tracks.Voice actingOutstanding.SFXStandard fare, but the voice modulation is hilarious.PlotBImpetusScarecrow is going to gas GothamObjectiveKick his♥♥♥♥♥StorylineMostly tows the line with the source material. The method of Joker's inclusion was a stroke of genius, and everything he does is so brilliant he nearly carries the game by himself.CutscenesBrilliantly animated with an oustanding introduction.SpectacleCFunI hate almost everything about the overused car segments--There's too much padding keeping you from the decent traditional gameplay I love.ImpactAwe-inspiring heights with occasional sad moments.DifficultyNormalChallengeThe same level of difficluty in combat, stealth, and light puzzle solving you've seen in every recent Batman game.LivesIf you fail any combat section you'll start from the beginning.AchievementsOver 100, you can snag nearly a quarter of them in one typical playthrough."
76561198015370510,Not Recommended,208650,16664982,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,Japa Junior,Joker won...the Batman is dead.
,Recommended,208650,24296710,"Posted: 13 July, 2016",all,Wakane,"Heard about the horrible PC launch and skipped it. My system couldn't handle it anyway.But my Radeon 7870 2GB died. Bought GTX 1070 8GB. Then summer sale came up. Read the ""recent reviews"" that the game was already in a much better condition, so I bought it. After all my graphic card can now handle it.I'm still playing it, but so far only 8 hours now,  I didn't find any technical issues at all. All graphic settings max in 1080p, including all those nVidia specific settings (but use FXAA only), the game runs smoothly. The lowest fps I got was 56fps and it was very very very rarely. Read that 970 could handle it very well, too.So far I like the gameplay, the story (darkest in the series) and really enjoyed it. If you're a Batman fan, or just a action-adventure third person gamer fan, you should get this.Basically it's Arkham City plus Batmobile and with lots and lots of new features and improvements here and there. I understand that Batmobile is a little bit overused. Some even mock ""Be the Batmobile"" should be used instead of ""Be the Batman"". But overall, it's still a great game. One that shouldn't be missed if you have the system to handle it.Plus :Good story (so far)Great gameplayAmazing graphicsHell..it's Batman from RockSteadyMinus:A somewhat too much batmobile gameplay (but still okay for me)Inefficent use of VRAMPS. I read that it still doesn't play well with a few AMD cards, so do some research first if you own AMD cards. Or you can just buy it, try it in your AMD cards, and refund it if it doesn't work well."
,Not Recommended,208650,16687972,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,Neko the Neko,One of the worst ports that i have ever seen in my life.
,Recommended,208650,24223443,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,ShikenNuggets,"I love this game. It's far from perfect, but it's a great game nonetheless. I wouldn't hesitate to recommend it, especially to fans of the previous games.Pros:-You are the goddamn Batman-You get to drive the goddamn Batmobile-You can hang people upside down from gargoyles-Good story with a wide cast of villains-Great ending to the series-Amazing voice acting, as always-Lots of references that comic book fans will appreciate-The game looks fantastic, even on the lowest settings-Gotham itself is extremely detailed-Way less Riddler stuff than in Arkham City (City had 440, this only has 243)-Tons of extra content, including side missions, collectibles, challenge maps, and New Game PlusCons:-Many people still experience serious performance issues-Combat is a bit of a step back from Arkham City-Batmobile is heavily overused in gameplay-Only a couple of real boss fights, and they aren't very creative or interesting-All Riddler collectibles/challenges are required to get the full endingWhile it isn't as good as Arkham City, and there's more Batmobile than I would have liked, it's still a fantastic game and I would definitely recommend getting it if you enjoyed the previous games.As for performance, I was able to run the game at the lowest setting at 1360x768 and get a consistent 60fps. I didn't encounter any issues aside from the occasional lag spike, but as far as I can tell many people still have problems running the game. For reference, here are my specs:Intel Core i7-4770 (3.4GHz)Nvidia GeForce GTX 760 Ti8GB RAMWindows 10"
,Not Recommended,208650,16759500,"Posted: 28 June, 2015",all,Sinnasappel,"This is a somewhat good game,not 60$ good.I'd say buy this only after it's fixed and on sale.Pros:-Gotham city is really fun to explore-The police hub is nice-The suit is pretty much as rad as batman gets-Great Riddler missions-Batmobile exploringCons:-HORRIBLE performance-Reused,rehased storyline from the comics-Boss fights are not really creative are numberd-Have I mentioned the horrible performance?-FPS lock(wtf Rocksteady?)-Overuse of the batmobile to the point where most boss fights are tank fights-combat is the same(maybe that's a plus for some?,idk,nothing's changed from previous Arkham games)"
,Not Recommended,208650,16642158,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,Later-Man,- Start the game- 30 fps and motion blur like long exposure shots of stars over mountaintops- Find ini and =60.00000 and =False that♥♥♥♥♥♥- Game crashes on startup (something about Wwise ♥♥♥♥ing up)- Revert ini changes- Still crashes (Wwise cant get its♥♥♥♥♥♥togeather)- Verify Game cache- 4389 files need to be replaced- What it actually ment is replace the whole ♥♥♥♥ing game- But it left a long♥♥♥♥♥blur as it noped the ♥♥♥♥ off the hard-drive- 34.9 gigs remaining- Batman™: Arkham Early Access available now- Pre-ordering wasn't to Wwise
76561198062103773,Recommended,208650,35152811,Posted: 23 September,all,Theometh,"After completing every Arkham game, I can without a doubt say this is the best one, by farThe story is great and there's a lot of optional things to doThis game has started off poorly after having massive performance issues but it seems like 95% of it has been fixed in the endThis is a fantastic closure for the great series which Arkham definitely is"
,Not Recommended,208650,24988292,"Posted: 18 August, 2016",all,RAH-EGO,"I honestly don’t know if I should recommend this. Was it entertaining? Yes, but mostly because it felt like playing Arkham City again. It’s another Batman game: better than the average action title, but nowhere near as good as its predecessors. Arkham Knight gets so much wrong. Firstly, the story is really two stories that have no business intersecting one another. The game kicks off with Scarecrow threatening to release a cloud of fear toxin over Gotham. Scarecrow could have been an amazing antagonist. Imagine the entire city transformed into a gallery of Batman’s worst nightmares: a surreal hell-scape that would have fit perfectly with the game’s Halloween setting. But all Scarecrow does is say, “You’ll lose, Batman” on TV screens. The fear gas does less than it did in Arkham Asylum. 80% of the story focuses on the new Arkham Knight villain. (If you can’t figure out who the Knight is in the first hour, you should probably question your knowledge of Batman. Yet, somehow Batman himself is perplexed the entire game.) The Arkham Knight leads the story in a terrible direction that feels more like exploring a dystopian cyberpunk world than playing as Batman. He fills Gotham with tanks, drones, and soldiers – far removed from supervillains and detective work. Batman spends most of his time in the Batmobile (also a tank). It’s overused to the point of nauseam. I hate the Batmobile. I hate its slippery controls, how slowly it moves, and how long and tedious its combat feels. Not to mention it kills people. The game tries to gloss over it by giving the tank “dummy” rounds and creating a ridiculous shock field that only zaps enemies when you run them over. But they are absolutely dying, especially when you ram into cars until they’re mangled soup cans. The first game in the series offered Batman a handful of gadgets, but designed the world around using them. Arkham Knight gives him dozens of gadgets and doesn’t have any level design at all. Every patch of Gotham looks like every other patch. It’s ugly, monotone, and lacks any recognizable landmarks. Even the combat feels bloated. Enemies are specialized to such an extent that beating them becomes a chore. Big enemies, electric enemies, ninja enemies, electric ninja enemies, enemies with shields, enemies with electric shields, enemies who heal other enemies and make them electric, enemies with guns, enemies with bigger guns, enemies that require beat-downs, enemies that require shocks, enemies that require the Batarang, enemies with quick-time events. It becomes so ridiculous, the game provides tutorials until the last hour of play. Everything is supersized until you’re gliding from one waypoint to another in a gigantic, empty world. When the story does get some room to breathe, it’s amazing. Some of the villains are even creepy. But they’re treated as afterthoughts. And don’t get me started on the DLC. I really wanted to play as Harley Quinn. In fact, for three games, all I’ve wanted to do is play as Harley Quinn. Know how long her missions are? 20 minutes. I’m betting some players will rush through them in ten. I paid real money for 20 minutes of gameplay? She has THREE fights in her entire story! The other DLC missions are just as bad. Batgirl’s is glitchy and short; no one cares about Red Hood, and all the characters are just dumbed-down versions of Batman. Do not waste your money on the DLC. Oh, and as a final note, yes, the game is finally playable. Barely. My GTX 900 series card runs it at about 40 frames-per-second. It eats up a staggering amount of processing power – so much that my computer will lag for five minutes after closing the program. It’s the worst-optimized game I’ve ever played. Nothing about Arkham Knight compares to its predecessors. Only buy it if you’re really desperate for some Batman action."
76561198147651386,Not Recommended,208650,16640119,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,Shawshkabob,"I waited such a long time for this game and when it finally comes out it won't even run on my computer when I try to run it the screen goes black and I have to restart my computer, fix your game rocksteady."
,Recommended,208650,32807955,Posted: 26 June,all,N-Nani?!,"The Arkham series will always hold a special place in my heart, Asylum was a genre defining game with a superb beat em up style that marks the beginning of a great franchise, City improves upon the first game in every way imaginable and has a kicker of a story to boot, Origins offers a strong cast of villains and highly memorable boss battles. With the release of Arkham Knight, fans of the franchise are expecting a proper sendoff to the Arkham franchise, did it deliver?For the most part it did, the game looks absolutely stunning and plays incredibly smooth without any problems whatsoever, granted I played this game over a year after its horrendous launch plagued by a myriad of bugs and crashes, among other issues. But after the updates, the game has little to no bugs whatsoever. You can tell that Rocksteady put all their hearts into the creation of this game, every bit of Gotham is brimming with detail and feels colorful despite the dark and gritty undertone of the game itself. Character models are beautifully designed and the voice acting from each character are superb. Despite all its positives, most people found the game to not be a proper sendoff to the Arkham series as it did not meet their expectations. Why?For starters, my main gripe about this game is the heavy emphasis on the bat mobile, sure it’s fun to drive every once in a while, but the game shoves it at your face every 15 minutes and create stupidly complex scenarios that requires you to use the bat mobile. For example,why would the Riddler create racetracks for Batman to race on? Why would Deathstroke use a tank to fight Batman? Why would the Arkham Knight use a drill machine to fight Batman?These are just a couple of examples of the stupid scenarios the game puts you in. This brings me to the next problem the game has, memorable boss battles, because the game doesn’t have any. This is a huge disappointment since we got the terrifying Killer Croc battle in Asylum and creative Mr. Freeze battle in City. Boss battles either involve you doing beat em ups with another character or employs the use of the bat mobile, it isn’t fun and definitely not memorable, heck, there isn’t even a final boss battle which imo is really disappointing. The next problem the game has is the lack of a character arc, the only one worth mentioning is Batman’s, which is okay, but this means the rest of the characters get set aside. What made the villains in Asylum and City so memorable is that they have character arcs and interesting side quests that gets you to learn more about them, side missions in this game are the same missions over and over that leads to a boss battle that leads to Batman putting them in jail, end of story.In conclusion, the game is fun and plays well if you’re just looking to play as Batman, but if you have been a fan of the Arkham series like I’ve been; the game falls short, but is an okay sendoff to the beloved Arkham series."
,Recommended,208650,25997859,"Posted: 12 October, 2016",all,YinkYinkYinken,"I have a 3Ghz i5 2320.I have a GTX 970.I have 8Gb of RAM.I have Windows 10.I have a 250GB SSD.I have had no technical issues whatsoever with this game, so from my perspective it was an absolute steal at £8.If you enjoyed the previous Batman titles then you will LOVE this. All the criticism of the Batmobile is excessive in my opinion, it adds to the game immensely.Is it worth full price? Absolutely 100%."
,Recommended,208650,23629488,"Posted: 18 June, 2016",all,[DeNo] The Wicked Viking,"I must say that this game has really taken me by surprise. I understand that it had a rough launch, but they have really done a great job gettin' the game back on its feet. I have had no issues of any technical degree what so ever, since I launched it the first time. It runs smoothly with everything on max graphic settings with a steady 60 fps.So far, the story is good. I would say that the other stories in the previous games had more to offer. The big difference is that some of the first games, like Arkham asylum, had a very linear story, which resulted in them spending more time on main story. I am not saying that it's a bad thing, but it shows that they have focused on a lot more different elements. Arkham knight is a big open world, with a lot of challenges and side missions to complete. The key element to this game, is of course the batmobile that you can use as much as you wish, to drive around the beautiful city. The combat has evolved nicely through the series, with a lot more environment integration. Batman is as awesome as ever, with all his gadgets and suits, that becomes bigger and better as you would expect of the bat!All around the game is really nice, and has a lot to offer. If you are big fan of batman you will of course love all the little easter eggs and references to the universe, with some of the dlc's addin' even more to it. Price is not too bad, for what you are gettin' but i'm sure that it will go on sale soon, with the summer sale coming. Now get out there! A long night awaits!"
,Recommended,208650,28711446,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,Spliceddaddy,"Batman was sick, but he's all patched up and better now."
,Not Recommended,208650,16640108,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,Shiro,"AMD rig here. Up-to-date drivers (beta 15.6).30fps cap.Severe stuttering, especially when driving at high speed.Very limited anti-aliasing solution (the game doesn't look as crisp as in the gameplay trailers).Strike 2 for Warner Bros. this year alone (and even Mortal Kombat X wasn't as bad as this, to give you an idea).Avoid for now."
,Recommended,208650,29256307,Posted: 14 January,all,Blattdorf,"Having 100% the game, I think it was a swell time. Opinions are split on the use of the Batmobile, but people clammored for it for years and then when they got what they wanted, it turns out it wasn't what they wanted. It's quite silly. There's a nice balance between playing as Batman and using the Batmobile, though the devs did want to give the Batmobile a time in the spotlight.I've only played the game way past the original release disaster, and even when buying it on sale I was worried the game would just crash left and right. But I've installed it on my SSD and had 16 GB RAM - everything was fine, sans the occasional bug. Even then, sometimes the game had mild cases of pop-in, but nothing show-stopping.It's definitely worth giving the game a chance now if you've been on the fence."
76561198166688195,Recommended,208650,32660664,Posted: 22 June,all,CY@ | Tomas Boonty,If your a fan of the Arkham series I higily recommend this as it is a great ending story to the franchise. Ignore all the hate about the pc port with bugs as all of that has been fixed. This game supplies many hours of hours of content as well as replayable content. If your not sure wheter to buy this game or not. Do it you will be more than satisified.
,Not Recommended,208650,18730806,"Posted: 28 October, 2015",all,Hawk,"horrible performance, don't buy this crap."
,Recommended,208650,28447959,"Posted: 18 December, 2016",all,Abhi,"To start with, I have played all the Arkham games and this is my personal favorite. The gameplay has been improved and refined althought the mechanics are same. Performance wise this game is now well optimised and the nvidia settings may cause some frame drops if you turn that off the game will run very well. I got 60fps most of the time on GTX 950 with everything on high except textures due to vram limitation and nvidia gameworks on except for smoke and debris.The game looks stunning, no matter what the settings are.The story in this game, I liked it, rarely a game keeps me interested till the end and damn the riddler.My Rating:Story: 8.5Gameplay: 9Graphics: 9"
,Not Recommended,208650,18740764,"Posted: 29 October, 2015",all,Biggs98,"The game still stutters profusely and runs like♥♥♥♥♥after two main patches, the latter of which did NOTHING at all to improve the performance! You need TWELVE gigs of RAM to get this game running smoothly on Windows 10 - yes TWELVE - and FOUR gigs of VRAM just to play the damn thing on normal textures, and even with 3GB it's a damn struggle to get this game working smoothly even on LOW! But that's not all - there's been no compensation for anyone who bought the season pass either and those that have been loyal to this damn series are being offered copies of games they've already paid for as faux-compensation. Don't buy this piece of garbage and give these people any money."
,Recommended,208650,33611039,Posted: 17 July,all,ownosourus,"Rocksteady Studios created two of the very best Batman games in existence. First, Arkham Asylum raised the bar for superhero video games that no other developer has been able to reach. Then they followed that up with Arkham City, pretty much making them the supreme masters of Batman in video game form. The Arkham Origins prequel fits in there somehow too, but WB Games Montreal developed that. Now, Rocksteady Studios is back with what might be the biggest and most exciting experience yet with Batman: Arkham Knight. Are you ready to ""Be the Batman""?Taking place after the events of Arkham City, the very first thing you're treated to is the cremation of iconic villain The Joker. You witness him get brought in and loaded into the cremator while Frank Sinatra is playing in the background. All of a sudden you are just staring at Joker's dead face, until you realize that YOU have to use the analog stick to start the machine and burn his lifeless body. This is mostly how the entire experience of Arkham Knight works, you are presented with a task with little to no information as to what to do and it's up to you to figure things out.After you burn The Joker, you take the role of a GCPD officer in a diner where you are asked to confront a customer smoking in the back. Upon talking to this individual, you quickly discover that it's The Scarecrow, another iconic Batman Villain that poisons you with his Nightmare toxin. The Scarecrow begins his takeover of Gotham City and it is quickly evacuated. Now it is up to Batman to prevent the total chaos that Scarecrow plans to unleash. The Scarecrow isn't alone however, as a new sinister villain named the Arkham Knight has teamed with the nightmare making Dr. Crane and has assembled an army to destroy The Batman.While the identity of The Arkham Knight is a mystery to his allies and his enemies alike, he seems to know a lot about The Batman, his strengths, his weaknesses, and even all about his friends. Batman is not totally alone in his pursuit of the Scarecrow and The Arkham Knight, with Oracle (Barbara Gordon), Robin, Nightwing and even Catwoman helping out in the fight. While Oracle isn't playable, the other characters (even Commissioner Gordon at times) become playable as you progress through the main story.Having multiple playable characters was something Rocksteady has experimented with in past Arkham games, but with the new Dual-Play Feature, it's now an exciting part of the series. Dual-Play has you switching characters on the fly with absolutely no loading times and experience different parts of the story in real time. Dual-Play is even used in combat when two characters are be teaming up to defeat a group of enemies. You can use Batman to being a takedown of an enemy and use Dual-Play to seamlessly switch to a partner to deliver the knockout blow. It's this feature that makes the single character combat (which can get stale) a bit more spicy and fun.Another huge part of Arkham Knight, is the ability to use the famous Batmobile. Yes, you can now drive Batman's ride through the streets of Gotham with a touch of a button. No matter where you are on the open streets, you can summon the car and jump right in. The inclusion of the Batmobile seems to make up a rather large portion of the gameplay, as you will use the car in many, many situations. From using it in combat against the Arkham Knight's Tanks, to pulling down walls with a power winch to open up your path, the Batmobile is used almost everywhere. Sure there are instances where you will be on foot or the rooftops, running, gliding and swinging through an open Gotham, but there are so many times the car will be used to progress you will in the driver's seat more than you are on foot.You may even become confused as to WHY the car has to be brought in or even where to go once you begin driving. A few times I rushed into an area and began my usually gliding and swinging to get from place to place, only to find out that I was supposed to unlock barriers to bring the car through instead of gliding over them like I did in previous games. It's definitely a much faster way to travel across the insanely large city, but players that have grown accustomed to the usual way of travel may be a bit jaded that the car is used so much. As stated before, there is less hand holding and hints as to what needs to be done this time around, sometimes your gut decision is enough, while other times a specific task needs to be done, and the game doesn't tell you. The only help you get is with occasional subtle hints from Batman's inner monologue that are more cryptic than the man himself.Controls are a mix of tight and responsive, to slightly frustrating. Controlling Batman and other playable characters works as it did from previous games, with a faster flowing version of the Arkham combat system. You'll be making quicker decisions as to who to target and when. There are also more varied takedowns available that let you down more enemies at once, letting you even the odds a bit against a larger group. There are still stealth segments where you have to silently take down groups of foes, but even these segments are fast and flow much faster than before. With more options and moves, you feel more in control of the character than you have before. On occasion, you can slip up and move where you didn't want to go, miss an attack or miscalculate a landing, but after a few tries you will get the hang of everything.The slightly frustrating portion comes in when you are driving or fighting inside the Batmobile. Driving at high speeds while trying to get a lock on an enemy is a test in patience as well as driving skill, and most players will spend more time crashing into walls than keeping up with the chase. There is a power slide control to make cornering easier, but even then you will feel like the car is driving you. Battle-mode controls in the car are much better with strafing and boosting to avoid attacks and wider range of movement available. Sometimes you may even use Battle-mode to navigate tight spots or to reposition yourself after a crash. Throwing the car into reverse can sometimes make you scream as it has a tendency to take off at full speed backwards, leaving you disoriented. Overall, there is nothing broken about the controls in the car, they just take a lot of practice to master.Visually, Arkham Knight is stunning. The dark gothic tones of Gotham City are represented so perfectly, it almost feels like a real life location. Even the smallest of details like graffiti or a poster on a wall look great. Character models and vehicles look outstanding, especially in those scenes where you are looking closely at Batman's haunting gaze and stare. Clothing and armor on the characters is detailed so heavily, that it almost looks real. In game cutscenes and cinematics are seamless and sometimes you aren't aware that the cutscene has finished and game has started (like in the very beginning with The Joker).Audio is loud and booming with realistic explosions and that unmistakable gothic music that fills every exciting moment.  Even short stings of music when an event is triggered are timed perfectly. The excellent voice work provided by Kevin Conroy, Tara Strong, Jonathan Banks and Mark Hamill bring these characters to life just as like in the previous games. What's that, Mark Hamill? Yes, Mark Reprises his role as The Joker in Arkham Knight, but isn't he dead? Well, I'm not going to spoil anything for you, but let's just say The Joker's presence is felt, and heard as you progress. Without a doubt, the audio and visual quality in Arkham Knight is definitely pumped to 11.Sometimes the lack of direction or any form of hint as to where to go or what to do in situations can get annoying, but it never makes you want to quit playing. If you've never played a previous title in the Batman Arkham series, or if you are a diehard fan, than you will have a blast here."
,Not Recommended,208650,18739304,"Posted: 29 October, 2015",all,Paulocaust,"I've waited patiently for four months, but this game still simply doesn't work. I have a pretty decent rig - 16GB RAM, i4770k, 2xGTX 770 in SLI, and the game installed on an SSD, and I can't run the game at a tolerable framerate even when I bust the resolution down to 900p (which is quite an insult). Stuttering, tearing, sync issues - there's been no improvement since at least the September patch. I've been a PC gamer for 30 years and this is arguably the worst release I've seen since BattleCruiser 3000AD from a stability standpoint, considering the amount of time they've had to fix it up.WB, you've lost a customer for good."
,Recommended,208650,23970621,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,CoolGuyRift,"It's been one year since I wrote my first review (which has been promptly deleted).I refunded this game after finding out the abysmal compensation WB was giving us.I have just re-bought it during the Steam Summer 2016 sale, along with many others who refunded.And like those many others, I am not disappointed.The game runs smooth, graphics are fine, not to mention I can finally play this again with that free-roam mod.So if your computer can handle this game, it's worth picking up, now that it is fixed up.My favorite Arkham plot is still Arkham City. However, I find it difficult to play that again, because I am so in love with the combat and gameplay of this game. Atmosphere of Asylum was still the best too, but overall, this is my favorite Arkham game.9.5/10 for me and, again, definitely worth picking up."
76561198033402342,Not Recommended,208650,16676556,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,mrnikiter,LEGENDS ARE TRUE. Game does not work well and does not look good at the same time.
,Recommended,208650,27272952,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,F4rseeR,"One more night in the whole of Gotham City.From the first 5 minutes you can tell this is a different Arkham game. It's bigger in scope, yet the story is more personal. Characters are at their best or worst and Batman seems to oscillate between the two. Fighting is same old Arkham one, however it's been improved with new precise and brutal move-sets.  In predator mode you can take advantage of enemies fears and take up to 5 in 5 epic moves. For the first time, the batmobile is available, as a means to destroy buildings while driving or take out an army of drones. While it was designed to blend into game's events, sometimes it feels like the game blends into the Batmobile. The challenge room is equipped with multiple players, some of them even being villains from the main game, all of them having different combat styles and the maps that are available are consistent. If one wants more, there's plenty of DLCs to satisfy even the biggest appetite. With all it's features, the logical conclusion would be to call Arkham Knight the best game out of Rocksteady's Trilogy. Yet there's something more to talk about....This time around, Joker's dead but lives on through the people who he traumatized. Scarecrow and the new Arkham Knight are bent on taking down Batman for good, not as a man but as a legend. The other villains either decide to ignore Batman, not being a threat much longer or just want their piece of him while they can(Riddler is even more deranged).  With  new moves, tech and an unexpected game-changer, Batman finds himself attacked on different levels, putting up a good fight and yet he keeps sliding downhill. All characters and elements have a sense of finality in them. It's obvious they're all going for a change and it all depends on what happens with the legend of the Dark Knight.http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=699334102The new villain, Arkham Knight, isn't as ""new"" as someone who reads comics might expect. He knows everything he needs to know about Batman in order to be a serious threat to him and his allies. Out of all villains, he's the one that hits Batman where it hurts most. But when he's taking the mask off, he's the villain that needs a hug.Scarecrow, despite looking more menacing and undergoing a more fatalist mission, is just as vulnerable as before. Truth be told, it's the villains in the side-quests that are more fleshed out and add to the Gotham dynamic.The Batmobile is as awesome as it looks, going fast though destructible environments and having a battle-mode which has it's own upgrades. However, the times it's used can be tiresome and provided you won't enjoy as much as other can kill the mood to play this game, as there are some challenging sections in the main storyline that consists of taking the Batmobile into battle.Through some points in the storyline and some side-quests there's some detective work included, which is handled somewhat better than Arkham Origins and sadly, there's not enough of that.Aside from seeing Riddler's machinations everywhere in the city, there's a militia that can be taken down through several ways, cleaning down the areas resulting in a safer Gotham City.http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=556249634A nice feature this game also has is the photo-mode, which ensured that the screenshot section of the community hub looks as good if not better than the artwork section. Being able to edit the light and exposure, change camera angles, depth of field, having some graphic assets and filters good enough to inspire graphic designers is an invitation to capture certain events or places in Gotham the way you see it or view&capture it through different angles. It can be just as thrilling as being the photographer in a photo-shoot.A lengthy campaign, plenty of side-quests that are a must-do, new game plus and the challenge rooms, which involve the biggest number of characters in the Arkham series + some racetracks for the Batmobiles, which has different skins: indulging in all of that made me stick around for almost 70 hours, the most I've spent in a Batman game and almost any game, as I'm a guy on a tight schedule. It's a high class game in every department. Performance issues are a thing of the past for most players.Previous games made you feel like you're Batman. This one makes you feel like you're more than that."
76561198032735076,Not Recommended,208650,18740737,"Posted: 29 October, 2015",all,Mert,Still broken...Game crashing without any reason.  dont waste your money. They are trying to sell broken game.There are much better action games on steam. If you buy this game they will keep releasing broken games.
,Not Recommended,208650,16649645,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,befcake,"Welcome to the Batman slideshow, enjoy the 5 minutes of gameplay before you punch your monitor and demand a refund.... just like I did with 2x 290x graphics cards that are suppose to be 4k ready each.Game is also fps locked at 30 fps, runs at 30-20fps with very frequent 3-10 fps dips with crossfire 290x and I7 3960x cpu wirh all the game works stuff turned off."
,Not Recommended,208650,17397265,"Posted: 5 August, 2015",all,AlLucaS,as good as advanced warfare.You know what i mean....
,Not Recommended,208650,16640561,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,Idiotech,"PSA: Do not buy this game, The performance issues make the game near unplayable. It's sad to have to say this. I will continue to play the game for review, but for everyone else wait for a patch or get a refund. :(https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hZ9H8KpywM4I will update this once I have completed my full review or after it's fixed, which ever comes first."
,Not Recommended,208650,16641175,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,The Pope,I would like to keep a steady frame rateIdk know the story because barely playable
76561198006980914,Recommended,208650,21049079,"Posted: 8 February, 2016",all,Rabali,"I waited until the Steam sale to buy, being concerned about reports of performance issues.  So far however it is running fantastically.  I have an i-7 2600k, 8GB RAM, nivdiat GTX970 and and running the game off SSD.  No issues at all even in batmobile sections and I never see the frame rate drop below 60fps.  Story is great, and lots of new Batman goodness."
,Not Recommended,208650,16644230,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,Pet,"Very sad and disappointed 😞. Games these days never seem to launch smoothly. Horrible launch. Frame rate drops and  stuttering poor graphics option. Had to go through all the trouble tweaking the graphics to at least being playable. For now i would not recommend buying. Its just dreadfully awful. Seriously, it really pains me to see such a loved game turned horribly wrong. Its beginning to look like a trend. Thank god for steam refund policy but i wont do that because i just love batman. I really do. But in the future i promise myself this wont happen ever again"
76561198036325163,Not Recommended,208650,18744248,"Posted: 29 October, 2015",all,Assassin,"What we had before the patch on October 28: the game works, though not optimizedWhat we have after the patch on October 28: the game is crash after startup.Excellent work, Rocksteady Studios!"
,Recommended,208650,29969136,Posted: 16 February,all,AbedsBrother,"Batman: Arkham Knight offers high production values, a huge Gotham to explore, and a return of the hard-hitting, gadget-centric combat that Arkham fans love. The story, however, focuses too much on the pathetic Arkham Knight, a paper-thin character whose menace is all empty gestures. Add in poorly designed boss battles, and a forced collect-a-thon in order to see the full ending of the game, and Arkham Knight earns its mixed reputation. Recommended for franchise fans, but be prepared to like and dislike it in equal measure.Total size on my hard drive (with all DLC): 55.4 GB  (yes, fifty-five point four gigabytes)+ The graphics are stunning. Even if you have to play with the settings on low as I did, Arkham Knight is one of the most visually appealing games I’ve ever seen. Facial animations are equally impressive.+ Some awe-inspiring set-pieces and alterations to the landscape that happen as the game progresses. Can’t say more without spoiling it.+ Gotham is amazingly detailed. Dust, neon lights, crumbling brick and shiny steel. Simply fantastic.+ Most of the voice-acting regulars return, led by Kevin Conroy and Mark Hamill.+ Most of the major villains make an appearance, and some get interesting send-offs (Mr. Freeze was my favorite). Some even get a shot at redemption.+ Scarecrow’s toxin. It’s used very creatively. Can’t say more without spoiling the story.+ Mob combat is as awesome as ever. This is the fully-powered version of Batman who has access to all of his gadgets.+ Incredible variety and thoughtful design in the Predator Encounters (where Batman has to sneak around a room, taking out guards one-by-one).+ The team-up mechanic that allows for switching from Batman to a partner and back works well. It was very cool to go on missions with Robin, Nightwing or Catwoman.+ A lot of care and attention clearly went into the challenge maps. There are a lot to choose from.+ Lots of skins. Want Batman to dress up in the classic 1989 outfit (with the car to match)? Or perhaps the Batman Beyond outfit? He can. There are many more, as well as some alternate skins for Robin, Nightwing, and yes, Catwoman.+/- Too much Arkham Knight, not enough Scarecrow.+/- The soundtrack lacks the heroic feel of the Arkham City and Arkham Origins soundtracks, but is absolutely beautiful in the calm / slow / sad sections.+/- The Arkham games have always had complicated control schemes. Arkham Knight takes the complexity to a new level. That’s good news for franchise veterans, bad news for newbies.+/- Optimization. After a disastrous launch on PC that was plagued with bugs, Arkham Knight ran well enough on my low-end gaming system (Core i5-4590 + 2GB R7 260X).https://youtu.be/vYwlczDaoDc*Update April 2016* I got a new graphics card, an RX 470, and made another gameplay video.https://youtu.be/ttivOOmmomE- You’ve heard there’s too much Batmobile. Well, there’s too much Batmobile.- You have to collect all 200+ Riddler trophies to unlock the complete ending. At least it’s not DLC.- The Arkham Knight is one of the weakest, most pathetic antagonists in a Batman game. His unmasking has no tension. And you actually have to fight him as a bossthreetimes: twice in the Batmobile (awful), and once in a predator encounter (decent, but not a real boss battle). There’s much I could say about the Arkham Knight, but all of it would spoil the game in a BIG way. He is simply an awful character.- Boss battles in general are disappointing - especially after the epic boss battles provided by Arkham Origins (admittedly by a different studio).- Have a controller nearby. Some of mini-games are incredibly frustrating with a mouse + keyboard.- Combat targeting is poor. “I’ll just use the bat-grapple to whip that gun out of his hands… No, not that guy, THAT guy!” Also some occasional input delay.- Much harder to achieve a smooth, continuous combo. Combat now REQUIRES the use of awkward key combinations to put together a successful string of attacks. And the whole ""climb up the riot shield"" for an over-head attack is as wonky as ever; Batman is as likely to flip over the target as he is to do an aerial attack. Add in the poor targeting mentioned above, and combat can become very frustrating to even experienced users.- A large part of the story hinges onBatman suffering from the after-effects of being infected with Joker’s blood in Arkham City. But… Batman found the cure for that, didn’t he? Apparently that wasn’treallya cure. Rocksteady just couldn’t make a Batman game without the Joker.The Batman Arkham games are some of my favorites, and while I enjoyed my time in Arkham Knight, I’m incredibly frustrated by the fact that it gets as many things wrong as it gets right. But after some time away, I find myself returning to this game more than the others. I don't understand it myself. Perhaps Arkham Knight is a game to love or hate, logic be damned. A beautiful, stunning, yet flawed experience. 7/10, though it had the potential to be much higher. Worth a purchase if the Premium Edition (which includes all DLC) drops to $10-15."
,Not Recommended,208650,16639527,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,dragyn999,"Update October 29:The game has been updated. For me, it runs well, though I have a fairly powerful PC.For what it's worth, I enjoy ""Arkham Knight"". Under different circumstances, I'd recommend it.However, I do not feel adequately compensated for WB's ruining the launch of a game I paid full price for, and took days off to play. Giving me free games I already own, and adding console features that should have been included anyway does not feel fair to me.WB's behavior was immoral, and close to criminal. I can not in good conscience make this a positive review until I feel they actually understand what they did wrong, and repay their fans accordingly.To the employees at Rocksteady, you worked hard on a game for several years, and it shows in the result. I'm sorry that upper-management bungled your work at the last minute.Original:I'll delete this negative review when the game runs. But seriously Warner Bros. I have a good Nvidia graphics card, yet this game still looks and runs like garbage on low settings. Yes, I updated my drivers. No, I'm not going to dig into the system files of a game I paid full price for. Like Assassins Creed Unity, this port has been released a month before it was ready.  I'm posting this negative review to make a point:Don't release an unfinished game. I wouldn't have been mad if this game came out one month later than the console ports. But if you tell me a game releases on a certain day, I expect it to work on that day."
,Recommended,208650,33771681,Posted: 24 July,all,Mozgus,"Everyone knows this game was a huge mess for much of the first year it was on Steam. Warner Bros has essentially thrown in the towel on the PC platform, or so they say. They had such a difficult time getting this thing to run well that we may not see any more big budget PC releases from them, although we did get the Arkham VR game recently. There were so many technical issues that this was the game that warranted the refund option on Steam to finally be automated without needing to argue your case on a support ticket and hope for a miracle.So is it technically sound these days? For the most part, yes. I didn't suffer any crashes and performance isn't totally consistent, but if you have an SSD and current gen graphics card, you should be good. You could also look up the Steam Guide for the Arkham Knight Config Tool. Follow the suggested settings and you should see improvements. This is still one of the best looking games ever, so expecting perfect frame rate might not be fair.As for the game itself, it's worst enemy is franchise fatigue. This really is the ultimate Batman experience, but if you've played through the previous 3 games thoroughly, you'll likely feel a bit burnt out here. Very few new gadgets or new gameplay systems to be found. The big addition is the batmobile. With some practice, it's not as bad as they said. The combat does get stale late in the game and it's a very sloppy way to get around but it works.The story was about as epic as Arkham City's was, albeit with more proper sendoffs for the villains this time. The Arkham Knight's identity is unfortunately a gigantic let down you'll see coming a mile away. The devs claimed this was going to be a whole new original character, but that was a flat out lie. The rage from the fans was on point here. The whole time you're waiting for a twist, thinking ""there's no way they just reskinned and renamed ______, right?"" Oh, but they did.The amount of content is absolutely unrivaled here. The main quest is lengthy. The side quests are mostly creative, but can get tedious near the end if you're going for 100%. There are 4 DLC sidequest chains that are all very welcome. Like always, there are hundreds of Riddler trophies and puzzles to gather if you care about that. There are 6 standalone side stories, 5 of which are about 20 minutes, while Batgirl's is a proper expansion with a small carnival to explore and collect some things if you wish. All of these 6 stories showcase new locations.Then you have your challenge mode. Not a mode I ever invested much time in as it's just leaderboard focused and often regurgitated material from the campaigns, however it does have some unique locations not found in the game otherwise. The best stuff was the racing stages inspired by Adam West's, Michael Keaton's, and Christian Bale's Batman roles. Nice fanservice here as you drive their classic machines complete with their show/movie scores.Finally you got a ridiculous amount of optional costumes for everyone to try on. Also, an art gallery, stories, and 3D models to unlock.This was a great sendoff for the Bat. Whatever Rocksteady is doing next, however....it needs to be either a dramatically different kind of game, perhaps with the Batman Beyond universe, or they need to try a different universe altogether.All told I spent about $17 for the complete package. Great deal."
,Not Recommended,208650,16640146,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,First Prospect,"Performs poorly on even the most powerful rigs. Wait for a patch. I might refund this one. Besides, it's 40% off already on GMG. Don't waste your money, folks."
,Not Recommended,208650,18738603,"Posted: 28 October, 2015",all,Cloud Strife,"If you own Batman: Arkham Knight for PC or purchase it before November 16, 2015, you will get:Free digital copies of games from the Batman: Arkham library.The ""Community Challenge Pack” DLC.The Batman: Arkham inspired Team Fortress 2 items created by the Batman: Arkham community.A middle finger to the fans of the Arkham Franchise, making them wait 4 months for something that is still broken and a pathetic excuse of ""compensation"" that rewards only the newcomers to the franchise and zero for the actual fans who bought every game. Let's not kid ourselves here, a majority of people who bought this game also bought the previous games beforehand."
76561198178912179,Not Recommended,208650,16959359,"Posted: 9 July, 2015",all,THIRAYU [ 黒い彗星 ],"I have a 4K screen but this crap can run smoothly only in window mode with FIX RESOLUTION !!!!! When I turn on full screen mode with 3840*2160 res the game tatters and KEEPS blinking, can't even reach the Main Menu.By the way the game is pretty fun with good cutscene but I can't praise it right now.Arkham Knight is like a Senior Year student who did really great these past years but then he decided to retire imediately in his final year. He had a potential to become the best but it didn't come to happen.I hope he realizes his problems soonReview based on:Msi GE62 2QF Apache ProGPU: GeForce GTX970M  driver version 353.30CPU: Intel Core i7 -4720HQ16 GB RAMWindows 8.1"
,Not Recommended,208650,16639963,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,THEY TOOK OUR PANTS,Dont get me wrong. i love the batman games but this. THIS IS UNPLAYABLE. it locks at 30fps and it lags like hell. i would wait for a patch to buy it but until then. dont touch this game with a 10 foot pole.
,Not Recommended,208650,16639523,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,NippleInspector,Game is broken.. doesn't work well with SLI.. I can run almost every other game maxed out at 60+ fps but I can't run this garbage at even 15 fps
,Recommended,208650,29437393,Posted: 22 January,all,NintendoSunnyD,"Fantastic game.  I would say this is my personal favorite in the series for several reasons.  I'll keep this as spoiler free as possible just on a side note.  #1 The combat is the most polished in the series with extra things being added like environment takedowns.  #2 It is the most difficult game in the series combat wise and puzzle wise.  #3 the batmobile is a great addition even though it's a bit slow.  #4 The cinematics/psychological exploration of Bruce Wayne's mind of the game are the best in the series from my perspective.  #5 They added more obsure and interesting villians from the comics.  #6 Finally, this doesn't really apply to a comparison with Asylum, but of the open world Batman games this one felt more coherent, meaning a lot of stuff didn't feel as fetch quest like with the obvious exception of Riddler and one or two of the other side quests like City and Origins felt (meaning I actually was interested in every part of most of the side quests, not just the end).  However, I can say people may not like the lack of proper boss fights in this game.  They still exist, but they are not as prominent as any of the other games (ie Poison Ivy (Arkham Asylym) and Mr. Freeze (Arkham City)).  Overall, the most complete and best open world Batman game."
76561198087020860,Not Recommended,208650,16771595,"Posted: 28 June, 2015",all,SuckANighaDickOrSomethin,DON'T BUY THIS GAME
,Not Recommended,208650,18746194,"Posted: 29 October, 2015",all,Sopmik,"Its an amazing game, probably my game of the year. But one of THE worst pc ports ever. I been lucky enough to actually be able to play the game at a somewhat normal Framerate. But I shouldn't drop below 60FPS at all when playing on a rig WAY over the recommended. Even after the update that they said would fix the game, I still have framedrops."
76561198068888402,Not Recommended,208650,19126475,"Posted: 17 November, 2015",all,deGabz,"Fatal error on start of a new game. Tried all sorts of fixes, still doesn't work.Thanks for ruining my experience with the Arkham series, WB."
,Not Recommended,208650,18738936,"Posted: 29 October, 2015",all,andzie,"Even after the ""update"" this game is not worth purchasing"
76561198057572680,Not Recommended,208650,16639797,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,Ascesion、,"bought this mainly for harley story pack, and turns out its just a extra misson takes like couple mins to do..."
,Not Recommended,208650,16639220,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,Literally Hitler,"The pre-release game footage, and steam 'screenshots' are ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t. Even maxed out, the game isn't nearly as impressive as I was lead to believe. Not only that but the performance is♥♥♥♥♥♥ (GTX 980, i5 3570k overclocked, 8gb ram) This isn't a full review, but so far, expect the game to look a half step between arkham city and what you might expect it to look like graphically. Cutscenes are beautiful, though.Aliasing everywhere, lack of complex lighting (as compared to screenshots).Graphics aren't everything, and I have liked all previous Batman games, so I'll leave this as negative until the performance is sorted out, and I've played more of the game. It seems like it'll be pretty ♥♥♥♥ing cool, just as usual though, not nearly as cool as it was demonstrated to be."
76561198144597382,Recommended,208650,33124056,Posted: 2 July,all,EXTRA THICC,"Pros:+Great Final Story for this Series+Beautiful Graphics+Nice Twists+The Best Combat in the Franchise so far+Entertaining Side MissionsCons:-Some fights seem cheep-DLC side character missions are just OK-True ending is obtained after 100% completionNeutral:Batmobile (Was a lot of fun for me. Others find it obnoxious or overused. I did not feel this way during my playthrough ofthe game)Not so shocking reveal (If you have knowledge of Batman's comic side, then a reveal of a certain ""thing"" is not going tobe shocking)Frame Rate (I use a GTX 1080, so I had a easy time running this game at 60 FPS. There were times that I had somestuttering, but that occured less than five times. May vary depending on your card)Overall, this is a must get game for fans of Batman or the Arkham series. If you have never played an Arkham game before, then I highly recomend that you pick up the other games and this one. It is well worth the cost, and is a phenomenal franchise. If you want to feel like the ultimate badass, then this is the game for you. It is worth the buy, even for the Premium addition. Granted, I would wait for a sale on the DLC side of things."
,Not Recommended,208650,18738672,"Posted: 28 October, 2015",all,takeoffeveryzig |Noj|,Still buggy on its second release.  Windows 10 users are being told to use 12 gigs of ram to fix issues.  Avoid this even if it goes on a steam sale.
76561198075302696,Recommended,208650,17871318,"Posted: 3 September, 2015",all,DaPyro438,"This review is updated and based off the version after the September 3ed patchSo while this game has had a hard first few months, it finally got its patch. With this new patch, preformance was increased, the 30 fps cap is now an optional setting in graphics tab, and stuttering is minimum if you set settings to ones that match your PC build (but still consistant). Now to the breakdown.Gameplay+The characters, enemies and allies, are very well designed and voiced+This Batman game adds many new mechanics listed below+Batmobile/vehicle's make for awesome gameplay+New enemies, from Medics that revive enemies to brutes weilding Miniguns+New abilites, such as the Fear Takedown and Counter-throw+Have a helper during combat, for new items/abilities and duel takedowns+The map is large, filled with enemies and interesting side-quest+The AI is more adaptive with the Militia, such as radio checkins, seeing into and grenading vents, and drones+Selecting side-quest is a breeze with the new mission select wheel+The game is just amazingly beutiful-The game seems to lag more during batmobile chases, prefer to roam by glide to reduce lag-The game still lags a lot, and stuttering still occures-As far as I've seen so far, you cannot switch characters (i.e. Robin, Nightwing) outside of their missions, making them one-time characters, making their unique weapon-loadout pointless-PC controls are terrible, either adapt or use a consol controller PC adapter like I use-Some side-quest are very short, and makes me wishing they would make them longerStory (Warning, May Contain Slight Spoilers+The story was decently long, and interesting+Scarecrow and the Arkham Knight made great main-enemies+The Arkham Knight is a well-design character, personality and preformance wise+Has a good few twist in the story-One detective-mode crimescene in the entire main story, and a few mini-detective-mode crimescene's in sidequest. Wtf WB Games? They were one of the funnest parts!!!-Has a pretty obvious twist if you're a fan of Batman, knowing the comicbooksOverallThe game was very enjoyable to play overall. However, one feature that I really enjoyed from previous Arkham games, the Detective Crime scanes were lacking, very disappointed by this. The Batmobile made a heavy impact on the game, in both quest and campaign, making up for lack of detective work. This is, what I believe, to be a great ending to the Batman: Arkham series, however with WB games taking its sweet time releasing the patch, I feel like the PC version is dead and unrevivable.EDIT: With the refund option now avalible for everyone, no matter the hours played, I would recommend to refund the game for PC. While I do not recommend the game for PC, I do recommend the game for console if avalible."
,Recommended,208650,33475542,Posted: 12 July,all,MattyRasker,"Firstly, a technical note, specifically aimed at those of you concerned how this game will run on your kit. I am running an i5 4690k with a GTX 760 and was fully aware that in terms of this games requirements, I was at the lower end. On low settings and in 720 resolution it played fine, minus some FPS drops in some of the Batmobile scenes. It won't run smoothly any settings higher than that, 1080 resolution just about, but this in no way harmed my enjoyment of the game. if anything, it has reminded me that graphics card update time is upon thyself and will play through again once upgraded.I have completed the main storyline, 3 of the side missions and about 10-20% each of the other side missions.Batman Arkham Knight is the final game of the Arkham series. If you've played the other Arkham games, you know what to expect here - you are Batman, you fight the bad guys using the fluid combat system, you take bad guys out one by one in the stealth missions, all with some new bat gadgets to play with as well as the ones you've used in the past. But you get to play with one big new toy - the Batmobile!PS: If you haven't played the other Arkham games, then I strongly suggest you do as a lot of the storylines get wrapped up in Arkham Knight. Plus, they are fantastic games in their own right.What a shame that the game got the shoddy PC release that it did, because this truly is a magnificent game. The technical achievements behind this game simply amazed me throughout. Throughout the game I continually questioned myself, ""Is this really the best one of the series?"", and for the most I thought it was. But it has flaws, most of which became apparent near the end, which for me makes it fall short of being the best of the series.The great stuff - even on my 760, it is a great looking game. The combat system I would say is my favourite of the series, lots of variety, and the environment takedowns were super cool. Also,the Robin / Batman and Catwoman / Batman takedown switchovers were really cool too. The stealth missions were a lot of fun, with the new gadgets adding new dynamics. Needless to say, driving the Batmobile around a post apocalyptic Gotham City gave me lots of joy, and some of the puzzles were very cleverly done. The general mood and atmosphere are perfect.Two gripes with the game - while getting from A to B in the Batmobile during the game is very cool, and some of the Batmobile missions are equally as fun, it became apparent to me near the end of the game that you in fact perhaps spend a bit too much time in the Batmobile. The Batmobile combat scenes also started to become a little tiresome and even overwhelming at times. My second gripe is the story. I felt during the game that the story was developing nicely and was becoming one of the best. But, and again especially near the end, I felt the story dragged a bit. A couple of scenes were unnecessary, and certain elements of the story didn't do much for me.Honestly though, this truly is an ultimate Batman experience. There is still so much I haven't done yet, and looking forward to doing more. If it wasn't for the gripes, I would say hands down this is the best of the series. And when I do finally upgrade my graphics card, I'll be straight back onto it to see it all in its full glory.Highly recommended, but only once you've played the other Arkham games."
76561198035587406,Not Recommended,208650,16659257,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,Still Waiting on Season 2,"Absolute worst Console port I've played. The FPS are so bad that if you move the camera too fast the game freezes, and forget about driving the bat mobile. If there's more than a few enemies coming at you don't expect to win that fight without retrying a few dozen times as the FPS are so low it's like watching a slide show rather than a game. 0/10 get Witcher 3 enstead."
,Not Recommended,208650,16651275,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,SoapyMacNCheese,Avoid this terribly optimized port like the plague. 30fps cap and drops to single digits when in the batmobile or gliding across the city. People with 980 TIs and Titan Xs are reporting that after removing the fps cap in the ini file they cant even get consistant 60 fps.
76561198012561271,Recommended,208650,34952836,Posted: 14 September,all,Insidae,"So, I heard about the buggy release a few years ago, but loved the previous Arkham games and was waiting for an opportunity to see what Arkham Knight was like for myself. As a Batman fan, I was looking forward to playing a solid, patched, version of the game with all the DLC included...Hands down, the best Batman game ever made. Every tiny detail and easter-egg, the voice-acting, the gadgets, the BATMOBILE! I was blown away. It defies logic that a game with so many different mechanics and such a vast open-world could possibly come together to deliver such a cohesive experience, but it does.Exceeds the already high bar set by Arkham Asylum and Arkham City. 10/10 - WOULD recommend!"
76561198028086019,Recommended,208650,30118428,Posted: 23 February,all,zais,"Third person action, just like prevous Asylum, City and Origins.Probably last one in the Arkham series.Good+ Good story+ Excellent voicing+ High number of activities+ Dark and immerging settingBad- GPU/RAM greedy- Hours have to be spent on most boring 'missions' to get to the ending (unless you are ok to check it on YouTube)- Batmobile handling is a bit strange (compared to car games)Bottom Line: Overall this one isthe best from Arkham series(at least so far). Get it, if you have decent PC and interested in Batman games."
,Not Recommended,208650,17391582,"Posted: 4 August, 2015",all,IRONHATEN,"The Gameplay it's self is very impressive and fun to play, I really enjoy the Batman games, but I was promises a good quality game to play in June. I had to wait till September with a game that was supposed to be patched in July, instead we got an update on the patch. It works alright, during my gameplay there were dramatic drops in the frame rate at some parts, but the game was playable and I did enjoy it.However, I am not going to give this game a positive review because I feel cheated! WB and Rocksteady apologised to the PC community for giving us a crappy-not-at-all-ready-to-play game, well anyone can say they are sorry, but it means noting if they do not give us something to achieve our trust. We should get a free DLC for our troubles for an apology, I do not care if they are sorry. I want justice!"
,Recommended,208650,34239989,Posted: 14 August,all,Dark_Knight<Arpit>,"I was thinking of writting a in-depth and detailed review for this game but... now I'm just writting it in one sentence ->""A Masterpiece and a perfect end to the Arkham Series"" - Arpit"
76561198028325739,Not Recommended,208650,18739045,"Posted: 29 October, 2015",all,P1,"As of 10/28 re-release game is still not fully optimized. GTX 780 on medium settings runs mostly locked at 60FPS, but while driving the frame-rate is all over the place. Goes as low as 30FPS. Blurry texture and texture pop-ins still persist.Graphics issues aside this game is just not fun as the first 2 games were with its tedious batmobile gameplay and cookie cutter side missions. It feels rushed and unfinished. It feels like Rocksteady needed more time to complete this game."
,Recommended,208650,25719585,"Posted: 26 September, 2016",all,Izhaaq996,"One Hell of a Batman Game that will always be a Legend in the history of Arkham Series. Maybe some technical Problems in the game but The Story, the Suspense, The Batmobile and the Most important thing THE JOKER are astounding creation of this game. 10/10"
,Recommended,208650,30605659,Posted: 18 March,all,Technobreaker,"It's been a long journey with Batman. I've been playing Arkham games since november and I gotta say I had great times while playing those games. Wish they never ended but all good things come to an end, right?Arkham Knight is a great game in almost every way. They've improved combat A LOT since Arkham City, added new moves, gadgets, mechanics etc. Animations, movement, everything have been improved. I remember the first time when it came out. People were complaining about the optimization but it seems like it's been fixed now. Although they added Batmobile and improved everything, it seems like they've restrained some good things like boss fights. There are boss fights but most of them are tank battles. I remember only two boss battles that we had to fight with fists. Waste of an amazing combat system if you ask me. About the city... well... we still don't have whole Gotham to explore, instead we have three huge islands which is enough if you ask me. Apart from all of those amazing features, most thing I liked about the game was Red Hood. Buy the DLC, mod the game, and kill those filthy criminals. Like I said, it's a great game in almost every way. If you think your PC can handle it, buy it and enjoy!"
,Recommended,208650,34621187,Posted: 30 August,all,𝒮𝒾𝓂𝑜𝓃𝐸𝓋𝑜,"Batmobile: Arkham World of Tanks.Really, the Batmobile stuff wouldn't bother me otherwise, but there's just too damn much of it here. It's like someone mixed up design documents of BAK and Mad Max - the latter should've focused on the vehicles this much.Still, recommending it, because it's a good game through and through. Don't bother with DLCs though, they're 10 minutes of content each, tops."
76561198147981071,Not Recommended,208650,16639677,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,YOUNG,can't run on Lenovo Y50-70can't even watch the intro becasue screen keeps flash in and out.I send my best regards to you developers
,Not Recommended,208650,19086592,"Posted: 14 November, 2015",all,dkwondo,"To the point I'm at now, I've loved the game. I understand the lag spikes, and other minor glitches along the way, but this has gotten out of control. There's a particular cutscene in which I cannot get passed because the game crashes. I don't know what to do. I've lowered my graphics(including my resolution) and still nothing works. I can only assume it's a bug in the game, and I'm worried it won't be fixed. I want to recommend this game for the awesome story line... but it's really hard to claim it's a great game when you can't even finish it..."
76561198032750871,Not Recommended,208650,16640266,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,JohnMann,"I would have liked to review Batman: Arkham Knight, but instead I find myself reviewing Computer Crash Simulator: Batman Edition.Spend your money elsewhere. Rocksteady should be ASHAMED of themselves for releasing a product that simply does not work."
,Recommended,208650,35143204,Posted: 22 September,all,imbozimo,"I could write a lot about this game, but I'll just say that I've 100%-completed this game three times - once on PS4, twice on Steam. And I'm not really that much of a completionist usually. But I adore this game and pretty much everything about it, including the story, and including the Batmobile. It's not perfect but I love it all the same."
76561197990766081,Recommended,208650,21070113,"Posted: 8 February, 2016",all,Grendel,Not sure if it was the patch or the new GTX 970 but the game seems to run well now.
76561198046710618,Not Recommended,208650,16639958,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,Feeling it now Mr. Krabs?,framerate drop is rediculous.Like viewing a slideshow when in the batmobile.Most barebones graphics options ever made.0/10 -IGN
,Not Recommended,208650,18732519,"Posted: 28 October, 2015",all,The Rarest Pepe,"So, they relaunched the game. As for those of us who waited patiently, we got nothing in return. However, if you're reading this review, you likely don't own the game yet, so this shouldn't influence your decision.There is no SLI support. The game was patched to run better, but it is still far from fixed and not well optimised by any stretch of the imagination (they recommended 12GB of RAM if you're on Windows 10...). SLI support is still apparently coming, but perhaps Star Citizen will release before that happens.I don't recommend this game. It's fine as a game, the combat has far too much of the batmobile (which really isn't engaging or exciting). It hasn't really advanced from Arkham City all that much.Really, unless you're absolutely desperate for the game, you've waited this long, waiting longer for a sizeable discount would be advised."
,Not Recommended,208650,16639093,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,Avantlaws,"Of course this game is broken on launch, all games are nowadays. Studder like crazy and the game keeps reading my XBOX controller as a PS4 controller and still won't accept any inputs.DON'T BUY UNTIL IT'S PATCHED, IT'S UNPLAYABLE AT THIS POINT.I AM DISAPPOINT."
76561198085195733,Not Recommended,208650,16640274,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,Dave Gold,"Is this a bad joke to u rocksteady & Steam? i cant even start the game, it flickers soo much when trying to initialize the game, let alone play it.. i could've bought Witcher 3 rather than this. what a disapointment."
,Not Recommended,208650,25537373,"Posted: 16 September, 2016",all,Scopedog,"The forth game in the Arkham series (and the third developed by Rocksteady) is one that is in serious danger of collapsing under the weight of franchise fatigue. Early impressions are that it’s business as usual – A dark, brooding, po-faced adventure where you play a man who dresses as a bat while driving a funny bat themed car. Never is this bizarre tonal contradiction more acute than when you are afflicted with fear gas – after dealing with the terrifying nightmarish journey through your conflicted subconscious you return to reality and you’re still a man dressed as a bat.Let’s discuss the creaking, oiled leather clad elephant in the room before going any further – the PC port. On a 980ti at 1080p, with almost everything set to it’s highest I managed a mostly stable 60FPS on foot, and an uneven but playable framerate when driving. Turning on enhanced fog and debris brought the framerate crashing down, which puts it on par with most Nvidia specific features in games (hot garbage). So not fantastic, but a far cry from the car crash that the game was at launch.Let’s also discuss the smaller, leotard wearing acrobat elephant in the room – the batmobile. This is the big selling point of the game, and it’s clear a lot of work has gone into this. The developers are obviously very proud of their creation, and it takes any excuse to pan leeringly over it’s admittedly impressive bodywork, focussing on it’s plates and gears and seemingly extraneous transforming knick-knacks. You’ll be using it a lot whether you like it or not. Virtually every section of the game has a mandatory car section wedged in there, and it is almost entirely to the games detriment. Driving around Gotham is fun in short bursts, though in all honesty grappling and gliding is both faster and typically more entertaining, as well as granting you a superior vantage point to spot the game’s generous helping of side quests.Really, the bulk of Arkham Knight’s problems rest with the tank. You seem to spend half the game circle strafing enemy drones, and the tank combat never gets any more complex or entertaining. From the first battle, you’ve seen everything the tank has to offer. That half of the boss battles are also tank based just adds insult to injury – there’s nothing here that even approaches the creativity of the Freeze battle in City, a high point among a series rich in excellent set pieces.The tank also stretches even videogame credulity to breaking point – ploughing into a thug at high speed jolts him (totally non lethally yo) out of the way, and hitting a person with a cannon capable of shredding steel seems to cause nothing more serious than unconsciousness (and presumably the odd shattered pelvis). That’s to say nothing of the unsettling realisation that I’m playing a millionaire using my wealth to hunt the poor and dispossessed – admittedly a problem that has plagued any modern day interpretation of Batman, but it’s at its most crass here.It’s when the game is most like it’s predecessors that it’s at it’s best – the early portions of the game with Scarecrow are narrow and focussed, and the batmobile still novel enough to be entertaining. The trifecta of stealth, punching and puzzle solving is still engaging (though beginning to sag under the weight of feature creep), and the whole game is so polished you can see your chiselled, scowling face in it. Voice acting is impeccable as ever, though outside of the welcome return of Scarecrow the rogue’s gallery is limp – it was inevitable that by the third game we’d be resorting to repetition or second stringers (with the titular Arkham Knight himself being mostly an extended bum note).The side quests, featuring more colourful B-Listers (including a welcome appearance by Man Bat) are almost universally more entertaining than the main story – the extended Riddler sidequest inparticular is a high point, though quite how race circuits feature into his battle of wits is not particularly clear. The challenges are however varied and often require you to at least partially engage your brain, more than can be said for the rest of the game. Sadly, some of the other sidequests are Ubisoft tier busywork – including the interminable Riddler trophy ticklist, an exercise in mind numbing masochism which is gallingly required for the true ending.While this is a review of nothing but complaining, it’s worth noting that Arkham Knight is not a BAD game, not really – just one that is inferior to the games that preceded it, learning all the wrong lessons. Everything new falls flat, and when it sticks to what it knows it can’t help but feel a bit tired. I really need that middle ground rating curiously absent from steam, as this has got 3/5 written all over it – it feels like a cop out to say “If you want more Batman, you’ll enjoy this” but that’s really what it comes down to – more of the same, except the new parts that are a bit rubbish."
,Not Recommended,208650,16773004,"Posted: 28 June, 2015",all,YourChromosomeDealer,Forget it being a good game. It won't even start up now...
,Not Recommended,208650,16640252,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,Sentient Spaghetti,"Artificially capped to 30fps with no option to turn off motion blur. A very limited graphical options menu is the least of its problems when playing on lowest yields no performance boost. A very disappointing showing for Rocksteady in 2015, no less."
76561198125948314,Not Recommended,208650,16656189,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,asidman1,I don't recommond this game on day one. I really hate that the preorder bonuses are free only if you preorder it. I am having major issues with the frame rate on Normal. In cutscenes its will start to stutter and that stutter wont go away until you restart the game. I had this problem with Mortal Kombat X for PC so they finally patched it down to fix that problem. I am going to play something else or wanting to get it on Consoles instead since I seen the PS4 version is lag free but at 30fps but I prefer it lagless then having major stuttering problems which the past Batman games always suffer on PC running on minimum or recommonded hardware.
,Recommended,208650,29721766,Posted: 5 February,all,xankazo,"Fortunately, I didn't get the game on release and avoided the disastrous experience most players had. But now that most bugs and issues have been ironed out, I can say this is the best Batman game ever. Nobody tells a story like Rocksteady's Batman games. Performance is good on a GTX 1060 (6GB) and this game has some of best graphic quality to date.If you still haven't grabbed this game, do it now that it's dirt cheap. Awesome experience."
,Not Recommended,208650,16652820,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,epmode,"Lousy port, especially compared to the other Arkham games.  Highlights:*An inexplicable 30 FPS lock (easily bypassed by a config file edit)*DRM on top of Steam's DRM, still not mentioned on the store page*Wildly fluctuating framerates, even without the Nvidia Gameworks options enabledWait for patches."
,Not Recommended,208650,25522255,"Posted: 15 September, 2016",all,BaconDelish,"I upgraded my PC to a rx 480 and wanted to play a graphics intensive game to test it out. Lo and behold, bamham arkham knight, sequel to 2 of my favorite games, is on sale. I was aware that when this released the game had performance problems, but I was under the impression that a company would fix their game for 1/3 of their fan base after more than a year of its release. I was wrong. I boot up the game, excitedly crank up every single setting to the highest it can go and begin the game. I am immediately greeted with long and noticeable hiccups and dips. Alright then, I think, maybe I'm overestimating my new card. So I lower every single setting to the lowest it could go and see how it runs again. To my surprise, I still ran like absolute garbage, like they actively tried to make their game run as bad as possible. I want to play this, I do, but I literally cannot play this game. I'm not one of those guys who can only play a game in solid 60 fps, but what I'm getting is legitimately unplayable. It's like I'm playing this on a tablet. This is a batman game, so If you miraculously run this game well, then you'll probably like the gameplay."
,Not Recommended,208650,16636486,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,XEVIOUSXENON,"The gap is huge between the screenshot and the game settle thoroughly with a gtx 980. The game is capped at 30 fps, it stinks the scam.We PC gamers, we're tired of being considered the 5 th wheel of the coach.My condolences to those who took the season pass.One more thing, do not buy Killer Instinct on PC, well done Iron Galaxy."
,Not Recommended,208650,16719313,"Posted: 26 June, 2015",all,Hendog1981,"unplayable and this is the final nail in the coffin of me pre-ordering games. frame drops, poor textures etc. WB, Rocksteady, Nividia and that pathetic company who screwed over PC Arkham fans twice now (Origins) have taken a huge hit in my book as far the how important their customers are to them."
,Not Recommended,208650,17029508,"Posted: 13 July, 2015",all,The Man Who Sold The World,"Worst Batman ever in my opinion. And not even because of bad PC port and bugs. Main character in this game is BATMOBILE. Worst boss fights ever.  I want to play batman, not a batmobile simulator.5/10"
,Recommended,208650,30014186,Posted: 18 February,all,Guardian of Gotham,"You were there at the begining , and now you get to see how it ends ..."
76561198040099691,Not Recommended,208650,16641268,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,radicchix,"GTX 980 with intel 4790 and the game cannot even maintain 30fps. It was ok at first until driving and shooting with batmobile, the game is a mess.Really disappointed, I own a xbox one and ps4 and I choose pc in  multi platform games for graphics and performance, but the truth is the opposite.I should have bought ps4 version.. :("
,Not Recommended,208650,16664952,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,gold soundz,"This is why you don't preorder games.  Not going to go into technical issues here; they're well documented.  This is the worst PC game I've purchased since Dark Souls: Prepare to Die Edition.  GreenManGaming unfortunately doesn't offer refunds, and if there's any consolation it's that I only paid $34 for something that isn't worth 34 cents.  I hope there are people out there willing to speak with their wallets, something I've screwed up royally at this point.  It's clear that Warner Bros. Interactive doesn't give a rat's♥♥♥♥♥about its PC players.  Let's show them how fed up we are with being♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥on at every opportunity they can muster.I wish I was able to do my job as poorly as the developers and publisher of this game and still be paid for it.  What a wonderful industry, and if I have learned any lesson from this it's that I should either stop throwing my money at anything before it's widely available or to buy from Steam to take advantage of the new refund feature.  Hopefully GMG jumps on that bandwagon sooner than later.Give 'em hell, boys and girls."
,Not Recommended,208650,16639908,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,Rubsmith,"The game refuses to even start. I've tried to download the newest driver update from NVidia but it has failed to have any effect.It is a horrible PC port that makes Games for Windows Live look good and  horribly optimized.The response of ""wait a few weeks until it's all fixed"" is offensive.  I've tried to avoid spoilers as I best I could and now what should have been a high point of the year is wasted memory on my computer."
76561198062024135,Not Recommended,208650,16681527,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,TinyRick™,"No PC on earth can run this game without stuttering, crashing, or constant lag. The PC version of this game is clearly at the very bottom of Rocksteady's priorities and most likely won't be fixed for weeks if not months,(or at all). Save your money. DO NOT BUY."
,Recommended,208650,32931933,Posted: 28 June,all,The Hero of Gotham,Very great game.Story is great. AR Challenges are very cool.The graphics are one of the best I have ever seen
,Not Recommended,208650,18740063,"Posted: 29 October, 2015",all,Coconaut,"It's ♥♥♥♥ing poorly optimised garbage that tries too hard to make the Batmobile fun. Just go replay Arkham City, that game will always be the last great Batman game."
,Not Recommended,208650,16677825,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,Lorenzo Lamas,worst pc port known to man. i wanted to love this game.
,Not Recommended,208650,16648203,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,bislyons,Can't get past first mission.Scarecrow releases Rig-toxin leading to crippling unplayable performance.The bigger your rig the harder it falls.Wouldn't pre-order again.
76561197972052573,Not Recommended,208650,16638924,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,tastethecourage,"Steer clear, for now anyway.The game is riddled with performance issues on launch, 6/22. The game suffers from massive stuttering which appears to be caused by the game world streaming in the background. The game world seems to pop-in right before your eyes. Plenty of games are able to achieve smooth gameplay whilst also being open world. This is not acceptable, Rocksteady.Additionally, Rocksteady seems to think covering the game in blur filters, aggressive depth of field and what appears to be chromatic abberation looks good. It does not look good, and you cannot turn off these options within the game. The image quality is very disappointing. Instead of Gotham being beautiful, it looks like a washed-out blurry mess.I am considering a refund."
76561198055440933,Not Recommended,208650,16638379,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,Mr Bond,"Game crashes to desktop when I start it. =( please fix? Edit: Requesting for a refund. Edit 2: Refund went through, thanks valve! I hope the game gets patched soon for all who aren't getting refunds."
76561198052521178,Not Recommended,208650,18757986,"Posted: 30 October, 2015",all,cockpunkap,Well its a perfect way to test steam's refund policy
76561197980801280,Not Recommended,208650,16651270,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,Heathen92,"Not only is it locked at 30 fps, but it stutters to the point that it gave me a headache in less than thirty minutes. I guess there's a first for everything.I'm hoping the refunds go through. Rocksteady doesn't deserve your money."
76561198026367539,Not Recommended,208650,16639572,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,Hexagoros,"Can't play for more than a few minutes without crashing.Graphical glitches all over the place.  Light sources turn objects in their radius totally 'white' and blinding.Game is just a mess.My system is very decent, I can run the Withcer 3 seamlessly on High settings, yet I can't run Arkham Knight on Low without constant stuttering and crashing."
,Not Recommended,208650,16666081,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,Entropic Void,"Game is broken, don't buy. A GTX 980ti can't even run this game. Worst port of all time."
,Not Recommended,208650,18687794,"Posted: 25 October, 2015",all,satorizors,"It'll be nice tofinallyhave access to the DLC Season Pass I purchased 4 months ago when the patch comes out Oct 28th. But my interest has waned and I have no desire to play this garbage port anymore. I've moved on to bigger, and better games, like Clicker Heroes. I get more enjoyment out of that than I ever did from Batman: Arkham Knight, which is actually quite sad.The voice acting is phoned in (which is disappointing, because Kevin Conroy is my favorite Batman); the graphics leave much to be desired (maybe this will finally be fixed with the Oct 28th  patch?); the music is forgettable; thebig revealfalls flat; the lack of true bossfights makes the game a bore; and the heavy reliance on the Batmobile for advancing through the story is not only frustrating, but repetative and unimaginative.Well done, Rocksteady/WB. I should have gotten a refund when I had the chance."
76561198101567211,Not Recommended,208650,20945417,"Posted: 3 February, 2016",all,Marvelfan211,"I am a huge fan of this series. I pre-ordered. I couldn't play the game. I waited, I had faith in Rocksteady. I didn't play until they said it was ready, as not to spoil my impression of what was sure to be another masterpiece.Well, they say PC is ready, but I can't play. I don't own a next gen console. In fact, I bought a PC for the sole purpose of playing this game. I never got my refund.This was the biggest slap in the face I have ever recieved from a corparation. It should have been illegal to sell the game in this state. I want my $60 dollers back.Because of this game, I learned the lesson that you should NEVER pre-order a game. It doesn't matter if the last one was your favorite game of all-time. It doesn't matter if it's being made by the same team. It doesn't matter if the pre-order bonus looks ♥♥♥♥♥♥ic. THEY WILL LIE TO YOU.I heard this game on consoles is amazing. I'm not dropping the dough for a PS4 or Xbox One. I paid 1000 dollers for a pc so I could play Arkham KnightWE SHOULD NOT HAVE TO TAKE THIS♥♥♥♥♥♥ ♥♥♥♥ YOU ROCKSTEADY! I OPENED MY HEART, BUT YOU ONLY WANTED MY OPEN WALLET!"
,Not Recommended,208650,16660611,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,Quavo,Anyone else having preformance issues?Im so glad steam added refunds
,Not Recommended,208650,18731411,"Posted: 28 October, 2015",all,HolyDeath3000,"===2nd UPDATE===Here is a couple things that need to be mentioned first. 4 Months ago Batman Arkham Knight was pulled of Steam, at the time before the first miniature patch I was able to play this game fine at locked 30 fps and it was smooth due to community fixes. We all know who that is and he has done more work than entire Rocksteady and WB combined.So 4 months have past and the interim patch broke my game much worse than the previous patch. So it was even more broken, once again I was forced to use community patches done by community and not WB and Rocksteady. Then today comes and I am expecting to play DLC's.As you can see from my playtime I already pushed over 100Hrs into this game. Well guess what, I have troubleshooted multiple times and yet to recieve all said DLC supposed to be released today. I was expecting to be able to play DLC's but that is not the case. From what I read on Forums the Season Pass holders have some serious issues and have been pretty much scandaled.Now Pros-Game runs decent if you lower your settings and not overdo things. Gameworks look good.-Story was very well done and even the Riddler challenges were decent.-When game ran smoothly on launch for me game mechanics were amazing and fluid.-Lots of funny references and well done comedy.-Unexcepted Ending though depends what you think is good.Cons-Rain textures still buggy, Only work every once in while.-Gamework options are horrible for performance and should not even be touched or turned on period-Game runs worse then launch day.-SLI is still not fixed for those with said setup-Villian claimed to be original isn't at all but a lie. Die Hard Fans Know him very well-WB support is horrendious-Apparently game now needs 12GB of RAM on Win 10. This is not realistic at all.-DLC Content not fully released to Season Pass Holders-Compensation done by WB is worthless if a diehard fan. If you own the games then your out of luck.-Promises still being broken and patch notes released are not even patch notes but a joke.All said and done I would not recomment this game to anyone and if you have a console then get it for that instead. PC right now has been treated poorly and WB has done nothing but lie through their teeth. Many Claims made and promises broken. Releasing the game with no performance gains is unacceptable. Many have claimed performance has yet to change.===New Information===After almost 6 hours DLC content is now downloading and can't wait to play said DLC's. Though I hear that for some game is even more broken now with DLC's installed so I am crossing my fingers hoping I do not fall into that category. Though even with DLC's finally being released finally I still would not recommend buying this game for PC. Get it for Console since it works marvelously on that since the PC community was not a priority.I will state though the story is fantastic and a masterpiece but sadly ruined by many of the game issues that plague this version. You can get the game running much better but you have to go really far out of your way to get the fixes and at least doable.===Additional Update===After playing the game after its re-release I will say the game still needs massive fixes.Without using 3rd party help from specific topics in Batman Arkham Knight forum this game would still be heavily unplayable for many.Though WB recently announced that until the end of 2015 refunds through steam and only purchased through steam are available to get full refund without worry of your playtime. I have obtained my refund and is still pending but time will only tell if the game gets any more serious fixes. On top of that WB also mentioned that they will speak to the community about things that apparently can not be fixed in the game. Reason why I got my refund. This is a warning flag in my mind and so be wary of this title. Tried playing the DLC's but some like the Red Hood DLC kept crashing and I felt there was no story with that DLC. Just mostly you fighting a bunch of enemies and majority of the Vehicle skins can only be used in racing which is a shame."
,Not Recommended,208650,16673212,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,Assadian,"Completely unplayable. I can run The Witcher 3 at 1440p 60FPS all settings maxed, but somehow Arkham Knight is unplayable even with all setttings on low at 1080p. On the bright side, Steam's refund feature works like a charm !"
76561198062971861,Not Recommended,208650,16663959,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,fcaseyo,"Proper system specs, preferred vendors, updated drivers... might as well of tried playing this on a Commodore 64. No problems and gorgeous at first but once the Batmobile and actual combat got involved it was simply unacceptable. Disappointed and a little angry that they plopped out this pile after so many delays. Refund requested and a lesson learned about pre-orders, even if I just bought it yesterday so it would be ready today.What a shameful way for the developers to start the supposed end of the Arkham Trilogy."
,Not Recommended,208650,16738042,"Posted: 27 June, 2015",all,Biji Kurma,"Do you know why they call it Batmobile? BECAUSE IT'S SO ♥♥♥♥ING BAD! it will reduce your fps, stuttering, fps dips, and a lot more to this teribble port. The worst game I've ever played in the first release. Too bad I like the arkham series, I will edit my review if they fix this broken game."
,Not Recommended,208650,18732315,"Posted: 28 October, 2015",all,Dr̀acu͜laf̸e͡t͏us̀,"Still a broken mess after a 5 month wait for a fix. For compensation for people who bought the game gets every Arkham game before December and TF2 items that the community has to make in a contest. I didn't want any of that, I already have every Arkham game as a fan of the series, and I don't want the TF2 items, I wanted a working game to conclude a series that I enjoyed up until this point. As a final entry to the series this is the first game I requested a refund for as the developers who outsourced the game and the developers who ported the game don't deserve to be compensated for this hot garbage.And they have the balls the slap a patch on, call it good, and re-sell the game and all the DLC for full price (which as someone who also owns the season pass didn't get any of this), I know I'm not qualified for a refund, but this game shouldn't be qualified to be on Steam......................./´¯/)....................,/¯../.................../..../............./´¯/'...'/´¯¯`·¸........../'/.../..../......./¨¯\........('(...´...´.... ¯~/'...').........\.................'...../..........''...\.......... _.·´............\..............(..............\.............\..."
,Not Recommended,208650,16639217,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,[147th] kenabi,"With a system thats currently middle of the pack between the min req. specs and current top end for pcs in general, this is still nearly unplayable. Sub 1fps during the opening scenes, and during the the batmobile scenes. 10-15 the rest of the time. Turning all settings to the lowest/off, and with the resolution at 1280x720, it's still not very nifty and windowed mode made little difference.And while yes, this is a BRAND NEW RELEASE... Dear god Rocksteady, your previous titles rocked our socks off, why the terribad performance this round?This plays worse than gta4 did after release. At least that had consistant lag for me, so it was playable, if slowly. the fps spikes are too random for me to bother with just yet.Waiting for an update.patch #1 update; controls randomly freak out and get stuck in one directional path (constant a press to head left for instance.) no improvement ingame (though expected, still sucks.) and the game exit crash is gone, as well as it causing explorer to lock up. some good, some bad.Most of the side missions require you to be fast and have split second timing. Sadly, with things the way they are, you can't even have multi second timing. I've gotten up and gotten a glass of water and come back to it just starting to unfreeze."
76561198171802301,Not Recommended,208650,16639729,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,Redhood,the game keep flicking i got the required system
,Not Recommended,208650,16640375,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,Yvvume,needs to fix this port...
76561198091217246,Not Recommended,208650,16641288,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,Meme_Machine,"Locked at 30FPS, lots of studdering and i changed the imi. or whatever it's called.. it's just bad :/"
,Recommended,208650,32729581,Posted: 24 June,all,[TFD] TertiX,"Hey! Today I am here to say something about this game../Positive/-A lot of content- Movement System (You can go almost everywhere!)- Beautiful graphic- I love batman ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)/Negative/- FPS Drops (Sometimes it goes 60+FPS but sometimes it drops on 15-FPS)- Batman killed someone so he declined his rule (""I dont kill anyone"")/Results/I would give this game 8,5/10-TertiX"
76561198003678349,Not Recommended,208650,16780650,"Posted: 29 June, 2015",all,Vhandroy,"Besides the horrible release and most people not being able to actually play the game, I will say that the gameplay itself is boring and just not that fun. It's more like an endurance test to see how long before you punch your monitor because they WAAAAY overdid the Batmobile to the point of using the car is completely ruined for me. The game should be called Arkham Racer because it seems that's all I am doing is racing the Batmobile. The side missions all have the same formula; do something 3-9 times before you finally cath the villain. Moreover, the ""secret"" ending is just bad, and the 100% completed one is ok. I'll just go back to replaying any previous Arkham game and forget this one exists."
,Not Recommended,208650,16660647,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,GrumpyBunn,"I had been waiting for this game for a LONG time, like many of us did. And just when I hit the play button, I was getting seriously hype; but once the gameplay started, forget it.This games frame rate sucks, locked at 30fps, really? Not to mention my graphics are seriously being♥♥♥♥♥♥in this game, everything is so shiny that I can't even SEE what the hell I'm doing.. I'm severely disappointed. I know people say that they can play for like, 3 hours or so, I can't even play more than five minutes without having to stop. I love the Batman Arkham series it is very sad to see it go so downhill like this. I hope this gets resolved fast because I do not want to wait a couple more months for patches to fix this ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t.**UPDATE**Finally got the graphics to be normal, but once the gameplay starts NOW I just deal with major lag and still a huge drop of frae rate.. it's so annoying. Seriously guys, patch this game up, and do it soon.. for those who pre-ordered like me, changing everything as soon as the game came out is a definite FU to us."
,Not Recommended,208650,16642138,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,Crazedwoodsman,"This is ♥♥♥♥ing terrible-shouldnt be staggering below 60 and yes I fixed your beta ini file. Absolutely ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥, last time I buy a game made by rocksteady"
76561197986643259,Not Recommended,208650,16648242,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,Quiet_samurai83,"First review on steam ever.Downloaded the driver, it has fixed nothing.  Even standing still with max settings this game looks terrible, grainy, and choppy.  I am going to be asking for a refund if this isnt fixed."
76561197971274321,Not Recommended,208650,16649579,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,max_melburn,This is not a port but a stuttering rave party. DO NOT BUYUpdate: I somehow managed to put the game in Window mode and the flickering stopped. The game is playable now but still has horrible frame rate.
,Not Recommended,208650,18816284,"Posted: 1 November, 2015",all,Lulu The Brave,"I should start this by saying that I am a fan of the series.  I still think the Arkham games are a must play for anyone who likes games, console of P.C.  I even went as far as playing through this game even when it first released just because I have a huge appreciation for what the Arkham games brought the table when it comes to world building, art and game design.  With that said, the release of this game was a sham.  The game was unplayable for a huge chunk of the P.C. fanbase and even those of us who could play it had to deal with countless issues.  The season pass was shady, as usual, and months later we've come to find that the DLC that we got was just... disappointing- barely adding anything worth experiencing.Bugs and DLC aside, the game itself is a bit of a disappointment.  The story feels flat and unsatisfying, Riddler is extra annoying with his unnecessarily large amount of trophies and really out of place Riddler races.  The Batmobile was a thing you were forced with deal with rather than a fun addition to the game.  The cast seems interesting and promising but fails to deliver; I really wanted to see more of Robin and Catwoman, Batman's interaction with his constantly-falling-appart family, anything.  It's the last game in the series, give the fans closure... but no.  Instead there's a repetitive and predictable story filled with the same tropes and structure anyone who's read a Batman comic in the past 10 years has seen over and over again.With that said, the gameplay is still good ol' Arkham.  Combat is still fun and snappy, beating up thug after brainless thug is still satisfying.  The game is gorgeous when it wants to be and the art design is still awesome.  I guess that's a plus.  Let's face it, if you're a fan of the series you're probably going to get the game anyway but, as much as it pains me to say it, I would hold on to that thought.  Wait until it's in a better condition or even better, wait for averydeep discount."
,Not Recommended,208650,16676309,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,BX3.DEELPE,"Port is BAD! It's HORRIBLE, needs to be fixed. Not even sure if they CAN fix it.. Because it's THAT broken.0/10 DO NOT BUY... Trust me! You DO NOT want to buy this until it's fixed."
76561198012396043,Not Recommended,208650,16639704,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,KwaggaDan,"Apparently the Riddler likes racing games now? I guess that's one way of riddling me.EDIT: So after 3 hours, the following is pretty clear: a) the Batmobile is horrible. b) the PC port is horrible. c) there is still a good game hidden somewhere down here, but maybe give it a few weeks before buying it.WB has proven that their PC partners cannot really design and port the console games well enough, so avoid the frustration, and wait for the game to be actually finished, imho."
76561198010664000,Not Recommended,208650,18735395,"Posted: 28 October, 2015",all,Jack Shephard,"After purchasing this game on midnight the day it came out i was rewarded with my game not working, love the game but couldnt play it on my beast computer for months, not buying this again."
,Not Recommended,208650,17655883,"Posted: 21 August, 2015",all,OmegaDN,It's a shame that this game was release in such poor quality for PC. I had high hopes for it but given the issues that plagued the game at release and the developers failed expectations for fixes and the delayed DLC (which I payed for already in a season pass) I would hesitate to tell someone to buy this game. This company seriously screwed over the PC gamer community. Do not support this game. I repeat - DO NOT SUPPORT THIS GAME.
,Not Recommended,208650,16895922,"Posted: 5 July, 2015",all,LordFarquhar,Rediculous that Warner Bros. just put this game out on the pc even though they knew there was problems. Taking peoples money and fixing the problems afterwards. Shame on you Warner Bros.
76561198087813946,Not Recommended,208650,16649621,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,Farsight,Unplayable at current state...
,Not Recommended,208650,16676308,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,Signalize,"Normally a review insist of details about gameplay, graphics, story etc.  but I am afraid i can not write about any of those. Game is literally unplayable with my pc which is a bit above reccomended settings. And yet it is impossible to drive or move around without  game stuttering and lagging.Refunded : 0/10"
,Not Recommended,208650,18745475,"Posted: 29 October, 2015",all,Davy Crockett,"Even after the re-release, the game is still the worst port I've played.Performance issues still present: Insane RAM usage and framerate dropsVast majority of bugs still not fixedKeyboard/mouse controls still brokenNo UI adjustments for PCKeep in mind that this patch took them four months to release."
,Not Recommended,208650,16673288,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,The Mega Ghost,"*sigh* My PC beats the requirements by a lot and I cant even get a steady 30 FPS, and yes I tried lowering the settings but nothing worked, I just stopped playing when I reached an area that just dropped the FPS to 15, yeah 15, and I got the premium edition :/"
76561198134466884,Not Recommended,208650,16638460,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,Omae Wa Mou Shindeiru,30 fps lock. Sub par performance on high end cards ( nvidia 980+ ). It's gameworks so AMD performance is by default bad. Don't buy this.
,Not Recommended,208650,16662976,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,Dogwelder,"LIVE REVIEW!I'll be adding as I go on.  Let's get started:HOUR 1Game crashes on first launch, which is only fair as I seemed to be one of the few souls who got to play all 3 previous installments with zero technical issues.  Second time works, so I set about tweaking settings since my GTX 760 is not going to be able to handle this game on max.  Unfortunately, as messing around with these settings requires several restarts, this quickly becomes tedious as the game sticks diligently to its setting of launching succesfully 50% of the time.Additionally, Geforce Experience seems to be on the fritz, so I decide to reboot the PC.  Nope, Geforce hates me too, so it's to time to uninstall him.  While waiting the mandated 20 minutes for that to happen, I go hunting for a fresh copy online, and with so much time on my hands, hit the forums for some light reading, upon which I learn that Geforce seems to not be doing so well in the customer satisfaction index side of things.  Thinking quickly, I decide to forego a software install and opt for just the drivers.  Whew, that was close!Google Chrome tells me that should be done in 2 hours (thanks to the ♥♥♥♥ing ♥♥♥♥♥♥ ♥♥♥♥♥mongering ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ dickless wondercunts at the DSL company).  I tried launching the game anyway, but the failure rate has rocketed up the charts, like a boy band single, to 100% currently.  I'm going to validate the files then see how many times I can launch the game while the driver downloadsHOUR 2Well, the validation seems to have helped, but even with all the graphic settings turned down low, the game is still stuttering a lot, particularly with the driving, and the low-res textures are quite nasty, especially the outdoor thugs who are supposed to be wet from the rain and instead look like they're covered in tha goop from the pods in the Matrix.  Having said the Batmobile is hella cool and I can see how gorgeous this game would be if I wasn't trying to run it on a potato. Last but certainly not least, playing as batman himself feels like slipping on your favourite jacket.One thing that surprised me is that with the bigger map and bigger streets, this is the first game in the series where I'm happy to just sometimes wander the streets on foot instead of zipping about with the batclaw or just sticking to the Batmobile.  The city feels a lot more real than the compact Arkham City and the semi-fake one from Arkham Origins.  I can't wait to explore.  time for some dinner, then a driver install, and we'll see what's what.More to come..."
76561197998626011,Not Recommended,208650,16764073,"Posted: 28 June, 2015",all,SonRencon,"I had high hopes for this game. I would, again, be part of the lore of Batman. With numerous bugs, stuttering rates, and the oh so popular FPS locked at 30, this game keeps me apart. It would be best for gamers to ask for a refund, and hope that the developers wil re-release a new updated one in the next few months."
,Not Recommended,208650,18734546,"Posted: 28 October, 2015",all,HawkEye01,POST RELEASE REVIEWSoftware equivalent of a paperweight
,Not Recommended,208650,18734391,"Posted: 28 October, 2015",all,SeannaeS,"Usually I am not this upset. When the game is running on a gaming laptop with GTX 980m and 16GB ram, and it is laggy as hell. Thanks WB, this is the last pitty 50 bucks for you!"
,Not Recommended,208650,16640961,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,grey_max,"The game is totally unplayable on my well specced rig (freezes at start).  I've been burned too many times recently with games not working at all for several weeks, if it isn't patched this week I'm refunding."
76561198091130681,Not Recommended,208650,16693129,"Posted: 25 June, 2015",all,Slaytanic.420,"one of the worst gaming exsperiences all ALL TIME!!DO NOT BUY THIS!!IGNORE THE POSITIVE REVIEWS,TRUST ME!"
76561198119434129,Recommended,208650,22860003,"Posted: 8 May, 2016",all,sammatron,"awsome game! best one in the series. it is slow but not as slow as assassins creed 5(unity)great combat and predetor. gadgets great.story great. challenge maps great. dlc great.side missions great. batmobile great. you get to play as 8 characters batman,robin,nightwing,catwoman,azrael and the dlc red hood,harley quinn and batgirl all great! it works great on my computer. 10/10 although i wish there was still the ice raft but the waters to rough for that."
,Recommended,208650,26454262,"Posted: 6 November, 2016",all,Agent Ash,"So, if you're still on the fence about buying Arkham Knight, get down and do it. It had a very rocky start, the game was barely playable for the first several months. However, after lots of patches the performance was finally fixed, and now it's clear that performance was its only downside. Batman: Arkham Knight is the Batman we fell in love with back in Arkham Asylum: epic, eye-catching and just plain cool.What's good:+ Proper epic story with lots of great villains and anti-heroes, proper Batman, proper Gotham again under a proper threat. I honestly believe that story is the game's strongest point. At times it's as intense as Nolan's Dark Knight movies.+ Amazing performance after patch (I get over 70 FPS with GTX 970)+ FIGHTS! AK has even more developed and dare I say hardcore combat system+ BATMOBILE! Not on is it cool by itself, but the outside and inside gameplay are practically seamlessly connected+ Lots of Batmobile-specific features, goals and fights, it's not just for show+ LOTS of challenges and DLC mini-stories+ LOTS of skins for the Batman and the Batmobile+ Joker is here and as cool as ever+ Thrilling game introNot so good:- IMO the main villain is one-dimensional, boring and whiny (thank god he's not the only one)- Alternative characters are available only in ministories; no free-roaming with Catwoman this time :(- As cool as other playable characters are, their fighting style is too similar to Batman's- Lots of pointless DLCs (like 1-skin DLCs), which I believe are a cancer of modern gaming and shouldn't exist- Even non-cancerous DLC content is rather short- Following in Assassin's Creed footsteps, Batman requires destroying enemy outposts, towers and droids that the main villan put over the whole city (to be honest, it's still a thousand times more interesting than towers and outposts in any Ubisoft game, and the types of these fortifications are rather varied, but still)- Batman's ability to not kill anybody is getting ridiculous. Not only he's strong as hell, he can also run knocked-out people over with the Batmobile (which is equipped with a machine gun and a rocket launcher, by the way), and the car is also capable of knocking them away with powerful electric blastsTo sum up, one of the best action games I've played and probably the best Batman game as of now."
,Not Recommended,208650,16645031,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,Shawn Marrster,"This game shows how corrupt the video game ""journalist"" industry have become.It is sad.How many 9/10, 10/10 reviews are out there by ""journalists""? Tons of them.Now these ""journalists"" are cough with their pants off. Not mentioning the horrible performanceon PC.I feel conned by reviews. They simply wrote glowing reviews to get money/access to game code weeksbefore launch.Hint to publishers: Instead do a larger beta. The performance issue would have been cough. GivingAMD/Nvidia at least 4-6 weeks to optimize the game/drivers together with WD/Rocksteady.From now Rocksteady is off my ""pre purchase"" list.The sad thing is that Arkhaam Asylum and City where ""game of the year"" titles. I loved these games.---Intel Devils canyon 4ghz/4.4turbo, AMD Radeon 295X 4gig, 16gig, 600meg/SSD and the gameis unplayable. Stuttering even at 1080P resolution. We talk single digit FPS.And its not Nvidias fault like many reviewers believe.People need to understand how ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ drivers for PC are today. Every single game needsto have hand crafted drivers from Nvidia/AMD/Intel. Every single game that is optimized is more orless a hack. Trying to hand-hide as much as possible without loosing information on screen.This is very bad for customers. We have no clear line who is responsible for games that do not work.Microsoft that is responsible for the OS/and DirectX: They are not responsible.The publisher: they cant write drivers. They may be responsible, but they cant do anything.Nvidia/AMD/Intel: They actually dont sell the game. They are not responsible.On consoles everything can be optimized since its the same hardware. But come on. How hard is itto just emulate the performance of todays consoles?  PS4/Xbone are not powerful systems. Even the CPUis not much better than Xbox360. (the huge leap in performance is mainly memory. From 480meg to about 6gigtodays consoles.This is Rocksteady/the publishers fault.Its their job to sit down with Nvidia/AMD and optimize drivers. And this even if Nvidia pays millions in buyingtons of games to give away for free.♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥AMD customers just because some money (if that happened) isvery shady business tactics.  (and again: Its not Nvidias fault. Its Rocksteadys job to provide shipping gaming code to AMD for optimization)"
,Not Recommended,208650,16645723,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,Nemeth782,"Performance is just too awful to be playable.2015 and there is a 30fps cap, which is just crazy, but fortunately you can remove it.Even then, two 980s in SLI and watercooled, overclocked to 1530mhz, and I still only average 52FPS at 1440p.I wanted to play with 3D vision, but that would be an effective 26FPS per eye so unplayable.Very dissapointed."
76561198030980761,Not Recommended,208650,16651225,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,professorzer0,I start up tha game and for the 30 minutes I play I get lag because of the framerate being locked to 30 fps and no matter how much I lower the graphics it doesn't get better so I'm left with a good game which I've been waiting a year for with horrible amounts of lag not worth the money I spent on this game
,Recommended,208650,23963642,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,TWillG94,"As someone who refunded the game upon launch, I can say that I am finally happy to see it running as it should have from the start. I wish developers were not rushed by publishers to release their work before it's done, but there was a good game buried beneath all of the bugs. I highly recommend playing now that it's fixed."
76561198051486861,Not Recommended,208650,16652819,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,Rod Lightning,"Here's my specs for reference;Win7 64bitIntel Core i5-4760K CPU 3.40 GHZ (OCed to 3.9GHZ)8GB RAMNVIDIA GeForce GTX 760Before playing I updated my GeForce drivers to the most recent one .I used medium settings and all the NVIDIA specific settings off and boy was performance bad, nearly unplayable for me.Putting all settings on the lowest possible works better for me but it still stutters and FPS is pretty ♥♥♥♥♥♥. I'm waiting a week or so for them to fix some of these issues before trying to get a refund. I'm really dissapointed especially since my PC meets the recommended specs.I wouldn't buy this game right now. Wait until reports indicate they patched this game."
76561198081423412,Recommended,208650,32160013,Posted: 3 June,all,Weather Report,Batman: Arkham Knight is the final entry of the Arkham series and to say the least it's a good game. Some of the side quests are pretty boring and tedious. By far the most impressive thing about Arkham Knight is the visuals. God Damn this game looks goregeous and the story telling in the game is well written except for the main antogonist The Arkham Knight. It's pretty to figure out who the Arhkam Knight is if you have prior knowledge of the Batman lore. The combat is the similar to the previous Arkham games but with some new gadgets and techniques. The biggest combat update is the multi-takedown which can be upgraded up 5 take-downs. The Challenge maps are pretty similar to the previous games but with a lot new enemy variety. There are times in the game where it can be difficult to have a chaining combo with enemies that will block or parry you. Another big thing they added to this game is the Batmobile. You're going to be using the Batmobile numerous times and some of the puzzles with the Batmobile can be aggrevating at times but it gets the job done with traveling to the different areas in the game. Overall I enjoyed the game a lot with some few annoying segments but a good way to end the trilogy.
76561198031570958,Not Recommended,208650,18829615,"Posted: 1 November, 2015",all,-EXS-Alikard24,WB is now offering full refunds on the game/season pass regardless of play time due to it being unfixable. That in itself should tell you everything you need to know.
76561197973612425,Not Recommended,208650,18748110,"Posted: 29 October, 2015",all,Software Simian,"The new ""patch"" ruined more things than it helped. The game was playable back in June, not stellar but still... now it will never start for you. Do not buy this game, do not support these developers."
76561197995640852,Not Recommended,208650,16661872,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,AlaNLrdE,"Game optimization is horrible, non playable at all, I regret buying it for the pc i won't spend any money on games from this publisher."
76561197968373307,Not Recommended,208650,16675315,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,Magzime,More like Batman: Arkham Knightmare to try to have it work on your PC. I can at least say that the opening logos are gorgeous... Wish I'd get to see the menu!
,Not Recommended,208650,16684890,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,Coscos,"Well, what to say about this game...The game itself is great, feels and plays much better than previous installments, I had a lot of fun in these 5 hours that I (tryed to) play, even though I didn't like the previous games very much. The story is also very interesting for me, and the mission design is awesome. I gladly recommend the game, even if you're not a fan on the series (like me), but FOR THE LOVE OF GOD,DON'T BUY IT FOR PC. If you have a console, be my guest and have fun. If you don't, then you should probably pass on this game. The port is TERRIBLE. The game barely runs on 30 fps, doesn't matter which graphics options I pick, while for example Witcher 3 runs completely maxed out without issues. The game also has a FPS lock on 30 so unless you edit a game file by hand, you're not going any higher than that. And last but not least, the graphics features are worse than the PS4 version. How the hell is that even possible?TL;DR:Buy for console, it's an awesome game.Don't get it for PC, it's terrible. If you don't have a console, just pass on the game."
,Not Recommended,208650,16641201,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,7Tepeli,Shame Shame Shame (Ring Ring) -_-
76561198079811911,Not Recommended,208650,18736234,"Posted: 28 October, 2015",all,Senarin,A company of this caliber takes months and months to patch the finale to a franchise we all held dear to our hearts. This was the first game I used the steam refund system for and I'm so glad I did. What a huge dissapointment.
76561198016950877,Not Recommended,208650,18814610,"Posted: 1 November, 2015",all,christopher2086,I Spent 6 hours downloading this game on my laptop that exceded that reccomended requirements originally posted by the Batman Warner Bros company. The game crashes on site and is usless to me. Being a huge and I mean Huuuuuge batman fan i trusted that the issues were fixed. They were not. Im not buying a ps4. Im going back to play Arkham City instead of Arkham Knight.I do not reccomend this game.
76561198005018786,Not Recommended,208650,18814856,"Posted: 1 November, 2015",all,GeneralChaud,"Poor performance, even with the latest patch coming with resale."
,Recommended,208650,27267177,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,< 𝓱𝓪𝔀𝓴𝓮𝔂𝓮 >,An amazing conclusion to an amazing franchise.....as simple as that.Be the Bat.
,Not Recommended,208650,16699413,"Posted: 25 June, 2015",all,Furluge,"As others have stated the game has very poor performance, which is odd considering that the PS4 this seems to be ported from runs on a modified HD 7870 GPU which is about the same as the old 660 GPUs and I have issues with a 770, and even people with Titan's and 980's can't run it. So what is there to say? It's locked at 30 fps. Most of the graphics settings are hidden in the INI files. And lastly it experiences massive framerate drops at odd times. In short it's not ready for prime time. If you have it, refund it."
76561198041717898,Not Recommended,208650,16643178,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,Kalvin,"Before actually playing the game please for the love of god check the PC Performace part in your graphics options. If you're unhappy with the current ""look"" of the game then dont even bother playing the story mode.I'm running the game maxed and edited the .ini file to unlock the FPS to 60. I have two 980's in SLI and my framerate dips to 28-30. The game looks awful if you compare it to Arkham Origins or even City. A bad pc port. Unless they release a patch or a big update for this game then don't buy this game."
,Not Recommended,208650,18748093,"Posted: 29 October, 2015",all,BCO | indiegeek,Still broken.
76561198255229029,Recommended,208650,31381417,Posted: 26 April,all,KND2501,"I missed out on all the dissapointments of this port, it's a great game, runs like a charm, the devs did a great job patching it up.If the game is on sale, grab yourself a copy regardless, even if you are going to put it on the shelf for a little while."
,Recommended,208650,31049389,Posted: 9 April,all,That Guy ☆VG☆,"Batman Arkham Knight is the 4th and final title in the Batman Arkham franchise action-adventure series that follows Batman through Gotham. I had a lot of skepticism playing this game because all I read were bad reviews from every PC user bashing the game because of the horrible launch that had a plethora of glitches and technical issues with unoptimized performance problems. Locking FPS at 30, crashes, lack of rain shader/ambient occlusion/AA/antisotropic filtering etc etc. I've never myself experienced any of these issues albeit I did play this game a year and a half after it came to PC via port (Release date 6-23-15 vs my gameplay 3-13-17). I sport a pair of Nvidia 970 GTX Sli'd and I don't have a single issue playing the game.Graphics:The plus side of the high-spec card is that the graphics are amazing. It has a certain cinematic authenticity to it, a movie level gloss and immersion that takes you directly into the game and makes you feel like you're truly in Gotham. From the smallest dust particle to the sweeping bridges and skyscrapers, Gotham City truly feels alive. Every crack in the sidewalk, every fierce tattoo, each choppy wave, an craggy wrinkle tells a story that makes you want to know more. The people may not be as attractive as in previous installments, but they are more realistic, and they truly have character.The devs have introduced a photo mode, where you can pause the game and do a nearly 360-degree rotation to get just the perfect shot. Just use the Steam shortcut you set up (F12 default) to take screens, and it removes the ugly interface when you take the shot.Gameplay:They added the Batmobile! What a great addition to the series! Not only can you zoom around Gotham City like a boss, you can destroy half the city as you go! I had great fun running down criminals, blowing up cars, knocking down trees, fences, support pillars, you get the idea. It's basically a fast tank, and it acts like one. In addition to a new form of transportation, we have a great many quests, riddles, and fights to win using the Batmobile, which is not only a car, but a BATTLEmoblie! At the touch of a button we can transform it to a highly-maneuverable tank in order to destroy. We can even do Batmobile-assisted takedowns with Wayne's patented non-lethal rounds. ""It's like being punched in the chest by an angry gorilla!""As far as manuverability the game itself feels so much more fluid, totally engaging and immersing you into the gameplay from being able to fly and grapple across the world. It feels so big yet so small at the same time, it's a huge map but everything is accessable easily and quickly.Combat:As usual for the series, combat starts off deceptively easy, then amps up in difficulty as you progress. We have the new Fear Multi-takedown ability, which enables you to take out up to six enemies within seconds, provided that you can come upon the group by surprise. There are also points in the story where you can play two characters at once, and during this time you can do multi-character takedowns, one of the more fun parts of the combat system.Story:When the game started, I felt that the side missions were much more engrossing than the main storyline. I went through the game knowing not only exactly who our mystery assailant was, but why we were being attacked. Absolutely positive right up to the moment of the unmasking, and then, everything changed. That which had been mildly interesting was suddenly fascinating. My mental shift was profound, as far as such things go, and it pulled me into the story in ways I had never considered. Although one aspect of the story I had totally nailed, there were several real surprises throughout, something which I really cherish. A good story is something that I truly appreciate, but you have a good story with great gameplay. They also do a great job of including the rest of the villianous roster to the game that they previously left out.Pros:+ Amazing level of detail, environmentally and graphically on characters+ Each character is unique with the exception of the occasional thug+ Fluid gameplay+ Hours of exploration and more riddler quests to keep you engaged to 100%, doesn't feel too tedious though you may want to use a guide or youtube+ Introduced Batmobile and all the glory that comes with it+ Interesting and engaging plotCons:- A little repetitive to get the 100% ending- A little frustrating to get certain challenges done, but then again, it is a CHALLENGETL;DR9/10Great graphics, good plot, good combat. I had 0 issues with graphics. Tedious to get 100% ending but definitely doable. I'd say it was the best of the 4 in the Arkham series imo."
76561198004544477,Not Recommended,208650,16748236,"Posted: 27 June, 2015",all,joebones1,still no update...why did they do this to batman.
,Not Recommended,208650,16754945,"Posted: 27 June, 2015",all,xander,As of June 27th the game has performed worse than it did on launch.  The patch they applied actually made it worse if that is even possible well they actually figured out how to do it.
76561197998978767,Not Recommended,208650,16676286,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,DarkElf,Very bad port of a very good game.
,Not Recommended,208650,16670528,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,Bick Benedict,"Games shouldn't have to be patched on launch.  When I first bought it, it was running at sub 10fps at times.  I thought it was my graphics card not being able to handle the game, but hell, I have the recommended GTX 760 it suggests, and in any case, I'm playing on a combination of Low and Normal settings.   After I installed the latest NVIDIA drivers, it works better, but it still is capped at 30fps which is laughable for a game of this calibre.  Since I've played about ten minutes beyond the two hour threshold, I am stuck with the game, but I hope in time the game gets patched and allows for 60fps gameplay.  This is extrremly pathetic.  I can't believe Rocksteady has fallen so far from grace."
76561198015632320,Not Recommended,208650,16672138,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,GuyverGamingtv,ATM i would avoid this game until they fix the terrible PC performance issues. i run a high end gaming rig which is way over recommended and the FPS is shocking. this is another very poor PC port and untill they sort this out i would avoid it.
,Not Recommended,208650,18738449,"Posted: 28 October, 2015",all,yaohan,"The game, for release, was about 3 months of non-stop under 30 fps, and even my gtx 960 was not able to stabilize the frames. The story was a bit meh, being predictable moments and at the very least, when they said the arkham knight was going to be an ""original"" character, they shouldve kept it original. The gameplay was satisfactory though, but waiting 3 months to play at 60fps, with all the while i played the whole game on 30fps, was disappointing to say the least. Arkham city was flawless, how did you mess this game up?UPDATE #1 - As well, they shouldnt of have to force you to use the batmobile, as they intended on using it for this game. I respect and follow the idea, but some areas were literally either focused on using the batmobile, or complete impossible without it."
19286310827364535,Not Recommended,208650,16693896,"Posted: 25 June, 2015",all,ZNGG,"The game itself is great.But it runs like dogshit, so until it gets patched/fixed I do NOT recommend this game AT ALL.Let alone how greedy they are with the 40euro DLC season pass, are you serious? You can't even finish your game and you price your DLC almost at the full game price? Is Ambient Occlusion DLC? Is 60FPS DLC? That would explain why it runs like absolute♥♥♥♥♥♥Worst PC port in a long time, sad because the game is really really good.And for those that might say ""Maybe your rig is not good enough"" I could run witcher 3 60fps 1080p on ULTRA.my overclocked GTX 780Ti was having no issues at all even with hairworks on (but I had it turned off because I didn't like it)In this game, I put everything on low with all the NVIDIA gameworks turned off, and I couldn't hold 60fps almost at any time + it made my card overheat to like 82C in less than 30mins of gameplay.Witcher 3 which is by far heavier graphics wise never pushed my card higher than 68C.You can tell how terrible this PC port is by that alone."
76561198022608702,Not Recommended,208650,18749736,"Posted: 29 October, 2015",all,bossfight1,"I love the game that's buried underneath a legendarily awful PC port. Combat and stealth are still great, it has a good story with epic set pieces, with great music and performances, and the Batmobile, while the game relies on it more than it needs to, is still fun to ride around the city.But the way it was ported to PC - both before and after its October rerelease - is so appalling and insulting that I have to say if you're gonna get this game at all, get it on Xbox One or PS4."
76561198064872333,Not Recommended,208650,18735517,"Posted: 28 October, 2015",all,Naga,i thought they fixed it. I thought WRONG!!! game still crash from time to time
76561198109766334,Not Recommended,208650,16665842,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,Big Hoss,So dissapointed....The fact that a perfectly great system like mine cant run a game licke this is atrocius. The game play entertainment wise is actually very fun but the constant sub 20 fps drop is really dissapointing.I7-5820k32gb ddr4 corsair vengencerog rampage extremeVgtx 980 Scrunning on an intel  730 series ssd 240 gb
76561198068253287,Not Recommended,208650,16666068,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,Rat_King_Kole,"For right now, I highly suggest for those who have never used Steam's new refund policy, now might be the time to. I have played a few hours and i can say that this is one of THE worst ports for a high profile game that i have ever seen in my entire life. I embarrassed for Rocksteady that such a magnificent game is put in the hands of a team that could make a proper port. For shame Warner bros for cutting corners and hedging all your bets on the PS4 version....For Shame."
76561198046593827,Not Recommended,208650,18801472,"Posted: 31 October, 2015",all,dcalverley1969,"That was a great patch. My game worked, and the last patch did help improve performance. Now it's Oct. 31. I want to play Arkham Knight. I try to load it, and a patch gets pushed through. The patch is installed, and now the game won't work. What a joke. Glad I paid all this money for it.Did anyone bother to test the patch before pushing it through?"
76561198059648357,Not Recommended,208650,16748545,"Posted: 27 June, 2015",all,Ronaldo,Laggy Af and its hard to fly around when you have ♥♥♥♥in below 20 fps sometimes
,Not Recommended,208650,16676518,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,Snakesbear,Unable to play. Stutter and lag dominates the game. The game can freeze for several seconds and then continue with more stuttering.It is a shame that they released this game in this terrible state. A total lack of quality controll.I run on 2 sli config GTX 970 with the game ready driver from Nvidia.
76561198013755578,Not Recommended,208650,18735052,"Posted: 28 October, 2015",all,Grand Admiral Thrawn,Id rather play superman 64.................
,Not Recommended,208650,16689338,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,Zubon,This is why they changed the Steam refund policy.
76561198072583013,Not Recommended,208650,17923119,"Posted: 6 September, 2015",all,BaldZebra,"I have loved the franchise but this is first PC expierience with them and I know I will NEVER prepurchase a game from them before, it has been a terrible expirience which I wish I could now go back and refund my money when they offered instead of stupidly waiting for them to ""Fix"" it."
,Recommended,208650,32938073,Posted: 28 June,all,Arkham Soldier,"Riddle me this:I am greater than God, scarier than the Devil, the poor need me, the rich envy me, and if u kill me, Gotham will fall.Who am I?Batman: Arkham Knight is the definition of Best Game Ever! First things first: Gotham. Gotham is beautiful, it's wet/dark look gives the Dark Knight a huge vast open world to explore, with tons of side missions, and trophy's to discover!Riddler's race tracks are very well done, and give you a reason to explore. Gotham is Gotham. If you read the comics, this is the city you're getting. It's rich and amazing. Once you get a bit through the game (SPOILER) The Joker becomes Batman's hallucination. When exploring Gotham, you'll often find him on buildings talking to you about ""How much he missed Gotham."" It's awesome. The Dark Knight himself is Buff and powerful, the fighting has only improved much more then the previous games, and the graphics are superb! ScareCrow is creepy and eerie. But the villain who shines the most throughout the game is Arkham Knight. The voice actor is AMAZING. Although the twist was nothing special, I love how he studies your moves, which forces you to change up your style in each battle. Overall, Batman Arkham Knight is the Batman game we've wanted. Explore Gotham, take down villains, and watch Arkham Asylum and Arkham City gloom in the background. It's perfect. I recommend you get this, NOW!"
76561198083781894,Not Recommended,208650,16638409,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,adf,i cant even play the game... the screen is blinking everytime i try to launch the game...
76561198120418096,Not Recommended,208650,16639580,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,Killa Byte,"Very Laggy, and I have a decent rig. wait for patches. or just dont get it. But I will admit from what little I played, it was really fun."
,Not Recommended,208650,18732242,"Posted: 28 October, 2015",all,Doctor Ironic,"Hi guys! I think I should tell you straight-up: Arkham Knight is a FANTASTIC video game. If you don't mind 30 FPS and have an Xbox One or Playstation 4, I highly recommend you get it on those platforms! Unfortunately, you're reading this review on the Steam digital distribution service for personal computers, which I assume means you're gathering info on what the game would be like if you bought it from Steam. The answer to that is: It's dogshit!During the long hiatus where it was unavailable for purchase, Arkham Knight received one patch that addressed bugs and performance towards the end of September, and that was it. While improvements were made, the game's performance is still quite poor, and many of the errors that plagued launch haven't been fully fixed! Rain effects still don't work the way they do on consoles! As those of us in ""the biz"" like to say: Man, what a crock!The patch that accompanied the relaunch added support for the game's DLC, and that's it! No improvements to the base game whatsoever.If you install this game on an SSD, and have 16 GB of RAM and a high-end i7 and like a 980 Ti, great news! You can actually enjoy this PC game! But those of us who haven't upgraded our PC in the last two weeks are kinda screwed. If you are reading this review in the year 2018, when the game is $10 on sale and everyone has nuclear reactors in their computers (I mean, I assume, anyways) then your sheer strength of hardware will probably overpower the shoddiness of this port, and you will get a wonderful video game for your troubles! For those of us in October 2015, though... Yeah. We're screwed."
,Not Recommended,208650,18733775,"Posted: 28 October, 2015",all,HeyItsThatDude,"Warner Brother's handling of this game has been so poor it's driven me to write my first Steam review ever - and a grossly negative one at that. Performance of this game has improved since it's initial ""release"" in June, but so minutely that one could describe the change as from ""complete and utter dogshit"" to ""wow, this is a pretty awful port"". The mere fact that WB tried to pawn off the unpolished turd that was Batman: Arkham Knight in June was tantamount to spitting in PC gamers' faces. In my mind any attempts by WB to rectify this have been a knee-jerk reaction to the huge backlash at the games release, and the coinciding then-recent advent of Steam refunds. Now here we are at the end of October, with a still barely playable, ugly, crashing game. To put the brown icing on top of the poop cake, at the time of this review Season Passes are not even properly working, rendering a multitude of gamers unable to access content they have rightfully (over)paid for. The cynic in me who has seen WB's past transgressions wonders if it's some attempt to squeeze money out of unaware consumers by letting them ""accidently"" but DLC after already purchasing the Season Pass, in one last attempt to juice the PC gaming community for money until ""post-patch"" reviews are all out and everyone realizes this game is still a turd-sandwhich.Do not buy this game. Do not support Warner Brothers. I regret every moment of not refunding my initial purchase of Batman: Arkham Knight back in June, hoping against hope that WB and Rocksteady would pull through and deliver the game they promised us in good time.I do not recommend Batman: Arkham Knight"
,Not Recommended,208650,16652803,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,Mosab,I am a huge fan of the Arkahm serise so it breaks my little hobbit heart to see the game in this miserable state.I was shocked by the frame rate being locked at 30fbs and so I looked for a way to unlock it. However even with the frame rate unlocked the game still ran pretty badly. At one moment it runs at 80fps the next its at 10fps. Not to mention that whenever you decide to use the batmobile the frame rate hits the ground.All in all this game is great but was made unplayerable by its technical issues and I am thankful for the steam refund system and I urge everone to use it untill they fix the game.My specs:-i7-3770k overclocked to 4GHzAMD R9 200 Series8GB RAMSSDPS: when you google the word issues the game appears in the first page
,Not Recommended,208650,17635491,"Posted: 20 August, 2015",all,jam8942,i wont a refund
,Recommended,208650,33447439,Posted: 10 July,all,WillTheThrill,You can shoot missiles at cars filled with passengers... but don't worry. They're okay because you're Batman and you don't kill.
76561198006645999,Recommended,208650,30188692,Posted: 25 February,all,Ensoph,"Probably the best game in the series, top graphics, the story is pretty good, batmobile and an open city where you can do almost everything."
76561198096110370,Not Recommended,208650,16648347,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,Doctor Dong,"I have a GTX 970 and AMD FX-8350 @ 4.4, which is above reccomended sytem requirements and I still have a lot of stuttering and performance issues that render the game unplayable. I am sure that this would be a great game had I been able to get past the opening credits without the game running at 10 FPS, but in it's current state I have to give it a thumbs down."
,Not Recommended,208650,16646021,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,[A MEX] El Burrito,"First thing I did, was turn off V-sync and do a performance test, with a GTX 980, i7 4930k @ 3.4GHz, 16GB RAM. The game has a minimum FPS of 70 and a nice stable average of about 110. Playing on a 144hz monitor I was happy with this, went to play the game and surprise surprise it's locked to 30 FPS.I played for a while anyway as it was bearable, the gameplay I got through was nice, there are some nice little twists already and the Batmobile is not too shabby.There are about 5 minutes of unskippable logos on start up, which is very frustrating when trying to change settings which require a restart.I changed an ini file to unlock the FPS, and added a launch option to stop the logos from showing (-nologo). If this had worked, I would be recommending this game right now because for all intents and purposes it's great so far. But what happened instead, is that it crashed on launch, claiming that it couldn't find the main executable file. I checked my game files and they were all there. So I went to verify the integrity of the game cache and it ♥♥♥♥ing DELETED THE ENTIRE GAME! So that's a day wasted downloading it again, because at 33GB it takes me a fair while to download it. Having it on the discontinued DVD doesn't help, because it only contains about 1/5th of the files needed.I have to repeat, if you have changed any of the files for the game, do not verify the integrity of the game cache, because for some bizarre reason it will delete the entire game.And why have a performance benchmark test and just lock the ♥♥♥♥ing game to 30 FPS, what♥♥♥♥♥♥is this?"
,Not Recommended,208650,16647026,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,Casper,The gameplay and mechanics of the game a great but the perfortmance is utterly laughable for a game running UE3.For a AAA release this sort of performance issues along with a $40 season pass is terrible.Do not recommend
,Not Recommended,208650,18753294,"Posted: 29 October, 2015",all,go respect gamer girls,"The game itself is the worst Rocksteady Arkham game, but it is still good in its own right.This port, however, even as of the 29th of October, is horribly optimized. If you like playing at a framerate above a cinematic 24fps, STAY AWAY FROM THIS♥♥♥♥♥♥"
,Not Recommended,208650,18734414,"Posted: 28 October, 2015",all,Brushfire // twitch.tv/nerdyshow,"After seeing the patch, and there still being performance issues, I cannot recommend this game. It is barely playable on an SSD and GTX 780.Combine that with Warner Bros. marking any review prior to October 28th being ""Pre-Release"" is a low blow.It is a shame too, as the story was really compelling, gameplay engaging, and visuals really well done. With the game itself being flakey, I cannot recommend this game. Warner Bros. will join the other AAA developers that will never be trusted again when it comes to PC releases."
,Not Recommended,208650,16651219,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,Evil Monkey,"Flickers/stutters on launch. No commands other than ctrl+alt+delete work while it's open (in attempt to leave the stuttering game) and if I'm luck alt+tab. Problems happen at launch, but they shouldn't be this huge! After a few attempts at alt+enter it started working. The game itself is good, but the launch should have been pushed back to deal with these issues. So far I'd say 6/10 (factoring in the horrendous launch issues to a great game.) Until I've seen news of fixes I will not recommend it."
76561198061397514,Not Recommended,208650,16645214,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,mahananaka,"As with almost everyone on here I'm having major issues with the technical aspects of the game. Glitches are everywhere, I would strongly recommend waiting to purchase this game to see if the developers fix the game or go get it on console if that is your thing where I hear these glitches are not so prevalent. This game from my first 3 hours of play could easily be a 9.5/10 but the game is just riddled with so many technical problems that will have to be patched that I currently can't recommend the game on PC in its current state.Sadly this developer just went from having my confidence to not, I will never buy a game from them this early again because I can't trust that they will probably test it for PC. It really feels like they either did not test it on PC at all or just didn't care enough to bother with a day one fix."
,Not Recommended,208650,18821459,"Posted: 1 November, 2015",all,Tango Mango,"Oh how this game couldv'e been great. Huge potential right here, but sadly, Warner Bros just screwed it up. I love the guys at Warner Bros, made many fabulous batman games, including this one don't get my wrong, but the performance in this game that many people have experienced is atrocious, it really is. Bad framerate, stutter, sceen tear, you name it, it has it all. The performance fix that came out seemed to have made it worse aswell. I mean seriously im going to go out and say it, you massively screwed up on this one Warner Bros, im sorry, but you did. As a PC gamer who expected this to be a great title on the pc to be sadly misdirected like this, I can not reccomend this game. Do not buy it unless your sure you can get it to work better for you, which is not really garunteed at all."
,Not Recommended,208650,16639297,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,The Don,"This game is a performance nightmare. First of all, FPS IS LOCKED TO 30 BY DEFAULT?! What ♥♥♥♥ing year is this? The options menu is riduculous (more Nvidia GW settings than graphical settings) and YOU CANNOT CHANGE THE MOUSE SENSITIVITY IN GAME! Like huh?!When you do unlock the FPS, it's all over the place, going from 80 to 30 in the same area, stutters and microlag everywhere. My  specs are above their requirements for even ultra so it's not my hardware. Poor effort. Lazy."
76561198043425353,Recommended,208650,26913052,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Blunck,"Straight to the point, this game was a disaster on release for heavy technical issues.But now, if you have a machine strong enough to run it, this is the best Arkham game of all.Even if you never played an Arkham game before, you should try this one.Game is beautiful, story is rich, combat and stealth encounters are fun, and all in a big Gotham City to explore. Oh, and the Batmobile is a nice addition.The most complete Batman experience yet."
,Not Recommended,208650,29339507,Posted: 18 January,all,Dominator Bob,"Note:My opinions of this game are not affected by the quality of the PC port. I ran the game on a 3 year old graphics card (Geforce GTX 760 Ti) on Low-Medium settings and it still performed reasonably well (45-55 average fps). This game is getting a thumbs down solely due to my opinions on the actual game itself.ProsStory:Second best story in a Batman Arkham game, inferior only to Origins. Why? In retrospect, Asylum's titan mutation plotline was weird, City's storyline was a mess with way too many plot points and villains going on at once, and Origin's story had the best flow to it. Sure, Knight's story was predictable at times, but it was still really entertaining and it gave a lot of depth to Bruce Wayne and, surprisingly, Poison Ivy not seen in the other Arkham games.Soundtrack:Best thing about the game.Holy crap do the tracks in this game sound amazing. Every single song in this game sounds like it's coming from an epic film with the eargasmic orchestrations and choirs. If you never play this game do yourself a favor and look up some of the songs from this game, my god.Gameplay improvements:More takedowns, special moves, etc. Combat and stealth mechanics are the most refined they've been. The new fear multi-takedown for stealth sections adds an element of strategy to whether it's worth taking out 3 guys in 1 second while alerting everyone else in the entire area.Final Act/Boss:Without spoiling anything, the last 5-10 minutes of the game are completely unexpected for an Arkham game and served as a pleasant surprise. Thematically perfect for Bruce Wayne's increased character depth as mentioned earlier. It's also the type of thing that makes you say ""what the ♥♥♥♥ is going on?"" in a good way.Visuals:Gotham looks visually stunning. Definitely the best-looking Arkham game.ConsThe Batmobile:You knew this was coming. I have no problem with the batmobile itself. In fact, using it is actually quite fun and it handles great. Why is this a con? Because this thing lead Rocksteady to take out the the best thing about the Arkham games: puzzle solving with gadgets. Throughout Arkham Knight, you will barely use any of the gadgets in your utility belt, because 90% of puzzles are solved by making the batmobile use some new function or parking it in a certain position or whatever. For me, the gadget puzzle-solving was what made the Arkham games the Arkham games, and by taking out this core feature and replacing it with one device that solves and does everything Rocksteady made an Arkham game that doesn't feel like an Arkham game. The tank battles, while fun at first, get extremely repetitive, as every single battle feels the same and is performed so unnecessarily often throughout the game. If the batmobile was still in the game but played a much smaller role and didn't get in the way of gadget puzzle-solving this game would have been SIGNIFICANTLY better.World design:Yet another drastic change by Rocksteady that makes this game not feel like an Arkahm game: you no longer enter and explore buildings. Instead, 90% if not 100% of the game takes place on rooftops. The stealth sections, the combat, everything is on a rooftop. Want to enter the buildings of Gotham City? Too bad, you gotta fight dudes on a rooftop. In fact there's even an entire part of the storyline where, for reasons I can't spoil, the entire ground is inaccessible and you are forced to run around and do stuff on rooftops. How was making us do everything on rooftops a good idea??The ending:The story just... ends. No satisfying feeling of closure. What's that? To see the true ending you must collect all Riddler trophies? No. The ending is what I saw when I finished the story. The ending I saw did not have a feeling of closure. If they wanted me to get a feeling closure, they should have not put a ""true ending"" behind tedious optional collectible crap.So yeah, if you're an Arkham fan you may be put off by the huge gameplay changes that make this game feel way different from the other Arkham games, but the story is pretty solid and the soundtrack is a must-listen, even to non-Arkham fans. Definitely my least favorite entry in the series."
,Recommended,208650,25790354,"Posted: 30 September, 2016",all,Lukis,"I've played City, Origins, and now Knight, and of those three I can say this is the best game in the series. I haven't played the original Arkham Asylum, but I believe most regard City as better, so I can safely say that Arkham Knight is at least as good as Arkham City, if not better.YMMV, but the PC issues seem to be fixed for me. I have an i5-6400 and a GTX 970 and could play everything on max bar some of the physx stuff like the smoke effects, with 60fps, min 45fps at times in the batmobile. I dipped below 45 very rarely to the point where it was perfectly acceptable. While it is an unfortunate blight that the PC port had such severe issues for so long, if you haven't gotten the game yet consider yourself lucky that you get to have a fresh experience how it should be played.Overall it is everything that Arkham City was but better, great story that really delves into the psyche of Batman's character, very fun gameplay (while some find the batmobile fights a bore, I think they're exciting and not ""un-Batman-like"", nothing is lethal!), and a healthy mix of stellar side quests. Some are alright, never was a fan of the Riddler's stuff, and the Firefly missions were a bit lame, but everything else was pretty interesting and not too overbearing. I recommend having a healthy balance of the side mission and the main story missions, as if you want to access the games true ending you have to complete most of them (you can do everything except the Riddler pretty much, it's really not too bad).There is some more secret stuff story wise that you can only unlock if you complete everything, aka including all of the Riddler's painstakingly tedious ""riddles"", but you can just look it up on Youtube once you're done, it's nothing major and I'm sure most did that :)10/10, if you liked any of the other games, you'll love this one. 33 hours to ~95% completion. Get it."
,Recommended,208650,24745986,"Posted: 6 August, 2016",all,Ben McLean,"Arkham Knight is the ultimate experience of being Batman. You get to actually drive the Batmobile and then as a bonus, IT TURNS INTO A TANK!! How awesome is that?? I had a great time with Arkham Knight and even found every Riddler trophy.It does suffer performance-wise though, with lots of frame-drops. The launch of this game on PC had many problems that are mostly, but not completely fixed. Still, the company put alot of work into it post-launch to fix most of the problems and it is fixed enough to be fully playable on PC without too much hassle."
,Not Recommended,208650,16702199,"Posted: 25 June, 2015",all,Add for OW: Cruzey#2316,"LOL  Rocksteady Studios  please....For those of you getting 30 FPS, lucky SOB. I played this game for maybe ten minutes before deciding it is unplayable. Which is sad, because even at 10 FPS, it's clear to see this would have been a great game."
76561198135030055,Not Recommended,208650,18813805,"Posted: 1 November, 2015",all,dangergabe70,Do not  buy it!  It   crashes  on pc.
,Recommended,208650,29092758,Posted: 7 January,all,Ragnar Lodbrok,PERFECT!https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uumGzjJTM6A
,Recommended,208650,21052915,"Posted: 8 February, 2016",all,Ғђ ▫Suicide's littlehelper,"The game is playable. I see no problems with it but people are still angry over it's release and they have good reason to be. The company should have listened to their quality assurance testers. They knew the mess it was for months and nothing was done about it. I'm sad, because it really is a good game that most won't try out because of the scandalous greed that is WB.As of this review, the game is playable. It's up to you whether or not you boycott Arkham Knight."
76561198048346881,Recommended,208650,23059046,"Posted: 18 May, 2016",all,Howard,"best batman game. I got very cool emotions. This my best game of the year 2015. Greatest final trilogy. Plot, sound, graphics, characters...ALL made with soul. Recomende your must play this game. Just 10/10"
76561198045836744,Not Recommended,208650,16639844,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,President Donald Trump,"I absolutely would not recommend this game at launch unless you want to play a powerpoint presentation.  It looks very nice, and looks like a quality experience, but only if it actually functioned.  MY 980 is barely squeezing out over 50fps, and the first time the batmobile showed up, I dropped to single digits (on medium settings).  The only good thing about this game at present is that it's the first AAA game I can get a refund for (currently pending)."
76561198054479720,Recommended,208650,27315098,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Lord of Vengeance,One of the best games i have ever played
76561198006918842,Not Recommended,208650,18754115,"Posted: 29 October, 2015",all,NY152,"Even after the patch and the re-release this is still a very, very crappy port. My PC isn't top of the line (Core i7, GTX 760 2GB, 8GB RAM, don't have a SSD) but it still plays other recent games like Witcher 3, MGS V and even the new Star Wars Battlefront Beta really well - not on ultra, but really well. But I can't play Arkham Knight without suffering major stuttering, even with all the graphic settings on low and every effect turned off. It's not unplayable, but it's so far from being optimized. Only buy this game if you have an incredible PC or if you don't have the option to play it on consoles."
76561197968867360,Not Recommended,208650,16639964,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,Chrt,Not optimized properly at alllag spikes quite often even in lowest settings especially when i use the car for maneuvers like doing a u turn or accelerating in general and well you've seen all the red thumbs down reviews.
76561198006447593,Not Recommended,208650,16639657,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,Wighammer,"Locked to 30fps. Game looked like it was going to be good, then BAM, console peasantry frame rates. Sure there are supposedly ways to get around this, but come on, this shouldn't be a problem.REFUND THIS♥♥♥♥♥♥YO"
,Not Recommended,208650,16659163,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,ClarityRich,"Horrible framerates, lag, and memory leaks. Wait."
76561198045978738,Not Recommended,208650,16659209,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,jack_white477,"I think this game is probably wonderful. I don't know for sure because the advanced graphical settings are missing entirely. Not in a Launcher, not in the options, just in some config files in your installation folder that will (according to some good people on the internet) crash and reinstall the game when changed. Furthermore, ambient occlusion, motion blur, realistic fabrics effects, etc. are locked ON, and unaccesible.This means that a Nvidia 760 GTX will NOT run this game at over 20FPS on the lowest settings the game lets you try. However each and every of those 20 fps will look beautiful (plus a lot of motion blur). Enjoy your slideshow. Hope a patch will fix this 'overlooked issue' soon. Maximum 6 months.Enjoy!"
,Not Recommended,208650,18748064,"Posted: 29 October, 2015",all,R@d_Lo0ntern2123,"Ok what the ♥♥♥♥ WB!**DISCLAIMER**Most of the text on the bottom is me venting on my terrible experience with the game, my REVIEW of it however is this:The game is actually good (e.g story, characters, atmosphere etc) BUT WB ruined a game I was waiting 2 years for.If I played the game on PS4 I would have given it 7/10 but because i played the atrosity that is the PC version, I give it a 4/10.Alright, when the game released, I was one of the lucky ones, the game didn't crash at all the first time, no technical difficulties, no crashing, no texture ♥♥♥♥ up. But then the new update on the 1/9/15 came and completely ♥♥♥♥ed up the game, I mean just completely ♥♥♥♥ing up everything (look at my screenshots to see what i'm talking about). And now with this 'new'  update (28/10/15) that's supposed to 'FIX' everything... THE CAME WON'T EVEN ♥♥♥♥ING LAUNCH. I veryfied the game cache, restarted my pc twice, and REINSTALLED THE GAME with the same ♥♥♥♥ing results. ♥♥♥♥ WB ♥♥♥♥ this game ♥♥♥♥ everything to do with the Arkham games on pc for the future (and it really makes me genuinly sad to say that because I love the Arkham games). If you really want to play this game WB has basically forced yoy to buy a PS4 or XBONE... ♥♥♥♥ WB"
,Not Recommended,208650,16660668,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,#MasterKimChi,I stole my Mom's credit card to purchase this game and now I want a refund.
,Not Recommended,208650,16640698,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,Pope Platypus,"It *pains* me to write this review because based on the little I was able to enjoy of Arkham Knight, I understand why so many people are saying it's one of the best games they've ever played. What was already just shy of perfect in Arkham City has been refined and tweaked seamlessly, making the gliding, combat and exploration an absolute joy. Slicker than an oiled up ♥♥♥♥♥ at a fishing derby. Contrary to a lot of people's opinions on the batmobile, I love how it handles. It's a blast to plough through the streets of Gotham and see thugs run and cower in its wake. The first hour of the game's story also dwarfs that of City's or Asylum's by a long shot and in spite of the fact that it is nearly impossible to avoid spoilers online, the less you know about what happens, the better. Whenever I can play the game to completion, I know I'm in for a wild ride.Unfortunately, this bungled botch job of a port utterly ruins any fun you'll have. I would prefer to remain optimistic that the Day One patch will sort a lot of these issues out, but I've also been neck deep in the launch disaster of Mortal Kombat X, which I foolishly spent $100 dollars on. While the issues I personally have experienced with Arkham Knight are *nothing* compared to the mass of ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t High Voltage is responsible for, many other people have it much worse, even on better rigs than mine too. Perpetual black screens, the city not being rendered in hell, some people can't even start the ♥♥♥♥ing game!Even when I fixed the capped at 30 FPS problem, tweaked the texture options, enabled MSAA and disabled the NVIDIA Gameworks settings, (which are ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t by the way) my game would randomly just die after running well enough for me to enjoy myself and think I'd figured out a way around the issues.The fact of the matter is, releasing a port like this is unacceptable. Bungling the launch of such a high profile game is inexcusable and deliberately withholding PC review codes to avoid a PR disaster is practically criminal. There is NO excuse for this, especially not from a studio that's released two of my favorite games of all time...but, the sad fact of AAA gaming these days is you can't trust anyone. It doesn't matter what they've released, how great the footage looks in commercials or gameplay vids, what you might want or hope the game is like, chances are something horrible awaits you. I dread the releases of Fallout 4 and Metal Gear Solid V, should they choose to follow in Arkham Knight and Mortal Kombat X's example.For now, save your money. If Rocksteady can fix things in two weeks, I will edit this review to properly discuss the actual *game*. If not, I'll get my money back and see if the Devil May Cry 4: Special Edition is worth a damn...I swear, these bungled ports are the work of The Joker.**EDIT** At this time, Rocksteady has proven their utter contempt for the PC gaming community and I've requested a refund. I advise everyone who hasn't already to do so, because until the inevitable Game Of The Year edition comes out, you're in for the same ride as MKX.Good luck to anyone who sticks this out, yer gonna need it.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sGFy5tMyAgU&feature=youtu.be**ADDITIONAL EDIT**So, year's almost over, Arkham Knight's back on Steam now and it's *still* not fixed. ♥♥♥♥ me, am I ever glad I jumped ship when I did. Selling the game for $10 less and offering refunds isn't going to fix anything WB. You ♥♥♥♥ed up. Admit it - admit that you're lying, deceiving, useless, money grubbing♥♥♥♥♥♥♥and be done with it.In the time since I wrote my initial review I've also had the opportunity to play the game on a friend's PS4 and surprise surprise, it's not great. It's not a *bad* game but after that first hour I was incapable of passing the story quality nosedives, the acting gets hammier than a pig farm and 80% (not even kidding) of the main gameplay becomes Batman: Tank Warfare. Want to swoop down off of rooftops in the larger areas of Gotham to beat up bad guys? TOO BAD, drones will insta-kill you. Biggest disappointment of 2015, hands down. It'd be funny if it weren't so pathetic."
,Not Recommended,208650,18733278,"Posted: 28 October, 2015",all,Ringo,"You play as the Batmobile with some Batman side missions. Character story DLC is stupid short. Game still broken after relaunch. No apologies, no compensation (everyone who buys the game gets those ""free"" games that we probably already own anyways), no ♥♥♥♥s were given by the devs/publisher.The trainwreck that keeps on wrecking."
,Not Recommended,208650,16648648,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,Johan,"Terrible console port. I have a 980ti and even with the frame cap taken off the frame rate still drops to below 30 at times and the game crashed 3 times in 30 minutes. The strange thing is the benchmark ran like a dream which got me very excited. Then I loaded up the game itself . . . A motion blur filled, low fps rash fest. Do not purchase for PC until all known bugs have been worked out!"
76561197961345022,Not Recommended,208650,16657711,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,KeefeUp,Computer gets 100FPS in the in game benchmark.  Game locked at 30fps...WTF
76561197994104795,Not Recommended,208650,18506221,"Posted: 16 October, 2015",all,spoon420,I've been waiting 2 months now for them to make the game I bought playable and now they are releaseing DLC for a game you can't even play. I am done waiting I am just going to request a refund.
,Not Recommended,208650,18755543,"Posted: 29 October, 2015",all,Shade Silverwing,"I've waited five months. Five months for a series I loved to peices. I was patient, I was understanding, and now, I've basically given up. I will never support WB again. They should have taken the time and delayed it. I'm running a GTX 760, 16 GB of ram, lowest settings, and just constant stutter. I deserve this game for 80% off for how terribly optimized it's been made. But I was foolish. I pre-ordered and this is what I get, five months later. You can count on me never purchasing from WB for a long time.Oh, can stop the bulls**t about how you care about the community's support. Not only have we been slapped in the face but now your spitting in it. You don't treat us the way we deserve to be treated."
,Recommended,208650,34111801,Posted: 8 August,all,Vanguard Shep,"This was the first game in a while that forced me to crank down the graphical settings (GTX 970m), but once I did the game ran smoothly with maybe one or two crashes in 50+ hours. I absolutely loved this game and even took the time to collect all of the Riddler trophies, which I didn't do in the previous games. I even liked the Batmobile segments. I recommend getting the season pass when it's cheap, as it adds a lot of great content. The alternate skins for Batman and the Batmobile are especially cool for those who've lived through multiple eras of Batman."
76561198175773301,Recommended,208650,25938675,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,PIO79EK,"If Batman is Bruce Wayne, then who's been playing Bruce Wayne all this time?"
76561198199154999,Not Recommended,208650,17440181,"Posted: 8 August, 2015",all,*****punk_warlock,"Although it greatly pains me to do this, I'll have to thumb down this game for now as it is currently in a broken state.I have been a big fan of the franchise after playing Arkham Asylum and Arkham City and having a blast with them.I decided that I will pre-order Batman Arkham Knight as a way to send out my support since Rocksteady and Warner Brothers gave me such a treat.Wrong move. I got royally screwed.Batman Arkham Knight was the first (and definitely will be the last) game I pre-ordered. Sad to say that I was given a half-cooked product that suffers from graphical, frame rate and stability issues.It's not totally ""unplayable"" but you will definitely not enjoy playing Arkham Knight with the stutters and constant drops in frame rate.The previous titles, including Arkham Origins fare way better than Arkham Knight, at least on my system.However, I still believe that Rocksteady and WB will be able to keep their act together and provide a patch that will alleviate and hopefully resolve all the problems soon.So I won't be invoking my refund right with Steam just make damn sure that you'll fix the game when you do.Here's to hoping that Rocksteady pushes through with a Batman Beyond game with the elements of the Arkham franchise.***EDIT***After the patch this October 30 I was in high hopes but now I can't even actually launch the game anymore.Getting a refund and just gonna purchase Dragon Age Origins. This was such a downer for me. One of the worst experiences in my gaming life."
76561197971402890,Recommended,208650,32303383,Posted: 9 June,all,retaniius,This game had issua at start so i waited for some time. Recently started playing and have to sday this is great game. It is still sad it does not support SLI and my 970 GTX sometimes get glitches. But apart from that this is great game!!!
,Not Recommended,208650,16643348,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,Richard!!!!!,"Unplayable, where is your QA rocksteady?"
,Not Recommended,208650,18819213,"Posted: 1 November, 2015",all,TryingToFly,"DO NOT BUY THIS GAME!It is still NOT fixed. I have the recommended specs, and yet the Batmobile destorys the framerate for video and sound. The sound actually chugs.I can't believe I spent the $90 on this thinking that they actually fixed it.When you're in the graphics menu, there is a bar telling you how CPU usuage you're using. I turned mine way down even though I can play other games like Phantom Pain on the highest settings, and this game still stutters. Again, it completely dies with the bat mobile, so with that said, I find it unplayable.The reason I bought this is because I am a huge fan of the series and I don't have a PS4. If I had a PS4 I wouldn't be playing the game here.I suggest that Steam should pull it again."
,Not Recommended,208650,16640587,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,Jackhen,"awful graphic and performance, get 20+fps on 1280x720 with gtx690, that's insane"
76561198010019630,Not Recommended,208650,18765499,"Posted: 30 October, 2015",all,Zero Byte,"Game comes down ten dollars from original price (permanently), no refunds offered or anything?  Not touching another Wb/rock♥♥♥♥♥♥ game again."
,Not Recommended,208650,16700257,"Posted: 25 June, 2015",all,UnironicMisery,Perhaps the worst optimized game I have ever played. I am sick of Developers treating PC gamers like this. I mean does our money not mean anything to you?
76561198007999150,Not Recommended,208650,18816811,"Posted: 1 November, 2015",all,Bossanii,The epic ending of the series. shame on you WB/Rocksteady Studios
,Recommended,208650,29894148,Posted: 13 February,all,Hey_its_Me,The issues and bugs that were present when this game was released are all gone. Its a pretty decent game without all those issues. Although keyboard controls can be made more comfortable.
,Not Recommended,208650,18736450,"Posted: 28 October, 2015",all,shawnhovde,"thought they fixed it, immediately once i could play as batman, i jumped off the roof where you start glided for 30 seconds and the game crashed. i hope i can manage to get this thing to run on my fx 8350/4gb r9 380/16gb system ram. for a second i thought it was going to run how its suposed to. :/ not worth 49.99 should have waited for a steam sale.update 1 i had everything on the highest during first try, i lowered everything to the minimum and it froze immediately after i jumped off the roof. it ran better with the settings maxed out wtf?update 2 tried on normal, ran for 40 mins roughly, crashed again, midair, again. got a bit into the game though."
76561198175581087,Not Recommended,208650,16702529,"Posted: 25 June, 2015",all,Bloos man,"I have a gaming rig that surpassed what the requirements called for, yet the game would'nt start, There was just a constant stutter and blinking screen. Thank you to steam for offering and honoring your return policy."
76561198119604180,Not Recommended,208650,17926857,"Posted: 7 September, 2015",all,Bruh,"If you havent played the other games then this is not worth your time, even if it wasn't buggy. If you have played the others then get it, play through it once, and don't bother with getting 100% on it as theextended endingis not worth it. Just beat it on easy or normal for the story and watch theextended endingon youtube."
,Not Recommended,208650,23132551,"Posted: 22 May, 2016",all,Koohandluke,Meh .Bigger is not always better as seems to be the trend these days.They did a fantastic job of making a huge void of life and charm uninteresting boring world.All kinds of places to explore just nothing cool to find. Huge packs of mobs to fight but really no reason to fight them. The batmobile is bad♥♥♥♥♥but the automobile combat and puzzles that are a larger part of the game are not that good and honestly it’s been done better in a hundred games over the last 20 years and if I wanted to shoot tanks for hours I would have played one of them.If its collecting objects and solving repetitive puzzles with meaningless combat and chasing achievements is what you enjoy then you’re in luck because this game has it in spades.But for me its always been about the story the characters the depth and lore of the world that keeps me mashing buttons to get to the next part of that story .but not unlike a lot of great franchises these days that seems to be second to collecting orbs or trophies and statues and DLC for costumes or skinns that have no impact on the game at all.
76561198193765223,Recommended,208650,28661310,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,Druology,"After finishing the game 98% (Except NG+), I can safely say that the devs seems to have redeemed themselves based on all the critics I've heard back when this was released on PC. Go get it!"
,Not Recommended,208650,16648569,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,Crey,"Don't buy it unless they fix it.Framerate drops, audio stuttering, textures not loading and the list continues on. Even with a PC that exceeds the requirements, the game is not playable. So be a champ and vote with you money because that all they care about it seems.Gameplay - Story is interesting and the Melee Combat is better then ever, but the batmobile kinda ruins the experience. Had it been just a gadget and not a major component it would have been a non issue, but a lot of missions are centered around driving and fighting in it, which is just not fun. If i wanted to drive a tank i would have played World of Tanks not a Batman game."
,Not Recommended,208650,16660804,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,loryka,Best refund of the year 10/10
76561197966760995,Not Recommended,208650,16810555,"Posted: 30 June, 2015",all,altofraggle,"this version of the game is a joke, the textures are ugly and blurry. The game runs well enough but the graphics ruin the experience. A good test of a game for me is when I dont feel like running through it, but instead walk and absorb the environment and little details people work hard to put in the game. To take time and do all the side missions so I can be part of the world I am escaping into for as long as possible. The pc version has been stripped of all the graphics that make this possible. It is hard to decide whether this was pure incompetence or intentional, and honestly I am not sure which one would be worse. I am officially refunding the game after waiting since the launch, and several incredibly vague updates with no real indication of a time frame other than "" it will take some time"". Thankyou steam for your refund policy and allowing us to vote with our wallets."
,Not Recommended,208650,16649848,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,Windettz,Don't buy it right now (23/06/2015) because bad perfomance everywheremy 970 cannot make a stable with 30fps
76561198065621158,Recommended,208650,33492184,Posted: 12 July,all,Xiox,"For some reason I never liked the previous games, I remember trying Arkham Asylum way back when it came out and I didn't enjoy it. I got this game and now I really wish I would have gotten into it before to learn the story. Everything about this is simply amazing, definitely a highly polished and detailed game created by very talented and skilled people.It has a decently large area to explore with an incredible amount of detail, not a single spot looks unfinished or like they just quickly threw things together. The atmosphere is very dark and serious, while it also contains a lot of humor (dark and light) with the regular appearance of Joker and the conversations that you hear from the various thugs around the city. The AI is incredibly well done, enemies will talk to eachother to make sure they're all okay, and will interact with eachother in different situations, such as waching eachothers backs, calling for backup if they feel unsafe or find a body, etc.There's a lot of positives that I could mention, and not many negatives that I can think of. There are few games that I HIGHLY recommend playing, but this is definitely one of them.I should also mention that I didn't experience a single bug or crash the entire time I played it. Everything went very smoothly."
76561198173290851,Recommended,208650,28907831,Posted: 1 January,all,LJay24,"Arkham knight is such an amazing game. When i started playing and the beginning part came i felt hyped. This game gives you countless numbers of missions to do so you wont be bored after completing the story. (Not the true ending) I personally love the batmobile and after getting the hang of driving it, It's extremely amusing.Pros:- Amazing graphics(even with bad gpus in my opinion)- You actually feel like batman- Enhanced combat and predator encounters.- Truly, an amazing story.- The Batmobile. Enuf sed- A great deal of sidemissions- Dual Play between characters isfantastic.- Riddler races were very fun but was a struggle.- _____ was in it, which i would've missed if he hadn't.Cons:- No real boss fights (ex. BAO's deathstroke)- Deathstroke was over exaggerated- Arkham knight was interesting but sadly predictable.- Some bugs, but not a problem for me.- An extreme amount of having to overuse the batmobile, but who am I to complain, I love it.- The races were hard, but after a ton of tries and attempts to punch a wall you'd get better.Well this is my review of Arkham Knight and the pros and cons. Thanks for reading!"
76561198007517432,Not Recommended,208650,16669029,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,cremix2,"Unplayable, when I started this POS game I can already tell something is wrong.  I just played Witcher 3 on this computer to check if something is wrong with my computer but it runs pefectly unlike Arkham Knight"
76561198051136047,Not Recommended,208650,18823193,"Posted: 1 November, 2015",all,Ol' Uncle Sheo[Gurren],"Where the hell do I even begin with this damn game....This is actually my secondreview. Though initially I gave it a positive review, claiming that, even though it didn't run very well, it was still a very solid game on the basis of its gameplay and story, and we shouldn't be so quick to judge it, considering they were hard at work on a patch to address the numerous issues that this god-awful port faced.That was five months ago. Five ♥♥♥♥ing months. And we just got the patch a few days ago. Since that patch, the game won't even start in fullscreen for many players, and those who can get the damn game running report that it's practically unchanged from the recent ""Patch""--the only thing that seems to have been added is the DLC that console players have been enjoying over the past half-year.Yes. The story is great. Yes. The gameplay is fun. But I can't recommend this damn game to anyone on any goddamn platform on the simple basis that CLEARLY, they don't give a damn about the people who're buying their product. Clearly they don't give a damn about selling an actual quality product. Oh, and it runs like♥♥♥♥♥♥ That's another nail in the coffin.Update: There have been a few updates to the game since I rewrote this review, and I am less than excited to say that the biggest post-""big update"" flaw, that is, the game won't start in fullscreen for just about anyone, is still plaguing the game. You can, of course, run it in borderless window mode, but you shouldn't ♥♥♥♥ing have to.Update 2: I've long since lost count of the months, and I've long since given up hope of actually getting to play the new DLC, because the game STILL won't open in fullscreen. This hasn't stopped them from releasing more and more DLC, of course.Bottom line: I give up. The game doesn't work, and it never will work. It's sad, because I really want to love this game. Mechanically, it's one of the best games I've ever played. Graphically, it's more than beautiful, it's stunning. And the story? Apart from the ♥♥♥♥ing ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t ""reveal"" of the Arkham Knight's ""secret"" identity(Yes, you really did guess it right the first time you saw him), it's easily among the best comic book adaptations I've ever seen in any media. Even the AK's ""reveal"" is excused by his incredible motivation, and his stunning backstory.But you won't get the chance to experience it, even if you do buy it."
76561198060608078,Not Recommended,208650,16669776,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,agd37,Unplayable port. Get a refund.
,Not Recommended,208650,16897328,"Posted: 5 July, 2015",all,cloud,"Another Batman game, this time with the batmoble in it.Unfortunately it does not run as smoothly as the other three games yet costs more and during the porting process they didnt think it wise to allow customisation of graphical settings to allow a wide range of PCs to play it, hence the low score.Either upgrade to 16Gig of ram or wait until its patched before buying it."
,Recommended,208650,24432460,"Posted: 20 July, 2016",all,[MoS] Naelok,"So I liked all the Arkham games, including this one.In terms of gameplay, this is not a great departure from the last three games. You are Batman and you alternate between jumping from rooftop to rooftop beating up random dudes and then having fisticuffs with crowds of jerks. Like Arkham City and Origins, it's still an open world sandbox game wherein Batman fights to protect a city that seems to be populated exclusively with dudes who are lining up to rob a bank or knock over a jewelry store. Seriously, besides one building of cops, a couple of firefighters and Batman's assorted sidekicks, the entire city is just a pack of dip♥♥♥♥♥. It makes you sort of wonder why saving it is even worth it in the first place.Anyhow, that aside, the main innovation is you have the Batmobile, which is a tank thingie that's fun enough to use. Nothing groundbreaking, but it's not like the Batmobile segments aren't fun or whatnot.The story meanwhile is pretty strong, although due to the comic book origins of the series it pulls a lot of punches. I think this is supposed to be the last of the Arkham games, so you'd think that the creators would be more willing to kill characters. I mean, it's not like if you kill them in this game they're deleted from the comic book forever guys. But in spite of that, there are some incredibly good scenes and I was very interested from start to finish. Some plot twists are  presented a bit too obviously (the identity of the Arkham Knight is painfully obvious for about three hours), but most of it  still comes together pretty solidly.Until you get to the ending.Or well, I should say ""Until you see what the ending involves"". Because in order to actually see what happens at the end you've got to collect every single mother♥♥♥♥ing Riddler trophy. All 250 or so of them.I don't understand Rocksteady's obsession with those ♥♥♥♥ing things. Is it just a petulant idea that if you go through all this trouble making a big sandbox city that you ought to put♥♥♥♥♥♥around to make sure the player goes around appreciating all of it? Ugh.I ended up watching the ending on Youtube. It was alright. But the fact that the game locked it behind tedious collection quests is ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t.Still, beyond that it's a good game. I'll probably play some of the DLC."
,Recommended,208650,22534801,"Posted: 20 April, 2016",all,Lyon,"The Batman series has taken me along for the ride. I should probably explain upfront the elephant in the room; the thing that everyone needs to know and yet somehow no one seems to be talking about.In between Arkham City and Arkham Knight, the game was handed to an Ipad Factory developer and Warner Bros.-owned Warner Montreal. Warner Montreal has never made a blockbuster to save their life, so basically what that team did was copy Arkham City almost exactly, and try to bring back a few old faces from the Batman comic. They failed spectacularly. Arkham Origins was a complete flop.The reason for this decision was simple. Rocksteady is a great developer, and Warner Inc is greedy. Rocksteady said, after Arkham City: ""We're not really happy with our engine. You need to give us a few years to improve our code."" Not able to compel Rocksteady into action, they redeployed Rocksteady's secondary assets to Montreal. The problem with this is it stymied development of Arkham Knight, causing the game's PC release to be glitchy and unfinished when it finally arrived.TLDR: A lot of these negative reviews reflect poorly on the publisher, not on the game.Arkham Knight is the natural progression of the Arkham series. If you haven't played the other games, you won't understand the story of this one. If I wasn't a Batman fan, I would probably be confused with the time skip even after playing the previous games. It was rather jarring after seeing Oracle in a supporting role in City, and then being bumped up to a major recurring character in Knight. A lot of the story was left out and I think it might have been more evocative to see what happened with the supporting cast. Oh well.Functionally, I like this game. It feels very very smooth. When you call the batmobile, it's like the game intelligently decides how to cinematically drop Batman's model into the cockpit. If you're in the air, the car will drive beneath you and try to land you seamlessly in your seat. On the ground? The car will drive past you and the Batman model will take a quick hop in the air. Want to get out quickly? The model will eject and the car will drift to a halt. It's very well done. A lot of effort went into asthetics.Combat is pretty nice. Improvements were made on the counter system. Now trying to fit your strikes in with blocks isn't such a big deal.  I was disappointed with a lack of innovative level up incentives. The ability to use one specific gadet while flying costs 4 tech points? Also, some of the upgrades didn't unlock in normal mode until you were way past used to dealing with certain annoying enemies.All of the gripes I have with Knight are with production choices. Scarecrow's voice actor ISN'T SCARY. He sounds too much like Hugo strange. Hearing his voiceovers as I'm driving around makes me want to yawn. Jonathan Crane is supposed to be a spindly little doctor with a sadistic streak. Where is that character? Production turned him into a generic-o-matic villain. The character is flat and not fun.On the flip side, there is a certain surprise actor who does an amazing job, as always, and the production team did a great job of standing him up. I wish they had spent a little more time on Scarecrow.Where is Jervish Tetch? The mad hatter is my favorite villain. All I get is a little sidenote in the evidence locker? shame.All in all? 8/10. It's a great game. It certainly has my vote for GotY"
,Not Recommended,208650,20943123,"Posted: 3 February, 2016",all,Jourgenson,Runs like♥♥♥♥♥on my 970.  Refunded.
,Not Recommended,208650,16646924,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,BillyGoatBuff,Game runs like♥♥♥♥♥
,Not Recommended,208650,16646490,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,CrySunsetX,"If you can't beat em'Join em'It really breaks my heart to see the PC port is badly optimized and i'm running on a GTX 970 card and really didn't expect this to happened. I wouldn't recommend this game ""NOW"" and i hope they are working on an update patch. I mean come on we are the PC MASTER RACE how could have this happen ROCKSTEADY. :( Looking at your faces at E3, the smiles, the confidence, then day one. it all goes to hell, new records of negative reviews in one day. I hope there is a patch and i hope it is sooner.Peace.UPDATE: Somehow its playable already right now 96% into the game....loving the story so far.(dont buy this game now, until everything is optimized properly)"
,Not Recommended,208650,16638693,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,A F R O M A N,"I've played the other batman games on their release dates and it was no where near as horrifying as this. Thank God for Steam refunds. I will be asking for my money back. Now before you rip into me yes I played a little bit and only a little bit and no I do not think this is... this is not Rocksteady. Seriously wtf happened? So before you rip on me let me tell you why I will be doing this and why you should not buy this game! I apologize ahead of time for my language and a lot of it being beeped by Steam filter but I am extremely ♥♥♥♥♥♥ here.Anyways I booted up the game got really excited! Then I went to the graphics options and... what? This is the most bare bones options I have ever seen. I mean sure you got the special effects for Nvidia but... no changes in AA? No motion blur off? No Triple Vertical Sync?! Yikes... I had a little expectations but this was way way below them. I mean really low.Moving on to the game. Ok so I start it up voice acting sounds odd... on Jim Gordan. Is that just effects? Whatever. Music and rest of the voices are awesome. Visuals HOLY ♥♥♥♥! THIS IS AMAZING Oh whats this? Locked at 30 FPS??? Ah it's just a cut scene it'll fix itself after. Get to the cop scene ""Uhhh.... it's still 30 FPS...."" that right there made my heart sink. Jesus I was disappointed. Holy crap 60 dollars down the drain I was thinking at this point. I kept hoping for better. I said ""No this is Rocksteady... they have never disappointed.""♥♥♥♥ was I wrong. Holy ♥♥♥♥ was I ever ♥♥♥♥ing wrong. What the ♥♥♥♥ did I purchase here? This is not ♥♥♥♥ing Rocksteady quality. I glided over to Jim Gordon in what seemed to be... erratic FPS from 30 to 10 to 30 again to 35 (??? how? it's capped at 30.) then it goes to 30 again. I'm over here gritting my teeth saying what the ♥♥♥♥... over and over. This makes me start to think WB Games Montreal had their hands in this! Ok I land and start talking to Gordon. This is the point where I threw my headphones down. My 250 dollar audio techa headphones to the ground... and said ""NO ♥♥♥♥ THIS ♥♥♥♥! NO! ♥♥♥♥ NO!"" Gordon's voice sounds like it was recorded in a ♥♥♥♥ing shoe box or by some amateur! WHAT?! NO WAY! NO WAY IN HELL! I am an audiophile and I noticed this ♥♥♥♥ quick comparing Batman's voice and Gordon's voice! LORD! THIS GAME IS NOT WORTH 20 DOLLARS! ♥♥♥♥! THE STEAM SUMMER SALE IS OVER AND NOW I HAVE THIS 60 DOLLAR CREDIT FOR NOTHING?! ARGH!Take this from a huge PC Gamer / Audiophile. I am not that picky. I played games like Hyperdimension Neptunia. That game is not exactly what you call PC optimized but they tried and it's a pretty good job. The visuals are not fantastic either. I expect that though from a small publisher trying to do a big game like that with a lot of Japanese voice acting and a low fan base in America. My point is I wouldn't have these expectations if it was coming from a company with little money. A company like WB who publishes a game like Shadow of Mordor then publishes this? HAH! NO! THIS IS NOT WORTH ANYMORE THAN 20 DOLLARS OR LESS! THIS IS CRAP!"
,Recommended,208650,21027508,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,ƬΉΣMӨЦƧΣ ....,Next time give an option so i can go to the hotel with catwoman .... (PLEASE)
76561198023864535,Not Recommended,208650,16718420,"Posted: 26 June, 2015",all,TheGame346,"I can not begin to describe what an abysmal port this game was to PC. In its current state I simply can not recommend it to anyone and here is why:My system specsAMD-FX 9590 4.70 GHz 8 core processor16 GB Ram2 Nvidia 760 GTX video cardsMy computer should be eating the current Arkham Night recommended system requirements for breakfast yet I get CTD, hitching, LOWER FPS in SLI than I do in single card....this game is just a mess. In 2015 a game running on the 2004 Unreal Engine with these kinds of faults is absolutely unacceptable. DO NOT buy this game until Rocksteady Studios pushes a ptach to fix it and notable reviewers give it a once over.UPDATE: 02 September 2015 - Game still has not had a major patch pushed to fix all the launch issues. 2 months and change after launch they have had to oush a patch and we got a very minor updated to stability.Do yourself and everyone a favor. DO NOT purchase this game, and kick Rocksteady right in the balls aka wallet. They are not deserving of the profit they would make. Tons of DLC being developed and distributed on consoles instead of focusing on fixing the PC issues.UPDATE: 05 October 2015 - Upgraded video card to a 980Ti (not just for AK). A major patch was pushed last month which addressed some more commonly complained about issues like higher graphics settings, Antisotropic filtering levels, uncapping the FPS etc. The game runs better but still nowhere near where it should. SLI is still unsupported, and I even with my beast of a setup still get CTD every now and again.Hopefully by the end of the month Rocksteady will have all the major bugs ironed out. Once the game is finally patched to completion pick it up on a Game Key site. Don't buy it for $59.99"
76561198137095492,Not Recommended,208650,18053797,"Posted: 15 September, 2015",all,TheOneWhoWons,"---------------------------------------------SPOİLERS----------------------------------------------This game has very bad sides.1.BATMOBILE: Way too much Batmobile  especially ACE Chemicals mission. You have to use your friendly Batmobile to do EVERYTHING.2.DRONE TANKS: I wish we could destroy those drones without using the Batmobile.(I know we can do it with upgraded Disruptor but thats not what I meant, I mean with a EMP bomb or something)3.AK IDENTITY: Everyone knew that the Arkham Knight IS Jason Todd from the day that Arkham Knight  character announced.He should be Eli Strange, Prometheus or Anarky. Especially Eli Strange(come to finish his father job and get revenge from Batman), that would be AMAZING. And they could make an ""Under The Red Hood"" kinda DLC now that the Jason is not AK(as in my wish).4.AK HQ: Based on AK name, I was expecting an secret base on Arkham Island or Arkham City but Arkham Knight HQ is an abandoned shopping mall. seriously what the hell?!5.PLAYABLE CHARACTER LAZINESS: They gave Azrael the same moves as Batman and they got a reason because ""Azrael has watched and learned Batman's technique to become his succesor"" no because they are lazy as hell.They removed moves and gadgets from every character . Especially gadgets, Catwoman has no Thief Vision.6.AR CHALLANGES: Those stupid AR Challanges are NOT challange maps.7.COMBAT EXPERTS: I was expecting more from Combat Experts. They have only one unique attack where they jump onto a wall or nearby ally and then leap to strike batman. expect from that they are Ninjalike enemies. I couldn't see and Hand-to-Hand attack like we see in the ACE Chemicals Infiltration Trailer.8. MILITIA EQUIPMENT: Guys with Jammer Pack was really making game harder but we get to see them one or two times maybe., and the guys with Thermal Imaging Headsets is no longer here. Seriously, two of Batman's strongest tactics is hiding at the vantage points and escape using smoke, how AK never tought that?9.LEVEL DESINGS: I want to have two ways of getting into certain places. One way is batmobile way, the  Second one is traditional. Not only it gives me a choice but also makes me wanna replay the game.10.SIDE MISSIONS:  Hush side mission was very dissapointing. Back at AC Hush side mission was  A-M-A-Z-I-N-G. Firefly side mission was bad too, just 3 batmobile chases. Back at AO Firefly boss was unique and very brilliant.11.CHARACTER DESINGS:Some character desings were same as Origins (black mask, deathstroke, firefly(nearly)).12. CHALLANGE MAPS: .They are releasing challange maps as DLC's that's annoying.13.DLC: DLC's (expect Batgirl) like 10 minute challange map campaings and they didn't  take care of their stories.14.RIDDLER : They were ""succint"" back at AC there was 440 piece and most of them was very easy.I think they sould made race tracks like conundrum in AC. I mean like when you solve 40 of them you unlock first race track, when you solve 80 of them you unlock second race track, that would be harder. After doing race tracks you just don't want  to collect all of riddler throphies for a stupid robot battle.15.COMBAT: Combat has no such big changes. I like ""pick up enemy, critical beatdown, batclaw super stun, charged super stun, aerial jugle"" moves but like I said there was no such big changes.16.TAKEDOWNS: Fear takedown was good but made game easier. Environmental takedowns was pretty good.17.EVIDENCE SCANNER:  Evidence scanner that when we were using to save Barbara Gordon was same as the AO's evidence scanner. (I am NOT talking about the one we  used at ""perfect crime"" that is deep tissue scanner) And we get to use it only once.18.GADGETS: I think the REC Gun and Freeza Grenades lost their usage. explosive gel's Quick-Fire usage is the as Origin's detanator. A predator gadget known as Sonic Batarang is not here anymore! We only use Line Launcher for 2 or 3 times. Remoto Hacking Device and Disruptor was pretty good.19.BOSS FIGHTS: There was no Boss Fights just Batmobile tank battles. I waited for an legendary boss fight that we will do with Deathstroke and AK. They were just tank battles.20.DIALOGUES AND ENDİNG: Back at AC we were hearing pretty good and funny dialogues. Game has lost this feature. Yes we are hearing dialogues in AK but they are NOT good.atmosphere is not a AC or AA. I love the parts that Joker talking with Batman(in Bat's brain). This really is the only pretty good thing that shows us the game's psycholocigal side. I finished all of the Arkham Games and I was  a fan of Batman comics before all 4 games release I can certainly say this game is the  worst portrait of Batman in last 40 years. I mean look at the ending. The man who knows 127 martial arts, crime fighter for 10 years, capable of take out 5 gunned man less than 5 seconds, worlds greatest detective, has genius level intelligence go surrender without a plan. Gordon is capable police officer. come on! He is only one gunned. No bombs, no guards, no tanks. He isn't even holds that gun at hand or point that gun to no-one's head. just get behind him Gordon and strike. They all act like (even Batman himself) they want Batman  unmasked and gassed.21. STORY HOLES:  From the very first trailer of Arkham Knight thought was all of Batman's villians  get together  to destroy Batman once and for all. But they all do different things. Two-Face has attacked the banks . Harley tried to save her ''Joker''s. We only saw Penguin suplying guns to The Arkham Knight. Others didn't helped Scarecrow or each other. Another thought is Scarecow don't want to kill Batman, he wants to destroy his soul. Then why did he send 45-60 tanks to Batman at some points of the Game  . At the GCPD assault 62 tanks came to destroy us(they were really wanted to kill Batman. If Scarecrow  don't want to kill then shouldn't be Scarecrow Game Over Scenes. They are like ''I didn't want to dead but oh well, I think I will say something). If that tanks weren't just drones, If they were manned tanks, As everyone knew, Batman couldn't do anything. And there is time problems.  Scarecrow could attack GCPD when Batman at ACE Chemicals or at the Panessa Studios taking on Harley. When Batman busy I mean.  But no he waited Batman to come GCPD.  And we come the biggest hole. Scarecrow has captured Batman with using Robin and Gordon but why didn't he used Barbara to capture Batman I mean the same way he did to Robin and Jim. You know before Cloudburst exploded. He can just capture Batman and reveal his name then exlode cloudburst. this would happen before jason's arrival so Jason could kill Batman(instead of saving him) I know that Scarecrow wants to destroy Batman's soul. He can do it by killing Barbara in front of Batman's eyes  and trapping Gotham under  fear .Batman couldn't do anything, but watching his friends and Gotham die. This would destroy Batman. And no one could save Batman because his friends can't even save themselves  Nightwing kidnapped by Penguin, Barbara Robin and Gordon kidnapped by Scarecrow, Jason kidnapped and Tortured by Joker, Catwoman captured by Two-Face and Riddler, even Batman himself got kidnapped by Harley. in Arkham Series they made Bat-Family (expect Batman) weak especially Nightwing.Even Harley was able to defeat Nightwing. This is very annoying.  Another thing is why didn't AK place cobra tanks at main gates of ACE Chemicals. Batman couldn't even enter the facility( Oh well, maybe Batman could enter the facility but without his Batmobile he couldn't do anything. With all this things, I can say story is NOT well-considered."
,Recommended,208650,21094577,"Posted: 9 February, 2016",all,Lazza17,Since the re-release this game has been fixed. People should know that the game runs fine and i have not experienced any problems.
,Not Recommended,208650,31375787,Posted: 26 April,all,Merlotmanick,"P.C version is still not optimized, crashed on me multiple times and cannot pass the first level without being booted out of the game. I wouldn't bother.Edit: May be a RAM issue, doubtful but possible if you're working with 8GB of RAM or less you may experience what I have here,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RDtzB7eCG7c"
76561198075320039,Not Recommended,208650,18873750,"Posted: 4 November, 2015",all,drizzthu,"Ill start off by saying that this game could have been a masterpiece. Actually it probably is if your playing it on xbox or ps4. The main problem here is that the game runs like complete garbage. I waited to buy it until after the rerelease and as far as i can tell it hasn't gotten much better in comparison to previous reviews.FPS during cut scenes crash below 10 every time. During actual gameplay im lucky if i can get above 20. I am running a GTX 780 and I can barely play on low. I tried multiple fixes but none work, then i came accross an article online saying the devs recommend anyone running windows 10 (which in my case I am) have at least 12 gb of ram, I only have 8.This right here is the dumbest thing I have ever heard. I am able to run any other game on at least high with no problems what so ever. Even the Witcher 3. I have never heard of any game with that requirement.In conclusion the gameplay itself is great but due to the framerate problems I am having I wouldnt recommend this game at all. Im going to say either wait until things are fixed or just dont buy it at all."
,Recommended,208650,32869457,Posted: 27 June,all,BMO,Great
76561198067486109,Not Recommended,208650,18731049,"Posted: 28 October, 2015",all,eliasaur,HULK SMASH BATS BACK!!!!! AGAIN!!!!!!!
,Not Recommended,208650,16661949,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,Toofy!,"It appears that the studio didn't actually port the game to PC, the PC version just runs on a very early beta of their newest PS4 emulator."
76561198172592777,Not Recommended,208650,16694042,"Posted: 25 June, 2015",all,aigaming,"I Can't Arkham White Knight This One.I have benchmarked this game on three different graphics cards and both consoles for more than 30 hours.  I've recorded and published at least 5-6 hours of video.  This game does not run well, period.A lot of people will say that it ""plays fine for them"", but then a lot of people are happy with 30fps.  Heck, a lot of people are happy with 30fps and Vsync off, meaning they are happy to play with screen tearing and a low, unstable frame rate.  I am not one of those people.  I didn't stray from console gaming to play games that perform poorly.  And this game performs poorly.Fact:  The PC port lacks graphical features the PS4 has.Fact:  The game shipped with a 30fps cap.People are claiming they can get the game to run at ""medium"" settings.  Folks, the game doesn't have ""medium"" settings.  It has ""low"" and ""normal"" for textures.  No ""high"".  No ""ultra"".  No ""very high"".  There is no ""medium settings"" preset for them to choose, and only three of the options settings even offers a ""medium"".  The others only have TWO choices, each.Missing settings:Ambient OcclusionChoise of AntiAliasingAnisotropic FilteringDepth of FieldMotion BlurFrame Rate selectionThose are things that are completely missing.  What's left is a couple of ""on/off"" toggles and two or three choices that feature a ""high, medium, and low"".People who claim to play the game on ""medium"" are just making up the definition of what ""medium"" means.I tell you this to save you the frustration of learning the hard way.The game has more features, and in SOME ways, looks better on PS4, but the PS4 version isn't that great, either.  Overall, it feels a little muddy, the motion blur on PS4 is worse, and the frame rate seems even lower over there.  So don't believe the whole ""the PS4 version is so great"" spiel.  The people who are saying that are basing it on the fact that the PS4 version does have some better looking textures and more of the promised Nvidia GameWorks effects.  (which sounds weird, I know)The performance of this game is distractingly bad, but it is not unplayable.  Heck, there were a couple moments where I treated it like a console game and almost had fun, despite its broken feeling.This game is not terribly brilliant, right now, on any platform; and I say that as someone who has spent a good deal of time testing it on all three."
76561198123388598,Not Recommended,208650,18786805,"Posted: 31 October, 2015",all,Viper_787,"Horrible FPS, It's almost torture. Thumbs down until they really get this game going again."
76561198064402196,Not Recommended,208650,18752392,"Posted: 29 October, 2015",all,vulkadlok,"great game but the worst port ever, not to mention they havnt fixed anythign and are just a bunch of liars."
76561198044775791,Not Recommended,208650,16837118,"Posted: 1 July, 2015",all,Sephiroth30001,"Cannot play this game at all even at low settings, unless you have a godlike PC, you cannot play it, it hard crashes allot, it runs at 30 frames a sec. and Thankfully I was able to get this game refunded THANK YOU STEAM."
,Not Recommended,208650,16648565,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,ϩcorchedEΨsØn#SneakyBeakyLike,"What hurts me is that this game is part of a franchise that I loved so much,what hurts me even more is that this launch day is very reminicent to Assassin's Creed Unity's launch day.Does every game have to be released in a broken state nowadays?I mean, it's expected to have few bugs, but this? Come on."
,Not Recommended,208650,18768674,"Posted: 30 October, 2015",all,Veva,"Made no difference after reforged,disappointing-------------------------------------------------------------------------This game is ""great"" for a game,and ""okay"" for being a game."
,Recommended,208650,28937589,Posted: 2 January,all,Genji,"best of the other arkham series! the graphics are awesome! gameplay is improved! need a good machine to run this game smoothly! Arkham City GOTY is also the best! but I recommend this too! it got lots of costumes and packs and much more! the DLC content is amazing, you'll get to play as other characters in their story mode set before and after the other arkham series!"
,Not Recommended,208650,16676024,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,Tenes,"They should pay more attention on pc portmemory leaks,full screen make game lag horiblely, I Can't even get past title screenThis disappointed meDon't buy it until they fix it and compensate something for this mistake"
,Recommended,208650,24574551,"Posted: 28 July, 2016",all,Hutch,"TL:DR I have to hand it to them, even with all the♥♥♥♥♥♥they got, they put in the work to fix it as much as possible. It actually runs now and while it is not perfect in terms of optimisation it has improved greatly.Pros:+PHOTO MODE: I love screenshots and Warner Bros games like to use this awesome mechanic now and its great. Every game should include a mode like this. Shooting incredible screenshots, showing off the details in the game is a great way to self promote your game now brb as i have hundreds to upload onto my steam account.+Fantastic Story: A great end to the Rocksteady trilogy with great characters and plot points. Batman has amazing development as the story progresses+Detailed and dense city: Arkham city was fantastic in recrating a criminal filled gotham but this game does it even better adding so much more detail+Combat: Freeflow combat is always fantastic and they improved on it even more, adding new ways to brutally break every bone in someones body but still be Batman+Stealth: Greater difficulty is added to the stealth with new enemy variants like someone who can detect and find out your position if you use Detective mode for too long, People with reflective camo who hide from detective mode. Enemies start to Batman proof the area if they suspect youre doing something, setting a thermal charge to set the whole grate system on fire if they catch you down there is very tense when you have to grappel up and out of the grate before the fire gets to youCons:-Arkham Knight wasnt really a big surprise: The writing done to reveal who the arkham knight was felt a bit lazy to me and shovelled in. *Spoilers ahead*even if you werent clued in on who all the Robins were, Jason Todd is never really mentioned too much in any of the other games but gets a huge exposition slot about how he ""died"" in this game. Anybody who has seen a film or played a game with a twist before could have guessed it and i would have much preferred if the enemy was just Red Hood and not Red Hood with a bat mask on.-Batmobile Segments: the batmobile is ♥♥♥♥ing awesome, it handles well and makes you feel like the batman... but the overdone, repetitive drone segments where all you do is click MMB to explode unmanned drones every 30 minutes in the story gets very old very fast-Optimisation is not perfect: My specs are fairly high (980 4GB, 16GB RAM, i7 4790k) and i still get some frame drops in the batmobile, i am on all high setting besides Gameworks Fog and Paper Debris. from what i have heard, frame issues are due to these gameworks settings but also 16GB ram or a SSD is reccomended for this game because it still has streaming issues so beware of that before you purchase however steam refunds are always there if performance is not satisfactory for you-DLC: i loved the extra chapters where you play as other characters because they included very neat dialogue or story progression and or minute details that i enjoyed (Harley Quinn's version of detective mode with all the crazy writing on the wall including things about MR J and such) but they were very short. i have yet to play A matter of family yet though and hear that has more content than those chapters. Suits and skins are kinda cool and you can use them without having to beat the game first, with the exception of some of the more elaborate batmobile skins because they are not fit to use the battlemode like the base batmobile.Overall on sale, this game is fantastic and a great end to the trilogy if you have a mid to high system to run it. Even without a sale it is at a reduced price due to the horrible launch and the wait that we have had to endure. Thank you steam for including a recent review section so people can also see that this game has improved greatly over time and is now worth the time that people who really wanted to put into this game but were turned off due to bad performance."
76561198024745772,Not Recommended,208650,17576169,"Posted: 16 August, 2015",all,greedyreaper,dont waste your money. this game is broken
76561197969473419,Recommended,208650,25893826,"Posted: 6 October, 2016",all,Oceansize,"I have been playing computer games since 197X.  It's safe to say, I am not easily impressed anymore. It takes a lot to get me excited about, well, anything really.Furthermore, what I learned well over a decade ago is NEVER. BUY. PRESALE. EVER.And as most of you are probably aware by now, the PC port of Batman: Arkham Knight is probably the ultimate current example of why you NEVER. BUY. PRESALE.  EVER.ALWAYS wait for reviews.Fortunately if you're like me, kept it on your Wishlist, checked back on the reviews from time to time, and you waited until all the bugs had been worked out before purchasing this game, then you know that Batman: Arkham Knight is also the ultimate current example of the Best Action Game Ever Made and also Why The PC Remains The Ultimate Gaming Platform. Remember, I'm OOFG (Original Old Fart Gamer) so I don't throw out words like 'Best' and 'Ultimate' easily.  But if you loved Arkham Asylum and Arkham City, then I can't see why you wouldn't pee your pants over this one.  It's amazing.There aren't enough glowing superlatives to describe my joy playing this game on the PC.  I didn't purchase this game until September 2016, which means I waited a LONG time after the release date to give this game a chance.  Based on others' horrible early experiences, I am very glad I waited, but based on the sheer joy of playing this game the past several days, I am very glad I didn't wait forever.Have no fear, this game truly is the great extension to the Arkham City story, characters, world, and gameplay that you hoped it would be.  Just like Arkham City was a brilliant follow-up and expansion of the Arkham Asylum universe, Arkham Knight really does do the justice to Arkham City that we all waited so long for, and had our doubts about after the godawful Arkham Origins.And also have no fear about the PC port.  I just got a new Maingear rig with the Dell Curved 34"" monitor and am running a GTX 1070 at 3440x1440.  Max settings.  Smooth as butter (58 fps avg, no hitching, although I always turn v-sync OFF).  While a system with lower specs may not be able to run this smoothly, it does indicate that Rocksteady has the port running the way they originally intended.  There are some games throughout history that represent a major leap forward and slightly older machines just can't do it justice, forcing PC gamers to begrudgingly upgrade just so they can truly enjoy that historic game.  Wing Commander was one of those games (gotta get VGA gfx now).  As was Wing Commander 2 (gotta get a CD-ROM now).  The original Tomb Raider (gotta get a 3D adapter now).  Half-Life 2, etc etc etc.  And yes, dare I say, Arkham Knight might just be worth dropping some coin on upgrades.  It does really depend on how much you enjoyed Asylum and City and how much you want another game like that but bigger & better.  Origins almost turned me off forever, but man I am glad I didn't give up on the series.I would recommend buying the Premium version.  At $49.99 it is still $10 less than most A-list titles, but you get all of the DLC side missions and they really are the best of all the side missions so you'll be glad you have them.  They also tie up some loose ends from Arkham City, such as what happened to Hush.Some people don't like the Batmobile.  I don't know what's wrong with them.  They must really be looking for something to not like.TL:DR:  F.U.  BUY THE GAME (IF YOU'VE GOT THE REC SPECS)"
,Not Recommended,208650,20942289,"Posted: 3 February, 2016",all,Silent Botanist,"Tried it with a GTX 770 and 16GB of RAM in January. All NVidia Fun Stuff turned off, settings at absolute lowest to start with. Stuttered on the opening cutscene and stuttered whenever I glided as Batman with zero enemies on the screen. Refunded. This is either the most demanding game in my Steam library by two or three times over or something is wrong."
76561198185035385,Not Recommended,208650,18753283,"Posted: 29 October, 2015",all,Killicious,"Not the best game I've ever played.  A beautiful picture of Batman leaping from the Batmobile.  And then a window saying ""can't load"" followed by a window that says ""windows can't find a solution to why it can't load"" and a click okay.  $90 for picture, a single click, and a list of download content that doesn't exist seems a bit excessive."
,Not Recommended,208650,16843671,"Posted: 2 July, 2015",all,cas1701,Well that was £30+ down the bloody drain!! Nice one WB.
,Not Recommended,208650,16638644,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,Batman,I can't even start it up.
,Not Recommended,208650,16647008,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,ramzal,This is a travesty to PC gaming
76561198032451982,Not Recommended,208650,19137430,"Posted: 17 November, 2015",all,carnivorousbunny,"If you liked the other Arkham games. Avoid this one like the plague.It's certainly prettier, more cinematic and combat is smoother. But everything else is just...Seriously, the plague."
76561198109178827,Not Recommended,208650,16905607,"Posted: 5 July, 2015",all,Pucciarati,"Although they made an announcement regarding resolving some of the problems,i was curious to try it out. I'm running a single GTX 970 Strix,and the fps was constantly dropping to 5 or less,it is still in a miserable state for AAA title,hope they fix it soon.P.S.   Arkham Knight is Mr. Freeze (pun intended)."
,Recommended,208650,25217861,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,Colonel_47,"Arkham knight is my second favorite entry in the arkham series, just behind city, it features the epic conclusion to rocksteady's trilogy and some truly incredible story moments. The batmobile is an awesome vehicle, but it is overused like any great mechanic, the stealth for the batmobile in particular is what stands out as frustrating, but every other mechanic is perfected in this final installment. The fluidity of the combat, and the swiftness of the stealth. Batman has also never looked better, at launch the port was very incomplete, but now it runs quite well. Hopefully companies learn to put more effort in their pc ports, but only time will tell. At 30$ this game is a steal and I highly recommend it.TL; DRPros:+all of the gameplay+stellar voice acting+plethora of easter eggs for diehard fans+really detailed and beautiful world+updated graphics engine+improved port greatly since launch+replay value w/ side missions, riddler trophies, more challenges etc.Cons:-Overused batmobile at end of the story-batmobile stealth-lack of boss fights-occasional glitchesOverall this is probably my favorite game of last year and I would highly recommend it to anyone who enjoyed the previous entries in the arkham franchise especially if you want to see the conclusion of what happens after arkham city. Highly Recommended.9/10"
76561197962133942,Not Recommended,208650,18257699,"Posted: 29 September, 2015",all,PlayTheBanjo,"(Review written 9/29/2015)It's been over 3 months since launch, I have the season pass and all I have to show for it is a skin, and we have no estimated release date on a fixed version.  To top it all off, I'm stuck on a roof in new game plus due to a logic error in the design and no one seems to be addressing that issue (Google ""Arkham Knight stuck on roof Founder's Island""; I'm not alone).The good: I beat the game and 100%'ed it, then started NG+ and would have beaten that were it not for the game-ending bug.  The story was good and they added new gameplay mechanics to stop us from falling into auto-pilot from previous installments.  For as much hate as they got, I really liked the ""tank"" sequences (except for one... ""boss fight"" that was ruined by the tank experience).  The team-ups with various Bat-family allies was pretty cool and there were a lot of really neat moments alluding to (or recreating) classic moments in Batman lore.  I genuinely enjoyed it.The bad: The game's broken.  I have a GTX980 and 24GB ram and blah blah blah who cares.  It's a bumpin' system over here, you get the picture.  The framerate was wanting even considering these factors, and it plummetted during somewhat common occurrences such as powersliding the Batmobile.  When I was playing it, there was a weird bug where the lowest resolution textures would load.  They tried to fix this in late August--you know, two months after launch--but this patch, while a good first step, introduced some other issues.  I have this weird one where some building textures fail to render at all and appear as this weird, out-of-place, bright, confetti pattern.  I joked to my girlfriend that maybe this was some kind of surprise Crazy Quilt DLC, but I was stuck on a roof, so I couldn't investigate.There are no challenge maps.  Sure, there  are AR challenges, but you don't have the choice of characters you did in Arkham City (or even Arkham Origins) and there aren't nearly enough.  This severely limits the game's value.  There is no DLC for the PC version currently, meaning if you paid for the season pass (like I did), you paid $40 (or in my case, $30 -- thanks, Steam sales!) for a Batman Beyond skin or something.They said that they'd fix the game in the coming weeks.  Well, it's 3 months later and we have nothing.  The last status update was 26 days ago.  Even if they release a miracle patch that fixes everything, is this the kind of developer/publisher you want to support?Avoid."
,Not Recommended,208650,16643320,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,KyrenCross,"You must have the Best CPU in the market and SLI TitanX's to run this game smoothly I guess. I was very optimistic that Rocksteady can deliver a great PC game with their last Batman Game, but unfortunately they truly don't care about the PC platform.Gameplay is pretty much the same as Origins, just the added batmobile that drops a lot of frames when driving.I'll probably wait a week for a performance patch, if they can't deliver then a refund is justified. They should have optimized the game before release, not after.If you are on the fence about this game, DO NOT BUY this if you have less than i7 4790k and GTX 980 and want a 60FPS experience. If you are contented with a stuttery 23-30FPS on their recommended system specification with FPS unlocked to 60, then I guess you will enjoy the game. (FPS is locked @ 30FPS by default)My Rig:FX 8350 4GhzGTX TitanXSamsung SSD 256 840 Pro12GB Ram-I can run most optimized games like Witcher 3, Dying Light, GTAV, etc. at 1440p at a constant 60 FPS with ultra settings (hairworks off).Batman Arkham Knight however gives me a stuttery 23-30 FPS at the lowset setting @ 1080p, with FPS unlocked to 60 in the BmSystemSettings.ini file.I think they are a contender for the worst PC release this year.And yes, PC games minimum FPS should be 60FPS at the lowest setting with a decent rig."
,Not Recommended,208650,18777486,"Posted: 30 October, 2015",all,Luigi,"Game still runs poorly to a point where most rigs can't handle it and even if you do it's almost intorlerable fps dips at times. Clearly WB knew this wasnt' completed and pumped it out before halloween in hopes to get some big sales off of it.All i can say is seeing how WB track record is with ports don't support any of their products on the PC platform until they get their act together. For a AAA Game and a highly respected franchise this is simply unacceptable for any amount of money let alone 50 dollars!If you're really interested in this game get it on the consoles although who knows maybe that was their intention all along, to get you to buy a console?"
76561197994948279,Not Recommended,208650,18777363,"Posted: 30 October, 2015",all,B0Kk3L Stef @ ik wordt vader,Geez... Framedrops all over... This isn't playable. How do I get a refund?
,Not Recommended,208650,16645937,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,zOmgPanic,"Arkham Knight is forcing 16:9 during cutscenes. Causing them to stretch when running at 21:9.http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=467384109I want to play Batman, not Fatman!"
,Not Recommended,208650,16649539,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,RwYeAsNt,"Horrible horrible horribe. PC games in 2015 should not have 30fps caps on them, and that's not even a big issue with the game. Where to begin. So far my experience with the game has been fighting with it to start, when it finally does, it plays pretty good for a few minutes. Then the stutters come in and the fps drops are insane, the audio glitches and eventually the screen just goes black and my entire PC freezes.The game is literally unplayable in it's current state. After reading all the negative reviews, I thought I would be okay because I'm all Intel and Nvidia. Boy was I wrong. Intel i7-4770k, Nvidia GTX 980, 16GB 1600Mhz RAM, and I can't manage to play for longer than 30 minutes.What a shame."
76561197960413841,Not Recommended,208650,16647971,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,chopsticks,Valve! PLEASE be our voice. You have the weight to fight these publishers much more so than our forum posts and reddit threads. GABE NEWELL you are the BATMAN WE NEED.
76561198095114842,Recommended,208650,31866878,Posted: 20 May,all,Captain FlubberGasket,Loved this game but those cobra drones are a ♥♥♥♥♥.
,Not Recommended,208650,18779566,"Posted: 30 October, 2015",all,Erukani,"I've withheld my review on Arkham Knight til it came back up on the store so it will not be considered a pre-release review. First, let me say that I pre-purchased the Arkham Knight Premium Edition back at the start of June due to the being a longtime Arkham-series fan, and had actually had my hopes up that this would be as phenominal a game as it had been advertised in previews/trailers.When the game originally launched, I could barely play it, as it was so horribly unoptimized that I was one of the 90+% of people that had to use a community-discussion workaround to make it playable. After I did get it up and running, the framerates I got weren't the best, but the game was quite playable with some moderate frame drops in overly busy areas. I completed the main storyline and a good amount (but not all) of the side content, and was satisfied with the story. However, I knew this was not the game I paid for, and sat down to wait for Rocksteady and Warner Brothers to clean up the mess they let Iron Galaxy Games make of the pc version.Over 3 months later, the September patch came out, and at that point I couldn't even launch the game due to changes they'd made in the patch. This infuriated me, even moreso due to the fact that the pc DLCs had still been held back and the console players were still enjoying their games while the pc community was still in patch limbo.Another month later, just a few days ago, another patch is promised to be released... and what did we get? No major changes except that they allowed the cumulative DLC-backlog that the original game-owners were due to finally be recieved and played. All the bugs/glitches from September were still there, and I still couldn't even start the game. I was able to figure out my particular issue and get into the game again, but the damage was done. I'll play the DLC from what I'm still owed in the season pass, but I frankly don't have the heart to even bother replaying the game again.This whole 4-month (and soon to be half a year at this rate) fiasco just reeks of incompitence and flat out apathy on the part of the developers. The pc version of the game should NEVER have been outsourced to a 3rd party to complete. The fact that Warner Brothers re-released the game in this state and offered people who purchase it all the prior Arkham games is just a flat-out slap to the face, as it literally amounts to nothing, since people will have probably already had purchased most if not all of those games.In conclusion, I cannont recommend this game as it is at this current time. It's a shame that the conclusion to the Arkham series had to turn out like this; I enjoyed many of Rocksteady's games in the past, but now I'm leery of anything they produce in the furture for pc, as I don't know if it'll get outsourced again."
,Not Recommended,208650,16659655,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,zuppaclub,"2 wordsBADPORTI solely blame WB for this, why choose 3rd party (iron galaxy) to port this awesome batman arkham series , and it's only 12 person O_ono wonder PC port performance is like bat poop, for now , shame on you WB, I will blacklist WB from now on (will not buy games that have WB on it, bad publisher)ow, I'm using GTX970"
,Not Recommended,208650,16653521,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,SRFCgazz,This game needs a huge patch immediately to fix the frame rate issues that myself and seemingly everyone is having.I have no doubt that this will be an amazing game but until the patch is done this is a piece of crap and not worth the 50€ I paid.04/07/15 - Last patch was a week ago (didn't really make a difference) and there has been no news from the devs since.
76561197972258172,Recommended,208650,29145188,Posted: 9 January,all,[Snizza] EyesofWrath,"It is such a shame that they boned the PC release of this game so hard, because Rocksteady is a solid developer and this is a great addition to the Arkham series.  The symptoms of the terrible port still persist, although I would say that the game was about 80% okay for me. The biggest problem I had was that, in racing around Gotham in the Batmobile, the game is forced to load tonnes of textures incredibly quickly, and when it failed to do so fast enough it would freeze and think for about 10-15 seconds before resuming again. Because a lot of the driving requires very fast reflexes, this could at times cause considerable frustration, and unfortunately this happened almost entirely one the first island, which soured my initial opinion. Other than this though, there was really only the occasional noticable bug that didn't get ironed out as the QA manpower was diverted elsewhere during the release crisis. This game was rightly made an example of, as WB's despicable release deserved no forgiveness from consumers, however it's a shame that it had to screw over what is actually a really good game by a really good developer.Now, beyond all that, let me say that this is one of the best looking games ever made. I read a debate on this topic that argued between this game and Star Wars Battlefront, and while Battlefront is all style and no substance, Arkham Knight has more than enough substance to satiate those coming from Arkham City. It again ups the ante over its predecessors and delivers the entirety of Gotham for us to play around in, and while Arkham Origins ostensibly did the same, Rocksteady actually managed to fill the space with character. The sheer amount of time that must have been spent on the art of this game is absolutely mind-boggling. Almost every inch of the city feels specifically crafted rather than copy-pasted, and on top that there're dozens of unique indoor locations to boot. The NVIDIA enhancements are pretty stunning too – the way the rain plumes off of your cape as you leap into flight never gets old - although most of them will test your hardware.In regards to gameplay, it’s much the same as the previous games, with a few new gadgets here and there. I'd heard a lot of complaints about the amount of Batmobile in the game, and I personally can't really see where the negativity has come from. The Batmobile combat isn't the most elegant, but neither is the hand-to-hand combat. Although I quite enjoyed travelling around in it, it can also be abandoned for the majority of the game, and travelling on your own is a viable alternative when you level your skills up enough. In short, I didn't find it to be an unwelcome addition to the game.This is the fourth Arkham game though, and there are signs of the franchise tiring. The Riddler’s riddles felt lazier and many literally spelled out the answer in the riddle itself, many of the villains make their third or fourth appearances and really started to feel recycled, and the combat system seemed (at least at the beginning) even more self-guiding than before. Some of the tasks also seemed more like busy work than before, but that might be a related to the sheer amount of them they've used to fit the size of the city, as well as my own personal weariness of the 'open-world formula'.  In saying that, the story is genuinely intriguing and I can't seem to put the game down. I played 21 hours in the first 2 days at a time where I was getting burnt out really quickly with other games, and I’d often find myself saying ‘one more mission’ until it was 3 in the morning.TL;DR - This is a great sequel to Arkham City, and exposes the fact that, while they own the franchise, in developing Arkham Origins WB didn’t actually understand what made an Arkham game so good. AK continues to keep the core gameplay intact whilst expanding the scope of the game, however, I can't see them being able to expand any further from here on. I can’t see them creating a bigger game world, or doing much more with the established gameplay, or using the same characters again without it all seeming tired. I haven’t finished this yet, and perhaps the plot gives it away, but I hope they don’t keep bashing out endless games in this vein, because I don’t know if there’s much more of the well to draw from in this same way. If this is the swansong of the series, it’s a shame that the release was such a clusterf**k, and as a consequence has scarred the game permanently. If you can get it cheap in a good sale, like I did, I highly recommend it, but I wouldn’t pay full price, as despite the fact that it's a great game, it’s still broken in a number of ways."
,Not Recommended,208650,18789758,"Posted: 31 October, 2015",all,Fluttershy,"The opening CS made this game look promising but that delight turned to disappointment once I got into the gameplay.Anyways I'll sort this into pros and consThe Pros:1. Game seems fully playable now.2. Sound and animation is flawless during scripted cutscenes.3. No crash during my 30min+ gameplay which is a huge improvement from the constant game crashes players experinced prior.Cons:1. FPS drops occur occasionaly.2. Game is locked at 30 FPS it seems.3. Lip sync during gameplay is horribly off.My veridct:This game has a long way to go in my opinion to measure up to its previous installments and be enjoyable.I find it incredably hard to enjoy gameplay when I'm constantly able to notice the sluggish 30FPS this game is locked into.While fully playable now, the low FPS makes the overall experince second rate when compared to MGS:TPP that has flawless 60+FPS all around.Overall, if your willing to put up with 30FPS and ocassional FPS drops, go ahead and buy it. You shouldn't have to worry about it crashing anymore.If your want a high qaulity game however, I'd wait on this and buy it once everything's been patched up."
76561197984326920,Not Recommended,208650,16642189,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,shamburocketstr,"Unplayable on my high-end dual-graphics card, 8-core, 16GB RAM rig. What a disappointment! I hope I can get a refund on this P.O.S."
76561197992882220,Not Recommended,208650,18732345,"Posted: 28 October, 2015",all,Chickenbomb,"You get a reservation at a fancy resturant months ahead. When you arrive for dinner, you find out your meal is messed up and can't be eaten. The people at the other tables have no problem, only your food was messed up.4 months later, the resturant offers you the meal again, but this time with free breadsticks to make up for delaying your meal for 4 months. You still don't get any desert. That's going to be delayed some more."
,Not Recommended,208650,16648615,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,threedotonefour,Avoid until they fix the PC port
76561198174710207,Not Recommended,208650,16649803,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,Kazurr,"Couldn't even get it to start, that's one more reason to never pre order games again. It's the game that players deserve, but not the one it needs right now."
76561198001586135,Not Recommended,208650,18786126,"Posted: 31 October, 2015",all,reKiem,They can't fix the fucling problems
,Not Recommended,208650,18660230,"Posted: 24 October, 2015",all,HEYZO- Carribbean,"Im so disappointed with this game. Since the first date this game got released, I bought the season pass as well and now everything need to be repurchase? GO F*K YOURSELF ROCKSTEADY. I'M F*KIN DONE. YES THANK YOU ! A BIG THUMB DOWN FOR YOU !!!!!"
,Recommended,208650,35400024,Posted: 1 October,all,Hem,"BatmanCATEGORYRANKVIDEOgraphics, performance, port, physics, arts, visuals...9/10The game is beautiful, if you have the right system to make it run. I mean it is so photogenic and realistic, and smooth, wonderful. I never knew the launch era of it so I do not care much, but I experienced only 2 or 3 bugs during my almost 100 hours run, so for a huge AAA game like that it is really fine.AUDIOmusic, sound effects, voice-over, audio balance, subtitles...7/10Music is fine, although I almost prefered the ambient parts rather than the boring themes. Voice over is okay, yet too many repetitive NPCs, reminiscent of the Arrow in the Knee! Even Nigma was hitting on my nerves, yet mainly because of his lines... Let's be honest, the whole show is highly standing up thanks to Mark Hamil, who delivers once more a remarkable job.PLAYcontrols, difficulty, level design, luck-strategy-skill balance...7/10It is still good, although I felt more heavyness in the usually smooth combats, and not just because I finished it on Hard but I think the gameplay has become an aggregation of too many things... I mean even the Batmobile part ended up hurting my fingers!CONTENTstory, world, solo immersion, multiplayer depth, overall idea...8/10That is really good as usual, but please note we lost much lore, villains or even darkness, yet the story they tell is interesting enough and VERY psychological! If you played the first Black Ops it feels a bit like that, even better. Still, the game is huge yet lacks a bit of depth content wise, so in that idea Asylum would get a 9 and City a 10 I suppose.OTHERlength, replayability, price, community, economics, devs...6/10The game is very long and quite big, yet the car parts are much much too repetitive. Same thing goes for missions content and process, extremely copy/pasted... such a waste!TOTALAverage sum with a secret formula to adjust nuances...81% - excellent game... barely!Yes, barely reached the 80%, but that still makes it an excellent game... just barely! Now if you wonder why I would spend almost 100 hours on a 81% rated game, it is only because I'm a Bat fanboy. So beautiful graphics with a psychological plot in Gotham, even with repetitive and heavy gameplay content, I am still sold! Now that it is becoming a bit indigestible, I wish they would reboot the series...Disclaimer:Half of the plot seem taken from the Red Mask comics, so beware of spoilers!CLICKto read about my Review Rules"
76561197980379892,Not Recommended,208650,23873716,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,Kzah,"Ok, I've bought this game after a year from release on summer sale. Devs told that game is mostly fixed.So why not, it is 50% off with all dlc. I've played for an hour just fine, but soon I started to get critical errors any time I glide, or ride batmobile more than 2 minutes (oh, you have to ride it more than 2 minutes). There is no fix, no workaround, and it seems there will be no new patches from devs, I've bought a BROKEN game. It is not laggy or buggy, this things you can workaround somehow, no,  it is BROKEN.And from community i see there are a lot of guys with the same issue, and it is mostly for AMD  cards like mine (r290).So if you want to buy this game, and you have AMD card, think twice. This game can run like the wind for you, or play you like a damn fiddle! You cant predict or be sure.UPDATE_________________________________________________________________After hours of testing different community fixes, I found solution.1) Forget about crimson drivers. I do not know if the game cannot befriend with crimson drivers, or drivers with the game. Or maybe crimson drivers do not even include Batman fixes.Use latest catalyst drivers (15.11)2) Try Batman Tweak Tool (you can find it in Guides), it really helps to optimize game settings and performance.3) Use super resolution (but I do not think this step is mandatory)Now I finally can play the game without crashes, shuttering and fps drops.But my review will stay negative, because it is not my job to sit hours and try fix the game, that already should be tested.I wand to pay the money and play the game with my brain dead.."
,Not Recommended,208650,16651215,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,rajagagak,"Buy this game for now is a mistake :( a lot of glitch, always got an error when closing the game and what the hell, the stuttering make my eyes and heart broken, spent around $45 for a crap. Don't buy it until the developer fix and optimize it.Update 01:For now, there's only a little stuttering if you play it on ""Low"". But, still expecting the developer to make it better.Update 02:I can play it if everything is on ""Low"". Stuttering a little, but not really a problem."
76561198158596763,Not Recommended,208650,16640673,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,InSaNiTy,When i start my game i couldn't even enter the main menu because my game's screen keeps appearing and then disappearing and it continues all day long -.- Fix this bug please
76561198003791841,Not Recommended,208650,16639586,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,[TMFL] Younguns 375,"This game looked promising but it seems the developer does not know how to make games on pc. There are to many issues to write down. I suggest people buy the game on console, from what i read there are not to many problems there.♥♥♥♥ you rocksteady"
76561197990308914,Recommended,208650,22183203,"Posted: 1 April, 2016",all,Conner Shoe Box,"After a long wait, the game seems to be fixed. I have a smooth 60 FPS and haven't experienced any crashes of glitches. For those of you wondering, I am running the game on a gtx 970 and a 4670k processor. More optimization has been added to the game to help out people with average to below average machines. I'm running the game with everything maxed out aside for the special ""nvidia settings"". I had recently owned the game before and the frames were jumping all over the place and had some pretty rough stuttering effects going on. Back then, I actually set the game to 30 FPS (most people consider this unacceptable) but I jump around from consoles to PC and honestly running the game on 30 FPS wasn't too bad for this title. So if you have a laptop/low-end PC, 30FPS was just fine. The Game itself is what you would expect from this franchise. Batmobile is a really nice touch, and the combat is always getting polished up. The DLC is really great. Now offers new challenges, bat suits, and batmobile skins. 1989 bat suit and batmobile, just awesome. I recommend the game to any batman fans and anyone whose still afraid of this game having problems should strongly consider giving it another chance."
76561197997753516,Recommended,208650,22013990,"Posted: 23 March, 2016",all,rknight718,"I really wanted this game on release and it broke my heart to see all the troubles it had initially. Since it was on sale I picked it up, set a timer for 1 1/2 hours and played, hoping any troubles it had have now passed. As of this writing, I've played for 112 minutes and I'm not going to do a refund.My PC is not a large beast by any means but it can run things like Skyrim, Fallout 4 and the Witcher 3 with minimal issues. I can run Witcher 3 on medium better than I can AK on low. The game flat out tells me I am like 800 megs of VRAM short but the game runs. It drops frames and I hit slow downs sure, especially in the Batmobile but I havent had any game breaking crashes.The one issue I've been able to duplicate is if I stop after a session and start again later, I have to restart Steam entirely. Otherwise it just says ""running"" but nothing happens.I loved the other Batman games and I feel like I'm gonna enjoy this one too. Just make sure you have a beastly enough rig to tame it cuz this one is a monster."
76561198086758882,Recommended,208650,34199975,Posted: 12 August,all,Zappieroth132,"When 1st the game released I heard it was in a terrible state so I refrained from buying it.Sometime ago I bought the game and now I decided to play it.And man oh man do I regret not doing this earlier, This game is amazing more variety in gameplay then the previous games as you now have the Batmobile to drive around in as well as new combo's on foot to keep you busy.The story is ofcourse where the game shines best as yet again it keeps me playing for hours on end without wanting to take a break.The game still has it's problems or at least on my end it doesn't run great granted I am running on 5 year old Hardware.The game looks absolutly stunning regardless of what graphical settings you might play on, To my surprise the game looks gorgious even on the very lowest settings>>> Which might be why it doesn't run super great all the time. (I heard people with 1080's complaining about stuttering) For me it's more my RAM being a ♥♥♥♥♥ as loading textures sometimes goes a little slow, Or indeed for example the game hangs for a slight second.All and all not something that bothers me I am just glad I can play this at 45/60FPS on this old machine while I work to get a newer one.To sum it up the game is amazing in it's current state though for some the performance might be something to consider and be aware of."
76561197963125075,Not Recommended,208650,16669014,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,Shoe,"Don't waste your time, WB doesn't give a♥♥♥♥♥♥about PC games."
,Not Recommended,208650,16654751,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,RobbieNor,"""It's not who I am underneath, but w̶h̶a̶t̶ ̶I̶ ̶d̶o̶ my FPS that defines me.""Looks like an amazing game and I want to love it so badly. Hope the performance gets fixed soon so that It's playable. Can't recommend in its current state. :("
76561198144032168,Recommended,208650,31700543,Posted: 12 May,all,Kappa@Road to KMS,Great game.Couldn't enjoy it more. 10/10 from me
,Not Recommended,208650,18768398,"Posted: 30 October, 2015",all,TC rise,"Game still runs like garbage, they just want to sell DLC!"
76561198129686548,Recommended,208650,31643716,Posted: 9 May,all,Trojan2021,"I watched this game from launch. When I say launch I mena the first launch in steam. I watched every video i could find on youtube before deciding to buy. I waited a over a year to pick it up because I waited till the bugs got fixed. A lot of people still complain that the game doesnt for them or their rigs are good but still cant run this game. I have an FX-6300 and a gtx 750 ti in 2017 and i can run this game.Now to the actual review. When I started playing this game I wasnt sure how it was going to be. A lot of people talked about how they didnt like the batmoblie how it was a tank. I personally like the batmobile fighting becasue i like those kind of games but it did feel like it was out of place in a batman game.But the actual part of the story when you got to play as batman is amazing. The combat is flawless, the stealth feels legit most of the time, and the written story is amazing. All in all if anyone is thinking about buying this game you probably should. Dont be worried about performance.10/10 would have the joker scare the **** out of me again."
76561198005625441,Not Recommended,208650,18761578,"Posted: 30 October, 2015",all,Aral,"Strange, i think performace is worse with the latest patch."
76561198092576259,Recommended,208650,35028659,Posted: 17 September,all,King Geedorah,"This is a game unlike an other I've played before, a game that only make you allow the best. As you progress further and further it pushes you to the limits, there are no gimics or cheese in the game only combo based gameplay. It is and can be challenging to only allow the best however the payoff is like a surge of immense dopamine. As a player who has achieved 100% of the trophies and 240% the story it was time well spent.The game only stuters in some moments in the batmobile so after the dust has settled it is now a fully functional and succesfully ported game and this is comming from a guy plays on a laptop. I played with keyboard and mouse due to not having a controller and the controls are very comfortable on keyboard. Theres no pausing in movement to input a combo while fighting due moving your hand awkardly.The city and level design are extremely detailed and full of life and colour even though its Gotham city, a city notorious for its crimes in the DC Universe. The city is extremeling appealing to the eyes and the rain, sea, and vegitation are very detailed more so than Arkham City which felt like only 1 theme of being a depressed borough in Gotham where as Arkham Knight has mutiple themes on Miagani, Bleake and Founders island. Bleake island a borough that focuses on horizontal zonation being day to day work life and housing for the Gothamites such as China town. Miagami island a city that takes influences from many captial cities around the the world that includes a monorail station, a grand avenue like street that that is surrounded by the tall skyscrapes. Founders island; a redevelopement project that focuse on coprate skyscrapers like Wayne International, a Gotham Lexcorp building (A nod to Lex Luthor) and Gotham Cental Bank. All in all the greatest city world game to date.The combat is very similar to its predecessor Arkham Origins who focused more so on he combat than all other aspects of an Arkham Game. However Arkham Origins and City had beter boss fights than Arkham Knight, something Arkham Knight lacked in. The game takes more focus on the people of Gotham and the Arkham Knight's army rather than the villans of Batman. Expect complex levels with varing classses of mobs to enter combat with. The ""Predator"" amd Stealth of the game is extremeling satisfuying in which it makes the enemies adapt to counter the Batman, you can't do the same stealth takedown more than twice. If you are looking for more of a challenge; play the AR challenges they are unique and challenge you to peform the best and only accept the best.The Batmobile combat gameplay is very straight foward and easy to play, not much of a challenge. It most feels clunky if you are dong the racing AR challenges and can be frustrating at times. The times where the Batmobile shined was the Riddler challenges and the Campaign for Disarment those were extremely enjoyable and complex. I highly recommend buying the 60's Batmobile racing challenges the racing courses are extremely detailed and full of refrences to the TV show. The game really forces you to use the Batmobile to get to A to B in story missions which it could of toned down a higlight being the Deathstroke/Slade Boss Fight which was a rehashed version of a story mission batmobile boss fight. I wanted to face Slade in hand to hand combat like in Arkham Origins.The DLC of the game I would recommend being the Seasons of Infamy. The Mr Freeze and Ra's Al Ghul side story lines were extremly fleshed out and provided a variety of gameplay and re shaped Gotham such as making Gotham encased in snow. The Matter of Family of DLC would only be recommended for fans of Batman Universe and want more of Mark Hamil Joker. The DLC gives more characterisation on Joker's stance on the Bat-Family and Tim and Barbras compatibility with each other. Overall the DLC is slightly above average compared to most City.Like all Stories a conclusion has to made and Arkham Knight accomplshes that surpurbly. The ending is extremely satisfying for a game trilogy and that for Batman's career. The story is extremly engaging and brings much shock value espically for those who are new to the Batman Universe, however if you have read stories such as Knightfall, The Killing Joke, Under the Redhood and even Batman the Animated series you can see plot points and conflcts from a mile away. The story respects source material extremely well but that is to be expected of an Arkham game. However what really engaged me was the characterisation of Bruce and Batman persona. It really brings forth ideas and reflections of what would happen if Batman was to put away the cowl and why he shoulders Gothams safety on his shoulders. The Voice acting by Kevin Conroy and Mark Hamil is amazing they always have to work together if they want to make Batman on media an amazing, marvelous and memorabile story.So should you buy Arkham Knight? Yes you are definetly getting your moneys worth for only $20. Rocksteady made a ground breaking conclusion to a game series that outshines others like Final Fantasy: Lightning returns, Mass Effect 3, Call of Duty Modern Warfare, Metal Gear Solid 5 (Story Wise and though its a presequel). If this game was released like it was after the PC Port was fixed it would have been game of year hands down. Thank-you for reading this review it was my first and one that was definetlt deserved for Rocksteady's equal Magnun Opus Arkham City."
,Not Recommended,208650,18858427,"Posted: 3 November, 2015",all,Travingel,"warner brothers said everyone that bought the pc port DIGITALLY is eligible for a refund.http://www.theverge.com/2015/11/2/9657734/batman-arkham-knight-pc-broken-refundsin short : they said they fixed it....they didnt.it still is extremely flawed and in its current state id say it isnt playable, even with my pc wich is considered overkill for this game. im not capable.but neither is rocksteady at fixing this,i love playing the batman games, i have a ps4 and bought this for pc, i feel like a dumbass"
,Not Recommended,208650,16667542,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,Cas,"!!!!BUYERS BEWARE!!!!Horribly done port, possibly the worst I've seen in quite some time.... I really, REALLY wanted this to be the best Arkham game of the series, but alas they outsourced our PC port to the same crapsquad 12-man crew that did origins and had to hamstring several key elements of the game to meet the release date.  I asked for a refund after attempting to modify the game to play halfway decent but that never fully worked out, plus we don't get occlusion, we don't get high textures, we don't get the advanced rain textures, and they tried to hide their massive instability issues by softlocking it to 30FPS.  For shame rocksteady, for shame."
76561197970622176,Recommended,208650,24063212,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,Skating Zebra,"TL;DR - 9/10, RockSteady fixed the issues that plagued the PC release, another great Batman game! If you liked Arkham Asylum and Arkham City, GET IT!WARNING - MINOR SPOILERS AHEAD!!!=-=-=-=-=-=-=This is very much like Arkham City in design, but RockSteady has added a few wonderful things to the mix which keep it fresh and new. The new suit lets you get around the city more quickly and the new Fear takedowns are fun, but the real beauty in this game lies in the addition of...wait for it...... the BatMobile.*Disclamer: I am HORRIBLE at driving games. Utterly awful. Can't do it. Never could.If there is one area where this game ***could** have fallen apart, the BatMobile and driving around the city is it. The open world game Mad Max had time trial missions that were almost impossible to complete and that robbed me of some of the enjoyment of the game. However, RockSteady has avoided every possible pitfall that I could think of with driving around in Gotham and has made the addition of the BatMobile another exercise in fun. If *I* can finish the driving challenges in this game, ANYONE can. The car-to-tank mechanic allows for easy maneuvering around tight turns and narrow areas, and the coolness factor of the car and the tank cannot be overemphasized.Now for the negative: I did have to go to the controller for the driving time trials, as well as one of the side missions during the game. If, like me, you are a completionist when it comes to open-world games, you'll probably need a controller to get through everything.Am I nitpicking? Pretty sure I'm nitpicking. Yeah, I think I'm nitpicking.I've played through about 15% of the main storyline and some of the side missions, and I'm hooked. Great Riddler puzzles, lots of combat combos, all the good stuff you've come to expect from RockSteady's Batman games.PROS------- All the good stuff you've come to expect from the Batman series- Great new suit- BATMOBILE!!! BATMOBILE THAT CONVERTS INTO A BAT-TANK!!!- Did I mention the BatMobile?- Gotta love the BatMobile!!!- Did I mention that the BatMobile converts into a FREAKIN' TANK??!!?!!?- FREAKIN' BATMOBILE!!! THAT CONVERTS INTO A FREAKIN' BAT-TANK!!!CONS------- Some parts of the game work better with a controller than with a mouse/keyboard setup"
76561198094161978,Not Recommended,208650,16667568,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,T-Rider92,Terrible laggy♥♥♥♥♥♥game as a huge fan i was hoping for awesomeness especially after waiting and having the release date pushed back repeatedly i expected somthing that could at least run.... Frame spikes shuttering and good luck on playing over 30 fps even after editing the config file. There was supposedly a patch to fix these issues even after patch just terrible. A huge disapointment to a huge fan....      ; (
,Not Recommended,208650,18806463,"Posted: 31 October, 2015",all,Japenese Juggalo,WB has finally broken the bat and this time there is no Nolan to save us.
,Not Recommended,208650,18730990,"Posted: 28 October, 2015",all,Poseidon,Game is TRY75 and the season pass is TRY120. Stupidness overload.Edit: Price of the game just got doubled.
,Recommended,208650,21287789,"Posted: 17 February, 2016",all,低糖绿茶,"In terms of gameplay, there is not much to complain about. (The cloudburst tank hitbox is a little weird) The stealth system is especially fun. The graphics, animations and special effects are totally next-gen. However, the game on pc does have a bad port and requires unusually strong hardware to run on.If you have at least 16 GB Ram, the game itself is totally worth the price.(I ran it perfectly on 980M, I7-6700HQ, 24gb ram. Marked here not trying to say anything positive about the port, just to post a possibly recommended setting)"
76561198029665637,Recommended,208650,22005749,"Posted: 23 March, 2016",all,okgo,so far so good...  8gb ram i5 gtx 950m. Was a bit apprehensive at first given all the negative review regarding performance after this latest patch.. by since its on sale right now i decided to get it! The game runs smootly with no lag so far (~40-50fps)
76561198133804303,Not Recommended,208650,16670460,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,Th3_DUDE,"when games release like this, It makes be want to quit gaming. Rocksteady is going on my ""Don't buy from list"""
,Not Recommended,208650,18802809,"Posted: 31 October, 2015",all,am195,"Alot of game crashes... none of them seem avoidable. I had 2 points in the game that I would open a door,  the game would crash auto saving.Just avoid it at all costs, if a developer can't figure out how to save to disk properly they probably should not be making a ""AAA"" game"
,Not Recommended,208650,18798969,"Posted: 31 October, 2015",all,Pudding Please,"""Until the end of 2015, we will be offering a full refund on Batman: Arkham Knight PC, regardless of how long you have played the product."" Thanks Warner Bros that's nice, but this game is still broken as hell."
,Not Recommended,208650,18288706,"Posted: 2 October, 2015",all,A scary boy,"It's like arkham city if you were forced to race alot, and the performance wasn't as good, or the bosses, or the ending, or the anything..."
,Not Recommended,208650,16640816,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,Vermilion Wlad,- highest texture setting are Normal- RAGE-tier texture popping all over the place- Borderline gamebreaking stutters out of the♥♥♥♥♥- Ruined Batman Beyond skin- Sonic franchise levels of annoying supporting cast- 7.7 Gigabytes of memory usage after 2 hours
,Not Recommended,208650,18805662,"Posted: 31 October, 2015",all,Bane - 12 inch problem0406650430,"Still broken!, performance issues. crashes. always to do with the bat car."
,Recommended,208650,24723414,"Posted: 5 August, 2016",all,Bamanboi,Recommended if you have a beast PC
,Not Recommended,208650,19138207,"Posted: 17 November, 2015",all,TheAllonsyDude,"First of all, I didn't reccomend this game about the bad port (It's somewhat fixed so..). I'll compare this to the old games, yeah sure, this game has the best graphics, and the best map out of all 4 of the other batman games, the thing that failed though is the fact that there is basically no boss fight in this game, when I got to the part where I fought the chopper, I thought it's just a generic brute enemy that's gonna come out once in a while (like the titans in the Asylum) but no, I was in the middle of the fight and then I noticed that there was a health bar that kinda confirms it as a boss and I didn't see that chopper ever again, the Two Face, well I expected it at least like the one in the Arkham City where Catwoman fight Two Face, but Two Face was just another thug that wasn't any stronger than the other Thug. The Story is really crap and it was too repetitive and expected. And Finally....The Batmobile, I was waiting to have a joyride with it but then I realise it makes the game, The World of Tanks : Batman Edition. The other characters was a waste, I mean at least give me an option to use it on the free roam and the challenge map but no, they are just a one use only and they have less gadgets than before. I expected more Rocksteady, this was the last Arkham Game, the last time I blindly trust you Rocksteady and I won't ever buy your stupid DLCs!"
,Recommended,208650,26241526,"Posted: 26 October, 2016",all,Jackalman2325,"During my time playing it, I only had one glitch, but other than that, it ran just fine. Loved the game and I enjoyed it the most out of all the Rocksteady Batman games."
76561198025925693,Not Recommended,208650,17389846,"Posted: 4 August, 2015",all,murzyn,"F*ck this game! I was so excited when it came out but when I started it, it started laggin and it was plenty of bugs! Now I cant even start the goddamm game.... I paid for both the game and the season pass, what a waste of money! I want a refund Rocksteady!"
76561197966600730,Not Recommended,208650,16643151,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,Carter ❤ #curlywethair,"I've played some bad ports in my time, this is right up there.When you load the game for the first time the first thing you will notice is the menus are capped at 30fps, strange I thought but I guess in game will be 60fps and beyond. The next thing I did was check the minimal amount of graphics options and ran the benchmark, first without the nvidia features on and was pleased to see the benchmark running at 60+fps, I then tried the various nvidia features to check for any dips in performance.Then I selected new game and realised it was capped at 30fps which makes no sense considering the benchmark is at 60+, so I was forced to exit the game and edit the ini file in config to get 60fps. Unfortunately it looks as if right now I'll have to play the game capped at 30fps anyway, with the fps uncapped the stutter is worse than anything i've seen, the framerate fluctuates anywhere from 35ish to 60 when gliding and divebombing, I couldn't believe I payed £60 for this including the season pass.This could be a worse port than AC Unity, I tested this on a single gtx 980 and SLI 980's, which made no difference to the framerate whatsoever.This game needs a mammoth patch."
,Not Recommended,208650,16693109,"Posted: 25 June, 2015",all,Radical Chaos,DO NOT PURCHASE THIS GAME. It is PLAGUED with bugs that will have you tearing your hair out!!
76561197996938973,Not Recommended,208650,16684076,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,Jacra ♛ B.U.Ç.O ♛,Terrible port at it's current state. I can change my mind after new patch. For now just don't buy this bs.
,Not Recommended,208650,16666789,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,Fastang97,"Was really excited for this game, I even pre-ordered with DLC. Unfortunately they released a crappy port. Could not play the game without lag and horrible FPS. Guess I am buying a PS4. Get your refund people."
,Not Recommended,208650,19093520,"Posted: 15 November, 2015",all,Cate's fan,"Don't know what to say about this game. First of all, my GTX 970 still(November 15 2015) does not maintain 60 FPS while driving or flying (without Physix) and there are still glitches(I stuck glued to a roof, enemies fall through textures). But the problem, I think is in the other department.I remember the time when I waited for 5 minutes for loading of a 1-room location in VtM: Bloodlines and I didn't care, because the game was awesome! I just ate or did my homework during these 5 minutes:). And I could have overcome all the inconveniences of Arkham Knight the same way. But for some reason we all pay so much attention to graphics and insane for early 2000s 60 FPS here, because, I think, the game itself is not that big of a deal and you mostly play it for the picture.It is the same Batman game we played two times already. The fighting is the same, story does not shock you as it was in some moments of Asylum game. In my opinion it is even a bit worse: villains don't have much time and instead of mystery behind them present mostly structurized lazy side mission apearances. For example, to catch one of them you only need to race him across the city and beat him up 3 or 4 times. Every time he appears the same way and fight ends the same way. It feels more like a race-side-activity markers on the map of GTA game instead of ""legendary detective uses all his devices to find and apprehand a dangerous long time eneme in a dark chaotic city etc."".That is the difference between Christopher Nolan movie and a standard summer blockbuster. It does not mean the game is bad, but I guess I just raised my hopes too high about Rocksteady's talent. Or they just had to make another game according to the contract. Anyway I wish them good luck next time!"
,Not Recommended,208650,16752452,"Posted: 27 June, 2015",all,ruenix,"Completely unplayable! Absolutely terrible launch!  You owe everyone whom purchased - not a return for a refund, but a HEFTY discount.  We paid the very steep day one price for a game we could play on day one, not days or seemingly weeks later.  You've got a lot of people to do right by, Steam."
,Recommended,208650,28989531,Posted: 3 January,all,EDWARD FX™,"Batman™: Arkham Knight brings the award-winning Arkham trilogy from Rocksteady Studios to its epic conclusion. Developed exclusively for New-Gen platforms, Batman: Arkham Knight introduces Rocksteady's uniquely designed version of the Batmobile. The highly anticipated addition of this legendary vehicle, combined with the acclaimed gameplay of the Arkham series, offers gamers the ultimate and complete Batman experience as they tear through the streets and soar across the skyline of the entirety of Gotham City. In this explosive finale, Batman faces the ultimate threat against the city that he is sworn to protect, as Scarecrow returns to unite the super criminals of Gotham and destroy the Batman forever.Product Features:“Be The Batman” – Live the complete Batman experience as the Dark Knight enters the concluding chapter of Rocksteady’s Arkham trilogy. Players will become The World’s Greatest Detective like never before with the introduction of the Batmobile and enhancements to signature features such as FreeFlow Combat, stealth, forensics and navigation.Introducing the Batmobile – The Batmobile is brought to life with a completely new and original design featuring a distinct visual appearance and a full range of on-board high-tech gadgetry. Designed to be fully drivable throughout the game world and capable of transformation from high speed pursuit mode to military grade battle mode, this legendary vehicle sits at the heart of the game’s design and allows players to tear through the streets at incredible speeds in pursuit of Gotham City’s most dangerous villains. This iconic vehicle also augments Batman’s abilities in every respect, from navigation and forensics to combat and puzzle solving creating a genuine and seamless sense of the union of man and machine.The Epic Conclusion to Rocksteady’s Arkham Trilogy – Batman: Arkham Knight brings all-out war to Gotham City. The hit-and-run skirmishes of Batman: Arkham Asylum, which escalated into the devastating conspiracy against the inmates in Batman: Arkham City, culminates in the ultimate showdown for the future of Gotham. At the mercy of Scarecrow, the fate of the city hangs in the balance as he is joined by the Arkham Knight, a completely new and original character in the Batman universe, as well as a huge roster of other infamous villains including Harley Quinn, The Penguin, Two-Face and the Riddler.Explore the entirety of Gotham City – For the first time, players have the opportunity to explore all of Gotham City in a completely open and free-roaming game world. More than five times that of Batman: Arkham City, Gotham City has been brought to life with the same level of intimate, hand-crafted attention to detail for which the Arkham games are known.Most Wanted Side Missions – Players can fully immerse themselves in the chaos that is erupting in the streets of Gotham. Encounters with high-profile criminal masterminds are guaranteed while also offering gamers the opportunity to focus on and takedown individual villains or pursue the core narrative path.New Combat and Gadget Features – Gamers have at their disposal more combat moves and high-tech gadgetry than ever before. The new ‘gadgets while gliding’ ability allows Batman to deploy gadgets such as batarangs, the grapnel gun or the line launcher mid-glide while Batman’s utility belt is once again upgraded to include all new gadgets that expand his range of forensic investigation, stealth incursion and combat skills."
,Not Recommended,208650,18742794,"Posted: 29 October, 2015",all,SPMason,"Even if this game worked, It would be the worst in the series."
,Not Recommended,208650,16894052,"Posted: 5 July, 2015",all,comrade_778,"Many gameplay improvements since Arkham city, Big Gotham, fancy and pretty usable Batmobile and totally unoptimized perfomance that kill any chance to get fun from game. Thank you WB! From this day i stopped to wait any of your game."
,Not Recommended,208650,18875720,"Posted: 4 November, 2015",all,brian.varley,"First and foremost the publisher of this game did a terrible job communicating updates to SEVERE problems with the launch version of this game. I pre-ordered this game's digital deluxe version which included the season pass and some pre-order exclusive features. The game initially ran ok for me but then all of that changed with the 1st ""UPDATE"" WB released. This update fixed the same for some people and broke the game for many others. At this point in time they took the game off the store, disabled all DLC and pre-order content and released a statement every 30 days until finally releasing the DLC and a full ""PATCH"" last week. This patch didn't actually fix anything and the game is extremely broken. The now 4 month DLC was released finally but took less than 2 hours to complete it all. Hardly what I was expecting from a $30 season pass. WB has now finally admitted the game is broken and there are certain things they will never be able to fix. They are offering full refunds to anyone that has purchased the game. I just submitted for a full refund. Maybe in the future after this game has had a few more updates and it drops in price I'll give it another shot. Until then I'd avoid this game like the plague."
76561198078135981,Not Recommended,208650,16648029,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,brookisagirlsname,So..... preordered the game....installed....graphics divers installed...and what do I get? a flashing screen that NEVER loads the main menu.....you guys really screwed this one up.
,Not Recommended,208650,16673637,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,Bodhi Sly Killer,"Dear Rocksteady,Thank you for this horribly optimized poor excuse for a port, I appreciate being dicked around after waiting almost a year to play this game. It wouldn't be so bad if my computer barely met system requirements and it was me, the consumers fault. That being said, I think it should be considered that this is a bad game, Why you might ask? Because when you have a game, that people released and said ""okay here you guys go it's ready"" and you click the play button, giggling with anticipation, the next things you see, define that game. So that being said: Arkham Knight is the worst game that rocksteady has come out with ever, Ill take you through the first 15 minutes:The opening cut scenes where they implimented time travel, and the use of bullet time really took me out of the game, then the coffee shop segment where things are really supposed to engage the story, rocksteady tried to portray the cop as a ""teleporter"" bringing a new superhero into the franchise. However this hero that we find ourselves playing as, shows his greatest weakness which is other teleporters jumping on your face.Now let's get to the opening where we get to play as batman, Batman starts his campaign against crime, not assessing the fact that his equipment is faulty, im assuming it's a story error in which rocksteady meant to tell us that everytime batman looks in a direction his helmet camera gets blurry and doesn't work. This combined with the fact that the batmobile seems to keep trying to go with the newly implimented ""time jumping"" theme.  Basic combat is also a joke because they nerfed the batsuit in the early parts of the game to the point that when you attack something it affects the visuals that batman is seeing and forces you to wait as the system keeps trying to reboot midcombat, I don't know that the libertys that they were trying to take with this game involving a teleporting cop, time-travel and batman going into a fight with faulty equipment to even the odds but I have no motivation to find out, as the first 15 minutes of this game showed me how awful a developer can be.Side note: If this is some half♥♥♥♥♥♥♥attempt, to get people to convert to a console by releasing a♥♥♥♥♥♥poor PC port. Because Rocksteady decided to line their pockets with all that Sony/Mocrosoft payoff money, Everyone has already seen the gimmicky preorders, that each console and gamestore has to try to get everyone to buy early and from them {i.e.) redhood dlc, no batmobile edition), then they truly should take a look in the mirror and say to themselves ""we are bad people"".Disclaimer: This being said, I know that they could be trying really hard, and alot of games at release have problems and minor bugs, Also most of the gaming community including myself, Know nothing of the innerworkings or politics that it truly takes to publish a game and release it. This all being said, You don't release an unfinished game. Unless you intend on us playing it from alpha on, to bugtest for you. This is how fanbases get destroyed."
,Not Recommended,208650,18844142,"Posted: 2 November, 2015",all,Wondercracken11,I am a big fan of the batman games and pre-ordered the pc version for over £60 in June and have been really disappointed as the game was completely broken and I have been unable to play the game for many months. I am no longer willing to wait for a fix for this game which may or may not come!
76561198110247528,Not Recommended,208650,19194713,"Posted: 21 November, 2015",all,ÛltERíoR,"7.7628/10 ""I shoulda refunded it when I had the chance"""
76561198132581503,Not Recommended,208650,16662923,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,Ashley,i have i intel graphics card so the game tries to load then crashes on me and i was really looking forward to playing this.....i would not buy this unless you have a real good graphics card
,Not Recommended,208650,19185502,"Posted: 20 November, 2015",all,rgtanjt,Worst optimization in AAA games ever.
76561198031859335,Not Recommended,208650,16643761,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,malvonius,"My Rigi7 5930 4.4ghzSLI 980s32gigs DDR4 2800First launch=crash, then forced to fully re-install.Second Launch, notice framerate cap, change ini file.Third Launch, why am I only getting 40 -50 fps with dips every where, game and new drivers are supposed to be optomized. Turn off SLIFourth Launch=much better framerate, still dips, not optomized worth a damn, no where near enough graphics options, I shouldn't have to go into a ini file to change standard gaming graphics options, and even if you do that you risk the game constantly crashing. Memory leak for DAYS, 10gigs of memory used in 5 minutes?If I wanted to play this using console graphics I would have bought it for my PS4 instead of PC.Wait for patch before buying, or buy console version instead."
76561198012222473,Not Recommended,208650,16642497,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,Chunkygrimm,"Have to change an ini file to move the frame rate cap higher (set to 30)Game ranges from 60 all the way down to 10 fpsIt is fun if you like the other bat man games becuase it mostly the same, just wait until they get it patched if you must play this."
,Not Recommended,208650,16642914,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,Kobe,I've only played 30 mins and can already see performance issues. WAIT FOR PATCHES BEFORE BUYING!
76561198000577384,Not Recommended,208650,16659547,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,Bruce,I'm running a high end Pc and the game is imply unplayabale.I'm a huge Batman fan and this is really disappointing.
,Not Recommended,208650,16707980,"Posted: 25 June, 2015",all,MediocreMan,"Fun Gameplay, the batmobile is amazing and the story is quite  enthralling....That is if you can even play the game. This game is terribly optimized and crashes every twenty minutes. If the game worked i would be extremely pleased however this is not the case and rocksteady and WB have thoroughly dissapointed me."
76561198052782942,Not Recommended,208650,18783201,"Posted: 30 October, 2015",all,Divine Aardvark,"A while ago when Skyrim first came out, there was a graphics glitch that made it so PC couldn't see translucent textures like cobwebs, mists. smoke or fire. This was fixed within the first month... You mean to tell me, that after 4 months, rocksteady was unable to make the game playable? And to top that all of they added DLCs to♥♥♥♥♥♥in our cornflakes? If that's isn't putting diamons on doo doo, I don't know what is."
76561197965021985,Not Recommended,208650,18782671,"Posted: 30 October, 2015",all,AlphaBeta+P,"I played through at release. A little too much batmobile, but a fun game. The frame rates were low, but stable enough to enjoy myself.As of writing this the game was patched and re-released -- I crashed within two minutes of gameplay. What a step backwards.I'd recommend this game, but who knows if you can even play it."
76561198063582169,Not Recommended,208650,18781599,"Posted: 30 October, 2015",all,ewogau,"Where to begin?  I'll start with the game proper and get to performance issues in a bit.Rocksteady put out a game superior to Arkham Origins, not much of a feat but after 3 gos at the genre a few things were bound to get repetaive.   the mainline story is enough to keep a Batman fan engaged though its nothing really new. A few sequences leading up to the reveal of the Arkham night were very well done and fun to watch.  It seemed like a few of the villians were under utilized, but most everyone stayed true to character.....Except for the Riddler.  There are always riddler puzzles and it used to a challenging fun time.  This time around the Riddler tasked you with racing around Gotham in the Batmobile.  Not needed, skipped it all.  That brings me to the next ""feature"" that was shoved down our throats.The Batmobile.  What seemed like a cool way to get around town and be Batman quickly became a chore with multiple Bat tank story mission that weren't fun, felt forced and really took away from the game.  I often found myself enjoying the game and being super cool dude with gadgets and martial arts only to be forced into anouther dull, long and pointless batmobile sequence.  I can't judge any of the side missions that used the Bat tank..skipped them all.Now for performance...everyone knows the dirt by now so GTX980, 4.Ghz I7, 16gb of RAM and visible frame rate drops? Not acceptable WB, rocksteady.  Your patch notes look as if you were more interested in console parity for the DLCs. Luckily WB doesn't own any other franchises or properties I'm interested in since it will take years for me to trust any product they port to PC.  I seem to remember that MK X was a pretty awful PC port as well.On another note, either Steam or WB having launch reviews changed to ""pre-launch"" isn't fooling anyone.  You released a product and customers remember.Between the forced Bat Tank, so so story, repetative side quests and the beyond horrible PC port I could never reccomend this game and I would advise caution on any future WB PC games."
76561198060445597,Recommended,208650,24166666,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,PCGAMINGMASTERRACE,"This game isn't a masterpiece, but is is close to being one. This is had a lot of technical error upon its release; however, they have been resolved. Although, don't be shocked if you aren't able to run it at a stable fps if your gpu isn't at least as powerful as a 750ti. This is an exquisite game with impressive rain, smoke, and shadow effects. As long as you have a gtx 970 and an I5, you should be able to max it out. You might be able to get away with an I3, but I don't own one to test. Nonetheless, this game is a steal at its current price of only 30 dollars; I'd give the game a 7/10. I am removing 3 points for the sometimes clunky batmobile combat, Arkham Knight's character, and the fact that Gotham is abandoned once again."
,Not Recommended,208650,16653060,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,podimerlin,Delayed by 6 months yet stuttering issues on even very capable rigs. Refunded.
,Not Recommended,208650,16655894,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,Unit 399,"This game is bad, and developers should feel bad.I have an ""almost"" high end pc, and the fps rate, shutters, extremely sad textures is not matching the gameplay videos you watched for the past few months.Its a very bad port from a console game, even WB studios admited that they should have worked with an external studio. Its this game is a 0.5/10 comparing to the previous titles.Just take your refund, wait for few months or years for them to fix it, then wait a bit more till it drops below 5$, then buy it.This game was a waste of network bandwith, electricty and time. DO NOT BUY IT"
76561198028861506,Not Recommended,208650,16649426,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,Trident,Compleatly broken.The game simply can not be played. The stutter is so bad it hurts to watch and the polys on many objects streach off to infinity. I'm giving them untill the end of the day to release a patch before demanding a refund.
,Not Recommended,208650,16649483,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,Fen4,"good job JewVidiafirst: 970 series scam, than thisAnd what we have here?two 970 in SLI can't even hold 40 fps, and f***ing PS4 with notebook hardware from THE LAST CENTURYhave solid 30 fpsP.S. now i seeWitcher 3 was not anough for you (with yours shtWorks(tm) ) to kill PC gamingso i hope nvidia streaming service will die soon"
76561198008660731,Not Recommended,208650,16656339,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,PlumbusColumbus [Rage],"My PC exceeds the recommended system requirements.I will update this review later, once I've actually been able to play the game because so far, at the moment, the game wont even bloody start. The game starts tabbed out, and I can hear the sound running fine, then I tab in and it flickers and spazzes out like a donkey on acid. I also can't tab out of it again to close it, resulting in me having to resart my computer just to end the damn spazzfest. I then verified the game cache only to be told that ALL of the files for the game were missing, so now I have to download the whole bloody thing again, which took 6 hours to do the first time around. I freaking love Batman, and I love the Arkham games, but so far this PC port is pile of donkey turd.EDIT: After re-downloading the whole game, same problem. I've also noticed that it actually appears to be turning my screen on and off. Also the cache integrity thing is an actual problem that a lot of people have been having, so if you have this game DO NOT verify the integrity of the game cache as it will delete all of your game files. I have sent a ticket to  WB support demanding that they fix this completely unnaceptable mess of a port.EDIT: After finally getting back to my ticket  I was fed some rubbish by the WB support team claiming I did not meet the minimum requirements when my rig quite clearly exceeds the recommended requirements. They little advice that they offered was not useful in the slightest. I think I shall have to use Steam's refund system... *sigh*"
76561198178742570,Not Recommended,208650,16807013,"Posted: 30 June, 2015",all,Top le Man,"Good game, bad port again. damn it......!!+ FreeFlow combat has been improved significantly.+ Satisfying conclusion.+ Surprising return of certain villain and hero.+ Batmobile is awesome.- Harley Quinn DLC is surprisingly short (around 15 mins)- Bad port, poorly optimized (WB has done it again)I'd not recommend this game for now."
,Recommended,208650,29389338,Posted: 20 January,all,Ahri Safari,"For those, like me, who skipped the first few release months because of bugs...they are patched. No real frame drops. Great game you'd expect from this series. It relies a little too much on the Batmobile, but aside from that, great game."
,Not Recommended,208650,18848016,"Posted: 2 November, 2015",all,MR.27234,wb games idea reless a unplayabul portget called outremove from steamtry to fixkinda fix some of the♥♥♥♥♥♥they got wrongrereless the portkinda worksstill brokenlocks up systums nowhave to give refudswb games cant pc port
76561198055118042,Not Recommended,208650,18843926,"Posted: 2 November, 2015",all,arobbo86,"Absolutely terrible, cant even get the game to load on my HP omen i7 witht Nvidia 860, works fine when opened in windowed mode then as soon as I change it to full screen the whole game goes black and starts to flicker. Not a happy chap at all as I've waited months for this title!"
76561198146954625,Not Recommended,208650,16651563,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,rebelfan57,not working very well... still tweaking... so far.... im unhappy i paid 60$ for this
76561198113047528,Recommended,208650,28581529,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,KingFencePost,"The best Arkham game by far in my opinion.ReasonsLargest main storyInteresting main storyMany Most wanted missionsMany DLC short storysHuge improvement to combatMany more perksBiggest mapMore characters to play as.You also get to TANK""You don't even have to in you'r tank to tank"""
,Recommended,208650,16635815,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,MinorDespera,"Initial technical failure that Arkham Knight was on PC release day aside, this final Rocksteady Batman game excels at everything over its predecessors and puts a solid ending to the Batman Arkham trilogy. The map is much bigger than Arkham City, the visuals are one of the best I've ever seen in a videogame as of 2017, all the gameplay mechanics have been carried over from previous entries and are expanded upon, the AI creates a believable act of tactics in tracking down Batman when being hunted, the story is captivating and the level and amount of small details blew me away."
76561198074604720,Not Recommended,208650,18753479,"Posted: 29 October, 2015",all,bitterlemon17,"Ty WB and rocksteady for another failure,but tnx for trying. So guys intel i5 4690k 120Gb ssd 8gb ram and allmighty gtx970 4g and this joke of a game runs 16 Fps max on normal settings its funny how much they failed with this game,maybe they will have re re lease in fall 2016 hahah :)"
,Not Recommended,208650,16646229,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,jpg7077,UNPLAYABLE0/10
,Not Recommended,208650,16654991,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,mexican meat wraps,"I can't even get past the menu screen. Seems like a great game, but serious issues need to be addressed."
76561197988659434,Not Recommended,208650,16654989,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,mihail_seryakov,It works like a slideshow. My PC is strong enough to run Witcher 3 on average-high quality.
,Not Recommended,208650,16643820,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,asmarbys,Sturdy 10 fps. 10fps/10
,Not Recommended,208650,16640426,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,Conniptions Nito,"I can't even get past the intro without this game crashing. Woudln't reccomend until they fix the issues of this game, a shame since this would most likely be an amazing game."
,Not Recommended,208650,17560653,"Posted: 15 August, 2015",all,PvtFoster,"So as of AUGUST FKN 15th still havent fkn been able to play the goddamn game! Warnerbrothers and fkn Rocksteady are possibly the worst developers in my eyes now. I'd put them even worse than EA, at least they fkn work ontheir♥♥♥♥♥♥and get it operable in about a week but no 3 months and still nothing. Thanks guys fkn wasted $60."
76561198044108017,Not Recommended,208650,16641060,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,batesvillbilly,Terrible. Just really poor qualty control to let this ship on pc.
76561198054068256,Not Recommended,208650,16814682,"Posted: 30 June, 2015",all,The_Outlier,What a true shame that this was ruined for PC users.  I just completed the game on PS4 and was suprised to find a small army of QA testers listed in the credits.   Did they show up?  Did they QA on the PC at all?  This will be the game future release debacles are compared to.  Way to destroy your rep and a great series of games for us WB and Rocksteady.  Maybe you morons will learn to keep things in-house in the future.  Probably not.
76561198077134316,Not Recommended,208650,16810011,"Posted: 30 June, 2015",all,Mr Snow,Even ignoring the tech problems the game still isn't that good.  Someone at Rocksteady was banking on the audience loving the Batmobile because it shows up everywhere even when completely unnecessary.  For me it ruins the whole game.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jCgDFlLBU8A
76561198060177305,Not Recommended,208650,16783532,"Posted: 29 June, 2015",all,Big Niggles,"I loved this game sooo much. The combat is the same as the last games (combos actually seem easier to pull off), the story is intriguing, the side missions add a lot of exploration to the game, and the graphics are somewhat nice. However, as everyone has said by now, there are too many bugs and issues with the PC version of the game. Driving in the Batmobile just ruins the frame rate, and when you get the game, it's locked at 30fps. With a little changing of the coding, the frame rate can run however high you desire, but that doesn't mean you'll be able to hit however high you set it. Absolutely awful optimization on Rocksteady's part. Also, don't even try running the game on an AMD card, it won't end well at all.Intel Core i7-4790kGeForce GTX 97016 GB RAM^That won't keep it at a constant frame rate...yeah. :("
,Not Recommended,208650,16803007,"Posted: 29 June, 2015",all,BTonyB,This game was broken. WTF!
,Not Recommended,208650,16803860,"Posted: 30 June, 2015",all,d  g m e a t,"I have had to delete 2, let me say that again, 2 F***ING 100% completed saves because the game decided I deserved a game-breaking bug.The first time: After completing the game 100% on Normal, I decided to play again on Story +. After reaching a certain point in the game, the camera bugged and reset Batman to GCPD. What made it worse: the area I needed to reach was blocked off by an invisible wall, making it impossible to get back in. Thus, I deleted my save.The second time: After getting to 76% game completion on Normal(by this, I mean 220-230 of all the riddles done, and practically 90% of sidequests finished with some more Story bits to go), I went to an area to finsih the riddles there so I wouldn't have to go back. As I entered the room, the game skipped to a mission way ahead of where I should have been in the story. I got to collect an upgrade and the game freezes. I restart, and it goes back to where I had to start that particular instance of the game. Having no other option, deleted my game AGAIN."
,Not Recommended,208650,16647915,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,Jerome Valeska,It's a shame
76561198060937112,Not Recommended,208650,17553817,"Posted: 15 August, 2015",all,Glitter Heart,"There is no support for high or ultra-textures. Random framerate drops all over the place, but mostly when using the batmobile. It is full of bugs, glitches, crashes and has graphics worse than last gen."
76561198064138616,Not Recommended,208650,16640871,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,LuckySpud,Played this game for a little less than 3 hours. At first I didn't believe all the people saying that there are terrible framerate issues cause the game was running fine for me. Then 1 hour in it crashed. Then it crashed again. Now the framerate plummets first then it crashes.In it's current state this game was not ready to be on PC. I may just wait to play it until a patch comes out.
76561198112114284,Not Recommended,208650,20939361,"Posted: 3 February, 2016",all,Kain13545,"When I buy a game, I play it for a while to try it out. If I complete the game and still like it, I usually try to download some mods for the game. This one however is the first game I had to tamper with to get it to even start up properly!That is not something I would expect from a game that costs 60EUR."
,Recommended,208650,23676588,"Posted: 20 June, 2016",all,Ducbash the 1st,"Don't let the horrendous PC release ruin this game for you. Now as of June 2016 the game is largely fixed and runs and looks beautiful. There are still occasional popins on objects in the distance even with maximum draw distance, but this is not a problem only this game suffers from.The story is fantastic, Scarecrow is a fantastic main villain and the theming of how his fear toxin affect Batman and the psychological effects of it are thrilling. For those of you worried about the fact that the Joker isn't in this game, you won't miss him, trust me. The only hitch in the story is the main twist is pretty heavy handed if you haven't read the comics and completely non-existant if you have. Without spoiling anything I will just say, there are no original characters in the Arkham games, the Arkham Knight is no exception. However the implimentation of the story of the Arkham Knight in relation to the rest of the canon is still beautifully handled and still has plenty of excellent drama. We all just know who he is already.The gameplay is over-all even better than Arkham City with more gadgets to play with, better and faster traversal on foot and flying as the Batman. Gliding around all of Gotham is fantastic and the city is beautiful from all angles with plenty of visual and audio cues for you to clearly know where missions are without map markers cluttering everything, a massive bonus for immersion. The batmobile is a welcome adiition in all ways but one. . . the Riddler has taken an interesting new profession since the last two games. Instead of building puzzles that challenge the player mentally now he just builds horrible race tracks for the batmobile. This is the most inexcusable shoe-horning of a new mechanic I think I have ever seen and since Rocksteady did such an amazing job of implementing the Riddler in past games that makes it even more inexcusable. You will hate these missions, especially if you want to 100% this game. A positive thing they added was that the motivation for beating the Riddler is more apparent than just the player's own boredom or the gamey goal of 100%. But this excellent motivation does not take away from how bad the missions are so no free pass Rocksteady.These two problems are the only thing holding this game back from being the best in the whole series. It is an excellent conclusion to the trilogy and if you enjoyed Asylum and City, I highly urge you to pick up Knight especially at its new reduced price."
76561198123002864,Recommended,208650,34664462,Posted: 1 September,all,sid,"Good game,but get it on sale! Good story but gameplay wise it seems like they went backwards, yeah, combat is more fluid than before but that's the only thing i find myself doing mostly. Not much focus on gameplay variety, as seen in previous Arkham games."
76561197995117368,Not Recommended,208650,16669885,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,Xector,"Missing effects, missing TXAA, mission Ambient Occlusion, missing hi-res textures, game capped at 30 fps. Looks nothing like the demos and looks worse than PS4.An insult."
76561197999437668,Not Recommended,208650,16667546,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,Shankovich,Batman: Arkham StutterWait a bit before buying on PC
,Not Recommended,208650,18863205,"Posted: 3 November, 2015",all,[uXg] FoxoFire,I can't even get past the intro and my computer exceeds the recommendations. Very disapointed. I have been trying very hard not to ruin the story for myself and it looks like I will have to wait longer because apperently an additional 4 months of bug fixing isn't enough. They seriously need to pull their heads out of their asses. Don't buy. It's in anunacceptablecondition.
76561198006298924,Not Recommended,208650,18734901,"Posted: 28 October, 2015",all,Treiden,"This game, while probably very good, is a slap in the face to every PC gamer out there.This came out as one of the worst, if not THE worst optimized-for-PC game ever 4 months ago. So bad, even, that they recalled the PC version until today, just so they could do what they should have done before releasing this travesty.Now, 4 months later, they re-release the game, promising sunshine and daisies, and this disaster of a port runs even WORSE than it did before the recall.Before the recall, I could actually play the game somewhat decently, after tweaking some config files. I was one of the few who could, miraculously. It still stuttered like a madman, textures would pop in and out randomly, and all that, but it was (borderline) playable.Now, however, the game refuses to start half the time. The other half, I have to tweak every graphical setting separately and reboot the game, praying it'll start up again. Otherwise, the game can and will crash. After setting up all the settings, the game looks absolutely horrendous, with practically every texture refusing to load in properly, and all I get instead, are blotted messes that have to pass for whatever it's supposed to be. Even on the highest settings, the textures simply refuse to load in properly. The game looks like a late PS2 title now. I'm not even kidding.Avoid this turd of a port AT ALL COSTS. Get the console version and enjoy the actual game."
76561198031815076,Not Recommended,208650,18758526,"Posted: 30 October, 2015",all,kleinhendler,"very dissapointed! for me it's unplayable, as the frame rates drops drastically. i can't believe that even after a 4 month re-release they still haven't manage to make ot playable.there is a message in the beggining that says that  i am using an outdated driver, but i checked several times and my driver is uptodate.unless something is going to happen in the next few days i will have to ask for a refund."
,Not Recommended,208650,18809905,"Posted: 1 November, 2015",all,big max,Awful port of what could have been a great Batman; Refund asked after the october patch which didn't change a thing.
76561198037067323,Not Recommended,208650,16725716,"Posted: 26 June, 2015",all,AlienOfWar (zzmannyzz2),"it baffles me that after the first 2 great games rocksteady and warner bros manage to screw up the last 2 so badly. Don't get me wrong i love the series, i have been hyped for this game for ages but seriously? You spend 3 years on a game with the potential to be as awesome as city was the first time i played it, and you just waste it for the pc players. thank God this is the last game in the series, so you can't mess it up any more."
76561198141358649,Not Recommended,208650,16640532,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,Paragon of Hope,"Fatal crash within 2 hours, all files went bad, re-downloading the game all over again.Was great up to that point.Will change rating and edit feedback when fixed, this was clearly an unfinished/unpolished product.I can run Witcher 3 on Ultra with hairworks on but this is a problem on med?Edit : Blue screen of death after the game crashed, NEVER happened before, considering getting my money back.Edit 2 : re-installed, usual hard but not fatal crashed once after 5 min, then again in 30 ; Fatal crash : ""BUILD_JULY_2012"" many ""File not found"" prompts. This is unbelievable.Have no smoke, paper blah, blah options on and tried on Low, Going to get my money back for sure, already damaged my hardware with blue screen."
,Not Recommended,208650,18756140,"Posted: 29 October, 2015",all,INeedMerch,Terrible?  Does that cover it?  Can't get past 5 minutes of gameplay without it crashing.  Very disappointed.  Wish I could get a refund!
,Not Recommended,208650,16670720,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,fuad.jaafar,The game is so buggy.
,Not Recommended,208650,16669854,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,Mint,I have loved ALL of the Arkham games (yes even origins despite it's flaws) but this game isn't even playable. I have a GTX 980 with an i7 4790 and I can barely function with this game. I don't understand how they could screw this game up so badly.
,Not Recommended,208650,18803342,"Posted: 31 October, 2015",all,wheresmyslaw,"Booted it up for Halloween and found that it is actually running worse than when I beat it at launch, and it was choppy back then. Until they actually fix this game I'd suggest buying it on any other console, but not PC. Get your act together WB."
76561198198103322,Recommended,208650,21072993,"Posted: 9 February, 2016",all,batman,The game works without problems on maximum graphics setups.I had problems after 20 minutes (the game slows down) but i found solution - I disabled internet connection and after that all works without lags.
,Recommended,208650,19258643,"Posted: 24 November, 2015",all,Emperor Gandhi,"I've been wanting to review this game since it was first released in June, but I held back because of the game being pulled from the Steam store and the fact that it was still messy after it was released again. But I decided to review the game anyway, but I'm going to start off with one important thing.DO NOT BUY THIS GAME ON PC.Yes, although I'm giving this game a positive review, this review is based on the game justin general, not solely the PC version.Since I only played it on PC, there will be some bias here. However, I'm going to try and keep this review as generalized towards all console versions as possible.GraphicsThe heaviest blow compared to the other versions, Arkham Knight's graphics were indeed just ""meh"" compared to the other versions of the game. That being said, however, it's still a fairly pretty game. The rain looks pretty for me, and is used nicely. However, the overall feel I had with the game wasn't all that ""dark"" or ""evil,"" but rather just bland. The atmosphere wasn't all that thrilling for the most part. But then again, PC bias could just be kicking in here.GameplayThe combat is the smoothest out of all of the Arkham games. It's fast-paced, intense, and very fluid. I had a blast beating up thugs and is one of the strongest points Arkham Knight has to offer. The Batmobile is the main part I would like to discuss about the gameplay. I wasn't AGAINST the Batmobile being in the game. Seeing how large Gotham City is, I wouldn't mind having some quick transportation to get from one place to another. It didn't disappoint for the most part in game. However, my main qualm with it all is the fact that the Batmobile was crammed into the game as much as possible. If you want to show off a new feature to a game, that's fine, but abusing it just ruins the experience. The tank form is especially annoying to me. You'll soon realize that 90% of the time, you're just destroying wave after wave of drone vehicles when you could just face the militia soldiers head-on. This leads to the ""boss fights"" to be incredibly disappointing. The side missions were also fairly interesting, but I wasn't entirely hooked to them. They were satisfactory, but nothing to write home about. In the end, the gameplay is definitely a mixed bag that's still above average.StoryThe story is definitely the best part to Arkham Knight. It was actually very entertaining and kept me on the edge of my seat. The scenes with theJokerwere especially interesting. Sometimes, they might be really annoying, but I could still manage them. When the game reached the climax, I was actually genuinely WORRIED whether or not Batman would be able to survive the wrath of Scarecrow or not. The final mission was amazing and also mind-bending. Plus, the twists were very well played and added onto the very enjoyable main story. The one glaring flaw with the storyline in my eyes was the fact that the Arkham Knight's identity is fairly predictable if you're a Batman fan like myself. But, there wasn't many other people cut for the Arkham Knight role, so it was a reasonable choice. The side mission stories were somewhat decent, but it depends on which one you're doing. But, in the end, the main storyline is awesome and was an excellent way to end the Arkham series.AudioNot much to say here when it comes to music. When it comes to voice acting, it's a mixed bag. On one hand, you have people likeJokerand Scarecrow, who were interesting and enjoyable to listen to. Batman, however, wasn't the best when it came to voice acting. He seemed very cheesy, and although that's what he's often known for, it didn't feel right in a game like this.ReplayabilityDespite Arkham Knight's large world full of different things to do, you more than likely won't get too much replayability out of the game. Aside from 100%ing it, you won't stick around for long unless you worship the game. There isn't really much else to say, as it depends on how much you enjoy the game.VerdictArkham Knight is definitely not the best Arkham game in the series. However, it isn't a horrible game. There was so much potential with the game that it isn't deserving of a GotY award in my eyes, but it's still a fairly enjoyable experience that you should be able to have some fun with the game.Graphics- 7.5/10Gameplay- 7.0/10Story- 9.0/10Audio- 7.5/10Replayability- 6.5/10.:7.9/10:.+Excellent way to finish off the series+Villain voice acting was very well done+Smooth and fluid combat+Main story was interesting from start to finish-Side missions were usually fairly boring-Batmobile was overused-Very disappointing boss battles-Graphics seemed bland"
76561198044203858,Not Recommended,208650,16646912,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,fuTURE,i can't even batman
76561197967324471,Not Recommended,208650,16675313,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,H.U.N.K,This must be a port from the Sega Saturn version as the textures and framerate are that bad the game literaly looks like♥♥♥♥
76561198035896256,Not Recommended,208650,22699193,"Posted: 28 April, 2016",all,Philipep,"Hello,I really wanted to love this game.I have about 10 hours recorded on this game, however most of that it was left on standby, I've probably actually played closer to 3-5 hours.In that time I got to 19% game completion and WHAT DO YOU KNOW!?!?!The game crashed on my, I shruged it off and went to bed.I get on the next day, play for about 30 minutes, shrug it off again and go to bed.NOW I can not even play the game! I get to the startup menus, I go to my save. I go to start the game and in the loading screen it crashesCRASHES!Crash after CrashI turn down the settings to minimum. Still crashes.I have a 4g GTX 970 // i7 4790k CPU  .... My rig is not weak to say the least, could be bettter. But it's good and ran this game at max settings.This is whack..To top it off, they are NOT giving me a refund for a game I can no longer play."
,Not Recommended,208650,18762496,"Posted: 30 October, 2015",all,"Oliver""Arrow""Queen",I'd love to rate this game........but I can't even get it to start
,Not Recommended,208650,20241251,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,GM Pax,"The gameplay is fun (even though I suck at it - that takes some doing), the visuals are gorgeous, the story is good.But the program itself remains unstable.  As I've progressed through the main story, I have more and more frequently encountered random crashes to my desktop - even though my frames-per-second remain steady, and no graphical anomalies occur.And if it's this bad on PC still, in December ... I shudder and weep to think how horrible it must have been at launch.Add to that the lackluster DLC - seriously, the much-lauded one with Harley Quinn is like, two areas to fight through.  No character development, no sandbox area to roam about in, just ... two areas, some goons to fight, then a boss fight.  ::yawn::  Red Hood's DLC was the same deal....I will not be quick to buy another WB-published PC game in the future.  I honestly regret having spent more than $20 or $30 USD on the game (Premium Edition, no less!).  I'm not even at 60%, and I'm already giving up on it due to all the crashes ...  ::sigh::"
76561198128022586,Not Recommended,208650,16652832,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,Horrorking,"WHAT A DISSAPOINTMEN!!!!!!!! GAME DEVELOPERS ARE FORGETTING US PC GAMERS!!!!!!!!!! MKX, TW3, AND NOW ONE OF THE GREATEST GAME FRANCHISES OF ALL TIME FALLS INTO THAT POT!!!!!!!"
,Not Recommended,208650,18815584,"Posted: 1 November, 2015",all,Benj3h,just no
76561198116082247,Not Recommended,208650,16767789,"Posted: 28 June, 2015",all,Beast,"The performance optimization for PC is AWFUL!!! As for gameplay, it's the best game in the series.I don't recommend this game until the performance issues will be fixed."
,Not Recommended,208650,16727654,"Posted: 26 June, 2015",all,Muzlu Pasta,"Welcome screen :""Game not working as it should ? Click this link....""""BUY OUR SEASON PASS !!!"""
,Not Recommended,208650,18823482,"Posted: 1 November, 2015",all,Uncanny,The most fun I had with this game was getting a refund.
,Recommended,208650,24602437,"Posted: 29 July, 2016",all,Personα,"Yea , Batmobile...more like FPS drop-mobile60=> 10 fps , greatNo srsly why did they put such horrible thing in the game ? I mean who asked for a car ?! because of it , bosses are way 2 lame and ez , no more actuall combat , just follow the bad guy with da car and boom....even on foot u wont battle dem fo real so yea kinda disappointed 'bout the bosses . but overall...I liked it so....thumbs up!Worth buyin it in sales ."
,Not Recommended,208650,16740755,"Posted: 27 June, 2015",all,KSweeley,"Would not recommend the PC version of Batman: Arkham Knight at all in it's current state. The PC version of Batman: Arkham Knight is essentially very much like a Steam Early Access game than a finalized product.I've experienced bugs, crashes, graphical issues, very low FPS rates and my computer is pretty high end:Intel Core i7 930 Bloomfield (quad core) CPU14 GB of RAMNVIDIA GeForce GTX 970The game also uses an insane amount of memory on my computer. I have everything closed except Steam and BAK has used around 10 GB of RAM.I'm waiting for Warner Brothers to fix the PC version and suspending sales for the main game is a step in the right direction."
,Not Recommended,208650,16651020,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,South,DO NOT BUY AT THIS TIME.I bought the game on release expecting it to be as good as their previous titles. I ran in to a few issues withing the first few minutes of playing. I have an Nvidia Surround setup with 3 monitors spanning a resolution of 3800x1024Cons:- Bad aspect ration during cut scenes- inconsistent  cut scene vs pre-rendered intro- Dialog lag during rendered cut scenes- Lag / low framerate during fight scenes- Horrible handling of Batmobile- ALMOST NO SETTINGS FOR GRAPHICS. Everything needs to be changed in the config file from what I have been reading.I will play again tonight and update this list. So far I am very dissapointed. Feels like this is a port instead of an optimized game for the PC Platform. This game may be worth buying at a later time once these issues are fixed. But right now my gameplay looks nothing like the screenshots.
76561198028120815,Not Recommended,208650,17286449,"Posted: 29 July, 2015",all,Krombopulos Michael,biggest dissapointment.
,Recommended,208650,21130522,"Posted: 11 February, 2016",all,Klima,"Having played Arkham Asylum and Arkham City (Asylum to near 100%, Arkham City to 100%), I can safely say Arkham Knight is a stellar end to Rocksteady's trilogy of Batman games.I want to focus on the ACTUAL gameplay aspect of the game, and its story (keeping it spoiler-free as much as possible), I'll get the bugs/glitches/etc. out of the way immediately: The game looks amazing at the lowest settings on my Geforce 760, and there has been almost no frame drops and I haven't run into any crashes or major bugs that seemed to plague this game before the rerelease.As for the gameplay aspect. The game play almost just like Arkham Asylum and Arkham City, but this time around Batman has a car - or Batmobile if you will - and fewer gadgets compared to City. You can upgrade both Batman, the Batmobile and your gadgets, just like you expect, and all the upgrades will somehow affect gameplay (I'd recommend upgrading your health, the batmobile health, and then go for upgrades that'll help you with areas you are weak in). At this point, having almost 100% the game, I think the game suffers from a slight degree of feature bloat. The inclusion of the Batmobile has changed your controls, these can of course be rebound back to what you're used to, but there is so much to keep track of all the time and sometimes you'll forget how one gadget works, how an attack is supposed to be executed, which will cost you precious life at times. Other than these complains the game plays well, there is not too much of a difference between AA, AC, and AK, so if you liked the previous entries you'll like this one.The story is thrilling, engaging, and has a lot of nice ""ideas"" to it. I enjoyed both the journey and the end. The game, like AA and AC, has a main story line and side quests for you to complete. To get the ""regular end"" you need to just finish the main story line, after this there are extended endings; one when you complete half of the side quests, and one when you complete all of the side quests (This includes Riddler trophies/challenges). The side quests are divided into simple ""take over this encampment of enemies"" and ""Blow up a bunch of drones"", along with your more intricate and engaging ""villain"" side quests where you investigate the circumstances of... Something, and it leads you to a boss fight in true Batman fashion. There are fewer ""Riddles"" (The ones where you have to photograph something) this time around, but trophies and challenges are plentiful.TL;DR: Game runs fine on a ♥♥♥♥♥♥ mid-range computer, gameplay suffers a little from feature bloat but is otherwise fine, story is engaging and enjoyable, a well written end for the trilogy."
,Not Recommended,208650,16675652,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,Elthran Zero,"Let me begin this story with this; I wish I had framerate issues like the others here.  That's how bad my issues are.I can't seem to get the game to actually go into fullscreen, it keeps forcing the game into Windowed (borderless) despite me trying to change the setting in every location I know.  On top of that, if I try to use an external monitor instead of my laptop's screen the whole game begins to flicker like crazy and I can't do anything unless I unplug my HDMI cable and go back to my default monitor.  When launching the game, it begins running in the background and locks up my rig.  I have a 2015 Razer Blade with all the latest drivers and I've played a ton of different games on here with no issues.  Rocksteady outsourced PC development to a third party and it clearly shows with poor performance across the board with virtually every other gamer out there having issues.Until they issue a major (I'm talking MAJOR) patch, you should not buy this game."
,Recommended,208650,29872037,Posted: 12 February,all,Not Game Pub,"I don't want a long time to describe all, I just love this game"
,Not Recommended,208650,16666905,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,Zonto Man,"No, just no!"
76561198057596725,Not Recommended,208650,16649709,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,mutu2555,Spent hundreds on a GTX 980 to play this game. Even pre ordered the game.One of the Worse decision in my life
,Not Recommended,208650,16649712,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,Toe of Vecna,"I would love to say nice things about it, but I cant even play. The port is just plain broken.My rig: i7 4770k, SLI 770s (I did a clean install of new drivers), 16gb RAM.The game drops to 10 fps whenever the camera moves. Trying the ini fixes for motion blur just causes the game to crash.I requested a refund. Do not buy it in this state."
76561198119039150,Not Recommended,208650,16649731,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,matt21phillips,"I'm sure if i ever had the chance to play the game, it would be fun. This was a terrible oversight and incredibly disappointing. I guess they could just call it the slow-mo version"
,Not Recommended,208650,16657341,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,Spice Miller,Steam's Refund: 5/5This game: 0/5
,Recommended,208650,30288657,Posted: 2 March,all,BrandocusGamer,"Rockesteady's Batman Arkham Series is one of my favorite video game franchises of all time, and Arkham Knight being my favorite overall.I intially bought Batman Arkham Knight back in December of 2015, along with the Season Pass. I paid $90, which is crazy compared to the price now. Although it had its ups and downs, I loved the game. From the open Gotham City, to the unliked, but loved by me Batmobile Fights, and the connections to all the games before it.I have better graphics card now, but when I first played it, I could barely run it at normal settings due to my crappy graphics card, but somehow, I fell in love with the game, and even with the crappy hardware, I got 240% completion.Now due to the bad history, some people reading would say they would turn down this game, but its 2 years later! Rocksteady did adresses most of the bugs, and now it is running much smoother and in my opinion looks better than console graphics.I would recommend the game to you if you loved the series much as I do. If you wanna be the batman as the advertised, jump right in to this epic finale to Rocksteady's masterpiece of a series. #GivLov2BAKPC"
76561197970053471,Not Recommended,208650,19562651,"Posted: 8 December, 2015",all,NightRogue,"I would love to recommend this game.  In fact, I was able to play it just fine on my particular PC.  Well, not GREAT, but with some tweaks here and there, I was able to run a relatively stable 60FPS with AO enabled through tweaks and such, but heavy areas such as when the spores are relased chugged a tad.   I got through it just fine before they released the ""patch"".My PC is an Intel I74770k O/C @ 4.3ghz, with 2 980ti SLI (not that you can use it in B:AK) and 32gb g.skillz @ 2400mhz, playing on a 500gb 850 EVO PRO)However, on my OTHER PC, AMD FX Black 4 core, with a 280x Radeon highly OC'd, I was unable to maintain even 30FPS with any kind of decent consistency.  Even after the ""patch"", it sucked it up.The game itself I liked for the most part, and if you have a console, I recommend renting it from Gamefly or whereever else you might do so.  I do NOT recommend purchasing this game, at all, period.  WB and their ilk need to be taught a lesson; you cannot release this kind of garbage on the public and expect people to continue to buy your crap.  PC players even with the patch STILL GOT HEAVILY SHAFTED due to DLC content not being released anywehere near on time, and before I finally got my refund, I STILL had not received any of the DLC that the console folks got, and I had the season pass of course.First, Assasin's Creed Unity, then this.  I've had it.  No more pre-orders, no more buying of games until post-launch and they have been bug checked, and no more crap PC ports.  I'll torrent the crap first.  You can't sue, you can't demand refunds unless it's an extreme situation like this (steam refunds notwithstanding), I mean we as gamers have ZERO power other than our wallets.  So I say use that power.The game itself I give an 8.5/10, and please, do rent it, it's worth the playthrough.  Just don't buy it, and if you have a PC and you buy this game, there is something wrong with you."
76561197969319633,Not Recommended,208650,16650005,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,Omega,"Ah, Batman, where to start?  I saw the beautiful little diner and the astonishing sight of people in a computer game just beginning their climb out of the Uncanny Valley, I looked upon the little details and the way the rain fell and I smiled at just how smoothly it was running.  Then it crashed.I started it again and, not having reached a checkpoint yet, went back in to that diner.  There was that waitress with the impressive facial animations, I read some some newspaper headlines and then it crashed.I started it again and went back to the diner and watched the television for a minute.  The detail was pretty amazing.  Then it crashed.I started it again and went back to that damned diner with that damned waitress and the damned newspaper headlines and all the rest of it and then it crashed.Then I tried to verify the integrity of the game cache using the tool Steam provides for doing that, it found more than four thousand corrupted files and deleted itself.In short; don't buy it unless you're really, really, weirdly in to games locking up and then deleting themselves with no warning and for no earthly reason.*Edited to fix spelling errors."
,Recommended,208650,25632289,"Posted: 22 September, 2016",all,suisieg,Can only imagine loving this game more if I was actually into Batman. Masterpiece.
76561197974877751,Not Recommended,208650,16659845,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,Mercutio,"This game is broken garbage, as everyone else has mentioned. I will be seeking a refund. Don't buy this game."
,Recommended,208650,31831245,Posted: 18 May,all,Benthebobjr,"Arkham Knight is the fourth and last game in the Arkham franchise. Arkham Asylum and Arkham City were both amazing games. Although Arkham Origins did disappoint me. So when I started playing this game, ready to finish playing all of the Arkham games, I was hoping they could re-create the glory of Arkham Asylum + City and not re-create Arkham Origins. In the simplest way of putting it, its better than Arkham Origins, but not as good as Arkham Asylum or City.Here are the good things about Arkham Knight:The main villain. While a lot of people complain the main villain doesn't live up to the Joker in Asylum or Strange in City... well they are right. Although Scarecrow (main villain) is still a good villain. He could be developed or handled better but being one of my favorite Batman villains I think they handled him well.The combat. Of course the Arkham franchise is known for its great combat and fighting mechanics. The first two games had amazing counter attacks and combos. While Arkham Origins still had the counter attacks and combos it was buggy and unresponsive sometimes, but Arkham Knight fixes that and does have the best combat out of all 4 games. So many new combo moves were added, and it is all smooth (although we will get to how the game runs).Story. The story is not as good, detailed or well developed as Arkham City. It is slightly disappointing in comparison. However it is still a good story, I found myself into the story (unlike Origins). The pacing for the story is also very good, you can really get the sense of the tone it is trying to create.Side missions. It was a change to the way the other games did it, but the way this game handles side missions is very nice. It also fits right into the story without inturrupting in a way that it could've easily done. One of my favorite side missions was the Man-bat one, mainly because of how it starts.----------------------------------------------------------------------------------Although... here is what is bad about this game:Secondary villain. The Arkham Knight is the secondary villain, and even though the game is named after him I call him the secondary villain for various reasons, the main one being Scarecrow is clearly the big bad from the moment you start the game. The Arkham Knight is a character I was excited to see, but when he first shows up I'm wondering when I can get back to playing. The Arkham Knight also does the mysterious villain thing where you don't know who he is. Although it is just so obvious it makes me wonder why Rocksteady even decided to call him The Arkham Knight and not what his regular name would be.The Batmobile. I enjoyed the addition of the Batmobile, and I had a lot of fun driving it around. I would have even made this a positive if it didn't take away from the game as much as it does. There are so many Batmobile tank missions that it gets too excessive. The addition of so many Batmobile tank missions also takes up spots where previous games would've used predator missions. This game actually lacks in the amount of predator missions compared to the previous games mainly because of the Batmobile. However I guess they didn't forget about predator missions because they did decide to add a Batmobile tank predator mission hybrid... yeah.How the game runs. This game in infamous for how it ran on PC. When it launched it was terrible, laggy, glitchy, buggy. However they have fixed a lot of the issues now, but a lot of people will still have preformance issues. I have a good enough PC to run it (if you want to know what PCs can run Arkham Knight smoothly look it up), but considering the existance of this issue, and how many people it must have effected and would still effect, it has to be a negative.Overall, Arkham Knight is a good game. I would play it again and enjoy it again. It is not as good as the original two, but a definite improvement upon Origins. If your PC can handle it I do recommend Arkham Knight, if it can't then I still recommend it, but on a different platform."
76561198118126341,Not Recommended,208650,16641963,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,AeroHybrid,"I was gonna give this a positive review since I'm all hyped for this awesome Batman game but I'm sorry...I just can'tMy laptop and while I've tested the game, the performance and framerate issues are laggy and slow. Even when I try and adjust the FPS it still dosen't workPlease Rocksteady, don't make this the AC Unity of your games, please fix all the problems for the Nvidia and AMD and the performance issues please...Bring some patch notes asap"
76561198013971147,Not Recommended,208650,16642013,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,Kale77,"OK, this is bad......at least for me, and apparently many others too.3.4, GTX 970 4, 16 gigs, Win 7 64. I'm having stuttering that makes this literally unplayable. 2 seconds of single digit framerates, it'll then pause (and I'm not exaggerating--for 4-5 seconds), then resume. Then 3 seconds later, another 2 second freeze. The graphics are not even near the trailer, in fact I don't think this really looks all that far removed from City at its best. There's barely any graphical customization options. Aside from rain, gameworks is greyed out. Texture highest setting is ""normal"". Framerate capped at 30 that only an .ini tweak will fix.W.T.F.??This is either a) the laziest or b) most incompetent PC effort that I've ever seen. The Witcher 3 (which I thought was bad in its technical issues) is a dream in comparison. I'm requesting a refund and getting the PS4 game. Rocksteady will get none of my money for the PC version until it's actualy, y'know.....functional.That said, I've no problem with the game itself. I LOVE the 'mobile in all respects, even the combat, but I seem to be alone on this. From what I've played it was pure Batman Rocksteady bliss, but after I left the a certain area (about 30 minutes in) the game became nigh unplayable. I have to say I'm quite disappointed Rocksteady would allow it to be released like this. I used to think of them as one to take pride in polish, now I don't know how to feel.Developers need to held accountable for believing they can release games like this and get away with it. You cannot release software in this state. Inexcusable."
76561198136469241,Not Recommended,208650,16642210,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,Evil-Magicman,October 28 Patch:- adds season pass content which was supposed to be released 4 months ago.- performance improved ever so slightly- compensation includes all previous arkham games (which most Arkham fans already own)- still unplayable
,Not Recommended,208650,16676922,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,retribution.,30 FPS lock unless ini edit...
76561197975606717,Not Recommended,208650,16688963,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,ecstaticpunk,"Was waiting along time to play this game, what we recieved was a shoddy port that can't handle a steady frame rate, poor performance all round and an overall disappointed fan, requested a refund and got my money back, avoid this like the plague,"
,Not Recommended,208650,16693618,"Posted: 25 June, 2015",all,DeepFry,"So many problems, its such a mess."
76561198055159201,Not Recommended,208650,19200675,"Posted: 21 November, 2015",all,ahmed-elite,"Crahes every time I try to ""Even The Odds"""
,Not Recommended,208650,21540413,"Posted: 28 February, 2016",all,All-Seeing Guy,"It works smoothly, in between many immersion breaking crashes. I'm currenly BEYOND♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥off because I got about 50% of the way into the game before a bug prevented me from progressing. I tried restarting the game, I tried reverting a save, I seem to be the only one WITH the issue and now my save is ♥♥♥♥ed. I don't even want to play any more. If I was still elligible for a refund on this piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥ I'd take it, but now I'm just $70 down the hole with a piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥I don't even want to bother replaying to get my save back.If you're still looking at getting this, a lot of the puzzle situations bank on you noticing something minute or somehow already knowing a game mechanic they haven't told you about. A lot of the reason I even made it through is that it starts giving you hints when you take awhile, and even then that's mostly for the game mechanic related stuff. My problem with this is that a lot of the time the game never asked me to do some of the things I needed to to solve the puzzle until right at that moment, and you pretty much have to wait around and feel stupid unless you know what the mechanics it has never had/let you use are. And even then, some of them dont have any helpful hints at all. In one instance I didn't see a small hole in the wall where a fan was in a heavily damaged hallway for a long time. I got lucky and noticed it just as I was getting almost annoyed enough to quit. It was not obvious, and the point of the puzzle wasn't really supposed to be to find that hole.If you're looking forward to the Batmobile, sometimes it's really fun and feels bad♥♥♥♥♥ Sometimes it controls like♥♥♥♥♥out of nowhere with no real explanation and it loves to wrestle the camera away from you while you drive.The combat is the games strongest point, and it puts a much heavier emphasis on use of your gadgets than the previous games. On the downside, you have to pause the game to switch gadgets through some UI that felt clunky IMO.Some of the writing annoys me as well, like (spoiler alert) having to esentially kill Ra's Al Ghul, or get his daughter who asked for your help killed. Killing him doesn't seem like the Batman thing to do, and not killing him seems to punish you anyway, narrative-wise. THAT BEING SAID, the story is generally really good, although I don't want to play through half the ♥♥♥♥ing game again to fix my save.Some of the game is a little TOO clunky to be excusable. There are too many sections where it's not entirely obvious what you're even supposed to do. I would wonder if I needed gadgets, or I had to go do something else, but it was generally just ""even though you've followed the assassin's blood trail all the way here and it's entirely obvious whose it is, you need to go back and follow it again with your evidene scanner on"" or, just as annoying, ""you're not seeing how to progress because it's a grapple point at a weird angle above you that you have to be standing in an overlerly specific spot for before we'll let you use it, even WHEN you see it.""And I'll just point this out again: the game still crashes pretty commonly. Not enough to totally impede gameplay, but it ruined my immersion and will to play this more than once. Twice the crashes were even bad enough that I had to restart my computer just to get it usable again. They aren't why I'm fed up, but they're also there and VERY annoying. Here's to hoping that, by some miracle, more of this gets fixed. I love Batman and generally, the Arkham series. I know I don't want to bother trying to start from scratch now, though."
,Recommended,208650,29038244,Posted: 5 January,all,Joer5835™,"Batman: Arkham Knight is the third installment (fourth if you include Arkham Origins) in the Batman Arkham Franchise. It was released on june 23, 2015 on PC, Playstation 4 and Xbox One.This game was played on a:GPU: MSI GTX 970 OCCPU: i5-3450 @ 3.1 GHzRAM: 8GB DDR3OS: Windows 7 Home Premium 64-BitStory and settingArkham Knight is set almost directly after the events of Arkham City. Gotham has become unusually quiet after the events of City. That is untill Dr. Jonathan Crane, AKA The Scarecrow, announces his plan to flood Gotham city in fear toxin. His toxins will make everyone hallucinate, making their greatest fears become hauntingly real to them. The police evacuate the city, leaving only the criminals and the shady to still inhabit the city. Batman goes in to investigate Crane's plans and a way to stop him. At the same time, an unknown villain, known only as 'The Arkham Knight' moves into Gotham, occupying what remains of it with his private militia forces. The Arkham Knight is set on finding and killing Batman amidst the chaos.The setting is you would expect from an Arkham game, dark, rainy and the streets are filled with thugs. Unlike previous games, Arkham knight gives you most of the Gotham islands as your playground, an area significantly larger than previous Arkham games. While the main story focusses mainly on Scarecrow and the Arkham Knight, the game has blently of sidequests that involve other villains. Old friends such as Two-face, The Penguin and the Riddler reappear, all set on taking revengence on Batman. The sidequests offer plenty of extra hours of fun and have some really interesting story content attached to it. Some can be a bit tedious, but it is always a joy to take on another villain as the caped crusader.The main story itself is good for about 20-25 hours of content alone and is in my opinion almost equal to the story of City. This game delves deeper into the Dark Knight’s mind than we ever seen before, with fear, guilt and responsibility being central themes to the story as Batman starts doubting more and more if he will make it out of this ordeal alive at all. Scarecrow himself feels like a very dangerous villain, one of the toughest you have had to face yet. The Arkham Knight storyline is a little bit disappointing at times. The reveal of his true identity felt cheap and unoriginal. However, that did not spoil the fun as the story overall is great.GameplayA new Batman game has to bring some fresh new elements into the fold. And Arkham Knight does just that. The game’s main new novelty is the introduction of the Batmobile. The Batmobile offers fast travel around the city and is also necessary for some puzzles. The introduction feels fresh and natural, but becomes a bit tedious after a while. Rocksteady is proud of including the Batmobile and this shows. The Batmobile is shoehorned into a vast majority of the game’s mechanics and puzzles. While fresh at first, it simply becomes tedious after a while. Mainly because the controls aren’t that great. The Batmobile becomes unstable and hard to steer during fast chases and races (yes, the game includes Batmobile races). This is a shame, because it was a preventable mistake.The other elements of Batman, puzzling, detective work, hand combat and stealth, are all there. They have been left largely the same as they were in Arkham City. The main change in these situations is the inclusion of some new enemy types (medics) and some new equipment for enemies, such as spy drones and gun turrets. The freeflow combat system still works like a charm and is a beauty to behold. Beating up a group of 20 thugs as Batman never gets old. That said, the AI of the enemies feels significantly dumbed down compared to previous games. On normal difficulty, many enemies during stealth sequences just walked around alone, oblivious of their surroundings. At least in Origins, enemies would check vantage points and grates to see if you were hiding there, which made movement important. In Knight, you can sit in one spot and pick enemies off one by one. The game does feel a bit easier in stealth sequences than it did in previous games.Technical AspectRocksteady received significant criticism during the release of the PC version of Arkham Knight. It was locked at 30 fps, crashed often and simply didn’t work very well on even the most powerful PC. After 1,5 years, I did not encounter any of these issues. The game ran fine on 60 fps on a reasonably powerful machine with most settings cranked up all the way to high or ultra. The only issue I encountered was a memory leak which caused my game to slow down, which I later found out was because I left my browser (Google Chrome) open with 5 tabs opened. A quick restart and closing down my browser did the trick. That said, the game does experience some severe fps drops when you are travelling at high speed in the Batmobile or in the air. However, this is likely my system not being fast enough in order to load the gameworld in time.Graphics wise, the game looks stunning. Rain creates a beautiful atmosphere and Batman’s cape and armour actually becomes wet when you stand outside in the rain. The game has some amazing facial animations for its characters. The only downside to these graphics is that they fall into a pit many modern games are falling: bad AA. The Antialiasing just isn’t very good in Arkham Knight, creating a somewhat blurred picture when you stand a few feet from an object or person. However, this is the only issue I have with the graphics.ConclusionArkham Knight is a solid Batman game and a worthy conclusion to the franchise. It doesn’t do things overly different from previous games, but then again that is not what you want from a Batman game. It makes you feel like the Dark Knight and it makes you feel for him. It has some questionable design choices, but nothing that prevents it from being an enjoyable experience.8.5/10"
76561198030016795,Not Recommended,208650,16657991,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,Nuka,"Refunded this game, FX-8350, and 2 GTX 780 Ti's 16GB on my 2560 x 1080, fps was all over the place crashed on loading the game. So gutted will wait or just get it on console."
,Recommended,208650,30526268,Posted: 15 March,all,Rj0lnir,"Best Rocksteady made Arkham game made in terms of graphics and effects, second best in terms of gameplay and action. But that ""best"" accolade comes with quite high system requirements. Also, I really recommend playing this game installed on a SSD, or you will suffer long loading times and stuttering caused by in-game loading. Otherwise, if you have a system to provide 60 FPS, you will love the way this game looks.Everything, including DLC's are very worthwhile to play, never feels like wasting time (except Riddler riddles, but that's me).I should thank Rocksteady for making these games, they are all (including Origins, which is not Rocksteady made but still good, imo) masterpieces in my book."
76561197985707792,Not Recommended,208650,17704025,"Posted: 24 August, 2015",all,Prototype027,"I usually don’t write reviews, but I had to express my disappointment.No patch, no thumb. Every time i open Steam and see an automatic download, i rush to see the details, just to be disappointed. August is ending and still no patch, if they would have said this game was an early access game, it’d have had more sense."
,Recommended,208650,23845757,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,Axies the Collector,"Game is much improved sense the dumpster fire of a launch. Aside from the pre-renderd cut scenes being locked to 30fps its pretty damn nice. A downside (kinda) is the max you can output is 90fps which is good, but would be cool if no cap was in place.  That said on ground I average 75fps with everything max aside from Gameworks dynamic fog and paper debris. In the bat mobile its more variable with heavy combat going to low 40s, and just cruising being in the upper 50’s to low 60’s. Hope this helps.-Specs-i7 920 @ 2.6 ghz12 gb ddr3gtx 970 sscwin10 64bit"
,Recommended,208650,25588016,"Posted: 19 September, 2016",all,Nikatine,"Running a EVGA Nvidia 1070, i7 6700, and installed on a fast Samsung SSD.Can totally tell it's a port. Graphics look pretty, but physics are terrible (""squirming"" hair, jittery cords, and twitchy boobs). Frame rate drops slightly at intensive scenes. Generally very poorly optimized.Story is great, and there are a decent number of side missions. And the batmobile is cool as hell."
,Recommended,208650,23799688,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,DaPhuuLz,"I've never been this much Batman before.I have only played for 3 hours before i write this review. because the game is exciting and feel so good the stories, the characters, the combats, the performance, the graphics, the control. I must recommend this game. also the Premium Edition is totally worth it (because it's summer sale!!).When the game launch. I heard a lot of praise from ppl who play it on the console version. and i looked forward for the game (didn't pre-order, of course) Then the Disasterous Launch on PC happend. months and months later still no good news this game disappeared from my wishlist.1 year later. things seems to be doing better for the game. Still see some ppl with AMD having problems trying to play the game (what a shame).But right now, My GTX 970 can run this game so smoothly and beautifully with all those special Nvidia effects on.The Gameplay is Amazing. Make me feel so much batman with all the toys we are able to use. the combat and control seems to be the improved version of the previous titles. I don't know how to explain it but the combat control feels better somehow.overall i'd say this one is the best of the series. and you wouldn't want to miss it.-Recommended-now, i have to go save my City."
76561197983653850,Not Recommended,208650,16708808,"Posted: 25 June, 2015",all,Snitch Killa,Practically unplayable in current state. Do not buy this game.
76561197970281491,Not Recommended,208650,16675639,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,[VFI]Ganjdalf,It's a broken down mess. i urge everyone to wiat till they get it fixed.
76561198106990076,Recommended,208650,29530528,Posted: 27 January,all,ItsYeBoiHazza,good game tbf
,Not Recommended,208650,16654184,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,Garenator,"Edit 2: So now the game is back up for sale, still not a great port. Still has issues when gliding or driving, still crashes sometimes. RS/WB are also making zero effort to remedy people who already bought the game before they fixed. Even Ubisoft had the sense to give out free content with the ACU fiasco. WB doesn't care about their fans, just their fan's money. Wait until this goes on sale to get it. Such a sad end to what was for a while one of my favorite game series.-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------Edit: And now the PC patch ""in august"" is actually just an update on what to expect on that patch. Patch wont be here until september at the easliest. ♥♥♥♥ WB and ♥♥♥♥ Rocksteady. The fact that this game needs so much work done that they haven't even gotten a patch out in over 2 months just makes it that much more unforgiveable that they released it in the first place.________________________________________________________________Terrible port, my GTX 980 often dips into slideshow fps, thankfully I've yet to crashWB and Rocksteady have, so far, done nothing to fix any of the performance issues. They've made two updates, one to apologize and say they take these issues that ""some"" users are experiencing very seriously, and another to apologize again and to ""inform"" us that they wont be releasing DLC for a game currently suspended from steam sales...And they also announced that they will be changing their internal review process because of this launch.So the horrible PC launches they had in the past weren't enough to make them do this? MK9, MKX, Arkham Origins? Even Arkham city launched with a bug that would delete your save file.Thank GabeN for steam refunds, now they can't get away with this♥♥♥♥♥♥anymore"
,Recommended,208650,35466207,Posted: 4 October,all,Taco King,"Good game, good story, great graphics, bad port.If you have €18 to spend, get the game.The only bad thing about this game, even after being out for two years is the fact that it's still stuttery and has a tendency to crash, it's worse if you play in windowd mode, borderless or not, I reccommend you play in Full Screen to keep the crashing to a minimum, think I had 3 crashes overall in the 30 hours it took to beat the game.6.5/10"
,Recommended,208650,26200537,"Posted: 24 October, 2016",all,GandalfWisdom,"It's an amazing game! People put it down because it used to crash, but they fixed it. I havent had a problem since I started playing! I have been playing non stop and am addicted to it! The Dark Knight's identity reveal was a very emotional part of the story. I'm very happy with this game.Side note: The Batmobile is overused but it is sooooo fun.Another side note: Yes the Joker is in this game!"
76561198123387727,Not Recommended,208650,16651839,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,TSU_DothRah,"I have a PC that exceeds the requirements (even the new ones that they released yesterday) as well as the new AMD drivers and I can't even get through the opening sequence. It just crashes every time. Even on the lowest settings it's unplayable.I'm getting a refund, I recommend anybody else who has bought the game does the same. It's the only way that developers and publishers will learn.If you haven't bought it yet: DO NOT BUY THIS GAME UNTIL IT GETS FIXED!!!!"
76561198137916356,Not Recommended,208650,16696026,"Posted: 25 June, 2015",all,RradcirclesS,"Complete story, side-missions, and Season of Infamy on both Game and Game+ to unlock locked skin. Enjoy the ♥♥♥♥♥♥ port, gamers! :)"
,Not Recommended,208650,16696223,"Posted: 25 June, 2015",all,Arkantor,I CANT PLAY THIS GAME WTF !!
76561197993298789,Not Recommended,208650,16695478,"Posted: 25 June, 2015",all,Xeikai77,"So,  After playing the game long enough to void my refund right i'm going to go ahead and just sum up my review into just a few words.As far as the game goes,  If you have the means, get it for PS4, or Xbox1.  The game is a brilliant end to the batman games and is extreamly well done.That being said my enjoyment of the game was severly handycapped by the numerous problems with the PC version of the game, after editing the INI file preformance improved however the game suffers from massive pauses and deteriorating frame rate decreasing which causes the game's preformance to get worse over time which is fixed by restarting the game.So, is the game worth the money right now for pc users?   No, not untill these issues are fixed,"
,Not Recommended,208650,16652040,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,Pixelationist,Start game.Walk around.60fps.Get in batmobile.Watch frames plummet.Exit game.Thanks WB!
76561198163334322,Not Recommended,208650,16695436,"Posted: 25 June, 2015",all,Shere Khan,"Absolutely horrendous things happen when I try to launch this game. The screen cuts to black, and then begins cutting in and out, the picture alternating between pitch black and the Batman Arkham Knight opening credits - I see these in flashes (they look to be what they're supposed to be, based on all the shots I've seen in the press) - but I am unable to select anything, and even Task Manager becomes mired in this mess - if I try to end task, nothing happens, and I can only let the horror show resume. Subsequent tests reveal there's nothing wrong with my system (i7-4720, GTX 970 card) - so I'm pretty disappointed. Not that you can, now that it's been pulled - but DON'T buy this game for PC."
76561198011296582,Not Recommended,208650,16651765,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,Dashie,"This game is horrible.Yes the benchmark is fine but game performance is horrible.Looking at my GTX 980 Strix whit GPU-Z max usage was 87% when i was in open world and on standard when im fighting,walking,riding batmobile its 60% to 70% usage not to mention that VRAM is trought the roof whit no reason(i dont use MSAA)http://gpuz.techpowerup.com/15/06/23/dzx.png"
,Not Recommended,208650,16651589,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,El Auti',"Lots of problems only fixable by searching around the .ini files, I would recommend just waiting for patches."
76561198042558899,Not Recommended,208650,16667933,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,Malevolence93,"Worst PC port I have seen in a while. Shame on Rocksteady and shame on WB. Do not buy, play The Witcher 3 instead."
,Not Recommended,208650,17497392,"Posted: 11 August, 2015",all,JonnyDregs,"Pre-purchased this game, would be lucky to have maybe 15 minutes accrude in play time. Won't even make it past the intro even on low settings. #ArkhamFail"
76561197969678034,Not Recommended,208650,17479831,"Posted: 10 August, 2015",all,SpiritOne,"I pre-ordered Arkham Knight because the previous 2 Rocksteady Games (Arkham Assylum & Arkham City) were spectacular. Arkham Origins was not only farmed out, but used a different voice actor for Batman. I had very high expectations from Arkham Knight. It does not live up to expectations and this has nothing to do with the many reported problems with the game. In 54 hours of gameplay, I only had about a half dozen or so lockups. Yeah, that's a half dozen too many, but as long as I started the game after a fresh restart, I could play for hours with no problems.No, where Arkham Knight fails is the gameplay and the story. I can't help but feel like this whole thing was rushed from start to finish. It's VERY repetitive, something the other Arkham games excelled at not being. Two Face, is literally treated like a common thug. His presence in this game is even questionable. The Firefly sequence is absolutely identical all 3 times and all 3 times its terrible. Finding Penguins trucks is equally as repetitive and equally as idiotic. The previous Arkham games shined on both story and gameplay. While some new Batman mechanics are nice, the story is lackluster and the repetitive gameplay makes for unexciting and often boring sequences that you feel like you've already done.I took my time and explored this nicely laid out city, but the truth is, this is not a good game. If you want a good Batman experience, go play Assylum or City.tl;dr - it's repetitive. villiams are underused. it's repetitive."
,Not Recommended,208650,17465730,"Posted: 9 August, 2015",all,delmuerte,"I hate this ♥♥♥♥ing game. No matter what they do to fix it, the Batmobile will always drive like a piece of batshit."
,Not Recommended,208650,17528620,"Posted: 13 August, 2015",all,Rorschach,The only good part of this game was when they blew up the batmobile. Unfortunately they undid that by immediately replacing it with a backup one. I am still trying to get my money back for the season pass that has not been fufilled. I normally pick up games on sale and this was my first AAA pre-order along with a season pass. This is also my last. Thanks WB games.
,Not Recommended,208650,18844569,"Posted: 2 November, 2015",all,Mariah Wolves,"Seems nothing changed, it runs ok on my pc, but I lose the will to play it. Maybe some time later I may get it again."
76561198025204021,Not Recommended,208650,16654909,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,Metric,"Stuttering, FPS issues, cant even connect a controller to play the game."
76561198034680665,Not Recommended,208650,16678905,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,Imran_Away92,First and foremost this game is kinda awful for setting wise there's hardly any options to change the look of the game and its freaking capped to 30 fps for systems that are above and beyond the min specs for this game. on top of this they've added insult to injury by having this lame♥♥♥♥♥♥DLC system and season pass which cost as much as a normal game.  The game also has some weird crashes and massive fps drops take it from someone running SLI GTX 980 G1.  WHAT TAKES FREAKING♥♥♥♥♥♥On this is the fact that they have a crappy business practise of Feeding you this season pass ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t all these DLC should of been free and in game instead of cutting it out of the end game making it somewhat lackluster.
,Recommended,208650,25612717,"Posted: 20 September, 2016",all,Articuno,"This game runs stable with an i3 4150 and a gtx 750ti medium setting (low texture) on 900p, enough said."
76561198069459981,Not Recommended,208650,18831317,"Posted: 1 November, 2015",all,MEGA mini TwIg,"To start off, I've loved this series since the beginning. It revolutionized superhero games. But this lack luster send off was without a doubt the lowest point of the series. I'm not just refering to the version on pc but the story as well. Now, it did have some awesome moments but they were only moments. The rest of the time i was annoyed by constant tank battles and very disapointing boss fights. So as a final verdict, don't buy this game."
76561197993688258,Not Recommended,208650,18752008,"Posted: 29 October, 2015",all,moonlightwolf,"Despite me loving every other core Arkham game even Origins I cannot bring myself to recomend this one.The performance is obviously the most well publicised issue. Even after months of patching this game runs very poorly on some machines. I was one of the few lucky ones who had tolerable performance from the start but it was barely tolerable. The patches have improved things a lot for me and the game now runs at fairly steady 50fps, not perfect but a good improvement however there are plenty of people reporting little to no improvement on their systems.The story in Arkham Knight is quite possibly my favourite to date, going to some very interesting and surprising places even if the Arkham Knight's identity quickly becomes obvious to anyone even partially familiar with the batman mythos. It is a shame therefore that the surrounding game leaves so much to be desired. Combat is still the same great arkham formular with enough variation to keep things interesting but don't expect any great innovations. The batmobile on the other hand is brand new and quickly outstays its welcome. From its obtuse control scheme to the way it is hamfistedly inserted into every aspect of gameplay you quickly begin to loathe the frequent sections that require its use. I would often find myself examining at a puzzle or situation for several minutes before realising that, no I don't need to use any of batman's gadgets I just need to call the batmobile and make it shoot things. The game becomes less be the Batman and more be the remote controlled tank. This thing should have been left as a means of transport and nothing more.Playable characters have also been stripped back in the game. While previous games allowed for full control of catwoman (and Robin during a DLC) these characters are relegated to partners, allowed only allowed to be switched to during specific combat situations. Their movesets also seem to have been reduced from Arkham city. I found former combo moves and some gadgets missing from catwoman, nightwing and robin.Speaking of missing things the game has lost challenge mode, replacing it with the vastly inferior AR challenges many of which are character locked. While the brawl challenges feel pretty similar the predator challenges are hugely stripped down and are entirely character specific. Side missions are also fairly neglected with many villaneous favourites relegated to short, unsatisfying missions often ending in lackluster boss fights one of which is directly cloned from a main story mission as if to highlight the lack of effort in the sidequest design.Actually lack of effort seems to sum up a lot of this game, from the poor PC optimisation to the lackluster side missions. Only the main storyline feels like it had effort put in. That and their bizzare quest to shoehorn the batmobile into every gameplay mechanic.A huge disapointment."
,Not Recommended,208650,18752751,"Posted: 29 October, 2015",all,ThatJoshGuy,"Bought on re-release.  I'd heard the horror stories of bugs and crashes, but assumed they would be fixed.  They are not. I7, GTX670, WIN 10, 8GB ram.  game will run for about 5-10 minutes before crashing.  Dropped all settings to low and still a no go.  Submitting case for refund."
76561198009112512,Not Recommended,208650,18752360,"Posted: 29 October, 2015",all,Cathorian,"Game started stuttering and audio breaking up in the opening cinematic. Immedaitely closed it, uninstalled, and requesting a refund. Still broken despite months of work."
76561197992275481,Not Recommended,208650,16643984,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,Tarwater,I had to start it continually through crashes just to get to 5 minutes so I could review this.  LMAO
76561197992654761,Not Recommended,208650,16647917,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,sillywabbit,I'll come back and modify my review if this game ever gets fixed. So far its looking pretty awesome except for the fact that it runs horrible. I would barely consider the game playable with all the frame rate dips in its current state. The game needs to be patched with further pc optimizations or just recoommend a 980ti  for system requirements.
76561198045316873,Not Recommended,208650,16643934,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,Oli Papa Juan,"Crappy console port, awesome game series but sadly made for the PS4 and Rocksteady doesn't even seem to care about PC users.. 30 fps, terrible optimizing and so forth"
,Not Recommended,208650,16643995,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,Phublup,only buy this if you like pulling out your hair. save the ache and buy it on a console of your choosing...
76561198171814541,Not Recommended,208650,16646472,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,Jackerwokki,"you would think that a developer such as rocksteady (who is known for a certain level of quality) could at least ship a game that works. The product that we recieve is instead a hot mess. laggy gameplay, a 30 fps cap in a 2015 title, audio glitches, and often times the game will not even start up properly. I love the arkham series, but i cannot in good faith recommend this to anyone. only time will tell if they can fix this with a patch."
,Not Recommended,208650,16643648,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,mrCK,"Unfortunately, as you might find in every review, Arkham Knight comes with alot of gamebreaking flaws on release. Crashes, FPS drops. Because of these things alone, it's best to not touch this right now atleast until a patch, while thankfully Steam gives refunds, it's best not to pay for it and flip a coin on whether or not it'll run with your setup.Outside of that, it has the potential to be a great game from what i played, just, sadly, some Technical decisions by Rocksteady complete ruin it as well (Such as fps locking it), which, while it's simple to get around, shouldn't really require us to alter files to get.So; Wait until it's patched, or if you have the luxury, play it on a console. The PC version currently is a roulette on whether or not any or all problems will creep up in your game."
,Not Recommended,208650,16667505,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,BiffRoxx,I'll revisit the recommendation when Rocksteady corrects the PC issues.
,Not Recommended,208650,16649555,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,Shirto,the batmobile destroys everything in it's path inlcuding your framerate
76561198093931810,Not Recommended,208650,20202661,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,Foss,One of my most hyped games ever. Sadly I do not reccommend picking up this title for the PC just yet. It's sad that the finale to the greatest Batman games ever devoloped went to this point. I hope things will change and I will be able to play this game eventually. Cross my fingers...
76561197976023437,Not Recommended,208650,16665163,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,StormShad0w80,"The QA team that did the ""Testing"" for this game should be let go for letting this ""pass"" their testing. So many issues in this game it isn't even funny."
76561198069102591,Not Recommended,208650,18787691,"Posted: 31 October, 2015",all,djb190,"This game clearly wasn't ready for a re-release. I can't even start it in fullscreen mode on my laptop due to a rendering bug that still needs to be fixed. On my desktop machine I have a GTX 970 and intel core i7 950 with 16GB of memory but even these specs aren't good enough to play comfortably. Strangely I've noticed more stuttering than usual after applying the October patch, especially when Batman is roaming around Gotham City. Switching to the lowest graphic settings available doesn't make too much of a difference either. Hopefully there are more patches on the way."
76561197997076680,Not Recommended,208650,17640344,"Posted: 21 August, 2015",all,Taranus,"This is really difficult to say because I was so excited for this game.  Graphics and performance issues aside (that's a really big thing to ignore) the game itself wasn't as enjoyable as I hoped it would be.  I was blown away by Arkham Asylum and floored by Arkham City, but Arkham Knight just felt more frustrating than fun.  I thoroughly enjoyed playing with the other heroes and had a blast doing coop with the AI in brawling and predator mode.  I really wish there were more sequences like that.  As for the batmobile, I never really got used to the mechanics and the most frustrating times that stick out with Arkham Knight revolve around the batmobile for me.  If you're like me and one of the many fans who wanted more from Rocksteady, I'd say its a lot like Arkham City, but with more frustration combined with a decent story to conclude the series.  If you're a new comer to the Arkham series, pick up Arkham City which is a better game than this one in my opinion"
76561198104630899,Not Recommended,208650,20940761,"Posted: 3 February, 2016",all,tmkennedy2013,"R9 290X. Absolute lowest settings. 30fps drop every single muthafudging time I grapple or move the camera. What an absolute joke (and not of the killing type).  This kills me as a huge fan of not just Arkham but all things batman. I was so ready to experience the game, but this may be the one I'll never get unless it gets some SERIOUS love from programmers who know what the heck they're doing."
76561198184751550,Not Recommended,208650,16663899,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,Mothman667,"The game seems to have a lot of error: it says that my pc does not meet the minimum requirements, but I have an nvidia gtx970, 8gb ram and i7; also when I start the game it crashes or does not display properly.I hope they fix all errors, I really hoped to play this game as soon as it came out :("
76561198095719139,Not Recommended,208650,16666807,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,dolanry11771,"Do not buy this game right now. It is a disgrace to the PC platform and it spits in the face of fans of this series. This was supposed to be a PC showpiece title with all this special Nvidia gameworks bells and whistles added on top. Instead we got a totally shoddy port that constantly stutters, has negative SLI scaling (the game actually performs worse at times if you have two GPUs), and is actually missing certain graphical effects from the console version!!Maybe they release a patch and the game will suddenly run nicely but I highly doubt it. No communication from the developers and I bet that this will take a long time to get in an acceptable condition, assuming they will provide post-laucnh support. If they want to sell any of their horribly overpriced DLCs I would think it would be in their best interest to fix this game."
,Recommended,208650,22084475,"Posted: 27 March, 2016",all,Banagher,"Well apart from the bugs, its still a good batman game. Althought with all the bugs that might not ever get fixed (terrible port tbh). ONLY and i repeat ONLY get this game when its on sale even though it's price was reduced. Overall its a fun game. Lets hope next time they release a game, it wont be this buggy.Again.. only buy this game when its on sale."
,Not Recommended,208650,19351438,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,Mr. Snufflekins,10/10 Best Batman slideshow you will ever see!
76561198060806210,Not Recommended,208650,16645239,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,ryan,"30 FPS Cap  why ? But I removed the cap but I dont understand why devs feel like pc games should be fps capped! their so lazy they forgot PC's should have no capNo anti aliasing options but SMAA . Not many graphics optionsThe Harely Quinn pre order dlc was somewhat too short, every dlc mission is like that only 15-20 minutes not worth it!"
76561198097363083,Not Recommended,208650,16654701,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,djkris,"I've put together a new PC system after nearly a decade, just so I can play this game in all it's glory. Boy, I was wrong!Based on my experience with the previous titles (I even enjoyed the maligned ""Origins""), this was my first pre-order. I know that many games have day-1 issues, but, come on, this is Rocksteady! My system specs areIntel Core i5 3.4 GHzGTX 970 4GB2x4GB 1600mhz Crucial Ballistix RAMInstalled on a Samsung SSD 840 EVO 250GBWell, from the intro, the video/game engine was a bit stuttery, but as soon as you confronted the ""smoking guy"" at the diner, the game crashed due to ""low memory"". OK, it can happen.As soon as the camera zoomed on Batman surveying the city, the camera movements were losing frames. The very impressive seamless change from cut-scene to game, as seen in trailers and promo, was erratic. I tried to deactivate various Gameworks features but the issues persisted. I changed the .ini file in order to have 60fps and it seems to work but there are small and big bugs, causing this to be far from the thrilling experience I expected it to be. It takes away all the joy I had about my new PC and the game.While I KNOW there will be fixes and updates (the uproar is too big to ignore), I am seriously considering a refund and buying the game later on a s sale."
76561198108274988,Not Recommended,208650,16707561,"Posted: 25 June, 2015",all,Leviathan,two titan x's in sli and still barely keeping over 30 FPS after editing the ini file.
76561198008745636,Not Recommended,208650,20818964,"Posted: 28 January, 2016",all,Lichmaster,"the game ran rather well on my rig (16gb ram, i7 core, nvidia 670 gpu) but I found the game to predictable, and in some repsects labored... you were forced to use the vehicle far more than was necessary. it was kind of cool at first but then when most every boss battle you were stuck using that instead of actual hand to hand combat (like they did in origins) it really bummed out the whole experience for me. dont even get me started on the riddler races or trophies... in previous games they were challenging and somewhat annoying sure, but you felt like you actually achieved something when you were done collecting them. on knight however I hated finding and getting each one. I seriously loathed finding them.  the game has a few sweet spots on their delivery and it has some decent challenges, however with this one... it almost feels like they took to many cool things that batman can do and tried to shove as much of it into the game as they possibly could to the point where things felt a little over done... the ""keep it simple stupid"" montra in my opinion should have been leaned on a bit more in the areas it wasnt and used less in the areas it was heavily incorporated.  anyways thats my opinion. do with it as you will."
,Not Recommended,208650,18733985,"Posted: 28 October, 2015",all,Rev,Still broken five months on. Truely pathetic.
76561198043078908,Not Recommended,208650,18821731,"Posted: 1 November, 2015",all,Pompey,"Arkham Knight had a great story however the game is very diffucult to play due to fps lag and other issues such as bad lip sync (for me) however it remains very diffucult to play (at least for me) however if you do wish to get the game then do so since it's great, but do so at your own risk. Warner Bros have been very sincere and generous in their numerous apologies and offers to the steam community and for that I thank them."
76561198075174593,Recommended,208650,34147682,Posted: 10 August,all,7christian32,to anyone having the server problem when launcing the game there is a simple solution to it. when the error code comes up  click next and open the link (make sure your main browser is internet explore. you can change it by going to windows settings and go to apps and default apps) once you get to the website there should be a long code which you will have to copy and paste in the error window. after you have pasted it and pressed finish it should start the game.please excuse my spelling english is not my first language so sorry if i misspelled some words hope that it helps you get your game to work
76561197968493387,Not Recommended,208650,35388939,Posted: 1 October,all,Cassius,"Picked this up on sale over the weekend, and I'm already a bit disappointed. The story is good, but there are far too many breaks in the action to really enjoy it as a game. Every time you get a flow going, the action is broken up by a cut scene. So much so that I'm starting to lose interest in the story, and find Oracle and Gordon more and more annoying.The tutorials are frustrating because you often see the screen-tip just before you fail, meaning you'll have to re-run several of them many times just to know what buttons you'll need to press to complete. PC players might as well just pick up an XBox controller, because as with most ports, this doesn't play very well on mouse and keyboard. You'll find tutorials very frustrating without a controller, and the button combinations for keyboard are overly complex and communicated too quickly on the screen to be of use.All in all, I enjoy the same so far for its gorgeous visuals and decent story, but I'm disappointed that the gameplay isn't more intuitive and isn't as fluid as it could be with the story. This is a ""play-then-watch"" type game, with only a few minutes of play action between each longer-than-the-action cut scene. Very frustrating.I would recommend this game for those like me who have played other games in the series and want to continue the story, but if this is your first foray into the Arkham games, go with Arkham Asylum instead."
76561198011984677,Recommended,208650,21572407,"Posted: 1 March, 2016",all,BraastadXO,"The PC-port of the game had a rough start from a technical point of view, and for that reason I did not play anything beyond the first chapter after release.I recently picked it up again after the game have received lots of patching and re-work from Rocksteady. I have now completed 100% of the objectives and ran into no technical issues at all.The story is awesome, playing as Batman is awesome, combat is awesome. More takedown-possibilities, new gadgets to play around with and once again tons and tons of Riddles to solve.You also have the option to drive the Batmobile around Gotham, which also is a great feature, but unfortunately it is somewhat badly executed. You have the option to turn your car into ""battle-mode"" and fight other drones that way, but in my opinion, they went abit over the top. There are simply too many of them.Any DLC skins you may or may not have obtained are usable from the get-go apart from the vehicle-skins that does not support battle-mode (These are however available for free-roam after you've completed the main storyline).Overall I rank this game as a worthy completion of the trilogy from Rocksteady, in spite of the overuse of tank-battles."
76561198203036278,Not Recommended,208650,16654962,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,estebee,"It has bugs, and all you want, but I'm actually more worried about my card, I'm not a tech sabby guy, and as you can probably guess, my card is an intel HD graphics card, I already spent 90 bucks on this game and I'm more than game (no pun intended) to wait for patches, fixes, updates, etc. but my friends, keep telling me I'm doomed because of my card, eveything else in my PC is just fine, but I'm worried as frick if this doesn't work I don't know what I'll do! Is there a possibiity for me to ease my mind! ???"
,Not Recommended,208650,16729180,"Posted: 26 June, 2015",all,Sarklor,"Update after it was put back on Steam:So the ""re-release"" still has serious performance problems, especially if you're on Windows 10, where Rocksteady's solution is ""just have 12 gigs of memory"". To add insult to injury, by way of half-arsed apology they're handing out copies of the other Batman games, which you probably already own if you're playing the final episode. Poor show. Very poor show.Oh, and a bunch of reviews are now marked ""early access"" or ""pre-release"", which is just a damn lie. The game was released when those reviews were made, and it was a MESS.Update: I tried the DLC that they spent so much time pushing with pre-order begging. You'd have to try hard to make the Harley episode last longer than 10 minutes. I saw the Red Hood DLC on a friend's console, and that's the same. They're just the Campaign Challenges from previous Arkham games, but shorter and less satisfying. Very disappointing and quite insulting after the ridiculous advertising they put behind them.Original review:There's a decent game in there (The first half of the story is genuinely amazing, and while it peters out after that, the mechanics are solid enough to enjoy*), but the performance issues are terrible; I had textures that looked like they might be at home on a Playstation 2 game and still couldn't it to run smoothly, while Witcher 3 will quite happily run on the same setup with most of the options on high or better. I should be getting at least the same kind of quality as you see on, say, the XBox version, but it just isn't happening.I couldn't recommend this game until it has been properly optimised to run at a respectable frame rate. Even then, I'd hesitate; Performance is terrible across all hardware configurations, and that isn't some random bug that could be easily missed. Rocksteady and Warner Bros *knew* that performance was terrible, but they went ahead and released it at €50 anyway, or damn near €100 for the ""premium"" edition. That's a very deliberate action that shows they just don't care about PC releases.*Except the Batmobile. Now, maybe it genuinely handles like a drunken shopping trolley, or maybe it was down to the abysmal performance issues, but it just wasn't satisfying to drive anywhere. I stuck to flying about unless I was forced to use the car."
76561198065104803,Not Recommended,208650,21551255,"Posted: 29 February, 2016",all,WickedRichy,Awesome game. When I started playing I had no performence issues which was great because of all the bad reviews. Now at 65%  playthrough it has become unplayable. The screen freezes every 30 seconds for 1-3 seconds.Got GTX780. NVIDIA Geforce Experience optiomized the graphics on normal and  I put the fps on 60.I tried fixing the freezes by putting everything on low and fps on 30 but that even seems to make it worse.Its a shame because its the best batman game so far and I've played and enjoyed all of them. Hope this will some day get fixed.
76561198025336550,Recommended,208650,25433196,"Posted: 9 September, 2016",all,-HaVoC-Tzu-,"Only recommend getting this game if you have an SSD and a good video card.The gameplay is pretty fun, but when i tried to install this on my HDD the video would pause every few seconds and it was quite annoying, so i had to reinstall it on my SSD, and now it runs great."
,Not Recommended,208650,19348772,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,Yeet,"Very broken, even after the 'patch'."
76561197986266524,Not Recommended,208650,16682560,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,Legion,"Although I don't have any issues running the game with my 970. I will still not recommend this game due to the sales practices of WB.: Vendor exclusives, Season passes, preorder exclusives.Get this on sale or the GOTY edition.I love Batman, I love the Arkham series, but I felt extorted into preordering to get the complete game and I keenly feel the season pass ""hard sell"" with the ingame adds."
76561198072047752,Not Recommended,208650,18801847,"Posted: 31 October, 2015",all,Zancesty,"DO NOT BUY!!! The game was released in June even though Rocksteady knew there were many game issues. Four months later and their ""game fixing patch"" has not fixed issues, in some cases making the game run worse. Full refunds are being offered on this game so that tells you how flawed a product this is"
,Not Recommended,208650,18806489,"Posted: 31 October, 2015",all,netbard,"Installed new version. Game crashes before you even get to the bat-signal. Uninstall for refund, I'm done waiting for this."
76561198052921720,Not Recommended,208650,16811997,"Posted: 30 June, 2015",all,agentarcher,"Steam is a mess.  Account access is rediculous.  I had a dispute with a completely different game, so until that is resolved I can't play Batman?  This pc port is terrible.  Graphics are barely stable.  Game freezes and crashes constantly.  Going to play it on Xbone now.  Steam get your crap together."
,Not Recommended,208650,16668385,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,Pusschinki is my city,"Framerate makes the game unplayable once the batmobile first comes out. Simply doesn't work worth anything. I can't believe they would actually just ♥♥♥♥ over the PC community with these framerates and low resolution graphics.Extremely dissapointed. Beyond dissapointed, I'm so sad this is just absolute crap. Had so much potential but it just runs like♥♥♥♥♥♥ Wtf, Waner Bros. Where are your standards?"
76561198039422270,Not Recommended,208650,16897552,"Posted: 5 July, 2015",all,crdowning,"It works fine on my computer, but to be honest, this game is just not as good as its predecessors.  The Batmobile is used to the point of overkill.  The city design feels convoluted and doesn't really make much sense.  The enemies are largely boring compared to Arkham City, espeically the ""street thugs,"" who just run around on the street like ants for no apparent reason.  The aspects of the previous games that I loved so much, like predator mode or solving Riddler puzzels, just aren't as much fun this time around.  I'm 28% through the game and I'm really just bored with it."
76561197988469358,Not Recommended,208650,17543336,"Posted: 14 August, 2015",all,Dave,"Boring game. Ironically, my issues have nothing to do with the lousy PC port. After a couple minor settings changes, I can play the game at a reasonable clip. Part of what made the Arkham series so special, though, was the visceral hand-to-hand close quartered combat. With  well implemented mechanics, each battle was exciting and satisfying. Wether you liked the more stealthy challenges or taking out a mob with 'batarangs blazing', the previous Arkham titles drew you in to the action in ways few other games could.So I had to wonder what the hell they were thinking making the Batmobile the centerpiece of their latest effort? Maybe they thought they had taken the fighting mechanics about as far as they could? Who knows? But I have never been more frustrated by such awful driving mechanics. Tedious and  annoying I found my self gritting my teeth and clenching my fists as I plowed through the inane Batmobile 'missions', which you have to do to advance the story through nearly (what feels like) 60% of the game.Not even the interesting Batman/Joker schizophrenic illness or some cool new characters could save this mess. After 16 hours, I stopped caring. Congratulations Rocksteady, you've ruined a great series.Maybe your Batmobile can take its place among the other 'greats' like the 1971 Pinto, the 1957 Edsel Corsair or the 1987 Yugo.I'd ask for my money back, but I've played too long ... and 16 hours is way way too long.Lesson learned."
76561198058876618,Recommended,208650,22425409,"Posted: 15 April, 2016",all,(Praise_the_Sun!)ststeve,"BATMAN ARKHAM KNIGHT SPOILER FREE REVIEWI have played the past Arkham games extensively on the both the Xbox 360 and PC versions (including Arkham Origins) so all opinions is well backed up and compared to ALL previous games.STORYAfter finishing the game you can tell that Rocksteady have really planned this story out extensively. It all folds together perfectly and the ending is one I will never forget (no worries, no spoliers). The cutscenes and voice acting is top notch and superb. Even some of the side missions had interesting stories and there are paragraphs of back ground material to get all the knowledge of all characters mentioned. This version of Batman is haunted and faulted and so perfectly deep I loved every second with him on screen.GAMEPLAYThey have absolutely nailed the mechanics by now. The freeflow combat is deeper than ever and even more fluid. The punches REALLY hit and more and more complex enemies are drip feeded well and offer some really cool, unique ideas. The predator sections (stealth) are also better than ever with plently of gadgets and advanced enemies. I am completely in love with these systems by now they just feel so good and true to the character. The new batmobile controls really well too; even the combat (tank like) I found enjoyable. The batmobile absolutely rips through everything in its path! Gliding and grappling has never been better too; its smooth and exhilerating.PERFORMANCE AND GRAPHICSGet ready for the controversy! Yes, this game does not perfrom too great. My system is more than capable of running it and I did at a constant 60 fps at high settings. However, there are some problems with the vsync settings and it can make the game quite a 'jaggy' experience. It is not that bad however. The graphics are incredible though. The city and characters feel so real and it is astonishing how well they created this world. It truly is beautiful.Overall this game is fantastic. It surpasses the other games in mechanics and story and will forever be remembered in my gaming memories. A great farewell to the Dark Knight.10/10"
76561198127007673,Not Recommended,208650,19421795,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,maichen9,"Around 5 months have passed and my game is still somewhat laggy and unplayable. I have an intel core i-7, nvidia gt-760,8 gb of ram and it STILL DOES NOT WORK. would not recommend to anyone. I refunded it back and haven't looked back."
76561198170400055,Not Recommended,208650,16645188,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,Dorito Boy,"The game looks great. It plays on the comlpete polar opposite and that is terrible. Yes i know i don't have the best gaming rig ever but if rocksteady says i can at least play on the minimum requirements then i only get fps drops mid game for no reason!!!! This is terrible all i wanted to do was play the game not try and play the most graphicaly enhanced ""game of the year"" and i cant even do that. Not to mantion the capped 30 fps which can be changed but its freaking 2015 why should we have to make the game work isnt that their job? So in conclusion this game is a broken peice of garbage at its current state and until a patch is given i wont be playing the game i neither should you. Now with more information on the game i have discovered that the so called legendary batmobile is not legendary at all it should be called the LooseAllOfYourAlreadyLowFpsMobile this takes away from the overall theme of being the batman it just freezes randomly and slows the overall pace of the game. So like i said earlier untill a ppatch is presented no one should play the game."
,Not Recommended,208650,24344287,"Posted: 15 July, 2016",all,Doctor Zoidberg,ProsGreat graphicsBatmobileBetter combat and point systemConsHorrible boss fightsEver Heard to much of a good thing? well thats what happens with the batmobile you never really do hand to hand with the arkum knightThe Campain is unsatisfyingOverallWhen this gets down to 20 buy it untill then dont
,Not Recommended,208650,16897006,"Posted: 5 July, 2015",all,Brightlight,Had to buy ps4 version to run 30 fps withHigh end pc10/10
76561198038929986,Not Recommended,208650,16693163,"Posted: 25 June, 2015",all,mattyglen,"Game itself is incredible. Rocksteady have put their heart and soul into every detail of this game, and it shows. Playing as Batman is as fun as ever, and the addition of the Batmobile feels like an extension of Batman himself (as it should). Even the tank sections (which have received criticism elsewhere) are enjoyable in my opinion.But the PC port.......is TERRIBLE. Arkham City was also near-broken at launch on PC, but nowhere near to this level. NONE of the NVIDIA features are usable, despite the advertising.And the biggest crime of all is that ITS BEEN DOWNGRADED FOR PC. This is a joke. No hi-res textures have been released for this version (but I hope they do in future) and the performance is borderline unplayable. The Arkham games are my favourite games of all time, so this has shaken my faith severely and negatively affected my playing experience."
,Not Recommended,208650,16821346,"Posted: 30 June, 2015",all,Raging_B0n3R™,already had finished game...I must say the game is LAME...been waiting for this game for a long time and what they did is just totally disappointing...the PC port sucks... boss fights?there aint one if I remember it correctly the only boss fight is with deathstroke using your batmobile....get it if you want to know JUST THE STORY....but for replay value? there is none.bough the game again coz it was on sale...performance is still♥♥♥♥♥♥on my PC get it if its on sale...dont buy this on full price
,Not Recommended,208650,16833980,"Posted: 1 July, 2015",all,hybridangel2006,"Patch has not fixed the problems that make this game unplayable. Cannot recommend. I have one more Arkham game to replay before I reach this next part of the series. If I cannot play it by then I will not play it until I can buy it for ten dollars on a steam sale. So very disappointed, this games series has been cutting a lot of corners it shouldn't have had to."
76561197999550420,Not Recommended,208650,16921637,"Posted: 6 July, 2015",all,Guybrush57,"I have never been so disappointed since Crysis 2. As an Arkham game game I have been looking forward to this game for years and was expecting big things, the least of which would be a high frame rate. Unfortunately we get a 30fps cap and not only does the game stuggle to maintain that (1080p resolution, Intel i7-3770k @ 4.0GHz, 16GB 2000MHz DDR3, Nvidia TITAN Black) but the graphics look worse than the previous Arkham games. Some of the textures look putrid.16GB RAM without running other programs in the background should be more than enough but nope, game crashes a lot and Windows complains Arkham Knight is using too much memory. Even if the graphics were top notch and stable I still can't get over the popping, unstable, sparky-sounding audio.This whole experience has left a bad taste in my mouth. It is doubtful that I will ever play this game again as even if it gets fixed it won't have that fresh experience anymore. As it is spoilers are popping up on-line. I bought this game at launch and have given the developers 2 weeks to fix the game but that hasn't happened yet. They do promise they are working on it but unfortunately, as my refund time window is elapsing I will have to choose that option. I cannot hand over US$60 to get bataranged in the batcave and I suggest no one else do the same."
76561198200672598,Not Recommended,208650,16779926,"Posted: 29 June, 2015",all,hamadthebeast,Bad port.
,Not Recommended,208650,18670602,"Posted: 24 October, 2015",all,NightShayd,"I had to wait until Halloween for my Father's Day present. You won't get another penny from us Rocksteady or WB.I bought this game and did not seek/ask for a refund because I HAD faith (built from the previous 2 Batman releases) that Rocksteady would not release total garbage. Week after week. For a total of 19 weeks. NINETEEN WEEKS and 1 ""interim patch."" I was proven completely and totally wrong. Bad communication and follow through with the community at large, through out the entire process, has completely ruined any credibility Rocktseady or Warner Bros. Entertainment may have had left.TL:DR - Good Story, Broken Mess of a game, Uncaring devs and publisher."
,Not Recommended,208650,16640675,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,Pack,The absolute worst PC port in years by a big name Publisher. Don't buy yet.
,Recommended,208650,19436301,"Posted: 2 December, 2015",all,Rez,"Arkham Knight has caught a lot of bad flak for it's preformance issues. That flak is largely founded, but let me tell you why it was a mistake to have it refuned or to refuse to play it after it's updates. First and foremost: the 'Arkham' series as has always delivered excellent gameplay. I have seen a lot of reviews compare it to Assassins Creed and it's lack of actual game-changing plays, but that's a harsh bias. Arkham has always found a new and intriguing way to bring a story and it's gameplay to life and Arkham Knight is no different. This is still true, minus the preformance issues, of this game. The lack of loyalty and support for this game astounds me to no end. WB fell on it's face, sure, but it's delivered three executive triple - A titles before this and they were all spectacular. This is the first time the studio's responsible for releasing Arkham Knight have fallen short and they get absolutely destroyed by the caustic nature of the internet. So now they have had large support yanked from this wonderful game and getting it up to code is all but a dream now, even with them still faithfully releasing patches. (Keep in mind I am not talking about Arkham Origings: Blackgate, as I have never played it)Now, I have had no problems playing Arkham Knight. Not a single one. Granted: I have a high-medium tier  comptuer as opposed to a medium-high tier. Meaning I have a 980, an i-7 5000k' series (I forget the exact number I think it's like 5580k or something) liquid cooling and 32 gigabytes of DDR4, so I can't speak to everyone elses problems.Story9/10Controls7/10Vehicle Controls9/10Consistency6/10Characters10/10Combat8/10Mystery9/10Riddles5.5/10Gadgets9/10Story: Arkham knight has a masterfully written story. I was riveted and immersed with it from the very beginning. Without giving any of the story away let me tell you: I enjoyed this story because, so long as you dont wiki-pedia stuff or so long as you have avoided spoilers thus far: It is an excellent game. It's really hard to gush and write about how good the story is without giving anything away. But it really wrenches at your heart strings over and over and kicks you in the gut moments after it has just lifted you upControls: I have never been a big fan of complicated control schemes. Im just not handy with them. As a child I always got my♥♥♥♥♥kicked in the old mortal kombat games, even with the auto-combo's cheat turned on my brother would absolutely wreck me. That being said I think this games controls are pretty decent, if not all that intuitive.Vehicle Controls: Contrary to that, I loved how the Vehicle in the game handled, and I loved the battle-tank style. This game having a lot of it's story/riddles/motive centered around the vehicle in more than a few aspects earned a lot of ire from people, but, with all due respect to their opinions, they are just blowing it out their asses. The tank is absolutely fun, in a very raw explody way almost like you're actually in a combat zone with a lot of boom's going off around you. That and the tank has a bean-bag gun that allows you to - well bean people running from you into unconciousness. It's awesome.Consistency: The game delivers a consistant challenge as you progress. Things get evenly harder and harder as the game goes on and doesn't fall short like a lot of games do when you reach end-game items and levels and equipment - as you go up in ability and items so too do your enemy. The series has always preformed well in this aspect.Characters: IT is as you would expect. The characters a very detailed and stay true to the original characters written by the various excellent comics who over the years at DC have crafted the batman.Combat:It's Batman. You beat the♥♥♥♥♥♥out of people. If you're really good you do it whilst beating the♥♥♥♥♥♥out of lots of other people. If you're REALLY good you do it without ever being seen and with an ease that would make ra's al ghoul jealous.Mystery: ♥♥♥♥♥ mindblowing yo. Like, I thought I knew what was going on but I didn't and then things got all backwards and twisted and in the end- just play it. It's so good.Riddles: Never been good at these and I never enjoyed them. I enjoyed the ACTUAL riddles, but not the nine million trophies they want you to collect.Gadgets: I love the x-ray detective vision in this. It's guided and you dont really get to 'disern' the clues L.A. Noire style but it's still hella cool.Will update with more as I collect thoughts."
,Not Recommended,208650,20328207,"Posted: 5 January, 2016",all,BigShowRoolz,Embarassingly bad port. Don't buy this garbage.
,Recommended,208650,18781933,"Posted: 30 October, 2015",all,MOBIUS,"im going to be one of the rare few and give this a review on the performance.my rig is a win10 64bit with a 4 year old ASUS motherboard running an i5 3200k cpu.its got 12gb ram and a GTX970 card running at a low 1920x1080. by current standards this is a standard PC for the current gaming generations of PC.the benchmark gives me a constant 60fps with vsync enabled.the audio works fine during cut scenes and the game doesnt crash.I only recently bought the game as i had decided not to get the game on general release a few months ago, as far as im concerened this game runs totally fine without any framrate drop. I was totally prepaired to give this a negative review but i am unable to find fault.so a thumbs up from me."
,Not Recommended,208650,16643282,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,DurrtyMethodz,"Arkham  Fright. What a joke. I can run witcher 3 on ultra, but this game wont even start up. Screen flashes like crazy and the only way to stop it is to hard reset. Refund process has commenced."
76561198066520445,Not Recommended,208650,16753523,"Posted: 27 June, 2015",all,Lord_explosion,wheres my refund
,Not Recommended,208650,31243597,Posted: 19 April,all,kithiero,"I'm finding it very hard not to hate this game. I've never felt less like Batman in any of the Arkham games before. The story is kinda cool, a little dark but the gameplay is tedious. The Batmobile is crammed down your throat constantly and it just suck-diddly-ucks. Floaty driving, boring, repetitive tank battles and wonky race track mechanics just add to the long list of flaws in this game. It's full of content but none of it is very fun."
,Not Recommended,208650,31498806,Posted: 1 May,all,Zloth,"Gotta give this one a down vote.  It's close but there are just too many frustrating parts to this game.  If you enjoyed the other Arkham games, the game is on sale, and you really want to see what happened after Arkham City then go for it.  Just be prepared for a few rage quits.The BadThe trick racing games... UGH!!!  Fighting tanks and racing around after crooks is OK but the trick races are just exercises in frustration.  Most are confined to dealing with the Riddler but I like the Riddler's other puzzles so the only way to see them is to go through the rage-quit-inducing races.Checkpoint saves only.  LET ME PICK WHEN TO SAVE!!  At least this one isn’t as bad as Arkham Origins – this time they were smart enough to keep backup saves for you so, if something gets corrupted, you’ve got a backup you can go to instead of having to start the whole game over again.Pointless upgrades.  They added a lot of new upgrades you can spend points on but many of them seem useless.  For instance, you can get an upgrade to throw your batarang at some enemies as you drop down on one.  That’s nice.  And then there’s another to shoot your grapple as you drop down on an enemy.  And another to shoot your electric zapper as you drop down on an enemy.  Why!?The story.  Everything is Batman’s fault!  The bad guys blame Batman.  Gordon blames Batman.  Robin blames Batman.  Most of all, Batman blames Batman.  Hello?  Don’t you think that just maybe Scarecrow deserves the lion’s share of that blame?  What’s more, there were some big plot twists I didn’t like much.The GoodThe procedural combat system is still big fun… mostly.  It gets pretty hard to target properly with the masses of people you fight plus Batman sometimes just decides to go off and whack some completely different thug from time to time.  But it’s such a joy to watch!It’s got a pretty complex combat system.  The key combinations are actually starting to get a little bit like a fighting game!  Once you get deeper into the game, you’ll find you really need to think about how you’ll be attacking some enemy strong points, too.Good Riddler puzzles again!  Though it would be nice if the game would tell you if you don’t have some gadget needed to solve a puzzle.  Arkham City had the same problem.The Joker is just great all around, same as in all the other Arkham games.There’s a photo mode that’s pretty nice.  Like most console games, it forces you to keep the main character in the frame but otherwise the camera is free.  Be sure to check the options in there – you can turn off the game logo.PerformanceI didn't have an FPS counter up but framerate never got close to causing me a problem even with max settings.  I've got a 1080 and 16GB so no big surprise there.  A lot of other folks are having issues, though.  The game has a performance test in it so check that first thing.  If you can't get the performance up to snuff in the first hour, refund the game.So overall I would give it about a 6.5 out of 10.  If you haven't played Arkham Asylum or Arkham City yet, definitely play those first.  Not only will the backstory help but they are both better games.  Play this one if you liked those a lot and want some closure."
,Not Recommended,208650,17624735,"Posted: 19 August, 2015",all,SidAlpha,https://youtu.be/9n7HXu9rf9U
76561198257620206,Not Recommended,208650,19179806,"Posted: 20 November, 2015",all,gamesloverjustice,"When I access the map to mark riddler points and I start scrolling through the map, the game freezes and crashes saying the game has a rendering error."
76561198003410405,Not Recommended,208650,16678757,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,[BOS] ArchAngel,Horrible.... and an utter disappointment
,Not Recommended,208650,16653909,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,ExQR,Refund refund refund
,Not Recommended,208650,18775897,"Posted: 30 October, 2015",all,callycap3,"It's been four months and two huge patches, and Arkham Knight still runs terribly. I could only complete the game by playing at 800x640 resolution.Awful performance, awful patching. Do not buy."
,Recommended,208650,27738350,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,D4RK.Lord,at first i should say I have no problemm with this game (autumn 2016).i think this is best batman ever created.amazing AI with very good graphic with epic music.
,Recommended,208650,24369933,"Posted: 17 July, 2016",all,Pavel R,Awesome game! Best in arkham series.
,Recommended,208650,24776857,"Posted: 8 August, 2016",all,fatalxTK85,great game
,Recommended,208650,24146826,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,Dillon,"Well we all know how it ran at launch... A spit race was more entertaining than this game at launch.However now it seems to be working with only the minor bugs still present, my rig ran this fine but, it did suffer some random drops to 30fps in some places (thats running on a GTX970) however it didn't happen often enough to ruin my game.I did play this on PS4 first (Dat launch tho) and I can honestly say it now runs and looks much nicer than the console counterpart.9/10 would wait six months to play it again."
,Recommended,208650,27998946,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,2eyes.IFA,9/10 the best one yet
,Recommended,208650,28858110,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,mementomori,"Finished this game 100%, first time i've done that since GTA 3. Arkham Knight is 10/10 game. The gameplay is tight, story is great, the visuals are perfect, great voice acting, and cool ideas for open world games. The tank battles are ok and there are many riddler challeneges but they are more diverse than Arkham City and brokened up to avoid mototany. It's an incredible game, I played it after it has been released over a year and the technical issues were minor for my humble computer."
,Not Recommended,208650,19167477,"Posted: 19 November, 2015",all,FlavorfulGecko5,"Now that the game has been re-released and i’ve had a bit of time to properly enjoy it, I’m remaking my review. It’s sad that it still has to be negative. As fun of a game I feel this is, I can not justify giving it a positive review because of how horrible the PC port was (and still is, in many cases).With that said, I will of course be talking about performance first. I have an i7 4790k processor, GTX 770 graphics card, and 8 gbs of RAM. The game’s performance, whilst better than in June, is still disappointingly poor. On max settings with Nvidia smoke and paper debris turned off, I’d say I average 50-60 FPS when on foot and gliding and 40-50 when in the Batmobile. This hardly changes on lowest settings from what I can tell. In the batmobile the average is high 40s and low 50s, a pretty crappy gain considering what I’m sacrificing. Driving into a car and causing it to blow up can cause an occasional lag spike.Now for the typical list of Pros and Cons:+ There’s no shortage of activities. The game is filled with side missions and interesting Riddler puzzles.+ The world itself is beautiful and full of detail. You can tell a lot of hard work was put into it. It’s a shame that the terrible port overshadows this.+ Improved upgrade system that makes you think about what you want to get and has you save up points for those upgrades. Although, it is pretty annoying that the game informs me of my unspent points each time I reload.+ Story seems okay, for me at least. I’ll just leave it at that since I have no idea how to rate these things. (I’m only 25% through the main story).+ The batmobile is, for the most part, a pretty neat addition. More on this in the negatives.- The quality of the port, of course.- I haven’t bought any DLC and don’t intend to, but a lot of it seems lackluster from what I’ve witnessed. Story packs appear to be pretty short and many of the special batmobile designs don’t have a battle mode. That means you can’t progress through the main story with them and can only use it in free roam once you’ve destroyed all the drones on the map.- The batmobile handles like a concrete fridge. Don’t get me wrong, it’s fun to drive around in and the physics can lead to some pretty hilarious moments. But when you’re in vehicle chases, races, or other challenges and trying to perform well, you might get pretty frustrated. You simply can’t handle tight turns without driving into the side of a building and powersliding kills all your momentum. You end up having to switch between battle mode to stay on course and it feels pretty disappointing.- Slight overemphasis on the batmobile, especially in Riddler trophy puzzles. I admit, they force us to use it a little too much. It seems like a ton of the puzzles require us to make use of the power winch in some shape or form, and it gets pretty annoying switching between Batman and vehicle.- The lack of skin variety for rioters and ordinary thugs is disgusting. They practically wear the exact same clothing with literally two different colors of vests. There's maybe, what, around 5 different face models total? In an orindary streetfight against rioters it's pretty likely there'll be 3-5 enemies with the exact same model.- The same applies to dialogue between the rioters. It's not that bad, but very noticeable in later stages of the game. You'd think that with a free roam game such as this, there would be at least 100 unique lines and conversations.Neutral:> A lot of people seem to be complaining about the quality and frequency of batmobile combat. I *very slightly* agree but for the most part feel indifferent about it. Maybe as I keep progressing through the game I’ll change my opinion.> There’s quite a large amount of hologram communications between Batman and other characters. I’m sure some people consider these constant gameplay interruptions an annoyance.All in all, if you have a beefy PC or luck out you’ll probably find it to be a fun game. They’re offering refunds until the end of 2015 regardless of playtime or time owned, so you’re not risking anything by buying and trying it out. Though, I would get other games first unless you’re a serious Batman fan."
76561197985953866,Recommended,208650,21078336,"Posted: 9 February, 2016",all,miles66,"My PC: I5 4670k@3.4Ghz, 8Gb RAM, AMD 7950 vanilla, Win 7 64bit.Work flawlessy, remember to disable Vsync to remove 30 FPS Cap: after that my FPS reached 70FPS avg at 1920x1080  on benchmark.Awesome game.Buy it 'till is discounted!."
,Not Recommended,208650,16660146,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,Adorable Little Murder Machine,"So I adjusted the .ini file. Got 60 fps pretty easy on a 970 with a i5-3570. Some dips to 50ish, but nothing too bad.Then I got in the Batmobile, dropped to 25 fps, and requested a refund. This game is unplayable."
,Recommended,208650,21075550,"Posted: 9 February, 2016",all,Elsa Hosk,"although this game has some fps ang graphic issues, it still got an interesting storyline and great gameplay"
,Recommended,208650,28398077,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,dark matter,"As a big fan of the Batman and act game,no reason can let you give up this game!"
76561197971682417,Not Recommended,208650,17513608,"Posted: 12 August, 2015",all,Big McLarge Huge,"Wait until this game goes on sale with all the DLC a year from now.Edit: So it's been over a year later and the game is running better and on sale with all the DLC. I bought it again. The game is still a little buggy in some areas but not game breaking buggy. I'm still not a fan of how Rocksteady ended the series and because of this, Arkham Knight is the weakest of the series."
,Not Recommended,208650,17717352,"Posted: 25 August, 2015",all,Codenamehal,"Damn you are so good at writing apologies, WB. But apparently following up on them and taking care of your PC users is too hard, huh?"
76561198030569517,Not Recommended,208650,18936018,"Posted: 7 November, 2015",all,J5,"Overall it is not worth the current price - but I guess they are refunding intil December 31st so...In general I feel like this is the first Batman game they did, sure it looks decent and they aimed to do well but clearly failed. But this is the final game in the series and should be polished by this point.The game runs fine until it crashes....sometimes a whole PC lock and reboot. That is definitely rare for any game or program to do. When it is running the game seems fine until combat at which point it drops in framerate quite a lot to almost slow motion at time.Then there are sync issues with sound. This is all over the place, in combat while fighting there won't be any sound of hits, its really weird. With the storyline vids they will say their lines but it won't match the animations at all, what I mean is they will say what they are suppose to and then the animations will continue talking (moving their mouths, etc) and this happens for 5-10 seconds after voice has stopped so its very weird. First few times I thought the game crashed.I had issues with combat where the game seems out of sync for animations where enemies go down from fighting but the screen doesn't show you hitting or anything."
,Not Recommended,208650,17478602,"Posted: 10 August, 2015",all,6bolt,"This first biggest complaint is the batmobile of course. Like everyone else, it felt forced and any chance to use it, it was used. I am sure people have heard this before, so I will not go into much, except for one thing. To get around the killing thing for Batman, they make the tanks drones, so there is no problem blowing them up with a cannon or missiles. But there is a huge flaw with this, not all tanks are drones. All four boss battles with the batmobile, you shooting at a tank or a machine driven by a human. So much for the drone excuse. Then Batman is using a cannon, which is just a big GUN. So Batman is shooting a gun at a person in all the batmobile boss battles. Thanks Rocksteady to staying true to being the Batman*** Spoilers ***Here is a good idea about the story Rocksteady. Instead of having Jason Todd as the Arkham Knight, you should have made it Bane, without the venom/titan fluid. In the comics, he stopped using it, but still a very good opponent. This would have been a good twist, as everyone would have thought it was Jason Todd. And then use Jason Todd later in the game, when Harley Quinn releases the Joker people. Instead of rescuing them in the theater, they escaped out into Gotham. Using his detective skills Batman can find the first three people, but as he fights his way towards them, he finds out that they have just been murdered by a mysterious person. When he gets to the fourth and last person, who should be the old guy, he finds out the mysterious person is Jason Todd as he kills the old man. Jason stayed hidden because he hated Batman, but when he heard that Batman killed the Joker, he comes out of hiding and went to Gotham. But the Scarecrow and Bane had other plans for Gotham which slowed him done. But when he found Batman’s hideout in the theater, he saw the Jokers escape and Harley Quinn move in, and then trying to find and kill the Jokers. Batman is happy to see Jason, but Jason is so happy that Batman finally killed the Joker. But Batman tries to tell Jason he didn’t kill the Joker, but Jason is more worried about the 5th Joker, and the need to kill him. Then Jason finds out that Batman is the 5th Joker by seeing the green eyes on Batman or the old man dying and saying Batman is the last Joker. Then Jason goes crazy. He is finally happy with Batman because he thinks he killed the original Joker, but now knows he is the 5th Joker. This is when he puts on the red helmet and becomes the Red Hood and tries to kill Batman, because he knows he is the last Joker. This starts a boss battle, and at the end the Red Hood escapes. Then if the person get a 100%, they can fight Red Hood at the end, and can save Jason Todd or let him go and continue to be the Red Hood.That would have been a hell of a lot better than this lazy POS story. Also, think about the Arkham Knight story. Jason Todd, the Arkham Knight is mad at Batman. One of the main reasons he is mad at him, is that he never killed the Joker. But then he hears that Batman kills the Joker. So what does he do, join up with Scarecrow and other villains to kill Batman. WTF?! That makes no sense at all. Such a lazy story.5/10"
,Recommended,208650,16649824,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,❤ Princess Puff ❤,if u can run it ok then its pretty gud
,Recommended,208650,16650243,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,reaper1982,"This is honestly on of the best games out there right now, and if everybody could get over the optimization (which wll be fixed because no big name gaming company is just going to leave you out to dry) and just focus on the story and how actually good it is along with the game play then this game would probably be one the top rate here but since people are being so impatient this game is at mostly negative which is just un acceptable."
,Not Recommended,208650,18844324,"Posted: 2 November, 2015",all,SomethingNeu,"I want to start off by saying I really do adore the Arkham series, still counting Asylum and City as two of my favorite games of all time. Origins not as much, but I still enjoyed it.Arkham Knight on the otherhand has been a miserable expereince. Not because of the story, that aspect is passable, but the performance.It ran okay when I first downloaded it, allowing me to finish the campaign, but still didn't run as well as it should have on my computer. We were infomed we'd have a patch soon, so I remained paitent, thinking that they'd have it out within a month of two...Now, after all this time with the updated game, I found that the game ran even worse, still can't be fullscreened without flickering, and the additions of character selection to AR challenges to be a sad attempt to fix a broken gameplay mode.It was because of this that I finally decided to return it. Maybe in the future when the game is really cheap I'll give it another try and see if they fix it, but as it is now, it seems that WB doesn't plan to do much more."
76561198003196778,Recommended,208650,27055064,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Ark,"I started playing this game about a year after it was released. (i7-920, 12GB RAM, Zotac GTX 970)I still am amazed how good it is, even things like the Batmobile, which I knew was in it, had aWOWmoment, like many other things.Let's start with the appearence: 10/10I was playing the first hour or so with my mouth open, because my jaw dropped and it wouldn't get back up :)Luckily I can play this on a PC and could turn up most settings to max or turn them on, which gave me a visually stunning game that was also 60FPS(or more, I forgot). There areveryfew games out at this time, that can measure up to this quality.Next up Gameplay: 9/10The combat system is mostly the same, which is a good thing(why fix something that isn't broken?).The newFear Takedownsare one of the best new features of the game.Movement around the city is still very pleasant, especially gliding around for long distances.The difficulty is challenging but not frustrating and there weren't any ""bulletsponges""(I know Bats doesn't shoot, but it's for lack of a better word).Story-wise I was very happy how things were setup and unfolded. And getting to play other characters too was amazing.The only 2 things that kinda bummed me were:1. In the main menu, when switching costumes, you can see that the Arkham Knight is theRed Hood(=Jason Todd)which ruined a bit of suspense for me.2. Collectingsomany of the Riddler Trophies. I had mostly fun with collecting them, but at some point it became more of a grind. The good part was that most of them aren't hard to find (I had to google a handful at most), especially when you catch Riddler Goons."
,Not Recommended,208650,17869916,"Posted: 3 September, 2015",all,TheOfficialBTD,"Warner Bros' slogan was, ""Be the Batman"". I'm sure you can figure out the rest."
76561197994915629,Not Recommended,208650,16685996,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,TimS1980,"Despite having quite a high end system i7 4970k and twin 980 GTXs and running from an SSD, the frame rate often drops from 30fps to low teens or even single figures at any resolution.  No QC seems to have been performed on this game's PC port at all prior to release, texture quality also seems to be lower than on the console versions.{Post patch 1}Performance has improved drasticaly with single figure FPS only ocasionaly showing up when the Batmobile is called, but the stability has been thrown out like the proverbial baby, it is now very rare that I manage more than  quater of an hour between crashes, if anything the game has become less playable after the fisrt major patch not more playable."
76561198279892198,Recommended,208650,32899214,Posted: 27 June,all,victoryatsea,"After playing the main game two times I thought I really was Batman, and so using my detective skills I learned from the game I found out that I really do not have a life. 141/10"
76561198120231871,Not Recommended,208650,18887884,"Posted: 5 November, 2015",all,D34NG3L0,The game is more lag at 30% of main story up.my spec:I7860Gtx970Psu620Ram 8gb 1600 MhzSsd 240 GB KingstonHyperXWindows 10Can i fix it? How?
76561197972434130,Recommended,208650,27338471,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Protactinium,"Most technical issues have been fixed by now, so those aside, it's still a pretty mediocre game. It has everything you'd expect from an Arkham game but a bit worse and with poor added features. One notable new mechanic is the use of the Batmobile. Disregarding how poorly it handles, it's very contrary to Batman's usual stealth/beat-'em-up style. They story's not so great, and the titular Arkham Knight's final battle is a lame tank battle. And he's not even the final boss. There's a crop ton of content, but a lot of it feels like busy work, and there's way too much Riddler nonsense. To top it all off, the combat's not as good as it once was. It seems less light, fluid, and accurate. All that said, it's still mostly like the other Arkham Games, so if you liked those and want some more enough that you don't mind a lesser game, then Arkham Knight isn't so bad now that they've halved the price."
,Recommended,208650,27217989,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Outrageously Stealthy Ostrich,"Probably the best out of the trilogy, and the other two where awsome"
,Recommended,208650,24729967,"Posted: 5 August, 2016",all,egg rese,"Good game, I just don't recommend getting the game with anything less than a gtx 960."
,Recommended,208650,24189827,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,ally <3,"This isn't the same game that was broken when it launched. Sure there are a few bugs and glitches here and there, like Ivy's breasts become jittery or enemies getting stuck to the ground, but they aren't really game breaking (I have not yet encountered a ""Make-a-new-save bug/glitch"").I ran the game on an i5-6600K and an R9 390. All settings were set to high with some GameWorks options turned off. The game rarely went under 60fps and averaged at 90fps.Did I enjoy the game so far? Yes. Would I recommend you play it? Yes, buy it on a sale. Overall wud r8 8/8 gr8 game m8."
,Recommended,208650,28933883,Posted: 2 January,all,✪iSoldMyMumForAKnife✪,Awesome game!! Would reccomend it. I really like the graphics quality and the story in general....also it has some great dlc's
76561198279515091,Recommended,208650,26977728,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,incapable.of.bending.knee,"I started playing from arkham asylum. Then, just continued the series. Out of Asylum, City & Origin, Arkham City was the most mind blowing series I've played. So, I put a high reputation for the Arkham Knight. Rocksteady still manages to make a great storyline with the improvements of gameplay, DLCs and more to capture the attention of fans.I would give an easy 10/10 gaming experience. But the PC Port does not satisfy me at all. The game was not fully optimized for most average PCs. If you can handle a stable 23 fps then I would highly recommend this game. For a great gaming experience, I recommend you start playing from the first series."
,Recommended,208650,28618182,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,{Memed} Jordy Lesus,"Despite me beating this the day it came out on console (PS4) a year later I decided to buy this hoping all the issues on PC would've been patched and fixed......suffice to say I was very right. Arkham knight is one of the finest games this generation has to offer, while Arkham City IS MY personal favorite game of all time, i had nothing but pleasure playing Arkham knight and replaying it on PS4. If you want to play a good Superhero game this is your best bet, sure the tank sessions are annoying, but running around and gliding, seeing Gotham on the horizons is the best feeling ever. BUY THIS GAME WITH ALL ITS SEASON PASS CONTENT. You won't regret it"
76561198019225086,Not Recommended,208650,16651445,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,rock-machine-666,I have waited for this game it was so promising BUT when i entered it and started playing i encounterd a million problems with the graphics*Frame drop*Game is frezzing*Game crasheswell what can i tell it was a dissapoint and i was stupid to Pre-order it with the season passGuys please please dont buy that game unless WB and Rocksteady will fix that game!And god they got so many fixes to make!BTW im using Nvidia as my GPU so its not happening only to AMD users dont let them fool you!
,Not Recommended,208650,16652988,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,Rhinox,"Maybe you can play this game if you have a top of the top AMD video card $$$.I use a Radeon R9 270 and when I begin to move I have drops to 4/5 fps.Don't buy this game, bad PC port.Talvez vc consiga jogar esse jogo caso tenha uma placa de vídeo top que tenha custado no mínimo R$2000.Eu uso uma Radeon R270 e quando eu começo à me mover, meus fps caem para 4/5. Impossivel planar na direção certa assim.Não compre esse jogo, horrível portabilidade para PC."
,Not Recommended,208650,16678984,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,Serf,"Pretty broken, either missing or bugged assests. Highly recommend waiting to see if Rocksteady patches these issues before you purchase."
76561197989196406,Recommended,208650,27999455,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Gaboou,"Wall of text incoming! 8-)I got the game + Season Pass during the Halloween sale for ~17€ and I kinda wish I payed twice the amount, because the game is such a blast to play and has LOTS of great content!The game is full of details and you can see that the developers once again poured all their hearts into this one.Everything is once again bigger and better. And the Batmobile is a BEAST of a machine! :DThe plentiful AR challenges give you a chance to prove your abilities after finishing the main game, if you're into this sort of thing.The DLC Episodes are really short but still quite good. The exception is A Matter of Family, which is much longer and really well done. Maybe except for Batgirl's abilities, which are rather disappointing...Season of Infamy: Most Wanted Expansion, which were interwoven into the main story/the city, are also excellent and reintroduce a couple of great villains.It's a real pity and a big stain that the game had such a rough start on PC at the beginning... That's why I got the game more than a year later and wanted to give Warner Brothers as little money as possible - as sort of a punishment.That being said it works very well now - if you disable the Gameworks fog and smoke setting, which drains performance during Batmobile chases and some other scenes, even if you have a second graphics card to offload the physics calculations.I played the game at 2560x1600 with everything maxed out except for fog & smoke for my main playthrough and it worked and looked great almost all of the time. I also turned off chromatic aberration, not because of performance (makes no difference) but because I think it's a lame effect if used all the time.The game overall works even better than Arkham City, because there is no microstuttering when looking around the city - it's very smooth with the occasional hitch when a lot of stuff is loading.It's a bit of a letdown that it doesn't support SLi because then I could probably turn interactive smoke on, or even downscale from 4K, which would probably improve the visuals even further, making the okayish Antialiasing superfluous. :-/What often doesn't work all that well is the Level of Detail - there are many really ugly textures visible in the distance, especially when zooming in, where there should be better ones instead. This can sometimes break the immersion...Overall if you enjoyed the previous Arkham games you should feel right at home and enjoy yourself a lot! :)My specs:Core i7 5960X @4.2 GHz2x MSI 980Ti @~1453MHz GPU & ~3600 MHz Memory16 GB of RAM @2400 MHz3x SSDs in RAID 0"
76561198047532194,Recommended,208650,21148175,"Posted: 12 February, 2016",all,Calculon 559,"It's a good game that runs well considering what it does, which is open world with no loading screens. Hope you like the Batmobile, because you'll be using it a fair bit, but that's more of a nitpick than anything. Other than that, it's a gorgeous game that plays really well."
,Recommended,208650,32653014,Posted: 22 June,all,TittyTwistar,vely gud
,Recommended,208650,23934387,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,๖ۣۜSpectral ๖ۣۜKnight,"I don't know how this game was before. I love Batman Arkham Series and I have all titles. I wanted to pre-order this but gladly I didn't. Now I got this from summer sale when discount hit -50% and I'm pleased of it. The graphics looks amazing so the requirements are ok for this kind of graphics if you put in balance. Maybe is not fixed at all but is at least playable. When I first bought it I didn't had much expectations but surprising the game was good. I think you should try it, buy it and if you don't like it or still has problems for you just refund it."
,Recommended,208650,24855961,"Posted: 12 August, 2016",all,bryjoered,"I heard about the terrible port, didn't buy it until a recent steam sale. I can understand the gripe about the Batmobile, but I actually think it is a lot of fun to use and drive around the city. The combat is similar to past iterations but definitely refined and superior.The graphics are really really good, they rival pretty much anything on the market up to and including The Witcher 3 and Rise of the Tomb Raider, while I feel both of the mentioned titles are superior, they are in the same category. Kudos to the team for fixing this up.In short, if you liked the last two titles, which are in my opinion the best superhero video games ever made, then you will like this one. I am having a blast with the game and I can't stress enough how amazing it looks at 1440p on max settings, just wow."
,Recommended,208650,28409071,"Posted: 16 December, 2016",all,sushitrash,"Review will have spoilers for previous Batman games.Story -Even though the Joker, perhaps Batman’s greatest nemesis, has died, it seems the city has not evolved for the better with the disposal of the mad clown. Scarecrow has taken his place in order to demolish the entire city, instead of occupying himself with petty crimes. He has released a fear inducing neurotoxin all over Gotham City, making everyone go crazy and do whatever they can to run away from their (imaginary) fears.When the city is evacuated, only Batman and a handful of law enforcers take up the fight against the city which is currently crawling with criminals. When Batman receives Intel from Oracle, commissioner Gordon’s daughter, that Ace Chemicals is the brewing spot of the toxin, Batman spares no effort in trying to stop the madman. Sadly, it seems another evildoer is out for Batman, who is also in cahoots with the dreadful Scarecrow. This mysterious figure is known as the Arkham Knight, who looks like a Batman copycat with a more ‘mecha-like’ suit.The main plot of the game progresses in a fairly fast pace, if you solely concern yourself with the main quest. Overall the story feels like a theatrical experience.Graphics -Batman: Arkham Knight looks stunning. Whilst the city shows not that much life in the sense of many inhabitants running around, it does so in many other ways. You’ll be cruising through streets with buildings with heaps of details, great textures and a lot of the smaller obstacles are destructible. Whilst the latter may not sound that impressive, it shows a lot of interactivity with the city and even more, that the developers wanted their city to be alive.Characters in the grim city look detailed, albeit that some enemies are overused. Batman and the main characters all look great, with the same dark vibe surrounding them. It seems the harsh existence has taken its toll on all the warriors of justice and this is quite clear with how everyone looks.Overall the game aims for a very dark atmosphere and it more than succeeds in accomplishing that goal.Sound  -With mood setting music, loud punch noises and enough explosions, the sound also does its best to set the mood. Whilst everything is already top notch, it will still be the voice acting that steals the show. The voice of Kevin Conroy will immediately be recognized by longtime Batman fans. As he has been voicing Batman on many occasions since the nineties, he is simply a top asset for the atmosphere of the game.Gameplay/Combat -Combat feels intuitive but also stiff at the same time. Punching your foes into submission and pulling off basic counters works quite well and will make sure the combat is rather fluent, while on the other hand the extra commands and combos feel annoying, as they are often only available for a very short amount of time. The same can be said for aerial attacks, as the command for the much appreciated attack does not always appear/trigger when you want it to.Of course the game offers ample upgrades for you to choose from when you gain more experience. Like in many games, Arkham Knight works with different skill trees where you can choose new upgrades, combos or skills from. The options seem rather confusing at first, but after a bit of investigation they become easy to work with.Conclusion - RecommendedBatman: Arkham Knight proves to be a great mix of gameplay, graphics and sound with a grand, yet grim, story-line that reigns supreme. Whilst the Bat-mobile proves to be an overused asset of the game, you’ll still find plenty of other things to do that will occupy you for hours to come.Outside of the main objective there’s enough of side material for you to process. You’ll be able to ‘solve’ the Riddler’s puzzles, which is simply gathering collectibles and there will be other side quests available as well. Enough content if you’d rather level up a bit, before tackling the main problem at hand.Truth be told, in many ways I feel as if this review is only scratching the surface of many areas in the game. That being said, I’d rather keep it a bit shorter for you to discover more about the gadgets, side quests and of course the main plot of the game."
76561198041863212,Recommended,208650,33237203,Posted: 4 July,all,VCooLX,"I liked it. I liked the gameplay, i didn't like some confusing things in the last area since it has 3 different levels of elevation and i didn't know where to be. The batmobile drives like a pretty understeering car. Challenges are annoying to do, Protocol Knight Fall was kind of annoying, but not quite since i only had Nigma to capture, still he was kind of an annoying boss, but overall it was ok. The ending didn't feel satisfying, not the normal one, not the Knight Fall one. It just felt like an actual ending was missing. But overall i still like the game, even if it has it's flaws, i played it on my super decked out, ghetto PC with a Core 2 Quad Q8300 2.7Ghz, 8Gb RAM and a Sapphire AMD R9 280X. And it ran fine most of the time and never gave me problems when i needed the frames. The port is bad, but it's not as bad as to actually make me not want to play. The game is good enough to make me want to finish it. So, no matter what your opinion is, this is just my review and somewhat my reason to like this game and since im bad at explaining why i like it im just gonna say that i just feel i like it.That's it scrubs, have a nice day, evening, night or whatever. Batman out."
76561198011668758,Recommended,208650,25579854,"Posted: 18 September, 2016",all,Keego Extremo,"Alright, so the easiest and quickest way I can describe it is this; imagine a pie. Arkham Asylum, city and origins, all had 3 pieces of varying size consisting of melee combat, predator scanarios, and detective work/story. Now Arkham knight, just imagine that pie, but with a really big piece that fell on the floor called ""tank combat"". That's about it.Same great batman game, just for some reason it has a tank in it. The tank sections aren't particularly fun, but they are tolerable at least in small dosage. If you're new to the series, go play Arkham Asylum and city first."
76561198202750610,Recommended,208650,25580414,"Posted: 18 September, 2016",all,sdadsa,"This was first arkham game and after all the hate for it i was a tad scared of buying it but other than the ""Few"" key word few fps drops the game ran smoothly and i loved it !"
,Not Recommended,208650,25585611,"Posted: 19 September, 2016",all,F.U.R.Y,"my game is not running.....not even for 1 min....the screen keeps blinking.....please help,i really want to play this game"
76561198250002166,Recommended,208650,28412443,"Posted: 16 December, 2016",all,X6V-Prestige,Amazing game but you need a preety good pc with nividia
76561198195959149,Not Recommended,208650,16673828,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,HanselGhost,"My rig>>CPU: Intel Core I7 4790  3.6GHzRAM: 16GB DDR3GPU: ASUS STRIX-GTX970-DC2OC-4GD5OS: WIN 8.1 Pro 64bitI trust that my rig is above recommended setting, while all the games that i have (GTA V, Watch dogs, Dying lights, Wolfenstein.The New Order, Far Cry 4, Wolfenstein The Old Blood and etc) able to running very smoothly at highest settings with all effect enable, but in Batman: AK, the graphic is just ain't right and worst than my PS4 copy. Deeply disappointed.Developers, please fullfill your responsibility towards all of PC customers and please do your job!"
76561197970496097,Not Recommended,208650,16683712,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,Deathwalker,"Stutter, Stutter, Stutter, blurry graphics and textures....My PC is: i7 4790k @ 4.00Ghz,  GTX970 and 16 GB of ram. I should not be having these issues. We in the PC community spend a fortune on hardwre upgrades and Rocksteady/WB tell up to use setting simalar to the PS4... But wait the PS4 version is graphically better.... How can that be? I was looking forward to this game so much. Feel totatlly let down.Wait till this game is fixedDo Not Buy...."
76561198143959350,Not Recommended,208650,16684304,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,Ziggy,I have to commend steam for introducing the new refund policy in time for this game.I was going to wait it out (for the term of the refund policy) to see if they would fix this game.But I think I have the right to be a little angry at a game that will not work at all for me.thumbs downand no more pre-orders
76561198065078856,Not Recommended,208650,16684201,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,patricio.berrios,"Technically my PC meets all requirements and has all recent drivers, but the game doesn't even start, the screen keeps on flickering. I think the guys complaining about capping FPS are lucky compared to no game at all.A total rip-off"
76561197999916684,Not Recommended,208650,16684656,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,A. Bodhisattva,"Preordered.  Returned it in 15m after load.I have minimum specs (which bumped up at the 11th hour).  Was really looking forward to playing, but even on the lowest Everything settings it's unplayable.  Too bad.  I'll wait until it's patched and on-sale down the road, and maybe get a new machine.I wonder how much revenue they lose by a ♥♥♥♥♥♥ PC roll-out like this, with people returning and buying when it's $10 instead of the $80 or whatever I paid?  Thing is: I would have paid it if it were playable as preorder.  Ah well.  Also: who they hell did they outsource the PC port to?  Because: fire all those guys, forever.  What a ♥♥♥♥♥♥ release."
,Recommended,208650,28821615,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,NelyL,GET THIS GAME....now!
76561198075112144,Recommended,208650,32881065,Posted: 27 June,all,Lucky_Jack,Fantastic!One of the best games ever (like Arkham CIty too).The batmobile is so cool.....i bought it at summer sales for 15e + 15e for season pass.
76561198077557832,Not Recommended,208650,16650799,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,Mulp,Man you guys are lucky to even get past the title screen. I can't even do that. Don't you wish you could play the games you buy day one? I think that used to be a thing back in the day.
76561198005176478,Recommended,208650,25587540,"Posted: 19 September, 2016",all,Shiorishii,Good framerates. :) Never crash once.
,Recommended,208650,25587683,"Posted: 19 September, 2016",all,Rhaegar Targaryen,"Im suprised my PC can run this well, the games already fixed.Specs:Intel I3-4150 3.5ghzNvidia GTX 750ti"
,Recommended,208650,25593516,"Posted: 19 September, 2016",all,Thiago Baptista,"I didn't have any of the technical issues reported when this title launched. I have a GTX 960 and the game runs smoothly for me.This game is the best in all the series and, about that, here's a funny thing: regarding the embedded narrative (the story itself), this game is not as good as Arkham City, which remains the best of all four games; this Arkham Knight's story is shallow at some parts, and not emotionally engaging - even with it's many plot twists and dramatic happenings.But regarding the gameplay as a narrative medium, not only it is the most solid, well balanced and well crafted design in all the series, but it also has some of the most cunning and innovative uses of the camera and the gameplay as means to tell a story of all games in this generation.For instance, the scenes in which Batman interacts withhis Joker hallucinationuses the player's camera movement in order to change the environment, in a boldness that only the interactive art of videogames can afford.Highly recommended!"
,Recommended,208650,32590687,Posted: 20 June,all,spookybacon,"following arkham city scarecrow decides to try and kill america and alerts everyone and gives them a days notice before he tries it. it is up to you, spider-man, to kill him and save arkham asylum.batman now takes it into his duty to severely injure random rioters with no affiliation to any supervillain while he deals with hallucinations acquired from scarecrows McFear Gas in which makes him have hallucinations of the dudehe killed in the last gamethis game is like arkham city but improved in some places, and completely ruined in others. the batmobile is not actually fun at all and someone obsessively implored the devs to put it in every opportunity possible. game ran like crap at release so much they stopped selling it but now its back and sort of works. combat however has almost been perfected with the exception of the pointless charging attack that enemies now perform.ive only got so many hours cause of the combat challenges"
,Recommended,208650,28826284,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,PEACE MINUS ONE,"To start with, I have played all the Arkham games and this is my personal favorite. The gameplay has been improved and refined althought the mechanics are same. Performance wise this game is now well optimised and the nvidia settings may cause some frame drops if you turn that off the game will run very well. I got 60fps most of the time on GTX 950 with everything on high except textures due to vram limitation and nvidia gameworks on except for smoke and debris.The game looks stunning, no matter what the settings are.The story in this game, I liked it, rarely a game keeps me interested till the end and damn the riddler.Ps. thanks Abhi9/10"
76561197996916070,Not Recommended,208650,20970280,"Posted: 5 February, 2016",all,daze9900,Congrats WB you got my money. When I heard about the problems with this game I figured okay give them some time to sort out the kinks and for driver support to be better. When they re-leased the game I was like wow they can't be real selling it at full price with all of the negative publicity. Finally I said what the heck let me add this to my wishlist and see what happens if it ever goes on sale. They hit the sweet spot with a 50 percent off and suckered me in. Completely unplayable. My system is not that bad for it to be stuttering like this. Game crashed on the initial start where Batman is diving off to start the game. Holy $596fest  Batman.
,Not Recommended,208650,16655944,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,Rob,Where do I start... From the second I launched the game I saw the worst fps I've ever seen in my entire life. The game has a 30 fps cap that you can change by going into the game folders. I have an r9 290 and an AMD 8-core FX-8370 4.0G CPU. I should be able to play this game no problem. I was getiing bad fps in the cutscenes too! The moment I drive the batmobile I decided enough was enough. I couldnt even play the game. Looks like I'm going to be testing out steams new refund policy.
,Not Recommended,208650,16655563,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,DJnight,a good game but a bad PC port .wait and see if it's fixed .
76561197961126576,Not Recommended,208650,16655750,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,Zmidponk,"I am in the interesting position of actually being unable to give a review of the game, per se.  Why?  If the game were to be working correctly, it might be up to the same excellence of the previous two games in this trilogy (Arkham Asylum and Arkham City), or even exceed that.  However, given that the game actually hangs for about half a second every five seconds or so, and runs out of memory after about 10 minutes of playing, despite me having 16GB, double the recommended amount, with even turning down all graphics options to their lowest possible settings not having any effect on this whatsoever, it is utterly impossible to form any opinion of the gameplay, storyline or anything else.In short, this is a terribly optimised mess that you should certainly pass on right now.  A real shame, given how good the previous Batman games from Rocksteady actually are."
,Not Recommended,208650,16655769,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,KlaudNine,"{my specs}GeForce GTX 980mIntel(R) Core(TM) i7-4710HQ CPU@ 2.50GHz - 3.50GHz16.ram3840-2160, 60Hzand the game blinks alot...i cant even click option. i cant even Alt+f4 nor Alt-tab.im still waiting for the patch for this....so please please please fix it..please..i wanna play this game soo bad now"
,Not Recommended,208650,16655576,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,Bifte,"Re-release update / warning:ATTENTION!To everyone thinking of buying Batmobile skins DLCs!Be careful! The ""About this content"" section is misleading!You can ONLY use these Batmobiles through the challenge maps!NOT the main game because they don t have Battle mode available!If you select them as active, the campaign (normal and ng+) won t even start,prompting you to change to a Batmobile that has Battle mode!Stay AWAY from this game until it is properly patched.It is unplayable right now, even on high end pcs."
76561197974966380,Not Recommended,208650,16664916,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,VanDoor,Absolute garbage
,Recommended,208650,22227471,"Posted: 3 April, 2016",all,Ricochet,"I don't get why everyone hates this game. I've put nearly 3 days worth of hours into this game and have a perfect 60 frames per second at MAX, and haven't experienced a single bug throughout my entire 75 hours of this game.  Maybe I'm lucky, maybe it's because I use NVidia, I have no clue. What I do know is I ADORE this game and love every second of gameplay. The fighting is smooth and fun, the driving feels amazing, the stealth segments can be quite challenging. If you aren't sure about this game, buy it, play for about an hour and a half, and if you don't like it, steam offers refunds now."
,Recommended,208650,24415891,"Posted: 19 July, 2016",all,Mordeth,"Picked this up during steam sale. Wow this game is amazing. Probably the best looking game I have seen visually especially with all the Nvidia Gameworks on and everything on Ultra. Playing at 4k at around 60fps, sometimes drops to 40 depending on the situation, but for 3840x2160 resolution, that is perfectly fine. BTW running a single 980ti overclocked.I have played through Arkham Asylum and City and liked those fine, but this one just blew me away. The story is good as always on these and the usage of the Joker in the story is a smart concept.The gameplay is as good as always but even with the more options to take out enemies or you can still kick♥♥♥♥♥the old fashioned way. I did something I never did on the other Arkham games is solve all of the Riddler puzzles. I just didn't want the game to end when I knew it was coming. I am now going through a 2nd play through with all of my skills unlocked just because I love this game so much. This is something I rarely do on games with the exception of maybe the Mass Effect series.I highly recommend this game especially if you have the system to run it at max settings. It's just beautiful."
76561198067342801,Not Recommended,208650,18651956,"Posted: 23 October, 2015",all,RealSavage9000,NO
,Not Recommended,208650,18650883,"Posted: 23 October, 2015",all,Timothia Benedictus,"Runs terribly, patched way too late and still lacks DLC which I heard is of low quality anyway."
76561198201928960,Recommended,208650,22021555,"Posted: 24 March, 2016",all,waddabeast,"i was very skeptical about purchasing this game on my pc after seeing the mixed reviews, but i did it anyway. the gameplay isnt too smooth but it is playable, i would recommend this game to people with very strong computers."
,Not Recommended,208650,18730226,"Posted: 28 October, 2015",all,Oppai Daisuki Dragon,"The biggest disappointment of the year. The game is normal , but the attitude of the publisher to the devoted fans just awful . Never again I will preorder , and buy games from the WB, and do not advise anyone .Самое большое разочарование этого года. Игра то нормальная, но отношение издателя к преданным фанатам просто ужасно. Никогда больше не буду предзаказывать, да и покупать игры от WB, и никому не советую."
76561198100828613,Recommended,208650,23960489,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,AttackoftheGout,I am *lag* batman.
,Recommended,208650,24044753,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,⚡ Mithrandir ⚡,+ Pros:- Amazing Story- Gigant Open World- Photo Mode- Batman------------------------------------------ Cons:+ Too Much Batmobile-----------------------------------------GAME IS FIXED GO BUY IT!
,Recommended,208650,23974073,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,Berserk | CSGOROLL.COM,"I've already beaten this game once on the PS4, and I decided to purchase it again because it was such a great game for such a low price. I have to say that this batman game was one of the best videogames that I've ever played, with an amazing story and the best scenery.The bodies still give me nightmares10/10"
76561197996265365,Not Recommended,208650,16653511,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,Grim,nope nope nope.... game is unplayable.refunds allaround :D
76561198120414052,Recommended,208650,34482987,Posted: 25 August,all,Prince,Very good game!!
76561198020467391,Not Recommended,208650,16654206,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,Kesler,"As of right now, this is a mess. If you've purshesed this game, wait a day or two and see if any patches emerge that dramaticly improve the games performance. If not, take advantage of Steam's new refund policy, and show WB that when you release a product, it actually works.They should have taken more time on this port, because it is laggy and unplayable. In comparison, I can run Shadow of Mordor (another WB game) on max settings with only occasional dips in frame for a second or two.This, however, is atrocious, and should in no way be purchased."
,Not Recommended,208650,16685363,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,EGY-Meedo,"game is not ready to b released, that was a mistake.the textures are horiable.the frames are low with 30 fps cap. & if you changed it manually, the frame drop rate makes the game unplayableif you have an AMD gpu, u can forget about this game.clearly those images up there doesn't reflect the real game play.sad thing to see from WB.I pre-ordered the game, but now, sorry guys, i'ma ask for refund, coz u just lied to us by promising a great game."
,Recommended,208650,24568983,"Posted: 27 July, 2016",all,Diokaza,"There's severel issues that has not been fix yet , Like Hitching/Shuttering while driving the Batmobile...GOOD THING:-Good Storyline-Good graphics-Good voice acting-Variety of villains included- Good side mission-FREEROAM AND GLIDING , BECAUSE YOU""RE FORKING BATMAN-BatmobileBAD THING:= Severel texture glich=Performence issues= 3gb Vram for normal texture? DAFUQ?=Vysnc is Broken (TO STOP THE SCREEN TEARING , CHANGES FULLSCREEN TO WINDOW BORDERLESS}Final Verdict : 7.8/10It's the best Batman games I'II ever played."
76561198160411908,Not Recommended,208650,16672385,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,undercovernoob14,"Horrible, just Horrible.The game is good.But it runs worse than a crippled  pig."
76561197978063793,Not Recommended,208650,16652918,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,TommyDeus,"Game is absolutely broken on release. Impossible to play, impossible to review. Shame on WB/ Rocksteady for outsourcing to a hack 3rd Party Port PC studio. Even more shame for asking for ~$100 total for the game in its entirety. Any other type of product sold in this state would be pulled for a recall. I seriously hope that they do something bold to fix this and bring in a new studio to un-frak this FUBAR of a port."
,Not Recommended,208650,16671426,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,The Top Man,"Astroundingly broken on release, and I have no confidence in either publisher Warner Bros or developer Iron Galaxy fixing this stinking turd. The store page is WRONG, Rocksteady did NOT work on the PC version of this, Dave Lang's merry band of hacks did.Erratic frame rates on Earth-striding mega-PC's, missing textures, inexplicably capped at 30 fps, a benchmark tool which seems oblivious to the constant frame hitching, chronic bursts of stuttering and hard disk abuse, glitched animations, the problems go on and on.The worst part? I cant even get my money back because I bought it through GMG instead of copping the Nice Beaches tax-gouge from the Australian Steam store.Hopefully sanity prevails and Rocksteady takes this smoking wreck off Iron Galaxy and fixes it themselves ASAP, I cant imagine what they were thinking outsourcing its development when the previous games had been so reliable (for the most part).Until this is brought up to a satisfactory standard, everyone involved with the development of the PC version of Arkham Knight can go ♥♥♥♥ themselves sideways."
,Not Recommended,208650,16672395,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,Shake Appeal,This is a good game made terrible by laziness and greed.
76561198106152586,Not Recommended,208650,16652132,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,Cara<3,AMD Cant play this game so if you are AMD card dont buy it ! (Waste money)
,Recommended,208650,30048939,Posted: 19 February,all,Briz,"It's a pretty great game overall, with a lot of content to explore. The dlc is also worth, since it has a lot more content and you actually get your money's worth out of it (unlike a lot of other dlc). Experienced no bugs."
,Recommended,208650,25591568,"Posted: 19 September, 2016",all,Meth,I dont seee why people had all this hate on this game. Its alot of fun the gameplay is good and the story is enjoyable. all in all a good game
76561198209561361,Recommended,208650,29209045,Posted: 12 January,all,SPY,1 reason why i dont like about this game is the lag
76561197969062765,Not Recommended,208650,33094359,Posted: 1 July,all,Zef,Here we are quite a while out from release and the game is a stutter/fps drop mess. Even with a gtx 1070 on normal settings I can't keep a consistent frame rate.
,Not Recommended,208650,16679761,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,JCDenton,"I cant recommed it in good conscious in its current state.  The game at its core is fantastic however this greatness is overshadowed by the myriad of technical issues tarnishing the great name of the Dark Knight.Consider this game a beautiful meal prepared to perfection by a talented chef (rocksteady).  Now imagine having that same meal prepared by the local drug addict round the corner.  From a distance the meal may even look appetising but under moderate scrutiny this HIV and hepatitis ridden mess is a complete disaster.Ladies and gentleman I give you Iron Galaxy, who in truth were given a task they were never suited for by a company looking to cut corners."
76561198073045666,Not Recommended,208650,16679826,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,Vendetta_Cloud,Pre-ordered. Installed. Played. Uninstalled. Refunded.
,Not Recommended,208650,16659308,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,Beef Supreme,"unplayable in current state, framerate is horrid. don't buy"
,Not Recommended,208650,19161239,"Posted: 19 November, 2015",all,Ser Barristan Selmy,"Oh for the love of God.I wanted to believe in Rocksteady. This game was poorly optimized and continues to be, but they have been working on it forever and they just announced that there will be no Multi-GPU support. I run SLI 760's. They have been saying they will add it for months and then say this. I'm done with this game. Do not get it. It runs like turd."
76561198006659716,Recommended,208650,24728517,"Posted: 5 August, 2016",all,The God Emperor,"The game looks fantastic and runs very well.The gameplay has received further polish and if you like the Batmobil like I do, then this may become your favorite Batman game."
,Recommended,208650,21120543,"Posted: 10 February, 2016",all,crippknottick,"Disclaimer: Let me first say that I have only just recently purchased and played the game. I have not completed the game nor got very far into it as of yet. I have only played enough story line to unlock the Batmobile, and have mostly felt out just the combat, mechanics, and performance of the game.Let's start with elephant in the room... the performance. From what I have experienced the opening interactive cut scenes ran brilliantly at a solid 60 fps (actually quite more consistent than Arkham Origins). All the way up to Batman's first appearance. Then I started gliding and saw the huge stuttering issues. Fighting, running, or otherwise exploring without gliding is a stable 60 fps.Now, it's not as if the fps actually go down as much as it is like the fps lock to 30 while new objects are loaded into the scenery, then immediatley return to 60 fps. I made one tweak to the ""...\steamapps\common\Batman Arkham Knight\BMGame\Config\BmEngine.ini"" file. I changedbUseBackgroundLevelStreaming=TruetobUseBackgroundLevelStreaming=False. While this did not 100% eliminate the stuttering issue it did eliminate approximately 80% of it. The game is now perfectly playable.For the record my specs are:*Windows 7 Home Premium 64-bit*Biostar H61MLB*Intel i5-3570k at stock speeds*16GB DDR3 1333 RAM*EVGA Nvidia GTX 970 FTW Edition ACX 2.0*Western Digital Black 4TB 7200 RPMI played with all max settings @ 1680 x 1050 x 60Hz except two features: Interactive Smoke, and Paper/Cloth Debris. The game is absolutley beautiful looking, truly next-gen graphics, and yes it is Crysis 3 level of visuals.The game did not experience any fps 'spurts' when locked to 30 fps. The game also had better visuals with the Nvidia Enhanced Rain when locked to 30 fps (while they seemingly diminish at 60 fps). It is probably best to have this game on an SSD with the one .ini tweak to get the best experience for 60 fps.My conclusion of the performance at this point in the game's current state is less than satisfactory, because of the stuttering when ""faster than running travel"" problems. But, I must admit that Arkham Knight performs better post-patch than post-patch Arkham Origins does on the same hardware.The atmosphere is great. The NPC's have so many things to say and so many unique animations to their actions and staged conversations.The story has a great pace to it, but one thing it hasn't acheived to this point in playing the game is anything overdramatic or plot twisting. Which is a bad thing. Because Batman's last game should be over-dramatic and thrilling in every moment. The only thing thrilling yet about the game is the combat.The combat is EXTREME Arkham style Free Flow combat. If any game developer tried to top this formula of combat it would kill it like the early 80's killed disco. Good things must come to an end. I'm afraid to play Mad Max which I also purchased along with Arkham Knight, because it is more of something that has reached it's peak of what it can provide.There is my impression of the game so far. And I must say, Saints Row 2 is still the worst PC port ever. Some people have said this current version is just as bad (just marginally better) then it's release version. If that is the case, and you truly believe that, then I will buy you a copy of Saints Row 2 and let you experience true PC port hell. The problems with Saints Row 2 are so bad that not even my PC rig can muscle it's way through all the issues."
,Recommended,208650,28763820,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,hellwalker,I'm Batman! 10/10
,Recommended,208650,30752229,Posted: 26 March,all,Dr.Doctor,"Fantastic overall game.  The visuals are quite fantastic.The pacing is also better improved, I feel, and the combat has good variety.One has to wonder though... how did the Riddler get all the funds to make the gigantic industrial-strength underground racetracks?  Kind of really breaks the immersion.I agree w/ a lot of people; the batmobile is a bit much.In terms of the trilogy, I think Arkham City hits the sweet spot.  This is probably third.  Kind of like the original trilogy Star Wars.Now that the PC port is decently polished (No SLI, sniffle), I strongly recommend fans of the series give this a go."
76561198122086837,Not Recommended,208650,20555768,"Posted: 15 January, 2016",all,Lynx,EVERYTIME I OPEN THE GAME IT SAYS BATMAN ARKHAM KNIGHT STOP WORKING. FIX THIS!! I PAYED ALOT OF MONEY FOR A GAME THAT DOESNT EVEN WORK!
,Not Recommended,208650,16687130,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,Shane,"In regards to Arkham Knight:Ex: We were promised a extra large sized popcorn with butter and with your choice of some salt to go with it. Delicious, I know.What we got. A small, old, greasy empty popcorn bag.@#$! you Warner Bros or whoever F'ed up!Buggy as hell. Would not recommend. Planning on refunding."
76561197964866211,Not Recommended,208650,18307247,"Posted: 3 October, 2015",all,Conputer,This is a buggy piece of crap that should never have been released.
,Not Recommended,208650,18776304,"Posted: 30 October, 2015",all,GS,story is alright. gameplay is great. runs really bad (even after patches) wait until its €10 or less
76561198077780380,Recommended,208650,21031878,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,getupkid10,"runs perfectly fine on my 970, solid 60 fps all around. graphics are beatiful, gameplay is  similar to the others in the series plus a few new interesting mechanics."
,Not Recommended,208650,16674010,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,Serpent Of Eden,"Tried running it with my intel i7-3770 @3.40GHz, 8GB RAM, AMD Radeon HD 7800 etc etc. Runs like♥♥♥♥♥♥ even the cutscenes are laggy as hell. It's unplayable. There is a special place in hell for the people who made this abomination of a game. I'd rather play Minesweeper and at least that doesn't take up well over 30GB of harddrive space.I seriously regret pre-ordering this pile of crap, if I could get a refund I would in a heartbeat."
,Recommended,208650,18926611,"Posted: 7 November, 2015",all,«✪Farron✪»™,Finished the game and received full refund. 10/10 would purchase another game from Warner Bros. in the future!
,Recommended,208650,21117885,"Posted: 10 February, 2016",all,Lord Munchking,"The framerate is actually decent now, and the game is fantastic, but if you have a ps4/xbox one, buy it there instead."
76561197979635151,Not Recommended,208650,31630060,Posted: 8 May,all,Crockpot,"(1 spoler)Got this on discount. Spent quite a bit of time on the game. There is one thing I absolutely love in this gave and it is the Joker. I love it every time I see him.However:There is less stealth than in previous games, fighting has taken a front seat.The tank game is a terrible addition and incredibly frustrating.Also, the game ran fine on my system in case people think that there are still problems with the engine."
,Recommended,208650,33647710,Posted: 19 July,all,Zarozax,"Buyer beware: This game is very hardware intensive, riddled with bugs (pun intended), and full of CONSTANT crashes unless you satisfy every condition the game requires to stay stable.All that being said, the game itself is really fantastic. Piloting the Batmobile is extremely fun and easy and the combat is simple and very satisfying. A good handful of combat and predator mechanics have been added, and they really add to the game feel and flow of fighting. Gliding over the (gigantic) city is effortless. The city and environments themselves are absolutely gorgeous and almost entirely destructible. This did come with a price, however, in that I lost frames all the time even running a pretty mid to high end rig.As for the story, an M rating is exactly what this franchise needed. The villains are very threatening and have a lot to say about Batman's inner demons. The narrative is dark and tackles a lot of shady segments of the Dark Knight's past, which was very engrossing as someone who doesn't necessarily know a ton about the Batman mythos. The game has a decent pace but it feels like you're running in circles sometimes. Luckily, the game isn't padded out with an unnecessary amount of collectibles: the game has half the Riddler challenges as City.Overall, this game is a worthy ending to the Arkham series."
,Recommended,208650,28633919,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,ROdNEY,"I was very surprised how the game actually runs on mainstream HW (AMD FX 8350+RX480 is not high-end CPU nor GPU for that matter and I don’t even have 16GB RAM which developers also recommend). It feels very fluid on highest settings, there is very little stuttering, but very few occasional crashes, which I also had few in Batman Origins.For reason, I cannot really explain the game is fine - performance-wise. As far as I know its build on heavily modified UE3, which might suggest it is going to look old and ugly, but it is the exact opposite. The game looks great! It is actually one of the best-looking game I have ever played. And even gameplay is very good, it is the best batman game so far.I cannot talk for performance on other configurations, but in my case, I certainly cannot complaint."
,Recommended,208650,26652117,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,Hitly,"I remember buying this day one on ps4 with season pass when I was a console pleb. Felt bad for PC players who had to deal with the horrible port. Heard it was fixed now so I got the premium edition on sale for like $10-20 only a month ago. I started playing and I was met with constant lag and frame dips, sound and audio would cut for a few seconds multiple times. I thought great it's still broken here and Rocksteady has bamboozled everyone. Then when I reset my computer a few days ago the game runs PERFECTLY WITH MAX SETTINGS on my core i56700k, nvidea gtx 1070, 8gb ram. Either the game didn't download properly the first time, or some hardware/software was screwing with it.The story gets critized for the failed hype of the Arkham Knight's identity/using the batmobile. Other than that the game is pretty good for a finale of a loved series.TLDR: Game is solid 8/10, good story, too much batmobile, holy graphics batman, season pass content ok, only worth it for $20 or less. If the game has performance issues, consider deleting and redownloading before leaving a bad review."
76561197973408936,Recommended,208650,28661792,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,pumpkinthehead,Hate reviews about how it was buggy in the past.  Works great now.  Recommend it because Batmobile.
76561197968519905,Recommended,208650,33164522,Posted: 2 July,all,franco,As a die hard mouse and keyboard PC gamer this game acctualy allowed me to enjoy using a gamepad.(xbox) controller. this is a great game great grpahics great story line. Just a great game
76561198116335084,Recommended,208650,21052191,"Posted: 8 February, 2016",all,elzawico,I bought this game in February 2016 and was little unsure if this will be money well spend as I read all the bad reviews on steam and that the game have problems on windows 10. Anyway I thought I will give it a go.It turned out that there is no problem with the game at all. All settings max out and I have ~90fps all the time. My rig is not top spec and the game looks AWESOME!!! Just buy it and enjoy.My specs: i5 4690K 3.5ghz. GTX 970 4GB Strix OC
76561198180697873,Recommended,208650,20987229,"Posted: 5 February, 2016",all,Droid8Apple,"Okay, I'm hoping other people are smart enough to check the RECENT reviews for this game like I did. I wasn't sure about it because of all the negative reviews that for some reason are done months ago, yet the first thing you'll see when looking at reviews. I understand the ""was this helpful"" thing weighing in, but only for a short while. Allow me to explain...~GAMEPLAY~If you have played and liked any of the Arkham series, this game so far is absolutely AMAZING. Remember, that's IF YOU ENJOYED THE OTHERS. This adds so many different things to do. It pains me to see people saying it's redundant and stupid; they should play the others after this and see if that opinion stays the same. The puzzles, the graphics, the bat mobile, and not to mention the ability to do things that other Arkham games lacked. IE- SILENT TAKEDOWNS from the grates, ledges, and the typical crouched behind way. That's enough right there to keep me going because I never understood why the other games allowed ledge take downs to attract others and so on. You can continue your combat multiplier as well as use weapons and do other violent things you couldn't do before. The mini games are great and well thought out (IE- using a crane to adjust a ramp to remote control the bat mobile onto a platform to rescue a hostage, and then having to use the crane again to do something completely different).~GRAPHICS/PERFORMANCE~This is where people are not making sense and need to update their rigs and/or expectations. Maybe even just read the minimum requirements. Based on what I've read from others, I expected Bethesda style bugs and optimization. What I really got was GTA5 level instead. Yes, even in the batmobile my fps are consistent with no lag or stuttering whatsoever unless I just ALT+TAB'd back into the game. It looks and plays FAR better than the last Arkham games. There's absolutely no reason I should be getting the results I'm getting which is much better than consoles IMHO. Interestingly, however, my rig is a ...AMD FX-8350 (NOT overclocked)SLI(x2) EVGA GTX 650Ti BOOST SuperClocked (factory overclocked, no additional overclock done by me)16 Gb 1600Mhz Ram1Tb HDDCoolerMaster CPU Air cooler (Hyper 212 style)*Check my screenshots for the in-game benchmark I ran that average a perfectly acceptable/enjoyable/playable 45fps average IIRC*~*~*~* TL;DR *~*~*~BUY if... You enjoyed the other Arkham games, You meet the recommended specifications, you're Batman, or you see it on sale for $24 like I didDON'T BUY if... You're unsure how to change your resolution, expectations, GPU, or if you did not like the other Arkham games"
,Recommended,208650,21053336,"Posted: 8 February, 2016",all,Jake,"Bought it in feb. 2016 (so after the patches). Works well at 1080p on a GTX 780 / i5 6600K / 16 Gb. Normal/high settings, Gameworks off, 60 FPS most of the time with dips in the 50s / high 40s when zooming around in the Batmobile. No major issues for me, love it (27 hours so far)."
,Recommended,208650,25578517,"Posted: 18 September, 2016",all,Cariazam,"It is the best batgame I played so far. Had fun in the batcar and even more flying over tthe pretty vast city of Arkham. The story is grim, as to be expected of a good batman story. It does suffer a bit from déja-vu gameplay; the concept of 'joy in repetition' is in some parts stretched a bit too far to my liking. On my rig no problems running the game fluidly on ultra settings and through my gameplay only encountered a fatal crash on one occassion.All in all I was very pleased with this game, might even go back to finish some side quests."
,Not Recommended,208650,18891165,"Posted: 5 November, 2015",all,SnowGecko,I was one of the few  who waited for the re-release. I just want to say that I have loved all the arkham series games full heartedlythat is why this game break my heart in so many ways.with my very great spec pc even at medium setting the game chuged and drops in frame rate killed the experince from 10 man fights to any tank battles. the game just became a mess. that is not even using half of my GPU memory.the story and art was a 10 out of 10 but once you intruduced large battles of any sort it took me over 4  hours for one fight due to the lag and non resposive lag that effect any ability to continue.with all the technical difficulties i give this game a 4 out of 10I am just so disapointed and you can't even blame game works because i didn't even have that turned on. how is it that arham origins   ran perfect and this game did not. what else is there to say. I opted for a refund cause i couldn't play this through withought extreme frustration. not in the game but in it working.
76561197977414606,Not Recommended,208650,17767728,"Posted: 29 August, 2015",all,Beasty_Boy89,Rocksteady took Scarecrows glitches and crashes to another level 3/10
,Not Recommended,208650,16680162,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,potatohater,"Probably the first huge AAA game to get the refund shaft - and rightfully so. Surely this is fixable, but you better read up on the patch and performance status with this one."
,Recommended,208650,19381412,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,Keetsune,"Game is great in overal, the reason why rating is so low is that developers did realy bad console port, but after recent patches there is no any issues related bad perfomance, so you may buy it now without any fear, if you love batman as i do - you wont regret it ;)"
76561197968405725,Recommended,208650,21489212,"Posted: 26 February, 2016",all,Mantis,"I'll keep this short and simple. I was a little hesitant to purchace this game due to the many negative reviews regarding the performance and crashing problems, but after many patches and a 40% off sale, I decided to take the chance....I was not dissapointed. This is the best Batman yet. Awesome story, gameplay, and best of all, I did not have one crash or framerate issue during my entire play thru. I have a decent computer (i7 4790 overclocked to 4.4ghz, GeForce 970 4gig, 16gb ram, Window 10pro 64bit, 250gb SSD), so I am sure this helped, but it really looks like they fixed the issues. One of my friends has much lower specs and still gets decent framerate and no crashes. Highly reccomended."
,Recommended,208650,21468499,"Posted: 25 February, 2016",all,Hurp,"Can't comment on the launch issues but it's working perfectly fine now at least. The game itself is ok. It kinda feels like the Arkham games has gotten worse and worse with every title, Arkham Asylum was amazingly tight and I don't really feel that the open world setting makes the game better and now they've added the tank battles which are some of the dumbest things I've ever seen in a game. But it's still fun to play."
76561198006058182,Not Recommended,208650,17723143,"Posted: 26 August, 2015",all,anarchist.23,The performance is terrible and no patch in sight. Also no season pass content released at all.Post perfomance patch update: Dont get your hopes up. Performance is still bad as it was before the patch so better get 12 gigs of ram already
76561198067374347,Recommended,208650,33502821,Posted: 13 July,all,Me_Lene_Nodi,a decent game . the only bad its that if you want to win all the bosses you have to find all the riddles
76561197960561273,Recommended,208650,30293660,Posted: 3 March,all,Cizia,"Bought it on sale for 6$, a real steal!!!If there was problem at the launch of the game today I don't feel anything.I have to admit that I have a good configuration."
76561198065261921,Not Recommended,208650,16681810,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,TheGuyWhosGrim,Refunded. This is what happens when you release an un-optimized and untested video game. I don't know how refunds affect Steam or WB or rocksteady but I hope enough refunds hurts them. I hope every single one of you who have had issues with this piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥get your money back. I'll wait until it goes on sale for 50% + off.You see? I would have gladly given them $60 for a well tuned and tested game but now they don't get jack♥♥♥♥♥♥ not from me.
76561198032043926,Not Recommended,208650,16823703,"Posted: 1 July, 2015",all,oo7angelo,What a total piece of garbage !!!!  I don't believe for one second that Rocksteady didn't test this game in house before launching it. They knew it was broken and still took everyone's money. What a terrinble way to treat your loyal customers Rocksteady and you too Warner Brothers. You should be ashamed of yourselves.
,Not Recommended,208650,16682716,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,ICould,Story of the game and the gameplay might be good but we need to see the game to play it. The game is like a slideshow (Frequently lagging).
,Not Recommended,208650,16702674,"Posted: 25 June, 2015",all,Don Sebastiano,"Let's consider this... if you want to play a PS exclusive game on your PC, you'll use a PS emulator and you'll be happy if the game is barely playable. Well... that's exactly the situation with this game, it's like playing a PS2 game with a poorly optimized emulator, you can enjoy the story, and mostly every game mechanic, but the issue here is that we payed 60 dollars (90 if you bought the premium edition) for this game, this unfinished product. It's unacceptable for a AAA game. So don't buy it, just pirate it, or wait for the ""enhanced"" version that was promised today."
76561198034497256,Not Recommended,208650,16700254,"Posted: 25 June, 2015",all,malachi0246,"If my 3 year old were to try and copy the Mona Lisa, I'd hang it proudly on my refrigerator in spite of it's almost unrecognizable resemblance to Da Vinci's pièce de résistance. That is because it is cute for a 3 year old to attempt to reproduce a masterpiece...but not at all cute for a AAA Publisher to do the same.The PS4 version of Batman: Arkham Knight includes not only a smooth gameplay experience, but all the graphical bells and whistles which takes this franchise to the next level. The PC version on the other hand is plagued with choppy frame rates (on PC rigs that can eat a PlayStation 4 for breakfast, like my own) and lacks the high resolution textures, water textures (Batman and his trusty steed remain miraculously dry in heavy downpours), ambient occlusion, and bokeh.The one platform which this title ought to have showcased the technical and artistic mastery the development team poured years into in order to let this Batman franchise go out with a huge bang, only makes a mockery of the blood, sweat, and tears they shed for this final chapter in the series.I'm glad to hear Warner Bros. halting any more sales for the PC version, as well as Steam and GMG's willingness to offer refunds. That is definitely a step in the right direction. I have to give WB Interactive credit for not sweeping this under the rug as well as a huge thank you to both Steam and GMG for their outstanding and unprecedented customer advocacy.While I have high hopes that a complete re-do of the PC port will prove satisfactory (thankfully Nvidia has volunteered their Engineering and QA expertise to Warner Bros to help this along), the moratorium on selling the PC version of Arkham Knight implies a *very* long wait until these issues are fixed. Let's hope the wait is well worth it."
76561198025799587,Recommended,208650,23831241,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,Dither,like the first two but a bit less story and a bit more gameplay 8/10
,Not Recommended,208650,16664912,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,HaGao,"If you were looking for the Batman experience you dreamed of, wait. The locked framerate (although yes it can fixed to a certain point), crappy textures, film grain, and glitches really take away from the experience. I accidentally left this game on for 2 hours while searching for ways to fix it, and now I'm stuck with it, can't refund.  Do not buy this game now. This game is totally gimped.That aside, the gameplay is solid (would be better if game didn't stutter). Haven't played much to talk generally about the story, but what's the point of talking about it when these issues detrimentally affect the game? Once this game is patched, I will change my review, and hopefully the game will be as solid as the console reviews say.My build:Intel i7-4790K, 4 GHz32 GB RAMNVIDA GTX 970Installed on a 500 GB SSDAnd yes, I have performance issues with this game. I don't know whose fault it was, WB or Rocksteady for handing the PC port (can't believe port is now attributed to PC's now) to the third party, but I just lost faith in the both of them. I used to have so much faith in Rocksteady, that's why I preordered this game so I could play it right on release. Learned my lesson on preordering. Never again will I preorder. Always wait for reviews."
,Recommended,208650,24873261,"Posted: 12 August, 2016",all,LIKEUCARE,"TL;DR: Months after the catastrophe release of Batman: Arkham Knight, how is it? VERY FUN, but disappointing DLC content though! So how does it fit in on this franchise?ARKHAM KNIGHT had such a disaster release for its launch. I had originally pre-ordered and couldn't play it properly (and I wasn't alone; Steam even removed the game from the store for many weeks/months). So I waited... played other games... and once the game returned to the store, waited for a magnificent deal and comes the Summer sales! At 50% off, the game is a steal!THE GAME:In my opinion, this game is the best of the Arkham series. You are pretty much familiar if you had previously played Arkham City and Arkham Origins, however this installment is a much bigger ""playground"". Biggest addition is the Batmobile!The story is very good from start to finish. The gameplay mechanic is very similar to Arkham City/Origins and I didn't really noticed much differences, aside of the Batmobile gameplay.So, I'll just sums it up with Pros and Cons... as usual!PROS:+Voice acting is EXCELLENT! Mark Hamill's back as The Joker! (was absent on A. Origins)+Solid original soundtrack.+Addictive gameplay. The Batmobile adds new aspects and you do have many kind of challenges to do if you so wish!+A few new enemies!+Very good story!+Compared to the previous Arkham Origins game, I didn't felt any gameplay fatigue with this game+I haven't done so but the Riddler Trophies are actually meaningful here and provides you the full ending video. Alas, I hate collecting 243 Trophies to do just that and went to watch that ""KNIGHTFALL protocol"" on YouTube instead!+Game ran very smoothly on my setup, no technical issues!+21:9 UltraWide Screen and 3400x1440p support!+Season of Infamy story DLC is quite good!CONS:-One of the worst port ever released in PC GAMING HISTORY. It took the game months to be playable at acceptable level. It was VERY BUGGY as well. Fortunately, the game is now in perfect condition!-Highly repetitive objectives (optionnal at least!).-The Riddler's puzzles are mostly the same as previous Arkham games, except WAY TOO MANY!-The Season Pass content is very disappointing. It is mostly skins and challenge stuff but the Season of Infamy story content is worth it!OVERALL:Arkham Knight is my favorite Batman Arkham game. The game has the same gameplay for known fans of the Arkham franchise, so you're in known grounds! Since the game is pretty much the same as A. City/Origins, I gave up on all the pointless collectibles and saved time on the story mode instead.RECOMMENDATION:I recommend to hardcore fans of the Arkham series. For newcomers, play Arkham Asylum/City/Origins before. Arkham Knight had a very bad launch but as of now, it is my favorite Arkham game!WHAT'S NEXT?The developers alleged that Arkham Knight is/might be the last Batman game of the Arkham series and honestly, I can understand them. After four Arkham games, it is time to play something else! How about having a Man of Steel game next? I'd surely be down with it!"
76561198044422030,Not Recommended,208650,16708473,"Posted: 25 June, 2015",all,The Last THOT Slayer,well this game is a game that you should buy on consol end of disscussion
,Not Recommended,208650,16668649,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,Good Boy Points,I'll be refunding this if it doesn't get fixed immediately. Broken on launch. Mountain of performance issues and frame rate is locked to 30.
,Not Recommended,208650,21334963,"Posted: 20 February, 2016",all,MashYourFace,"This is a hard game to review. The game itself is the arguably the best in the series. Every inch is packed with so much detail and you feel so powerful as Batman. Technically... it's a mess. Crashes are common as are framerate drops and for some reason vsync drops your fps cap by about 10 frames, so capping it to 30fps with vsync enabled gives you a cap of about 22fps??? Also the keyboard remapping is poor, so just use a controller.So if you have a controller and don't mind the framerate dropping to the low 20's, buy it on special.In other words: Kudos to Rocksteady for another awesome Arkham game and ♥♥♥♥ the people who made this poor♥♥♥♥♥port."
,Recommended,208650,24168569,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,Zeromancet,"Still an odd crash or two every once in a great while, but otherwise functions fine."
76561197997313691,Not Recommended,208650,16655109,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,Deoster,Batman™ : Stutter Knight
76561198047909180,Not Recommended,208650,16806766,"Posted: 30 June, 2015",all,DarkMatter,"They patched it and it runs better. They went a bit overboard on the glitter, it needed something else, maybe more darkness? Less repetative pussles would make it more replayable.I'd recommened it somewhere else."
,Recommended,208650,29683263,Posted: 3 February,all,600piecesof8,"This review is dedicated to people familiar with the Arkham series as in Arkham Asylum (AA), Arkham City (AC) or Arkham Origins (AO)The good feeling is backShort reviewThe game is now in a playable state, but due to what appears to be a memory allocation problem, frame rate drops happen every now and again. Gameplay-wise it merges the best of AC and AO. The new stuff is welcome and adds well. The Batmobil is not just another option, though doesn't annoy as much as some complain.  The map is not as overwhelming as feared, but the story comes nowhere close to AC , still keeps you going. Special praise to the Riddler team: Riddler never felt that good before!Long reviewAfter finishing AC I couldn't wait to get my hands on AO and felt (as many others) utterly disappointed. AO basically served up a flat story and a game w/o love and silly new stuff together with a horrible level design and clunky game-mechanics. It took me a year to start playing AK after I bought it, mostly for the reason that AO kinda killed my love for the franchise.AK also started as a disaster, horrible PC port and the complete scrapping of the Linux and Mac version - really sad.But I can also feel the pain of devs who did an outstanding job in many parts of the game and it deserves more of a credit, than it received.Level design, interfaces & progress treeThe map might be the biggest by size, but in reality it feels no different than AC due to a clever trick of the level and game designers: The buildings are far further apart from each other, but your gliding skills are far improved. If you have done paragliding in AC, you are now a full hang glider concerning your gliding capabilities.AO even sucked at level design and had this tedious bridge to cross, theras AC used an upside down ""U"" shaped map with a no gliding zone at the end to make the map appear to be far bigger than it actually was. AK uses a more elegant version of the same trick having a donut shaped map with just a single grapple point in the middle and water around it (which is divided into 3 islands).Interfaces were another major failure of AO and the ones of AK might not be the most beautiful, but else, they are the best concerning sense and usability. I can mouse-click the buttons again, like I was used to in AC - nice.The progress gives even more freedom than in AC, only some gadgets are introduced quite late for my liking. All moves (including basic ones) are now explained by video which is great.Gameplay, Batmobile & traversalAs mentioned above, gliding never felt that good in any of the Arkham games. You truly own the skies and the ceiling is far higher than in any other game before. Hence there are hardly any gliding challenges in the game. You start with the grapple boost and could add up to two upgrades for an extended boost.I did the Pepsi challlenge and started a combat map before even reading through the key bindings and it felt familiar right away, which was very pleasing. But after a while I noticed more and more subtle differences, which is the best a dev could achieve by introducing new stuff: It fitted, wasn't overwhelming or silly as in AO (the flashbang thingy, anyone?) but also extended the gameplay. That being said not all is excellent.The AO Remote Claw, the Shock Gloves and the Sonic (Shock) Batarangs are gone. The former replaced by the Batclaw, as we know it from AC and the other two by the ability to pick up baseball bats and knock through defences (until they break) and the voice synthesizer respectively.The new combat moves are mostly extensions of existing moves and hence not overwhelming, like an ""Aerial Juggle"" would add a kick to an Ultra Stun with another attack click and things like that. Notably, the enemy AI has new options as a result of merging some of the AO combat with AC's. So you got some enemy charging at you which you can only evade and you have got AA style thugs which have permanent blades or even electrical stun attached to their bodies, so that a Disarm & Destroy would not work anymore.Another new breed are medics, which occur in both Predator and Combat maps and have the ability to heal up to 3 unconscious thugs and also temporarily charge them with electricity on Combat maps.In combat, you now got very cool looking Environmental Takedowns and some new special moves involving your quickfire gadgets, which are not really up to much. Basically most of the new combat moves are more of a filler than anything else.There are only 3 special combat moves, so the Bat Swarm bit the dust. It was useful, but I found I triggered it far too often by accident. Generally, the combat feels not as broken as in AO, but also not as smooth as in AC - somwhere in between.They also heavily worked on the predator maps, introducing a couple of new enemy types, which are mostly worth it. The best might be a drone operator and his drone, covering the high ground as well. Also there are thugs, which can track your detective mode besides the jammer and the mine thug we already knew from AC. Thugs might place sentry guns or wear deflective uniform which results in a colourless detective vision profile. - You can counter any of these threats with your upgraded disruptor, which becomes prep tool number one again. Else, the crypto sequencer got beefed up and is also capable of disabling turrets or triggering environmental traps. Enemies check grates and might hit you with thermobaric grenades, burning a whole grate system.One novelty is the Fear TD, which is basically a noob friendly way of disposing of up to 5 enemies w/o being hit. You don't have to use it, so kinda ok.The Batmobile, well truly the most controversial part of the game. I could see the marketing department and devs for once arm in arm, one side praising the great diversion in target groups, the other marvelling in their little ""technological terror"" as Darth Vader might have put it. How is it?Personally, not the racing game type of person, but to my surprise, it felt quite good and after some trial & error on the challenge maps, I at least managed the two star times. The Batmobile is integral part of the story, but apart from the late game stages given in small doses and not as annoying as I feared (isn't the game about fear after all?).Apart from the traversal or racing bit, you got a combat mode and challenges which aim to copy the combat w/o cars (as in combo and variation points). All in all manageable. The third version is a mix of the two and finally, you do some predator style hit and run against the heavy tanks, which I didn't really like - felt a bit like Killer Croc in AA: Too long.I liked the boss fights in AC, especially Ras, Freeze and final one, wheras I found the endless Bane fight in AO really boring. Credit to them , they tried something new as in a racing and lesser used type of predator boss battle, but ultimately it fell short for me. The racing boss ""fight"" was tedious and the predator boss fight felt like playing the end of AC's Deadshot side quest about 4 times in a row.StoryWell, there is a reason that Joker was in most cases Batman's nemesis in movies over last 3 decades: The sadistical Clown Prince of Crime is simply irreplacable and ironically gave the Batman universe credibility and weight. It was the counterpart of the stiff Batman which was perfectly impersonated by Kevin Conroy's voice. It was the culmination of all these weird and crazy cartoon villains and made it enjoyable. British Rocksteady is at its best when indulging in Joker's dark, black humour. So the funny thug lines are back which change over the course of the main story and some of them are truly hilarious.Batman on the other hand side gets taunted like never before and it is by any means the darkest of all Arkham episodes - not only concerning the humour. (I ran out of lines), but basically AC was too good to top. On AA level."
,Recommended,208650,23889076,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,NerfHerder,It's been fixed from its launch state
,Not Recommended,208650,18846727,"Posted: 2 November, 2015",all,Dragonking,This is so stupid. Can't even launch game!
76561198125082369,Recommended,208650,23961247,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,Smithy Winfred,"Works great, plays great, all issues fixed.  I personally love the batmobile, but it might not be your cup of tea, and its a big feature, so if you don't like it, its not going to be great.  If you like Arkham, get is, especially since its on sale for 15$"
76561198011607930,Recommended,208650,20817015,"Posted: 28 January, 2016",all,Tricki_Dikki,"May still be broken for some, but so far its worked great on my system. I would say avoid if your using AMD and give it a try with an nVidia.Would recommend but buy with caution..."
76561198042942082,Not Recommended,208650,20961183,"Posted: 4 February, 2016",all,moorejon,Can't even get past initial cut scene. Crashes. And having troubles with refund system saying to try again later.
76561198275152799,Recommended,208650,25642379,"Posted: 22 September, 2016",all,chadarjr,"Amazing game! If you're a big Batman fan as I myself am, I would recommend getting the all the DLC as well. This game will keep you occupied forever! There's tons to do and playing it again on a harder difficulty is a blast!"
,Not Recommended,208650,26798026,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Arche,Too much Batmobile
,Not Recommended,208650,16671992,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,Dudebro,Rocksteady Studio is an incompetent developer who manage to port a game in a terrible state
76561198203980468,Not Recommended,208650,16671994,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,captain.alienware,GAMES IS NO OPIN
76561198032207431,Not Recommended,208650,16670202,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,Architect,"The twelve people credited for working on the PC version of Arkham Knight work for Iron Galaxy Studios, a lesser known developer that has primarily developed for the last generation consoles and iOS. This is the team that worked on Destiny for the PS3, the PS Vita version of Borderlands 2 and helped out in the development of Batman: Arkham Origins, which also suffered heavily on the PC at launch.WHO care!!!!Title: Batman™: Arkham KnightGenre: Action, AdventureDeveloper: Rocksteady StudiosPublisher: Warner Bros. Interactive EntertainmentRelease Date: 22 Jun, 2015Rocksteady StudiosRocksteady StudiosRocksteady Studios"
76561198062003714,Recommended,208650,23788702,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,Shiroish,"This game is amazing. Okay it have rough start at release, but at this moment this game rocks, especially if you pick up at summersale, you wont find better deal.Graphics and story wise this is the best batman game ever, no need for anything else, just jump right in!!! Promise this will be good experience.And if you fear that this port is still broken, fear not!! It has been patched.I have cheap♥♥♥♥♥computer (under 500 USD)AMD x4 860kStandard HDD8GB DDR3 ram (running @1600)GTX 760I can play in high settings buttery smooth without stutter and fps more than 30. However for bigger resolution than 1080p and texture you will need 3GB & 4GB VGA (which i dont have sadly), but at 1080p and default texture the game still looks wonderfull.Brave WB Games, this is masterpiece, perfect port for masterrace!!!!!!!!!!"
,Not Recommended,208650,18780871,"Posted: 30 October, 2015",all,mec,Waiting 4 month and get small improvement.
76561198134921256,Not Recommended,208650,18285342,"Posted: 1 October, 2015",all,Robert Spooky Pattinson,"This is so ♥♥♥♥ing heartbreaking. I kept chugging through the game even with all the issues just because I loved the story. Before I knew it I was already 12 hours into the game so a refund was out of the question. When it works the game is great, Just wish I had had the foresight to buy this disaster on PS4     :((((((((((((((((((((((((("
76561198244426630,Recommended,208650,25581961,"Posted: 18 September, 2016",all,Mittenbittens86,"With all the harsh criticism about this game and the way it runs, I waited for it to go on sale drastically before purchasing. Well I can say Batman Arkham Knight runs perfectly on my rig. I'm running an i5 4690K@3.5ghz, 16gbs of ram and a GTX 980 reference card slightly overclocked. At 1080p and settings maxed(interactive fog and debris turned off) I'm getting a constant 60fps with slight dips to around 56-58fps, which isn't bad at all. No worse than The Witcher 3. So if you have a setup similar to mine, you should be just fine. The game is gorgeous. Story is good. Driving around in the batmobile sucks and is repetitive. I liken that aspect to the sailing parts in Assassins Creed Black Flag. Good Game though. I'm enjoying it."
,Not Recommended,208650,17684029,"Posted: 23 August, 2015",all,pUcKeR,August 23rd and still unplayable.
76561198040998156,Not Recommended,208650,16681230,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,You Rack Disciprine,Get Witcher 3 instead. Don't bother with this. Terrible PC port.Save your money for the fully patched version in a Steam sale 3 years from now.
76561198009012051,Not Recommended,208650,16854219,"Posted: 2 July, 2015",all,LaptopNut,"Batman faces his biggest threat yet, an evil entity that  discovered his past and sought to taint his history  forever. After his success in Arkham Asylum and Arkham City, the enemy known only as ''the port'' did all it could to destroy him.Batman called in the big guns, implemented  new tech and gadgets, but the enemy had found a way to  manipulate time slowing his Batmobile to a crawl. He jumped out but the enemy used an unknown technique to slow time  even further.After so many failed attempts to drive and glide, he  contacted Alfred and discovered that over 50% of the funds  his father had left him had been taken from his  accounts.The world he inhabited seemed to change,  buildings that were previously detailed,shiny, covered  with graffiti and standing tall were now flat, reduced in detail and resembled cardboard. This enemy must have been  responsible but what could one do against a force that was powerful enough to slow down time and reduce the detail of the world he lived in?Batman had to admit, he was out of his depth and would  require much more specialized training in order to hone his skills and reawaken his warrior spirit. On returning to the Batcave, he discovered all of his training rooms had been  taken away. According to Alfred, masked men had arrived and removed all of the training equipment, weapons and tech but they had provided him with an address where he could contact them. For a fee, he would get access to his  training rooms again. He couldn't believe anyone would dare hold someone like him to ransom!Batman decided that he would simply return to the city by  foot and continue his training on the way to his new  mission. He interrogated all thugs on his journey but again he noticed the world around him was changing. He knocked one  of the thugs down but they bounced off the concrete, this gave them time to escape.Batman employed his scanners and they detected an anomaly in the time space continuum, the  environment was locked to a speed of thirty frames per second which meant it took him a lot longer to reach his target.By the time he had questioned all of the thugs, it was  already the next day and things were becoming worse. His  Batcave had been infiltrated yet again but to make matters  worse, he found out that another version of him was active  in a different dimension and this world had none of the  problems he was experiencing, the environment had no slow  down of time, his Batmobile was able to reach high speeds  and he was able to access his training rooms without beingheld to ransom or conned. He contacted Alfred to see if  there was a way to access this new dimension but the line  began to exhibit strange static noise.An alert sounded from his remote security centre but the  warning didn't make any sense. Before he could access the  computer, it crashed. He rebooted and everything seemed to  be ok before crashing again. He continued tracking thugs until one of them gave  him a useful clue. He became prepared for them to bounce of the concrete and caught them in mid air. He held one from a building but the detail in the bricks vanished before his  eyes almost distracting him but he still managed to get a  clue.He was about to call the Batmobile in but thought better of it, he didn't want the world to slow down again so decided  to walk. After 8 days, he reached the location of a  suspected hideout of ''the port''. He readied his fists and Bat gel, tossed a smoke bomb into the room and kicked his  way in.He looked around. A screen of himself in all of the other  dimensions was playing and each time he moved, time  advanced much quicker in their world. The buildings looked  better, the rain splashed from the ground and ran down his  cowl, he looked good.He tried to access the computers and seemed to be making progress. He reached some very strange code. As he attempted to understand what was going on, a  cloud of gas filled the room. More reports came in from  Alfred about missing money but he seemed to be trying  to warn him about something else before the line went dead.He tried to contact Alfred again but couldn't get through  but it was much worse than he had imagined. The Batcave was being erased as he spoke. He pulled up his scanner trying  to detect the energy signature but it was too late, there  was nothing left. Alfred was gone and the entire world  around him was vanishing.He decided that he had no choice but to call in the  Batmobile. After a ten hour wait, the Batmobile signalled a warning before it also vanished into thin air. He could  hear a voice and question marks appeared on the fading  walls. Perhaps it was a riddle ''what takes twice as long,  costs twice as much, but runs twice as slow?''Usually, such a riddle would pose no challenge for him but he was beginning to vanish much like the world around him.  All of his history, success, loyal followers and people  that would do anything for him, vanishing into the night  from some unknown force. He looked down at his Bat boots as the details in them were reduced until they vanished.A coldness filled him as each part of his body disintegrated. As this was occurring, he received an alert that a new message had arrived. ''You  will never outsmart me Batman,  you can't stop me.''.For the first time in his life, Batman was without a plan but it was too late, only his eyes remained. Before they  vanished, he saw a pattern within all of the question  marks, perhaps it was the answer to the riddle but it  didn't make sense. The question marks formed an image of a  sinking boat surrounded by leaves and in the middle was a  sinking Computer. With no time to think, Batman vanished  along with his world and with it all of his loved ones,  Alfred, the Batmobile and everything that made him who he  was were now gone forever.Was this the end of the Dark Knight or would he rise once again? Only time would tell!"
,Not Recommended,208650,22104576,"Posted: 28 March, 2016",all,sneakyphill,"I own several dozen games on Steam and have been using Steam for several years.This is the ONLY review I've written.I have currently reached about 90% of the main story line completion.  I have enjoyed this game until this point.  Sure there were some:stuttersclipping issues (through the 'floor')slow framesa crash or twoBut the game is enjoyable... if you want to be Batman for a couple hours to crush some skulls.  I mean, we all only want to play this game to find out the end of this Batman saga, right?So at 90% completion my game has been rendered unplayable.  This is extremely unsatisfactory.  The problem I'm experiencing is Batman has all of sudden decided to endlessly cycle and equip random gadgets.  It's frustrating because I can walk around normally but with the hacking device pointed at everything.  Try flying to your next objective like that!  Combat is also next to impossible... you can harldy win a even a 4-Badguy with ONLY gadgets!  This also has affected the batmobile... its constantly in Battle Mode.So at 90% cpmpletion... how am I supposed to take on the End Game under these conditions?UNSATISFACTORYWILL UPDATE IF ANYTHING CHANGES"
,Recommended,208650,25780781,"Posted: 30 September, 2016",all,Did you mean Dopaje,It is dark
76561198109858979,Recommended,208650,24717714,"Posted: 4 August, 2016",all,Kalimonde,"An underrated game, being superior to previous game but cursed by its poor release 9.7/10Pros:- Increased size of the city. Bigger and better.- Graphics are perfect for the Batman gloomy/spooky style.- Scarecrow is as good main nemesis as the Joker, and the voicing performance is in pair- The batmobile controls are fine, and imo I don't see any overuse of it throughout the story.- Side stories are better structured in this installment.- Extra content is vast.Cons:- The story is great, but Arkham City's beat it, AC arc is just supreme- Bad critics from its disastrous release (poor optimization) destroyed the game reputation. However none of these errors remain."
76561198016988324,Recommended,208650,24475528,"Posted: 23 July, 2016",all,Marzipandorica,"So this games run way better than the release. I still consistently got frame drops of 5-10 at 60fps with nvidia gameworks on, the worst offender being interactive fog. the game would go below 30 in high fog areas. With fog off it stayed in 50-60 range but still not the consistent fps i want. The other basic graphic options made very little change or impact on fps and would continue to get drops with everything on low.After a lot of fiddling i found setting fps to 90 in the settings actually completely got rid of the drops even though the game was vsync to my 60hz tv. I'm now able to play with everything on high and most of the gameworks features active, Interactive fog is still unusable and must remain off, unless i lock the fps to 30.Now that i have consistent 60fps the game is fantastic. An excellent conclusion to the arkham series and every aspect of gameplay form arkham city has been expanded on. The batmobile is fun but will feel far overused and tedious by the time you get to the end. I only have 11 hours here but i played a good 50 plus hours or so on my ps4 and completed it 100%. Graphics wise there isn't a huge difference thats immediately noticable outside of the much appreciated increased fps. Also the enhanced physx effects but they are criminaly underused and are only present in few areas.I played on i5 6400 gtx970 4gb vram 16gb ram"
76561197970535465,Recommended,208650,21695224,"Posted: 7 March, 2016",all,Xaimav,"I was very sad to see the disastrous release of this game on PC, ended up waiting for all the patches to be out and I think it was worth it!The game is running butter smooth on my system and didn't hit any problems (currently nearing the end of the game).Its an anwesome ride and the omnipresence of the Joker make it an unforgetable experience."
76561198141787038,Not Recommended,208650,19076534,"Posted: 14 November, 2015",all,ibrahim.bechir,"I have finally finished this game after the long delay for the PC fix. I beat the game on hard and with 100% comlpetion and my review follows.First of, after the end-of-October fix Warner Bros offered reimbursement to those that continue to report problems with the game. In other words: the product may not work.THE GAMEPLAY offered some new and welcome mechanics such as traversing in the Batmobile which felt fresh and relieved my frustration because it was often the fastest way around. Speaking of frustration: I never felt so angry playing a game in my life. The player is forced to collect/solve all the Riddler's trophies/riddles to get the good ending; all 243 even if you got bored after the first ten. These riddles were the majority of my playtime. Think about full time job that you cannot wait to be done with.Hardcore players may not like the 'Multi Fear Takedown' ability that allows you to neutralize upto five enemies by simply highlighting and selecting.The Batmobile battle mode tests your ability to move your vehicle in a grid at the right time. It may be more at home in Tetris. I don't like Tetris; stupid blocks. It is out of the context and resembles a side-game not a side-quest.The fighting is improved but there isn't anything new.THE STORY compared to Arkham City did not feel special as there are some recurring themes that players are very familiar with. As far as the script is concerned it is recycled cliche and some of the dialouge is so cheasy that you could almost hear the voice actors struggling to keep up their villain voices. This is especially true in the recordings that are unlocked as a reward for collecting riddles. Listening to these recordings many players would feel that they could have written much better lines for English class. You will be dissapointed if you were expecting something like Jeph Loeb or Ed Brubaker's writing. I read the extra backstory unlocked by solving riddles but only because the main course left me hungry.THE SOUNDTRACK can be easily swapped with the one from Arkham City and you would not notice; you will be delighted to hear that the bat sounds are new.THE EXTRA GOODIES: Arkham City had more interesting 3D character models that you can pan around and zoom.THE GRAPHICS: When tweaking the graphics options there is a useful bar that will tell you how close you are to your rig's full capacity. I have a 780Ti and 32G RAM and the game had some occasional stutters in the frame rate. Not a big deal but neither are the graphics. You would expect the PC port problems were there for a reason but it only looks a bit better than Arkham City; the rain, debris, mud, etc. The graphics pale in comparison to other AAA games that are Game of the Year nominees of 2015. Other games that don't hiccup and are optimized for your gaming pleasure.THE FINAL VERDICT: a scattered and uncoordinated effort that is good only in some places."
76561198024742781,Recommended,208650,22284089,"Posted: 7 April, 2016",all,jacquesfrost,"Finally was able to buy the game on sale. =)Game ran fine on my gtx760 @ 1440p running steady between 40-60 fps low to mid settings.Performance aside, i would say the game lived up to its name. The batmobile was a great addition, wittingly used to solve riddlers side games. Fighting goons still the same though. Joker's there to keep Batman's lonely♥♥♥♥♥a little more annoying.The story of the game is the best part. It basically wraps everything up in the Batman Arkham franchise."
,Not Recommended,208650,16741165,"Posted: 27 June, 2015",all,Cynicalone,This game is a mess and nobody should support it until it is fixed.Due to the importance of the title you know it will be fixed in a few months just wait.
,Not Recommended,208650,16734413,"Posted: 26 June, 2015",all,twofistfury,"After months of waiting, Arkham Knight is finally released. And as much as i want to play it, i can't bring myself to. There's no denying the game was pretty badly ported. While its still playable on my PC (after the 30fps lock fix) i find it hard to accept that a GTX760 2GB can only run low settings in the game. Turning all the Nvidia Gameworks settings on just brings back the stuttering, and textures sometimes never pop up, leaving the models and environment looking bland and empty. Thats not the way i want to experience this game. If i can play other current gen titles like Witcher 3 and Dragon Age: Inquisition without any hiccups, i don't see why this game can't be optimized further. So for now, it seems i have to wait some more while Rocksteady fixes this mess. I'd tell everyone else to do the same, but it seems they've pulled the game from the store already."
,Not Recommended,208650,25580134,"Posted: 18 September, 2016",all,Drummer34527,I meet all the system requirements and the game will decide to just crash for no reason at random times.
,Recommended,208650,22327737,"Posted: 9 April, 2016",all,elven inside,"I bought this game on march 24th and I have to admit I feel very sorry for the game's score here on steam; it doesn't deserve it. I will be concise.In term of performance is not perfect but it's playable without any problem; in my case with a gtx970, i5 750 @ 3.2 and 16GB ram I was able to play it at 60 fps on avarage with NVidia Gameworks smoke OFF - no crash.Story side, the game is really huge, intense and engaging.Gamplay side, I found it very fun, even the batmobile, sometimes the riddles/races are quite no-sense but still fun to play.The little downside is the lack of memorable boss battle like the ones of the previous games."
76561198036088587,Not Recommended,208650,16706410,"Posted: 25 June, 2015",all,Grommash,Game is looking worse than Arkham City even on highest settings and there is a bug with texture loading that the textures are not being loaded properly and look like a nintendo 64 game. Don't buy it.Second release edit: Still running terrible. Patches did nothing. Don't waste your money on this.
76561198072648394,Not Recommended,208650,21265345,"Posted: 16 February, 2016",all,[KNR]HmoobDude88,"I don't recommend this game, unless you are a diehard fan of the series and can catch the game on sale. I was well aware of the performance issues for the PC version going in, but being a diehard fan I really wanted to play and enjoy this game. I'll admit that the game is gorgeous but only when it's working properly. Some issues I ran into were inconsistent frame rates, dropping down from 60fps to as low as 25fps, stuttering, periods where the game ran fine for 5+ hours, periods where the game crashed every 10 minutes or so.Not to mention I just built a new PC gaming rig and this game almost killed my brand new R9 380. Had one crash where I got and error message and was booted to the desktop. Thought, ok that's fine I'll just reboot the game up. About 10-15 minutes in I started smelling a burning plastic smell. I had on a pair of headphones so I couldn't hear of my GPU fans were on, crawl under my desk to see that my GPU fans weren't spinning. Opened up HWmonitor and it says my GPU temps are 0 degrees, which I knew was an error right away so I shut off the PC in a panick. Turned it back on and the GPU fans turn on full on 100%. Turned it back off, opened up the side panel and my GPU was like burning hot to the touch. Had to point an external fan to cool it off and waited about 30 minutes or so. Apparently the crash caused my GPU to register that it was 0 degrees, therefore even when it was physically overheating the GPU fans never turned on cause it was reading 0 degrees.After that point I was so dissapointed and angry that I just rushed through the main storyline to just finish the game, couldn't enjoy any of the other side stuff. Overall a dissapointing experience."
,Not Recommended,208650,18292446,"Posted: 2 October, 2015",all,Gadzooks,"WB doesnt deserve anyones money for this game. Good, average, bad... it doesnt matter what the actual game is like at this point.The huge screwup, and total lack of caring from WB's point of view, should be enough not to give them your money.WB is a horrible company that doesnt care about you as a customer. They will sell you a crap product that doesnt work and not try to compensate you in any fashion. Even Ubisoft gave customers who bought AC Unit the first DLC for free to make up for its horrible release. (and Arkham Knight was worse than that!)WB doesnt care about you. Dont give them your money. Developers need to learn that they need to start 1. Making quality products, and 2. Giving a damn about their customers. Until they do, gamers need to stop throwing money at them.EDIT: And to rub salt in the wound, they apparently feel that compensation for the horrible way they handled this games release, is to give out free copies of past games. Games that 95% of the players ALREADY OWN.  /facepalm.Dont pay these people."
,Recommended,208650,20520529,"Posted: 14 January, 2016",all,dj912,It's fun
,Recommended,208650,21011779,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,Dan,"49% Positive reviews?Rubbish computer specs? Don't blame the game. It might of had it's problems, some bugs and glitches here and there on release but as of now it is working perfectly for those with a pc who can handle it.0 Problems with this game so far, 100% Happy. Picked it up on sale was definitely a bargain.I'm having the most fun in this Batman game out of all of the four.You don't have to glide painfully slow around the small empty city no more, Batman flies and glides just how he's supposed to do, You have an amazing new batmobile in the game. It's fast, It's Powerful, And it makes exploring the city worthwhile, It's fun to use and it was something that definitely changed the game for the best, The game just feels really smooth and great, Playing as batman in this game just feels like the full and real experience. So far i still prefer Arkham city's storyline and how the characters are presented in the game but Arkham Knight has better gameplay and a good storyline from what i have experienced so far.If you don't like batman then you might not like the game, But if you do then this is the best batman game to date and you should definitely buy the collection and save the best to last. (Arkham Knight)"
,Not Recommended,208650,16669827,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,Farhnir,"Actually the game itself is not bad and might even good if only i could play it normally... Crashes , bugs,graphic issues ( flickering black lines) bad framerate , stutters , sound coming late and fps lock made this game unplayable for now.My medium fps without the lock is 25-42 in city meanwhile in closed building 60-70My spec are :I7-5930k OC 4.2GHZ2x Asus GTX 98016GB DDR4 corsair vengeance 2400mhz...Game is on ssd."
,Not Recommended,208650,16673085,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,45h <AUS>,Game is probably good - the bugs are just immersion breaking. Extremely sh­it port.
76561197968652665,Recommended,208650,21044395,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,hiryu,"Since performance has been the most prevelant issue for the game, my review will focus on that.I preordered this game months before it came out. Why would I do something so stupid? Because it was announced that the game would have LInux/SteamOS support, and I wanted to show support for my primary but otherwise niche platform. This support was finally cancelled a few days ago. I was going to get a refund, but I decided to look at recent benchmarks to see if all the performance issues I had heard about in the PC released had been fixed. It looked like my i7 5960x and Titan X were more than enough to handle the game.At 1440p, with maxed out settings (except for debris and smoke disabled, those are to Arhkam Knight what Hairworks is to The Witcher 3), during the game's performance test as well as the actual gameplay my framerate is typically in the 80's and occasionally in the 70's. In fact, I get more performance than with The Witcher 3 on the same hardware. Although The Witcher 3 does look a bit better (with Arkham Knight being my 2nd best looking game).I decided to try it on my laptop with  i7 6820HK and a GTX 980m and a 1080p gsync screen. In the performance test and in gameplay with maxed settings (except debris and smoke), I have never had lower than 60 fps.I think given the visual fidelity of the game, it's not unreasonable for a game to require some decent hardware. Sure the game runs on ps4... but it runs at 30 fps and is a jagged mess (but still worth it if it's your only option). The PC version has more detail, and (probably) a higher draw distance. I think if a little gtx 980m can handle this game without a stutter at 1080p and fulls settings, performance is probably in pretty good shape. (take this with a grain of salt, but I think the GTX 980m is supposed to have the performance of a GTX 970)That being said, this game had no business being released on PC in the initial broken state that it was in.To be fair, my desktop has 64GB memory and my laptop has 32GB memory and Arkham Knight is installed on to high end SSD's on both systems, so I can't comment on whether or not the paging issues have been fixed for the game. (If you're curious, the reason I have so much memory is because on occasion I need to run a lot of concurrent virtual machines for testing relating to my work)I'm about ~41% through the game right now, so I can't make any conclusive arguments on the story. So far I'm enjoying the story, but it definitely seems on the short side. I haven't really played very long to get this far, and I'm trying to be fairly completionist about it."
76561197997512804,Recommended,208650,21037787,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,Lotthar,"SHORT POST PC FAIL REVIEW (2016)Through the magic of waiting I touched Arkham Knight for the first time when it went on it's first major sale (-40%), that is more than half a year after release, so I have not experienced all those technical problems except for a few crashes. The game seems to be mostly fixed and runs buttery smooth on max settings and man does it look beautiful!So FEAR no more, get it on sale, skip the Season Pass, enjoy a well crafted game :)8/10"
,Recommended,208650,31643173,Posted: 9 May,all,ʄɛǟռօʀ,It's amazing game if you have chance to play it try it
76561198062308914,Not Recommended,208650,16924605,"Posted: 7 July, 2015",all,Link,"unoptimized, even in my GTX 970 is run poorly"
,Not Recommended,208650,31486728,Posted: 1 May,all,DovahCheese,"For the love of Talos, don't buy this unless your computer can beat the lag and the glitches into submission"
,Recommended,208650,19341971,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,Nikkybro,As a video game fan in general I have to say that this game came up a bit short to what I had expected but I have to say that it was the most fun I had in a while. For starters when i first got the game I only had an hour to play before I had to go on vacation and I noticed that cutscenes lagged and I just built this computer and its never lagged on anything but I didnt think into it since it was a new batman game! THEN I came back from Vacation and you know what I played till i 100% the game IT WAS SO FUN! and today all the DLC just came out so my season pass is not going to waste but a lot of the negative reviews are people who want it to live up to every other batman games but this was a new leap for them and I think they made the leap right but they had a few errors along the way. A lot of people have trouble running the game if you have an older or less powerful computer so I wouldnt recommend it if you have trouble running other games that arent batman but if you can I would highly recommend buying this. Now those were a few cons but the pros outway the cons by a lot. For example I have to say that riding around in the batmobile is so much fun! Also you get to experience a new view on batmans story. The game is short but sweet and I would give it 7/10 given the fact that the game took me about 20 hours max to 100% and that there are a ton of bugs that people with weaker tech cant deal with but also lets you enjoy yourself playing a batman game (now I would have gone into more details with my review but I want to avoid spoilers for those who don't want any) :D
,Not Recommended,208650,21424894,"Posted: 24 February, 2016",all,noun,"Tankman Knight: The Tankening is truly the tankiest superhero game I ever played. I can't decide if my favorite part was the tank fights, the tank puzzles or the tank boss battles. So tanky! If you, like no one else in the world, thought the main problem with the prior Batman games was the total lack of tank battles, rest easy! Tankman Knight gives you them in spades. No joke, I think I defeated as many tanks as I did human opponents in this game.Seriously, I can only assume someone at Rocksteady had a ""you know what this movie needs? A GIANT SPIDER!"" moment and no one had the courage to tell that guy ""no, that's an idiotic idea.""Viva Tankman!"
,Not Recommended,208650,18810263,"Posted: 1 November, 2015",all,@RXMVRO,pretty bad all around
,Not Recommended,208650,18824562,"Posted: 1 November, 2015",all,MickyD1234,"Great game, destroyed by bad management and poor coding. Do not buy until real cheap!"
76561198084939128,Not Recommended,208650,16668952,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,dineroydinero,"I spected a better working game, since i alcuh the game i had conected my xbox(360) wired controler, and when presed A to Star. Nothing realy happened. So i enter using the keybaord and found that it works on XBOX ONE CONTRLLER ?????. What the hell was that , So i enter the forums and Guess what(else). It has the PS4 Dualshock controler profile within the game so ir runs naturaly or native with a PS4 controler. !!!!  Also the coments are very mix (some say it works perfectly and no glithches -maybe the ones that were the testers or some that works for the company ). Also that it does have suport for the xbox one contrler but it is detected as a PS4 controler and therefore it does not work, also some other say it does not  even wotk at all no mather the controler.  Once in (you cannot set a normal seting  becuse the frame drops to 0000 and the game frezes (have i said that it was set to 1270x720). None of the games in my libray look and behave that bad at that resolution . I only play it for 1 hour and HATE who poorly the game behaves . I can say  that we were sold a Pre-pre-pre-beta sample .Therfore at the time be . I do not recomend to have this game Not even bother to buy it. Gave it a 4 moth period so a dicent patch is done .And if we users info that is ok to buy it please do or . Skip it and if you have a PS4 buy it for that platform i was told they work better(at leas they look beter.,"
,Not Recommended,208650,16668379,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,Hogman the Intruder,"Its like Skyrim, with Low fps"
,Recommended,208650,19737990,"Posted: 16 December, 2015",all,DPNurple,If you manage to not have large amounts of technical issues this is a great conclusion to the Arkham series
76561197974890284,Not Recommended,208650,16828555,"Posted: 1 July, 2015",all,BaByF@cE,"Broken Pc port with little to no updates... if it working right would be a great game, but they dropped a beta on us for $59+"
76561198054779079,Not Recommended,208650,29281985,Posted: 15 January,all,John Spaztic,"Arkham Knightis not a good game.Unlike howArkham OriginswasArkham City v2,Knightis a proper sequel. That is to say there has been a significant amount of additions and changes to the basic formulae. It's a shame that everything that has been changed is for the worse. TheArkhamseries has always thrived on stealth and combat with some fluff in between, and every element of the game suffers because of how much padding has been added.Combat inAsylumwas polished and felt immensely satisfying, especially hitting higher combos.Citytook that up a notch, and while some elements didn't gel for me (The riot shields in particular were a right pain in the♥♥♥♥♥ it still felt smooth. In both games, the combat was occasionally difficult but italwaysfelt fair. The combat inKnightcomparatively has so much junk bogging down the flow, with each added element making the combat needlessly convoluted. Medics, electrified enemies (Different to those with stun sticks), big armoured ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s who can swap between knives, shocker fists and a shield at will, each needing different methods to take them out. Oft I found myself struggling to take down one enemy as all their attacks would stack, only to realise a second later he’s already revived while I’ve been avoiding other attacks. Other times the game would just not register my input, with environmental takedowns in particular being rather iffy about responding to the controls. No longer does it feel like it’s about skill, it feels like a battle of attrition.Knight’scombat feels bloated, unfair and most importantly unfun.Stealth inAsylumwas perfect, with enough variety and space to make the most of each encounter. ConverselyCity’swas a bit weaker, possibly due to the free roaming around the city occasionally turning into a stealth battle on the rooftops.Knight’sstealth didn’t suffer as much in this department, but it still feels like a bit of a killjoy. The newest addition allows you to take down up to 5 dueds at once, which just shows how little care is given to proper stealth. Part of the fun inAsylumandCitywas finishing an encounter without being spotted, or even them knowing you were there. The ‘stealth’ takedowns with minigun brutes aptly demonstrate how combat leaning the game has become by requiring you to strike and counter the enemy, again veering away from the stealth side.Everyone’s said this, so I mustn’t dwell on it, but the Batmobile sucks. It’s the worst thing about the entireArkhamseries, no hyperbole. And that includesallofOrigins. Every time you need to use the Batmobile it turns into a slog, and outside of maybe two side missions I never enjoyed using it. It controls poorly and distracts from the sad abortion that once resembled combat and stealth, the best things about theArkhamgames, and thusly every appearance and use of the Batmobile fosters intense resentment.Speaking of the side missions, the padding returns as the same banal tasks comprise most of the extra content in the game, while the truly unique and interesting moments are either over far too quickly (As is the case withHush), available only as DLC (The Mad Hatter) or both. That would be fine except for the fat that 100% completion is necessary for the true ending. I’m not putting that in a spoiler tag, because that’s definitely something that needs to be said outright and will prevent many people, including myself, from ever finishing this boring slog.The best part of this game, the surprising setpieces and unconventional roles of several pre-established characters, are tainted by how unbelievably stupid the rest of the game is. I could go on about the dull antagonists or the absurd framing story which defies all logic, but this game is so confused about what it’s trying to do that trying to make sense of each narrative conceit would prove fruitless. As the last game in the Rocksteady trilogy, I understand why it is pushed to the extreme in this game, but it doesn’t work.In the end, it is absolutely criminal that a trilogy so strong could end on such a ♥♥♥♥♥♥ note."
,Not Recommended,208650,17924629,"Posted: 7 September, 2015",all,Murcielago,"Good game bad PC port. A couple days ago, the promised PC patch finally arrived, sure it helped solve some performance issues but I feel that there are more patches coming. I thought to myself, sure keep the game don't re-fund you'll play it again once it is playable on PCGuess what, I lost interest in Arkham Knight and I do not feel like playing it anymore, so I should have requested a re-fund but it is too late now due to passing the 2 weeks period to be able to re-fund a game on Steam."
76561198010765807,Not Recommended,208650,34623750,Posted: 30 August,all,Hexile,"Well I tried to give this game a fair shake, but it just is not a good game. Even with the bugs gone it does not stand up to any of the other Arkham games. This game goes from fun to a chore real fast and when a game feels like an obligation it is no longer worth playing. Enjoy the previous Arkham games and let this one go."
,Not Recommended,208650,17683537,"Posted: 23 August, 2015",all,WillSin4ca$h,"It's been two months without a patch, I wish I coul recommend the game, but no.Also no proper boss fights outside batmobile, dafuq"
76561197989152637,Not Recommended,208650,24246457,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,JHarlequin,"They did fix their mistakes with the quality of the programming so it is a playable game.  Things look good.  You do have controls that are usable with controller or with mouse and keyboard.  It is kind of good from that viewpoint.But I am unhappy with a good portion of the story.  I just doubt the characters would do certain things that happen in the story.  I also feel that far too many convenient events happen to be reasonable.  The oddities beging to seem a bit silly after a while.As for the actual gameplay, it generally works pretty well but at times gets a bit glitchy and foolish.  Having to try three or four times to jump off a ledge and glide.  Pushing one direction and batman goes a different direction for several moments.  Throwing punches that land on the target but don't hit the target so it gets it's free punch.The little things build up small annoyances and frustrations all to be topped off with needlessly annoying and frequent taunting from enemies in the open areas.  Can't go to an area to gather riddler trophies and riddler taunts you for being too stupid.  Getting insulted could be character background if it wasn't so stupid and constant.  It was put in as a sort of hint towards where to find stuff, but it's just insults so it was done very badly.Then of course any failure screen takes about a minute of time to get from the fail to the restart.  Other scenes where they deny you control of your character for a ridiculous amount of time even though you know exactly what you want to do.  It all adds up to be a frustrating game.  Pretty good and playable.  Something that most players can complete pretty well, but it really will pile up the annoyances on you.It's okay, and a continuation of the Arkham games, but they are getting pretty lousy at making games."
,Not Recommended,208650,16669802,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,BoydofZINJ,"I played the game 97 minutes of ARKHAM KNIGHTon the PC AND... WOW...WOW...I mean...What a let down.At first, it felt good and looked great until the BATMOBILE scenes.Without tweaks the benchmark had me average out at 30 FPS, but the fog and smoke made it lower at one point to 15 FPS. I am thinking they did something really bad and screwey with that dynamic smoke thing. On or off - it tanked my system and dropped the frame rate to such a level - especially with the Batmobile that i wanted to VOMIT.  With tweaks it was averaging about 55 to 59 frames per second - except near smoke.After playing Arkham Knight I just wanted to vomit... the motion sickness and the drop in frame rates made me ill and I do not get motion sickness or such - but it was that bad... ugh....Operating System: Windows 7 Professional 64-bit (6.1, Build 7601) Service Pack 1Processor: Intel(R) Core(TM) i7-3930K CPU @ 3.20GHz (12 CPUs), ~3.2GHzMemory: 16384MB RAMAvailable OS Memory: 16336MB RAMCard name: NVIDIA GeForce GTX 770Manufacturer: NVIDIAChip type: GeForce GTX 770Display Memory: 4038 MB﻿"
76561198251444640,Recommended,208650,25582135,"Posted: 18 September, 2016",all,Elliot Rodger,high settings and smooth 60 fps @ 1440p.i7-4790k/GTX 1070.
,Recommended,208650,22809378,"Posted: 5 May, 2016",all,PersonalSpace,"Many of the bugs have now been worked out, although the storyline has a few predictable moments, it finishes off the storyline for several main characters quite well. The ending is a little ambiguous, but the gameplay isn't too bad, not as repetitive as previous Arkham titles, but still has moments where tank battles, boss battles, chases and sidemissions are fairly similar.Worth getting if on sale and you're a Batman fan, now that many of the kinks are worked out."
76561198057222008,Not Recommended,208650,31380327,Posted: 26 April,all,DiamondDoGs,Still runs like♥♥♥♥♥♥on high end hardware even after being released almost 2 years ago. The game itself is great though.
76561198021421701,Not Recommended,208650,16878127,"Posted: 4 July, 2015",all,dattebayo,"This game is bad, this is bad end, this is not that batman we loved from previous games (not Origins ofc), I'm not talking about perfomance/bugs/lags/stuttreing/fps drops and etc. I'm talking about game, its just bad, slighty new combat moves, one new gadget one new predator takedown and ofc BATMOBILE which totally breaks whole batman universe, yes its very cool to remote control it, its fun to catapult from it, but this is batman, not freaking nfs or collin mc. i think 70% of time u will fight tanks, over and over, 20 tanks 30 tanks 50 tanks, no matter how many tanks, just every story part new tank combat, its so boring and annoying. And then boss fight, yea right tank boss fight. You will not fight any boss in this game by fists, gadgets or stealth. Remeber mr Freeze fight? this is one of the best boss i have ever seen in all games (except dark souls). So, in this batman nothing about it, Rocksteady rly? dont u have any idea except freaking tanks? Sometimes in story u will be really inspired but then tank fight or bat monstrosito, wtf?!$%#$. Riddles good, solving his rooms, puzzles (80% ofc with car), but then new checkpoint and batmobile laps..... Exploring Gotham? no way u need lower bridges first for freaking car ofc. Side quests? with car ofc. This game must be called ""Batman Arkham Batmobile"" Joker's dead? Juts OMFG through whole game i heared only 2 voices, this is him and freaking some tank sentanse, like - we geeting hit, tango down, lose target.... I like joker, but this is too much, let him die already, hes not centre of all, again where your imagination, this is super heroes universe and u looping on joker, again, even after his death....Speaking about Origins i dont even know now which part is worst. I never write reviews, i dont care about thumbs. I'm just really upset, not about wasting time or money, i just want to clear my memory like in MIB and not see this game again, never, this is bad game, this is bad end, this is not that batman we loved"
76561198004514471,Not Recommended,208650,16682768,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,qcoc0909,"有冇搞錯。等左咁耐出隻QUALITY仲差過6,7年前既GAME既垃圾。無心機整PC PORT既就咪整，隻GAME咁鬼貴你係咪玩9我。我已經退緊款，未買既一係玩PS4, 一係等佢幾個月修正番哂隻GAME先玩。"
76561198080633003,Not Recommended,208650,16721420,"Posted: 26 June, 2015",all,ipamocrono,"First things first.. Do not get this game right now! It is BROKEN on PC. One of the worst ports ever to grace the PC. Poor optimization all around. Massive stuttering when gliding around Gotham City. The Batmobile is where it's worst though. At times it's unplayable due to the stutter. And it's capped at 30 FPS! I find it hard to believe that in 2015 a AAA game on the PC is capped to 30 FPS.That being said. The game itself is fun. Definetely the best in the Arkham series.Pros:- The graphics are wonderful (It's missing a couple of textures from the console versions such as Ambient Occlusion and rain effects. But nevertheless, It's still a good looking game.)-The story is gripping and characters and wonderfully written.-I love the side-quests. In no way they are on the Witcher 3's level but they are still fun nonetheless.-The gameplay has been improved drastically. Batman's movements are much more fluid this time around. And he packs a helluva punch in this game.-PS4 controller support!Cons:-Poorly optimized.-Textures sometimes don't load properly.-No challenge maps!Mixed:-The Batmobile. It's awesome but sometimes feel forced. It handles great though.All in all the Arkham Knight is a really good game.. It's the ultimate Batman experience! But it's optimization issues really brings it down.It's sad because I'm a huge Batman fan. But, I cannot in any way recommend this game at the current state it is in. Rocksteady has a LOT of work to do to fix these issues. If they indeed do fix this.. We can all play this game the way it was intended to be played."
,Not Recommended,208650,32821546,Posted: 26 June,all,Slider Of Nights,"First off, worst optimization by far in any game. Literally a hit or miss on whether you can run this game smoothly regardless of specsArkham Knight's identity was blatantly obvious and wasn't an original character, Joker is still in the game after everyone got sick and tired of him, side missions were lacking, Batmobile is extremely fun when I got the few seconds to be able to drive it without frame drops, villains are all shallow and llack substance, boss fights were all a let down, DLCs were a cop outGame is a huge let down especially because of launch and optimization issues. If you want to gamble money for a few hours of fun then by my guest. I say it's meh though, not worth the purchase"
,Recommended,208650,22808116,"Posted: 5 May, 2016",all,anak hardcore,So laggy on gt 820 m but gonna upgrade my specs soon overall story is great visual is stunning really recommend buying this game if you have a left over steam wallet
76561198057944085,Not Recommended,208650,22111345,"Posted: 28 March, 2016",all,*KING FREEDOM*,game is pretty much still broken
,Not Recommended,208650,33116577,Posted: 1 July,all,Marie,"Arkham Knight is a Let DownAs much as I wanted to enjoy this game, I just cannot seem to get into it. I really enjoyed Arkham Asylum and Arkham City, Origins was 50/50 for me but I just cannot bring myself to enjoy Arkham Knight. It's tedious, boring and throws the Batmobile at you all the time.Stealth? Batmobile. Boss battle? Batmobile. While there still some cool things here and there, this game feels like the weakest in the Arkham series. While I never finished this game, I have seen it all on YouTube and Twitch, the ending sucks but I won't go too deep into that.What could have been the best in the series ended up like this. To me, it felt like Rocksteady was just making this game for the money. There was no passion, it was just a mess of a game thrown together because they know it'll sell. Even the game's twist is awful and a retread of a very similar twist in the comics. You'll know what I'm talking about when you see it.Anyway, that's my review. I won't bother discussing how bad the PC port was on launch cause that was done to death. If you want an ""okay"" Batman game, this is it. If you want an amazing and immersive Batman experience, I suggest just staying with Asylum and City. Arkham Knight is a disappointment.Rating: 3/10."
,Not Recommended,208650,16674050,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,Grand Captain Speedy Dash,"Even Though I do even enjoy this game and think it's pretty fun and I run it perfectly fine with acceptable stander deviations from 60 fps at 1080p I can not bring myself to recommend after looking at this games steam discussions. Some people with equipment at or above recommend are not able to get 60 fps/ 1080p with everything on low but some can pull off 30 fps at 1080p while a few can pull of 60 fps without many frame drops at 1080p with everything maxed. So in concision the game is to much a flip of a coin if you can run it so I advise you either wait, get the game on the consoles for those who have consoles, or you could buy it now and take the chance about if your computer would run it just fine.Edit: I have lost all faith in the developers saying that the recommended specs is for playing the game on par with the consoles. If I didn't have more than two hours into the game I wouldn't have it right now.http://steamcommunity.com/games/208650/announcements/detail/145587678164818505"
,Recommended,208650,19277004,"Posted: 25 November, 2015",all,DusterBuster,"Absolutely amazing! Perfect mix of stealth, action, puzzles and driving. Tons of fun! Never had any issues with the game on triple monitors, and it's an absolute blast to play!  Would highly recommend to all fans of previous Arkham games and newcomers!"
,Not Recommended,208650,23975593,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,Midnight Sorrow,"[EDIT]+Gameplay+Graphics+Fun+Scarecrow(My fave' Batman villain, so there is a bias ;) )+Like the Story for the most part+It's always fun to get to play Batman+Kevin Conroy-Side missions feel lack luster(often just do the same thing 3 times)-Tank missions get repetative-Uninspired Boss Battles(Origin's bosses might have been for the most part QTE's but at least they looked interesting)-Interesting side-plots from Arkham City just feel rushed by the Devs, just to give them an ending(something very interesting is set up in AC, only for it to get 1 side mission which takes like a minute)-Bad DLC-Very obvious AK twistI got the game for the 3rd time during the Christmas sale, so either Rocksteady fixed something since I played it last, or me upgrading my ram from [8GB to 16GB] made the game jump from not playable at all (with everything at low), to somewhat stable 90fps, with everything tunred to highest except the Nvidia Fog setting. ¯\_(ツ)_/¯ but hey, the game runs great for me now.Still not the best Arkham game, nor story. Don't know where I'd rank it though. All I'd say is Arkham City is still the best.Wish there was a MAYBE option, seeing as I've had a lot of problems with getting this game to run... but ehh. Just buy it on sale, see if it runs and make sure not to go over the 2 hour mark.My Specs:GPU: GeForce GTX 980CPU: Intel Core i7-4770 3.4GHzRam: 16GBOS: Windows 8.1 64-Bit__________________________________________[Original Review]Yeah, no...I bought this game at launch, it was unplayable (for me), so I got a refund.I bought this game again today since it was on sale and I wanted to see if it had improved.And it kinda has, I mean, your going to have to lower the graphics to console standards to get a stable frame rate.(I assume, didn't test that far because if I want console graphics, I'll just play it on a consoles)I refuse to lower the textures from anything below high.(becasue at that point might as well buy it on PS4)My Specs:GPU: GeForce GTX 980CPU: Intel Core i7-4770 3.4GHzRam: 8GBOS: Windows 8.1 64-BitJust Cause 3 runs smoother than this on high settings!!"
,Not Recommended,208650,32749879,Posted: 24 June,all,CAN MAN,"I really wanted to like this game, especially at such a low price, but it runs abysmally. The amount of framestutters are mind blowing, even when I turn my graphics setting down to medium (running an i5-7500 and GTX 1070 rig). But the biggest deal breaker was the audio issues. Frequent stutters and even complete cut out of sound during cutscenes and gameplay break the immersion. It would surely be a great game, but the persisting issues of the game really ruin the experience."
,Not Recommended,208650,25555112,"Posted: 17 September, 2016",all,santaboy5,I wouldn't recommend this game for the reason that everyone I know who got this couldn't get it to work. I looked also on the internet trying to sometimes find some advice to get it to work but none of it seems to get me to be able to play this game.
,Recommended,208650,25322336,"Posted: 3 September, 2016",all,Loki_1349,"If you're still on the fence about buying this game, I can assure that is has indeed been fixed. It runs smoothely, the gameplay is enjoyable and the graphics are very nice. The UI and the controls are still somewhat console-ish and there is still room for improvement in this department. Nothing gamebraking, however. The keybinds are customizable, and if you've got a gaming mouse with extra buttons, you can keybind those too (unlike many other games Batman™: Arkham Knight supports these out of the box and there's no need to go through your mouse's software and make yet another profile for this game).Got solid 60fps on a 980Ti with everything maxed at 1440p. I'm sure the game in its cuurent state will run quite well on less beefy cards with tweaking some graphics options and/or at lower resolutions (1080p etc)"
,Not Recommended,208650,16635059,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,Senpai,Very poorly optimised locked at 30fps wtf and terrible frame rates for AMD users. unfortunatly I cant get far enough into the game to give a thumbs up.Quite disppointed here rocksteady hoping for a patch very soon
,Not Recommended,208650,24734064,"Posted: 5 August, 2016",all,Cyanide_King,After many fixes and patches this game runs and looks like a dream. Its a shame so many sections of the game only serve to drag out the hours played some you can skip others you cant. The combat is top notch  but tank sections of the game are just bad. Why anyone thought driving the bat-tank was a good idea is beyond me. I enjoy the game but each tank section is such a slog that I cant finish the game.
,Not Recommended,208650,16690856,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,Shadowfall16,Awful PC port. Thankful for Steam's  refund policy though.
76561198099609402,Recommended,208650,28494221,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,xkncrash5,One year later...It works!
76561198058608935,Recommended,208650,24769145,"Posted: 7 August, 2016",all,MJay624,"*MUST READ* Batman Arkham Knight had a HORRENDOUS launch! It was awful! HOWEVER, they have seriously stepped it up with the latest patches. The game now supports up to 90 FPS and at MAX settings (Nvidia settings on too) with an i5 4690k + GTX 970 I am getting always above 60FPS and usually between 70-90. If you don't mind turning settings down and you have a lesser setup, you can still get serious enjoyment out of this game now.THAT BEING SAID: I do dislike the amount of batmobile reliance used in this game, it's just not that much fun, however the combat is still super fun and is about 30x better than Arkham Origins' trashy overall standard.TL;DR - Good game, don't get if you hate the idea of using the batmobile a fair amount. Performance is now GOOD, not great but acceptable."
,Not Recommended,208650,16667866,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,Anson,Pros:-lmaoCons:-Unplayable
,Recommended,208650,25716197,"Posted: 26 September, 2016",all,DPV,"Prima di prenderlo ero un po titubante viste le recensioni, però la serie mi aveva appassionato abbastanza e due settimane fa ho fatto il passo successivo e l'ho preso.Il gameplay rispetta bene il caro vecchio stile alterandolo giusto nell'utilizzo di tasti che bene o male possiamo scegliere sempre di cambiare. C'è la possibilità di eseguire molte più combinazioni durante il combattimento e sfruttare meglio situazioni di svantaggio grazie al Multifear che ho goduto ad usare quando i nemici erano ben organizzati.Al gameplay, come si evince dalle immagini, entra in scena la Batmobile. Io, personalmente non sono mai stato un appassionato di giochi di auto, anzi, li detesto abbastanza, ma in batman ti accende la scintilla della voglia di farti qualche guida. Contando anche che si può usare come tank e distruggere un sacco di roba, che tra carri armati, droni volanti e altri mezzi che hanno i nemici parte l'apocalisse. E' un bel mezzo da gestire se si prende una buona manualità, e come ogni titolo di batman consiglio di giocarci con un joypad. In corsa la batmobile è semplice da usare e tiene bene ogni circuito anche perchè dispone di comandi adatti a farla muovere lateralmente o altra roba del genere per evitare ostacoli o pericoli vari. Molti se ne sono lamentati perchè si deve utilizzare per almeno il 50% del gioco però nulla toglie che se si vogliono fare missioni secondarie si può benissimo tornare al classico volo. Per come è stata resa più grande la mappa penso che la Batmobile sia comoda anche per muoversi più in fretta, anche nelle missioni principali. Non mi è dispiaciuta affatto.Passiamo alla trama.Una trama ben intrecciata con dei bei colpi di scena e soprattutto qualche bello spezzone di uno dei capitoli che più amo al mondo tratto dal fumetto...che non vi dico quale...Spoiler.Grafica eccellente, e personaggi ben definiti nello stile. Molto moderni e molto più accattivanti.Insomma, un bellissimo impatto nell'atmosfera non solo della storia ma anche degli ambienti, molto curati ed eccezzionalmente belli da vedere. Un misto tra quella gotham cupa di Tim Burton e la gotham del chaos di Nolan.Thumbs up per me."
,Recommended,208650,21397732,"Posted: 22 February, 2016",all,NikogoNeZhalko,"Let's you play as the 1989 Batman, worth a buy. The story isn't as well written as Arkham Asylum and City and many of the gadgets are simplified, but it's great fun driving around Gotham in the Batmobile, playing as the many DLC characters, and oh yeah, 1989 Batman."
,Recommended,208650,25703977,"Posted: 25 September, 2016",all,klooj,This game is excellent and is a worthy followup of two masterpieces (asylum and city) The arkham series has always been terrific and this game is no slouch. I was able to run this game on normal settings with a gtx 670 hovering around 30-60fps which isnt the greatest but its not unplayable like some people have complained. I originally played Arkham Asylum on a 6 inch 4:3 screeen and was still able to appreciate the quality of the game so please dont base your opinion on the mediocre pc port of this game but instead on the effort that rocksteady put into the finale of the arkham games.
76561198111523757,Recommended,208650,22593739,"Posted: 23 April, 2016",all,Memma_k,"Despite the games reputition. IT IS BRILLIANT!!Sure the technical problems is a worry but i preordered the game and the Season Pass and i have loved every minute of it. Even when i was offered a refund of the game i didnt even considier it. I am a huge Batman freak, i have every other game in the Arkham Series and no i bought them at launch and wasnt gifted them from WB becouse i decided to stick with the game, and this is a must for every other freak out there. I personally havent had any game breaking technical issues. Workt like a charm right at launch date. People complain about the framerate but i honestly think it is down to the hardware on each computer. Bad hardware/hardwarecombo = bad game performance. Quick rundown.Pros-Brilliant Story with good twists along the way. Batman feels human and beliavable.-Combat is refined for more variation.-Predator sequences are chalenging and fun.-The Batmobile is quite usefull and fun to teare around in.-Side quests will keep you ocupied.-Nice use of Batmans rougues gallery.Cons-Technical issues. It is a gamble, it might work great, as it has done for me. Or it will be a nightmare.-The Batmobile does get tedious.-Cant really think of other cons."
,Not Recommended,208650,18881899,"Posted: 4 November, 2015",all,Hcoffins,"There is something wrong when you can run Star Wars Battlefront on High Graphics settings with 60 fps, but running Arkham Knight on Normal Settings is too much for this PC. Low Settings doesn't even run on 60 fps most of the time either."
76561198086080144,Recommended,208650,27139264,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Derio,"This game is Batman. Nothing less, nothing more.Excellent story with the perfect end for the Arkham's trilogy.Nanananananananana....Baaatman!"
76561198007797273,Recommended,208650,24543331,"Posted: 26 July, 2016",all,Schiønning,"One of the best games I'ved played this year, Im a fan of the story. Overall im positiv impressed by this game ( I didn't play it before July 2016, so all the kinks were adjusted).Even though I figured out the identity of the Arkham Knight. It didnt let me down on the reveiling of the identity.If you were a fan of the previous Batman arkham games, then this one is IT =)But the AR stuff has never been my thing and that goes for it aswell in the old games aswell. Sadly that will always stay uncomplete for me.New game + part, Yeah well conversations gets awful tiresome, atlest i didnt have to find all that riddler stuff again. I think im just a completionist that got me through it again, not that much to do second time around in the game i hadn't done already.I hope in the future they will make another one, Green Arrow perhaps or John Constantine, could be fun to see those dudes in action."
,Not Recommended,208650,16657409,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,samba987,"Poor Proformance so far, so much so I'm unable to play. The main addition to the game the bat-mobile cause the games frame-rate to tank to about 1-5 framesThe in-game PC Perfomance test capped at 60FPS for some reason and I get a averge of 54FPS, But in the main game the FPS is capped at 30.That is Why I can't recommend this game at the moment, as the proformance is that bad I can't play it. May be in a few patches time I'll be able to play it."
,Not Recommended,208650,16705588,"Posted: 25 June, 2015",all,JIMMY B HOLE,The North will never forget.
,Recommended,208650,21428386,"Posted: 24 February, 2016",all,themerotes,"This game has now been fixed, it runs well, there are a few bugs but not game breaking, I bought this game on release and was so gutted when I discover it was broken, I could have got e refund but I held on to it in the hope one day they would fix it and they have. Its well worth the money its a fantastic game, by far the best Batman game ever and even the batmobile bits are not as bad as people were saying actually quit fun. Anyway get this game it needs to be played. Loved the end part of the game with a playable charater id make a game of , the best DC character ever in my opinion and in this game too."
,Recommended,208650,20986690,"Posted: 5 February, 2016",all,gerald9186,Decided to ge this games on sale...my o my..this game is absolute beauty. Thankully i dont have any of the problem reported. My specs;Xeon e3 123116 GB RamsGTX 980FPS Avrage: 59
76561198051485468,Not Recommended,208650,16659145,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,Kit8852,The game was working find on my desktop with the amd radeon r7 270x the graphics looked normal but when i try to play in my alienware laptop that has a better performance then my desktop but the alienware keeps going blank and blinking on the screen every time i play batman arkham knight. when i played withcer it worked perfectly fine can some one help should i get a refund and get it for the ps4 or just wait till the next updat cause this is♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥me off
,Recommended,208650,30013563,Posted: 18 February,all,HunterXCooL,"This is by far the biggest batman games... Lots of thing to do... and its also IMO the best batman games of the entire seriesso here we go...PROSA lot of new fightning mechanic... environment takedown... new enemy type and so onPredator is epic in this series... every predator encounter is fun... so much thing you can do as batman... it's big and entertainingBatmobile is a new addition and can be funNice storyThe most awesome graphic i can ever see in a game... the world is big, beautiful and full of detail... it's gorgeousCONSAgain batmobile can be repetitive and boring... a lot of puzzle needs to be solved by the tank... which is kinda forced in it... and not in a good wayJoker still the best villain in the batman series... scarecrow is just not that scary and entertaining... even with that horrifying mask...Sidequest is fun but repetitive and boring in the end... batman is like an errand boy rather than a masked vigilante...Fear takedown can be very cheap skill...but most of all... the biggest and most dissapointing of them all is... THIS IS THE LAST OF THE BATMAN SERIES >.<"
,Not Recommended,208650,16667910,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,JIAKEY,"Finish the main mission, quite fun but it lag very almost everytime even with  a gtx 960 cant handle it"
76561198041184232,Not Recommended,208650,16688651,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,Cacolucia,"Huge fan of the series, wish I could say that this game was to the same standard. 30fps cap, no graphical options to optomize for pc, what everyone else says. But most people tend to be glossing over how poor the actual game is. The game feels pretty nice and smooth, but almost every mission is batmobile related. It is the central point to the game, and not whatyou would expect from a batman game, and batman doesn't use guns despite what this company's marketing team would leave you to believe. Wierd batmobile simulator, runs like a last gen concole, poor features. This game is what would happen if you put a console extremist in charge of AAA titles to prove to his friends that consoles are outperforming pc's."
76561198061874824,Not Recommended,208650,16694835,"Posted: 25 June, 2015",all,Proton Decay,"Great gameplay, interesting storyline, villains are integrated nicely into the story, but that's about it, because for 80€, your'e getting the following nowadays:Locked at 30, only unlockable by editing an .ini file. which is ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t in it's own right.Then the horrible performance for most people (luckily, not for me), and there's day 1 DLC too, of course.The PC version seems to be locked to DX10, missing textures which are present on PS4 (which does have DX11) and is missing AO (wtf?), so what I'm taking from this , is that WB wants to stunt the PC version deliberatly, just like what Ubisoft tried to pull with Unity. It's a disgrace, I think I'll just stop buying singleplayer games altogether, they spoiled it completely.P i r a t e b a y ahoy, ♥♥♥♥ers."
,Recommended,208650,24865640,"Posted: 12 August, 2016",all,JollySU<OverWatch>,"What is this the third Batman game for PC now.  I am very satisfied with this game and it has been fixed for PC.  SLI for me is working very good.  This is by far the best Batman game of the Trilogy. The Batmobile is great and all the missions and just driving around is fun, it even has ""boosters"".Combat is similar to the other Batman games only Batman has added combat moves like ""fear"" takedowns and ""boosted"" counters.  If you enjoyed the ""free flow"" in the other games then this game will make you happy.  The map and the world is immersive like the other games, only this one looks even better.I got it for 14.99 on a sale and this is a must have title for Batman fans."
,Recommended,208650,22063544,"Posted: 26 March, 2016",all,Leo,"Fun game, amazing graphics, runs at 60fps (GTX 970)."
76561198280552394,Recommended,208650,21023833,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,Doctor-Neo,"The design and the story of this game is really good so as the graphics and effects.The drawbacks are limited FPS, lags that are weird even during high FPS benchmark plus unplayable for low to midrange hardware. I would recommend this product to people with high-end hardware other than that the port is not good enough and it is not fair to them."
,Recommended,208650,22421809,"Posted: 14 April, 2016",all,Ladoslav,"Honestly I would like to give it a 60% I love it, but at the same time it's annoying.I'm a casual player. So by all means I am no professional at this. If you are to you might find this helpful.What I love:Great storyline, and the gameplay is smooth when the framerate isn't making it impossible.Lots and Lots of side missions. In all honesty you don't need to buy the DLC's to feel like you got a solid ""Full"" Game.The batmobile feels like it's a chore at first but it's a lot of fun to use. When times where you needed to use your fixed up Batmobile comes it had me thinking: ""Time to f*** up s*** up.""What I hated: (very minimal problems to me)The frame rate problem. I worked all the settings and still couldn't come up with a fix. figured out that if I reset my computer and play then it's not really a problem, but before hand the frame rate flux made the game almost impossible to play.With all that being said: I bought this game during a sale and I am happy I did. Mainly because of the frame rate problem. But if that was fixed I think you could be happy with this being fifty bucks."
76561198055300822,Recommended,208650,22073317,"Posted: 26 March, 2016",all,gpserran8,"Loved the Two-Face missions: classic Bats, just lurking around and beating up bad guys.Hated the Riddler´s batmobile tracks: totally beside the point and unsatisfying.Seems like the newer the game, the longer it as to be. Pity. I found Batman: Arkham Knight a little bit too long, to a point that I was playing it extenously just to finish it and get rid of it.But, as always, to BE the Batman is worth the price and the pain."
76561198271229664,Recommended,208650,24509020,"Posted: 24 July, 2016",all,JmBasti,"Played on laptop with gtx970m 3gb, 16gb ram,i7 skylake, max 60fps,average 55fps all settings normal,nvidia gameworks off, sometimes it drops to 39 fps in some places, but tolerable , batmobile is ok, no signs of drop or stutter. Overall, it's playable!"
,Recommended,208650,24777210,"Posted: 8 August, 2016",all,Undead_Hunter,BATMOBILE <3and if you are going to buy it buy premium edition
,Recommended,208650,21238736,"Posted: 15 February, 2016",all,Rocketman Max,"Damn I love Batman, and Arkham Knight shows Batman's greatness easily. I love this game, it is an absolute blast and the graphics are beautiful. Even with a stock GTX 960 I could run it incredibly well, and it looks gorgeous for most of the experience. The costumes for Batman, even for the Batmobile, are really cool - there's a bloody Batman V Superman Bat costume too!The game feels like the previous ones, except it is much improved gameplay-wise, despite the slight overuse of the Batmobile and uninspired Batmobile sequences. The game has in fact been patched now and it runs very well, I haven't had it crash once. The framerate drops sometimes during cutscenes (I have noticed this at some points), and it stutters just slightly when gliding or driving the Batmobile at high speeds, but that didn't happen all the time, and it was not so visible unless you really looked for it.The stellar Free-Flow combat has been cranked up to a ridiculous degree, making fights absolutely, undeniably fun! Music is some of the most epic I have ever experienced too, which is ALMOST to be expected from a Batman project. The story is not very memorable, which is very sad, but it was really epic. Side missions this time around are placed on your mission wheel so you can easily track what you are going to do - and in my opinion, these were some of the best side missions in the series. The Batmobile is also used quite a lot throughout the game, and if you JUST do the main story you will find that it was used quite a bit, not too much though, but if you do a lot of side missions you won't feel tedium from using the Bat-tank (if I could call it that) too much. The city of Gotham is faithfully made in this game and it looks gorgeous. This game is an AMAZING conclusion to probably my favorite video game saga of all time! I wish the voice of Scarecrow from Asylum had been kept, and I ABSOLUTELY wish for some of those really cool Scarecrow scary moments, but sadly, there is only a REALLY ♥♥♥♥ING good one at the end. I won't spoil it.YOU MUST ABSOLUTELY GET THIS GAME! I cannot emphasise that enough. This, and all the other Arkham games (not Blackgate though) are some of the best games I have ever played and I will rate this game a 9/10!I advise you buy this game on a sale though since your framerate may be different to mine, and it may not be as ""brilliant"" as Arkham City in terms of story telling, but it exceeds in every other way and is a damn good experience. I enjoyed it much more than Arkham Origins, and in terms of fun alone, this is the best of the series. I would say Asylum is the best though, since it didn't take the open-world approach but instead crammed the game with every little detail possible, but this game is absolutely no slouch."
76561198272870788,Recommended,208650,24343089,"Posted: 15 July, 2016",all,MillyRock,"Игра абсолютный Must Have . Качественная , атмосферная, сильная в геймпленом плане игра. Шикарный  голливудский блокбастер с вашим участием.Играйте не спеша , получайте удовольствие от процесса.   Знакомиться с серией стоит с Arkham Asylum, трилогия которая стоит внимания. Be The Batman"
,Recommended,208650,24602662,"Posted: 29 July, 2016",all,Bush_Wookie,"So, I wanted this game when it came out, and I waited because back then I knew I didn't have the hardware to run Arkham Knight. However, as I now have a Nvidea 1070, I went and bought this game and it run's great. Mostly all my graphics options are on maximum, with Nvidea's frameworks enabled and I average above 60fps. I have not had a single crash, stutter or game breaking bug since I started the game and will update if I do get one. I have had a single audio desync during a cutscene, but a simple game cashe check solved this.If you have played the previous Batman games (which I also recommend) you will remember the combat style straight away. It's nearly identical with added features. The batmobile combat is very satifying and i've spent far to long getting sidetracked hunting drones. So far the story line is good, however i'm the kind of guy who goes and does as many side missions ASAP.In all, I recommend getting this game either in a sale or even if it's not, I would happily pay full price again. 10/10 for me.Edit: I have had a recurring issue where the game will start to studder very heavily. The game freezes for a couple of seconds then goes back to normal. This can happen either very rarely or quite frequently but seems just to be when the game is loading a large chunk of data. Still doesn't change my opinion of the game, it's just a bit inconvienient."
,Recommended,208650,24895913,"Posted: 13 August, 2016",all,z4v3k,"Its on par with other arkham games, it even works on a 1gb vram card when you lower the resolution to 900p, but while driving in the city the game does start to stutter, probably because of the 1gb vram and the game crashed 1 time and 1 time I found myself under the map, but that happend after the main story was finished."
,Recommended,208650,24138943,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,R1ker,"I also bought this during the summer sale as was very reluctant to buy it after the bad launch it had on pc. Granted I can't run everything maxed out as I think my graphics card is a bit old for that. But otherwise it ran like a dream. No crashes so far. Once you find that sweet spot for your hardware settings this game is very enjoyable. Can’t comment too much on the story part yet as I still need to do the complete play through. I surprisingly enjoyed the batmobiel challenges. When I have a few minutes I rather do a quick race then continuing with the campaign. If you enjoyed the other Arkham games, you will enjoy this one."
76561198066237599,Recommended,208650,23913815,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,ThunderLemons,"I am writing this positive post because this game is amazing for Batman Arkham games fans like me. However, I would not get this on pc but on a console because there was so much wrong with it. The game was laggy and the graphics were glitched. I couldn't handle the beginning of the game at all and was very disapointed.Final Note: Buy it on console*Note* Got a new pc that this game says doesnt have minimun requirements and it runs perfectly with 60 fps, I don't know why other people who claim they meet the requirements are unable to run this game."
,Recommended,208650,20976670,"Posted: 5 February, 2016",all,Hydratlas ONEMLI ACIKLAMA,"Batmobile™: Arkham Knight, but i am in love with it 8/10"
,Recommended,208650,24511241,"Posted: 24 July, 2016",all,Mecha Jezuz,"The game works pretty well now, even on my mediocre hardware (3.5 Ghz CPU, 8 Gb Ram, 2 Gb GPU). Granted, I didn't have maxed out settings, but I got it to look pretty good. I understand all the negative reivews are totally justified, but if you were waiting for the game to be playable at a reasonable price ($15 on summer sale and other sites) then you can finally jump in and finish the series.Pros:-Graphics-Core gameplay mechanics make you feel like Batman-Decent puzzles-Decent Story (the aspects dealing with the Joker and Scarecrow).-Good gadgets and power-ups (multi-take down is broken as♥♥♥♥♥♥in normal difficulty but it feels awesome).Cons:-Some gameplay elements can get really tedious (i.g. Batmobile missions, and Riddler trophies).-Decent story (the aspects that just blatantly ripped from Under the Red Hood and Dark Knight Rises: it's way to early to do a remake on two already great Batman stories).-Still not perfectly optimized (no 15 FPS Batmobile BS, but certain harwares will still suffer from some hiccups)."
,Recommended,208650,24559028,"Posted: 27 July, 2016",all,Nicszew,"the game is pretty dank,"
,Recommended,208650,24495306,"Posted: 24 July, 2016",all,Caledfwlch,It's fun and works great with my gtx 960
,Recommended,208650,24115444,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,Krüppelhure,"It's really good after the last patches and runs smooth. The story, graphics and gameplay are amazing and  i would definitly recommend it."
76561198161957972,Recommended,208650,23972446,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,eirigance,"My favorite of the series. Plays very well, barely any noticable glitches"
,Recommended,208650,23914353,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,Big Poppa Pump,"Game is really fun, must have if played the previous games. Its innovative, so it doesn't feel like arkham city expansion, like origins was.In terms of technical problems, it is much much better than launch. There are some crashes (I've only got 2 so far) and some fps drops when gliding or in the batmobile, but it is rare.All in all I heavily reccomend this game."
,Not Recommended,208650,25604473,"Posted: 20 September, 2016",all,hazbo02,"I can't get the game to open, it starts up, then almost imediatley it crashes. This is unfortunate, because I have played the game on the Xbox One, and the story and side missions are great, I just seem to have a problem with the PC edition"
76561198073895146,Recommended,208650,19358236,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,MbIKOJIA,"Except for the 243 Riddler items I liked pretty everythingWell, maybe usual area blocking in the beginning was a little frustrating --  I don't like when you have to get back to pick up an item just because game designers thought that it's too early for you to get a nice ice gun"
,Not Recommended,208650,16653160,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,MACKNIFICENT,Bugman
,Not Recommended,208650,16653307,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,Very Buttery Bread,Framerate problem...........Just like eveyone else. Also where is the turn off motion blur button?....OR IS THERE EVEN ONE?!
,Recommended,208650,16655107,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,Gabbe2070,I like the game so much. And the Batmobile!And it work just fine with my computeri7 2600gtx 76016 ramAnd it`s great to play the game with xbox ONE gamepad!Here is it to fix the fps problemhttp://www.videogamer.com/features/game_guide/how_to_unlock_the_batman_arkham_knight_frame_rate_on_pc.htmlAnd I think it is a little to much batmobile on the missions!
76561197988706267,Not Recommended,208650,16677238,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,WarDog,"Worst launch ever. Lots of performance problems, fps drops, fps capped at 30 (WHY?!) and a game that is supposed to run on high in my computer (Alienware 17x with GTX 770M) I'm playing on low and still, having lots of lag. Batman Arkham Orgins has awesome graphics and worked really good, but this time....Developers are just giving a ♥♥♥♥ to us.I had HUGE expectations for this game, but honestly...this was the worst buy of the year.Plus Batman face is totally messed up, Orignis face was way better, he had expressions...this one he has a palid face with big blue eyes weird. Seriously guys, I'm glad Batman has come to an end for RockSteady."
76561198095823668,Not Recommended,208650,16679293,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,kingdom_frost,the arkham knight is actually WB studios and iron galaxy who caused gotham pain and performances issues.
,Not Recommended,208650,16679508,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,boogy135,"I really want to love this game, i really do. but its just keep freezing to me before the part when you play as Gordon and i cant load it. im was really hyped to play this game and right now i dont know what to do to fix it.. waiting for the patch to come out. hopefully to fix the damned thing up. ROCKSTEADY PLEASE DO SOMETHING AND FAST, THANKS!"
76561198143488174,Not Recommended,208650,16690622,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,Flex Wolf-skin,"As a huge Arkham series fan, I actually recommend NOT buying this game untill the performence issues are delt with, if they even are delt with. Because, even with a gtx 970, the game stutters and most textures look way too dull and murky then they should. My experience isn't as bad as others with lesser hardware are reporting, but I still acknowledge them. Its a shame because the first 4ish hours I've played really have been great. The combat's as refined as ever with new takedowns and abilities.The Batmobile is a blast as long as your framerate doesn't crap the bed wile driving it. The crimesolving is awesome  and requires you to actually think instead of highlighting all the obvious clues in bright red like in Origins. And without the issues the graphics would be a huge improvement from previous titles. Unfortunately I've now have a new issue, in that the game won't launch now. It did earlier but now the ""Preparing the lauch.."" pop-up shows then nothing happens, most likely another glitch, AND A BIG ONE. A great game is hidden under a metric ton of poor optimization and after an 8 month delay thats just not right at all. I'm assuming those delays were for the consoles as they're running fine. At least there's that. For now though, stay away untill the flood of post-launch patches come, just like every other game now these days *cough..AC Unity..*cough."
,Not Recommended,208650,16691817,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,Venom Durand,My friend got the game to work and I can't. It makes me really upset and I'm not happy. Is it wrong to want to die?
76561198036073866,Not Recommended,208650,16687359,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,Man of Glass,"Looks ugly, laggs like♥♥♥♥♥♥ Not a penny worth. Very dissapointed."
,Not Recommended,208650,16708225,"Posted: 25 June, 2015",all,Ya Boy Pizza,:(((((((((((((((((((((((
,Recommended,208650,20984734,"Posted: 5 February, 2016",all,BuGjAE,"Since the game was released over a year , Now it getting better and better mostof the lagging were gone , The game itself lookvery nice every objects in the game look polished,fantastic rendering and the game itself  is fun same as its predecessor.buy it if you wait  for discount now it s a good time"
,Not Recommended,208650,16656788,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,StormRaider555,"I'll buy the game back when it's fixed, until then, it's not worth buying. :D"
76561198260465251,Recommended,208650,22505075,"Posted: 18 April, 2016",all,AutoRetro12,"Great game, love the storyline, the gameplay is fantastic and well polished and the batmobile is amazing. I also love the season pass including dlc such as season of infamy and a matter of family. I also love going through the sidequests as they are all exiting and also rewarding."
76561197988825088,Recommended,208650,23117295,"Posted: 21 May, 2016",all,Whitey,"Most detailed city I have ever seen... I was constantly surprised... most city games you get alot of filler same same.  This one you could acutally live in if you weren't constantly being harrassed by a bunch of dudes...hhmmm where are the chics? Gotham city has 3 women, ol wheelie girl, cat, and vegetable face.There are cool bars to go to and movie theaters, so many cool places that have neat glowing neon stuff behind the windows you could take your girlfriend to, you could probably get in there if you tried hard enough. But no you are always blazing past everything fightin for your life breakin peoples bones sending them straight to jail.  Your always hearing some♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥bag talking trash on your stalker secret radio and then oh no I gotta smash his face, but NO KILL! Puttem in the clink.If you slow down and just look up close at some of the stuff, like the walls and ceilings and inside windows, usually with a normal game you see bluuuh pixilation but this game you will be like woah! that ceiling has people painted on it rowing on a boat or this electric box has a perfectly modeled red motherboard in it, wait is that my motherboard?..who the hell would do thissuch a good game"
,Recommended,208650,22990534,"Posted: 14 May, 2016",all,GreY,Talking now about full game without pro and contras !Batman AK is my Fav game of the series most annoying for me was that feeling  the normal settings aint gave you the most best feeling for the fightsystem so i had need rechange everything and then play.Anyway the Story is awesome graphics awesome everything !But dont buy Season-Pass isnt worth i say !
76561198134594513,Not Recommended,208650,16687650,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,skyeonfire,30fps..... really? not o mention♥♥♥♥♥♥keeps crashing everytime I call the batmobile.
,Not Recommended,208650,20979979,"Posted: 5 February, 2016",all,DaGarebear,"Still crashy garbage, can't even do AR challenges, and no, it isn't because I have a crappy computer, I built this rig less than a year ago, it runs Rise of the Tomb Raider on max."
76561198028239028,Not Recommended,208650,21012623,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,gmfnem,"the game is awesome, i just wish it wouldnt crash as much."
,Recommended,208650,21713671,"Posted: 8 March, 2016",all,IronHammer187,I play on my HD 7870 game runs great a few crashes here and there seems mostly to happen after the pc wakes from sleep a simple restart fixes it I have to say all in all I love this game
76561198246502882,Recommended,208650,21662862,"Posted: 6 March, 2016",all,Spider-man,"i have no regrets bought this game,especialy red hood and ar challenge packsgood job rocksteady god bless you all"
,Recommended,208650,16654432,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,ジャック,So... Many... Freezes...
,Recommended,208650,21258370,"Posted: 16 February, 2016",all,Modafa,"THE BEST ARKHAM GAME EVER !!!!!!!!The story telling was the best .... awesome work Rocksteady.NoteIt runs pretty well on my PC, i got 60fps with my GTX 970."
76561198028197092,Recommended,208650,21243736,"Posted: 15 February, 2016",all,so storng fiter,Best one of the series. The game crashed maybe once or twice during my playthrough.
76561198085171447,Recommended,208650,21041553,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,dogboat333,"Oh boy. Batman Arkham Knight, the fourth in the Arkham series and the third developed by Rocksteady, this is without a... incredibly dividing game. When this game was released back in June 2015, it was a more disasterous launch than the Challenger shuttle. The framerate was♥♥♥♥♥♥ glitches were everywhere, and the PS4 had better graphics than the max version. Numerous people have put this on their ""Worst of 2015"" list because of this. So. What do I think of this atrocious excuse for a game?It was pretty good. Not my GOTY, but I think it would be in my top 10 of 2015. Now, before you crucify me, just hear me out, alright? Put the gun down... HEY, PUT THE DAMN GUN DOW...STORY: You are Bruce Wayne, AKA Batman. After the death of The Joker in Arkham City nine months post-Arkham City, crime rates have declined in Gotham and it seems that things are normal. However, The Scarecrow threatens to unleash his fear toxin upon Gotham, causing the city to evacuate and for Batman to get back into his suit and go after him and restore peace to Arkham for possibly the last time. However, a militia lead by the Arkham Knight, a villian who nobody knows anything about, has teamed up with Scarecrow, causing things to be more difficult than they would usually be. The story is alright, it isn't as good as it was in City IMHO, but it was better than Origins.GAMEPLAY: Combat is refined, it feels better than it did before. Stealth is there, and it feels more viable. Still, it feels awesome to beat thugs up, and while that still is an option, it is a bit harder of one than before. There's a new FEAR takedown system, which lets you take out up to three thugs (five with upgrades) before you go into combat. There are medics now who revive enemies you knocked out and give existing enemies a boost, take those out ASAP or else it will be harder to deal with. The usual thugs from the last games are there, too. Boss battles are fine, nothing as awesome as the Mr. Freeze battle, but it's fine.We also have the Batmobile now, and let me tell you... eh, it's alright. It isn't as awesome as I wanted it to be, it feels a bit lighter than it should have been, but at the same time, I don't get where people are coming from when they say it's terrible. It's pretty fun, and I liked using it.GRAPHICS, PERFORMANCE, AND LEVEL DESIGN: Okay, let me say this first and foreforth: I don't know if anyone else will have better luck with a different rig. That said, I had no issues at all. None. I think that all of the issues are fixed as far as I can tell. Graphically it looks amazing too. And don't go all ""But dog, it looks better on PS4, nyeh!"" SHUT UP! It still looks good. So shut up. Gotham looks good, it has a lot of details to it, all three islands are nice to be around. The open world looks nice, there are a lot of cool places to explore, and I can't complainCHARACTERS, VOICE ACTING, AND DESIGN: Batman is voiced by Kevin Conroy like the last couple times, and he does a good job. Scarecrow is played by one of the guys from Fringe, he's spooky as hell and is the best voice actor in this whole thing. The Joker also kinda has a role in this, and Mark Hamill still kicks♥♥♥♥♥ Other than that... well, it's kind of weird. I mean, the voice acting is top notch, but it seems kinda emotionless. Kinda hard to explain. Character design still looks good, no complaints there.SIDE ACTIVITIES: You're Batman, you got a lot to do. Save firemen, save Catwoman from the Riddler, ♥♥♥♥ around with the Arkham Knight's militia's stuff. Some are better than others of course, I get♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥off at the thought of doing the Riddler trophies and challenges, but ah well. There are also the AR Challenges that you can play, if you're into those, you can play them.FINAL VERDICT: I don't blame you if you're still a bit butthurt about the performance issues day 1, but it shouldn't cloud your judgement of this game. 8/10, if you like the Arkham games, or are a big Batman fan, it's now $40 off sale, I grabbed it when it was $24. If not, maybe wait for a future sale where it's off more.How many more bones would you crush? How many lives will you destroy in pursuit of what you call justice? You are the product of everything you fear; Violence, Darkness, Helplessness... All that remains is for you to watch as I drag your beloved Gotham into oblivion."
76561198233034080,Recommended,208650,21361245,"Posted: 21 February, 2016",all,Fritzsche,"Finally payable, and it runs smoothly on highest settings at least for me. Personally I loved the game and the story this time around was even better than before while the addition of the batmobile was definately welcome and fun. I highly recommend it."
76561198083443467,Recommended,208650,20498158,"Posted: 12 January, 2016",all,iPeculiar,"i'm shocked by the season of infamy DLC. Some people have already spent upwards of $100 USD for a virus with a fancy logo and they think people are gonna spent more money on this? For me the game wasn't unplayable so i do have to recomend it but really, all the things wrong with it. more than 6 months of patchs and some people still cant play it???? and now. even after they gave owners of the game the full arkham collection there still releasing DLC that you have to pay more for. how long as this DLC been sitting in Rocksteady with a big stuff you fans written on it?"
76561198361593800,Recommended,208650,30231887,Posted: 27 February,all,ComradeCommissar,"Pros:- Immersive free-flowing combat- A large variety of new enemies- Longer story line that has many new characters, with many new heroes and villians not seen in previous Arkham games- A large open world that you could explore (Gotham City)Cons:- Repetitive story missions and AR Challanges"
76561198262850038,Recommended,208650,31589515,Posted: 6 May,all,DarienZero,"Arkham Knight combines much of the grit of the Rocksteady titles with the poor design choices of WBs Arkham Origins. While the story itself is well worth a playthrough, constant issues will definately keep you from a second one.The Good:Graphically the game is the best it's ever looked. Light and fog effects are gorgeous (when turned on) and the turbulent ocean effects were jaw dropping.Gameplay had a fairly steady difficulty curve, provided you are going through all the side missions you will feel like Batman by the end, perfectly timing combos and flying through predator encounters.The story is still where the game shines. The voice acting is completely on point and the main story has real weight to it. While it is the weakest of the trilogy it still stands on its own as a solid end to the series.The Bad:The one issue that will plague you from start to finish is the loading. Having a ""seemless"" city to prowl around in sounds great at first, until you feel your hard drive chunking away trying to keep up. This is the legacy of Arkham Origins. This is especially an issue when you upgrade the speed of your grappler​. Speeding between ""zones"" without loading screens at crazy speeds creates hiccups and loading wheels constantly. This drove me crazy in Origins and it's back with a vengeance in Knight. My only solution was literally pausing the game and waiting for my HDD light to calm down then resume. It took me completely out of the immersion of flying around Gotham like a boss.Then there is the story. Without giving anything away from the get-go the story really starts to paint Batman as a real schmuck. It feels very forced, almost like the story he forcing his decision making rather than creating it. In the end much of Batman's arc feels forced. The writers wanted a result and bent and contorted their characters to get it.Verdict:If you have played the first 2 as I have, this is pretty much a must play, just for completion. Just like Mass Effect before it, this final entry feels forced and crushed under the weight of its own success."
76561198327146767,Recommended,208650,31616986,Posted: 7 May,all,chaoticyle,"Great game after Arkham City, riddler part was simplified. Great time on this game!"
,Recommended,208650,31623175,Posted: 8 May,all,XOdiAC_XSYCHO,"All the porting issues been fixed, no frame drop, everything is stable.and oh-my-oh-my, its one hella-of-a-game guys !!Arkham series has been always one of my favourite game series by far. but arkham knight had a rough PC-launch when it released.glad that i didn't bought it then.but now.. u can enjoy the game at its full glory. its one of the best game of the decade, period.. thats it, i said it !~you havvvvvvvvvvvve to play this game, if you consider yourself a gamer !!simply a MASTERPIECE !"
,Recommended,208650,31650409,Posted: 9 May,all,Romero,"Batman: Arkham Knight is an excellently crafted game, but struggles from being a bit too big. The city is designed greatly, and the fighting and Batmobile is really really well done.However, the tank battles you constantly have to do are really annoying, and the missions that are outside of the main storyline are really, really repetitive. It's just the same thing but bigger, over and over again. I can understand that they had a million other things to do, but I'd rather have a smaller amount of missions with bigger and more expansive storylines than more missions with you doing the same thing.Over-all, this game is about around The Dark Knight Rises level of good. It isn't as good as it's predecessor, or maybe even it's predecessors, but it is excellently crafted with an interesting storyline and great voice acting from Kevin Conroy as Batman."
76561198091072347,Not Recommended,208650,17821487,"Posted: 31 August, 2015",all,Sir Wolfric,"""None of your friends have played this game recently. Tell them why they should.""You shouldn't."
76561198031911939,Not Recommended,208650,17842504,"Posted: 1 September, 2015",all,Elite| Blackwindxiii,
,Not Recommended,208650,17809151,"Posted: 31 August, 2015",all,Call The Monty's,"Honesty, I've come to terms with this game never getting fixed. Guess I'll just never buy from WB or Rocksteady ever again."
,Not Recommended,208650,18940713,"Posted: 7 November, 2015",all,Ibuki Mioda,"Use to work half way playable for a while but the ""Big fixes"" broke the game to the point where half of the game doesn't even work anymore... Stuck now with an unplayable game for pretty much forever that you can't even use detective mode without all the enemies and guys your suppose to be helping disappearing...  Spent hours trying to work on it trying to find a solution and there isn't one and probable won't be one..."
,Recommended,208650,29189122,Posted: 11 January,all,Nit Pick,"TL;DRWait untill the PC port's price is reduced or discounted to around the $10 range, WB's laziness doesn't deserve full price.It is hard to recommend this with it is the game’s history. The good news it is in a stable position to a point where it is playable.The fighting mechanics are just as good to me as past games. Now there is up to five quickfire gadgets, which is especially tricky to use with mouse and keyboard. So I would recommend playing this with your choice of controller. I say this because I sometimes get Playstation buttons showing up before I move the mouse. However I can say the gliding mechanic is perfected to a point where it is fun to use with the mouse and keyboard.This brings me to the Batmobile, I do not enjoy a lot of the mechanics and side missions of the vehicle. It does however feel needed for the unmanned tanks that Batman needs to fight against. Using it for the entirety of the game goes from rewarding to tedious in a negative curved line graph direction. The city is evacuated so that the Batmobile can run into bad guys. The enemies are knocked out with an electric shock when run over. When shooting at enemies, Batman shoots the baddies with bean bag shots to knock them out with one hit. Coming back to the gliding mechanic, it’s still fun to use and does not get tiring. In fact, the gliding is better than ever and a better choice than driving. Why drive when you can glide in a straight line?The story I will highlight in sectioned spoilers, but at this point in the game’s life; it is unavoidable. I am just trying to be a cool guy for those who have not caught up.The game starts off with Commissioner Gordon narrating in the beginning about how the Batman died. The game kicks off with a small but scary fear gas attack in a diner. Everyone kills everyone else in the place out of the visions they see. Scarecrow makes an announcement that something big will happen to Gotham. Scarecrow is voiced by John Noble of Fringe, Sleepy Hollow, Lord of the Rings fame. The city is evacuated… ok. I suppose that makes it so that every one of the npcs that run around the city are all bad guys.Batman shows up with the much needed gadgets that everyone who played the past games are familiar with. Pressing G brings up the gadget wheel, it is a rather good selection to start off with.One gadget like the freeze grenade is easy to miss, even for me. It can be found in where Batman enters a Batcave in an old movie recording studio. As he leaves the elevator, the freeze grenade is on an end table on the very left near a cell. It is very missable as I had it at the last ten percent of the game.He later learns about the titular Arkham Knight. Some whiny villain that bests Batman in combat and uses guns. Arkham Knight is in cahoots with Scarecrow to have their revenge that leads a militia. Anyone who is familiar with Batman lore can decipher who the Arkham Knight is.At a point, Batman has to diffuse a bomb in ACE Chemicals that could blow up Gotham. However the story makes it sound like Batman is succumbed to what looks like his final sacrifice. All of a sudden...Joker shows up. Mark Hamill and all… yeah. However this time he is a hallucination of Batman while under the effects of the fear toxin. Haunting and taunting Batman as he does the things Batman does best. Joker still looks sickly and gross, however through the course of the game, he gets better while Batman gets worse. Turns out, Batman is under the effects of a Joker toxin along with three other people he locked up to study them. However it sounds like Joker himself wants to take over Batman’s body to live again. Joker shows Batman what happened to the first Robin, branding his face with a J and torturing him to a point where he hates Batman.Which turns to the final arch of the game, yep, turns out Arkham Knightwas Jason Todd, the first Robin. When Arkham Knight is unmasked, Deathstroke takes over the militia that Jason led initially. It was really disappointing to me that I could not have a proper fight with Deathstroke. Arkham Origins was not a good game but the patched version still had the good fighting mechanics. It was a real challenge for me to fight Deathstroke in AO. Arkham Knight, you fight Deathstroke in a tank. Somehow the game makes it not fun at all. Take a pot shot at the tank, run away, repeat until his health bar is gone. When the tank is done, Deathstroke is defeated.Tim Drake gets kidnapped by Scarecrow, Batman has to save him by sacrificing his real identity. Batman goes through with it, revealing Bruce Wayne’s face to the entire world (however Riddler does not believe it, thinking it is a trick). Scarecrow ends up being defeated anyway, even with his second overdose of fear toxin. Batman contacts Alfred to initiate the Knightfall protocol. The player can finish the game to get one hundred percent completion. Upon doing so, Batman says the city is safe, the police leave the safety of the precinct to take back Gotham. However the player can complete the game at any time between ninety to one hundred percent. Bruce in his Batsuit without the cowl arrives home with news outlets outside wanting to have an interview. Alfred at the door asks are you sure you want to do this? Bruce confirms as he closes the door behind him as all of a sudden the mansion blows up. Leaving the news outlets to believe he died.Gordon later finishes the story with a mom, dad and son coming out of a theater, history almost repeating itself. A shady pointy eared figure is seen up in the rooftops, the thief’s knowledge of Batman’s identity makes them not afraid of what they see. Until the figure shows it’s true form.Personally I find the story to be lackluster however it is better than most games I have played.I am in no way shape or from a fan of Joker, so I was hoping that he would be excluded in the game. To no avail, he had to be brought back.My favorite villain who I find to be more of an anti-villain of sorts is Mr. Freeze. Sadly he is only in a DLC mission.The only time I can suggest when to buy it is when it reaches within the $10 range. Even it’s $30 range seems pricy. So wait until then.I do not know how to end it… Batman’s good, Batman’s great, pull down your pants and…celebrate!"
,Recommended,208650,29827439,Posted: 10 February,all,old eleven,goodgame
,Recommended,208650,24736227,"Posted: 5 August, 2016",all,Reddsinz,"Harley Quinn mini game Dlc was awesome but short. Found at about 10% of the actual game it got boring and far too tedious, for example 2-3 moves minimum to stealth attack every single time boring and Batman seems wimpy  in the edition. Batmobile is fun at first. But over all I think it could have been better. A 3 star rating  honestly."
,Recommended,208650,27147784,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Dark Ghabos,this is cool game ever
76561198002986817,Recommended,208650,29577391,Posted: 29 January,all,Phantom Virus,"Absolutely fantastic game! A great way to finish the Batman saga. I know this game had its problem for launch and for that they should be ashamed. Still, they payed heavily for that price and with any luck they won't make that mistake again. The game is, for the most part, fixed. Its still extremely advanced but you can still run it on low settings for computers like mine. I really enjoyed how they brought the story to a close. There was a ton more side quests then I would have preffered but the fact they found a way to have Joker in it, more then made up for it. I'm so glad to hear Mark Hamill's Joker again for the last time. I'd say the bad voice they found for joker was one of the lowest points in Arkam Origins. I'm sad the series ended but I'm glad to have enjoyed every moment of it. If you enjoy the series they you absolutely must finish it. All I can hope is that Rocksteady and WB come up with another series to entertain again. I love this game and I think you will to if you are as much of a Batman fan as I."
76561197973248151,Recommended,208650,27686454,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Kueller,"After hearing a lot of negativity about this port, but loving the first two games in the series (Origins is left out of the equation, seeing as it has little to do with the narative arc, and was by a different developer)I decided to chance it when I saw this one on sale. I must say, overall, I'm impressed. True, the framerate isn't always as smooth as could be, and some of the button layout changes are questionable (what do you mean, X to brake with the batmobile?), overall this is still highly enjoyable.It's still very much an Arkham game, and I love the characters and (so far) the way everything unfolds. All the personalities of the villains come across nicely, there's plenty of nods to all 3 arkham games (so including origins) and the game is definitely the best looking Arkham game.For completeness sake, my pc specs are: i7-3770, GTX 970, 16GB RAM and the game is installed to an SSD. While these specs are good, they're also not latest and greatest, and I run the game with max detail, and Nvidia Gameworks on. If you can't take the occasional screen stutter, it might grate your nerves, but I haven't seen any game-breaking bugs, crashes to desktop or blue screens that I've seen so much commotion about. I suppose your milage may vary..."
,Recommended,208650,26484747,"Posted: 7 November, 2016",all,pcbl4ckw1ngz,"Solid game, but not the best conclusion to the series. (SPOILERS)Pros:*Batman has an faster ground takedown in the middle of combat*Special Batclaw takedown is super hype*Corner takedowns have an extended range now*APC chases are what I expected when the Batmobile was announced*Dual-play combat is lovely, takedowns are fun to watch and yield a ton of points*Dual-play boss fights*Newest and toughest Predator enemies yet introduced here (Minigunner, personal guards, BOA drone controllers, sentries, and DMDs)*Bulletproof troops for Red Hood*Surprising genre shifts in intro and ending*Endless Knight being the very first endless predator map ever in the history of the Arkham series*Beautiful remasters of Asylum and City maps in Crimefighter Challenge Pack 6*NO MORE GODDAMN TITANS*Red Hood being super OP*Fantastic OST from Nick Arundel*Medics keep you on your toes*Ejecting from the Batmobile*FEAR TAKEDOWNS*Knightmare nerfs fear takedowns by disabling it the instant you're spotted*Silent ledge takedowns*You don't get spotted immediately in vents but once you are they're destroyed with thermobaric charges*Predator Awareness introduced for those who like it- can be turned off (I prefer it off)*Season of Infamy being the most engaging set of stories in the entire gameCons:*Gadget wheel finnicky*The Arkham Knight was exactly who we expected him to be*Having vehicle boss fights*Having TWO nightmarish vehicle boss fights*Combat Awareness not being able to be turned off*Endless Knight being a rehash of Terminal Velocity and therefore does not properly accomodate every single character*No Knightmare for anything else other than combat challenges in challenge mode*Returning City side characters have a ridiculously nerfed moveset now- Catwoman can't even double takedown anymore*Riddler Challenges are nightmarish*PS4 DLC becoming exclusive*Bulletproof troops not being present in combat/predator*Too many shield enemies for side character combat maps*Azrael rehashing Batman's combat moves/gadgets due to story reasons*Inability to free roam as other characters*Ambigious ending*Post-story DLC sorta soils ending*Million Dollar Mayhem should have been DLC*Zsasz left hanging as a minor plot thread"
76561198024380765,Recommended,208650,28846801,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,Sexbot 5000,"To those that don't want this game because of it's notoriety for having abysmal performance and whatnot, I assure you that those problems are gone. This could be because I am running a 1080 gtx and an i7 6700k but this game runs great. I play it locked at 90 fps but was able to get around 130 at 1440p maxed out. It drops to around 50 fps very occasionally and only for 1 or 2 seconds. Now, regarding the actual game. I got the complete version for 9.99 and  the 5 hours I've put into it have already made it an amazing purchase. The production value is incredible and the game is basically an upgraded arkham city with a batmobile. The game is smoother, hits harder, and has blown my mind like 10 times already. If the game ended right now with no explanation it would be worth the 10 dollars. Buy it."
76561198160452181,Recommended,208650,26547166,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,EverNow,"I know this may actually be weird, And don't take me wrong i went into this game thinking it was gonna be a total piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥ but I’m actually surprised.I've noticed absolutely zero performance issues. And i congratulate the developers for truly fixing the issues. I don't think they deserve a ""Mixed"" rating on steam. While yes they did release a buggy game, and i do believe they should have waited and delayed the PC version, but still i believe people should update their reviews.Now lets get into gameplay, I will say the story was very good. One of the best Batman stories i have seen. While i will say the lines around the city seem a little repetitive after you've been playing for more than a few hours, but if you continue the story the lines refresh and its only after you completely finish the story that you notice the world without much life. I will not spoil much about the story but i will say, it was a thrill.Side missions are surprisingly also satisfying. While there is some repetitiveness, i enjoyed them and i was sad when i finished the mayor ones.Now this is where i seriously hate the publishing team on this one, 76$ on just DLC's? Are you ♥♥♥♥ing kidding me? That's more than the whole ♥♥♥♥ing game. I will maintain my review positive, because i was very thrilled by the game, but 76$ in DLC's is a very bad practice. Its not gonna stop though..."
76561198041647201,Recommended,208650,26218542,"Posted: 25 October, 2016",all,Otaku Tako,"Great game. I liked that it was much darker than the other games in the series. Push yourself through the first two hours of tutorials and Batmobile BS, and then suddenly it's 4am and you've been playing for 5 hours. I was never bored in this game. My only complaints are the forced use of the Batmobile, which was more annoying than fun/challenging, and the ??? ending. Definitely worth the play if you are an Arkham games fan."
,Recommended,208650,26490106,"Posted: 8 November, 2016",all,R3 SAM_SO133,"definitly not sommething i excpexted this is not some ol'fashion batman like asylum and city this is the defention of a new game i know i know its released in 2015 but that still doesnt make any difrrence this game has high quality grapichs whit an amazing story this game is higly recommended becuasfirst of all how joker follows you around tells you clues of the future things thats going to happensecond reason the story.... its dramatic,sad and happiness (kinda)HIGHLY RECOMMENDED"
,Recommended,208650,21485822,"Posted: 26 February, 2016",all,Mr. Penguim,"I really nice game, i would just enjoy more if boss fights were done without batmobile. I love fights on the game, and car fights is not so cool.but i do recomend."
76561197961762261,Recommended,208650,21856959,"Posted: 15 March, 2016",all,Mavja,This is a great games. Story was immersive and you get to drive the batmobile.
,Recommended,208650,28304153,"Posted: 10 December, 2016",all,Don KraZy,"I really like this game but to get the real ending you have to get all of Riddler's B.S. so I'm tempted to just watch the end on YouTube because it's just too much. The Batmobile is a fun addition regardless of what you hear, it just takes getting used to. Level it up and it feels invincible if you learn the combat mechanics. 2nd best Arkham game IMO. Lots of add-ons and extras keep it interesting. As far as the ""bad PC port"" issues go, I have had no issues playing this game other than crashing after I died in the beginning but it went away after some updates (game updates or GPU updates, not sure). 60 FPS in 1080p on Steam Link with AMD GPU/CPU no problem. 8/10."
76561197991414586,Recommended,208650,26089530,"Posted: 17 October, 2016",all,Hatebeast,"After avoiding this game at launch for reasons I don't think we need to dredge up again, I finally took the plunge and purchased this game to finish off the Rocksteady Arkham Trilogy which I have enjoyed so much. Despite a few minor concerns I have to say that I consider this to be a worthy ending for one of the best, (and most influental), series of recent years.Gameplay is almost immediatly familiar, comfortable, and satisfying. My only gripes initially being that coming fresh from a recent playthrough of Arkham City some of the controls needed some minor adjustments to avoid any unfortunate muscle-memory issues. Hardly a deal breaker. I did have some reservations regarding the addition of the Batmobile into the series. Most notably in one particular early mission where absolutly every single thing you do seems designed to make it steal focus entirely from Batman himself to an almost ludicrous degree. This felt rather forced and more than a little jarring. But after a few missions, things settled down and I warmed to it somewhat. Dare I say I even started toalmostenjoy my time screaming around the streets of Gotham as an alternative to always sticking to the rooftops..?In other news Batman beats up many people, solves many riddles, uses many gadgets, and faces many iconic villains throughout the game. All using the proven Arkham formula of freeflow combat, collectable hunting, predator sections, and numerous setpieces that we have become familiar with. Each of these has been nipped and tucked to add a little more polish to each mode, with a scattering of new enemy types and gadgets helping to keep it feeling fresh.Story wise I found the main antagonist pairing to play off each other nicely with a cocky militaristic character in the Arkham Knight nicely contrasting scarecrows coldly-menacing constant behind the scenes threat. Mostly. As someone who is not over-familiar with the source material and characters outside of the games and -some of- the films, I did enjoy coming into things blind and just going along for the ride. However a couple of big twists became painfully obvious even to someone not particularly well versed in the wider lore. Tonally, right from the outset the story goes to some pretty grim places, and despite a number of moments of levity doesn't ever let up. Which is what you want from a Batman game. Right?Before too long more threats begin to raise their heads most of which are dealt with in a pleasingly varied manner. Whether hunting down serial killer crimescenes, foiling a suspicious series of bank robberies, or chasing down APC's through the streets there always feels like there's something to do and I rarely found myself bored. Each side mission, (including the excellent DLC missions..), fit nicely into the overall narrative and mostly provide a satisfying arc all of their own. Things naturally end up prodding you towards the main story, which unfolds over a number of memorable events and locations building up threat levels to both the city and to Batman himself until it all comes to a head in the games final climactic moments. As the scarecrow is a big player here his signature mind-screw style, (a highlight of the series), makes a triumphant return neatly ending the series in truly breathtaking style.The same can be said of the presentation of the game as a whole. With this being the first Batman game to take advantage of current gen capabilities the effort that has gone into bringing the characters & world to life is... well.. Truly Breathtaking. Character models, the wrist communicator device, incidental environmental details, rainfall on your cape, a sprawling city to explore, the look of horror on some hapless thugs face as you break their leg.. the list goes on and on. Everything coated with all the sparkly effects and fancy graphics terms you need a week of practice to pronounce let alone understand. In laymans terms: It looks ace.A few words on sound design, particularly on voice acting. I found that, (as with earlier games), the voice actors absolutly nailed it. In some cases of course these folks have had several years or even decades playing these characters but this doesn't make their accomplishments any less impressive. Hearing the Riddler's smug facade slip again as you chip away at his puzzles is as satisfying as ever. Scarecrows mellow voice delivering creepy threats on the billboards. Arkham Knights cocky bravado starting to show cracks as you tear into his army. Combined with Kevin Conroys' Batman and a few other returning characters doing what they do best. Awesome. Oh, and the sound of a thugs arm being broken never gets old.Now in fairness before we wrap up, I have -fairly- recently upgraded my pc. So it's possible that I may be one of the lucky ones here but I very rarely saw the FR drop below 60, despite all the settings maxxed out. Also through my 40 hours played I experienced just one minor crash. Impressive considering all the horror stories we all remember from launch. Hats off to the folks that kept at it, and eventually tweaked this into not just a fantastic end to the series story wise, but also a worthy addition to the Arkham Series as a whole which can hold it's head up high with the best of the rest."
76561198098305238,Recommended,208650,26095853,"Posted: 17 October, 2016",all,NapalmX717,"A great Batman game in terms of fluidity in combat, a variety of missions, and graphics. The cons that suffer in this game is the overall story, (they could've done better and if you're pretty familiar with the Batman universe you will immediately know who the main villain is aside from Scarecrow) A lot of side missions are really fun but some were either too short or very weak, an example being the Deathstroke mission or Man-Bat Mission; a good example of a good side mission would be The Perfect Crime. And of course, as many who would agree with me, there was TOO MUCH reliability in the Batmobile. Seriously, I'm starting to think they should've called this ""Batmobile: Arkham Knight"" instead. But aside from these nitpicks, this was indeed a great Arkham game and a shame that it had to be the last one since I would've hoped they could've given us another one by learning from their mistakes in this game.Here is a walkthrough I made of the game using The Dark Knight skin. Don't worry, there's no commentary!https://youtu.be/c06LWDLSFyI"
,Recommended,208650,28742694,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,John Videogames,My only issue is that i cant give jason a hug. Also tim's hairstyle killed my whole family. Other than that it's a good game
,Recommended,208650,29218850,Posted: 12 January,all,DuckPool,Great game! As for me - the best from all Batman series!Bought this game after optimization fix. I was very glad when it gave me a very smooth and pleasant gameplay on my AMD 8320 with 16 gb of RAM and R290 video card!On 5 stars scale rating i'll give to this game:Graphics: 5Sound\Music: 5Fun: 5Developers made a great work! Especially with lot of different costumes for characters. But still missing bright cartoon-style costumes and ability to choose them (except Batman) in campaign mode. Especially now when they make campaign cinematics with in-game engine! Cartoon-style costumes i mean like this:http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=840576201
11111222223333444,Not Recommended,208650,27066358,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Duke,"Why yes, I WOULD like to get in the ♥♥♥♥ing batmobile AGAIN.And yes, I was overcome with happiness when I saw the ♥♥♥♥ing thing get destroyed, only to have Batmobile Man say ""no worries fam I got a spare lol""Holy ♥♥♥♥ing christ, kill me. End my suffering."
,Recommended,208650,27227953,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,acole90,"Works perfectly fine now, looks amazing, brilliant story, fantastic gameplay... highly reccomended for comic fans"
,Recommended,208650,29291980,Posted: 16 January,all,Turtle,Pretty cool..You need a decent Video Card tho.. :P
76561198241736918,Recommended,208650,28511760,"Posted: 21 December, 2016",all,PlaKhem,800 hours bro i feel i'm a real fugging batman
76561198213676733,Recommended,208650,28870047,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,cookie123456,"Yes, the game was plagued with issues. Yes, the game does stutter sometimes while in the batmobile. Did you play Arkham asylum? How about Arkham City? If like me you did and throughly enjoyed those games, you were determined to play Arkham Knight. Yet, alas!, it seemed impossible due to so many bugs and issues with system requirements. To those people who have purchased the game only to refund it shortly afterwards, I implore you. Do not be like the fox who could not reach the grapes and decided they were sour! Anything hard is worth doing, buy the game again, get it running. I am so glad I did, the best Batman game to date.A masterpiece!"
76561198015565939,Not Recommended,208650,16663412,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,t1ione,"Fps Lock 30 !!!Sli Drops to 25 fpsHave like 4 options in menu -)))Srly 2015 -))))28.10.2015After extensive testing, a hard drive paging issue with some GPUs on Windows 7 may occur after extended gameplay sessions. If you encounter this, simply re-launching the game will resolve the issue.Don't buy this crap."
,Not Recommended,208650,16679885,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,Flursh,"Amazing game, but terribly optimized. I suggest buying this on either PS4 or Xbox if you have one. I didn't expect to be surprised with this, but I'm very dissapointed."
76561198132862300,Not Recommended,208650,16660333,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,Mr. Dig Bick,"Got like 10 minutes in,Jumped in to the batmobile,Started moving,fell through the floor,game crashed.10/10, cant wait for the next terrible port!"
76561198053264807,Not Recommended,208650,16655221,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,NevaBeast,"I am someone who cannot afford a top of the line PC, however I am fortunate to have a very good PC using AMD as my graphics card. Unfortunately because of this I don't have access to features such as interactive smoke or enhanced rain. While I'm not torn up too much about this fact, I am a little disappointed that this is not an option for me. However, having AMD or Nvidia does not seem to matter that much as the game doesn't actually run at the moment. The mouse sensitivity is all over the place and there is no option to adjust this. In addition, having a steady frame rate doesn't seem possible at the moment. Therefore, at this current time I cannot recommend this game in its current form. Now it seems I will have to wait until next week at the earliest to play this, it is a shame."
,Not Recommended,208650,16655048,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,hejrobin,Waste of money since it doesn't work. Crashes 5-10 minutes in etc.Should've bought it for PS4 instead...
76561197960818732,Not Recommended,208650,16651489,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,Raz,"My rig is a i7-4770k (3.5GHz), 16 gig ram, GTX970. I installed this game on my brand new 500GB SSD drive. On the PC it is capped to 30FPS, which makes it look ridiculous. After editing the config-files manually I got it up to 60-ish which made it easier on the eyes. Despite of my rig this game does not run smoothly (compared to eg. Dying Light) Entering new areas, driving the batmobile and even cutscenes causes framerate-drops.Even when it runs smoothly it dosn't really look that good. Animations are somewhat stiff, textures take a little while to load, creating that lowres-to-highres-pop effect. Looking at the screenshots used on the storepage, they look much sharper. Edges tend to be much blurrier in game no matter what you do with the settings.The story is captivating, but it is told through a very unsubmersive game riddled with troubles, as of now. This is, sadly, a good example of AAAnus-games.  A big developer makes big promises and fails to deliver. Dat pre-order income, tho.This fortifies my initial ambition of a ""pre-order free 2015"", so at least I got that going for me.As a culture, us gamers needs to put an end to this kind of development-practices, and we can only do that by not repeating my misstake. Don't pre-order games, wait for them to be released and see if the studios make solid products before buying them."
76561198001950296,Not Recommended,208650,16657858,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,Ludwig van Knethoden,"First of all - my PC specs:GPU: 2 x GeForce GTX 980 SLICPU: Intel i7-5820j CPU @ 3,30 GHZ16 GB RAMNWindows 7You see, I got quite the beast.To the game:Horrible Performance. 30 fps and sometimes lag (hello @ batmobil) witrh my beast of a PC. wtf.Story and Gameplay - seems to be good so far. But im only 10% in the game.I still got the feeling the Devs f'ed me in my a§§ for buying the PC-Version and not the PS4 Version.My Conclusion:I pity everybody with a ""normal"" PC. Bad Port. Shame *ding ding*"
,Not Recommended,208650,16657331,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,d962831,"Completely unplayable. I don't know what the heck they were thinking, outsourcing the port to PC to a 12 person team that only has expereience with console games. The lag is so bad, I've spent 1.5 hours on it according to Steam and I haven't even gotten to actually play the game."
76561198038167754,Not Recommended,208650,16660048,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,╓╫ ProctoPhobic ╫╖,"Unplayable.  Major screen tears and major lag. I couldn't even get passed the introduction, 5 minutes into the game.Do not buy in it's current state.If not fixed soon, i will be requesting a refund."
,Not Recommended,208650,16657565,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,Sambasscles,"Dear potential buyer,You seem like a cool person, so please take this advice. Wait until you can get this for under 25 dollars. This controls are a bit slow, the Bat Mobile is extremely wonky and a little difficult to drive. Also, this game has none of the charm and character of the other games. It felt like the developers were getting a bit head tired by the time they were done, and just wanted to get it finished.By no means is it a terrible, it just sn't worth spending 60$ on. But if you can find it for 25$ in the Steam bargin bin on some rainy Sunday afternoon, then go nuts!TL;DR. Wait until it's on sale"
,Not Recommended,208650,16662245,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,GameBeard,no
76561198066752670,Not Recommended,208650,16666369,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,Lungris,"I literally played only a couple minutes of this game. Everything was so beautiful in each cutscene, the story, as usual, was crazy suspenseful, and then, there's the gameplay- it was just so unplayable. In the first few seconds of gameplay, the framerate dropped, the camera was jittery with each swing of the camera, and Batman glitched through the first thing I was on. The same place where the cutscene left me. And by the amount of negative reviews, it seems that these things are not uncommon.I was so excited for this game, only to be ruined by the prodigious technical bugs. I spent $60 on a couple good cutscenes and a mess of a game. The fact that this game was released in this condition is really pathetic.Do NOT buy this game until almost every technical bug is fixed- no matter how much you want it. It's a waste of money in this condition."
76561197963598958,Not Recommended,208650,16689173,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,Markie,"This is a very good game, but DO NOT buy it or give the developers a penny (it appears nothing was done to make this game run properly on a PC, which isn't exactly rocket science these days).  If you can get your money back, do that as soon as possible.  You could have a top-notch PC wtih top-notch hardward and this game isn't going to run properly.  This has nothing to do with anyone's hardware; it is poor programming, lack of testing, and pure greed on the part of the developers.  All DLC should instantly be made free for this game for the next year and they really need to make a huge public apology to all PC gamers who were looking forward to this game.I think the only chance this franchise of games has to save itself would be to immediately address the graphics problems, drop the price to $30 on Steam (issue Steam credit to anyone who paid full price), and include all DLC to everyone who purchased a copy.  They also need to really go out of their way to make it up to people who did pre-orders... something really above and beyond that shows everyone they acknowledge they screwed the pooch hard on this one.DO NOT SPEND ACTUAL MONEY ON THIS GAME!  DO NOT SUPPORT THESE DEVELOPERS!  LET THEM GO THE WAY OF THE DINOSAUR."
76561198060038326,Not Recommended,208650,16658613,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,jacob650,"I never wrote a review ever before for a game, as much as i love the arkham games i just can't belive Rocksteady had to gamble this one and port it to someone else?!? i Pre-ordered with the DLC content this game and put my trust in it soley because my impression was that rocksteady is devolping it, and we got Bamboozled big time! wasted so much money preping for the game, the Devs had to give it to us dry! no lotion no protection straight up dry♥♥♥♥♥♥ i want to refund the game but i spent over an hour in game menu playing with settings and looking around. you had 4 years devolping this game enough time to perfect it!?! we concured countries in less than that much time, we can find the lost city of atlantis in four years! but we can't release a triple AAA game that can run decently right at the start? May the fleas of a thousand camels decend upon the one resposible for thy suffering and agony you have put forth thee!This taught me to never EVER Pre-order again, if a AAA game is broken this bad !*Update* i managed to play the game with the low FPS and stutter and all that, and i realy love the story line and game play, it is just sad the graphics, fps and all that suck, but this would of been the best game ever if it wasn't for the issues it has......i still love Batman...i will crawl up in this corner and cry a lot....ASUS Maximus VIntel i7 3770k @ 4.6GHZ2x GTX Titans SLI Surround (over clocked for 2 years with no issues )16GB corsair RamFully water cooled, running two radiators, D5 pump, Cosmos 2 case EKWB blocks (7k build)"
,Recommended,208650,32109147,Posted: 1 June,all,meh,"It runs good, it plays good, it has Batman in it.Not the best in the series but I loved it.Batmobile gameplay is a mess though."
,Recommended,208650,32788100,Posted: 25 June,all,BoxMan,"Have a modest PC, but could still run the game on medium settings with a decent framerate so they have fixed the issues the game had on launch. Also I have beat all of the Arkham games multiple times and I think this one is definitely the best. If you like the other ones then you'll love this one."
,Recommended,208650,21288775,"Posted: 17 February, 2016",all,WhoaItsCody,Pros:- Great graphics- Interesting story than involves a lot of Batman's villains without feeling oversaturated- Lots of gameplay changes that set the game apart from the rest of the Arkham seriesCons:- Slight framerate issuesScore: 9/10Overall this is an amazing game and my now favorite of the Arkham games.UPDATE - 22/08/2016I'm changing the score to 6/10 just because of the constant crashes. I only crashed like two times on my first playthrough but now it's barely playable on NG+. For some reason it's crashing too often and it's no longer enjoyable.
76561198093469347,Recommended,208650,24065894,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,JohnBobbyTables,"Probably my favorite out of the series, the new bat mobile stuff is super cool. The tank battles are pretty difficult and intense on the hardest difficulty."
,Recommended,208650,29130820,Posted: 8 January,all,Puglas,"After getting scared off by the inital poor reviews, I finally purchased after a year and loved it.Batman has always had three pillars of gameplay: exploration, combat, and predator mode.This game adds a fourth pillar in the form of the batmobile combat.  These gameplay mechanics are not as fun or varied as the standard batman gameplay and usually get a little boring after a minute or two.  However, the original three pillars are still as fun as in the original games.Heavy recommend."
,Recommended,208650,29130778,Posted: 8 January,all,Cony,"This is the funniest out of all the Arkham games. It's also likely the one with the most content. If you're getting DLC as well, I'd reccomend getting the Batman Classic TV Series Batmobile Pack; the 1970's Robin is perhaps the best skin of them all."
76561197991375010,Recommended,208650,29143900,Posted: 9 January,all,OniKeys,"I have a i7 860 and radeon hd 7970, 8gb ram, runs pretty well, some random crashes but nothing mayor, gameplay was fun and the batmobile was not bad either, but understand if other people didnt like it, got it on discount and got my money's worth on the first hour of gamplay.TOTALY RECOMENDED, but check if it runs ok on your computer first."
76561198048227370,Recommended,208650,29145822,Posted: 9 January,all,Sigourney Weiner,"This game's got great graphics, great gameplay, and an allright story. 8/10, would bang."
76561198047555343,Recommended,208650,29134565,Posted: 8 January,all,KingWik,"So for me, on my rig, this game runs flawlessly! Seems that what ever issues their was on release have been ironed out.Voice acting is greatGameplay is good-Combat is goodGraphics are goodStory is goodThe new Batmobile/Tank is a nice addition to the series and helps to seperate it from previous batman games!Gotta love the Joker to help keep things light during Batmans peril. If not for the horrible pc launch of this game, I am sure this game would have gotten atleast an 8 out of 10 review, on pc. Now it is a steal at $20. Highly recommended!!!"
,Recommended,208650,25564268,"Posted: 18 September, 2016",all,memen_918,"When this game was announced, I hopped on the hype train. Rocky launch. So I waited till it went on sale and when it's all fixed up. looks so damn good. buy it. you won't regret it"
,Recommended,208650,31652514,Posted: 9 May,all,Foxi,"A very enjoyable finale to the Arkham series -play the others first! However, I found myself super frustrated at the game, as it has so many really fantastic elements, but the whole experience was just really muddled and was clearly molded to suit a larger audience rather than making sense. The batmobile was way too overused; it should have been an occasional treat for some vroom vroom bang bang, rather than being used in practically every puzzle. Imo Batman's struggle with his own mind should have been the centre of the plot, leading slowly to him breaking his one rule, and giving up his life to save Gotham from Scarecrow, but also himself -perhaps having the *SPOILERS* Ace Chemicals scene at the end, with the Joker finally taking over as he dies. Also, I get some really crippling frame drops, from above 60 to about 1-2. The graphics and visual style is actually 👌👌👌  GOOD GAME OVERALL THOUGH YOU SHOULD PLAY IT"
76561198010553452,Recommended,208650,31427183,Posted: 28 April,all,IX MoNsTaR XI,"Possibly the greatest superhero game ever created.  It has such a good balance of gameplay, you never feel bored or overwhelmed.  One main storyline, and at least a dozen other side storylines.  The story is really good, I think the only other superhero game with a better storyline is Arkham Origins, imo.  I never experienced any of the technical issues anyone else has, I run on a GTX 1070."
,Recommended,208650,30386261,Posted: 7 March,all,Zebani,"The best batman game so far. I know it had some problem at lauch but they patched it quite well.There arr FPS drops of course but to be honers, it doesn't affect the playability significantly.I bought the game during the winter sale, it cost more or less $6. (my countries currency is TRY)I recommend all batman and action game fans to have this masterpiece . I bet you will enjoy it.P.S I don't think the developers overused the integration of batmobile into gameplay"
76561198272408262,Recommended,208650,24493974,"Posted: 24 July, 2016",all,The Bearded Batman,RecommendIt FINALLY WORKS!!!!!!Pros-Batman-Story-Batmobile-Graphics are the mudda amazing-Batman-Alfred-ModsCons-Took them forever to fix it-DLC has a pretty weak short story but the Mr.Freeze one is good
,Recommended,208650,28664707,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,snackumz,lost in gotham tbh imho
76561198067063847,Recommended,208650,28664911,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,vedesma,Very recommended game.Pros :1. Solid and flawless gameplay2. Batmobile and batmobile :D3. Great design of characterCons :1. (Few) Stuttering when play with batmobile
76561198057213081,Recommended,208650,23917707,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,klaus,"This is my first review and I´m basically writing this because it could be helpful to all the MAC-Users out there. Of course this is all about the game´s performance. I am playing under Bootcamp on a MacBook Pro, Quad Core processor,  16 GB Ram, with an NVIDIA GeForce GT 750M (2GB Ram).  I did the first big main mission including the first boss-fight against the chopper, also a few sidequests. So far it works about smoothly if - and that might be a big IF - I set all the graphic settings to ""low"" (still looks beautiful, though). So I would not recommend to play this on any weaker machine with any smaller graphics card. For comparison: I played Asylum, City and Origins on my older gear which only ran an NVIDIA 350M (512 MB Ram). All with at least mixed settings (textures for City and Origins on ""medium"", Asylum on ""high""). So - if not for Knight´s history - I would have expected this game to run on much higher levels on a laptop with four times the performance. Is Arkham Knight playable? Absolutely. Is it still badly optimised? Yes."
76561198193960806,Recommended,208650,23917915,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,leoliyuchou,"Heard about the glitches and bad performance about this game but honestly I personally experienced none. Maybe the game still doesn't work for some people but it runs nearly perfect for me with very minor lags very occasionally. But then I only have a 950m, so I think this is totally acceptable to me.I would definitely recommed this game as it is a very exceptionally good ending to the batman Arkham trilogy, at least from my perspective."
76561198050045289,Recommended,208650,23917827,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,Mooriah Cowrey,Good.
76561198035726025,Recommended,208650,23917961,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,where is my fucking chicken,I tried it back in 2015 it run likes ♥♥♥♥ but now it run smoothly on my r9 290 VGA for the games itself have a fun combat system and god i love the batmobile so 10/10 afterfix i'm addicted to it now no crash no super-duper lagged nice graphic nice system for me i think people underrated this game too much at least let's give it a try<3
76561197968331441,Not Recommended,208650,16662083,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,Scoutt,Was able to play a few minutes of the Harley Quinn side mission before the game started artifacting so bad i had to close out.   Do not buy until they fix all of the issues!!
76561197984877230,Not Recommended,208650,16662109,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,TheFourthWall,"Wow... I am amazed that in this day and age a developer can release such a higly anticipated game in this state. I prepurchased this game but rest assured it is definetly my last time doing so from RockSteady/Warnerbrothers. Origins released on the PC in a much better state. As much as I hate to say it, the PC version probably shouldve been pushed back. How in the heck do I get better FPS with one card as opposed to two in SLI (GTX 970s)? We can only hope that a much needed patch will improve the performance. This game was made for the consoles and then ported to the PC which in itself is horrid. Warner apparently doesn't want my hard earned money anymore. Not a problem. Until they get their act together then I'll save it for a much better produced game where the DEVS actually care about the PC consumer (Thank you Red Projekt). They did this with Black Flag and Mortal Kombat. Note to the Devs: if the game is not ready for a platform then push it back. Yes we will gripe and moan and whatnot but when you finally do release it we can only hope that we will get a fully optimized version of the IP (Thank you RockStar).  Anyway... rant over. Save your money until they get these issues resolved. Play another game."
,Recommended,208650,25563065,"Posted: 17 September, 2016",all,Drybones,"After watching TFS play this on there channel, I started to like what I saw but everywhere I looked all I was seeing was negative reviews on how it preforms badly or that it's not the best console to PC port. After waiting a while it showed up on sale so I got it and already i've clocked a few hours in the game. On first impressions I am impressed with what I see so far, graphics are good for what they are, gameplay is good enough for a casual gamer to come back too, and the story is again, decent. The only issue I have is that this game requires alot out of the computer. Batman: Arkham Knight was made for powerhouse computers and my computer, with a GTX 970 and i7 core, barely hits what the game needs. The only thing I can say for those looking for a good batman game is this: don't touch this game unless you are very sure your computer can run it. If not, look else where or look into upgrading or as some call it *future proofing* your system until it can."
,Recommended,208650,21420774,"Posted: 24 February, 2016",all,JimL2,"I bought this game for $25, Played with all pre-2016 patches. Hardware: GTX 970, 16GB RAM, i5-4670 running stock clock, installed on SSD. It is straight-up a *shame* that I need to preface my review with any of that.As a game, this is a thoroughly fine sequel to Arkham City. If you enjoyed City, and you think your PC will run it, you ought to give it a try. The tank combat wasn't as bad as I'd been hearing. I experienced fewer than five crashes over 60+ hours (although they were all hard, ""screen goes beige and sound buffer loops"" crashes). The ""filling the jail"" mechanic is incredibly rewarding, until you realize the effort required to 100% Maximum Security. Oh, speaking of which, don't go into this thinking you'll see the ""true"" ending unless you're a masochist for Riddler gadget puzzles. And if you *are* a masochist for Riddler gadget puzzles, well, the plot just isn't as good as Asylum or City. But... probably better than Origins. Sorry, Origins.Played with all GPU settings max'ed excepting antialiasing. V-sync ensured no screen tear. Graphics experience was far ahead of Fallout 4, quite a bit behind Witcher 3.It's really unfortunate that the Arkham series has ended this way, because after I finished the game, I wanted nothing more than to be Batman for another hundred hours. Rockstar nailed it with Asylum and have been making incremental improvements ever since, but with this entry they flew too close to the sun.If you're still reading this, still unsure, know that Mark Hamill's Joker gets a lot of really fun lines. That ought to tip your scale one way or the other."
,Not Recommended,208650,16657400,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,Gray Fox,"I've been told the game is amazeballs on the console, where it works rather flawlessly.  For the PC, the DRM system has a history of damaging hardware, supposedly, and the game is running properly for the lucky few.More than anything, this game was a proving grounds for Steam refunds."
76561198079002731,Recommended,208650,28504094,"Posted: 21 December, 2016",all,♥Ms4saksa,"Laggy at times, but since release this game is absolutely awesome, loved every moment and the dark brutal story was just captivating"
,Recommended,208650,23820076,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,hockeyhacker97,"I am torn on wither or not to recommend this game or not.  It is about a year after its famously bad release and a lot of people are saying the game is running a lot better for them. My experience though is that even on my fairly high end set up, I have to set all the graphics to low to have anything playable in the Batmobile sections because it runs about 12FPS in those sections otherwise.Maybe it's just some conflicting software, maybe its just a certain driver causing issues, but my experience is even a year after release the game runs and feels like how many alpha games run, not optimized at all.All in all not a good PC port even after a year. With that said though the game has a fantastic story to play through and for the most part runs at a tolerable (but not great) framerate apart from those batmobile sections which does not run at a tolerable framerate but mearly but a playable framerate.The Batmobile sections get really old after a short time, but the rest of the game is fairly good. Would I pick the game up at full price? No, I don't care how great the story is and how well the combat flows in a majority of the game, its got major major flaws that does not deserve rewarding a full price for. If the game is on sale 100% worth your time to play despite the major flaws, but at full price I would say WB needs to show a lot more care for PC and to not reward them with money for a terribly unoptimized game. WB needs to learn that sub par PC ports are not acceptable From Software learned that sub par ports are not acceptable, WB needs to learn the same thing, I mean its one thing to launch broken and be fixed in a few days, that's still pretty bad. But this has been a year and its still not up to PC expectations.Gameplay and story are fantastic, runs not that good on my rig but that could just be me (I doubt it, but it could). And since the biggest negitive might just be my rig seeing as a lot of people are saying its better, I will go ahead and give this a reccomended, but only if its on sale."
76561197984192348,Not Recommended,208650,16660896,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,TheBlackfish,"Ok first of all, I want to say that I have always been a huge fan of Rocksteady's previous Arkham games. They ran smoothly on my PC and I found both the gameplay and story enjoyable.This game however, oh man. The graphics are ok, yet it cripples my PC, particularly whenever the batmobile shows up. The game constantly crashes and boots me back to the desktop. After trying to verify the integrity of the game cache, steam deleted my game and I was forced to reinstall it. Instead of doing that, I went ahead and requested a refund. It was granted, thank the gods of Gotham I was not forced to play this stuttering mess of a game known as Batman: Arkham Cripple. Because that is exactly what this game is, a crippled version of a great game. Guys, the bat has been broken officially"
76561197976222615,Recommended,208650,23910694,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,InstableMonster,"Very happy to have bought this during the steam sale, game is now stable and playable. So don't let the out of dates review fool  you, this is now up to the quality of the other batman games."
76561198150782214,Recommended,208650,23862326,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,Benjago97,"Best Arkham Game so far!Good story, amazing graphics, perfect gameplay, and no problems on PC anymore."
,Recommended,208650,27395286,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,CookedCrash,"Awesome StoryAwesome GameplayI would recommend this, however pack a decent pc.Its not as bad as it used to be, but its not perfect either"
,Recommended,208650,28742864,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,MDL,"such a baeutiful game but i couldn't play in fullscreen it's because im laptop userthe game still buggy but i llove it, i ran this game in windowed mode so i could't get Max FPShope it will  be fixed soon"
76561198045516169,Recommended,208650,29253950,Posted: 14 January,all,Punisher_RUS,"It´s a good game with former Batman action along with a little bigger world and new Batmobile. Story is great! But i haven´t played the whole game, only 49%, but i look forward into some badass action.My System:i5-4690GTX 7708gb DDR3Every thing on ""High"" exept ""Shadows"" and PhysicXPerformence tweak: Put the game on 30 FPS, this stops the stuttering, wich you may experience on higher FPS-rates.8,5/10 compared to Arkham Asylum(8/10) and City(9/10)"
,Recommended,208650,29680332,Posted: 3 February,all,KangarooJoey,"Best Batman game out of the Rocksteady trilogy. Takes everything form the previous games and adds upon it. If you only play through the main story you will probably be bored with the batmobile tank combat, but if you do the side missions about Penguin, Two-Face, etc. it really opens the game up.And yes the game runs great, they finally optimzed the game."
76561198056766067,Recommended,208650,31523220,Posted: 3 May,all,Artstein,"Batman: Arkham Knight is a game that despite it's flaws and bad quirks is an amazing experience. For an Arkham series player would be somewhat fulfilling end.Pros:- Atmosphere and level design (Immersive and wonderfull city of Gotham makes this game feel authentic and very eye pleasing);- Gameplay - Combat System (As always top notch work on fighting mechanics and gadgets + team fights);- Animations (Cutscenes feel authentic and never out of place with great level of cinematography);- Soundtrack & Voice acting (Beautifull and engaging soundtrack creates state of urgency and pumps up the player or calms);Cons:- Batmobile (not from a design perspective but it is used too often in the game, is pretty straightforward, and sometimes makes the game repetitive);- Performance (even after 2 years this game sometimes feels unstable, so good GPU & CPU + a lot of RAM required);The story for me is a matter of preferance (I liked it). To sum up, if You want to play some action-adventure style based game or a Batman game I do recommend it (not a must buy, take it on sale with all the DLC, some of them are quite good and expand the story)."
76561198052717442,Recommended,208650,31515093,Posted: 2 May,all,elder,"no bugs, no glitches, not even single crash. It runs smooth with 60 fps on my PC. Main story is good, graphics is very good. Strongly recommend. You need 16 Gb of memory and decent card (I own 1060 6 gig)"
,Recommended,208650,24719037,"Posted: 4 August, 2016",all,Yangyin,"An absolutely amazing game, with gripping story, breathtaking visual and scale, and intuitive, fun and compelling gameplay. One of the best Batman pieces ever in my opinion."
76561198039974524,Recommended,208650,20834600,"Posted: 29 January, 2016",all,urbanachiever,"The game itself is amazing, just what I would expect from Rocksteady.Performance is highly variable even though I have decent hardware (i7@3GHz, GTX970M). I get 45-60 fps at 1080p, which is OK."
76561198018461903,Not Recommended,208650,18917245,"Posted: 6 November, 2015",all,Wayner,Water texture effects on batmobile and batman stil looks worse than the PS4 version of the game.  Don't even get me started on the performace issues.
76561198159596218,Recommended,208650,31424794,Posted: 28 April,all,supahfly®,Really good
76561198199223577,Recommended,208650,31455041,Posted: 29 April,all,Very Sunday,"Great game and good finale for the trilogy. Rocksteady definitely did fix those problems with the PC port but still could have optimised it a bit better, but it works."
,Recommended,208650,25556295,"Posted: 17 September, 2016",all,MinnerZzZ,Almost perfect if some boss fights are better. Very disappointed with Deathstroke and Arkham Knight.
,Recommended,208650,21224843,"Posted: 14 February, 2016",all,IBa4grama3,+ awesome story mission+ brutal scene+ good visual+ you can ride batman mobile+ hot harley quinn and hot cartwoman+ batgirl dlc+ get free all batman game  after wb fuxk up pc port- bad port- no batgirl single player or flash back mission =(
,Recommended,208650,28589457,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,Gokkul2247,Good gameOptimization is better now (end of 2016)Perfect end for the series
,Recommended,208650,31545617,Posted: 4 May,all,FakeZOr,Approved
76561198015087427,Not Recommended,208650,18231299,"Posted: 27 September, 2015",all,MangalPandey007,I still cannot acess my DLC content....... WB this is♥♥♥♥♥♥...... and take it in
,Not Recommended,208650,18409730,"Posted: 10 October, 2015",all,Maddog McGee (Z.X.U.),"There is nothing worse then a game you want to love and have to fight so hard to do so. The frame rate drops in this game are like my monitor is a view master. Loved the game play it makes you feel like batman. Very powerful and the stealth works well. The game has challnge but you feel confident you have the tools to overcome it. Just like batman should, even does in the game. I have always thought the series of games had a good balance of AI and difficulty. Gameplay was fun other then the required bonus feature ""Graphic options""."
76561198010308196,Not Recommended,208650,18354490,"Posted: 6 October, 2015",all,fathorse,"While it's cool being Batman, WB thinks we really wanted to have Gotham Racing: Riddler's Funtime Super Go-Go. They aren't fun, they're not even amusing. It's like driving down a highway of grandmothers blocking everything while someone rails all your faults at you from the passenger seat. They really missed the mark and made it ALL about the Batmobile, which means half the time you're doing some stupid racing challenge. What a disappointing way to end the series."
76561198121602527,Recommended,208650,32390417,Posted: 13 June,all,PreflightArc,"I think this is an insanely good game; after playing through the story almost for the second time it's an insanely satisfying and enjoyable title. Personally I think every Batman fan should play this. Granted, it does have its issues but generally you never notice them while being so caught up in the Story which is very strong in this."
,Recommended,208650,33222445,Posted: 4 July,all,Konamiya,10/10 would leave 1 thug on predator mode and make him had a heart attack because i like to startle him countless times before hes out from falling off the ledge
,Recommended,208650,26973300,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Dark Morrwi,"Although it had a rocky start, with it's glitched out release, somehow I was able to play perfectly from the beginning, thus without being tainted by it's port, I can honestly say that batman Arkham Knight is my favourite Arkham.Pros:Excellent graphicsgreat gameplayRiddler's campaign is way more entertainingScarecrow (Holy♥♥♥♥♥♥Scarecrow) (John Noble is amazing)Good ending (100% ending that is)good storydouble hero fightingConsTwists are predictabledlc is crapI would recommend it highly (If it's functioning properly, still works for me)if it's still broken for people, maybe on a console if you can, either way, if you like Arkham, play this"
76561198283091603,Recommended,208650,32838452,Posted: 26 June,all,It'sTriple,"Oh my how do i start this?This game is one of my favourite games i have ever played with one of the deepest and tragic storys that has come upon me so far.the gameplay is the same as the last 3 games which i adore about them, also new gadgets which are very helpful.the Seasons Pass/ Story DLC's are very well done and add a nice touch to an allready amazing game.i had no problem with crashing (Game didn't crash once) so im not really sure what everyones problem is with it.I loved the addition of the batmobile, it was fun to drive and also crazy with some of the car fight scenes.only problem i found with the game is the amount of riddler trophies to collect, dont get me wrong the Riddler is my favourite charecter in the DC universe but there was an abnormally large amount to collect and it takes forever.other than that the game was amazing."
76561198000570762,Not Recommended,208650,18135561,"Posted: 21 September, 2015",all,Jonnyth3boy,"Excellent game! A new take on Batman from the previous in the series, and adds enough content to make it feel like a new game. However, I cannot recommend this game, the patch has been in work  for three months now...three months, we have no dlc, we have no real fixes, and in essence we've been cheated out of our chance for the experience console users, who aren't even TRUE gamers, have been having the past three months. I have to say, as a lover of Batman, and as someone who has admired this studios work, I'm beyond disappointed and I won't be purchasing games anymore from Rocksteady as they clearly can't get their priorities in order."
,Recommended,208650,33234926,Posted: 4 July,all,Lycoris,"Out of ten, I'd give fifteen."
76561198154021551,Recommended,208650,33289753,Posted: 5 July,all,Inquisitor Ronan,Took out a room full of armed guards and then went home and played Arkham knight
76561198279496854,Recommended,208650,22437044,"Posted: 15 April, 2016",all,xaltotun8,"Exceeded my expectations! Gotham is huge both vertically and horizontally. Tall buildings and underground sewers, hidden Riddler's trophies and airships. The DLC with Harley Quinn was also great! I recommend everyone you won't regret buying this game."
,Recommended,208650,22465183,"Posted: 16 April, 2016",all,SANIC THE HADJIHOG,"After playing the other Arkham Games, I am pretty sure Arkham Knight is the best in the series. The story pulls you inside the game, but I think the side missions have more depth than any other missions you will find in the whole series. 13 hours in so far, and solving other crimes are eating my time. They are so much fun. The car controls are neat, but I wish there was a way to engage in battle while going full speed. The lock-on target missiles can be fun, but aren't enough.Also, Rock Steady, if you are reading this, can we please have a Batman game with civillians running around? Or at least some visuals in the apartments with civillians watching the city.Apart from sudden frame drops after finishing a mission, or leaving the map, the game play is solid. The game is a must have for every Batman fan.My current gaming system is: MSI GE72 2QE Apache and I am playing on High Graphics on 1366 x 768 screen resolution with FPS Usually on 50-60s, sometimes going up to 90 and drop to 1-3 in some instances I told you above."
76561198044141166,Recommended,208650,25073124,"Posted: 22 August, 2016",all,Man Of Tomorrow,"This is a game I had been looking forward to for years.When it finally came out,it was marred with its now infamous issues.Having given it a second shot,a year after release,I must say its my favorite in the Arkham series of games.From the excellent production values and superbly told story,it had me hooked all the way.Even the dumb batmobile bits were worth grinding through,just to see how it all played out.A must play for sure."
76561198154401287,Not Recommended,208650,25573919,"Posted: 18 September, 2016",all,Snapppa,Terrible pc port...
76561197981766656,Recommended,208650,24839581,"Posted: 12 August, 2016",all,oppossing,"Batman Arkham Knight review(Thai)จาก 1000 กว่าบาท เหลือ 500 จาก 500 เหลือ 200 กว่าๆ ก็น่าจะถึงเวลาสำหรับการซื้อเกมภาคจบของมหากาพย์แห่งตำนาน Arkham ซะทีผมชั่งใจอยู่นานว่าจะซื้อเกมนี้ดีไหม? จากคะแนนหลายๆสื่อที่บอกว่า ""ค่อนข้างห่วยแตก"" ต่อให้ไม่มีปัญหาเรื่องกราฟฟิกก็ตาม เมื่อมาเล่นแล้ว ก็รู้ว่าเป็นแบบนั้นจริงๆ สิ่งเดียวที่ทำให้ผมประทับใจในเกมนี้ก็คือ ""เนื้อเรื่อง"" เท่านั้นแหละ ผมจะแนะนำให้คุณซื้อเกมนี้ ก็ต่อเมื่อ....1.คุณคือแฟนของ Batman หรือ DC comics2.คุณไม่สนใจเรื่องการฟฟิกของเกม(ซื้อ Knight แต่ได้กราฟฟิก Arkham City ต่อให้ใช้เครื่องแรงก็ตาม)3.คุณชื่นชอบการขับรถชนอย่างเมามันส์  Batmobile นั้นโคตรเท่ห์มาก แต่ขอบอกไว้ก่อนนะ คุณจะได้ขับก็ต่อเมื่อมีภารกิจเท่านั้น เพราะขับไปได้สักพักคุณจะเบื่อ และกลับไปใช้ Glide เหมือนเดิม4.เนื้อเรื่องเจ๋งมาก ก็จริง แต่มันออกจะซ้ำๆไปหน่อย ตัวร้ายที่มีความสามารถทำให้เกิด ""ภาพหลอน"" แค่นั้นก็พอจะเดาจุดจบของเกมได้แล้วผมแนะนำให้ซื้อตอนลดราคาดีกว่าครับ และค่อยๆซื้อไปทีละตัวอย่าจัด premium edition ทีเดียว เก็บเอา DLC ที่คุณประทับใจไว้ดีกว่าครับ คุณไม่ได้ใช้มันทุกตัวหรอก แต่ถ้าอยากสะสมไว้ก็แล้วแต่เลยครับ"
76561198049417819,Recommended,208650,24680287,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,kiallio,"This is an excellent game. It makes you feel that you are the Bats. The combat system is interesting which involves action and strategy.  When you are dealing with armed enemies, you have to think how you are going to take them out if you don’t want to get shot.  This game also has really cool missions. You feel that villains have their unique characteristic. I like when resolving crimes looking into camera footage, finding fingerprints, hacking into systems and the “mini games” that you enjoy while progressing in the story. It feels so good being Bruce Wayne! I recommend it.http://images.akamai.steamusercontent.com/ugc/271725120247883452/1A9FAAF6A3CCF8DEA7683EC6CED958A51CF1220C/"
76561198006520913,Not Recommended,208650,16660006,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,thebigred71,This is a piece of♥♥♥♥♥
76561198101477254,Recommended,208650,29012399,Posted: 4 January,all,ssteve233,since it got fixed best damn batman imo
76561198220414340,Recommended,208650,24070199,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,Lightning,"Performance issues have been fixed for the most part, but I still get frame drops when driving quite often."
76561198352622178,Recommended,208650,33536093,Posted: 14 July,all,Brendon42,Best game i've ever played!
76561198107580232,Recommended,208650,28166896,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,Bungus,Thank ♥♥♥♥ they fixed it.
76561197972698076,Not Recommended,208650,16690217,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,lain1k,Nothing you haven't heard before. I exceed the recommended specs and played the game on pretty minimal setting. The first fight scene is unplayable.It really makes you wonder if they just decided to release it knowing it wasn't ready or they honestly didn't discover some pretty blatant issues. I don't see how they could have missed this.
,Recommended,208650,25580151,"Posted: 18 September, 2016",all,Paul Nixon,"Barkham Knight is one of the best pc ports ever, right after GTA IV.  The imersive stutters and crashes improve the experience tenfold10/Batman: Barkham Knight has stopped working"
76561198281920906,Recommended,208650,25894766,"Posted: 6 October, 2016",all,Nur Hidayat,"Batman arkham knight sebenarnya punya kans untuk menjadi epik,  side mission yg lumayan banyak,  gameplay yg interaktif,  grafis yg cukup memukau,  sayangnya kendala teknis seperti fps drop,  memory leak,  stuttering,  sangat mengurangi game experience.  Port yg buruk betul2 menutup potensi yg ada,  untungnya seiring waktu lewat fix game yg signifikan,  perlahan membuat game ini layak dinikmati"
76561198053441162,Recommended,208650,25895488,"Posted: 6 October, 2016",all,joshuasmandych,"My favorite game of the Batman series just perfected most everything from the earlier games. But would of liked less straight batmobile fights, they kinda got old by the end. Also I am kinda annoyed that I couldn't get the real ending unless I did of The Riddler's riddles, I ain't got no time for that. But decides those issues it's a fantasic addition to the series.P.S. I had no glitches or crashing like people experienced when it was first released."
,Recommended,208650,33343955,Posted: 7 July,all,Ξ Creepster Ξ,"Definitely my second favourite Batman: Arkham game of all. The side missions are the most varied of all the Arkham games. For when it comes to the main story this game is the most entertaining of all as the Joker follows you through nearly every action you do in the game, making jokes and screwing around.The gameplay style is different as the others as it combines combat by foot and with a batmobile. I personally don't mind this kind of change. I actually liked having a different kind of combat for a change once in a while.If you're buying an Batman: Arkham game for the first time: I recommend playing them by order if you're a fan of story games (order: Asylum, Origins, City, Knight). If you're looking for the best Arkham game ever, then buy Batman: Arkham City.I absolutely love this game, just like all the other Arkham games."
,Recommended,208650,28780935,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,eilrac8779,This game is working great and has great gameplay with story.
76561198298256905,Recommended,208650,24661112,"Posted: 1 August, 2016",all,Joker (trading st kara dopp),Oh ♥♥♥♥ yes!   2 hours into the game and I'm hooked!Played every other Arkham game and I can say that this will be a good ride... I can't wait to be the dark knight again and fly off buildings in my batman 1989 Keaton outfit...Pros:atmosphere(not as good as Arkham asylum)Graphicssilky smoothSexy 1440p maxed out makes me wanna♥♥♥♥♥Combat... OMG so goodBATMOBILEit can turn into a tankDid I mention it can turn into a tank?If not it can turn into a ♥♥♥♥ing tankIT CAN TURN INTO A TANKDID I MENTION IT CAN TURN INTO A ♥♥♥♥ING TANK!!'IT CAN TURN INTO A TANKcons:rough start but honestly now it's better so who gives a ♥♥♥♥Not as good as Arkham city but that's debatable...UPDATE: Ok so I just finished this game... And OMGGGGG!!!! WAS IT AMAZING!!!!!!!
76561198151194258,Recommended,208650,33888089,Posted: 29 July,all,White_Shark,"There are no words to describe this game. Simply awesome, the best Batman game there is. But, the game is badly optimized, lags a lot when driving the batmobile."
76561197977797728,Recommended,208650,33768152,Posted: 24 July,all,Mr. Hanky,"This is easily my favorite Arkham game, and, in my opinion, the best Batman game ever made. Now, before I get into what I like about the game, let me get into the negatives (because we all know that's why you're REALLY reading reviews in the first place).First, be dang sure your computor fits the recommended specs. As far as I can tell, anyone who doesn't AT LEAST fit the recommended specs (not minimum, recommended) has significant trouble running this game. This one issue accounts for the majority of negative reviews out there.Second, there are a lot of people who found the batmobile stuff tedious and stupid. I rather enjoyed it, personally. I think they maybe could have dialed back a couple of the tank battles, but with that being said, the batmobile stuff was well done and helped to add needed variety to a game that otherwise adds very little in terms of new types of game-play to the other games.The riddler challenges are more than ever... that can be a good thing or a bad thing depending on who you are. Even so, though there are more challenges than before, they are far less annoying than in Arkham City. For instance, in Arkham City there is a page or Riddler Challenges that seem more like achievements than anything else. Ex: glide for so far without using the grapnel boost. You must complete ALL of them in order to finish the Riddler. That is, thankfully, not the case in Arkham Knight.The positives:Graphics are AMAZING (which is probably why the requirements are so high)The story is very good, deeply moving, and makes you think (if you're paying any kind of attention). One of my all time favorite Batman stories, and I am a long time fan of the comics.As has been consistently the case with the other Arkham games, the game is very true to the characters, a rare commodity for DC heroes and villains in the media today.The gameplay is great. There's a lot of variety to it now, hard to get bored.There is a massive amount of stuff to be done in this game, so much so that it dwarfs the other Arkham games for its shear scope. For example, there are 18 most wanted quests, compared to 8 in Arkham City. For the most part, each one is very different in terms of gameplay and, in terms of story, are very engaging. Also, the main story is much longer and fleshed out than in previous games (no disrespect to you, Arkham City, you're still amazing, but now you can only ever be second best)."
76561198155723498,Recommended,208650,24028395,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,Shlipduk,"Requirement: Be a Batman Arkham Saga Fan. If not you may be annoyed for some situations.Best Arkham Saga game ever in my opinion. You play a mature Batman, he had trained some Robins before.I know the port to PC was a complete mess, but I will not blame the game just because some ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ people couldn't port it well. The game is good, it has a large story.Pros: Can use batmobile, gadgets, fly around, detective vision, big map.Dlc's are good but short. It has many easter eggs of DC Universe characters all over Gotham.Gameplay remains awesome as it have always been in previous Arkham games.Cons: They force you to use excesively the batmobile/tank and that isn´t cool.If you know about comics or you saw DC Animated films you will know excatly the story so it will not be any surpise.Some boss fights are annoying, and the riddler trophies are literally a ton of non necessary crap.Main history is decent but some villans are ridiculous.And the joker won ''The Oscar'' here, hahahaha!"
,Recommended,208650,33234878,Posted: 4 July,all,✪ JUICEMEISTER,Juicy fokking game
76561197992499672,Recommended,208650,24070477,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,HylianMetroid,"I'm using a 6 year old computer, my graphics card obviously out of date especially and I have to say, even on low graphic settings, this game looks amazing and runs really smoothy. Rocksteady clearly fixed the early on issues and helped PC gamers enjoy this game right. Really great story, fantastic action and by far the best sandbox style game I have ever played. If you like Batman stories and games, I see  no reason why not to enjoy this game!"
76561198122714341,Not Recommended,208650,16659938,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,Rekt,my specs are better then minimum and its unplayable..................
76561198125934198,Recommended,208650,21168101,"Posted: 12 February, 2016",all,Rotc1vro - Fibbles,"I can't stand seeing all these bad reviews for this AMAZING game! I have a ""o.k."" gaming laptop and i get around 20-40 frames! (even on all max (minus phyx -then it runs like crap -) Now people dont like the FPS lock in the game's setting but all you realy have to do is change that darn thing. You can look it up on youtube. Trust me. I have to give this game a 10/10 Jaw dropping and amazing gameplay, sad at times but uplifting! Spooky aswell... Now im going to explain why the game's rating is in fact M. There is torture (but like in every other Batman game) scenes and alot of deaths. Gun shots to the head, Batman getting shot by bullets (the regular weapon of choice for the enemies), people punching each other in a cafe, blood splaters on walls, dead corpses on the ground (sometimes with bullet holes in them), two-face (his face duh), and breaking peoples bones. Thats all i have to say about this game. So, if you own a poor gaming computer/laptop, I would say to wait on buying it. BUT if you see it on sale for an AMAZING price...get it and wait till you get a better pc/laptop!"
,Recommended,208650,29574975,Posted: 29 January,all,ReapNUSukas,"Bought cheap on black friday sale for PC! Knew of issues during launch, but game looks and plays aweaome now. Definitely recommend purchase especially since it is dirt cheap. If you didnt buy at launch like myself, now is a good time to add this great game to your library on the cheap."
,Recommended,208650,32414641,Posted: 14 June,all,Ominous,"Batman Arkham Knight is a fantastic ending to the Arkham trilogy. It really goes into the psyche of Batman and Bruce Wayne as you fight to protect Gotham from Scarecrow and the Arkham Knight. It starts off very strong and keeps getting better the longer you get into the game, but as you near the end it kinda fizzles out a bit. As much as I enjoyed this game the fact that you need to collect all riddler trophies to get the actual anding is very annoying (unless you love collecting those darn things).The combat system is once again the same as the other games with some additions to spice up enemy encounters. Also this time you got the Batmobile to help you out. It has a big role in the game as you use it to travel around Gotham and fight against mechanical drones and other criminals. There's also racetracks made by the riddler which you can partake in. The batmobile is used to not only fight drones but also solve puzzles to progress through the game. I found it a bit overused at times but overall enjoyed the addition. The boss fights were mediocre at best. It's either Batman one-shotting the bad guy or you have a segment where you fight against waves of enemy drones in the Batmobile.OVERALL RATING:Good, but could be better. If you enjoyed the other Arkham games, you'll enjoy this one.PROS:Great ending to the Arkham trilogyStoryFantastic soundtrackCombat systemBatmobileCONS:BatmobileDisappointing boss fightsTrue ending locked behind 200 riddler trophiesShort DLC missions"
,Recommended,208650,25632062,"Posted: 22 September, 2016",all,Maxsicarius,"Just throwing this positive review in to show any potential buyers that the game is now far better than the disaster we all saw it as at launch. My personal Batcomputer is equipped with an i5-4670k @ 4.2 ghz and a gtx 780. Using the recommended settings on geforce experience (which admittedly seem low, although the game does still look fantastic) I manage to stay above 60fps in all scenarios. If you're still on the fence about this game or just popping in to see if it's fixed yet, I really recommend trying the game out. The story is great and the gameplay is better than ever. I'm loving everything about this game.Except Riddler and his **** trophies. These things are the bane of my existence just like in every other batman game."
76561198025220964,Recommended,208650,33779601,Posted: 24 July,all,"Atticus, King of Clubs","Upping the ante to the maximum by solidifying the ""Arkhamverse"" with this satisfying and superior Batman experience.Just don't measure your level of ""oh WOW"" as the verdict for the game; it's objectively better than all of the rest for what it has to offer."
76561198080160967,Recommended,208650,28024938,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,GmSinick,"Roses are red,Violets are blue,I don't give a rat's♥♥♥♥♥what you say about this game,So you should play it too."
,Not Recommended,208650,16665151,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,SecretMischeif93,"Hopefully there's gonna be a fix for this soon, the specs I have should be able to run run at least the minimum requirements for this game. Guess that's what I get for getting way too excited for a console ported game :/"
,Recommended,208650,24750658,"Posted: 6 August, 2016",all,dazefaze,"So far Batman Arkham Knight seems amazing. Running buttery smooth with astonishing graphics. The graphical details and destructible environment are technically suburb and on par with next generation graphics playing on the PC. I think Batman causes more mayhem in Gotham City than the thugs trashing it. The awesome new Batmobile is a beast driving through the city. There is a certain rush watching concrete pillars crumble as you crash into them and wiping the streets clean with the Batmobile smart rocket launcher. The Batmobile is the smartest and fastest hybrid tank on wheels ever created or imagined, smashing everything that stands in its path. This game is super fun and does live up to its name. Cancel your weekend plans and play Batman Arkham Knight, it’s totally worth it."
,Not Recommended,208650,18966113,"Posted: 8 November, 2015",all,jakebasile,"I wish it wasn't so, but it's awful on PC. I've enjoyed all the other Arkham games (except maybe Origins), and I wanted to love this one but that's tough to do when you can't run it. I didn't even refund it when they took it off of Steam because I wanted to hold out hope that they'd fix it. They took all that time and almost nothing improved.I'll get it when it's on sale. Playing through the problems it has is not worth the price."
76561198061971315,Not Recommended,208650,16663404,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,CosmiC10R,What a mess.... and such a shame to end on such a low note for such a great seriesI preloaded and was able to launch into the menu... game locked up on the benchmark and i have yet to see an ingame screen yet 24 hours later because after the lock... ALL THE GAME FILES ARE DELETED.... I do the steam cache integrity check and its missing 4659 files and begins downloading all 36gbs again... over and overthis will be the 3rd time I have downloaded it and I have yet to play...Note to self... never outsource PC ports.... Rocksteady... thats for you....If this download does not work I will be getting a refund...TO ALL DEVELOPERS OF GAMES.... PC SHOULD BE THE OPUS OF YOUR GAME DEVELOPMENT... ITS THE SHOWCASE... STOP MAKING GAMES FOR CONSOLES AND PORTING... MAKE GAMES FOR PC AND PORT TO CONSOLES...THAT IS ALL....
76561197969639471,Not Recommended,208650,16655391,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,Naratlos,"In brief, do not buy this game just yet.The game is currently unplayable wth many users experiencing random and extreme framerate drops, even in cutscenes where one would not expect any huge stutters that might be caused by chunking or similar. This does not appear to be a hardware issue.In addition:-There is a framerate cap at 30fps-There is no way to disable Mouse Smoothing without editing an ini.-There is no way to disable motion blur without editing an ini.-There is no way to disable depth of field without (you guessed it) editing an ini."
,Not Recommended,208650,16655444,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,davyjack,Ony just put it on and i have to regedit to get it above 30fps and textures locked at medium lol no il have a refund right away. Rocksteady you want to be ashamed of yourself. I will not be buying anything from you again till its been confirmed thaat you've not gimped the game.
76561198005778422,Not Recommended,208650,16655467,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,peter,I can't in good conscience recommend anybody buying this game until they fix the various problems with it. I've officially wasted my money pre-ordering it.It's confusing that it seems like nobody actually fired the game up on a PC to test it before launch.
,Not Recommended,208650,16655709,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,Styles,GOD DAMN FIX YOUR GAME ROCKSTEADY
76561198089262135,Recommended,208650,28352370,"Posted: 13 December, 2016",all,Grillsen,great batman arkham game and runs very well on a gtx 970
76561198034358157,Recommended,208650,24659130,"Posted: 1 August, 2016",all,Laserfrog,"I liked the game but, Warner Bros. really didnt care about porting it to PC. a lot of people had broken games. I had no problems so I give it a thumbs up. But they did fix it"
,Recommended,208650,28613903,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,Spotpuff,"This game is awesome.  Bigger than the other games, with more characters and story.The pacing is a little rough; the side missions can interrupt the flow of the main game, and sometimes cannot be completed until certain parts of the story are progressed through.The combat is even deeper than previous games and minor annoyances like having to spend upgrade points on movement abilities have largely been eliminated (although in some cases have been replaced by batmobile upgrades).If you like the first 3 games you will like this one even more."
,Recommended,208650,20672749,"Posted: 21 January, 2016",all,Neuman,Bought the game when I had a decent PC with an aging video card and it was barely playable. Now with a video card upgrade its quickly becoming my new addiction.
76561198080111206,Recommended,208650,34105887,Posted: 8 August,all,Firefreeze,"[  This isn't a sequel to Arkham Origins, if you didn't already know that!  ]Liked this very much. Actually loved it. Perfect ending to the Arkham series. A few good surprises.Its the third instalment to the Arkham series, takes place right after the events of Arkham City. If you remember how it ended with the Joker in the movie theater....  I didn't think they could top that,(In terms of the storyline) but they did way way.. WAY better.I didn't play it when it was new, so I never had to experience all the issues and bugs and that...I understand people were frustrated by all that.But now that it's all fixed, I definitely recomend this game.Its more than just the outstanding gameplay for Batman fans,a Great Batman Story.9.7/10"
,Recommended,208650,28849698,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,bashscrazy,AMAZING! So amazing that I got all 113 achievements.(mostly just writing this review to help boost that undeserved 57% rating - should at 90% brah)
76561198056762735,Recommended,208650,29199315,Posted: 12 January,all,Roreken,"One of the Best Games I Have Ever Played.There might not be a whole lot on my steam library but I have played a lot of games and I mean a LOT of them.This game, Arkham Knight has everything, awesome gameplay, interesting characters, the storyline that'd get you the chills,Hell even wandering around Gotham in Batmobile's awesome I can do it four hours without getting bored!!!The problem many of you seem to have is pc port, but I really couldn't see any of this and I don't have a high end computer if that's what you're wondering.This game is a must get. I've played all arkham games and seriously this one tops all of them, this one tops all other games as a matter of fact."
,Not Recommended,208650,16655390,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,The Nuclear Walrus,"Don't really know what else I can add.  The game runs like garbage, despite the fact that my PC exceeds the posted system requirements."
76561198279772719,Recommended,208650,33973262,Posted: 2 August,all,outsidedock295,"Very good game, i recommended it to anyone who loves Batman. There are performence issuse however, might not be the same for you."
,Recommended,208650,23816694,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,[G.] ShifuDovah,"Been a long time since I write a review, the gameplay looks alright since WB has patched it. Definitely should give this a try.I'm Batman"
,Recommended,208650,33979268,Posted: 2 August,all,Volt,"A great game that was originally buried beneath a ton of technical issues.Arkham Knight is one of the best Batman games yet. You traverse across the largest Gotham City we've seen in a game with an incredible Batmobile. You encounter an array of villians and allies throughout the main story and side missions which should please the fans.GraphicsThe graphics still look beautiful two years later. The city looks like something out of the moives and while a little cartoonish by design, it looks fatastic with the Nvidia features turned on. However, turning off the Nvidia features with yeld better fps.PerformanceWhile this game origianlly suffered from technical issues that made it unplayable for most people on launch, most of the issue were fixed but a few were simply given up on, like fixing SLI/Crossfire. You may still run into fps drops but overall the game runs very well so long as you only have one graphics card.Pros- Great cast of villians/allies- Immersive Gotham City that is mostly open world- Beautifully rendered graphics- Large upgrade/skill tree systemCons- Release was a technical nightmare- Key bindings are limited- FPS drops are still present on high end machinesThoughts on Neg ReviewsI preordered this game and thought it was amazing when I played it excluding the technical issues. I waited six months for WB Games to fix SLI/Crossfire only to have the team give up and announce they were not going to suppot SLI/Crossfire after all. I waited another year before going back to the game which I never felt as excited for.  I can completely understand the negative reviews for a game that was released broken and never fixed to include the support it was advertised to include. Looking past that, it is one of the best Batman games released.ConclusionEven after a very rocky start rivaled only by AC Unity, this game is one of the best in the series and should be played by all fans."
,Not Recommended,208650,17282523,"Posted: 29 July, 2015",all,KICKASS,IDK why my game is so laggy
76561198044159166,Not Recommended,208650,25605769,"Posted: 20 September, 2016",all,Ilyashi,Still broken...
76561198007403437,Recommended,208650,28178660,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,wtfcopter,"The game is great, but the main question people have is are the bugs fixed? The answer to that appears to be YES.After playing it for 30 hours, I only encountered 1 bug that prevented me from progressing after a fight on a blimp. The bug was fixed after I restarted the area. A scene was supposed to play after the fight, but it didn't play. Once restarted, it played immediately and I continued. So, it was a non-issue. Overall, the game ran very smooth on max settings and I never crashed to my desktop once the entire play through.I highly recommend this game for anyone who held off getting it due to the bug problems it had after its original release. I've played all the batman games in the series, and this one is by far the best of the Arkham series."
76561198380109446,Recommended,208650,34204018,Posted: 12 August,all,RegionsRules,"im just buy the game in the latest sales,when i downloaded the game,go ingame start a new game and guess what!-it work perfectly without any of the error that everybody is complaining about in the reviews-the performence is not as bad as they alway say about the game 2y ago,but some times there is still some bad ingame performence problem on my gtx 1060 but definitely still playable and enjoyable-graphic is amazing ofcourse,good gameplay,good story,it is sure one of the best batman game out there,i had played this game on ps4 but didnt finished it yet,great game,LOVE IT!!Absolutely recommended for any batman fans and actions rpgs fans"
76561198068803333,Recommended,208650,34208734,Posted: 13 August,all,Dissonance,"It's a sad moment when you realize that this is the final installment of the Arkham series. But it's one helluva' send-off though. Definitely worth it: every part of the game is engaging, even the task of hunting down Nigma's neurotic ""riddles"" and trophies. Not to mention that they finally made Scarecrow into a real threat and finally gave him a depiction befitting the title ""super-villain"". And, assuming anyone cares to keep spoliers out of a review for a game that came out a decent time ago, the Arkham Knight's identity brings in one of the best characters of the Batman-DC universe."
76561198141140869,Recommended,208650,34209095,Posted: 13 August,all,Bearchan,"This is good, very good series of games if ever give them a try. This would be the weak of the three, asylum would have been the best for loved that game. For this game it was good, just felt too much time in the car not enough out spreading your wings gliding around the place. would still recommend the game was great, always loved the fight in it, all the combo's etc. give it a go. enjoy and worth the money."
,Recommended,208650,32746327,Posted: 24 June,all,lizardpeter,"This game is amazing. As someone who remembers buying the original Batman Arkham Asylum for the PS3 and being shocked by the amazing story, gameplay, and graphics, I'm very happy that the series is still so strong and delivering such a great experience. I don't think the story surpasses Batman Arkham Asylum and City since those were masterpieces, but in terms of gameplay I think this one has the best mechanics and the addition of a more open world and the batmobile to compliment it allows for a much larger playable area. I played through it on the Xbox One and decided to get it on PC to play at a high FPS and resolution and the game looks amazing. It seems they have ironed out all of the issues with its original release and the game appears to be very well optimized. With my i7 6700k and a GTX 1080 I hit the framerate cap of 90fps at 1440p with ultra settings almost all of the time. Purchase this along with the other Batman Arkham games because the stories should not be missed!"
,Recommended,208650,24736545,"Posted: 5 August, 2016",all,outsideredge,"I purchased the premium edition at the Steam Summer Sale.  If you've played Arkham City, you know what to expect.  A gorgeous wide open world just begging to be explored and simple and fluid combat that is as fun as ever.  The plot is good, and has some shocking twists although I'm not a big fan of the Arkham Knight's reveal.    I love that the side missions use some of the lesser known rogues from the older comics like Simon Stagg and Pyg to go with the more well known Penguin and Two-Face.   The Batmobile takes a lot of getting used to.  The vehicle combat is great.  I love blowing up tanks and chasing armored cars.  I'm not a fan though of the traversal sections where you have to carefully navigate jumps and tiptoe the vehicle.  Overall, the Batmobile sections make me appreciate how much fun gliding over Gotham really is.But here's the thing for most people.  How stable is it?   It crashed for me several times.  Sometimes back to the desktop, sometimes to red screens of death.   I am running an i7 860 with 8GB of RAM with a Sapphire 380X OC.  I've read this mainly affects some AMD cards.  So depending on your setup your mileage may vary.  Just know that for me, it was not a smooth experience to make it to 100% completion.  Like I said, I got this on sale.    There's a great game in there if you can avoid or forgive the massive technical issues."
,Recommended,208650,29756376,Posted: 6 February,all,Futurama Ryuzuki,"Thank you for your hard work!I Love this game very much and still playing ""it"".Work perfectly well until now. [Q9650+GTX 660+8GB RAM]""Origins"" is my last sin to pay :3"
76561198070616370,Recommended,208650,34313837,Posted: 17 August,all,bogs buny,100 minutes in this game i finished other arkham games and this one looks like it will be the best
76561197977834731,Not Recommended,208650,16653205,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,i.am.jerking.off.right.now,"Not much for me to say about the technical issues that hasn't already been said in the other thousands of reviews. I was looking forward to playing this game, as Arkham Asylum/City were near-perfect. I saw the internet's explosion over this game's supposed issues this morning, and figured the situation was being taken out of proportion. I'm completely blown away; it's actually as bad as they've been saying.How is it even possible that a game can be released in the state that Arkham Knight is presently in? It should be expected from a publisher/studio with such a massive AAA budget (and the loyalty of millions of fans that they've earned through releasing incredible products in the past) to take the effort to release a game in a working condition. As far as I'm concerned, this game is broken. Why not delay the game until it actually works? I'd take a game delayed by a few months over a broken product any day.I'll be requesting a refund, and will repurchase this game if/when the issues are fixed."
,Recommended,208650,34544161,Posted: 27 August,all,TAJack,"Ahh, the arkham series. So many fond memories.WB and Rocksteady did absolutely phenomenal when it came to Batman, the movement felt great, the combat did more to me than Viagra ever would and the story/missions were really fun to play through.I had some trouble with some of the counters that require you press two keys at the same time, for example, for a ""special takedown"" it would require you press ALT + 1 at the same time.. that's pretty stressful when you've got 20 people surrounding you. Other than that, no issues with combat. I could've just remapped it.That being said, this specific entry was the biggest mess imaginable on release, but RS have outdone themselves when it comes to patching it. It's almost flawless (just some stuttering amd textures loading in slower than some). The current state that it's in is worth the buy, many hours of fun to have here!+ Combat+ Story+ Characters+ Graphics+ Movement+ Driving feels incredible+ Destruction+ You're Batman for ♥♥♥♥s sake- Some frame-rate issues (doesn't help that it's constantly raining)- Some texture loading delay (not much though)- I had some desync in speech to animation but only someWorth the buy, and the DLCs are pretty nice to have also. I got it all for $17 on sale.*Reviewed with a GTX970 and a i7 6700k*"
76561198276915208,Recommended,208650,30874191,Posted: 1 April,all,chrizz,My favourite game of all time.
76561198089701560,Not Recommended,208650,16654222,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,captainplanetsaves,HOLY FRAMRATE BATMAN
,Not Recommended,208650,16654219,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,Bukku,"For now, until a fix. I can't recommend this game to anyone with a AMD card, I'm using the 295x2 and I can't even get a steady 30 fps. It drops soo dramatically it makes playing the game an absolute nightmare.I've noticed that people who have Nvidia cards, after changing the Max fps in the binary files get a smooth experience thoughout.Wtf happened Rocksteady!? Sort it out NOW!!!If you're going to buy this game I suggest you wait until they announce a Patch that actually fixes this game, and a Price Drop if you're on a budget.Seems like a good game, but the whole optimization is Sloppy."
,Recommended,208650,22026249,"Posted: 24 March, 2016",all,DragonSpiritless,"I decided to wait to get this, because of all the issues people were having.  I'm glad I did, and I'm glad I got it.  Very well made and I haven't had any issues at all so far. They did a great job fixing the issues they were having.  Sure, they should have had a better release, but it's good that they were dedicated enough to fix the problems."
76561197978406355,Recommended,208650,24942326,"Posted: 15 August, 2016",all,Beeper,"Best Batman yet, and best game ever! Expect to be awestruck, and unable to put it down. Get it if your machine can run it!"
76561197989880586,Recommended,208650,28338138,"Posted: 12 December, 2016",all,Razeth,"Several hours into the game and I freaking LOVE it. Smooth gameplay, stunning graphics, and a dark, gritty story line.Pros:- Combat style is the same as the other arkham games. Very fluid and a LOT of fun to get creative with. Stealth remains key and analyzing a situation before acting is even more critical than the previous games. Sometimes, downed enemies don't STAY downed.- Gadgets are pretty cool! They all have combat uses too!- The ""Leveling"" system is intuitive.- The graphics are stunning. You can see raindrops hitting batman's cape and cowl and then they run down the fabric! If you have a decent NVidia graphics card (GTX 970 or better), there are some awesome additional effects.- Gotham looks awesome from the sky as well as from the streets. You'll see lots of nifty easter eggs around the city (a small storefront called Zatanna!)- The Batmobile. Enough said.- Cool skins!- Voice acting is amazing as always!Cons:Some of the villains feel like a cameo appearance rather than a real threat.Gotham feels a bit small. There's lots of exploration above and below the streets, but the city itself feels pretty compact.Thoughts (no spoilers):The story is dark and gritty. They do a great job of explaining why Batman isn't so adverse to using guns anymore. Most of the villains feel decently menacing. The combat can be challenging and puzzles are well thought out.You need a beefy PC to run this game. I cannot stress that enough. If you have a Dell you got from grandma and threw a GTX 760 in it, you're gonna have a bad time. Take the time to custom build a rig with quality parts before picking up this title.My specs are:i7 4790k OC'd16GB DDR3 2880GTX 970Plays at 60FPS with 2 of 4 of the Nvidia custom settings running."
,Recommended,208650,28439429,"Posted: 17 December, 2016",all,Ezrah,"Although having a rocky release, Arkham Knight makes this the full price for the game worth it. From stream line fighting, to exploring Gotham's skyline, to crushing drone with a satisfying crunch, this game makes each scene a wonder to behold."
76561198121874416,Recommended,208650,28442499,"Posted: 18 December, 2016",all,a_daol,I have played every single arkham game and this is by far the best one! I wish they would make another one because I always enjoy this franchise!If you played the previous ones then you must closure with this beautiful game!
,Recommended,208650,28291250,"Posted: 10 December, 2016",all,Ikito97,best game ever but the riddler's trophy is a hell
76561198036503892,Recommended,208650,28430656,"Posted: 17 December, 2016",all,casillas85,Very good game.I love it.
,Recommended,208650,28282317,"Posted: 9 December, 2016",all,Shells,Despite a few drops in frame rate it has been fixed for the most part. Enjoyable to play and beat up the mentally ill.
76561197969340607,Not Recommended,208650,16666638,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,MolehitProject,I played for 20 minutes and it was fine until I got to the Batmobile. Then it dropped to about 5 FPS. Pretty embarrassing.Don't buy this game until they fix it.
,Not Recommended,208650,16685343,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,Er no med da,"One of the worst ports I`ve ever experienced,......"
76561198045792550,Recommended,208650,28408651,"Posted: 16 December, 2016",all,Mahatma_Gru,"A great game if you have the system for it. The story is quite good and is a splendid finale to the Arkham series. Depedning on what your gameplay preferences are, you will either love or hate the bits with the Batmobile (?Bat-Tank?). I liked it at first, but it can get cumbersome aftera while. It does, however, expand on the 'be the Batman' DNA the series is striving for.About the performance on systems -- I think there are still some minor issues and having pre-ordered the game left a bad taste in my mouth. Still, I'm happy they stuck with it and fixed the game later on.I recommend the game reluctantly; for the reason, that the mechanics in the game are solid, the story has good structure and there is an actual push to get 100% completion of the game. The Riddler's riddles didn't feel cumbersome and did make me think on occasion.Play the game if you've played the earlier games in the series. If not, I'd give it a pass."
76561198053852739,Recommended,208650,28409792,"Posted: 16 December, 2016",all,Unicorn,I love this game
76561198176425649,Recommended,208650,29281760,Posted: 15 January,all,Kiwikrijger,Super cool game
76561198106405657,Recommended,208650,27057445,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,WalkRH,"First and foremost, let me address the game's performance issues.A majority of bugs and issues have been fixed but you need use the Batman MASTER fixesin order to get the game to run perfectly.https://steamcommunity.com/app/208650/discussions/0/405691491106183904/After using those, everything ran swimmingly.Other than that, this game is the 2nd best batman game out there (first being Arkham City).The combat was fast and fluid , however the story was way too predictable for my taste(if you know anything at all about Batman)In conclusion, if you are a fan of the franchise, you will overlook many of game's flawssimply because you'll be having too much fun being the Batman.BUY the game. You won't regret it!"
76561198085052336,Recommended,208650,22215484,"Posted: 3 April, 2016",all,Artorias,If you can get past the technical issues (I didn't experience any on my GTX970) the game is actually really fun.
76561198062197146,Recommended,208650,22219312,"Posted: 3 April, 2016",all,Shunnie23,"Only started it up to see if it would run ok. Was very surprised! l thought the game would run aweful but actually played very well. Still no excuse to release bad ports from day one but installing it one year later and getting it on steam sale actually made it all worth while. I highly recommend it but only if you have a good rig to play it. The only other way to play this is on a console and if you are like me a prefered PC gamer, you could do allot worse. Plus it's Batman!"
76561197979797386,Recommended,208650,22295238,"Posted: 7 April, 2016",all,rpeterson,"Almost didn't buy this because of the mixed reviews, glad I did. Reviewers are a bit harsh. Yes, it's evolutionary, not revolutionary. But that's what I was looking for. It's Arkham City/Origins, just more. Lots of reviewers mentioned poor graphics speed, but I've had no problems. Granted I have a really good card, GTX980. I can run it at 2560x1600 on Ultra. Guessing the graphics have finally been optimized.  Even at more typical resolutions (1080) it still looks stunning, you won't be disappointed.  I still find myself standing around in the game just looking at stuff and marvelling at the detail.Voice acting is very good, voice animations are awkward looking. Flight mechanics are much improved from Origins, they are almost too good as flying is no longer a challenge. If you're older than a teenager, you will probably never learn all the special combat moves. I swear they doubled the number of combat moves since Origins, and I couldn't even remember those. Fortunately, you don't need to. Attack, parry, dodge and combo finisher are about all you need (at least so far into my playthrough).New big thing is the Batmobile. I suppose it's nice to have a new mechanic, but it doesn't add much. It's not needed for transportation, flying/grappling is faster and easier. It's only needed because they added content which requires it. Still, it's ok. Not a deal killer.Lots of side quests, which I like.  A good game to get lost in for a while. If you liked City/Origins, you'll probably like this. If you didn't, then don't bother. It's the same game, just more bigger and gooder."
,Recommended,208650,22223014,"Posted: 3 April, 2016",all,Thranduil,"Everything about this game is good, Except the fact it crashes every time i have to load a new area. I'm currently trapped in the GCPS lockup and it crashes everytime i try to load the second area of the Stagg airship after the multi joker fight.Other than crashing every five seconds, It's a pretty solid game."
,Recommended,208650,22290585,"Posted: 7 April, 2016",all,Gensam,"This game had a rough launch that cast a dark shadow over the content. While I still ran into a few crashes, the game looks and runs great otherwise now. Having played the entire series of these games, this one may be the best. Arkham Asylum is still near and dear to my heart, but this game has a much better story. The ending is very satisfying and there are many moments that stand out. Watching the Batmobile pull up before you ride off to deliver some justice never gets old.On that note, there are a lot of Batmobile puzzles/fights/content. Personally I enjoyed them a lot but have heard that it is a problem for some. But how can you ride around in the batmobile too much? Is that a thing?"
,Recommended,208650,24780991,"Posted: 8 August, 2016",all,SBae,"The story is captivating. The addition of batmobile is really nice. However, the game developers make batman too dependent on it. It should not the main emphasis of the game. Dectective mode is fantastic and engaging. The combat system is a lot more smooth. You dont have to pause and take down an enemy during the middle of the fight like previous games. Tag-team is also a very nice and interesting feature, where batman and robin or nightwing team up during the fight. This should happen a bit more since it really freshens up the game. Overall, the game is worth spending.However, Batman Arkham Knight has to fix its fps drop when driving the batman mobile. This bug has not been fixed even in the premium version. It would have been amazing if that were to be fixed.4.5/5 stars :))"
76561198146157035,Recommended,208650,22211759,"Posted: 2 April, 2016",all,nerfherder,The game itself is FANTASTIC! All the negative reviews have to do with crappy ports and WB sucks blah blah discontentment. But now it runs fine. Frames are solid (I have a GTX 970) and graphics are great. Im able to max it out and it looks far better on pc than console. I know cuz I tried it on PS4. I'd give this game a 9/10. That last point gets taken off because the batmobile although great and everything we wanted is shoehorned into way too many things. He may as well be called Batmobile-man. And the other thing is MINOR SPOILER.....................................the deathstroke final battle sucked. WB made references to Batman: Arkham Origins where we fought an incridibly cool fight with Slade. And they tease you this time around making you think theres going to be this epic rematch. And there is...............................................in TANKS. ..................................again. Again only 2 things i dislike out of the MANY INCREDIBLE aspects of this game.Fighting 10/10Story 10/10Puzzles 10/10Graphics 10/10Acting 10/10Batmobile 8/10
76561198003628657,Recommended,208650,22336057,"Posted: 10 April, 2016",all,Trof,"In my opinion it is a fantastic game and a worthy conclusion to the great Arkham Series. Even more combat moves than before, great story, fantastic voice acting, Joker! Hehe!I did not have any troubles with performance, the game runs smoothly with 60-120 fps on my GTX770 and looks fantastic! Black cape in the rain is 10/10!I regret, that the game seems to be poorly optimized for some systems. This totally ruined the reputation of an otherwise great game.If you liked Arkham City - you must give this title a try!"
76561197964895520,Not Recommended,208650,16707708,"Posted: 25 June, 2015",all,Styx,Fix soon :)
76561198032623031,Not Recommended,208650,16707803,"Posted: 25 June, 2015",all,Rocket Man,"Fantastic game - best one yet in the series.Too bad it has been horribly optimised. I'm running an i5-3570 processor with a gtx 970 and easily meet the minimum specs.Game capped at 30fps, drops repeatedly to 15ish or even lower when I am flying through the city or in the batmobile.It's such a shame this beautiful game has been wrecked by a small amateur team of developers hired externally that are too incompetent to know how to port to PC properly. No doubt WB made this decision in an attempt to save money, but it's biting them in the♥♥♥♥♥right now thanks to Steam refunds and word of mouth, and rightly so."
76561197993220755,Not Recommended,208650,16700988,"Posted: 25 June, 2015",all,Stony,Stay away from this until it get fixed
,Recommended,208650,24394232,"Posted: 18 July, 2016",all,STAYDEAD,"arkham knight tops on every level whether it is graphics,gameplay or story but it is missing some of the top noch thinks that what make arkham games soo special.. the boss battles ,that to be said ,i really loved batmobile dont know why people are annoyed with it but i enjoyed it..and game breaking bugs is pretty fixed."
,Recommended,208650,24419787,"Posted: 19 July, 2016",all,Bastulos,"For me this is the definitive Batman experience.  The story is awesome.  The characters are compelling.  You get to fight all your favorite Batman villains.  If you've played the previous games, the gameplay will be very familiar with the exception of the awesome Batmobile you get to drive around (it borders on compensating for something with how decked out it is but it's a blast to use).From a performance standpoint...when I initally bought this I could not run it with my GTX 760, 8GB RAM, and i7-2600.  I realize they were dated specs, but I was hoping for something more than a stuttering 20 FPS when everything is on low.  I have since upgraded to a GTX 1070, 16GB RAM, and i5-6500 and the game runs great 90% of the time with everything maxed out.  I find myself dipping to 40 FPS at times for brief moments for no apparent reason and I have to chalk it up to bad optimization.The game is beautiful, but if you have a weaker rig, you might want to consider whether you'll be able to play it at a level you deem acceptable.  I really have nothing but good things to say about the game though.  I 100%'d the story plus all the expansion campaign stuff, then did all the Arkham Episodes content as well.  The game is just fun and in my opinion is now largely fixed from its disasterous launch."
76561198123412421,Recommended,208650,24471370,"Posted: 22 July, 2016",all,BloodRavenRay,Arkham Knight runs perfectly on my alienware. Extremely smooth on high settings. Its truly a masterpiece and a must have for all arkham and batman fans.Yes PC version sucked but now it is fixed and it is perfect!!!Btw damn you riddler for making me stuck at 99% percent forever. You can rot underground beneath that orphanage with your robot mech.Epic conclusion to batman series. Roaming Gotham with Batmobile and Blowing the♥♥♥♥♥♥outta badguys never feel SO GOOD 10/10(FEAR MULTITAKEDOWN IS ADDICTIVE)
76561197967363376,Recommended,208650,22199289,"Posted: 2 April, 2016",all,Frog,"i dont have much to say.  the game is great, it acts a true continuation from arkham city as things you need to learn {with levels} already here but new things can be learnt in this one. for those who played arkham city, it feels as batman just gotten stronger.the game has been fixed, now the only frame problems are coming from the hardware.this game is REALLY heavy. you will need alot of memory RAM and a great video card to run this game well.but on the plus side, the visuals are amazing if you have the right stuff.on release this game had crashes and framerate problems.  now IT IS FIXED.  if you do have bad framerate- reduce the graphocs on the menu.all i have left to say is:good luck and half fun playing the great game ""Batman: Arkham Knight""!"
,Recommended,208650,23512793,"Posted: 11 June, 2016",all,Ghosty1705,Its okay
,Recommended,208650,25804877,"Posted: 1 October, 2016",all,Anix,"Pro:Great story, though Batman's kind of an ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥.Gameplay is awsome overall. I even liked the batmobile combat.Graphics on point.Performance was great for me (while running).Con:Crashed about 10 minutes into every game session. After restarting I could play for a few hours until it crashed again. Annoying, but I didn't really mind until the last side mission, where it crashed time and time again before I even had a chance to finish it. All I wanted to do was finish the damn mission and finally uninstall the game, but it simply would not let me. Eventually I found a temporary fix and managed to get it done. (Apparently this was a common issue on R9 380.)DLC:I guess it's worth $10 if you can get the season pass on sale."
,Recommended,208650,22335834,"Posted: 10 April, 2016",all,Cornelix,"It's a shame the game was so broken at launch, because now that it actually works I can say that this is the best one in the entire series. Not sure what to think about the ambiguous ending, but pretty much everything was fantastic about the game itself. The biggest flaw, as with the rest of the series, is the riddler trophies. The riddles themselves are pretty fun but the trophies seem to serve no other purpose than to add a handfull of dull hours to the game. I would rather have 100 clever riddles spread out across the map instead of 240+ dumb question marks all over the place. All in all; fantastic game. It really reinvigorated my childhood-like love for Batman, even more so than the previous Arkham installments."
,Recommended,208650,22213015,"Posted: 3 April, 2016",all,Oak SK135,I don't know about you but the game works great with a few drop with extreme effects. Really recommend GTX970.
76561198131695406,Recommended,208650,22285481,"Posted: 7 April, 2016",all,davejoyce8732,there was so much buzz about this game and how so many were unable to play on pc. I must admit i have the game already for xbox one but i decided to buy it for my pc anyway even though so many werent able to play. I can honeslty say i really havent had a problem with it a little bit of fps drops but i think thats because of poor optimization. The story and gameplay are both great in this game as usaul really fun combat and the batmobile is awesome loved how they incorporate it into the riddler challenges.Im so sorry for those who were unable to play but i still must reccomend the game even if there is a slight chance your able to play its worth I think.
76561197970695064,Recommended,208650,24478049,"Posted: 23 July, 2016",all,Slimey,"I've played all of the batman series to date, and this is up there wiht the best. I still rate Asylum as the top game, mainly because with what tech they had available at the time, they maxed the potential and performance, whereas the rest have been more of the same and occasionally better. The gameplay is largely unchanged since Asylum, so there's not much to say there. Graphics are better but that's expected. I'd say this is now probably #2 in teh series, with Origins 4th. Why is it better than City? Size for one and the batmobile. I know there are those that say it relies heavily on teh batmobile, but it still comes down to hat you do with Batman the character, aprticularly in fist fights. I'd like to have seen another gadget or two rather than simply re-hashing the old ones, and the logic of once again earning gadgets he'd alreaedy used in past games is a bit daft - all it does is stretch out some of the gameplay because you have to revisit puzzles and quest arcs after achieving the level to gain teh gadget back. And the idea of waltzing into the GCPD to get the (spoiler avoided) gun is just plain daft.All in all though it doesn;t move massively away from the heart of the series and now its patched up to the hilt, it runs very well on even a 2 yo PC. Thumbs up.PS kudos to the developers for fixing the game. PC history is littered with abandoned games that never came out right after developers gave up the ghost. Speaks to pride in their work that they didn;t want to leave a mess behind as a legacy."
,Recommended,208650,24781004,"Posted: 8 August, 2016",all,big pube,game looks great and runs ok now.a lot of value for the season pass
76561198103461014,Recommended,208650,24789448,"Posted: 9 August, 2016",all,interstellar42,"I got this game when it went on sale for basically 75% off. Played this game to death. It's probably one of the best looking game ever, all the way up there with The Witcher III. Gameplay was wonderful, Loved the story, loved the batmobile-tank, loved the fighting, loved the feeling when you finally solved all the riddles (ign guide helped MASSIVELY) and get to throw Nigma into the cell, that pretentious fool. I also found the unlocked recordings absolutely stunning, not just because it provides additional insight into the characters, but also because the voice actors gave a hell of a performance. Top notch production value.I love this game. Would probably give the NewGame+ a run..."
,Recommended,208650,24790343,"Posted: 9 August, 2016",all,Spoof and a Goof,"Buys Harley Quinn DLC, sees the cleavage, gets TRIGGERED.11/10 ign would trigger again"
,Recommended,208650,24795695,"Posted: 9 August, 2016",all,Yamitus,"Pros:-You're Batman-You're Batman-You're Batman-You can drive Batmobile-You can beat people up-You are BatmanCons:-Slight overuse of BatmobileGot this game for 10€, worth it. Maybe not worth 60€ but absolutely at least 30€. Also, no lag spikes with R9 380 and FX-8350."
,Recommended,208650,24795720,"Posted: 9 August, 2016",all,Kakashi Hatake,Inmersive story and incredible gameplay!
76561198292490042,Recommended,208650,25761026,"Posted: 28 September, 2016",all,kidding,so good
76561198017126851,Recommended,208650,25773384,"Posted: 29 September, 2016",all,Fuzums,One of the best single player campaigns I have played.
76561198075679791,Recommended,208650,25775540,"Posted: 29 September, 2016",all,Igor Veloso,"Game is good to go, play it with no concerns, seriously! ♥♥♥♥ing amazing."
76561198175323451,Recommended,208650,25776519,"Posted: 29 September, 2016",all,elder_tyrant,This game is an excellet conclusion to the series. Highly recommended if you are a fan
76561198017887631,Recommended,208650,25784603,"Posted: 30 September, 2016",all,BlackWall,"When I first heard the bugs and so on I had doubts. But, I can assure you that there is no more bugs.Moreover it is a very good game in all aspects (story, gameplay, graphics).Buy it."
76561198141332572,Recommended,208650,25791532,"Posted: 30 September, 2016",all,intronaut,"Works perfectly for me so far. Playing at 1440p with consistent 60 FPS on a GTX 980; with V-Sync off, I get a range of 60 to 90 FPS or so, though the resulting screen tearing isn't quite worth it. Point being, the innumerable technical issues this port once had seem to have been entirely fixed. YMMV of course.The game itself seems pretty good three hours into it, though I'm not a big fan of lugging the Batmobile around with me to progress further into new areas. It's also the same-old-same-old freeflow combat system, and while that looks nice and all, it isn't especially involving on the player's part."
76561198261942570,Recommended,208650,25792473,"Posted: 30 September, 2016",all,Garrett,"It is Dark, Brutal, and Awesome.The perfect recipe for a batman game. Play this for an unforgettable experience. Stable FPS on highest settings."
76561198141689933,Recommended,208650,25858821,"Posted: 4 October, 2016",all,TheBoraxKid,"This is another game that has been hit by idiots who can't see a good game when they find one. I am only writing this to tell you guys that most of the bad reviews don't make sense and are written by people with bad PC's that can't play anything, It is an incredibly well made gam.e, with amazing graphics, a well designed story, and briliant combat mechanics. If you want to find out how the game is, don't bother with the reviews just look at some gameplay on youtube."
76561197996111849,Recommended,208650,25863816,"Posted: 4 October, 2016",all,pcyen1313,"Just reached 95% completion, and I have not encountered any technical issues that many people have described.The game is very fun to play, and the addition of Batmobile brings good variety to the gameplay, although using it to complete Riddler's challenges can be quite difficult."
76561198099269625,Recommended,208650,25865640,"Posted: 5 October, 2016",all,Defiant Mercy,"Game runs great now. I had a blast playing it and encountered no technical issues while playing.The batmobile is fun but definitely overused as many reviews already point out. After using it so many times I would actually glide to my destinations even if they were 1500+ meters away from my current location.The combat is still incredibly fun and you get a lot of options when it comes to gadgets and combos to use with them.The story is also pretty good though sometimes it gets a little annoying. You will constantly hear something along the lines of ""You will fail!"" or ""You are going to fail!"" even though you've been winning nonstop.I give the game a strong 8/8.5 out of 10."
,Recommended,208650,24452284,"Posted: 21 July, 2016",all,Duwick,-The game is average and lacking-BATWING?!-Annoying Riddler-Few Tanks+New combat features+Batmobile+Great Graphics (FIXED)7/10 AverageBuy it on sale with all the DLCs
76561197972858733,Recommended,208650,25769599,"Posted: 29 September, 2016",all,KeepIt,"I really enjoyed the Batman games and this one is also pretty good, but the nearly endless Batmobile fights are pretty annoying."
76561198086497992,Recommended,208650,25771929,"Posted: 29 September, 2016",all,Beunhaas,"Wonderfull story, best story game I have played in a long time"
,Recommended,208650,25859754,"Posted: 4 October, 2016",all,Brotherman Bill,"The game is definitely worth buying now and it runs well for me at least, although there are the occasional framerate drops. Even though the story is not up to par with the previous Arkham games it was still a hell of a lot of fun to play. 8.5/10"
,Recommended,208650,24412715,"Posted: 19 July, 2016",all,Ciper,"If you are a Fan of the Arkham series and have a top end GPU such as the 980, let nothing stop you from buying this right now. All most all performance issues are gone and the price is cheap.Do note, i played this with everything maxed out except for the smoke effects (on a Full HD screen)"
,Recommended,208650,24790570,"Posted: 9 August, 2016",all,EJirachi trade.tf,"Fun game, still has WAYS to go before its actually stable, 14€ was worth it thoONLY RECOMMENDING THIS GAME IF YOU HAVE A BEEFY PC"
,Recommended,208650,25812067,"Posted: 1 October, 2016",all,EzioAs,"Great game. I definitely didn't encounter any bugs that were more apparent in Arkham City and Arkham Origins. Story is good. Gameplay wise, it's pretty good but I don't like how most fights need to use the Batmobile. Oh, and I think the graphics and performance is pretty good too. I won't say don't trust most reviewers but if you have anything equivalent or better than a Core i5-3570, 16 GB RAM and GTX 660, I think you can set most graphics settings to medium-high and have a great time."
,Recommended,208650,25818958,"Posted: 2 October, 2016",all,NoCow,"Best game in the series, ♥♥♥♥♥♥ port though, game textures look like its been upscaling from 720p lol."
76561198063463565,Recommended,208650,25820997,"Posted: 2 October, 2016",all,luis_torres,Iwould like to play the game but an error directx not right for this title
,Recommended,208650,25831713,"Posted: 2 October, 2016",all,sKeetXXXIX,A fantastic conclusion to the superb trilogy of the Arkham games. Highly recommend.
,Recommended,208650,25847534,"Posted: 3 October, 2016",all,xXNoScopeYoloSwag420Xx,"First off, I got the game for $10 during the WB sale (also nabbed Shadow of Mordor for $7.50-- not a bad haul.)While I'm not sure I would have paid launch price for the title, I sure as heck got ten dollars of play from it, and I plan to put more hours in.The story is weaker than the other Arkham games, but it rolled out enough cameos and absurd shenanigans to keep me interested.  Moments of drama and gravitas fell kind of flat with the wooden deliveries and twists were generally predictable.  On the plus side, Mark Hamill's awesome voiceovers make a return here, ridiculous pretexts be damned.I am baffled by the hate this game gets-- the vehicle segments have a hiccup or two, but everything else ran like butter, and didn't crash once.  I don't have a particularly impressive PC and didn't run on highest settings, but it still looked good and performed well.  Many of the thumbs down reviewers I see must have a totally different rig causing their issues.  I don't know much about computers, so I gotta shrug at that one.8/10 for my money.  If you've played through the Arkham games and want to see the saga end, pick this one up."
,Recommended,208650,25849130,"Posted: 3 October, 2016",all,Makatoshi,"First off I got this game on sale for $10. Second if you get this game install and quickly check to see if it works on your PC. This is what I did and I did not mess with the settings after that because I just wanted the game to work. If it does not work well for you, please use the Steam refund process, if you can.That being said this game ran well for me (970 GTX card) and I only experienced slow down once but I also did not try to get the most out of the game in terms of performance.As for the story, it is decent it borrows a lot from the Jason Todd arcs and a Long Halloween(minus the holiday killings) storywise. It's not different like the other arkham games so at times the story feels a little rehashed, especially if you know Batman lore.For gameplay it's the combat style you either love or hate but its very refined imo, giving you lots of different options for combos and how to engage your performance. Now the most changed aspect is the movement because the Batmobile is a HUGE part of this game. I'm not going to lie and say they don't overuse because they do and you'll be driving that thing a lot for story missions and side quests. However, I did not mind it all that much and actually enjoyed a portion of the batmobile parts minus the racing sections because screw time trials. I actually found it satisfying to drive all over Gotham instead of gliding all the time (which is still fun) but I fully understand that not everyone will like this mechanic.In short for Batman fans, consider this a decent Elseworld story that rehashes the the plots I mentioned above. I recommend playing this game like you would watching the Nolan Batman movies, similar but different.For performance guys............. good luckIn any capacity I think this game is well worth the $10 I got it for."
,Recommended,208650,24423173,"Posted: 20 July, 2016",all,Maviring,still some freezes on i5+gtx970
76561198059694751,Recommended,208650,24426631,"Posted: 20 July, 2016",all,karatz,"This is the definitive Batman Arkham of the series. Hands down the best storyline and gameplay.Get this game if you are Batman fan, heck get this game even if you are not, it may change your view. Is that good. Not to mention the extra contents from the dlc. So good and high quality.If your concern is about the graphics performance, I suggest running it in 30fps. the game just cant handle constant 60 fps especially in the batmobile sequence.  Yes, i know that may be blasphemy for some of you. i consider it too, but i rather have constant fps than higher fps that fluctuates a lot. Overtime you will get use to it and enjoy the game for what it really is. However during closed sequence I was even able to obtain constant 90fps even with lots of enemies on screen.Anyway 10/10 recommended. Pretty sure its super cheap by now. dont miss it.Played onFX 95902x R9 290 (game does not support crossfire or sli)installed on ssd16gb ram (game stutters a lot if less than 16gb,)"
76561198044407141,Recommended,208650,25776638,"Posted: 29 September, 2016",all,Fvrsc,"120% completed this game. The story and background is appealing, quite a number of plot twists here and there, but some are to be expected. Graphics were wonderful as well. Combat was seamless and movement was smooth.It was great seeing friends and foes in the game, some with their own story to tell, which is pretty nice. An addictive grind for riddler's quest.120% would recommend this game."
,Recommended,208650,25805812,"Posted: 1 October, 2016",all,Elly,"Good game, with fix framerate and season pass dlc. Better than BAK the first time release"
,Recommended,208650,25770293,"Posted: 29 September, 2016",all,jeremiahdbullfrog.com,"yes, it does shutter a lot....actually in my case it wasn't too bad until i got 2/3 into the game.It's too bad so many people having  issues because this batman game is the best in the series.  It's very impressive."
,Recommended,208650,25559882,"Posted: 17 September, 2016",all,Warrior35,"Game appears to be up to par again, I'm running it at 1440p locked at 60 with a gtx 1070 and an i7 2600k. I've uncapped it and it floats around 60-75, but I enjoy the Vsync so I cap it at 60.Not sure why everyone else is complaining, game works and looks beautiful to me. This is with all settings maxed with fog and rain on."
76561198145405539,Recommended,208650,30328258,Posted: 4 March,all,greasymonkey004,one if the best batman game I played in a long time10/10
76561198071388006,Recommended,208650,28051381,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,[Come]2[BanZai]™,Pros+ Free flow combat+ a lot of side mission+ solid storyline+ BatmanCons- Boss battle
,Recommended,208650,24911995,"Posted: 14 August, 2016",all,キラ,"Pros: The BEST game in the Arkham series.No glitch, no lag or whatsoever. Story is great.Cons: too much batmobile."
,Recommended,208650,34137882,Posted: 9 August,all,Ed,"This game makes you feel like the Dark Knight, Nicely done Rocksteady!We will miss you"
76561198359829594,Recommended,208650,34145131,Posted: 10 August,all,Fighter_The_Only,AMAZING GAME!!! WARNING:you need really good PC tho...
,Recommended,208650,24734921,"Posted: 5 August, 2016",all,3InchMeatMonster,"game has been fixed, getting rock solid 60 fps at 1440p. gameplay wise, its basically arkham city with everything turned up to 11. all the bosses are in the batmobile and the overuse of the batmobile gets boring after a while. thats why im giving it a 9/10. but beating the sh*t out of crooks has never looked more bad*ss. a must own for batman fans. and a must own for everyone when on sale."
76561198392357676,Recommended,208650,32394646,Posted: 13 June,all,FLASH,the game wont work for me i keeps crashing for me
76561198080280367,Recommended,208650,33325663,Posted: 6 July,all,Patz,Best Batman game!
,Not Recommended,208650,16666969,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,TheSavorings...,"Y U DISAPOINT?!Not only did it run like relative crap at crap settings and doesn't allow you to turn off Motion Blur (which I hate)  it also BROKE my Nvivdia Experience Software suite, which is how I capture and record videos.I tried to get a refund on Steam to show Rocksteady/WB ""WTF, seriously?!"" but becuase I bought it at the same time as 7 other games during the Steam sale I'd have to return ALL 8 games at once. Most of those games I got for super cheap during the sale and to replace them would cost a LOT more.I could, however, get an individual refund on Batman IF I took it as a Steam Wallet credit. WHATS THE POINT? The game's not getting any cheaper anytime soon and I already own it so, yeah!""The Man"" won today but better believe I'm emailing everyone involved and calling them on some BS.IM SO DISAPOINT! Honestly what little I played of at crap settings was still awesome so not only ""all of this"" but I'm missing out on a great game (for now HOPEFULLY GET YOU ISH TOGETHER! MAYBE PUT MORE THAN 12 PEOPLE ON IT, HMMMMMMM?!)"
,Recommended,208650,35359755,Posted: 30 September,all,hammer_gaidin,"Now that it isn't a buggy mess, I really enjoyed this game.  I got it on sale, and i recommend it."
,Recommended,208650,35400147,Posted: 1 October,all,Game sparks,"i have 72 hours on the game and just today i can't play it i looked up how to fix it nothing worked what would happen is i would start the game up and the first thing you see when starting it up and for about 7-5 seconds it crash and i thought they fixed this on pc but nope i don't know what im doing wrong,but if you know how to fix this please tell me.one big thing is why the batmobile"
76561198102665525,Recommended,208650,33152104,Posted: 2 July,all,epicwoogie,"Gotham's AWESOME, mechanics are great, Bat'sy has never looked better BUT, we f#$&ing get it you're proud of the batmobile that however doesn't mean it had to be 90% of the game play. If I wanted Arkham Kart I would have asked for it. Annoying over use of the batmobile during the campaign aside I love it."
,Recommended,208650,35284845,Posted: 29 September,all,Jrnd4,"Didn't expect it to run so well even on lower end hardware (R7 360), it still looks decent on lower graphics settings too.Batmobile could use a little bit of a diet, but it's still a very cool ride.More than worth the (on sale) price tag, kudos to Rocksteady."
,Recommended,208650,35380284,Posted: 1 October,all,=F [A] ll3n 0n3=,Hell and heaven difference between the performance I faced at launch and now. The base game was always good and with the performance issues mostly sorted out can truely enjoy it now
76561198019035845,Recommended,208650,25641514,"Posted: 22 September, 2016",all,OldmanFunkysak,I just bought this game over the weekend on sale. I've had no issues running it at all! It runs perfect and smooth like butter. But that said I run on a brand new PC with 16gb of ram and a 1070 nvidia. It seems from the other reviews one needs a bit of ram to run this beat. As for the game itself I am enjoying it very much. 9/10
,Recommended,208650,25640597,"Posted: 22 September, 2016",all,Tamerlane,"A bitt jittery in some parts even though my rig can handle most games at 1080p High (er) settings. Nothing serious just some slight hiccups, doesn't happen often and everything's back to normal. No crashes so far though running with intel and Nvidia card.Storyline is predictable but the excellent voice work and music are still there. Characters are still as charming and compelling as ever. Scarecrow replaces Dr. Strange as he drones on and on with the speakers. There's some really well done scenes throughout the game.Gameplay-wise it's somewhat same Batman with some slight additions. Batmobile is a mess on grease but eventually you learn to control it and the combat controls are responsive (for both the Bat and the tank). Game starts you off with most of your gadgets then eventually the usual upgrades with Batman and the mobile. Multiple missions all over the place and transversing the game world feels seamless.As far as controls, although quite responsive, it doesn't feel as great as Arkham city did for some reason. I can't put my finger on it but it's probably because of the addition of the Batmobile and much more physics involved with the new(ish) game engine.Still feels like you're the freaking Batman and it's a heck of a game.Might take some caution if you have a entry to mid level computer, the game seems a bit more resource demanding the the previous ones."
,Not Recommended,208650,16659984,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,TheExtremeTaco,"Looks like a great game, but I can't ♥♥♥♥ing play it. I would not recommend it if you do not want to waste 60 dollars"
,Recommended,208650,24232006,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,NegNoodles,"Despite the initial launch issues, this game has been ""fixed"". Is it optimized? Of course not, but its WAY better than it ever was in the beginning, with the unacceptable 30 fps cap and constant stutter/fps drops. Now, this game really smoothly on my Nvidia card and I couldn't be happier.The Pros:The implementation of the batmobile alongside perks such as grapnel boost are made available from the start, unlike Arkham City where AR challenges have to be completed to ""unlock"" these necessary perksFantastic narrative, gameplay and memorable characters.The final game of the franchise. Definitely a very fitting ending for such a great franchise. I have enjoyed all 3 main games and Origins as well, and although I am a bit sad that this is the actual end for the Batman Arkham games, I am glad that Rocksteady have decided to end it this way. Otherwise, they would've just ended up milking the franchise and ruin it.AR Challenges. Adds replay value to the game. This mode is also present in the previous titles, but under a different name.Wider range of characters can be selected in AR Challenges, and a wide variety of different character skins.Plenty of replayability. This game is an open-world sandbox game. Although aside from only having those common thugs and some AR missions that can be replayed, the game is still plenty fun after beating it. Lots of end-game things to do and makes this game worthy of a purchase as the fun doesn't end right after the story ends, there are tons of collectibles/side quests/AR challenges/achievements etc to accomplish late game.This game goes on sale alot. This means you'll definitely be able to pick this game up at a discounted price, and that is definitely something worth considering. This game is definitely worth every benefit even having paid the MSRP for it, but having it on sale is nothing short of a privilege, as this game is definitely one of the best I've ever played.The Cons:Technical issues at launch, and unfortunately is still not entirely fixed in the ""final"" game. It's fixed to the extent that it at least allow mid-high to higher end systems to run this game well. Sadly, I am unable to maintain a steady 60FPS in all areas despite having a relatively strong system.Overall, I would recommend this game. Especially if you're a Batman fan, you should consider getting all four games of the Arkham series. I would easily classify this to be one of the best games I've played, easily topping its predecessors in the series."
76561198305671994,Recommended,208650,30112442,Posted: 22 February,all,blackroija25,"This game is awesome with lots of new things to do compared to previous Arkham titles.  Batmobile is fun as hell and not as grindy as I expected based on other reviews.Game runs like garbage on my PC and its only using 4 of the 8 gigs of my VRAM.  8 core 4.2 ghz processor too.  Runs ok when I do the test but in actual use frame rate drops constantly while in Batmobile and with many characters on screen.  Sound cuts out all the time too.  Thought it would have been fixed by now.  Only paid $10 and got all DLC so still ok with the purchase, just not thrilled about the console like performance."
76561198212049024,Recommended,208650,33963356,Posted: 1 August,all,Chunky Kong (FranktheDank),"despite launch, it is a really really good game. Still doesn't run that good, but it's worth it."
,Not Recommended,208650,16670030,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,gcseed,"Again, poor pc port!"
,Recommended,208650,34234423,Posted: 14 August,all,EiseN,10/10
,Recommended,208650,35474495,Posted: 4 October,all,POTATOSALAD,"This is an almost flawless game, the story is awesome, combat is good, the batmobile is frickin' badass. My performace is mostly good, around 60 fps most of the time but some framedrops can occur, but it's nothing gamebreakring as long as your pc is beefy.I like the story alot, it's fun and addictive and suprising i highly recomend playing this with a controller, afterall this game was designed for consoles in the first place.Combat is very smooth if you are fast enough, there is ALOT of combat moves for you to remember some units need a specific combat move to take them down, it can be very challenging but also rewarding in the end because you feel like a badass.11/10"
76561198351779687,Recommended,208650,28886305,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,Blackmamba,Picked up this game on sale not knowing what to expect since there were mixed reviews. The game runs flawlessly on my system and I really had fun driving the batmobile around gotham.
76561197982980775,Recommended,208650,35465150,Posted: 4 October,all,madrax_01,"One of the best games I have ever played. Incredible graphics, good story and presentation, different and varied gameplay. I never thought that adding the batmobile to the series could be so much fun. It doesn't feel like just an extra, they really made sure that the game integrates the batmobile very well.I especially loved the predator missions where you need to take down several enemies silently. And once you have all the bat gear unlocked, it's even more fun.I can highly recommend this game, it is the best in the series and it is one of the best games ever!"
,Recommended,208650,35480529,Posted: 4 October,all,4th,The best Batman game money can buy. Runs like a dream.
76561198178010694,Recommended,208650,35481969,Posted: 4 October,all,Farmskins.com Hellcase.com,"the combat system is ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥. Just button mashing no brain, nothing else, just how fast you can press buttons, aside form that I like it."
,Recommended,208650,29438079,Posted: 22 January,all,Big Daddy Krabs,Best Batman game personally!
,Recommended,208650,29448676,Posted: 23 January,all,McCreep,Good game tbh
76561197963298686,Recommended,208650,35495772,Posted: 5 October,all,Shadow75,"Batman Arkham Knight is a 2015 Action-Adventure, Open-world, Superhero game that is developed by Rocksteady. It is the fourth and last installment in the Arkhamverse officially. The game is based on the characters on DC Comics.Batman Arkham Knight, I had high hopes for back when it released but unfortuantly for the PC version, it came off a very very rocky journey, the game was delayed constantly and the game was very broken on PC. If I am correct, only 20% of Steam could run the game. I was one of thoses 20%. The rest had to wait for patches but even I felt sorry for them as they tried patch after patch and they just couldn't get the game running how they wanted too. Till today, a few players can't get the game running still.To talk about the gameplay, it's more or less the same for previous installment, just added abilities that Batman can do. It also introduces new features like Driving the Batmobile and teaming up with sidekicks such as Robin and Nightwing.Batgirl is a sidekick but I will come back to that shortly.The game focuses on Batman's final adventure where he goes to war against Scarecrow, only to find that he has made a new ally called ""The Arkham Knight"", the identity of the Knight was revealed as Jason Todd or The Red Hood. In order to defeat scarecrow and save Gotham, Batman had to reveal his identity to the public of Gotham.The Good:-- Big world to explore, Gotham is yours to explore- No loading screens- Great action in combat- Great graphics  and visuals- Batman, Robin, Nightwing, Oracle, Gorden, Scarecrow and a few other villians were the best parts- The batmobiles and costume DLC are fantasticly made.Bad:- Story was mediocre- Arkham Knight was too obvious to identity- Joker shouldn't of been in the game, I don't really care if it's just in Batman's head.- Too much batmobile- Not many boss fights like previous games- the DLC stories are quite♥♥♥♥♥♥except the Matter of family with Batgirl and Red Hood's story.Final result:-If am honest, I don't really know weather to recommand this game or not. I am in the middle. Arkham Knight was enjoyable at first but it just got mediocre. I did feel it was the weakest Arkhamverse game to date which is a shame because normal the final game is normally the best at times. If you want a Batman open-world adventure-action with the Batmobile than this game is for you. For now I will recommand it."
76561197968971344,Not Recommended,208650,19170074,"Posted: 19 November, 2015",all,BossSauce,"No SLI support, Crap performance = BULL$HIT game. I want a refund."
76561198111855035,Recommended,208650,29779647,Posted: 8 February,all,Gwynbleidd,Bruce Wayne is Batman ? Wat
76561198108030611,Recommended,208650,30131693,Posted: 23 February,all,Ethan0720,"It's absolutely amazing.I love everything about, from racing in the batmobile to taking on villains. It's an absolute blast.9.5/10"
76561198164704079,Not Recommended,208650,19404423,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,smlbv1,"This game stands in the shoulders of giants, but is not a giant itself.While the plot of the game is worthy of any of the previous Arkham games, the storytelling is awful. This is the first time Batman feels so conceptually overpowered, he seems to have the exact ability/gadget/knowledge he needs on the spot, there is no character development in the story. Also, some of the supporting character's scripts/decisions/actions make no sense whatsoever, they seem to be conveniently accomodated just so the story follows the desired path.The gameplay is great because its predecessors, but anything new added to the game is a huge let down. The batmovile is, in my opinion, the greatest missed chance of this game: aside from the cool graphics and the impecable ambiance, all the gameplay in the batmovile feels like an early 90's arcade game. The boss fights are also very dissapointing, they seem uninspired and repetitive.All my further comments involve spoilers, so I won't include them here, but they are not better than my opinions above.I have not played Arkham Origins, but I can say that Arkham Knight feels like a huge leap backwards from Arkham Asylum and Arkham City."
,Recommended,208650,22810015,"Posted: 5 May, 2016",all,Lawbringer,"Woeful release for this game kept me away for a long time before I eventually took the plunge during a recent sale.I'm so glad I did!Whilst I did come across some very minor bugs, none of them were game breaking and all of them were passing glitches. The rest of the game, however, is fantastic.Gameplay-wise, it's pretty much more of the same from the previous Arkham games, but with some new gadgets thrown in here and there. The Batmobile is very well implemented and genuinely entertaining to drive, rather than being a cheap gimmick. Many a time I would find myself veering off my mission to join police cars chasing perps around the city and blowing up criminals in a way we are assured does not kill them...!For me, the story was gripping. A very fitting and pretty final end to the saga with exactly the right amount of drama, double crosses and laughs along the way.Whilst I got this on sale, I think I would have been just as happy had I paid full price for it, too. Of course...a savvy Steam gamer never pays full price if (s)he can help it!Shake off your doubts and fire up the old batcomputer for one last fight against the villains of Gotham"
,Recommended,208650,26187122,"Posted: 23 October, 2016",all,BlackBurn,JUST amazing game
,Recommended,208650,26206706,"Posted: 24 October, 2016",all,JonoDrums,Game runs brilliantly apart from some loading issues due to being installed on a HDD rather than an SSD.Most fun I've had in a Batman game for a long time and looks beautiful at the same time!
76561198046271476,Not Recommended,208650,16659146,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,DeTHtoEmOs,F***k this!!!!
76561198024051654,Recommended,208650,25060757,"Posted: 21 August, 2016",all,Trooper,"Batman Arkham Knight. What a way to end a the series, I was one of the few who did not buy this game before it launched so I was lucky to not exeperience the frame issues. Through my entire play through I had never experienced one graphical issue and even though I am running this game on medium graphics it still looks incredible. I would have to say if you where a die hard fan form the original Arkham Asylum then this game would be for you. The story was well written and the action and combat is unbelievable you truly do feel like the Dark Knight. Along with this game being mainly focused on Batman you also do play many other characters from Batmans universe such as, Robin, Nightwing, Azrael, and Catwoman. Over all I am glad Rocksteady had gave this series a epic ending, as the game deserved a epic ending. Thank you Rocksteady for bringing me such a awesome game!9/10"
,Recommended,208650,26229112,"Posted: 26 October, 2016",all,Christiee,The game is no longer broken and u can get it really cheap if its on sale.
76561198184343130,Recommended,208650,20705431,"Posted: 23 January, 2016",all,robosoap,this game is really fun and action packed i definitly would recomend it it runs amazingly on my pc the only downside is the keyboard and mouse controls. they dont feel right so i just use a xbox one controller and it is amazing.
76561197991263778,Recommended,208650,20737311,"Posted: 24 January, 2016",all,902,"I know a lot of people are complaining about the technical issues they are having that's why the game have a bad rating but speaking of my self I did manage to finish the game with some minor problems that isn't worth to mention , The graphics are stunning specially if you own a good Nvidia card you would get some bonuses like rain effect etc , the gameplay was really really great , there is many types of missions to play ( I loved enigma missions ) , give this game a chance if you have a technical problem just ask for a refund ."
,Recommended,208650,20980121,"Posted: 5 February, 2016",all,Butts LFT,"Got the game on sale, figured I'd just return it if it didn't work as most of the reviews say. 4 hours in and I've had absolutely no problems. All the settings are either on normal or high (only 3 settings: toaster, normal, high). Im running i7-4770k and gtx780 with 16 gigs ram.As for the game itself, fun to play, would recommend if you liked the other games."
,Recommended,208650,20820083,"Posted: 28 January, 2016",all,Doomfreak,"This game ran perfectly, I had no issues throughout the entire story.Maxed everything and no slowdown.This is a great experience for new and old Batman fans alike. The final entry in the Arkham series is by far the best at making one feel like they are ""The Batman."" Combat feels great and the new moves are awesome, the new gadgets add new and varied ways to approach the predator encounters. The Batmobile is awesome, end of story.Play this game!"
,Recommended,208650,20800012,"Posted: 27 January, 2016",all,Near,"Of course I recomend this game. Best story in the Arkham series, like seriously, you play with a Batman with a ♥♥♥♥ed up mind, The joker ♥♥♥♥ing with you everytime, funny coments, Joker made a lot of savage talks about Bruce Wayne that you spent half of the game thinking ""jeez bruh this Batman better go to a Therapist. I highly recomend this game you know what F*ck the low performance in Pc, I paid 50 bucks for this game and It was all worth it.Tha game is playable, I recomend a good graphics card, but the game is still playable, some fps drops on the batmobile, but it still works. For real buy this game is all worth it. One of the games that I was more focused on the history thaan the visuals. Like I played The Witcher 3 on low settings before buying my GTX 970 and of course it was WORTH IT.PLAY THIS GAME FOR THE HISTORY. F*CK THE LOW PERFORMANCE, F*CK THE BAD REVIEWS ABOUT THIS GAME. REMEMBER PEOPLE DON'T TRUST PEOPLE WHO COMPLAIN ABOUT A GAME TRUST SOMEONE WHO HAS FINISHED THE GAME BECAUSE WE WERE PLAYING THE GAME INSTEAD OF COMPLAINING ABOUT EVERYTHING."
76561198090933083,Recommended,208650,23963487,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,The Headless Horsemelon,"personaly i had little to no problems with arkham knight... regardless. before you buy this game, you need a fairly decent pc. dont run this on a potato."
,Recommended,208650,31387666,Posted: 26 April,all,PSYCH0T1C_GH0ST,"One word, amazing, no optimization problems now, its stable 60 and maxed out now, amazing gameplay, just go for it Arkham fans"
76561198027754116,Recommended,208650,25556636,"Posted: 17 September, 2016",all,Fraze,"After playing a couple of hours with it, and despite of the very negative rates at start I must say this game is really enjoyable (even at low settings). It's beautiful and brings the true Batman feeling that I really love! The added Photo mode feature is AWSOME! Finally I can take some epic pictures with it :)Great work from the developers, really looks like they did a lot of work with it! Game works smooth on my rig."
,Recommended,208650,25556018,"Posted: 17 September, 2016",all,PuddingNL,Bought this game recently on sale and it totally worth it! No problems at all. Running stable 60 FPS on high with i5 6600K and GTX 970. The content of the game is amazing and it all works really well
,Not Recommended,208650,16704138,"Posted: 25 June, 2015",all,skarrok,"Very low performance, bugs, no option to disable motion blur, depth of field and mouse smoothing.Just terrible."
,Not Recommended,208650,17599282,"Posted: 18 August, 2015",all,Takaruichi,"I was a big big big fan of batman arkham series and i've played all of them on pc but... seriously... you killed me with this horrible pc port...I've got an i7 5820k, 8go ddr4 and R9 295x2 and i can't played this game more than 30 mins. After that, i have suttering everywhere...And we still waiting for a ♥♥♥♥ing patch that will fix those issue and we still wait for those ♥♥♥♥ing dlc's than even people who buy the game before he's unavailable, can't play them...Just, you're suck wb games and even if the game is fixed later, that will not erase those ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t that you made. You're not even offering anything for pc gamer???son of ..."
76561198000942123,Not Recommended,208650,17907598,"Posted: 6 September, 2015",all,JakeTheDog,"Ok so we all know how ridiculous this whole saga has been.Releasing a game in this state - unforgiveable.Funny thing was though for me it was actually playable. Framerate was always 30-60fps on highest settings and was smooth enough so the tearing wasn't jarring. Now though after the patch it is unplayable. Struggle to get 30fps and the jarring is so bad I can't even do a simple brawl.Thanks WB, love your work..."
,Not Recommended,208650,17915506,"Posted: 6 September, 2015",all,koslain,"Buy for console, not PC.I've seen bettter games in Alpha? Beat the game twice with 10fps, new patch didn't change♥♥♥♥♥♥for me. Redownloaded and started fresh just to make sure. No refund because 2hours + played. Because giving the company a chance to fix their♥♥♥♥♥♥apparently doesn't matter for refunds."
,Not Recommended,208650,16652972,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,Layne,fix ur game rocksteady u garbage♥♥♥♥♥30fps lockin♥♥♥♥
76561198049937017,Recommended,208650,32244986,Posted: 7 June,all,Oddelum,"At launch, this game was very, very buggy and the overall launch was a tragedy. It was really, really bad.But when I played through it every single bug I had heard about has been fixed. I had absolutely zero issues with this game, no bugs, no crashes, no problems whatsoever.( I will point out that my experience was on my own high end pc, so I can't comment on what the experience would be like on an older pc, but it seems that the game is much smoother in general these days)I'd recommend you play the earlier installments before you play this, namely Batman Arkham Asylum, Batman Arkham City, and Batman Arkham Origins. Not just because otherwise the story will make no sense to you, but also because the earlier games are on sale quite often and PHENOMENAL games in their own right.With that being said, The game itself plays like Arkham City and Arkham Origins, essentially, but with tweaks to the combat here and there.There is the added bonus/caveat, depending on your opinion of it, of the introduction of the Batmobile to the game. To some, it's a godsend. To others, a series of unavoidable, unskippable and quite frankly very frequent car/driving segments. Also, it's not just driving, but also combat segments involving the Batmobile. You'll see what I mean if you play the game. Now, I personally had absolutely zero issues with that aspect of the game, but I grew up playing driving games and I had a blast. It's just worth mentioning that one of the biggest complaints I've heard regarding the game is about the ""god damn Batmobile segments"", so if you think you wouldn't enjoy that, it's absolutely worth considering that it WILL be a frequent part of your game experience.I played the game on the hardest difficulty (and I don't usually do that) and I beat the whole game without wanting to smash my controller. Essentially, it may not be as bad to you as it is for some people.Now, the overall game itself was a phenomenal experience for me. There are flaws, most of which I can't really specify cause they'd involve spoiling certain things of the story, but none of them warrant hesitation towards buying this game.Furthermore, the game's not brand new anymore so it does go on sale here and there, but even for the full price I think it's worth it.If you like Batman or the Arkham franchise at all, add this game to your steam wishlist and wait for it to go on sale and I can almost guarantee you won't be sorry.Highly recommended."
,Recommended,208650,31913060,Posted: 22 May,all,BakedCookie,"Good thing I waited for this game to get patched up, runs like a charm with barely any problems."
,Not Recommended,208650,16678977,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,your mothers dirty little secret,do not buy it does not work get it on ps4 / xbox 1 because it is realy jerkey
,Not Recommended,208650,29231406,Posted: 13 January,all,Rotinajeht,"I wanted batman, I paid for batman, I got the batmobile."
,Recommended,208650,21989397,"Posted: 22 March, 2016",all,gwints,"First off, I'm playing this game on an i7-4790, GTX 970, and 16GB of RAM.In terms of performance, in the present day, the game runs fine for me. There's a bit of a stutter when driving in the Batmobile, but it doesn't get much worse than that. As a game, the story's got some nice depth to it, the leveling system is great, as well as some good skills, I really appreciate the Fear Multi-Takedown. Like any other game in the Arkham series, this one keeps you coming back for more. However, do I reccomend buying this game for 50$? Well, no, I'd say, not on PC at least. Buy it during a sale if you can catch it.For what it's worth, this game is still pretty good. I just wished Rocksteady would have made sure that it was ready for launch day."
,Recommended,208650,32922621,Posted: 28 June,all,@rtsintu,"A lot of content in this game. Probably more than AA and AC. Shame that it still drops FPS on my 1070 but I would recommend it overall, despite the launch problems. Grab it on sale!Neat design decisions and ideas about characters and interactions.New tank and batmobile mechanics are worth pointing out.Game assumes you know the arkham combat style, so it's not really rich on tutorials.I enjoyed it."
,Not Recommended,208650,21003524,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,blueman GR,After all this time I thought the game was working properly so I gave it a go...NOPE. After a couple of hours of play the game keeps crashing. No possible fix found anywhere online. I'm just going to give up on this one. If they have not fixed it by now I won't hold my hopes up any more.
,Recommended,208650,25577751,"Posted: 18 September, 2016",all,Drahz,"Best game I've purchased so far in 2016. I have no slow down, lag issues, or crashes yet I'm 21% into the main storyline. The Batmobile was a phenomenal addition to this series. The city statues, fences, and concrete architecture actually break into pieces as you crash through them racing to catch bad guys highly realistically (voronoi algorithm). The story line has been GREAT so far, the game has really drawn all my attention since I booted it up. The graphics are amazing mist/smoke/fog actually react, as well as rain, to objects moving through them. Addtionally, I'm playing with a Xbox One controller so I'm not sure how well the controls feel mouse/keyboard, but on the controller they feel very good.I'm saddened to think what the reviews would've been like had there not been many technical issues at release because to me so far, this is the best game I've played in 2016. I cannot recommend a game anymore than this. Buy this! if it's on sale buy it immeadiately!My System Specs - Average FPS 51----------------AMD FX(tm) - 8320 Eight-Core ProcessorNVIDIA GeForce GTX 97032GB 1866Mhz RAM"
76561198063307025,Not Recommended,208650,18877909,"Posted: 4 November, 2015",all,mark_90210,still havnt fixed the tech issues . . .
76561198082476747,Recommended,208650,21024681,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,Hampenegro🌶,I thinnk that this Game is Amazing. Thoe this game have had some isues i think that WB have fixed the isues. I recomed this Game.
76561198040917022,Not Recommended,208650,18882464,"Posted: 4 November, 2015",all,Negetz,"Fun game, terrible port!"
,Not Recommended,208650,16665771,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,Chriqro,"""Batman - 30FPS and sometimes dips below it edition""Buy Now and get the official broken Nvidia Gameworks effect"
,Recommended,208650,24949092,"Posted: 15 August, 2016",all,MrKizu,The feel when you have refunded this game becouse the game was a bug and had horrible reviews......and now they have fixed it and has now very positive reviews.10/10 Would want it back again.
,Not Recommended,208650,16691537,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,NecroXBR,"Pretty much like everybody else... Experiencing crashes, 30FPS lockdown... Almost unplayable after the ""Batmobile event"".I truly hope to change this negative review, since I'm playing on Ultra settings, and I could see the beauty and superiority in gameplay/combat and graphics in a whole new level in comparison to the other Rocksteady Studios Batman games.Conclusion: stay the ♥♥♥♥ away from this game until they decide to fix(It's really so bad that makes me wonder if it's even a possible option) this PC port.(Rocksteady Studios said they wouldn't do this, but they just did... Unbelievable... It seems I can't trust in my few, getting fewer each day, favorites developers anymore.)Ah, yes, the textures and shaders are looking actually WORSE than the primary platforms(XONE/PS4), and loading with a considerable delay... Again, what a horrendous port. Very disappointedOh, by the way, trying to run this with a GTX 780 TI 4GB, I7 3770K and 32GB RAM."
,Not Recommended,208650,18846037,"Posted: 2 November, 2015",all,RGP,"Can't believe I waited all this time for this piece of bs. It runs perfectly fine, but if I wanted a car game or tank shooter I wouldn't have bought a Batman game!"
76561198052783552,Recommended,208650,20158531,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,Help,"They really fixed their ♥♥♥♥ up, and now everything is running great.  This is a must buy if you're into the Arkham series!"
,Recommended,208650,20106495,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,Kith,"I bought this game during the Thanksgiving sale, and was afraid I would have to return it due to the PC issues that continued to be reported after the re-release. However, I encountered absolutely no issues playing this game - no crashes, no stuttering, no memory leaks, nothing. I completed 100% of the story mode without a single problem. For reference, I am running Windows 7.The story is great and the gameplay is fun. Although the Batmobile takes some getting used to, it really adds a lot once you're comfortable with it (especially with the riddles). I highly recommend this game."
,Not Recommended,208650,21360037,"Posted: 21 February, 2016",all,rospec,F*ck this game! It's been 8 months since this game was released and it's still haven't fixed. I'm still crashing every 20 mins of the game.
76561197995825753,Not Recommended,208650,20552633,"Posted: 15 January, 2016",all,s279961,"From a reliability/support perspective its a well-known FLOP.From a gameplay/story perspective, it's pretty good.From a 2D graphics perspective, it's amazing.BUT... EVERY OTHER Batman game, EVEN Origins, was 3D Vision READY from release onward and THAT, along with other great points, made them my absolute favorite games in my library for quite a while. This game SHOULD HAVE BEEN 3D Vision Ready, but it wasn't. I was told BEFORE LAUNCH by an Nvidia rep that it would be, but IT WASN'T. I was told at least 3 times since release by Nvidia reps that 3D Vision WOULD BE FIXED along with other patches, BUT IT WAS NOT! I know I WOULD actualy love this game IF it had 3D Vision compatibility, but the fact that it doesn't KILLS IT for me. I know most gamers couldn't care less about it, but believe me, it IS the BIGGEST BLUNDER on Rocksteady/WB Games' part as far as I'm concerned.I waited this long to review this game, because I was actually holding out hope the reliablity/stability and 3D Vision issues might actually be resolved, but after half a year has passed, it's still pretty crappy overall. A very sad end to Rocksteady's Batman Arkham series indeed. Good job screwing up guys!"
,Not Recommended,208650,16659637,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,Nickel [PRIA],"I requested a refund on Arkham City through steam. It's not terrible but it does suffer from bad port syndrome. Crashes, save game problems, crappy keyboard control schemes and missing PC options.  Another case of a company that didn't stop to check if it was a chore just to get to the good stuff in their game.I'll wait until it drops in price to 15 bucks a month after release like the other Batman games did.If you are reading this and the game is 15 bucks then go for it.  A really solid game for 15 dollars."
,Recommended,208650,25521145,"Posted: 15 September, 2016",all,♥Ʌᵴḥɭɘɏ Ɠɭφφϻ♥,"<Insert 1960s Batman theme son here> This game is pretty good. I am a huge fan of the Arkham series of games, and I especially like this one for the addition of Harely Quinn. Woot woot!When this game first came out I guess it was really buggy, but it seems they fixed them all because I haven't had any problems. The game played fine, and I think I really only had to completely restart once.The batmobile is a cool addition, but I really didn't find myself using it all that much unless I had to battle tanks and whatnot. I like the traditional gliding and grappling from rooftop to rooftop like in the other games.The story was pretty good. The main villian in this game being The Scarecrow. It's pretty drawn out tho. I kept thinking I was finally going to get to kick his bottom only to be redirected elsewhere and have to complete more tasks. The other villians in the game are some pretty major ones, but their quests are obviously not as long.. although still pretty satisfying imo. The Riddler, once again, has you completing puzzles to get his trophies.. which is kind of mind numbing, but hey.. so is The Riddler.The DLC is decent. The Harley Quinn DLC is short, but hella fun! I really hope that they make a full fledged Harley Quinn Arkham game at some point. Or even a Gotham City Sirens game would be nice! :D The Batgirl DLC is also pretty decent. You get to play at an old abandoned amusement park which is kinda cool. I didn't get any of the other DLC, so I can't comment on that, but I assume it's just as good.Overall, I give this game two B-mans and a Bird brain! ^_^ Totally worth the money.. especially if you can catch it on sale!"
,Recommended,208650,24833999,"Posted: 11 August, 2016",all,Nebula,Pretty ♥♥♥♥ing dank
,Recommended,208650,31713031,Posted: 12 May,all,Flufsi,Amazing game so beutiful but your gonna need a mid end computer to run it I mean it runs on my pc i5 6400k GTX 960
,Recommended,208650,26691013,"Posted: 19 November, 2016",all,chips,Easily the best game in the series and one of my favorite games of all time.
,Not Recommended,208650,19294012,"Posted: 26 November, 2015",all,Dimi,"If you think there couldn't be a worse pc launch than Daikatana you are totally wrong. Compared to Daikatana this game isn't even beta software, or in other words: Daikatana is a polished AAA title working flawless with perfect gameplay.Warner Brothers killed an ip and hurt PC gaming. Don't know if this is the intended last Batman game but after this release mess it should be.The game was taken from the store after some incredible launch issues. After re-release I thought to give it a try. I was still disappointed from Arkham Origins so I hoped to see a good Batman game again. Even the re-release and the November update are a slap in the face of the gamer. WB treated me like a total idiot. The game is technically still a mess. I doubt it could be fixed with some monthly updates. So is the gameplay. The game is boring since it uses the succefull formula of Arkham Asylum and Arkham City. Some new gadgets have been added and the Batmobile but the combat system is still the same, gliding through Gotham is the same, driving the car feels totally wrong, the story tries to save all these but fails to bind the player to the game.Technical issues:- Random framerate drops without doing anything- mouse lag- at start there was a fps lock- incredible long loading times- game freezes here and thenGameplay- still the same combat system since Batman Arkham Asylum. The combat system was absolutely awesome in Arkham Asylum but from game to game it got boring.- Batmobile added. While this was one of the features I loved to see, I got totally disappointed. Car control feels totally wrong and after a few rides it feels everything but not good.- The new gadgets are boring. Nothing more nothing less.- Gotham still feels empty. Ok the intro explained why there are no citizens but hell it's a city. You hear the criminals but there aren't any. You often have to look for them yourself.- Gliding through Gotham is boring (still the same mechanic from AA)Warner Bros already messed up a PC launch with Mortal Kombat X and is still not able to fix all issues. With Batman Arkham City they released the second title which is not even beta. Either those guys at WB want to destroy the ip's or the really treat all gamers as idiots. I bet it's something from both."
,Recommended,208650,20481404,"Posted: 11 January, 2016",all,Gud Lak,"This is the best Batman game made so far(and thats a pretty high praise), if you have hardware that can handle it.I got this game well after the launch fiasco and after almost all patches , so I cannot comment on the technical issues that ppl had. But at the current state on 6700k+980ti+16gb ram+SSD+windows 10... this game runs perfectly and delivers unforgetable moments, plot twists and rich game mechanics."
76561198051811003,Not Recommended,208650,16650912,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,COOL CAT,Can't play the F * cking thingThanks Rocksteady
,Not Recommended,208650,16688818,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,Convexrook,Garbage: Arkham Origins WAAAAY better...
,Recommended,208650,32291288,Posted: 9 June,all,haRT3r,Runs flawlessly on my GTX 1070
,Recommended,208650,23918095,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,Purple_Tortoise_cant_aim,im a crack user since people says its a bad port game for pc. when i finished playing the main story i want more and i buy this game at steam summer sale because of the dlc. dont judge. i live a hard life just as you do.
,Recommended,208650,26457555,"Posted: 6 November, 2016",all,bruce,sensacional...highly recommend !!11/10
76561197970311878,Recommended,208650,24053982,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,digsgravy,"Picked it up for $15,  Ive always been a batman fan. The game is dark, gritty and artful true to the orginal batman and the recent comicbooks versions. Controls are fluid and the story is meshed in seamlesly with the game play. Alot of high qulaity cutscenes. Most of all, its fun. You can play 60fps+ with a single 1070 maxed out @1440p. I play 4k maxed out with another 1070 used for physics. Awesome deal"
76561198125955796,Recommended,208650,25471721,"Posted: 11 September, 2016",all,>> F5 CCH <<,"Fantastic game, highly recommended, never gets old fighting thugs on the streets of Gotham!! Having played and completed all four Batman games to date, I can safely say this one has to have been my favourite. Yes the batmobile play can get frustrating at times, but once mastered it only adds to the thrill IMO. No issues playing in 2016, GTX 970 ran it well with only the occasional drops below 60 fps....Get It!"
,Recommended,208650,33186689,Posted: 3 July,all,[vC] ViTalWolf,"If you're looking for exactly the same thing as the last games in the Arkham Series, but then completely different and awesome, then you've come to the right place.Combining new gadgets, abilities, a freaking batmobile and most importantly, a new intriguing storyline with several new enemies from the Batman universe, together with a few awesome new allies.It seems Bruce has one more lesson to learn, and it is probably the toughest of them all. I won't dive too deep into the story as that would spoil it, but prepare for an emotional experience.The arts and visuals are fantastic, the original voice-actors make a comeback (which we didn't always see in Arkham Origins), and the overal music and audio quality is as to be expected (similar to previous games)Overall, I would recommend you play the game and see for yourself!"
76561198052667608,Recommended,208650,20028914,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,aaza,"gtx 970 and it runs fine, 60 fps high graphics and everything. riddler is particularly annoying but thats what makes him fun to beat.EDIT.further into the game and no glitches, maybe im just lucky (or maybe its maybelline...)"
76561198251584498,Recommended,208650,24267023,"Posted: 11 July, 2016",all,Lebron james,Bought this game on steam summer sale to check if this game is fixed and now its amazing
,Recommended,208650,24316947,"Posted: 14 July, 2016",all,Neos,"At it's launch, Arkham Knight was teeming with bugs and glitches that made the game near unplayable due to such an abominable port. Since then however, the game has been patched and through my experience is near bug-free at the time of this review.The story is well-written and executed as it gives the phenomenal series closure in an thrilling and entertaining way. The series is especially nostalgic for fans of the Batman comics as well as the previous games as it reminds you that this is the conclusion of something bigger than an individual game and truly serves the Batman character justice.Combat is extremely entertaining and engineered in a way that simply prevents it from ever becoming boring as is but is complimented with numerous special moves and takendowns as well as a massive arsenal of gadgets to aid you in your endeavors.The city is unimaginably expansive and thoroughly designed which makes free-roaming really enjoyable but at the same time, incorporates a story that has you fly from building to building to progress onto the game. You will almost never feel that you are confined to a linear hall-way as this game forces you to get out there and explore the city around you which is bustling with life and thugs just waiting to be taken down.The incorporation of the Batmobile is anticipated but rather forced as there are certain enemies and puzzles in the game that require you to use the Batmobile to defeat them which becomes stale fast.Overall, I would highly recommend this game to newcomers and fans of this series alike as this is the definite superhero video game experience and has raised the bar high for others to come."
76561198095195770,Recommended,208650,31166001,Posted: 15 April,all,Bap!,"An alright game, but not as good as Arkham City or Arkham Asylum.Runs well on good PCs and many bugs have been fixed since release"
76561198116870516,Recommended,208650,31864998,Posted: 20 May,all,PapaDarth,Best superhero game i have ever played
76561198088751525,Not Recommended,208650,17743955,"Posted: 27 August, 2015",all,dtnguyen,"Here's the problem with this game: It doesn't work.You might spend hours playing it, and then one day, poof, no reason whatsoever, it doesn't work. And no one can explain it. There's no reason for why, there's no explanation of how, there isn't even a ""gone fishing"" sign. It just won't work and no one will talk about it.Lesson learned:DO NOT buy games from Steam on pre-order, because they will not stand behind the product they deliver.DO NOT buy season passes from Steam, because they have no ability to guarantee their promised product, and furthermore, they don't care if the game or its updates don't work.Go look in your Steam library: There are probably a dozen or so games you bought and didn't really play too much. Go back and play them. Then, in a year, maybe Arkham Knight will have gotten fixed. They'll push it again, but this time, for a deeply discounted price.For everyone else, Steam gets to hang on to your money and laugh while you do nothing."
76561198062576069,Not Recommended,208650,17748073,"Posted: 27 August, 2015",all,abdulaziz988537,0/10
,Recommended,208650,25942974,"Posted: 9 October, 2016",all,Al Swearengen,Hands down the best Batman game. ignore the negative hype.
,Recommended,208650,19291181,"Posted: 26 November, 2015",all,Boykah4,"I saw all the reviews, and sadly they were 90% negative about the gameam a big fan of these games,i finally decided to buy it, but it wasnt available as it was being fixed and updated.when it was available again, i bought itit ran smoothly with no hickups nor glitchesgraphics were fantastic, game play was super smoothgame was pretty much enjoyablei highly recommend it"
,Recommended,208650,19384915,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,wndmob001,"GTX 850m DDR3 2gb, 8gb ram, i7-4710HQ 3.5 GHZWORKS PERFECTLY"
,Not Recommended,208650,18619462,"Posted: 21 October, 2015",all,UnknownVang,"It's a good game, no doubt.  But they released the game on PC knowing it'll be♥♥♥♥♥♥and gave the porting job to another studio.  The first game changing patch didn't come out till 3 months after release. Another thing, if you have a 2 GB VRAM card, good luck running it on medium without the framerate dipping all over the place. My GTX 760 is running this game on low settings and it's ugly. 3/10"
76561198000903765,Not Recommended,208650,18730431,"Posted: 28 October, 2015",all,Miskomoon,"I cannot believe this is happening, and I am seriously disappointed/disheartened by the way that Warner Bros. has been handling this situation.I purchased this game+season pass during the original release, and chose not to go through the refund process in the hopes that Warner Bros. would do right by their consumers in offering a working game, and offer all DLC content to Season Pass owners. Instead, the game is still not working correctly, Season Pass owners are shafted and have to buy certain DLC content separately, and those that already have all of the games in their library get no benefits from Warner Bros.' blunders.This experience has been the last straw for me. I will no longer commit to pre-orders, and WB has lost a consumer today. I admired the content that they published for their games, even apologized flaws and shortcomings. But this is just completely unacceptable. Even understanding that you can't make everyone happy by gifting games, I can't help but feel penalized for being optimistic and hoping that everything would be made right at re-release. Why should I support paying the price for another full game through Season Pass, when its concept is disjointed and incomplete?I'm not sorry for not recommending this game, or any of WB's games in the future. Biggest sour experience that has severely overshadowed a great franchise and killed my fondness."
,Recommended,208650,25122208,"Posted: 24 August, 2016",all,Squareslug,"I just got around to playing the newest Batman game by Rocksteady Studios. This is the third in the series that brings the trilogy to a close. The game was received pretty poorly when it first came out on PC (which is what i played it on), because of the poor performance that came with this specific port. Fortunately ... a full year later and it seems to be working just fine (for me and many others).The game itself is amazing and feels very cinematic. You actually feel like you're playing a Batman movie. The storyline this time is centered around the mysterious Arkham Knight who seems to know a lot about Batman. Unfortunately, Batman has no idea who this villain is. Besides the Knight, Scarecrow seems to be around again and calling the shots with his new fear toxins. I very much enjoyed the story and character interactions. You'll see a lot of returning villains, but also new heroes you haven't interacted with before.Plus ... I ABSOLUTELY LOVE THE JOKER IN THIS GAME. He was amazingly written throughout and was always a treat to see him back for more lol This was his best performance yet. 100% on point throughout. You really can't have a Batman game without the Joker being there in some way. I probably would have been a bit bored at certain parts otherwise.The game has it's slow moments where the gameplay takes more of a focus. The combat is a lot of fun (pretty much the same as the previous games), but sometimes I just didn't feel like sneaking around so much haha. You'll be taking the Batmobile out quite a bit to trash your enemies and solve puzzles that gain you access to new areas. It's a nice addition, if not just a bit overused. I actually found myself driving more than i did flying in this game. It was a great way to get from point A to point B.Anyway ... I definitely recommend this game if you're looking for one of the definitive Batman games on the market.I played around 25 hours till completion."
,Recommended,208650,25123506,"Posted: 24 August, 2016",all,GrandRiser,"BE THE BATMAN - Suits it well. You can freely expore nicely detailed city of Gotham, on foot, fly or on your batmobile. Amazing graphics, and amazing storyline. The storyline is totally amazing. This game serves something different to it's previous games. But the battle feels better in Arkham City. Boss battle, compared to Arkham Origins (vs Deathstroke, which was totally awesome), Arkham Knight was really not that intense.Overall this game is much better in graphic and storyline, but battle experience not as good as previous ones.OVERALL SCORE:GAMEPLAY: 85/100GRAPHIC: 100/100OPTIMIZATION: 75/100"
76561197970706679,Not Recommended,208650,16688461,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,instarobot,"The publisher changed the system requirements hours before release, crippled the game during it's console to pc port to get it out the door on time, and has been tone deaf when responding to customer criticism. This game was not ready for release to the public and the promotional material released to date has been misleading. This game should not be purchased by anyone as it will only disappoint."
,Not Recommended,208650,16690502,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,Warren,Great flipbook
76561198063417477,Not Recommended,208650,16841712,"Posted: 2 July, 2015",all,Keyeye,♥♥♥♥♥poor. Do not waste your money!!
76561198024422156,Recommended,208650,22914256,"Posted: 11 May, 2016",all,Venom Snake,"Batman: Arkham Knight is probably one of my favourite games ever. I absolutely loved the story and I'm currenlty busy loving its great sidequests. Even though I am new to the Batman series the game explained its story really well and caught me up to every important event in the last game. It's very well written and, *kind of spoiler*,after Batman gets hit with Scarecrows fear gass at the very start of the game he becomes schizophrenic and starts seeing the Joker, who talks to him making for some very good and sometimes quite comical dialogue.The gameplay feels smooth and Batman transitions through animations seamlessly. Lip syncing might be a bit off but that's just nitpicking. The batmobile is great and feels fantastic, which was probably one of your biggest concerns. It has two modes; chase and battle. I really only have two minor problems with them and that is that when you're in combat your camera will mess up sometimes in chase moment and the battle mode just sounds too quiet. The batmobile turns into a small tank when you enter battle mode but it sounds like a remote controlled car. Again, nitpicking, because this game is so damn good.Now I don't know if I am just a massive moron or not but sometimes I will júst get stuck on levels because I can't figure out where to go next. The sollutions are usually quite simple but there is a certain lack of direction in the game.Other than those tiny problems I still think this is a fantastic game. Also a bit DLC heavy but that's fine by me. I rate this game a 9/10"
76561198052312066,Not Recommended,208650,16836514,"Posted: 1 July, 2015",all,RedAlfa,"i did have some crash,i ask for a rufund,i will buy it back wen the game it stable and graphic improved."
76561198031012168,Not Recommended,208650,16838224,"Posted: 1 July, 2015",all,bobbobnjoyjoy,I wonder if Joker is involved in the development.
,Recommended,208650,22228619,"Posted: 3 April, 2016",all,Dario,When it actually works - which it does perfectly on my pc (steady 60 with GTX 980 and FX-8320) it's a beautiful game. The rain dripping down from your batsuit after a long battle is amazing. They really paid attention to detail. The story is great aswell and the game features quite a bit of unique sidequests to keep you distracted from the main story.
76561198160673280,Recommended,208650,22358282,"Posted: 11 April, 2016",all,zurabim,"I got this game at perfect time, because I bot fixed game with season pass DLC and wright now I am playing itand I think its great game. (I have not any glichis)"
76561198029047983,Not Recommended,208650,16681558,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,PLAZ44,"Normally with something so dissapointing I wouldn't bother reviewing it but this sucks, the game itself is great but it runs terribly and now after 10 hours of play even the splash screens run at a crawl or the game refuses to load."
,Not Recommended,208650,16700598,"Posted: 25 June, 2015",all,aleske,"So good marketing, so ♥♥♥♥♥♥ performance on release.Hell, that is the worst console port I ever saw! >:("
,Not Recommended,208650,16702443,"Posted: 25 June, 2015",all,Paulio116,smoking pile of dogshit that is broken game is fun but port is ♥♥♥♥ing♥♥♥♥♥
76561198059870769,Recommended,208650,22403237,"Posted: 13 April, 2016",all,steelrat1970,"I absolutely loved this game.  Yes, I know it can still be a bit buggy (occasional crashing at the end of a death cinematic was the biggest and most prevalent), yes I know it's still not that well optimised (had to turn some of the graphics settings down a notch to get a decent frame rate - but it still look fantastic, imo), but those technical issues aside, I think Batman: AK is by far and away the best of the three.There is nothing that I really didn't like about it and plenty of things I loved, especially the abstract dream like sequence at the end and the internal struggle that it represented.  Great story, fun combat, varied (mostly) missions, some good puzzle and detective elements, fantastic voice acting and not just in where you'd expect them to be (namely Mssrs Conroy and Hamill).Overall I felt like I was being challenged as well as thoroughly entertained.  And let's face it, those two things are why we play games in the first place!"
,Not Recommended,208650,16680853,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,Molefonken,Pre-ordered. Downloaded. Started it. Cried. Turned it off. Asked for a refund. Used refund money to buy a PS4 version instead.
76561198023143789,Recommended,208650,22367420,"Posted: 11 April, 2016",all,bortio,"I got this game well after the second release, and I haven't had any of the issues that seemed to plague the original release. I love these Batman games for the writing and the mechanics, and they have really mastered both with this installment. I even enjoyed the Batmobile- yes there is a lot of it forced on you, but it doesn't replace other gameplay or mechanics. Final word is this is a top notch game, you should buy it."
,Recommended,208650,33204720,Posted: 3 July,all,Mayverick,"its the same 1v50 combat system buts there's COOL♥♥♥♥♥♥this time and you dont just have to counter you can do other stuff instead and you get a car this time but gliding is still faster anyways also you need 243 ♥♥♥♥♥♥ little green question marks after doing like 6 puzzles in order to even fight the riddler, meanwhile other characters only need 10 minutes of work to instantly get locked up and good luck not looking up a guide for half of the♥♥♥♥♥♥in the game"
,Not Recommended,208650,17281866,"Posted: 29 July, 2015",all,British Maniac,"This game is definatley AMAZING!BUT NOT ON PC!!! I CAN'T EMPHASISE THAT ENOUGH!!Get on Xbox One or PS4.... SERIOUSLY. You could wait until it's fixed, but, you don't have to."
,Not Recommended,208650,25576184,"Posted: 18 September, 2016",all,Chris Merigold,"This game simply doesn't run properly, I thought my laptop can't support it. But everyone have the same problem with me which is lag issues, no matter how low graphic you put also still lags. I hope you guys can fix it asap. Gameplay, story mode everything is cool....My GTX 970m with 8gb rams, intel i7, 1920x1080, 60hz"
,Recommended,208650,26370712,"Posted: 2 November, 2016",all,chihaya`,"Great game enjoyed it so much. The character designs and graphic are all so good, 10/10 recommended!"
76561197961632856,Recommended,208650,26198426,"Posted: 24 October, 2016",all,so0ky,"Is this an enjoyable playing experience?  Yes it is.  Good plot, good gameplay, good graphics, it's just good.  There were two main problems I had with this game, and one I got over it.  The new control scheme compared to the other three games was frustrating.  When I was first learning the game, when I wanted to go into detective mode I called the batmobile.  When I wanted to go through grates I had to hit B instead of A.  Not to mention the menues you had to hold down the dpad and then make your selection.  That really frustrated me to no end at the beginning.  But as the game progressed, and as I assimilated to the new scheme, I thought this was a legitamate upgrade compared to the older games.The batmobile I loved.  I wished they incorporated the batwing as well like in Origins.I have a problem with the ending.  I don't want to spoil it, but there are two ending, one through the story mode, and then one ""bonus"" one after you completely finish the game.  It's definitely an end, and makes sense if this is going to be the final edition to the Arkham series.  But it is still hard to swallow.Very good game.  I thought it was the best in the entire series for sure.  But don't underestimate the previous three games.  They lay a foundation of the storyline in this game.Great game.  You would definitely get more out of it if you played the previous three, however it is definitely still playable if you play this game on its own.  Thumbs up!"
,Recommended,208650,26007133,"Posted: 12 October, 2016",all,DogeVader,"Should you buy it ?Yes , only if you are the biggest batman fan and  do not mind the performance issue or have a super high end computer.And only at discount.How is the gameplay ?Basically just like any other batman arkham games but with batmobileAll in all this is a good game with good graphics just the optimisation does not do it any justice ."
76561197970364376,Recommended,208650,25556669,"Posted: 17 September, 2016",all,ablazespace,"Amazing looking smooth graphics, fantastic music and exiting gameplay. I'am happy I ignored all the negative reviews, I would have missed this pearl."
76561198196126605,Recommended,208650,25557198,"Posted: 17 September, 2016",all,Major-AmjadX,"This is a very cool game.other people that are having problems were when the game came out so obviously it will have problems but if you buy it now its good, if your computer can run it"
,Recommended,208650,33589318,Posted: 16 July,all,Liss,Im batman
,Recommended,208650,19335564,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,GothamsOnlyHope,"As a huge Batman fan, maybe most of my opinions regarding Batman are biased, but here, I can only state the truth, because it reflects my opinions.Most people see the fact that the ratings for this game suck, and that is because at first it encountered some major technical difficulties. The ratings for this game sucked for two or three months, and later on, after the update that fixed everything, no one really cared and just left it. I understand that first impressions are very important, but now, it is just simply unfair.I recently bought the game, and it ran smoothly without glitches, lags, or force quit whatsoever. The rain effects and textures are all perfect, having walked around, zooming in of almost anything, I would now. It is kept as a constant 60fps even at the highest resolution, with a moderate Graphics card. And as long as you don't overpile your computer, it's going to run fine.The gameplay is even better. There are a lot of modes, with slow-motions woven seamlessly into gameplay. The fighting is fluent and the Batmobile is more than easy to control. Let's go over the main modes:-1 vs many mode: Batman takes on a lot of thugs at once, beating them all to a pulp-Infiltrate a Room mode: Batman takes down many armed thugs one by one, lurking in the dark-Battle mode (Batmobile): Batman uses the Batmobile in the battle mode to take on numerous tanks, dodging shells and shooting tanks with armor penetrating shells-Pursuit mode: Batman uses the Batmobile to chase down and immobilize fleets of high-speed cars and tanks.Aside from those, there are also some other modes that are also extremely awesome (prepare for some jumpscares!). There are some effects that are very eerie, for example (don't worry, no spoilers), some things change when you turn away from it, so when you turn back, everything's different. It contains everything gamers love about the previous Arkham games, added with new, more awesome features like the Fear Multi-Takedown and better interfaces and music.I don't even have a Pros/Cons list because I sincerely can't think of any cons.Last note: if you loved the previous Arkham games, buy this game. If you didn't like or never heard of the previous Arkham games, still buy this game. If you are not even a gamer, also buy this game, it is the best place where you can spend your money."
76561198177991846,Not Recommended,208650,18768299,"Posted: 30 October, 2015",all,J-wolf,so disappointed!
,Recommended,208650,19711193,"Posted: 15 December, 2015",all,Alex Jones,"This game truly ends the Arkham series on a great high note.The graphics and mechanics were as great as I was expecting and even a little more with the seemingly ability to do anything you wanted as the batman.I have heard of many reports of glitches and errors however the only ones I found were ones already present in the other games (e.g. bodies merging with walls). I also did not experience any crashes or frame drops using the batmobile.The batmobile felt amazing to me to use and fluent to drive. The ability to switch from pursuit and attack mode so easily was great. I was expecting the batmobile to be a cheap gimmick to boost sales of the game however, I found my self driving more than actually flying as I was having so much fun with the car. The fight sequences in the car were also great and I felt I won off pure skill.The combat system in this game was just amazing. Being able to just move so much more fluent was so amazing. What also made things great was the increase of special takedowns (Batmobile and enviromental). These made the game fell really fluent but as well make it look really cool. I believe its hard to deny the fighting in each game gets better with ever new release (including Origins), it just makes me sad this is the end of the series. Some of my favourite combat moments were with companions which to me made it feel even more fluent but as well made it look so cool. They truly did much better than expected with that mechanic.Spoiler Warning:The story for me was great in how it presented batman in the continuing struggle between himself and joker. I really enjoyed flying around the city to find the joker sitting and monologuing about something. The ending of the campaign where you run around as joker in a destroyed world that was great and was an absolute find screw at the same time. Ultimately, the story was great with nice little easter eggs from preivous games scattered around the place. My only negative part of the story was with how they dealt with deathstroke. That was soooooo dissapointing. It was so anti-climatic when all it took to take out deathstroke was to destroy the tank. Here was the game creator's chance to redeem themselves of deathstrokes poor portrayl in origins and they just made it into a crappy side quest. The fight sequence should have been the most over the top destruction fest where it truly felt like there was a lot at stake.Ultimately I thought this game was epicly compelling, visually, mechanily and story-whise. The game compelled me to go back and play the older titles and to play it over and over again."
,Recommended,208650,19689905,"Posted: 13 December, 2015",all,Major Witty,"The game was really fun for the forty hours of me stomping all over Gotham. I played game at 5760 X 1080 (NVidia SLI + Surround) and game played smooth and looked good.I left the Riddler for last of the Most Wanted. Now I learn that I am forced find all 200+ Riddler Trophies to fight Riddler in final battle. What should have been optional (finding 200+ trophies) is now forced upon me. I watched the ""full ending"" on YouTube as I just don't want to waste 10 to 30 hours finding all those trophies.I'll seek a refund ($90 USD) before end of year unless the horribly designed Riddler trophy missions are re-worked where it is optional for Batman to get 200+ trophies and I can fight Riddler boss fight. I'm afraid WB or Rock Steady will simply add more missions (DLC) that will force me to do mundane repetitive tasks before I fight the boss.Thumbs up to game though."
,Not Recommended,208650,16647997,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,oliethefolie,Runs like crap on my 770.
,Recommended,208650,24073403,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,Jambaban,"arkham city still the best,but i love this gamebatmobile is the♥♥♥♥♥♥:)overall good5/7sanicccccccccccccccccccccccccccc"
,Recommended,208650,21693082,"Posted: 7 March, 2016",all,Akimbo Slice,"Very good game, aside from the 8gb RAM stuttering on Windows 10 (12gb minimum), I really like the game, aside from the Batmobile Simulator 2015. The story is good, I love Scarecrow. Very good villain. The combat is good. The optimization is very good after patches. Very good game 8/10. Would rate again."
76561198093671745,Recommended,208650,23777500,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,Hams,"IF YOU ARE A BATMAN FAN IT IS A MUST HAVE. Please try not to listen to all the negativity surrounding this game. All I ever saw were negative reviews, wether it was on here or on Reddit, about how the game runs like crap and all it gets is 30fps. All I have to say is, first off, If there are problems with how it runs preformance wise I have seen nothing to support that. The game runs great and in my opinion looks beautiful. However I do have a 970 graphics card so that might help but to me this game is awesome. Story line is amazing, you can play the game as many different batman skins, and its overall just an amazing game. This is one of those times you want to ignore the snobby crititcs."
,Recommended,208650,23777898,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,LunarWolf,"Ok, many people say that this game is still broken. I have found the experience to be just fine on my computer. Mind you I have a base model Alienware Alpha I3 16GB of Ram running Windows 8.1. It can have my texture detail on Normal, everything else on low and it runs just fine. Many will say that it isn't good to be running a game on these types of settings, but it looks just fine anyways.I think that this is one of the best Arkham games. The only issue I have with it are the boss battles. They are very underwelming. The batmobile may have been overused, but it was because it was our only chance to drive the batmobile in an Arkham game, so they wanted us to enjoy that experience. Overall I loved this game and just about everything about it (except the boss battles)."
,Recommended,208650,34440508,Posted: 23 August,all,Puyol,Another good game from rocksteady
76561198033499898,Recommended,208650,23785245,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,[Mr]FancyPantz,Honestly amazing now after all the bug fixes. grab it - you won't be sorry
,Recommended,208650,34234912,Posted: 14 August,all,LOLME,"Batman : Arkham Knight is a sequal to all of Batman games.Like Arkham City,Arkham Asylum and Origins. Basically that is old good fun with stealthy fancy takedowns and alot more! Exclusively it lets you use your Batmobile which is really sick! But the price tag of $30 is not really good for it so you might wanna wait until it goes down to $5-$7.65."
76561197970790112,Not Recommended,208650,16661023,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,Bitze,"runs like with like 5 fps average, can drop below 1 while not even driving, just sitting in the batmobile...my pc can play witcher 3 on high np but not this ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ looking junk."
76561198251372728,Recommended,208650,26540112,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,Burn It Down,One of the best game I've played. I spent hours and is worth every penny and Dan Gay
,Recommended,208650,34825436,Posted: 8 September,all,Marcuz,Batman Arkham KnightThe best and last batman game i will ever playedI love the story in this game and more secrets more content and the DLC is pretty good it was worth it ( complete main story mode first you will get the story after what happens )I like the fighting system in this game more different ways to take down thugs (i like using the baseball bat it easy to takedown)The batmobile was so awesome to use driving around and chasing enemies using rockets to blow up the car it was fun love the guns on it and it scared lot of thugs it pretty funny ( the fun part was going near the enemies with batmobile and electric shock them like flys )The Whole Gotham city was fun to explore you can fly around the city or drive around taking screenshot was funthere were a lot of challenge to do in this game i would never finish it there were too much of it but it was fun trying them out you beat your friends scoreIm Batman......yea that itThe most annoying thing about this game issssss................................RIDDLER TROPHIES ahhhhhhhhhhhh ( well i done it not doing it again ) to complete the game ending is to collect all riddler trophies around the map but it was worth it at the end (no spoilers)I will give Batman 9/10 Im Batman Im Batman Im Batman Im Batman Im Batman Im Batman Im Batman Im Batman Im Batman
,Recommended,208650,34274256,Posted: 16 August,all,愛 Peekajew :3 | xygaming.com,"After the latest updates, I've encountered nein bugs nor lag.Kudos for the developer !"
,Not Recommended,208650,16647854,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,Mooreel,"Many lags, with high end PC. How could this get through QC?Refund requested. Not playable"
76561198074754770,Not Recommended,208650,16726674,"Posted: 26 June, 2015",all,tripledobleu40,"Well, my first review ever and a review from a game i was waiting since they announced it, i even paid the pre-order wich was my firts pre order, and ooh surprise all this happened, i do not recommend this at all, avoid the game, do not work properly, thats it, dont buy it."
76561197971624555,Not Recommended,208650,16647827,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,Lazuke,"This game has not been optimized for PC at all, I'm running this on a i5 3570, 8gb of ram and a GTX 970 extreme (zotac) while i can get arround 36 fps on the witcher 3 with every single setting on ultra (including hairworks) batman is a stuttering fest, FPS dropping to 3 sometimes, which is absurd!If you have the option to buy the console version go for that, if not, at least wait until the game is running smoth on PCs, as it is, i wouldn't get it for free."
,Not Recommended,208650,16660806,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,Synthetic Frost,"I'll level with you. Batman: Arkham Knight was the game I've been waiting for for the last several years. I have a great deal of love for the previous games in the franchise. I was absolutely amazed by the story of Arkham Asylum and Arkham City. As a rampant fan of the 1990's animated series and a well read reader of the comics, I saw and recognized all the little easter eggs and story elements that the Arkham games had drawn from. I am the core demographic that the game was marketed towards. So when the PC port of Arkham Knight released this morning in absolutely abysmal shape, I was more than a little upset. I spent over twelve hours trying to resolve issues ranging from broken Xbox One Controller support to stuttering performance to hard crashes within the first few seconds of the game. I never advanced into the story any more than that.What little I could explore in the game, including the game's graphics options and PC benchmark stress test demo, told me just how poor of a port this game was. At least on the PC. The benchmark frame rate lingered in the low 20's even on the lowest graphics settings on my pretty respectable SLI gaming rig. And when I went to change those graphics settings, I found the options very much lacking. There are only a few changeable settings including little more than resolution, texture quality, and shadow density. The rest of the settings were entirely nVidia GameWorks and Physx settings.To make matters worse, the game's benchmark showed headache-inducing levels of motion blur, film grain filters, and depth-of-field effects that are completely unchangeable in-game. To turn them off, you have to quit the game and go into the game's installation folder, and manually edit the game's .ini file.I was in shock. Arkham City had all of these settings in the in-game menu years ago. This is 2015. I couldn't believe Rocksteady had devolved so much in their historically stellar PC support.Then I saw a developer post on the game's official forums admitting that the PC port of the game was handled ""by an external PC development partner"". Turns out Rocksteady didn't handle the PC port of the game at all.Now... I consider myself an avid gamer. I'm well aware that day one PC releases are just expected to be broken until a few patches iron out things. But... This goes even further. The game performs so poorly on my high-end gaming rig that I am SERIOUSLY considering returning the game and boycotting it out of principle. I never do that, and it guts me to even consider doing that to my most anticipated game of the year... But the way WB handled this... It's just so... disgusting.In truth, the more research I do in my quest to find out what happened with the development process of Arkham Knight, it became more and more obvious that Warner Bros. Studios had a heavy hand involved with the development cycle of the game. I'm not sure the blame can actually be placed on the Rocksteady developers for this one. It looks more and more like the majority of the issues with the game are from the involvement of external sources.Verdict: Do not buy this game until the issues are fixed."
76561198136655695,Not Recommended,208650,16668767,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,Mister.Q,"I was excited when I play this game for the first time. During the loading, I was still wondering why so many people are trashing it. Everything went to hell after prologue. It's just like playing another DLC of the previous games. I saw no breakthrough, no WOW factor, just ""Let's and 1 or 2 more gadgets built in the batmobile, hide some more riddler's trophies, and as many side missions as we can to lengthen the entire game time!"" I can't believe I wasted 100 BUCKS!For those who hasn't bought it yet, don't. If you just can't find a better way to throw away your money, at least wait for the patch."
76561198170181665,Not Recommended,208650,16668694,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,meme man,THIS GAME DOE NOT WORK. i have been looking forward to this game ever since it was annonced but it does not work at all i am soooooo angrey about this.hurry up and FIX THE GAME ALREADY
,Not Recommended,208650,16743345,"Posted: 27 June, 2015",all,panda pine,"bad pc port ... horrible frame rates ... even worst SLI ports ... glitchy and buggy af ,,, who are the pc game testers ? and how the hell did they even allow this to be release ?CPU-I7-4770GPU- GTX 970 SLI X2RAM- 16GB GSKILL RIPJAWMB- ASUS MAXIMUS HERO VIMONITOR- ASUS ROG SWIFT 1440P... how the ♥♥♥♥ am i even hitting like 30 plus to 40 plus fps after i remove the caps lock ... when im getting like 50 plus to 60 on witcher 3 on like ultra without hair works ... wtf is going ..."
,Not Recommended,208650,16660835,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,D-FENS,"I'm a little miffed. In total, I've spent $667.36 on this game. I bought a fancy video card, specifecally so I could play with max settings on launch day. I'd never gotten to experience that with the other three Arkham games, and I wanted to be prepared. Luckily, I found a lot of new favorites to push the card, but all I was really in it for was Arkham Knight. Imagine my surprise when I couldn't bump the settings up, and the lack of options in general. Imagine my frustration when the settings as-is still coudn't keep a consistant framerate. I've never been so let down with a port before, and I never would have expected it given how great the first two were.Intel i5 2500k @ 4.0GHz8 Gigs of RAMGTX 980 SuperclockedIt's not just AMD cards that are wonky, it's all of them. If you bought it, return it. If you haven't pulled the trigger on it yet, don't. Especially don't play it for over the 2 hour window hoping it gets better. It doesn't. Either buy it on another platform or hope that they give us a really, really good patch. Given the shoddy, halfassed work we were given in the first place though, I wouldn't hold my breath."
76561197973734510,Not Recommended,208650,16668790,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,maggotbrain188,"Unfortunately, I had to request a refund for this game since its performance was terrible on a system with an i5-4690 and GTX 970."
76561198205733943,Recommended,208650,34249092,Posted: 14 August,all,LittleFuckBoi,the game is good but finishing the riddles is a bit ridiculus
,Not Recommended,208650,16650320,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,♥ Twohitem™ ♥,Rocksteady/WB have officially lost all hope. This is one of the worst PC ports I've seen in a long time for a franchise as big as this one.
76561198317801213,Recommended,208650,26299470,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,havoc1818,"The game has very good graphics and runs smoothly. there were not many bugs or glitches in the game and it was quite easy to get up speed in there. good tutorials and you didnt get stuck in the game, unless you were solving really hard puzzles."
,Recommended,208650,25787988,"Posted: 30 September, 2016",all,JohnYowan,"I love this game, the controls are easy, the story is interesting, the graphics are great and it's just a lot of fun to play. There are so many things to do and I love the open-world feel.Riddler's car courses are a little annoying, but that was the only bad part for me."
,Recommended,208650,25866620,"Posted: 5 October, 2016",all,EphemeralRag,"Glad to see that they've fixed all the bugs that were present at launch. It works flawlessly at 1440p 60Hz on my GTX 1070.In terms of content, it's a pretty big game with lots of side missions and a long core story.Pretty much a must buy if you're a fan of the Arkham series."
76561198107567157,Recommended,208650,21435135,"Posted: 24 February, 2016",all,th3dud3,"yes, sli is broken, and no, they won't fix it.no, you probably can't play the game @ultra settings and get a smooth stable 60fpsyes, the game does seem like a batmobile simulatorBut dammit, its a good game"
76561198163389275,Recommended,208650,21656333,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,MIRAGES_R9,"The Batman:Arkham Knight is the BEST and WROST game that I ever played.I love the photo mode, it's awesome."
76561197968155096,Recommended,208650,21861856,"Posted: 15 March, 2016",all,Trammel,"Really enjoying the game but I think they went a bit heavy on the car requirements. Having to hold a button down to stay in battle mode, then battle 10+ targets. The track racing was my least favorite in the game. The riddler objectives were MASSIVELY over killed. Didn't bother even trying to finish them all."
,Recommended,208650,21245082,"Posted: 15 February, 2016",all,EƘ,This game has been fixed and is completly fine now I recomend extreamly!!
,Recommended,208650,21104094,"Posted: 10 February, 2016",all,Atoli,I got the game knowing the reviews but it was on sale and figured what the heck. It runs smoothly and I don't have a top of the line pc and most of my settings are on medium. I enjoyed the majority of the main game but I find the forced use of the Batmobile a little tedius at times. I enjoyed the story for the most part and I like how it pulls from several storylines out there.I guess I would recommend it but just remember your graphics settings can make a world of difference and change them as needed for best play experience. There are tons of easter eggs to find and fun conversations to listen in on.
76561198176143625,Recommended,208650,21837108,"Posted: 14 March, 2016",all,16acoffey,"This really is an amazing game.  Its super fun and engaging.  I do find the riddler missions to be tedious as with previous games and the tank feature is slightly overdone, but i'd definetly recomend this game.  It doesn't run very well though, I have 8 gigs of ram and still have to run it at the lowest graphics settings to play so you do have to consider that.  except for the bugs though this game is great.  I would recomend waiting a few months before buying it though, I got it on sale and there are also whispers of a game of the year edition coming out that will run better. but if that comes out or you can get it on sale you don't want to miss it."
76561197965282243,Recommended,208650,26212290,"Posted: 25 October, 2016",all,Hatch,"I've played all of the Batman Arkham games and this has to be the best one.  Arkham Knight brings everything to a grand finale!  This game released on a very rocky start and I was very reluctant to buy it.  After some time I noticed the reviews became positive so I bought it.  This game runs good for me.  The graphics are the best of the series and the gameplay is like the other Arkham games.  The reason I think this is the best Arkham game is the content.  There's a lot more missions and storyline than the others and it'll keep you immersed.  If you get the season pass you'll get even more content and customizations.  When playing the main missions it feels like playing a movie.  They did a good job (after they fixed it) and I highly recommend it.Pros:They fixed it!GameplayRealistic graphicsMusicVoice actingStorylineLots of charactersNew gadgets/abilitiesBatmobilePlenty of content and missionsNeutral:Batmobile missions: The Batmobile is a great addition...BUT, some Riddler missions and some parts where you have to fight/pursue enemies can be a little annoying.  It drives ok and has some fun features but there was a couple of parts where I found myself yelling at the screen ""why do I have to do this?!"".  I say this is neutral because it was the only feature of the game that was bittersweet.  Driving around Gotham and watching the thugs run in fear is pretty cool though."
76561198045973518,Recommended,208650,25482548,"Posted: 12 September, 2016",all,TrilbyMcNab,"After not playing for a month or 2 I decided to give it ago again. Using a i7 4770k at 3.5, GTX 980ti 6gb, 16 gb ddr3 ram at 1333 mhz, on a standard hard drive playing at 1280x720 for couch gaming. I went into the graphics option to find the fog/smoke and paper options for nvidia are by default now turned off with no way of turning them on in game. Still it performs very well at 1280x720 which for couch gaming and being sat at such a certain distance from the screen only the anti aliasing begins to bother me graphically. Why did they not include a temporal anti aliasing option? If someone could enlighten me on this it would be much appreciated.  Thanks"
76561198054281204,Not Recommended,208650,20171444,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,welorak,still almost unplayable due to screen tearing.
76561198005278684,Not Recommended,208650,16651336,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,Ymir,Lazy work from rocksteady.Refund and wait for game of the year edition later.
,Not Recommended,208650,16657221,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,redgrave2007,"And another negative review for overall score.Rocksteady, make this awful blur optional!I can't see anything when i moving."
,Recommended,208650,23427036,"Posted: 6 June, 2016",all,Toaster Oven,"After a solid 70+ hours into the game, I have not experienced any sort of hinderance to performance whatsoever. I get solid frames of 60-55 on a GTX 970. And the story, gameplay, and focus on how batman works and what his limits are throughout the game are top notch 8/8 gr8 f8 m8"
,Recommended,208650,23403425,"Posted: 5 June, 2016",all,rlphtrcy,"I upgraded my rig specifically to play this game, jaw-dropping graphics, incredible gameplay and an amazing story, I know the PC version got alot of bad reviews but if your system can take the beating this is a milestone of a game"
,Recommended,208650,23391458,"Posted: 4 June, 2016",all,Clout Lord,Game- Batman : Arkham KnightRate:8.5/10Gameplay: The game was great but the only problem i had was the lag spikes. Whenever i play the game i get a huge lag and but thats not too big of a deal. Overall would i reccomend this: If you dont mind a little lag spike then u should try this .
76561198087840047,Recommended,208650,31905379,Posted: 22 May,all,Mad_as_a_Hatter,"""Beats waiting for food drops in Arkham City."""
76561198032390238,Not Recommended,208650,21265506,"Posted: 16 February, 2016",all,Warm5Pack,"I have never, ever had a game crash so many times.  I even waited several months after the RE-launch, and after a substantial system upgrade before getting it... and it still crashes every 20 minutes and/or after nearly every death.The writing, however, is good enough to justify renting it on the console of your choice."
,Recommended,208650,29699291,Posted: 4 February,all,MLG | Frostbite,Graphics? On point. Story? On point. Combat? On point.E V E R Y T H I N GisonP O I N T.
76561197970581416,Recommended,208650,30872534,Posted: 1 April,all,MonkeyCombat,"I friggin' love this game.I love action adventure games in open world environments with a simple gameplay (no complicated inventory systems, huge skill trees and ridiculous puzzles). I want to jump right into the action, which is pretty easy to do here. I'm also a sucker for atmosphere and this game had exactly that kind of atmosphere. Arkham Knight is full of content; pretty much any villain i've known was in here and there's plenty of easter eggs for those that are missing.Sure there are some quirks in the game, but they never bothered me. Though i used to play previous episodes on XBOX, it took a little adjusting before i got used to the PC port but i quickly got familiar with the controls. I love it because i can suck at it without other players watching me. I would highly recommend this game to anyone interested in the action adventure genre (like Assassin's Creed, Tomb Raider or Viking).Plus, you know you want to be batman. Or catwoman."
,Recommended,208650,31413338,Posted: 28 April,all,KiwiSmurf,"3hours in, YES YES YESruns like a dream nowstory is great so farcombat flows nicelynothing really to fault"
76561198081299367,Not Recommended,208650,18848232,"Posted: 2 November, 2015",all,Maverick,"Ok, I highly doubt that whoever is reading this has read my previous review.   If you have, This isn't one of those types of reviews.Batman Arkham Knight is not just the greatest Batman game of all time, but the greatest DC or Marvel game of all time.  Almost all of these negitive reviews are just because of the horrible port.  (The game actually runs fine for me, I did lower the resolution a little bit to make that happen though.)Now, if any of you have read WB's latest posts, they are giving full refunds until the end of 2015 no matter how many hours you logged in the game.WB also said if you decide to stick along and let them update the game (I am one of those people), they said they will keep us updated with what they can fix and what they CANNOT FIX...... (00)...... WHAT.No company would ever say that to their fans, which has brought my conclusion and many others conclusions, to the indescribable, despicable, idea.... their giving up.And it's quite shocking to see that there are other games like The Witcher III, and any other game with great graphics on PC, that runs just fine.I will never preorder a game from Warner Brothers or Rocksteady, I will only buy until the reviews convince me, I hope you do that too.The reason I am giving this game review a thumbs down is not because of the game, but because Warner Brothers doesn't deserve a thumbs up. They have put us through almost 3 months of waiting for the game to be rereleased and it still sucks like hell.  Now that is just horrible customer service. You should be ashamed of yourselves Warner Brothers.  No campany ever REreleases a unfinished product."
76561198108015247,Recommended,208650,23191068,"Posted: 24 May, 2016",all,I Follow You,"What can I say about the Batman Arkham game series. Its fun, fast, and enjoyable, and this game is no exception. While having a really bad launch, the game has been fixed for the most part (It still could use an FPS fix).Pros:-You feel like batman-The combat is fun and fast-The Batmobile is fun-Full of funny moments (If you have played the game, you know why)-Really good looking-Great characters-Amazing endingCons:-FPS issues even though I have more than the requirments say is recommended-The Main bad guy (Arkham Knight) is the first person that comes to mind (If you know the comics in some way)-Batmobile is over used a little bit-Sometimes crashes every now and then but not offten-Side missions are a little too distractingOverall, This game gets an 8/10 for me"
76561198043707601,Recommended,208650,23278852,"Posted: 29 May, 2016",all,Reverend Doctor Horseradish,"I'm running a GTX 970, i5 4560p and 16GB of RAM, the game runs at a steady 60fps and I haven't had any issues. WB fixed up the port pretty good as far as I can seeAlso the game is good so check it out, most of the DLC is trash so either wait on the GOTY edition or just pick up Season of Infamy"
,Recommended,208650,20985437,"Posted: 5 February, 2016",all,Disney Jazzcore ⚡,"Batman: Arkham Knight. The final finale game of the Arkham Series. I have enjoyed every single one of the Arkham games starting from Arkham Asylum to Origins and now to Arkham Knight. I wasn't sure that this game would have a good storyline but it turned out to be perfectExcept the ending. I am not a ''spec-head'' per se, but I do enjoy having better graphics and not much shuttering or FPS drops. Regardless, this game has given me an amazing time.Few things I have definitely enjoyed such as:-Storyline.-Arkham KnightRed Hood, Batgirl and Harley Quinn.-Lots of Different costumes.-Batmobile driveable.-Intense graphics.-Lot of fun achievements .-Music, especially the Arkham series music is my favorite. Very; if not mistaken, Orchestral based.-Smooth control over Batman than in Origins.-Enough content.-LOTS of easter eggsI have enjoyed this game completely, by ignoring it's flaws. Yes! the game is bad, Rocksteady ****ed up! but as much as we complain about it the game was amazing.Putting aside the things I have enjoyed and liked a few things still bothered me:-Combat aiming system wasn't the best.-Laggy/FPS drop during Batmobile was always the hardest for me to face.-Each content was rather small except for the Batgirl DLC. That was the best.-Super terrible ending. Kind of a cliffhanger.-Was disappointed that I couldn't see Alfred in person like Origins. That was amazing.So ya I don't have much complains about the game but yes I would say every negative review is a must look and also to have a good laugh. Haha. At the end it is your choice. What would I say? Well, if you want to buy this game but aren't a hardcore Arkham series fan then wait for a super discount and then get it off the sale. Try the base game and then get the season pass. But if you are and you are ready to spend a great amount of cash to get a semi-broken game then sure, go ahead. Either way, Specs doesn't make a difference. It's your luck how the game works. But you will not be disappointed at all.Yes! Recommended."
76561197969417125,Recommended,208650,32538900,Posted: 18 June,all,G00N3R,"This review of Batman Arkham Knight will be shorter than my normal reviews, because the game was released more than 2 years ago, so there’s not much I can add to the conversation at this point. I waited so long to play this game because of its well documented technical problems on launch.But as a fan of Batman – particularly the previous Arkham games, the Telltale adventure, the Bale/Nolan film trilogy, the Gotham TV show, heck I even liked Batfleck in BvS – I never completely forgot about Arkham Knight. I saw it on a 75% off sale recently and decided it was time to take a chance ... and I’m glad I did. I guess the most important thing I can say is that I didn’t suffer any technical problems – no crashes, no framerate drops, no stuttering. (i7 6700K @ 4Ghz, 16GB ram, GTX 1080 8GB vram)The story is pretty good. Batman has arguably the most interesting collection of villains out of all the comic book characters that I’m familiar with, and many of the old favourites return in this game, along with a couple that were new to me.  There’s also more screen time for Batman’s allies, including Robin, Nightwing, Oracle, Alfred and Jim Gordon. Voice acting is superb all around.The combat system is just as enjoyable as the previous Arkham games, especially when you get into a good rhythm of hitting, countering and using gadgets. The variety of enemies forces you to use different tactics from one encounter to the next.My only real complaint is the Batmobile. I’m not a fan of vehicle sections in most games, and its the same in Arkham Knight. Vehicle combat was dull, chase scenes left me feeling like I was doing more damage to Gotham than the actual villains, and you even have to use the Batmobile to solve alot of the puzzles."
76561198005157540,Not Recommended,208650,16723061,"Posted: 26 June, 2015",all,Carnage1707,"What to say that already hasn't been said....I guess just plain old disappointment. I have been a huge fan of the franchise for years and seeing the lack of attention to detail on the PC version of the game is a shame when they told the community that it took them 4 years to complete this game. Rocksteady had four years and lacked the wherewithal to spend some time on the PC version of the game. The disappointment factor is capitalized by the fact that they were boosting about how awesome this game is going to run on PC. I have an FX-6200 and a GTX 980 in my rig with 16 GB of RAM. I should be tanking this game. I feel doubly stupid now because I trusted the development team so much that when I was having problems, I honestly started looking at my rig like…ok maybe I missed something you know but no it is just a studio turning out garbage and charging people full price. I do not understand how you can even state you QAed this garbage. Rocksteady needs to give the PC community something in return for the lack of quality and respect they showed the community. I was a little relieved when other users were having this issue too but then realized that it doesn’t help me actually play the game I paid for. What happened to being proud of your work and standing by your word? The plain disrespect shown to buyers is repeated through actions like this that cause consumers of your product and now other products that may try to release on PC to not trust developers or publishers at all.  So here are the steps you take to actually kill batman and better yet the PC as gaming platform….1.	Hype up your game2.	Illustrate how long an tirelessly you slaved on making this game the best thing ever3.	Offer preorders for your garbage4.	Kick the garbage over the fence as the person leaves you 60 to 1005.	Apologize for the garbage you put out6.	Smile with your bags of money and do nothing"
,Recommended,208650,28033515,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,Whistler,"For all the drama this title in the franchise has garnered, after all is said and done, this has to be one of the best damn conclusions to a series I've had the pleasure of experiencing.Do I care about your hardware problems? No, mine works fine. Gloriously in fact. If it isn't running great on your system then you're doing something wrong. This game has been fixed.Batmobile sequences? Don't like em? Too bad, adapt or die. I was born in 1980, I know about REAL dying in games. The kind that consumed your mind and your now-only-lint-filled pocket as you sought to engage and conquer a new challenge... or challenger. This is nothing. Seriously, you have infinite lives! Remember when that was a cheat code?Expansion stories are short but fun. Every villian is personal. Mark Hamill and Kevin Conroy... best damn performance of the series and one character is already... well play City first. Better still, Asylum first! Mark's dialog is really... good, throughout.I bought this game and recieved the entire series for free. After this final curtain I can say that I was genuinely moved by the various stories in this last chapter of Rocksteady's Arkham Gotham City."
76561198043536881,Recommended,208650,30851773,Posted: 31 March,all,THE GOVERNOR,the game story are excellent but some things i did not  like1- they increase car Missions i prefer playing batman without it2- nigma riddles are many and its bit difficultMy opinion about the DLC stories its not worth it  You will finish them in lees then 2 hours
76561198091577832,Recommended,208650,34154433,Posted: 10 August,all,kokkobill,"Good graphics, nice gameplay, typical plot, solid voice acting, awesome musics, and iconic characters. Basically everything you want from Superhero game. Batmobile brings a nice addition traversing through the wast arkham city.This game would have deserved better launch on pc, but what can you do.. Luckily they patched it.I was cautious when picked this up, but this game feels good.I have played all the other batman games(aa,ac, and origins) out there. If you liked them you probably like this as well.Pick it up before the sale ends!"
76561198008891017,Not Recommended,208650,16688557,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,Spens,"horrible , game crashes , is glitchy and has sound issues"
76561198073790791,Not Recommended,208650,34146356,Posted: 10 August,all,MDD,"The server is not reachable,check your internet connection and click 'retry' ,how to fix this?After clicking Play this happened."
,Recommended,208650,26424010,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,madks13,"So first my rig's specs ;- GeForce GTX 980 Ti- Intel Core i7-6700K 4.00Ghz- 32Gb DDR 4Now the review ;The good :- Nice graphics- Nice story (though with a minimum knowledge of the Batman universe i more or less knew what was going to happen before it happened)- Intuitive car/tank battles- The bonus sotries of other charactersThe normal :- Still the same on foot fighting style- Most of the parts of the game can be done with stealth- Destructible environment (only parts of it are destructible and they are repaired when the player gets too far from them)The bad :- Had only 2 crashes of the game, Both times after having been playing the game for more than 10 hous straight, and the graphic card being heated from that.- The overly expensive price (given the amount of hours it took me to finish the game, with every side mission done except searching the Riddler's riddles, the 20€ i paif for the game + season pass on sale was worth it, but the normal price is too high)- The amount of riddles (200+ riddles to find, the devs are either too stupid or too crazy to have added that many for players to search for)The conclusion :At a lower price this is a nice game to have and play. Never encountered the many problems i read others have in their reviews. Then again it's been awhile, WB probably got rid of most of them. There are a few quirks in the game that i didn't appreciate, but it's nothing game breaking."
,Not Recommended,208650,27760833,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Kettlecheese,I liked all these games but preformance even after the fix is still crippling. it dosen't look that much better. This is the game arkham origins should have been.
,Not Recommended,208650,28959870,Posted: 2 January,all,Reinbert,"Keeps crashing randomly every 30 minutes. Very annoying. ""Render thread exception"". They still haven't fixed it so long after release..."
,Recommended,208650,31342352,Posted: 24 April,all,Mr. Poopy Butthole,"Awesome game and the best Batman game you can get so far. Got frustrated sometimes  but I guess thats just me as I get frustrated very fast. Had no performance issues whatsoever even though I got a warning everytime I started the game  that my videocard driver may be outdated. Couldn't be arsed to do all the riddler stuff and I'm a bit dissapointed that you can't get the ending without doing it.If you liked the previous Batman games from Rocksteady I can highly recommend this one!EDIT: Okay, I was bored so I did all the riddler challenges. Added about 15 Hours of Gameplay. It was sometimes quite entertaining and sometimes really annoying."
,Not Recommended,208650,16669155,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,Katnip,At this point in time for me personally id say save your money. I seem to have fallen into the group of people whos FPS is messed up beyond any saving right now. The game is simply unplayable for me.  Even if my graphics are turned pretty far down below where I would ever play any game at. I dont think my FPS issues have anything to do with my hardware. Im pretty sure it has something to do with the programming. I hope it is fixed soon. Because I really want to play this game. I know the game was just released yesterday. So I am not too♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ ♥♥♥♥♥♥ bugs are going to happen.
76561198188850429,Not Recommended,208650,16670840,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,specialgooseofdoom,"It looks like there is a good game buried deep within the horrendous optimization of this port, but I would recommend against getting this game unless you just really like stuttering when batman does anything but walks.  If they actually fix the game I'll rebuy and review it but for now I will give this all the thumbs in the world down."
76561197963263391,Not Recommended,208650,16669287,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,kiteless,"Played 30 minutes before getting a refund.Totally unplayble on a 980sli, slutter, bad frame rate drops, crashes, glitches, you name it.One of the absolute worst pc ports of all time. Do yourself a favor and keep away"
76561198119628893,Not Recommended,208650,16671724,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,LOOK@B(★)(★)Bs,"I can not launch the game. I waste the time about 0.5hrs for trying to launch the game.I pre-order this game after pre-order is announced, But now it makes me very disappointed.I hope you guys (Rocksteady) release a fixed patch as soon as possible."
76561198019006188,Not Recommended,208650,16671622,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,Randeus,I have managed to get the game to work. What I did to stop the flickering screen was press ctrl alt delete the game screen went from full into windowed mode. I changed the fullscreen setting in the option menu to windowed and borderless in the game this solved the flickering screen problem making the game playable.  Its a great game so far enjoyable but in its current condition I can't recommend it on PC.  The develpoers need to fix the performance issues. I should not have to download new drivers and change frame rate files to play a game. I am not a game developer guys do your job. If something is not ready don't put it out there. These problems are not difficult to solve don't be lazy.  People are going to remember your horror show launch on PC.  Lucky I am good at problem solving. Batman Arkham Knight is a GREAT game with an epic bad launch on PC. People paying full price for a broken PC game is highway robbery and bad business.
76561198077330598,Not Recommended,208650,16672685,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,Chem Dog,Fix your crap optimization...give us a reason to post something positive....
,Not Recommended,208650,17438882,"Posted: 7 August, 2015",all,Talyn856,"Shame on WB, Iron Galaxy, and Rocksteady for putting their names on this unfinished, unenjoyable, uninspired, unplayable pile of garbage.The PC port for Arkham Knight is so broken that it was pulled from Steam days after release.  This review is being posted as a Buyer Beware PSA for when sales are reintroduced.  Given the track record of the Arkham series on PC, I strongly recommend waiting until the finished game is fully tested by people who, regrettably, already bought this rotting turd of a sorry excuse for software.Let's address the elephant in the room, the port issues: frame drops to single digits on an i7-4930K with TWO GTX Titan Xs in SLI.  Totally unoptimized for SLI configurations, the game actually performs BETTER with a single card, and this is the first time I've ever seen that.  Normally, in really bad ports with really bad optimization, you might get only a slight performance boost or no performance boost at all, but in SLI this game performs WORSE.  NVIDIA effects appear broken in certain instances.  Game is hard locked at 30 FPS, which is totally unacceptable for a PC game in this day and age, and unlocking the framerate (or even simply increasing it to the refresh rate of your monitor, whatever that may be) requires editing of .ini files, which the developers advised against.  Apparently doing this can introduce more hard crashes, which I'd normally find infuriating but playable because of the game's decent autosave system if it wasn't hard crashing at least every hour WITHOUT edits to the .ini file.  Texture pop-in is noticeable.  Numerous graphical settings are missing altogether from the menu, and textures have two settings: low and medium.  Apparently this is something they're going to add in later, but the fact that there are no Ultra or Very High textures at launch is unacceptable, especially with how the game performs even on low settings.Even putting all the technical issues aside, the game is disappointing when compared to Arkham Asylum and Arkham City.  The identity of the Arkham Knight is painfully obvious from very early on to anyone with a modicum of knowledge about the DC universe.  The Batmobile overstays its welcome, turning what should have been a stealth combat game in the style of Asylum or City into World of Tanks: Cowl Edition.  The plot is nonsensical at times.  The Detective Mode Reconstruction system introduced in Arkham Origins, one of the real shining gems of that game, is underutilized.Now, onto the little that this game gets right: combat is still enjoyable, provided you're not experiencing a single digit frame drop mid-fight.  The voice acting is superb.  And I'm gonna throw it out there, so SPOILER ALERT: the Joker's in it.  They've implemented him in a way that's very interesting, very well done, and I'm not going to argue with anything that allows me to hear Mark Hamill's amazing Joker in my headset.Without all the issues with the PC port, I'd give this game a 6/10.  But because of the performance issues, completely unacceptable on a $5,000 rig, and hard crashes I experienced, this game's score from me is equal to the lowest framerate I experienced while playing: 3/10.I cannot impress upon people enough the importance of not preordering games.  I don't even recommend buying new releases in the first week, because in my experience IGN, Gamespot, and other video game media outlets can't all be trusted.  The best thing you can do for yourself, your wallet, and the gaming community is to find a few people on YouTube that review games, whose taste in games more or less matches yours.  There are a lot of them, so this shouldn't be that hard.  Wait for them to review it, take their opinion for what it's worth, and make your decision.  Preordering games does nothing but take power away from you.  You pre-load, start playing on Day 1, and by the time you decide you'd rather return something because it's not enjoyable, it's too late for a refund.  This applies to Steam, Origin, and any other online or digital retailer that does not offer full cash refunds for an extended period of time (Gamestop, for example, only offers identical exchanges for opened merchandise.)Stop preordering games, stop putting up with unfinished, broken games that are rushed out the door.  This has been getting worse since KOTOR 2's initial release, and it really needs to stop."
76561198164393008,Not Recommended,208650,16689558,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,SMI,Can anyone say refund?!? Because this game has yet to work on my PC and I've tried several times to optimise it.
76561198123146264,Not Recommended,208650,18754443,"Posted: 29 October, 2015",all,Robin,Could you not ♥♥♥♥ing crash on the loading screen?Thanks.
,Not Recommended,208650,19220965,"Posted: 22 November, 2015",all,evilmustang66,stay away since another patch recently game is worse than before the intial patch thanks wb for lying taking my money on preorder and also still not able to get refund og 90.00 DONT WASTE YOUR MONEY ON WB OR ROCKSTEADY games ever again  this how the batman diedthey cannot do sli for game no support they lost me  triple titan x slithis game is a FFF rated game port to pc
76561198107104646,Recommended,208650,21057424,"Posted: 8 February, 2016",all,Sim,"They really have fixed this game on a technical standpoint. I play at a solid 90fps on a evga gtx970 sc. Temps go to 75degC (I am here in Australia and ambients are around 35degC, i.e. very hot).  I have everything on the highest settings and all options enabled apart from the gameworks smoke because I don't like how it looks. My fps stay above 70 according to the steam fps counter, and I rarely (but not 'never') have stuttering. I also use GSync on a 144Hz monitor, so the fact that it remains above 60fps constantly means it runs butter smooth.The cutscenes drop to 30fps, and with my eyes being accustomed to the over 60fps gameplay it is really jarring.From a story point of view, I love it. One thing rocksteady does well is their story. Music, game mechanics and shear story writing all take my emotions on a run, and I really feel the stress, anxiety and helplessness at times. It really does its story telling in an exceptional fashion. I personally love the end they give to this saga. It really ties up the Rocksteady imagining of Batman.The game looks absolutely stunning. Playing this game and then returning to other games in the series is incredibly telling on how far this game pushes the story. Batman looks awesome, the animations are fluid, the lighting is incredible and the reflections add a depth to the immersion that really is incredible. Going into photo-mode while gliding in the rain, and orbiting around Batman while the droplets remained stationary really took my breath away.I really recomend this game. With over 120hrs on it I have really received my money's worth. It is unfortunate the game was released in such a horrible fashion. I was dissapointed with Rocksteady. It really was unacceptable. Due to that, this game will never really recieve the attention it deserves as it is right now. But in some ways, while the game doesn't deserve it, Rocksteady as a company does deserve to have consequences placed on them. I would rather they have delayed the PC launch than the ♥♥♥♥-up they released. Hopefully they will learn their lesson. This game is amazing as it is now, mostly because it's a finished game and not a ♥♥♥♥ed up beta version with massive technical issues.I would recommend you buy this game."
,Not Recommended,208650,28748770,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,F✯XY,"The game still struggles to maintain solid 60FPS@1080p on a GTX 1070, which is unacceptable. It is beyond me how could they ♥♥♥♥ up so badly, when it's still running on the old Unreal Engine 3."
76561198088812648,Recommended,208650,23198072,"Posted: 25 May, 2016",all,AsianHurricane,"First time I felt obligated to write a review due to the terrible quality of the initial PC release about 1 year ago. I can say without a doubt my  GTX 970 and iCore 7, run this game beautifully at maxed settings! If Rocksteady/WB released this product for PC initially, this game would be 9/10. In addition to zero technical difficulties, the fight mechanics, batmobile, ambient sounds and voice acting were all top notch. If you enjoyed any of the previous Batman games, this is a must buy."
,Not Recommended,208650,31370579,Posted: 25 April,all,Terroriza,"Played a bit and returned, it's just not for me. I really didn't like the combat, it just felt like simplified button mashing and countering everything should not be that simple. I'm not sure if there is a way to turn the icons off, but regardless I would of returned it because no sensitivity settings for the controller kind of blows.Using an i-5 4460 / 8gb / RX 480 @ 1080p, the in game benchmark put me at an avg fps of 120 or so. Maxed settings, shadows normal, motion blur off. There is some minor stutters during combat with lots of enemies. It's not game breaking, but it is annoying. It would drop from 60fps to 25-30 for a second here and there. I'm sure if you have similiar hardware and tweak the settings a bit more you can minimize this some.I wasn't wild about the movement, it felt clunky as I approach the edges of basically everything. This is the first batman game I played, but the controls feel very awkward and funky. One big plus is that the game looks pretty amazing. The combat felt very similiar to shadows of mordor, which I also really didn't like much due to getting very repetitive very quickly. I really wanted to try it because of the great sale price, but it's just not for me."
,Recommended,208650,23527401,"Posted: 12 June, 2016",all,Man1cPsycho,100hours in...still refusing to Incinerate Joker!!
,Recommended,208650,23853979,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,RJPanda,"This game is just beautiful, and the amazing. recomended for those who follow the batman arkham games. its worth buying it full price"
76561198197164130,Recommended,208650,19212234,"Posted: 22 November, 2015",all,shweta.j.philip,If I put aside the bugs and slow start of the game. The storyline is great! I was at the edge of my seat for the main story. The side missions are very interesting. I would highly recommend playing the game!
76561198072016257,Recommended,208650,19241228,"Posted: 23 November, 2015",all,disol1712,"This game is awesome. I dont know why this game gets so much hate, It  is fun and interesting and is on par with Arkham Asylum and Arkham City. Batmobile adds some cool mechanics to the gameplay and story. The game was running very smooth on my rig. Will describe what PC i have and what game settings i've used, maybe it will help someone.So, my rig:CPU:  i7-2600k@4GHz;GPU:  MSI GTX970 Armor;RAM: 12Gigs DDR3@2133MHzHDD: 9 years old (!)Western Digital  HDD with 7200 RPM;OS: Windows 7 pro 64-bit.I started to play game version downloaded on 9th of November. Please note  that i closed all background programs except Steam and BAK. (You want to play this game smooth? Pls close Pronhub and Youtube and torrents, guys c'mon!)I ran this game on Nvidia driver v.355.82 (not last) and havent messed with .ini file or third-party tweak programs for BAK.Game settings i've used:Resolution:1980x1080V-sync: OFFMax FPS: 90Texture Resolution: HighShadow Quality: HighLevel of Detail: HighFilm Grain: OFFTexture Filtering: Anisotropic 16xAnti-aliasing: off (without it i have 78-110 fps all the time, so just experiment with it)Motion Blur: OFF (who need dat s h i t anyway?)Chromatic Abberation: ONInteractive Smoke: OFFPaper Debris: OFF (these two are causing the most stuttering)Enhanced rain: ONEnhacned Light Shafts: ON.I've noticed that stuttering in this game was caued  by Smoke and paper debris! Turn them off and you good to go!Also note that for some weird reason forcing Anisotropic Filtering from Nvidia Control Panel also caused some stuttering (for me anyway) so try experimenting with it or set it to 'Application Controlled' as i do for this game. Also set Power Consumption in NVCP to 'Max Perfomance' isntead of 'Adaptive'. It also helps.So with PC and game and system settings mentioned above i got no CTD, almost no stuttering at all (once or twice after 3 hours of gameplay and it quickly vanished) and trully great game experience.I hope this helps.Batman Arkham fans will LOVE this game.10/10 Will ask about DETONATOR again!"
76561198093693340,Not Recommended,208650,17755415,"Posted: 28 August, 2015",all,Dovahkiin,"Never again will I purchase a Warner Bros. product. Knowingly releasing an unoptimized game. This is just a terrible port from console.They promised a patch in August, and now here we are September 2nd still nothing. In the meantime they have time to release DLC for console. Not worth the money; unplayable.Why was this game ever available for Pre-Purchase?!! if they knew it was a bad port from console?o yeah thats right to rob people of their hard earned dollars. Thanks for the respect you showed the pc gaming community willing to support your product (NOT)."
,Recommended,208650,19326275,"Posted: 27 November, 2015",all,zakufa782,"The game itself is great, but it is better to play on console, the reason is obvious."
,Recommended,208650,25457924,"Posted: 11 September, 2016",all,LegACy,"This current version is very, very playable on my rig with GTX 670 :DAnyway, if you're looking for a tighter Batman game similar to Arkham Asylum, you unfortunately won't find it here. Arkham Knight takes the Arkham City formula and refines it even further. Instead of the open world as a hub to get to the playable levels, the open world is the level itself, with loading screen nowhere to be found.And don't worry, Joker is in the game and his dialog is better than ever!"
,Recommended,208650,25588309,"Posted: 19 September, 2016",all,Mitty03,"i5-6600k @ 3.50HHzGTX 1070 8GB16GB RamRunning the game maxed out at 1440p at 90 fps, ignore the negative comments this game runs just fine"
76561197971467729,Not Recommended,208650,16708628,"Posted: 25 June, 2015",all,olympia,up to the area where they have the bad guy with blades but i have to hold one button and pull away from his attacts to counter them.  Be good if that worked or i could just use the attacts ive used up till that point.  why put that♥♥♥♥♥♥in a game.
,Not Recommended,208650,16728677,"Posted: 26 June, 2015",all,Emboarclvx,I cant even launch the game....
76561198132917162,Not Recommended,208650,16728668,"Posted: 26 June, 2015",all,Nebula366,"Most of my one hour of playtime was simply to get the game to the opening menus without crashing and flickering. Then my system could barely manage 20 FPS, despite being at the lowest settings and 720p. Normally I don't give games bad reviews for bugs, and I'm sure the game itself is excellent. However, I believe this review is justified considering that the port was outsourced to a studio that already had a bad reputation, Iron Galaxy. I do believe that WB Games did the right thing by suspending sales, and I may come back later. Until then, I'll just take my refund. I am incredibly disappointed by both WB and Rocksteady."
76561198072571548,Recommended,208650,17239980,"Posted: 26 July, 2015",all,Look a distraction,"look this game is a little broken on PC but im rating the game based on its story and gameplay.when you can get the game working it holds up pretty well, the mechanics are improved heavily from previous arkham games and the story isnt as deep as arkham city but it keeps you going, if you like batman theres tons of easter eggs and collectables to find in this game."
76561198221285316,Recommended,208650,22883107,"Posted: 9 May, 2016",all,Godspeed,Good story line!
76561198005271335,Recommended,208650,28953755,Posted: 2 January,all,Pale Dolphin,"TL;DR:The best Batman game so far that had a really rough start.The TL;DR basically says it all --Arkham Knightisthebest Batman game that has been released so far. But I'm writing this review in early 2017, a year and a half after the initial release, and oh boy, did it have a problematic release!Game was riddled with bugs to the point of no return (or at least, it seemed so). You know how every Ubi game comes out in a totally unplayable condition? Well, this one even worse. FPS dipped on top PCs, game-breaking bugs were preventing players from progressing, most of the cutscenes missed animation, and driving the batmobile was plainly painful.Looking at the game now -- it's a true marvel (no Marvel pun intended). Game runs smooth on low to mid-tier machines, and on high-end it looks fantastic (solid 60+ FPS on GTX 1060 on Ultra settings). Fighting is as good as it gets in Arkham games -- if you loved it in Arkham Asylum, Arhkam City and Arkham Origins (I do, for instance), you'll love it here as well.Driving around the Gotham on a batmobile deserves a special mention -- it's just amazing, how seamless and perfectly fitting driving that supercar is in this game.Overall, I'm still playing the game and I haven't finished the story yet, but as for now, I really like it, and if you're a fan of Batman franchise and you were repelled by the bugs at the launch of the title, feel free to try it now. Chances are, you'll like it a lot.I'd rate this game9.2 / 10.0, and would definitely recommend it to people who enjoy Batman or action games in general."
,Not Recommended,208650,28950802,Posted: 2 January,all,Acu,"Keeps freezing, not constantly..but I'd say every 30 mins.Sucks cuz I really enjoy this game & story.Specs:i5-6500GTX106016GB"
76561198216554139,Not Recommended,208650,18896595,"Posted: 5 November, 2015",all,wayneharding045,"Starts off ok but after about 15 to 20 minutes of playing the FPS count is woeful to say the least, its just about unplayable and ive got a top end rig, so much for fixing the issues. Granted they have addressed some problems with it, but not the main one. Its ok them saying they will give a refund to customers, but i for one just want them to fix the port, it surely cant be that hard to fix. And i still think they had a cheek asking 35 pounds for a season pass. If you ask me it should of been free due to the wait for the game to be fixed, but alas is still unplayable after a few minutes game time. I really like the Arkham series of games, but i can not recommend this game due to its bugs."
76561198136880085,Recommended,208650,24917142,"Posted: 14 August, 2016",all,Hiro,"Awesome game, really interesting storyline showing an evolution of character and teaches many life lessons! 10/10."
,Not Recommended,208650,16692440,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,TheChobe,A ♥♥♥♥♥♥ game developed by a team of drooling ♥♥♥♥ing ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ under an equally ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ publisher.
76561198062504376,Not Recommended,208650,16832105,"Posted: 1 July, 2015",all,Elder Price,"I'm pretty sure that Batman Arkham Knight is a great game. In fact; I have seen many videos of it and it seems like an amazing game! But unfortunatly; the PC port is awful. I can't even play the game! I would not recommend getting this game until it gets fixed. This is my first game on Steam that I had to get a refund for. I hope Rocksteady, Warner Brothers, and Iron Galaxy get their games together."
76561198010586827,Not Recommended,208650,16745065,"Posted: 27 June, 2015",all,Scarecrow,"For this review i will put the technical issues away, since they are well known.As you may know, you are against Scarecrow this time. You might have seen some clues about him in Arkham City, that gave it away.The game looks good despite its problems, and combat is as good as always. The batmobile is a cool addition but you get forced to use it pretty much through the whole game, wich make it not so cool anymore. Some things might fun, but it's too much of it honestly.But the one thing i dislike the most is how the missions and the places you are takes place, the city is big and it's like you don't get the oppurtunity to savor and really look at things like you did in Asylum and Arkham City. The missions are kinda progressed all over the place. I hope you reader know what i mean, i love batman but i guess i had too many expetations for this. Hopefully things will get fixed soon, my rig can run it fine on around 50-60fps but someplaces it will drop down to 30 and even 20 wich hurts my eyes.My rig is nothing special:16g ramGTX 680Intel I7 4770k 3.50GhzWin 8.1"
76561197974223841,Not Recommended,208650,16819612,"Posted: 30 June, 2015",all,En Vie,"I loved all the earlier games, they had their faults, but they were easy to over look and i could actually enjoy the game... sadly that is not the case with this game.I played through the Harley story and found that it was damned near unplayable due to stuttering, lag, and control issues due to the lag i felt throughout the game.I honestly would like for nothing more than to get my money back for this poorly made console port, but that would mean i would lose all the preorder items i got with my purchase, and that i would lose out on it. so unfortunatly i'm stuck with thie expensive broken piece of crap in my library until it gets fixed.Graphics: 3/10 (would be 10/10 if not for the framerate issues, lag, and jittery screen while moving)Controls: 9/10 (the controls are pretty solid when the game would register what i was doing. This was made difficult with lag.)Enjoyment: 0/10 (I play for story which is so far the ONLY reason i am playing this. I found myself more frustrated with this horrible excuse of a port. This is on the PC for crying out loud, You should not have this issue unless you intended to have it.Replayability: 0/10 ( as of right now... Yea, Hell no)Overall experience: 2/10Do not waste your money on this until they fix EVERYTHING wrong with it, and yea, that'll take a long time."
,Not Recommended,208650,16736071,"Posted: 27 June, 2015",all,"I get it, you vape","There's not much to say which already hasn't been said about this game.I might be part of the lucky ones, if you consider someone being lucky achieving close to 60 FPS every once in a while, but with major stuttering every 10 or so minutes. The game doesn't look to be stressing out the video card so much (GTX 970), however it suffers from a huge memory leak, something you'd usually experience when the VRAM is busted or you simply don't have enough RAM on your PC (which isn't the case, at 8 GB, while the game only takes about 4).It's a lazy port of an awesome game and by the looks of it, it will remain so no matter what tweaks we can come up with, until it will get fixed by a proper patch.Since I've preordered it, I haven't applied for a refund and kept playing, since I've accepted the risk of an awful port beforehand. I appreciate that WB has suspended the sales, however, thinking at the hassle PC gamers have gone through so far with this, I do expect..1) A patch that will properly and permanently fix the awfulness.2) Part, if not all available DLCs for free, to make it up for their laziness in QAing this game"
76561198081869354,Not Recommended,208650,16730836,"Posted: 26 June, 2015",all,chasinggeek,"I would love to tell you about the game, but it would run. It would drop all over the place. I heard alot about the batmobile stuff, how people got that far is beyond me. Demand respect as pc gamers!"
,Recommended,208650,22597700,"Posted: 23 April, 2016",all,Wesley,"TL:DR is the game is good enough to warrant a purcahse if you think you can run it and if you enjoyed the previous entries.So let's get the obvious out of the way - this game had an utterly unforgivable launch. I will not buy from Rocksteady again. The only reason I had to purchase this game was the investment I had in the universe itself.NEGATIVES:- Tank warfare... Like really? Weak.- Major boss fights end up being car fights, utterly ridiculous.- Performance issues, regularly skips frames- They ruined freeflow and combat in general. By adding ridiculous amounts of enemies who you can't just up and attack, they make maintaining flow almost impossible. On top of this, the prioritizing for which enemies you attack (i.e. the game assumes I intend to instant takedown a brute instead of an unarmed goon) is also botched. I will try to disarm and destroy a shield and end up attacking someone with a baseball bat. Just in general, the combat has taken a huge step down in playability, enjoyability, and flow.- FEAR takedowns are way too important. I get it, Batman has a new gimmick. Don't make it a necessity for stealth.- Instead of locking a Riddler cutscene to his quest line, the actual story's conclusion in its entirety is locked until you 100% all the default missions. Including 240 riddler trophies...- DLC is very short, but because I bought this so long after release, I felt the lower price was fair.POSITIVES:+ Still an Arkham game. The story, as botched as the intro is, ends up being fairly fun. It's no where near as good as City or Asylum, however.+ Batcomputer data is fun to read, even though it isn't as extensive as City's batcomputer data.+ The batmobile is actually pretty fun. It's just not the right game or universe for the kind of combat they shoehorned in.+ Voice acting is, for the most part, on par with the other games. It's not phenomenal, but it doesn't distract.+ The batmobile riddles are mostly pretty good. Some are cheap as hell though. I spent twenty minutes working on a riddle only to discover I needed an upgrade that is unmarked and unmentioned by anything, and you only get it by doing certain riddles - but that's not enough for me to consider them all bad.+ You can play, provided you have the DLC, as a lot of characters in AR mode (new challenge mode)+ Dual team combat is a blast. I wish they had focused more on this than FEAR and batmobile combat. They could have made the game co-op with a little more work.+ Graphics are superb when the game isn't dropping frames+ Satisfying ending mission, use youtube for final cutscene (which is less satisfying to the point of being frustrating)All in all... Lots of mixed elements here. Overall I think I got my money's worth, but I'm really invested in the franchise. For someone who just wants to play an Arkham game, I suggest City."
,Not Recommended,208650,25577648,"Posted: 18 September, 2016",all,Enigma,Dont buy this garbage. It crashes during the first cutscene and wont even let you skip it. And yes I meet the recommended specs
76561197972729524,Recommended,208650,25293586,"Posted: 1 September, 2016",all,Perus_TC,I recommend w\Caveats...I have had an OK time for the 3 hours I played the game.The controls are better and the graphics are industry standard.I am just not motivated at all to finish the game which doesn't happen to me with the Batman series.I can't put my finger on the problem either except to say it's just not much fun for me.For those who have had a great time with it congrats....sorry to say I am not one of them.It's not bad .......just not GOOD!  5\10
,Recommended,208650,31210863,Posted: 17 April,all,ApexBlue,"Great Game.Huge fan of the series and this game is the only game I have ever pre-ordered in my life for that reason.Was I a bit disappointed at launch? Yes. A little.But I played it anyways at a 'just barely tolerable' 20 - 25 fps becasue I enjoyed the story, the characters and ""Batmaness"" of this game.Judging the game:9/10 (minus one becasue of exessive batmobile, but other than that it's near perfect)Judging the quality of PC playabilty:7/10 (they've fixed a lot since launch and with a decent PC it's finally a lot better than ""tolerable"")"
76561198080084913,Recommended,208650,33081296,Posted: 1 July,all,Corey_wolf99,"How do I explain this,This game is for the hardcore batman arkham fans who dont mind putting up with constant bugs and crashes. I am running this game with a 4th gen intel core i5 and gtx 1050ti and all I get are contstant problems. Dont pay full price for this game get it on sale or if you have a console and want a good experience just play it on the console. Grate game but its a shame rocksteady trusted a 3rd party to build the pc version of the game.Hate how my first ever review is a negative one for my favorite game ever."
76561198257895823,Not Recommended,208650,18794912,"Posted: 31 October, 2015",all,zachmorgan75,The game won't even open or laet me play it.
76561197989530596,Recommended,208650,25396923,"Posted: 7 September, 2016",all,-_-,"After a terrible launch, this game turned out pretty good.Side missions might feel grindy tho"
76561197983049674,Recommended,208650,25414175,"Posted: 8 September, 2016",all,Vulpes_Inculta,"An epic conclusion to the trilogy. No technical problems on my end, runs smooth as ♥♥♥♥."
76561198201126374,Recommended,208650,23475326,"Posted: 9 June, 2016",all,PhonoBlade,"Very diverse storyline, this has got to by far the BEST interactive adaptation of any superhero i've ever played. This series overall has set the standards of Superhero video games as a whole. Rocksteady really outdone themselves on this one."
76561197985493194,Recommended,208650,35312234,Posted: 29 September,all,Dilligaf,"When it comes to story and gameplay this game is perfect but it eats memory and disk usage.When exploring the game you will experience micro stutters and even when using the batmobile you will drive too fast for the game to load the textures.70% of the time this wont happen but when it does you will scratch your eyes out, on the third island the lack of optimisations was very noticible with constant stutters.The game overall is great but the technical problems are too big to notice.i5GTX 1060 6g8G Ram"
76561198142962972,Not Recommended,208650,30371757,Posted: 7 March,all,aaron0103,I purchased this game but had to get a refund partly because the support team suddenly seemed to disappear. The requested a few files from my PC to help diagnose an issue and after 4 days I had no further contact so wrote another email saying I'd like to hear from them withing 24 hours or I request a refund. 24 hours passed so Steam has refunded me. My advice to any prospective purchaser is do your research and read as many reviews as possible before purchasing this.
,Not Recommended,208650,28961119,Posted: 2 January,all,Trevor,"Background: I played through all of the previous Arkham games and I had a blast every time. I stayed away for Arkham Knight due to the disastrous launch with poor performance and 30 FPS lock, dumbed down gameplay and a lot of worthless DLC content.Right now, this as far as Arkham Knight will get in terms of performance with the 30 FPS lock removed and the overall stability, however, it's still far from a good port. In terms of visual, the game still demands way to much from your system for what you get in return.I don't think the gameplay was changed in any way after the launch. The Arkham games are fun to play, however, Arkham Knight's use of the batmobile in race/puzzle/battle segments felt annoying most of the time due to horrible controls of the car, no real puzzles and a lot of boring tank battles.After finishing the story I started going through the 6 DLC character stories, however, this dissapointed me again with each of them taking 20-40 min to complete and most of it not being enjoyable in terms of gameplay.This could've been the best Arkham game, the one that would end what started in Arkham Asylum. I still would not recommend this even for a low price due to poor optimization and annoying gameplay."
76561197990974205,Recommended,208650,31207472,Posted: 17 April,all,one9Delta,loved every part of the game
,Recommended,208650,31282235,Posted: 21 April,all,PeasantFarmer,Not buggy anymoregreat gamewell worth the purchasebad launch has been fixed
,Recommended,208650,33558826,Posted: 15 July,all,Jetpackpenguin,While making the game WB said : Let's make a tank/car simulator. Oh and the bat's there too
76561198068659693,Recommended,208650,21042309,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,ShaDoW_Asunder,"So far I like it. It is not at all optimized well, which forces me to use low settings; crossfire is also currently a no go. It may crash at odd times, however, the game auto saves after completing something."
76561198011251087,Not Recommended,208650,18854591,"Posted: 3 November, 2015",all,Zeek HeLa Cell,"Hitches badly when driving about in the batmobile, really kills the fun."
,Recommended,208650,25182624,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,Luqsoft,"Just finished the game and i can safely say that this is the BEST Batman game to date.1. Storyline is worthy of a Hollywood movie. In my opinion, it's a better story than Christopher Nolan's Dark Knight.2. Vast, open world filled with an unbelievable amount of quests to do.3. Mechanics are fluid and smooth especially the fight mechanics. Makes♥♥♥♥♥kicking such a satisfying experience.4. Batmobile/tank is FREAKING AWESOME.It's like the developers took Arkham City (which was a great game already) and gave it a few tweaks here and there to produce an even better game. So yes people, THIS is the Batman game that we all deserve.10/10 SUPERB"
,Not Recommended,208650,19811356,"Posted: 20 December, 2015",all,Ofect,Batman Kart 8
,Recommended,208650,22019778,"Posted: 24 March, 2016",all,m1croN,"Perfomance is good. I get stable 80-90 fps on my gtx 980 with everything maxed out.The game itself is great, must have for all Arkham series fans."
,Not Recommended,208650,18852289,"Posted: 2 November, 2015",all,sunny_muffinz,Batman: Arkham Refund
,Recommended,208650,20273040,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,Swift_B73,"Finally Rocksteady has pefected the game. This is the best game in the franchise. Awesome gameplay even if the bat-tank can be a bit repetitive (but i still enjoyed it), decent story, and incredible graphics.So far the game really delivered it's best for me, and i can't wait to see what comes next from WB Games surrounding the DC franchises. Also next time WB, just be patient with the PC port, i'm willing to wait 2-7 months after the console version releases."
76561197988445850,Recommended,208650,16654517,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,Akulio,"I'am very sorry to downvote this. Great game and a horrible port. Second for WB games this year including MKX. No negative to Rocksteady, people have to realise they had nothing to do with the porting.Editing review, great patch. Fixed everything for me. Now it is the game we deserve."
76561198028692077,Not Recommended,208650,18804653,"Posted: 31 October, 2015",all,germmaximilian,No SLI support! I can't play the game with only one of my GPUs. SLI was working back when the game released in June. Put it back in the game already!
,Recommended,208650,18866595,"Posted: 3 November, 2015",all,Takua,"Plays fine on my laptop with an i7-4240HQ, GeForce 960m and 16gigs of RAM.I was ready to refund it if it stuttered like crazy or whatever people have been saying but it was smooth the whole time I was playing it and it looks beautiful as well."
76561198118402002,Recommended,208650,20245998,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,WretchedZen,"tl;dr:This game runs fine for me, and has done so since launch. I love it, and I think it serves as a best-in-class for open world game design. It really is a shame that such a fantastic game has been (justifiably) overshadowed by its PC release.Without commenting on the framerate or other technical aspects of the game, since they seem to be affecting everybody differently, let me just say that this is likely my favorite game of 2015.Like the previous Arkham games, this game provides a vast array of different gameplay opportunities, and moves between them frequently. This include the series staple freeflow combat and predator encounters interspersed with open-world exploration, and then adds new gameplay types provided by the batmobile; batmobile pursuit/races, batmobile combat and batmobile stealth combat (sounds weird, but it works).Expanding on these gameplay systems is a dedicated 'partner' mechanic (LB with Xbox controller). In the open-world, this means the batmobile is always one button press away, while in certain combat and predator scenarios, the partner button switches control between Batman and one of his allies (Robin, Nightwing). It's always seamless, always awesome, and further extends the types of gameplay the game provides.This diversity in style prevents the typical open-world monotony from settling, but be aware that if you don't like the sound of some of these gameplay systems, you may be better served by more focused experiences that specialize in, say, only the stealth combat.Onto broad design, most sandbox games ask the player to look past certain level-of-quality transgressions, such as janky animations or gaps in geometry. Arkham Knight provides a sandbox without any of those caveats; Batman connects to every foothold, ledge and high wire with incredibly polished animations, and without any geometry clipping. This is an incredibly well-polished game. The landmarks and key structures in the city are designed to be unique and iconic enough to allow the player to navigate the environment without the map, and the burrows of the city each have their own personality.From the fantastic storytelling that uses camera tricks and player expectations to create some truly memorable moments, to the diverse array of gadgets and enemies, this is a fantastic game and it's really a shame so many people are having issues running it comfortably.It's also beautiful. Forgot to mention that.-------------------------------My tech specs:Intel i7 477016GB RAMGTX 960 4GBSSD storage... probably why it ran well."
76561198116246133,Recommended,208650,20941954,"Posted: 3 February, 2016",all,Sleeping dog,"It runs perfectly on my 4 GB 980 Nvidia.But, it was really sad to see they forgot about Stereo 3D VIDEO support here.The battle system is more interesting and looks more real here-the enemies can grab you from behing in any moment when you are busy beating someone, no matter what. In all previous parts they were too polite to interrupt you waiting untill you finish.I bought it only cause of Rocksteady. I hope this game will be not less greater than 2 previous made by these guys.The first impression:Battle system-very good improvements.Visuals-AmazingSound design and music-perfect fitVoice actors and dialogues contents-like 2 previous parts-pretty goodMotion capture actors-sorry I don't buy it (some moments are repellent-real people would never act like that)The story-fine.Map and level design-Perfect!WB play DOESN'T WORK-can't get my bonuses. I can live without it.Was amazingly surprised to find that now you can finaly interact with the yelling inmates when they are inside their cells. I just slammed a grid with one's head, walking by his cell... unexpectedly. Thank you for that! Rocksteady, I love you!Also you can talk to every cop inside and outside GCPD. I think you can talk to every non hostile creature here. All dialogues are perfectly voiced!"
,Recommended,208650,17218239,"Posted: 25 July, 2015",all,Carpenterbator,"In order to hype myself up for the finale of the Arkham series, I was reading comics and watching animated batman movies all year. I thought I'd get burnt out and eventually would lose hype for Batman: Arkham Knight. I was glad to be wrong because hands down, this is easily one of the best games I have ever played in my whole llife despite its shortcomings. Sadly those drawbacks are not easy to ignore.Batman: Arkham Knight starts really slow in comparison to the climactic event we experienced with Arkham City but it slowly and progressively turns to be a masterpiece that I will always appreciate. I cried rivers to the story and I can safely say it used one of the best narrative techniques I have seen in the video game medium. Not a single comic gave me goosebumps aside from The Killing Joke as much as this game and even that was referenced. So many references to different Batman mediums.The game asks a lot of questions and gives out many theories to the characters we always loved. It also showed a lot of heartfelt moments between a lot of characters that are always in the series. I really loved the developers's choice to take a lot of brave decisions regarding the story in this series. Arkham Asylum is still my personal favorite, but this game really puts a whole other meaning to ""finishing touches"".I really loved every second of the game, but it is time to address the minor annoyances to me that may have been quite major to the rest of the players and I completely understand that it is our right, as gamers to receive a complete copy devoid of any performance or graphical issues. The quality of the game is in fact, very low for the PC version. I'm afraid that I have to admit that it is a bad decision to buy this version and preferably move to the console ones. On the other hand, for me at least, I figured I'd take a lucky shot in the first 2 hours of the game and hope for a game breaking bug that would push me to refund it. However, the performance issues started a bit later into the game and I stuck with it. The screen would freeze for me when there is a lot going on, sometimes when batman opens a door, I would wait for about 5 minutes for it to load the next screen. Sometimes when I'd grapple I'd find myself on the other end of Gotham City in the blink of an eye. All these are minor annoyances to me since I was mostly entranced by the story.Now that I've addressed the issues that prevented a lot of players from thinking twice about playing it, it is time to head onto my experience or opinion of the actual game. I loved the campaign, it really made me feel like there was a lot to do and despite me doing side missions, I was never distracted from the main story. The only side mission that I didn't feel obligated to do were the riddler trophies. Then we'd move onto the popular opinion between those that favor the batmobile and those that hate it. I generally dislike driving in games and being the batman, I feel more involved with the character if I am gliding around and overlooking the whole city instead of crashing into signposts and civillians, only to find them respawning later on. It felt uninvolving and I found it funny that every cop car I crash into, they'd apologize to me. Now onwards to the batmobile in Battle Mode, that's a whole different story to me, to which I wholeheartedly enjoyed fighting in the batmobile. Which really puts me in the middle between two opinions.Combat is the same as previous games and there are a few skills here and there, but alas, I felt that I played with the batmobile for more than half of the game that I didn't feel it was necessary to upgrade my skills that much. Upgrading my batmobile armor was more essential and sure enough, I beat the game without the need of using combat on foot as much. I easily recommend Batman: Arkham Knight and I don't recommend the PC version. I think it is humble of a developer to apologize for their shortcomings in a port but at the same time, it is pretty weak to do so. I'd rather you buy the console version. Regardless I'll leave my thumbs up here because it is that good.http://mouseandcontroller.blogspot.com/2015/07/batman-arkham-knight.html"
,Recommended,208650,17049612,"Posted: 14 July, 2015",all,2 BIG,Looks like dip and dots 10/10 g8 game
,Recommended,208650,17184100,"Posted: 23 July, 2015",all,Mr. Kabuki,"Great game, everything works great for me, no issues at all!"
76561198093034257,Not Recommended,208650,17109200,"Posted: 18 July, 2015",all,AmbroseQuinn,Terrible for obvious reasons!!... But what is even more terrible is that Steam will not give you a refund on this item just because it has been over 14 days!!! I would understand why if it was any other game but we arent expecting a fix on this till around September time and STILL no refund!!
76561198135664097,Not Recommended,208650,17360817,"Posted: 2 August, 2015",all,Soke,Can't even load in the game
,Not Recommended,208650,18451652,"Posted: 12 October, 2015",all,Mortadablo,POS don't buy can't play it at all game runs like crap no matter what you have the graphics on!
,Recommended,208650,28483750,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,Drginix,fun
76561198048385877,Not Recommended,208650,19059060,"Posted: 13 November, 2015",all,BBR_BLUEY,Perfect game...................Traded in for fallout 4!
76561198051432115,Recommended,208650,25548307,"Posted: 17 September, 2016",all,Allergic Peanut,used to hate it they fixed it now im happy get it on sale!
,Not Recommended,208650,25541710,"Posted: 17 September, 2016",all,RUN!BITCH!RUN!!,can't even open the game
,Recommended,208650,24838686,"Posted: 12 August, 2016",all,therock9378,I love this game one of the best I have ever played!!!!
76561198056904792,Not Recommended,208650,21913990,"Posted: 18 March, 2016",all,c9ner,"Thought it would be better after the HORRIBLE initial PC release. They were supposed to patch it and fix optimization issues and bugs, among other things. Just fired it up for the first time today, played a very short amount, and already had to quit because of lag and stuttering. If this is the game ""patched,"" I can only imagine how bad the optimization and performance must have been when it initally released. Still borderline unplayable unless you have an absolute BEAST PC rig. Even then, you can probably only play it on medium because it requires a ludicrous amount of vRAM.NOTE: My PC Specs are nearly identical to what is ""recommended"" and I could only play the game on the lowest settings, and even then experienced very noticeable lag throughout my short venture in Gotham City and extreme, unplayable lag in certain areas and cutscenes."
,Recommended,208650,19628235,"Posted: 11 December, 2015",all,dimeraRaven,"This may not be a popular opinion, but I found this game to be the best of the Arkham series.Now, Asylum was awesome and City was incredible, but I found Knight to be overall more enjoyable than those two games.Origins gets a lot of un-necessary hate in my opinion, that is a good game but it wasn't as good as the two games that came before it, nor the game that came after it.The story of Knight was pretty awesome, I loved how dark it was and I really enjoyed the introduction of the ""Arkham Knight"" as an antagonist. I avoided all spoilers before playing the game when it finally got re-released on PC and thank goodness I did. There was several little twists and turns that I did not expect and I loved that. I hate playing games where I find the storyline or the outcome(s) predictable.I would 100% recommend this game for anyone that is/has been a fan of the previous Arkham games.Now, if someone was to play the series for the first time, this is the order in which I would suggest playing them:Origins -> Asylum -> City -> Knight."
76561198056205589,Recommended,208650,33970086,Posted: 2 August,all,Sumac,"Закончил прохождение Batman: Arkham Knight.Игра вызвала противоречивые чувства. Есть ощущение, что разработчики не знали, что им делать с новой игрой и в каком направлении её развивать, поэтому части игры оказались весьма неравноценны друг другу. Но обо всём по порядку.Графика игры хороша. Город, в отличие от стерильного и безжизненного Готэма в АО, выглядит очень красиво, атмосферно и типично по-Рокстедивски детализировано.Теперь о плохом, о сюжете (осторожно, содержит много спойлеров и НЕГОДОВАНИЯ):Сюжет, пардон, но полное фуфло. В нём есть много классных моментов, но они связаны между собой, максимум, зубной нитью. Когда пытаешься подумать и разобрать сюжет, сразу становится понятно, что сценаристы особо над ним не думали и в угоду классным сценам абсолютно забили на вязность и логику.Например, как Самый Великий Детектив проспал прибытие в собственный город целой армии?Вся заваруха с Джейсоном - полный маразм от начала и до конца.Бэтмен потерял Робина и уже через шесть месяцев завёл себе нового ""приёмного сынка"". Молодца!!Джокер прислал Бэтмену кассету с убийством Джейсона и что сделал Самый Великий Детектив, который может по видеосъёмке обнаружить отпечатки пальцев? Ничего. И правильно. У него есть новый сынуля, ну а старый...помер и помер.Когда Барбара застрелилась, что сделал Бэтмен? Стал проверять тело? Просканировал её? Не-а. Поверил тому, что видел. И ничего, что перед этим по уши вдохнул газа Пугала, от него глюков не бывает, не-а, вон, Джокер в углу, подвердит. :В)Концовка - отдельный разговор. Такое ощущение, что у сценаристов кончились чернила в ручке или заряд батарейки в ноутбоки и они как смогли на носовом платке набросали, что-то отдалённо похожее на завершение истории. Джейсон спасает Бэтмена. Зачем? Почему? Бэтмен взрывает своё поместье, но есть новый ""Бэтмен"". Кто? Зачем?Ну и, конечно, пара слов по поводу Джокера.Я понимаю, что но считается самым главным врагом Бэтмена, но имейте же совесть. Я АК его было в несколько раз больше, чем в АА и АС. Парадокс. В игре, где Джокер уже мёртв, его ещё больше, чем при жизни!!Я понимаю, что хотели, так сказать, окончательно сделать трибьют прошлым играм, тем более, что АК была последней игрой в серии для Рокстеди, но можно было это сделать, создав просто хорошую игру и без сюжетных вывертов.Вобще весь сюжет с клонами Джокера - не пришей козе рукав. Непонятно, зачем он нужен и в принципе игра могла бы обойтись без него. При этом я не могу сказать, что Джокер получился плохо - он великолепен в этой игре, благодаря её я стал ненавидеть его ещё больше!! Но это тот случай, когда в угоду классным моментам пожертвовали целостностью и стройностью сюжета.Вобще, есть подозрение, что разработчики поглядывали в сторону Метал Гир Солид, когда делали сюжет. Аркхэм Найт так и вобще почти вылитый Грей Фокс + Ликвид Снейк. Я практически ожидал, что для финальной битвы он подъедет на шагающем танке и будет кричать, что-нибудь, типа ""Father! I've been waiting for this!!"". Кроме того, в игре есть куча сюжетных вывертов притянутых за уши, ненужная смерть одного из немногих женских персонажей и куча битв с дронами. Жалко шагающих танков среди них не было, впрочем, был Риддлер в экзоскелете. Но если в МГС, во всяком случае в первых трёх, был ещё какой-то смысл, то в АК смысла нет в принципе. Сюжет прыгает от одного эффектного момента к другому, но без особой связи и логики.Теперь о геймплее.Боеую систему подтянули - она стала ещё лучше и Бэтмен, хоть и быстрее, но бьёт ещё жёстче. Но особых инноваций в ней нет. В АО добавили новых врагов-ниндзя, в АК их убрали и добавили медиков, собственно на этом значительные изменения в боёвке закончились. Всякие довески, типа системы страха и прочего - это всё как-то ни к чему не обязывает. Кроме того, ещё в игру добавили возможность играть за двух персонажей в некоторых сюжетах, но использовали её очень редко.Есть впечатление, что Рокстеди боялись что-то менять в боевой системе или добавлять каких-то более интересных врагов. С одной стороны желание не испортить боевую систему в последней своей игре понятно, с другой - если бы не Бэтмобиль, то игра была, по сути, ""повторением пройденного"".Насчёт Бэтмобиля - играть за него очень классно. Управление за него поставлено выше всяческих похвал. Но, очевидно, что не имея ни малейшего понятия, как им развить идеи из Сити, разработчики заткнули Бэтмобилем все креативные дырки. Паззлы Риддлера? Часть из них решается Бэтмобилем. Битвы с боссами? Бэтмобиль. Некоторые побочные квесты? Бэтмобиль. Из-за этого иногда складывается впечатление, что вроде не в игру про Бэтмена играешь, а в какой-то неплохой, но вполне себе заурядный боевик от третьего лица.Насчёт паззлов стоит сказать особо: давно не получал такого удовольствия от решения головоломок. Наверное, со времён второго Портала. Я бы с радостью поиграл бы в игру, которая состояла только бы из них.Битвы с боссами, наоборот, расстроили. Рокстеди ""профукали все полимеры"" в этом отношении. Казалось, АО показало, как можно сделать классные и зрелищные битвы с боссами, но вместо этого Рокстеди решили, что ""нафиг"" у нас есть Бэтмобиль, и пусть один из лучших рукопашных бойцов в мире ДС сражается с боссами на танке. А если не на танке, то пусть это будут просто битвы-ролики, как с Рыцарем. У разрабов даже хватило наглости потроллить игроков на этот счёт в конце битвы с Дэзстроуком.Единственная нормальная битва с боссом - это Риддлер, как не странно. Видимо, Рокстеди смекнули, что не один нормальный игрок не станет собирать трофеи Риддлера при первом прохождении и потому сделали ему нормальную битву, понимая, что для большинства аудитории именно он будет последним боссом в игре.При том, не так чтобы Рокстеди не могли сделать нормальные битвы с боссами: в Сити были классные битвы с Ра'сем и Соломоном Гранди, но в АК они решили, что танковые сражения - это ""наше всё"" и всё.Вобще, как уже говорилось, финал игры откровенно уныл в плане сюжета. Но он ещё уныл и в плане геймплея.Финальная битва - это сражение против Джокера, которое, по сути, QTE. И всё. Никакой битвы с Пугалом. Даже в ролике не дают ему съездить по морде. Действительно похоже, что разработчики не могли в креативность, когда дело не касалось Бэтмобиля. А жаль.В общем, игра получилась очень странной. Я хотел даже дать оценку отдельно за геймплей, отдельно за всё остальное, уж больно геймплей сам по себе хорош, но, как оказалось, для получения лучшей концовки надо собрать все трофеи Риддлера...это была последняя капля, после чего я решил, что не буду оценивать сегменты игры отдельно и оценю её целиком.Итого: 4- из 5.Рокстеди, в последней своей игре серии Аркхэм, не смогли поднять планку. Вместо улучшения боёвки за счёт новых врагов и более интересных битв, сунули в игру Бэтмобиль, который превратил Бэтмена в какой-то футуристичный ГТА. Вместо нормального сюжета, какой-то непонятное месиво, которое и концовкой назвать сложно. Вместо симулятора борца с преступностью в живом городе полном жителей, в очередной получили пустой город, населённый исключительно бандитами.Эту игру нельзя назвать неудачей, но это явно не ""достойное и великолепное завершение серии"". Скорее, весьма странный и незавёршенный набросок, который при более продуманном подходе действительно мог бы стать шедевром.*****************Мой рейтинг серии Аркхэм:АА - лучшая игра серии, лучшая атмосфера, локации и геймплей.АО - лучший сюжет и классный геймплей.АК - отличный геймплей, но игра испорчена бесмысленным сюжетом и некоторой вторичностью.АС - размазанный сюжет и не самая удачная попытка ускорить геймплей.Вобще, для меня серия Аркхэм, выглядит, как серия упущенных возможностей, которая развивалась не в высоту, а в ширину. По сути, единственной стоящей инновацией в серии было добавление открытого мира в АС, после этого эволюция серии остановилась. А очень жаль - с такой шикарной основой, как в АА можно сделать гораздо более интересные проекты.Будет интересно посмотр"
,Not Recommended,208650,18328701,"Posted: 4 October, 2015",all,Griffin,https://www.change.org/p/give-batman-arkham-knight-season-pass-for-free-to-every-pc-gamer-who-already-own-the-game-on-steam-and-refund-those-who-already-have-it?recruiter=191870471&utm_source=share_petition&utm_medium=copylink
76561198020340987,Recommended,208650,31866620,Posted: 20 May,all,Nᴀɴᴏɪᴢᴇʀ,I personally appreciate the people and the great effort they put into this awesome game.
76561198059187073,Not Recommended,208650,24818109,"Posted: 10 August, 2016",all,Phase,It crashes at launch and apparently a lot of players are still having this problem...Pls help
76561198015337264,Not Recommended,208650,28800891,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,Rhev,"Garbage.  Pure garbage.Previous installments let the user feel like he was batman.  This one makes you feel like you're constantly fighting with your UI and constantly reminding you that you're just a frustrated user with a mouse and keyboard trying to kludge batman, or more often, the batmobile, through a series of innane tasks or driving scenarios.Skip this, just replay Batman Arkham Asylum or City again."
76561198062140618,Not Recommended,208650,20941596,"Posted: 3 February, 2016",all,dkns,"Compared to the slow framerate of the PC port, and Barbara Gordon in her wheelchair.......Barbara is a gold medalist Olympic athlete."
,Recommended,208650,20618265,"Posted: 18 January, 2016",all,Red Phoenix,"I haven't experienced any problems with the game even on the release (860M videocard on a laptop and 960 on a desktop). Yes, batmobile was less than perfect, but it wasn't a gamebreaker for me.Storywise game is not on par with its predecessors, but still very interesting. I spend 50 hours on the main story (just one mission - dreadful Riddler idiocy skipped), and I haven't touched DLC yet.I would recommend this game. Not perfect, but a nice finish to one of the best game series of our time."
,Not Recommended,208650,18734859,"Posted: 28 October, 2015",all,Shephard,"Do not take the risk of buying this game on PC. I have finished this game back in July 2015. From the other reviews I have read over 4 months, they are totally reasonable with their frustrations and anger with this game on Steam.Personally, I am disgusted by the fact that Batman skins like Justice League 3000, Adam West and 1960s TV series Batmobile skin are still exclusive to the consoles. I have waited for 4 months and really wish to play this game once more as Adam West Batman but I cannot 'be the Batman I want to be' without the skin. Even the price of the game is still ridiculously high including those of individual DLCs like Batgirl: A Matter of Family which is a 30-minute content at a high price.If you really want an open-world game to enjoy, I recommend The Witcher 3 and Metal Gear Solid V: The Phantom Pain as they are oustanding choices and Batman: Arkham Knight remains a piece of trash to the PC community. Once again, do not purchase this game. You will be taking the risk of begging for a refund and you may not receive it."
,Not Recommended,208650,34143937,Posted: 10 August,all,kurle,"I got the same error as everyone else, ""The server is not reachable."" I tried different tips for about 10 minutes and none of them seemed to work. I want my money back :steamsad:"
,Not Recommended,208650,16751429,"Posted: 27 June, 2015",all,rossjwmitchell,"Gameplay is good for me although performance is poor (without the framerate cap I get arround 15-60fps with the average being arround 35) and graphical effects appear to be missing, game is also capped at 30fps for some reason, was fine after changing the fps cap in the config.My system specs:I5 3570k@4.8GHz16GB of ramNvidia Geforce GTX 780tiA fast intel SSD and a few harddrives (was running game from ssd)This game was ran using windows 7 and a 1440p monitor"
76561197998975206,Not Recommended,208650,30402643,Posted: 8 March,all,Gentleman Mastermind,"You know what I love?  Batman.  You know what I hate?  Racing games.  You know what I got when bought this Batman game?  One long, horrible batmobile race.  I hope the people at Rocksteady that thought this was a good idea were fired."
76561198213169583,Not Recommended,208650,31380488,Posted: 26 April,all,Twitch.tv/BI66ER,"PC Version:Downloaded the 50GB Premium Edition while on sale, TWICE.First time the game was running and crashing at start-up, so I figured the install was corrupted.Installed a second time and same thing occured. Verified game cache and closed any programs that might still be conflicting with the boot-up, but problem still persisted. My computer meets the requirements, I have a Geforce GTX 1080Ti videocard. I know this game had issues when it first launched on the PC. Looks like thos issues still persist.Requested a refund."
,Not Recommended,208650,25524477,"Posted: 16 September, 2016",all,Spychosis,"The game is not well optimized, but I found that by turning on the PhysX rain you can get a few frames per second if your CPU is a bottleneck. It requires way too much tweaking and the game has the fewest graphics options out of all the Arkham games. You can't listen to the specs the devs set out--this game devours RAM. So tips to help are to make sure PhyxX rain is on and the draw distance is low and you can avoid 90% of problems, but it still runs poorly compared to other games. The story was not as good as City as well--it has some twists that are really just there to ♥♥♥♥ around the audience more than anything. Also WBgames is the worst publisher in the world that constantly overlooks the PC crowd. This game is one in a long line of games that have had problems--from MK9 that had to be tweaked just to run at all, to the original Arkham that forced you to mess with Games for WIndows Live that maybe would install properly, maybe not. To the last MK game that has dropped PC support and Arkham City that had a bug that erased my 60 hour save. I implore you to get this at a huge discount to make it worth your trouble if you decide to get it at all."
76561198066531495,Not Recommended,208650,22511278,"Posted: 18 April, 2016",all,SimplexNoise,"It's almost been a year, thye've probably fixed it by now, right? Nope, in an hour of gameplay it crashed 4 times."
,Not Recommended,208650,20945175,"Posted: 3 February, 2016",all,vansdan,"Do I recommend this game? Absolutely not. After waiting patiently for months for a proper patch to a game I spent $90 on, I decided to just get a full refund in December.The game is great, from what I could gather, but do NOT purchase on PC, unless you have a $1500+ rig. I will be rebuying second hand on PS4 after the GOTY comes out. Shameful display, Warner Bros."
76561198020018180,Not Recommended,208650,34140478,Posted: 9 August,all,Smoofy Smoof,"I got the same error as everyone else, ""The server is not reachable."" I tried different tips for about 20 minutes and none of them seemed to work. As much as I hate to say this about Rocksteady, this game is garbage."
76561198095151225,Not Recommended,208650,24754000,"Posted: 6 August, 2016",all,Southern,"Dont listen to the reviews here. This is a trash console port. Unless you have a card that has over 4GB of Vram, you will not enjoy this game on any setting. I have a 3GB GTX 780 and this game constantly drops in the 30s with everything on normal.Edit: This game is trash. They fixed nothing. All the fanboys can make all the excuses they want."
,Not Recommended,208650,18718241,"Posted: 27 October, 2015",all,Egoy,This game was a pile of crap on release and after 4 months of poor communication and no info we get halfhearted thanks for reporting bugs.  Don't buy games from publishers and developers who don't give a♥♥♥♥♥♥about their customers. Buy something from somebody who deserves your money instead of this piece of crap.
,Not Recommended,208650,24726085,"Posted: 5 August, 2016",all,Overkill,"No SLI support, brilliant idea.My Score - 1/10"
,Recommended,208650,25324902,"Posted: 3 September, 2016",all,AngryPotato17745,"Game seems to be fixed. Worked very well on my Laptop. Combat is smooth and snappy, the batmobile handles well, and gotham is a lot of fun to explore. The story is a 8.5/10 IMO. A must have, especially if you enjoyed the other games in the series."
,Recommended,208650,18439739,"Posted: 12 October, 2015",all,Night Druid,"100% with 131 hrs on record.Batman: Arkham Knight is the finale to the Arkham game series from Rocksteady Studios.It has a sense of finality and builds on the revolutionary Freeflow fighting style with powerful new moves  and enemies. It expands on Arkham City’s open world with a larger, detailed Gotham City, introduces a new fully playable Bat-Tank and makes it an aggravating part of the action and puzzles.  The game brings all of Batman’s closest family of Gotham superheroes and rogues together for an amazing finale.While the mystery of the identity of the Arkham Knight fails to surprise comic fans, there are other surprises to fall back on that kept the story engaging.Several strong performances gave it personality: the monotone voice of John Noble makes the most eerie and yet emotionless version of the Scarecrow seen in video game form, Mark Hamill returns for some glorious, darkly hilarious posthumous Joker lines as well as reenactments of some of the most famous scenes in the history of the comics.Of course the definitive Kevin Conroy stars as Batman yet again. Here and there, a few cheesy, awkward lines pop up, mostly in the side quests, but the same is true of nearly any game of this size.The size of the map is significant. We’re now free to explore three islands of the dark and intermittently stormy Gotham City, which is given character and color by its many  landmarks like the Chinatown district, Wayne Tower, and Ace Chemicals. The areas are beautifully detailed recreations from the comics.The city has been evacuated again, which conveniently takes the graphics card intensive inhabitants of Gotham to safety outside of the playable area. The streets are far from empty, however. They are livelier than ever thanks to vastly increased populations of criminals, both on foot and engaging in high-speed pursuits with the GCPD.The animation you get from countering them when they try to run you down is hilarious.Nananananananana BatTank!The Batmobile can be remote-controlled, which makes it a semi decent addition to Batman’s environmental puzzle-solving toolbox. Need to be in two places at once to trigger two switches, or to sneak up on enemies who’ve got you cornered? No problem just blast them with supposed non lethal rounds...The Batmobile can be summoned almost anywhere on the islands of Gotham, leading to a fantastic move where Batman dives in as it zooms to him.The gimmick is that when you hold the left trigger, the Batmobile swiftly turns into a slower but highly maneuverable Battank that you use to blow up battle drones...This is about as un-Batman an activity as I can imagine. He’s a hero known for using his fists, his non-lethal gadgets, and his wits to defeat his rogues gallery of villains since his parents were murdered by a gun, and yet here he is, a knight in futuristic BatRobocop armor, blasting away with guns galore.Supposedly, the tank automatically switches to non-lethal ammo when targeting humans but what about running the humans over? Most people would die from being hit by a Tank at speed...Rocksteady’s obviously aware of this, since more than one character comments on how it’s not his style.Batman: Arkham Tank!Tank battles are far from fun.I do like the idea of having hostile drones telegraph a visible line of fire where they’re about to launch a shell.It allows for more awareness of enemies that are attacking from off camera and lets you avoid them.It gets slightly aggravating when heavy and flying drones are introduced, but to balance it you’re given secondary weapons, such as EMPs and missile barrages, to counter them.Tank battles are nowhere near as interesting as the improved brawling and predator-style fights.Riddler and puzzles!Tank mode plays a big role in puzzles too, thanks to a grapnel winch that pulls things down for you.Tank-based platforming puzzles are awful. While the Battank is maneuverable and can strafe, driving up a narrow ramp is still frustratingly clumsy.CombatMeanwhile, Batman’s signature strike-and-counter brawling and stealthy predator fights feel better and smoother than ever. They’ve been upgraded with dozens of powerful and interesting new mechanics and subtle tweaks that give us more to experiment with and master. Some of the new moves feel overpowered at first. In brawls you can pick up a dropped baseball bat or club, which gives you a few seconds worth of bashing through shielded or shock-baton-wielding enemies. In predator fights the surprise multi-takedown move knocks out up to five unsuspecting targets at once and the voice synthesizer gadget can lure thugs into traps in predator fights.The increased number of enemies in play and new types, like the huge gatling-gun brutes and the medic (who can protect his allies with electric fields and revive anybody you’ve already knocked out) balance it out well. Also, being hunted by thugs who use denial tactics like firebombing ground vents, controlling hovering drones, deploying landmines, and detecting you if you use Detective Vision for too long made me change up my habits and targeting priorities.A few flashy fight scenarios in the campaign and side missions let you team up with an AI-controlled Robin, Nightwing, or Catwoman, and use them to execute some awesome dual-takedown moves that knock out any enemy instantly and temporarily swap you to control of your partner (while maintaining your combo count). It doesn’t add much mechanically, but fighting side-by-side with a sidekick is a very Batman thing to do. These climactic showpiece fights let Arkham Knight get away with almost entirely dropping the gimmicky boss fights that ended up as low points of previous Arkham games. In a way it’s a let down that there’s no direct physical confrontation with most arch criminals, but nothing is sometimes better than something annoying.Citizens of fear!The campaign is complemented by a ton of mostly excellent side quests built around stopping villains like Two Face, Penguin, Firefly, and of course The Riddler. Each mission series has its own gameplay style.The Riddler, has a mix of his typical riddles and rage inducing Batmobile race courses which you have to race through while extending or retracting pieces of track or obstructions, moments before you plunge to your doom or crash and explode.Two-Face’s crew robs banks, putting a timer and various rules on predator fights.These twists can include Detective mode jammers, an alarm stopping the gang from hearing you.Man-Bat requires listening for his echolocation screams and then performing aerial takedowns to make him take hisanti-mutant bat medicine.The Arkham Knight’s Watchtowers and checkpoint mercenaries generally require either a good beating or a predator style of gameplay. For some, this may be enjoyable as its more of what makes Batman so awesome.it's easily worth another dozen hours of variety-packed gameplay.AR challenge fights also exist which include racing and tank battles and increase replayability.If this is in fact the last Rocksteady-developed Batman game, the series will end on a bitter note for some.The PC port upon release was broken, buggy, unfinished and badly optimised for some steam users.While I was lucky and only encountered a few glitches, it was still enough to ruin my enjoyment of the game.Like Two-Face, I am split as to what I really think about Arkham Knight as a whole.The addition of tank combat clashes with everything Batman stands for.However, having access to the Batmobile for the first time gives us a new world of possibilities for interacting with Gotham City. Arkham Knight is a mixed bag of disapointment and glory on almost every level.Verdict:5/10 (launch)7/10 (Patched)"
,Recommended,208650,22763271,"Posted: 2 May, 2016",all,(Strai),"★★★☆☆A decent game, but more of a final cash in on the Arkham series, than the ode to Batman offered in the first two.  The only truly new feature here is the Batmobile, and it makes the overall experience worse.  Arkham City recommended over Knight.Likes:+ Impressive smoke and water graphics+ Bigger, taller, and more interesting city+ Improvements and additions to combat and stealth+ Destructible environments, but only to the Batmobile+ GCPD is a neat collectibles hub, though lacking a Batcave+ Online scoreboards make AR challenges a bit more interesting, though the highscores are blatantly hacked, with top combos of 30,000 to 1,000,000,000+- The new non-FPS tunnel/grate outline system is a bit strange, especially since you can't see yourself highlighted under the floor+- Graphic performance comes and goes, sometimes hitting the 90 FPS cap, other times falling below 60Dislikes:- Gadget swapping is more intrusive, instead of more intuitive- Alternate Batmobile skins break the game by disabling combat mode- I find it strange that Batman can use bats (and other enemy melee weapons)- You get very few upgrade points from the main story, mostly from side missions, and most upgrades require multiple points.  This makes progression feel slow and unrewarding.- Various minor bugs throughout the game- The freeze grenade is on a random table?  Rather uneventful gadget acquisition- Dear Batman, stop pausing my adventure every 5 minutes to facetime with Alfred- The slowmo cinematic cam is absent on most final takedowns- Combat sounds like you're smacking somebody with a soggy toaster- Environmental takedowns seem very picky about when they'll work, almost random- Batman's walking is now locked in the direction of the camera.  In Arkham City you could walk towards the camera, cool guys don't look at explosions- The controls for sliding and detective vision were nonsensically changed for no reason- Hit X 5 times for grappling boost?  If anything, this should have been reduced to once- SMAA is the only AA option.  Its blurry, mutes details, and doesn't effectively fix jaggies.  Chromatic Aberration, another blur filter?  Film Grain, yet more distortion?  Its like they don't want you to see the graphics.- Adaptive vsync doesn't work properly, and tries to sync the game to 30 FPS.  The point of adaptive is to only sync above the monitor's refresh rate- The normal ending of the story is unsatisfying, it feels rushed, if not unfinished.  The first additional ending doesn't help whatsoever.  I haven't unlocked the final final ending yet, as it requires collecting 100% of the universe.- So, let me get this straight... They went through all the trouble of adding combat systems and combo animations for 2 people, but didn't bother adding actual multiplayer/coop?  And sidekicks aren't even available in free roaming.  GG, Rocksteady, GG- I hate the new art style, and am not sure why it was changed.  The new batsuit looks like a cosplayer's attempt at making ironman-batman, by taping random bits of plastic to a tracksuit.  All of the villains look worse as well, the main villain looks like a cosplayer of the keyblade wars.  The Arkham City costume is the best batsuit design of all time, and shouldn't have been scrapped.- Endless TazerMedics in the endless AR modes, like Iceburg Lounge, are gamebreaking.  Though they are a nice addition in most normal modes.- The Batmobile (tank) is more of a hindrance than anything, its like a persistent escort quest.  It isn't well integrated into gameplay flow.  Its combat isn't well thought out or balanced.  It isn't fun to drive, partially because it feels 2x too slow, and shooting mechanics don't work on a controller.  If it simply had some automated systems, autopilot, autolocking on tanks, and countering missiles with Y, like you can in melee combat, perhaps it would have felt more a part of the game, instead of a quickly thrown in, barely functional minigame, that constantly plagues main story progression.  Batman can infinitely sprint, dodge, counter, use his gadgets, etc, but the Batmobile has a cooldown on every one of its equivalent features.  It feels like an afterthought, and I never once found myself using it, unless required for progression.  You know what the Batmobile's most useful feature is?  Slingshotting you into a super glide, so that you don't have to use the Batmobile."
76561198033074013,Not Recommended,208650,34157762,Posted: 10 August,all,bostaroth,"After playing the first 2 games and hearing such great things about this one, once it went on sale I knew I had to buy it! Being a review junkie, I noticed the pc optimization issues in the negative reviews, but it didn't seem like too much of an issue. Or potentially something that has since been resolved, or even people with sub-par systems trying to run a graphically intense game with optimistic settings. Unfortunately none of which were the case.I wish I could delve further into the gameplay aspects of this game, saying ""it's a great game with optimization issues"" or something. But after an hour of tweaking settings both in and out of the game (per recommendations via forums of people with similar issues), I decided I should just cut my losses and refund the game before the 2-hour deadline takes that option off the table.I will say though, the game is gorgeous. My pc is fairly high-end, running any other games around mid-high settings usually around 100 fps, which at first seemed to be the case here also (besides the 60fps cap), but after gliding around Gotham for a little bit I noticed some frequent stuttering. Ok, no big deal I guess. Then came the bat mobile. Wow. As soon as higher speeds are reached in barmaid highly involved vehicle the stuttering made the game near unplayable.A quick internet search will inform you that these issues are not only common, but have been a major problem since day 1 of the pc release, even promting a temporary halt of sales and a mass refund to anyone unfortunate enough to purchase this sloppy console port. I would have still kept it if it looked like a patch was in the near future that could resolve some of these issues, but I don't think that's the case.Batman may be the hero we need for superhero games, but this isn't the hero game we deserve."
76561198055568360,Recommended,208650,34900439,Posted: 12 September,all,Vengeance,Pros-Great graphics-Tons of side missions to keep you busy-Thrilling story line-Many skins-Can ride the batmobileCons-No multi graphics/SLI/CROSSFIRE support-Joker is always there-Slight stuttering in-game-Limited use of other characters in game-So much skills and gadgets which makes it hard to remember allOverall this game is great! I hope the sequel would be better.
76561198093066935,Not Recommended,208650,34136250,Posted: 9 August,all,mondotheburg,"Won't launch at all ""server not available"". The link to the fix is no longer valid."
,Not Recommended,208650,23883628,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,Neckless Sheep,That game still isn't very well optimized.
,Not Recommended,208650,34139533,Posted: 9 August,all,China is my City,recenrtly bought the game cause it was on sale. Now i cant even run it. It keeps saying The server is not reachable. WTF..
76561198006216948,Not Recommended,208650,35326234,Posted: 30 September,all,Padpaw,"I waited 2 years to buy it, hoping the massive amount of bugs and flaws would have been fixed by now.I am roughly 2 hours in and I have hit about 40 game breaking bugs.  To the point I constantly have to restart just to progress.  This game is still♥♥♥♥♥♥2 years after release.I paid 10 dollars for it and I feel it's worth at best 5 dollars.  It is a broken mess still.  you will be frustrated, annoyed and possibly angry at how much you are forced to play a very specific way.  That is not even mentioning the constant bugs.Such gems include the batmobile randomly getting stuck on nothing and refusing to move,  The main gun on the batmobile randomly do no damage diruing missions where the whole point of the mission is to deal damage with it against enemy vehicles.Batman freezing in place in the middle of combat, controls randomly stop responding and require a restart, that fixes it 50% of the time.It is a broken glitchy mess, I suggest avoiding at all costs if you have yet to buy it."
,Not Recommended,208650,25658492,"Posted: 23 September, 2016",all,Heckler,"They FIXED the PC version of the game I heard people cry...Yeah... right... It only took them about 18 months... they could and should have written it from the ground up in that time.So as I saw it on sale for a very cheap price... I thought I'd try it.Oh dear... oh dear indeed.Whilst they have fixed the stuttering issues, they haven't fixed what is a very flawed game.It's so short, it's so simplistic... it's so obviously aimed at gamers with short attention spans and a basic lack of understanding what good game mechanics actually are. It's a mediocre console game at best, as a PC game far, far, far below mediocre. The actual core game is very basic, and the very repetative side missions offer nothing new except the batmobile and some tanks to fight.But the biggest gripe is the sheer number of times it crashes... which is roughly 40% of the time you play it. Then there's the graphical glitches, which on my ASUS R9 290X Shouldn't be an issue, it's sure as hell powerful enough and got more than enough memory... and that's another thing. My system uses on average 2 or 3GB of memory, games on average (even the hungry ones) use 2-4GB.... Arkham Knight uses a whopping 8GB of the 16GB I have installed... and that's RAM, not video memory. This game is really, really, really bad optomised. It's one of the worst ports of a game since GTA IV... and you all know how bad that was... if you don't, read up about it and how Rockstar tried to defend the game by saying it was designed to run on hardware that hadn't been invented yet... I nearly wet myself when I read that... In fact I bought the game from new and built a new system just for it and couldn't play it for 3yrs until I built a new one, and even then with a crossfire graphics setup and CPU that didn't exist when the game was made... it still ran like a bag of sand on tar paper. It was only on yet another build in early 2015 that I finally had a system capable of playing it at a sensible frame rate with all the graphics turned up... as I should have been able to do 7yrs earlier.Anyway... I got sidetracked... back to Arkham Knight... and it's a shame about the game because the rest of the series offered you something more than this does... they should have left it as a trilogy rather than polluting the franchise with this.It's worth it if you can get it for £5-8 as it'll give you a few hours of distraction... but any more of that is a criminal waste of money that could be better spent on something good... like toilet paper, because this is a steaming turd."
,Recommended,208650,25554559,"Posted: 17 September, 2016",all,Am1r,Has more content then any other batman game <3
,Recommended,208650,18174272,"Posted: 24 September, 2015",all,Death from Above,glitches are not as bad as everyone says or i lucked out and its working better on my computer but still one of my favorite games to the day.
76561198098665503,Recommended,208650,24674632,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,i prevail,"BATMOBILE , BEN AFFLECK , CHRISTIAN BALE , HARLEY QUINN , JOKER , JASON TODD , ORACLEDAMN KIDDO JUST BUY IT !!"
,Recommended,208650,23893544,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,Rhadz Noviant,"Ignore the bad comment from the first release the game months ago... this game trully the masterpiece... the combat is fun, the world is really jhuge and beautiful, and the most i that i like is the batmobile section  9/10"
,Not Recommended,208650,25577349,"Posted: 18 September, 2016",all,optimist.jl,Don't buy ever. Apparently they decided this was good enough. You'll be very lucky to get a few continuous hours of playtime without it crashing.
76561198065334627,Not Recommended,208650,17003787,"Posted: 11 July, 2015",all,darkshores87,"Probably the worst release of a popular franchise i have ever seen. I would say wait until they patch everything up, dont waste your money yet"
,Recommended,208650,25063454,"Posted: 21 August, 2016",all,Bigodon99,"Simulador definitivo de batima, quem discoda é clubistaFoi sofrivel, mas eles arrumaram o jogo no PC e hoje vale apena MASTER comprar"
,Recommended,208650,25594815,"Posted: 19 September, 2016",all,Azthall,"Performance seems to be the biggest issue discussed here,So I want to share some data and observations on current state of the game;(For TLDR; see ""Conclusion"" below)-I'm running it onGTX970 + i7 6700 3.4ghz + 16gb ram.-All settings are maxed except for the NVIDIA enhanced light shaft & rain.-Running it on 1080p resolution with 60 fps straight without any fps drops or hiccups.-Never experienced a crash so far.As for the game itself:The Good:+ Best batgame in terms of openworld variety and fun.+ Batmobile (DO NOT JUDGE IT BEFORE YOU TRY - I was so sure that I would hate the car but the controls are so trivial and fun that it actually turned out to be the best part of the whole experience)+ Best batgame in terms of gadget UI and menu user friendliness in general.+ All the good things inherited from Asylum & City.+ Better upgrade system and choices.+ Your secret companion that I cannot spoil it by revealing a name here.The Bad:- At some points the car combat seemed to be poorly balanced especially on chase & destroy missions for it was heavily dependant on the escape route choices of the enemy you're chasing. Those choices seems weirdly random sometimes making it impossibly hard and sometimes ridiculously easy.- Always hated the stealth on batgames, no changes on this one either.The Ugly- Riddler and any game content related to him.ConclusionIt is a good game underrated as a result of an unfortunate release failure. Up-to-date version of it does not have a severe performance problem. Based on its content and gameplay it is definitely the best game of the title. I would recommend it for anyone with a mid or high end PC setup."
76561198159079262,Recommended,208650,25331738,"Posted: 3 September, 2016",all,DtotheX,"Take care in looking at gpu recommendations, all problems that this game got bad reviews for are gone... First of all WB make seriously beautiful looking games being a movie studio first. This skill tree allows you to do more than any other Arkham game but combat is missing cooler gadgets taken out.Pros:+ Physx riddled interior fight scenes are too few but awesome.+ Combat is excellent and controls too, with the very annoying exception of the weapon wheel replacing the d-pad.+ The tank battles don't fit and are mostly tedious since the combat is so much more perfected, but there are some good Batmobile moments.Cons:-The first two games are the strongest but all of the Batman games are very well made, not to mention having some of the best physics and graphics combinations ever-Focuses on Batmobile too much and Gotham feels bland with not enough interiors and too large a scale with too little going on."
76561198084968303,Recommended,208650,24777675,"Posted: 8 August, 2016",all,Puppy-Ozone,great!
,Recommended,208650,25540369,"Posted: 16 September, 2016",all,navi,good game
76561198044911943,Recommended,208650,21488547,"Posted: 26 February, 2016",all,Gaylord29 PALMS,Look this game got off on a rocky start but now it can run around 30 frames if you have a medium graphics card and a i7. If you have below a i7 don't even try and if you have below a 770 ti then don't try either because you will not be able to run it. The game it's self is obviously the best in the series so it's worth a pick up when on sale or just normaly if you got the cash.
,Recommended,208650,19082388,"Posted: 14 November, 2015",all,udonegoof,"Batman: Arkham Knight... The PC port has some problems for a lot of people. Mine works fine, even though sometimes the framerate drops, or game freezes for only 2 seconds but other than that, it's good. No crashing, or bugs, or low textures. The game runs fine for me. I guess I was lucky. Anyway, the presentation is okay. I mean the biggest improvement, and problem, is the Batmobile. It's fun and sick as hell. But, it has some downsides. First off, it's ludicrously overused! (Get the reference?) Like, I think almost HALF the game requires you to go into tank mode and blow everyone the f**** up with your missiles. It also prevents you from entering a mission when it's ""under attack"" when it isn't. When there's no enemies nearby. It's not good! The detective mode however is awesome, but is used only like three times. It should have been used more because it's Batman. He's a detective. He always detects! The graphics are cool. The best graphics in a Batman game to date. Nice selection of Batsuits, but more great suits would be nice. I've been mostly using Beyond because he's one of my faves. Batsuits should also have some abilities specialized to them. Combat is satisfying as hell, and the new fear takedowns are pretty cool. But some parts of the game can be repetitive. I was surprised when I found out that PS4 gamepads support the PC version. Anyway I recommend this game for die-hard Batman fans. But for the casual, I would wait for a price drop. The game is fun, but repetitive! I give Batman: Arkham Knight an 8.3/10. I shall keep playing this until I reach 100% completion!"
76561198009662133,Recommended,208650,24131340,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,Krezex,My PC has i3-2120 CPU and R9 270x and the game runs fine on low with some stuttering. A massive improvement since launch.
,Recommended,208650,23870404,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,thamzen,"At the beginning, this game was very troubled. FPS capped at 30 and didnt launch or run very well. The result of this, game was removed from market, and the developers tried to fix it.After the removal, the game was released once more. However, this time it had no trouble at all. This time it ran smoothly and worked properly. Even with my average PC.This game is extraordinary. Overall, great performance, stunning graphics and a speechless story. This game was not rated positive since the first release, but now my comrade, this game is more than great. This game made me addicted, and I had to play it despite finishing the story twice. The main story, the side quests and free roaming are what you should expect from such a game, and the game delivered.You have so many choices. For instance you can choose different skins on batman and the batmobile and various persons. There are also other opportunites like races, stealth missions. For me, this batman game got it all.I've played the other batman games, but this must be the best. I found the combat, the batmobile and all the other things amusing and better than the other games, but that is my opnion.As you can see, this game is breathtaking.  RECOMMENDED!"
,Recommended,208650,21473185,"Posted: 26 February, 2016",all,DarkCottonTail,"System Specs:-i7 4790k-GTX 970 (Nvidia Experience settings)-16 GB of 2133 MHz RAMWith 21 hours of game time, I have yet to see any of the previously mentioned issues (stuttering, crashing, glitches) myself. I cannot speak for the frame rates as the game has run smoothly the whole time giving me zero reason to check them.I know my system may be playing a role in the game running so well, but earlier reports included systems with similar specs having the same issues everyone else was having as well.Just as an interesting side note, I checked the RAM usage during game play and it got as high as 4.5 GB so far.In summary, I am glad I waited this game out and when I finally purchased it, it's running as expected.I hope this review helps anyone on the fence with deciding whether or not to take a risk in purchasing the game."
76561198141197484,Not Recommended,208650,21013798,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,jbt6770,"Absolutely unplayable. Controls are simply broken. Within the first 5 minutes I was in auto left and could not do anything except run in a circle. Exited logged back in and all seemed well, until I had to exit the Batmobile. No such luck key simply did not work. I really hope they fix this game, but glad I didn't spend more than $25."
,Not Recommended,208650,16658997,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,huu,"I've turned all my graphics down to the lowest possible setting, yet I'm still getting around 3 FPS. Definitley didn't live up to all the hype."
,Recommended,208650,28699194,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,Gecko,"I love this game. As you can see, I have no idea how to review a game.---------------------------------------------------------However, I do know how to make freshly baked scones---------------------------------------------------------INGREDIANTS3 cups all purpose flour1/2 cup white sugar5 teaspoons baking powder1/2 teaspoon salt3/4 cup butter1 eggDIRECTIONS1. Preheat oven to 400 degrees F and lightly grease a baking sheet2. In a large bowl, combine flour, sugar, baking powder, and salt. Cut in butter. Mix the egg and milk in a small bowl, and stir into flour mixture until moistened.3. Turn dough out onto a lightly floured surface, and knead briefly. Roll dough out into a 1/2 inch thick round. Cut into 8 wedges, and place on the prepared baking sheet.4. Bake 15 minutes in the preheated oven, or until golden brown.There you have it, folks!Final thoughts: Alfred"
,Not Recommended,208650,18136649,"Posted: 21 September, 2015",all,Bunny,"It's been 4 months at first i actually had little to no lag. But of course they try to ""Fix"" with an update and i can't even play the game without major lag and my computer is top notch i have a GTX 970 and i can't run it on anything without 10 sec of lag. I love the batman series i have all of them and i appreciate every single batman game and love them. I am so tired of this i just want to play my games with my DLC's that will probably never come because of the amount of problems with the game. SHAME ON YOU."
,Recommended,208650,29361634,Posted: 19 January,all,RamblingTiger,"Seriously an amazing game. if Witcher 3 had not come out teh same year, this would have been game of the year!"
76561197968096530,Recommended,208650,20195809,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,TskC,just want to inform everyone that this game is working on full settings without a problemgeforce gtx970strixi7-4790k16gb ramand the game itselfe seems amazing!
76561198052187374,Recommended,208650,26277397,"Posted: 28 October, 2016",all,UnlockedWifi,"A lot of people have given this game negative reviews and I cannot see why. The story alone makes the agme worth getting it is highly entertaining; furthermore the side quests are all really fun and provide the played something else to do other than just the campaign. In regards to gameplay mechanics I highly enjoy every aspect of it including the Batmobile (personally i think there has been too little Batmobile in the previous games, the tank mode is a ton of fun). I personally think this game is the sequel that the first two games deserve and I highly recommend it at full price even more so at sale price.*EDIT*In regards to how the game runs, I am able to run this game at 70+ FPS at max settings consistently with:i7 - 3770KGTX 970SanDisk SSD16GB RAMIf you have decent specs you should ahve no problem running this game."
,Recommended,208650,32668744,Posted: 23 June,all,Karma Kid',"I waited a long time to buy this until all the issues are fixed.I Bought it, played it, finished it, and this game is my favorite out of all the arkham series.At first, I thought batman's pose while fighting was clunky, and the batmobile seems too rigid. But after a few fights, upgrades and boss fight, it was okay, it was great even. The fight was still fluid, predator mission was the same, and batmobile fits what it fought, a horde of tanks, so it needs to be tanky and rigid. The riddler trophy was not annoying to collect anymore, and the city was amazing, it looks like a city now, with cars passing by and wide street.What made this the best though, was the story, it was a great story."
76561198143729632,Not Recommended,208650,28808641,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,fiveXdollars,game crashed twice in less than an hour and it will lag gently at times which can get a bit annoying
76561197987951894,Recommended,208650,25327337,"Posted: 3 September, 2016",all,trillah,"For me , this is the best arkham game and one of the best game I`ve played in the last couple years. Since buying it to install to first launch, everything went smooth! Rare frame rate drop (happened once) excellent graphics and enjoyable gameplay with an awesome story. Dont even get me started on the batmobile free roam and combat.... cant get enough of it !here is my specamd A10-57008g ramgforce 750ti 2g350w power supply1tb hard driveI run everything on high with this 3 years old pre-build computer. The only thing I changed was the graphic card."
,Not Recommended,208650,28912204,Posted: 1 January,all,Filwill,Arkham Knight doubles down on the mistakes that Arkham City made.  The city is boring and everything about the game is so flashy and over the top that the whole thing ends up being extremely bland.
76561198114462523,Recommended,208650,18867204,"Posted: 3 November, 2015",all,Captian Sisko,"Before I get to the technical part of the review, I would like to say this is one the most elaborate and detailed games ever made. With a descent story line, and an ever evolving gameplay this game is a worthy successor to Arkham city. Now that aside, I did not have any problems with the game since its re-release. However, My system is an alienware 17 with 32G of RAM and 4G AMD R9 Graphics I played the game on maximum setting with a 58 average fps, and I have to same I am more than happy with this game."
,Not Recommended,208650,18852380,"Posted: 2 November, 2015",all,lokisg3,"After update, still the same problem. Tempting to refund since WB said they will do refund no matter how long you own before end 2015."
,Not Recommended,208650,18064370,"Posted: 16 September, 2015",all,Akiva,"Congratulations, you finally fixed it. It's only 80%♥♥♥♥♥♥now.Too little, too late.ADDENDUM:Checked to have a look and see if the final, re-releasing patch solved it all. It didn't. They are also now offering refunds for those who purchased it. I intend on doing so."
,Recommended,208650,18986459,"Posted: 10 November, 2015",all,mish3l,"the game was♥♥♥♥♥♥before the updates, but now it's alot better"
76561198044610689,Not Recommended,208650,18066704,"Posted: 16 September, 2015",all,Player,Disappointed
76561198015713460,Recommended,208650,18962592,"Posted: 8 November, 2015",all,Moose,"Re-Release Review. Run on a PC able to handle the game.  This is a review of the game as I experienced it. This has nothing to do with the Pre-Order/broken drama.My PC rough spec: 32gb ram, 2 x 980ti, ssd, i7-5930k, Win 10 Pro(fresh install)I bought the game when it was re-releaed, I'm lucky enough to have a new Pc so performance wasn't an issue. I had all the graphics and Nvidia goodies maxed out.  At first I ran the game in 4k but ended up running it in 1440 as there was little to no difference visually and I lost about 5-10 fps overall.  These were the settings I ended up on, with the results of the Benchmark.http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=550794376http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=550793868The 15 fps dip was at the very start of the benchmark test  for the first couple of seconds only. Nvidias effects are really nice, it is a shame they are so demanding. The smoke is particualrly impressive..http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=55079395299% of the time the game ran smooth, the only jitters were on a couple of the cutscenes towards the end. I got lucky I guess but I had no crashes or Glitches throughout the game.Pros:Story. The side quests blend in with the main story nicely and don't extract from the feel of the gameVoice Acting. From the main characters to the generic thugs, all of the voice acting is brillant.Ambience. The constant conversations taking place all around the city as you pass adds life to the gameplay.Melee Combat. Simply the best system in any game.Puzzles. Alot of these were great fun, none really felt like a chore or grind.The Car. The handling is the best I've experienced on a keyboard.Mobility. Both in the car and while gliding are extremely fast, this title seems to have polished the flying system a little, much sleeker than Origins.Audio. Great combat thuds and bangs, the car is good enough, and the music is superb.Cons:Some minor cutscene stuttering,All of the still images used during loading/save screens, I'm not sure if this was intended or it is a glitch but they all have a primitive look to them, lots of dots. Just didnt look nice to me.Overall I thoroughly enjoyed the game from start to finish, the trophy puzzles, the car, melee combat, stealth, pretty much everything about it. I know this will probably be an unpopular opinion but I thought it was a great game. I have played the other Arkham titles and this one easily ranks near the top if not at the top for me.If you have a powerful enough pc, at least until it's better optimized, then I would recommend this game in a heartbeat.9/10 from me."
,Recommended,208650,23737378,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,MoistSquat,"Batman: Arkham Knight had a horrible launch but after being a year old and being on sale, its pretty good now. One of the better Batman games although it may have left a bad taste in most pc gamers' mouths when it first came out. It runs fine now."
,Recommended,208650,20462078,"Posted: 10 January, 2016",all,Jkiller77,"I bought this one a gamble the game has a few issues, but  man was this a game fun some of the boss battles are lacking but makes up with it with some new fun stuff added to the combat system, and the very cool new fear take down, and other cool various take downs added with the stealth system it make you  feel like batman.  the battank isn't as bad as everyone says, and can be quite fun at times.  yeah a lot of the boss battles are not the greatest, but overall a fun game worth picking up."
,Recommended,208650,24091999,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,xKIT - KE$ER,Great game (Must buy if you like batman).
,Not Recommended,208650,18890290,"Posted: 5 November, 2015",all,Art_uP,"Finally refunded.Goodbye Batman....., Hope see you again on GOTY sale 75% or console maybe. :D"
76561198191966395,Recommended,208650,18867613,"Posted: 3 November, 2015",all,Echostrain,"Well I finally get to play this game, and I got to say this is the best Batman game I have ever played. Best superhero genre game I have ever played. Haven't completed the game yet but I'm just blown away by the direction, the story elements, atmoshpere, gameplay, and the stunning visuals.Graphics - Stunning. Some of the most visually impressive details in the chracter models and animations. Zero framrate issues. No screen tearing, and really haven't seen any clipping so far.Audio - Top notch. Everything from the punches and kicks, explosions, and voice acting bring this games atmosphere to life. The batmobile sounds like a monster! Exactly they way I would expect it to. Music is very fitting so far. Some familiar themes from old arkham games and very good new ones. There's a particular emotionally charged audio track that really hits the core. Awesome.Gameplay - Smooth and perfected. The skill tree's, multifear take downs, and plenty of different and new ways to use your gadgets this time around give this series a breath of fresh air. Racetracks are insanely fun.Story - Entirely subjective. I found it great! (atleast as far as I have gotten)Unfortunatley the negatives draw the biggest crowds right now.Cons - Bad launch.- Very pricey Season Pass.- Lack of Boss Battles"
76561198080137562,Not Recommended,208650,20439312,"Posted: 9 January, 2016",all,The Great Scubdu,Refunded and bought Fallout4 and Mad Max.
,Recommended,208650,24682350,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,Lyes,Great game. Gets tough sometimes. One of the better batman games.
76561198080077724,Recommended,208650,24683606,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,Dawn,"I first got this game and I had a AMD HD 7870 2gb. I ran well but all settings low because it didn't have enough vram. But then I upgraded to a gtx 980ti, and the game runs amazing at max settings. No fps dips. That's for the performance part. The gameplay. It's really fun beating this snot out of people. And the batmobile is awesome as well. But I think that they use the batmobile too much. It kind of gets old. I'm only half way through the game and the batmobile is already old. But besides that it's a great game."
,Recommended,208650,33268750,Posted: 5 July,all,200mmr,"Amazing game. I am batman games fan, their mechanics and gameplay but this game is just awesome with allowing us to drive batmobile. One thing I don't like is riddlers riddles that are hidden throughout the map.I would also love to see some gotham time for batman games and not the whole crysis part only. I have never seen batman game where normal people are roaming in streets; the streets are always full of thugs"
76561198150354483,Recommended,208650,26398698,"Posted: 3 November, 2016",all,weijack,gtx960 4g  i5 2500k   8gb ram    very goodone word  great  subject  buy permium version
76561198216671159,Not Recommended,208650,31521925,Posted: 3 May,all,KukuFefe,Simply Bad 6.5/10
,Recommended,208650,17928810,"Posted: 7 September, 2015",all,Caped Baldy,after pacth this game more stable than beforeso far i enjoyed this game even stil not perfectstill w8 for perfect pacth though......and now i m on 2nd playthrought for more achievement of course xD
76561198077184413,Recommended,208650,25337339,"Posted: 3 September, 2016",all,reboot41,I have played all the Arkham games. This one is an excellent game once the patches are applied! ;)
,Recommended,208650,25331324,"Posted: 3 September, 2016",all,[>StK<] GusDreyer,"Great game, after all the patches is finally working."
,Recommended,208650,23950754,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,Bogers69,It seems to me like pretty much every PC specific problem has been fixed and at the reduced base price this game is an easy recommendation.#CityOfFear
76561197972718105,Recommended,208650,23054167,"Posted: 18 May, 2016",all,pinkGrendel,Fantastic return to form for the Arkham series.
,Not Recommended,208650,16693036,"Posted: 25 June, 2015",all,Sirpaw,Terrible PC Port
76561198058439374,Not Recommended,208650,18929838,"Posted: 7 November, 2015",all,mabell2424,"This is the first time I've ever felt compelled to write a game review.  To start, I am a huge Batman and Arkham series fan.  I have all the games on both Xbox 360 and PC (who can resist Steam sales).  When Arkahm knight first came out it had some major issues; however, mine weren't that bad actually.  I removed the FPS cap and actually had decent frame rates with the game maxed out (with all the Nvidia stuff turned off since I'm using 2 7970s in crossfire).  I could put up with the FPS drops while gliding and fighting big groups of thugs becuase they weren't actually game breaking, annoying yes, game breaking no.  My biggest issue was when calling the Batmobile.  My game would somtimes drop to single digit FPS during the first few seconds but then normalize after that.  I put up with all of that and beat the game and actually enjoyed it for the most part, well except for the too often and too drawn out tank stealth battles.  I would say the game is slightly better than Origins but not as good as City.  I was content with my purchase.Now comes the issues.  After the game was re-released on Steam and after having a large patch, I was hoping for a smoother experience.  I was also excited to finally play the DLC I payed for when I got the Season Pass at launch.  Well...my game won't even launch now.  I found a ""fix"" where I had to delete a certain .ini file to get it to work.  That did work and the game launched, but now I had graphical glitches everhwere.  Whole areas of textures and even small patches of polygons would continuously flicker making it nearly impossible to play.  I also could no longer max the settings like I could before.  The 4 months or so that WB and Rocksteady took to fix the game didn't really fix much on my end and actually made the game worse.  I'm glad they are honoring refunds until the end of 2015 no matter how long you played, that's good of them.  It's also a sign that they know how broken the game is.  I have 40ish hours into the game and I got a refund because the improvments made that game worse for me.  Some, hopefully, see a drastic improvment.  However, I did not and got my money back.I will probably buy this game again to complete my Arkham collection, but only after it is heavily discounted and bundles all of the DLC.  I can't really be mad about all of the problems since WB is refunding everyone's money no matter how long they've played it.  But I am very disappointed with the entire experience.  Not a good way for the Arkham franchise to end."
,Not Recommended,208650,17240121,"Posted: 26 July, 2015",all,shrikeVFX,"Won't even start on a gtx 970m. I mean, it technically starts, but the framerate is 3fps, intermittent with black flashes, and is very slow to respond to commands. Unplayable in its current state."
76561198258174503,Recommended,208650,20974428,"Posted: 5 February, 2016",all,ChubbyCarg0,"Great game!!!  I have one titan x GPU and a intel 7 5820K CPU, game runs 60fps 1080p, some cutscenes run a forced 30fps.  The game may have had problems in the past, but they seem to be fixed now.  I would reccommend this purchase!!"
76561198091599512,Recommended,208650,31212247,Posted: 17 April,all,Vyyrakk,"I played the game for nearl 20 hours in one day, there's my reveiw."
76561198121048991,Not Recommended,208650,16936564,"Posted: 7 July, 2015",all,{}radioactivefish{},laggy as balls
,Not Recommended,208650,16641401,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,Brumpo Tungus,"When the company they gave their cash grab game too does a better job of the PC port than the critically acclaimed ""AAA"" studio, you know you have a problem."
76561198012210061,Not Recommended,208650,16641354,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,Nocturnalcold,"I was really looking foward to this, but after getting my hands on it I have to conclude, that I am disapointed.  I find the Batmobile extremely annoying to controle, as well is being a completely redundant feature.  My advice would be, save yourself some time, and money ands avoid this one"
,Not Recommended,208650,16642952,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,Pontifex,"I managed to squeeze some fun out of it, but it's currently unplayable. Wait until the inevitable GOTY edition."
,Not Recommended,208650,18977927,"Posted: 9 November, 2015",all,Cosmicnut,"sorry, but a game developed on a PC and designed to run on consoles with off the shelf PC components, can't properly run on a PC with twich the specifications.....Sorry. This is just lazy.You realised that it will just cost too much to fix and you made a mistake of handing the release of the last game in such a beloved franchise to a studio that had neither the personnel or ability to do it justice.This is frankly pitiful."
76561198065938002,Recommended,208650,19167519,"Posted: 19 November, 2015",all,Abyss,"History and Patience is key.I don't get the negativety of pre-ordering. The only games I pre-order are games coming from my favorite developers. I never pre-ordered WatchDogs, why would I? A new IP from Ubisoft? Not much trust they're. I may have pre-order and gotten the season pass for $100 for Batman Arkham Knight and ya sure the port was crap. But I patiencly waited and gave WB and Rocksteady the chance to keep me as a future customer. It's Nov. 19 and Batman Arkham Knight runs wonderfully and looks graphically impressive. It's playable on my 7970 at 1080p and 60 FPS solid on my GTX 970. Games good so far and I'll find out how good as I play. Next game I'll pre-order is Dark Souls 3.If you like action, adventure, drama, mystery and suspense give Batman Arkham Knight a try."
76561198039458604,Recommended,208650,19869905,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,Vembrace,Runs really well.Extremely fun and immersive game.
76561198000924645,Not Recommended,208650,17276226,"Posted: 28 July, 2015",all,Morty666,Better hope the upcoming re-release will be cheaper including the dlc
76561198177477015,Recommended,208650,21095755,"Posted: 9 February, 2016",all,atlatheous,good.
76561198068858243,Recommended,208650,21098639,"Posted: 10 February, 2016",all,Radioman,"i5 960m+2G +graghic quality :all middlium  =35+fps     nice game   exciting combat plus awesome batmobile ,TANKING THE♥♥♥♥♥♥OUT OF GOTHAM!!!"
,Recommended,208650,21117632,"Posted: 10 February, 2016",all,Drakath,"Honestly Not As Bad As People Say if You Play On Low Settings....♥♥♥♥ING GAME THIS IS RIDICLOUS FIRST TIME I EVER HAD TO PLAY A GAME ON LOW SETTINGSBUT, on the real note graphics should not be the reason why i should rate this game...Honestly the gameplay is fun as ever just be wary of finding side quests as its a pain and also if you havn't played the previous installments you should as they don't have a tutorial for the basics in arkham knight."
,Recommended,208650,19097711,"Posted: 15 November, 2015",all,Dargonaut,"One dark year, The dark knight has risen from its grave. Game runs profoundly well, and stays at a nice 60 fps at all times for me. Would recommend all batman, racing, and tank fans, for this game is for you!"
76561197983688965,Not Recommended,208650,31416985,Posted: 28 April,all,Apn,"Arkham Knight vs Arkham CityRiddler riddles in AC are puzzlesRiddle riddles in AK are race coursesPlayable Side kicks in AC are intergrated into the main story. its fun.Playable side kick in AK are not. its not fun. (they arnt in the main game)Button combos in AC are hard but not impossible to learn.Button combos in AK make you feel like you throwing your keyboard at the wall.Mini Games in AC are a little stressful. but fun enough to keep trying.Mini Games in AK are terrible, i just want to die when i play them too many times. (one involved moving the mouse as slowly as possible for a very long time)ok well those ore the negatives  now some positiveGood graphicsNice worldLots of flavourGreat combat improvementsok thats it, stick with AC if you havent already got it. but you could try AK. i dunno ive seen enough 6 hours in."
76561198113639335,Recommended,208650,28709947,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,Morty c138A,"BAM!!! NANANANA BATMAN!!!! 9.9999/10In 2015 - Full of bugs, stutters and crashes. I've read and heard about this game before.Today this year 2016, is so much good game and perfectly fine for me. Itis really good for my AMD FX6300 and GTX 960 2gb! Thank you Rocksteady!!!"
,Recommended,208650,28711146,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,zavoxcool,"simply good game with good graphics, i don't really have problem with performance so i really enjoy it, especially kicking some butt and drive batmobile all around gotham city"
76561198040698501,Recommended,208650,22786959,"Posted: 3 May, 2016",all,{PBR}¿Deg?,"Game is awesome, Pretty sure FPS problems have been fixed at this point, my computer runs it smooth as butter, as long as you arent raging about nerd DC comic things you will be okay. Its a game and reviewed as a game I found it very entertaining and it makes you legit feel like batman as did the past games. Great game. If you enjoyed anything from Arkham Asylum onwards I would say you will get your fix out of this game. Dont nerd rage. Enjoy the game."
,Not Recommended,208650,18234601,"Posted: 28 September, 2015",all,Maxwell,"They've fixed the game of most of its bugs, but the game will always be troubled with poor development choices. It COULD be the game that we deserve, but not the game that we'll want to play right now.The biggest mistake I feel they made was making the Batmobile an essential part of the game instead of just one of his tools. Only 4 combat challenge maps? All those improved combat and predator mechanics and you can only use them for 4 maps each, compared to city's almost 15 or so challenges each. All that for what? To make room for some Batmobile challenges that are not even that fun to play?Before, I was happy if they just fixed this game even if they didn't give out free stuff, but now I want the challenge maps back!"
,Not Recommended,208650,17228120,"Posted: 25 July, 2015",all,ThisIsoRickx,swag city don't need your pity
76561198046642612,Recommended,208650,18853472,"Posted: 3 November, 2015",all,DEFAULTY,"I bought this game after WB made it refundable just to see how it would fare. This won't make popular, but the game runs just fine with my rig (i5-4440, gtx680, 8gb, SSD). And I kind of like it..."
76561198263472913,Recommended,208650,24686707,"Posted: 3 August, 2016",all,Dracarys,In love with the story and amazing gameplay as always with the batman trilogy series. Wish I hadn't bought the harley quinn DLC. Got over in less than 15 mins.
,Not Recommended,208650,29212155,Posted: 12 January,all,Alcasan,"I thought they had fixed the annoyances. Really? When I'm clicking space to dodge and nothing happens and I die for the 3rd time, I have to watch the cutscene *again*? I can't skip it? And when I shift-tab so I can do something else rather than waste time watching the cut-scene again IT ACTUALLY PAUSES THE SCENE?!?? I can only conclude that you don't want me buying your games anymore. Very well, I concur."
,Not Recommended,208650,20077160,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,EnglandIsMyCity,"This game is most likley a very fun and exciting game, but it does not run very well because it frequently says ""Batman: Arkham Knight not responding."" every. So if you want thisgame...get/and/or have the latest and greatest computer or laptop."
,Recommended,208650,16651983,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,ijflxn,This game is the best game I have ever played. I highly recommend this.
76561198112796095,Recommended,208650,33703288,Posted: 21 July,all,red1122,really nice game
76561198209044393,Not Recommended,208650,25583232,"Posted: 18 September, 2016",all,schism,The game is still crashing and unable to play i have a beast of a meachine and i was lucky to get 20 FPS at the best of time.
76561198065936730,Recommended,208650,24211739,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,Private_McArthur,"Finally !!! exactly one year later, resting in my wishlist, i bought it !!! Batman Arkham Knight !!!At first, i refused to buy it, in part of the abusive price tag [ That's why you want Denuvo so bad isn't it corporate jokers !? to practice outrageous charges without any hacking competition - go get 'em 3dm, ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥, reloaded, tpb, etc... no mercy !!!] - but most and foremost, because of what i considered being a total lack of respect to the PC GAMERS by the devs...They launched a broken game for us, so f.... angry !!!!!It's not about being a fanboy, we PC Gamers deserve more respect because we take our hard earned cash, we do the leg work to study, search and search for the best possible combination of hardware to fit the given budget, aaaaand, after all that, we take our time to learn and tweak graphic options inside the game, 'cause we can't always mantain the best rig all the time,so, even though the GAMEPLAY experience is almost the same in all platforms, graphics is an essencial part of the game ... so console players are a lesser and sloghfull species, i'm sorry about this fact !!! XDNow, gamewise :It's a good story, not fascinating as playing FarCry 3 for the first time, but good enough, a fair ending to the series,i feel like wanting to play it all over again, since Arkham Asylum, in fact i felt a little sad it's over, i'm gonna miss it for sure... Hope Rocksteady make another series in the future.Gameplay is a lot of fun, controls are basic at the beginnig but it gains some good complexity down the road, i spent a lot of time just free roaming in the city and beating some random thugs, it feels awesome to hit a 50+ combo !!!♥♥♥♥♥♥gets serious !!! the only thing that bothered me a lot was those f... 200+ riddles to solve !!! it's too much !!! this annoyance every game, we should be able to break the Riddler face's bones in the final boss fight without going through all this torture, let it for the die hard fans and completionists instead !!!The graphics... NOW (one year later) are amazing !!! very detailed and sharp, the rain in the night street is so beautiful !!!feels like i'm playing in a frostbite engine instead of unreal, a lot of reflections of the city lights...60+ hrs of gameplay (100%) and just 3 freezes... not a single crash to desktop !!! that's cool !!!Everything absolutely on ultra 1080p in my old but gold 2600k and a brand new Gtx970 SSC (which i think is way less robust than my burnt MUSCLE CARD GTX780ti, but performs better... don't know, new tecnology i guess, or just devs bottlenecking old cards with drivers tuned for new ones...)i get a 70~90fps most of the time when gliding in the sky, definitely a very stable 60fps when fighting with a bunch of thugs, which is important 'cause of the combo flow... But when the remote controled Batmobile is called...♥♥♥♥♥♥happens, your precious frames will drop down to 45~50 ... but for the first time i didn't get angry, because the Smoke effect in the Nvidia gameworks is so beautiful... it's worth to lose some fluidity at times to let this option active, you can interact with the fog and smoke which is very cool indeed !Conclusion :9/10 worth buy it for sure, you won't want the season pass, but you will want to buy some batmobile skins and movie models apart !!!"
,Not Recommended,208650,20401062,"Posted: 8 January, 2016",all,jimbob11ise,"Most disappointing game ever.I'm not even going to mention the much publicised performance issues, as it has already been well covered.My main gripe is that this game is a pathetic excuse for an arkham game and is the worst amongst the main games, (origins included). It is derivative, predictable and (worst of all) boring. Having played to 52% completion, I feel that my time would have been better spent playing the previous games.oh, and £35 for the base game and £68 for the whole thing? Are they having a ♥♥♥♥ing joke?"
,Recommended,208650,21140281,"Posted: 11 February, 2016",all,Jon Snow,"It is one of my favorite games of all time. If you are a Batman fan then these is the fame for you, the story line of these game is awesome. If you have a computer that can run these game i recomend buying it, but if you dont have a good computer that can run the game then dont complane latter about the lag an♥♥♥♥♥♥like thar. :)"
,Recommended,208650,21024080,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,farizzzeee,BEST GAME EVER !!!
,Not Recommended,208650,16728043,"Posted: 26 June, 2015",all,Cherpnasty,booooooooo
,Recommended,208650,26355384,"Posted: 1 November, 2016",all,犬神,"for some reason the hint from bruce while in batman suit is kinda stupid i mean he said ""my batmobile need to ..... "" does batman likes to talk to himself in the comic? cause it just seems wierdbut sides that wierd fact, this game is worth to buy for. More if u're a batmaniac"
,Recommended,208650,23618845,"Posted: 17 June, 2016",all,Singam-Puli,"Just bought it recently , Its a Great Game! worth every penny!  It was completely what I expected it to be,I Love the Batmobile and all the drone combats."
76561197972686635,Not Recommended,208650,16788164,"Posted: 29 June, 2015",all,halflight87,"2x titan blacks3930k oc 3.816gb ramthe game is great for me it puts all the batman movies to shame. they need to make a batman movie like this.that being said, this game is completely halted by the performance which is shhhhhiiiiiittttt!!! it's bad really bad. they just added some textures to a game thats supposed to be finished. this game makes u feel like batman then takes it from you with the stutters and freezing and all the other bugs. it's not a finished game more like early access.at it's current state I would not recommend it. if it's fixed right then yes. the game does not look like the amazing pictures you see in the gallary and definitely not as smooth as the gameplay videos you've seen also. sry people, you'll have to wait."
76561198042799119,Recommended,208650,25106809,"Posted: 23 August, 2016",all,Zadian,"Amazing send off to the Batman Arkham series, a game series that was essentially The Dark Knight trilogy of video games.The gameplay is similar to City/Origins except there are some minor changes to the combat and gadgets to make seems feel fresher. The fear takedown system is a blast to use and makes stealth sections more fun , although it does make them a bit easier. The batmobile is the biggest change and while it does feel in your face at times, overall it flows with the game really well and is a lot of fun to use. Visually the game is phenominal. Gotham City looks great, and all three islands are very distinct and fun to roam through. The story is great as well, but not quite up to par with Arkham City.Overall I would give this game a solid 9/10Oh and performance wise I had no issues, everything ran smooth at 60-50 fps on medium to high settings with a r9 270x and FX-6300."
,Recommended,208650,24955486,"Posted: 16 August, 2016",all,Comrade 501,"Hey guys!if u wanna buy this game, i will highly recommend to do it if u familiar w arkham series and u r a big fan of DC comics!!!opitimization of the game is fair, and not so bad as it was on the beginning of the sellings! Tons of dlc's make this game so interesting and exciting!!! In short, lets use the 10 point scale+ Table:+5 very nice graphics, mechanics etc+5 story line+5 large map+1 new equipment, characters, enemies, BATMOBILE! and smth from other parts of arkham series+1 DLC's which are really wothy (buy the premium ed)- Table:-5 U need a cool pc-3 main story line is a bit short ""for a DC fan"", (just the main story line! without dlc's and secondary missions)-0.5 most of equipment u dont need to use to complete some missions!8.5 / 10I highly recommend to play this game!!!!Likes ))))"
76561197962130820,Recommended,208650,27193348,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Batman,Excellent game !!
76561198136923594,Not Recommended,208650,17430027,"Posted: 7 August, 2015",all,PandaMcPanderson,Shocking. New games are out for pre-order while this one is still unplayable. No sign of compensation for pre-orderers either. Even some skin packs and other DLC being put out for free to those who pre-ordered this complete disaster would be something.
76561198107222535,Not Recommended,208650,20338306,"Posted: 5 January, 2016",all,Playatoma,sadly i cannot play this on Steam. but i got the Xbox One version and i'm having a lot of fun with it! :D but... if i were you i would get it for the console :/
76561198139445083,Recommended,208650,33100490,Posted: 1 July,all,spensters,this game was the best batman game i have ever played and one of the best games i have played i have played in a while!!!!
,Not Recommended,208650,28810842,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,Nedski,They have fixed the bugs but my gripe comes down to one thing.Too much batmobile.It seems more like a racer / tank game then being Batman. I kinda lost it when I had to drive the batmobile onto a roof.All the previous games we got by without the batmobile and managed to stop the bad guys.The devs should have just teased us with the batmobile instead of forcing us to use it for EVERYTHING.
76561198115143848,Not Recommended,208650,16665942,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,JoeDaPG,"i need help, im playing my game on pc and i downloaded all requirments but when i start the story the game lags and when it shows jokers face it stoped there. And the game just shuts down"
76561198111817358,Recommended,208650,28359679,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,Cmnd Schmock,"If you played the first two games, this one is a must. Poison Ivy gave me a boner."
76561198122999901,Not Recommended,208650,16663094,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,Ghostface Killah,This game is terrible. Choppy and can barley hold 30FPS
76561198223839240,Not Recommended,208650,18136909,"Posted: 21 September, 2015",all,Vwoiboi,"MAN, THIS GAME SUCKSI figured out before how to play it in a windowed version, but thats not the problem, the problem is the story, boss fights are stupid, batmobile is overused, dont get seasons pass cause you wont get any content. Seriously, rocksteady, after the masterpiece of arkham city and asylum, after the mediocre origins, the end of the trilogy seriously is this. You better bring batman back for a justice league game, or do another character, because i will not accept this crap. OH YEAH, wanna play as red hood and harley quinn, well you can for 15 minutes, and you have to PAY FOR CHALLENGE MAPS, a feature in previous arkham games that were default. Screw you guys, and SCREW YOU WARNER BROS. FOR ♥♥♥♥ING WITH US WITH AN AMAZING GAME"
,Not Recommended,208650,16667669,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,High Power,"Much Like Batman, Rocksteady didn't commit a fatality on the PC's performance.It's just crippled, heaving and dragging itself along as best as it can."
76561198000354511,Not Recommended,208650,16667390,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,Silenteagle7,"What do I have to say that you haven't heard before?-Framerate cap of 30, which I can't even reach due to poor optimization of the obviously ported game-motion blur beyond understanding what's going on while looking around-cutscenes that can't keep up with the audio and stutter-AMD graphics car? Have fun with your now on fire computer and haunted broken gameI haven't even gotten to the gameplay yet because I want to play the game when it's fixed and enjoy the story, could be great gameplay, but honestly the technical difficulties just aren't worth dealing with."
,Recommended,208650,32901206,Posted: 27 June,all,Ark,impressive
76561198017327970,Recommended,208650,25523369,"Posted: 16 September, 2016",all,Walking Dragon,"I played this about two weeks ago on a GTX 780, and it ran very smooth. I think a lot of the launch bugs and problems have been fixed. At least, my experience was bug-free and lag-free."
,Recommended,208650,25489082,"Posted: 12 September, 2016",all,RWBurnham,"I am huge fan of the Arkham series, and my expectations were high for this final chapter in the series. Sadly, this game is a mixed bag. Luckily there is more good than bad here, but the bad can be very frustrating.I hate most of the Riddler segments. Didn't we take him down three times already? He was not needed here. The Batmobile felt out of place. I play these games to soar from rooftops and punch criminals in their faces, not to drive. The tank segments were sometimes fun, but not fun enough to justify forcing us to drive.Other than that, a lot of what makes these games fun is intact and better here. The graphics, story, voice acting, combat, gadgets, and overall sense of being Batman are in full effect. The combat is especially tight and responsive, which is nice after the less than perfect Arkham Origins. The way the story cleverly explores the mind of Batman is brilliant.Arkham Knight is a flawed but fine ending to the excellent Arkham series. Hopefully this won't be the last time we don the cape."
,Not Recommended,208650,16638650,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,andersonegg,"when i launched this game on my pc, it automatically minimized and then i opened it again it started blinking in an unbearable frequency. I tried to start this game for an hour ,please lord show me some mercy.i am using alienware 17 with i7-4980 and gtx 980m(4gb).last, rocksteady my♥♥♥♥"
,Not Recommended,208650,16638809,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,ツ Karambyt,"Even with today's AMD patch, graphics toyed with and tweaked manually, with crossfire disabled and enabled with different forced profiles, this game still runs like garbage on the AMD R9 270X (x2 in Crossfire).Something to be said though is that even on low LOD and textures, it still looks amazing."
,Not Recommended,208650,16638895,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,Penguin,"I am sorry to say but even after fiddling with the game's code, I was unable to get the game to work at a good framerate and I either refuse to play this game until the developers update it so that way it is playable, get a new graphics card, or get a refund. I'm sorry rocksteady but I was super hyped for the game and now I'm sad. DO NOT get this game unless they update it or you already have a good graphics card."
,Not Recommended,208650,16638934,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,Solkia,"It runs like♥♥♥♥♥ I unlocked the frame rate (don't set it to 60 set it to 0 to turn it of and let sync do the rest) And I'm only getting 20FPS in game and a bunch of stuttering, despite the benchmark staying above 50.My thoughts? Spam the hell out of Rocksteady's twitter and if they don't respond in 3 days then we all refund the game until they do. Speak with your wallet as they say."
76561198053417659,Not Recommended,208650,16641487,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,viltsu,"Game runs like♥♥♥♥♥♥ and it shouldn't, not on my rig. It may, and probably is a fun game but I wouldn't know  because I can't play this♥♥♥♥♥♥of a game."
76561198079509987,Not Recommended,208650,16642241,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,TheLegend27,"If anyone has heard from or seen my friend milfslapper please contact me he has been mia for about 4 months now and me and his family are very worried about him and his well being, we had planned to play batman for about a few months now but to to its lack of playability I fear the worst for my dear friend, I myself can't even begin to describe how this game has betrayed trust, the only way I could describe this game is, a violent car crash with a child in the back seat(me) while the driver(rock steady) driving under the influence swerving onto oncoming traffic(milfslapper) with no survivors... please help... I don't know what needs help but god almighty please send someone to save someone....."
,Not Recommended,208650,16638893,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,Aeadon,"I have a GTX770, an i5 2500K, and 8 GB of RAM and after I edited the .ini file to cap the fps at 60 instead of 30, the game still has tons of issues. My fps fluctuated between 40-50 but the stuttering is unbearable, even in cutscenes. I even tried lowering every setting to minimum but it still didn't fix the stuttering. I love the Arkham series and trusted Rocksteady but this is unbelievable.Stay away until they either release a patch or some other fix is revealed."
,Not Recommended,208650,16642208,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,origin00x,This game represent the new game order and the need to upgrade your rig  I have had mine for the past 4 year and out of the box it was a best back then but now this game even after going into the .ini is just unplayable framerate is sub 20 with everything turned off they tried to make a game as big as just cause but didn't optimize it for minimum spec players.
76561198040638662,Not Recommended,208650,16638604,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,Rekka1212,SLI 670's and the game runs like♥♥♥♥♥♥  I max witcher 3 out @ 1080p 60fps constant along with every other title THAT THE DEVS ACTUALLY CARED ABOUT and this one runs so ♥♥♥♥ing bad.  crazy dip's and stutters.  I understand it just came out but THIS AINT Eearly Access damnit.  It's gonna take at least a few months to patch this mess and im not loosin out on 60 for that.  I'll just cop it on ps4.  If you have a console i'd do the same.
,Not Recommended,208650,16638816,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,TETSUKE RAISE,This game isn't even starting for me so I can't even see all the issuses that people are talking about. How does one ♥♥♥♥ up a game so much.
76561198071093659,Recommended,208650,21759732,"Posted: 10 March, 2016",all,mADa,Max from Mad Max game banged Batman Arkham Knight with hia car.
,Recommended,208650,23966304,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,Pels,"I've finished this game by fourth time.Still getting excited with all the action scenes, the music, etc...Best game EVER of Batman10/10"
76561197986603470,Recommended,208650,18966255,"Posted: 8 November, 2015",all,scudbucket,"Just finished up the last half of the game. It's now completely fixed for me. Played the first half when the game released and when I updated my graphics card. Nearly unplayable both times. Now it only drops below 50 FPS when I was in the batmobile. In the batmobile it never went below 30 FPS. Game crashed once, wasting about a minute of my time. Would've wasted more time on a console with the ♥♥♥♥♥♥ load times they have. I have an AMD Fury X video card and an AMD 8350 CPU. CPU's definitely the bottleneck. Need to upgrade that. No NVIDIA gameworks, obviously. Trilinear anti-aliasing. 2560X1440 resolution. Max settings (except v-sync and motion blur... ♥♥♥♥ motion blur). Was nearly unplayable with the same hardware. Gorgeous game. The batmobile kicks♥♥♥♥♥"
,Recommended,208650,29477387,Posted: 24 January,all,Jurassic Dan,Highly recommended. Fantastic end to an amazing series. Props to Rocksteady for making this work of art.
,Not Recommended,208650,20283829,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,Spliff Bluntzinski,"I can't say I recommend this game, and honestly, it doesn't really have anything to do with the sheer litany of technical problems this title has running on PC. It ran fine for me, maxed out with some occasional sound loss (I think that's an Unreal Engine bug, it's not the first UE game I've seen it happen in) and some hangups. But those issues are fairly minor and forgivable. I'm going to take this opportunity now to preface that I think Arkham Origins is probably the best in the series for story and overall feel, so I will be relentlessly comparing Knight to its predecessor.I would give my list of pros as ""boy the environment sure looks pretty"" but frankly, it's so busy, every single corner has been crammed with so much detail that there's nowhere for the eye to focus on or rest. And the lighting is just kind of out of control. ""Hey guys, we got our fancy new rendering, so we can have a lot of lights and reflections!"" ""PUT GIANT TUBE LIGHTS EVERYWHERE""And honestly, aside from bigger texture sizes, more lights and reflections, it really doesn't look much better than Arkham Origins, and it certainly doesn't aesthetically look better than Origins. The character models especially just feel kind of bleh. They're fantastic technical and artistic showcases, but they don't feel like they have any character in these characters.The story so far honestly kind of just meanders, it just doesn't have the same sort of intensity, the same sort of gut-punching urgency that its forebears did. It just sorta starts, and then the game goes COMPLETELY out of its way to go tell you to do some side stuff.It actively wants you to not mainline the story to get it over with, they want you to go do some of this fun stuff over here! Except it's not really fun, and oh, I could find the next firefighter rescue, or Azrael fight, but I have to comb the entire effing city to do so. In Arkham City and Origins, it would force you to do kind of one of each, or lead you down a wrong door that led to side content, but it did it fairly early, and then they would♥♥♥♥♥♥right off, letting the story take center stage, not this ""oh, well you've done 3 main story missions, its time for you to do some side content"" ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥.Mechanically, kind of the same story as above. It lacks character, the same feeling that the earlier games in the series had. It kind of feels like Rocksteady really just wanted to make any game that wasn't this one, because boy let me tell you, they absolutely cannot get enough of that Batmobile. Does it handle well? No, but it can turn into a tank. Is the environment designed with the Batmobile in mind? Well, sort of, but due to the aforementioned handling comparable to a cow in a supermarket trolley, the AI will always be a better driver than you. Is it fun? Potentially, but all of the controls are slow to respond, and placed in awkward positions on the gamepad, so you know, good luck with that.And speaking of the gamepad, whose dimwit idea was it to put AR and Missions on the D-Pad?!?!?! OF ALL PLACES. What, was the back menu getting too crowded with its 4 items?!?! I cannot tell you how many times I want to just switch to a gadget, because Gel is always left on the D-Pad. Remode Batarangs are Upper Right. Hacker is Lower Right. But no. I have to hold the Down input, which pauses the game, then you have to rotate the thumbstick to select, then its equipped, so then you can use it.Did some numbskull go to the Metal Gear school of inventory management and think that was a good idea for the next iteration of an already streamlined and intuitive interface? It breaks the last shed of immersion of me being able to feel like I'm the gawd-damn BATMAN because it's such a huge pain in the♥♥♥♥♥to switch gadgets, that I just don't even bother with them. In Origins, it's super easy and fun for me to set up a Rube Goldberg machine of sheer pants-wetting, bat-related, ""i-hope-he-doesn't-do-bad-things-to-my-butt"" terror, and in Knight, it's really just ""sod it, I guess I'll just sneak up behind this guy and give him a naptime hug. Oh, there's his buddy, I'll give him a hug, too.""I'll wind up finishing this game, because hey, I already spent the money, but for my money, I'd much rather recommend Arkham City and Arkham Origins over this one."
76561198171841341,Recommended,208650,29491613,Posted: 25 January,all,sprayburk56,"It works fine after getting the settings right. Had a lot of crashing at first, but changing some graphics settings seems to have fixed it.I enjoyed the batmobile battles, they get easier once you get the hang of it. Personally, the rest of the game is worth sitting through some tank battles, especially you have the DLCs. I would recommend getting the season pass since there are a lot of small DLCs for this game.TL;DR it is a possibly awesome game."
76561197977604595,Not Recommended,208650,28811232,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,Gl1tch,"Same batman atmosphere as the previous games in the series. The voice acting and motion capture is top notch. WB have also fixed the previous framerate and jittering issues that plagued early release. The combat is still good and the world is very well realised.However, the Batmobile is a big negative factor. The car moves more like a hovercraft than an actual car and the tank mode is just, well, dull. Its the same combat over and over again with a very slow and methodical approach with enemies that just sit there and fire at you. The waypoints also glitch out on persuits and point you in the wrong direction or get stuck marking out an intersection. This wouldn't usually be such a big negative apart from the fact that the games designers seem to have tried to shoehorn it into every possible situation.  I just find myself gettig more annoyed with the niggles than enjoying the game. Shame really."
,Not Recommended,208650,20280147,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,achthenuts,"Even with the highest performance, still can't went smooth."
,Recommended,208650,21267994,"Posted: 16 February, 2016",all,Marksiepro,Game works now.
76561198083089019,Recommended,208650,20725734,"Posted: 24 January, 2016",all,The Swedish Flying Giraffe,"I love the game but the Batmobil takes the spotlight a little to much. The tanks battles feels out of place, Like tank battles in a Batman game? Other than that there is not much to complain on except the ghastly PC port. I guess because I post this review A bit late The PC Port should be pached up by now. The main story is  interesting and even Funny at some points and the gameplay is awesome like all the Other Batman Arkham Games. Rate: 7,9/10"
76561198136183865,Recommended,208650,29471534,Posted: 24 January,all,theahmedah,"simply the best batman experience up to date with the exception of the overuse of batmobile and the lack of one on one boss fights, but here i wanted to say that i played the game with low or normal settings without technical issues (only crashed once)"
,Recommended,208650,22049914,"Posted: 25 March, 2016",all,[HFG]iDestructive,Crashes on start up Q_Q_Q_Q_Q_QQ_Q_Q_Q_Q_Q_Q makes me wanna cry!Q_Q__Q_Q_Q_Q_Q_Q_Q_Q_Q_Q_Q_Q_Q____________________QQQQQQQQQQQ____Q_Q_Q__Q_Q_Q_Q_Q_Q__Q_Q__Q_QQ_Q_Q_Q__Q_Q_ You're Fired
76561198190783650,Recommended,208650,18966502,"Posted: 8 November, 2015",all,DR9610,This is a review after the patch. The game is playable now. no issues. I am using an ASUS ROG laptop
76561198054069555,Recommended,208650,24268470,"Posted: 11 July, 2016",all,junn0,Best game for 2016! Holy cow!
76561198061535955,Recommended,208650,23758587,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,#dmcs,Best game I've ever played
,Recommended,208650,29477077,Posted: 24 January,all,prop_static,"I love driving the batmobile around and gliding over and past buildings in different skins.the graphics are  the best i have seen for a while along with the water physics. this time i actually bothered to collect all Ridllers trophies just so i could punch him in the face for making me find them all, and just as numerous as the advertisments that were made for this game are the side quests that will keep you busy for a good 10 hours or so after you beat the living moonlight out of crane.my only complaints are that a pretty big number of the side missions are you doing the same thing over and over for example azraels missions why did batman only test azraels fighting skills? why not subject him to predator challenges where you must avoid being seen or detective work where you try a figure out a simulated crime.over all this is my favorite batman game right now all it needed was some more creativity in the side quests"
,Not Recommended,208650,16677505,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,Rhyder,There is nothing new about what I am gonna say: this game is unoptimized garbage
,Recommended,208650,18023160,"Posted: 13 September, 2015",all,Luk,"I'm writing this in 13th of September 2015, with the current patch the game worked really well for me. 100%'d it at about 39 hours (looking at the Steam client number)Really well polished game, great gameplay, story, soundtrack and visuals. Plenty of content too. I guess the Batmobile (which is about 45% of the game) is hit or miss for some people, but for me it was a hit.This was probably my favorite of the Arkham games too. I don't think I'd change anything about it.And by the way, thanks WB Games for not leaving PC users behind (fixing the port was the right thing to do). I'm glad I didn't return the game instead of waiting for the patch. I hope this doesn't happen again with WBG PC ports though.My specs:GTX980i7 4970k16gb RAMSamsung SSDPlaying with everything maxed, every special effect except for Nvidia smoke is on, 1080 resolution. Getting some drops (to 50 at worst iirc) on the Batmobile when moving fast, but that's it I think on FPS drops."
76561198074229472,Recommended,208650,33390533,Posted: 8 July,all,Momo,the best batman game series
76561198040803975,Not Recommended,208650,25654826,"Posted: 23 September, 2016",all,Shazzamx,"First let me say that I was looking forward to playing this, but am in no way a fanboy of the series. It just looked cool, so I wanted to try it. Now I did som reading up on it and saw the depressing reviews concerning the PC port, so I waited, bought it once it was relaunced on steam and on discount so wonderful. 'Unfortunately I can't seem to get into the enjoyment of the game. the sound stutters and cuts out completely at times. The camera controls are bad and even at low grafic I get stutters.The controls for the PC if you don't have a gamepad are stupid, and makes it (for me atleast) impossible to use all the bats moves, gadgets etc fluently...Frankly I got bored and frustrated fast due to this. Getting stuck in missions with no hints as to what to do, or just button mashing because the controls suck. Now you might be better at this then me, so good for u, but for me I can't see me completing this game and am just gratefull I got it at a 75% discount on steam... not worth much more imo."
76561198255981573,Recommended,208650,26549953,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,Lishay^,better than minecraft
,Not Recommended,208650,16656275,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,Eclipsa,"I personally have no problem playing this game for the first hour when i get to a certain point of the game i realised that some audios didn't match the subtitles and the current condition,  when i look at some articles saying that this game's still have some performances problem, i can't recommended this game in this state of condition, as you can see in kotaku, they have a very sad footage of the game with the lowest setting is unplayable for pc gamers"
,Recommended,208650,21063194,"Posted: 8 February, 2016",all,Jonein,"Personally, I've only ever run into one major issue, a time where I fell throught the map, but nothing like it has happened since. Even though it does mostly work, the only issue I have with it is crashing. Other than that, it works perfectly fine for me. I get an acceptable frame rate on my decent rig of around 45-60+ fps on average with the ocassiaonal choke for a split second or it dropping to around 20-30, but i really don't notice it since I'm new to PC from console. I've read you need around 12 GB of RAM to run, even though it recommends 6 GB, but I only have 8 GB and it still runs fine for me.Here is my build:- Asus M59A7 Motherboard- AMD FX 6300 3.5 GHz (with a DeepCool Gammax 300 Fan)- G.skill Ripjaws X Series 8 GB (2x4 GB) DDR3 2133- Asus Radeon R7 360 Series 2GB- ADATA 2.5'' SATA 6 GB/s (120 GB) SSD- Corsair CW750 power supply (750 W)"
76561198067110005,Recommended,208650,24304996,"Posted: 13 July, 2016",all,Pat5800,"After hearing the horror story of a launch this game had I skiped it despite being a game I was very very excited for. Haveing loved the previous two titles in the Arkham series I was dissapointed and appalled that Rocksteady would release the game in the state it was in. Flash forward to the steam summer sale 2016 when after seeing the price I thought ""why not"". This ended up being a great decision. I was quite frankly blown away at the quality of this game. It has everything I loved about the other games in the series with a bigger world to explore. While I still hold Arkham City as my favorite in the series and a nearly flawless piece of entertainment I can't fault Knight for not living up to the standards that in all honesty I knew it would never meet. While there are some complaints I had, some very boring side quests that take all of 5 minutes to complete, an over emphasis on the batmobile, etc, I feel that the good very much outweights the bad."
76561198094578600,Recommended,208650,23302164,"Posted: 30 May, 2016",all,GreenMonster,Perfect ending for Batman Arkham series. Shame it didn't have a good boss fight.After the updates the performance became better but still you will receive some lags even if you put the texture on normal ( I have a gtx 960 4gb and that was my experience)the game-play developed so great in this game. Bat-mobile is as enjoyable as sex in this game.Lastly I recommend this game for those who played the last two game of series and those who didn't.This game is phenomenal
76561198204736404,Not Recommended,208650,19218413,"Posted: 22 November, 2015",all,lavonta314,can someone tell  whats wrong i bought the game yesterday installed it and now its telling me that theres a problem  that causing the game not to work whats wrong
76561198142006642,Recommended,208650,30026319,Posted: 18 February,all,agent007,Best Arkham game ever!!!  ♥
,Recommended,208650,31476879,Posted: 30 April,all,mitochondria,It's the freakin' bat xD
,Recommended,208650,29955000,Posted: 15 February,all,MILF Fifty Shades of Mama Luigi,Almost cried tears of joy when I saw the batmobile destroyed.But Batman had a spare.....
76561197975820221,Recommended,208650,19018806,"Posted: 11 November, 2015",all,Evs62,"Awesome, never had an issue."
,Recommended,208650,19024114,"Posted: 11 November, 2015",all,Dooby-Scoo,"Unfortunately, Arkham Knight still suffers from serious performance issues, however, I was able to fix pretty much everything by setting the resolution to 2550*1440, even though I have a 1920*1080 monitor. God knows. I feel bad for Rocksteady because once you get past the technical issues Arkham Knight is a downright fantastic game. Do your research to find out if your card works with it, and if it does then I highly recommend you pick it up."
76561198085375937,Recommended,208650,25577009,"Posted: 18 September, 2016",all,日本の少年,"Now, I pre ordered this game and held off on giving a review for a while. I happened to be very lucky and day one had the game running fine for me. I understand that it doesn't run well for many people but I would say this game is worth it. The combat, story, and everything is the best this series has to offer. This review is mostly to state, be careful when buying this. Its basically a flip of a coin if it works or not, but I would honestly risk it to try this game out, especially with the steam refund policy."
76561198141467455,Recommended,208650,25576358,"Posted: 18 September, 2016",all,SnoKingXBL,One of the best in the series in terms of fun.The batmobile is sooooo much fun.They even sped up the fighting mechanics. :OThe only complaint is the random frame drops and the voice of batman.
,Recommended,208650,25576377,"Posted: 18 September, 2016",all,󠀡Subhan345,"BEST BATMAN GAME TO DATE.I've played Asylum, City, Origins but out of all of them Arkham Knight takes 1st Place in best batman game. The story itself is unique and will surprise you numerous times (in my opinion the best batman campaign story to date). You can now drive the batmobile which makes you feel more like batman. Everything from Combat to upgrades has been improved. Their are endless ways on how to take out enemies by deciding which gadget or stealth approach to use. Also the scenery in this game is more breathtaking than the previous titles. The graphics in this game are one of the best I've ever since in any video game, you can't tell if you're in a cutscene or playing the actual game at many points.This game runs perfectly for me, with no problems. I can play at a stable 70fps at high settings with the GTX 1060 SC. The PC version got bad reviews at launch but now the game is amazing. The only problem with this game is launching it. When you click on the game icon you have to wait a bit for the game to launch. It isn't really a problem since you have to wait 30+ seconds but other than the game taking longer to launch I don't see any problems.You can actually make it launch faster and skip intro videos HERE!http://pcgamingwiki.com/wiki/Batman:_Arkham_KnightIf you're a Batman fan, you will love this game. 10/10"
76561197976769245,Recommended,208650,25576691,"Posted: 18 September, 2016",all,Barricade,"Game works perfectly fine and runs well a year after its release. Well worth the 10 dollars that I got it on sale for- especially if you're a fan of batman.i5-4690k16 Gigs of RAMWin 10GTX660 & GTX1060 (Upgraded during this time)Update: Finally getting near the end of the game. Wow. I'm not a huge comic book fan, so I don't know the entire ins and outs of the batman lore- but I've loved seeing everything unfold in front of me. Definitely a great telling of a strong story. I'm sad it's ended- but I'm still able to go back and purchase Arkham City to get my kicks again...I wish they weren't done with the franchise. Great game and would love to play more of."
,Recommended,208650,25577171,"Posted: 18 September, 2016",all,darkranium,"This game is running very nicely on my pc. I have gtx 970 with 16 of ram and i% cpu, running it on 1440p resolution. Usually fps is around 60, sometimes dips to 45 but only outside and you don't even feel it to be honest. Just get it and play it for 2 hours, if you don't like how it runs then refund it but if it runs well I promise you it is a good purchase."
76561198031615465,Recommended,208650,25574849,"Posted: 18 September, 2016",all,Tytanyx,"Gave it a recommendation although I feel like I need to give a bit of a warning. From what I am hearing, the best performance seems to be coming from gamers with the newest NVidia cards. I recently built a computer and while on the ground and in combat, the game stays at a solid 60 on highest settings with enhanced rain turned off at 1920x1080 resolution, there are a few dips. This happens especially if you are in the batmobile or if you are gliding or grappling through Gotham on far distances. Honestly, the frames going up and down remind me of Batman Arkham City: Armored Edition on the WiiU. It's not as bad, but it is noticeable and can be a bit of a problem for some people. Also there are times where the game freezes for a few seconds, but this is rare. Overall the game is fine from what I've played so far, but if you are on the fence, buy the game first and test it. If it is not performing good enough for you, then get a refund.So yeah the port is still not the best, but it is a little better. It's unfortunate because from what I have heard, this is still built on the old UE3 engine and should not have such an issue running on PC.My specs for those who want to know:Intel i5 6500 3.2 GHzAMD RX 480 4GB (MSI GAMING X)1 TB WD Hard Drive120 GB SAMSUNG EVO 750 SSD8GB Hyper X RAM"
76561198040380021,Recommended,208650,25576310,"Posted: 18 September, 2016",all,betosanchito,"I bought this game on 9/17/2016 or the day before..   Im not experiencing the problems ,i read in other reviews, that kept me from purchasing this game.  Maybe I waited long enough for the problems to be fixed; Im not sure.   This is the best batman game I have played though, and I have played them all."
76561198107927147,Recommended,208650,25606814,"Posted: 20 September, 2016",all,alanch90,"Ok, so I pre oredered it and played it to 100, on my pc (i7, 16 g ram, gtx970) it didnt have any game-breaking bugs but it did have several graphical problems. Tried it again at the December 2015 with the big patch and it actually broke my game, it did run worse. Refunded and just recently (Sept 2016) decided to give it another chance. Bottom line: now it definetly runs BETTER, smooth 60 fps although cant use some steamworks features (fog, interactive papers). I´ve not run into any glitch or grapchical bug or crashes so far.So if your worries about this game are from the performance perspective, dont worry anymore. Although it is kind of infuriating that this is the state that the game should have been launched originally."
,Recommended,208650,34223325,Posted: 13 August,all,WonderOfTheWall,"I CAME, to gotham obviously"
76561198048768349,Not Recommended,208650,34181013,Posted: 11 August,all,mikehuu,"it doesnt load, and Eso does"
76561198279203774,Recommended,208650,21988692,"Posted: 22 March, 2016",all,dhumantorch,"I enjoy this game immensely.  It was difficult to get playability information for various machines, so I'll list what I have:Alienware Alphai3 processorWindows 8.15400 RPM HDD (that's the hard drive if anyone didn't know)16 GB RAMIt initially had horrid display (couldn't see past white flare) so I turned the resolution down to the very lowest, and then it ran.  Hardcore PC gamers would consider it shoddy display, but I'm not picky, and it compares well enough to the XBOX 360 I'm used to.  Point being, it works.Things to note, if you haven't researched:Windows 10 is said to need 12 GB of RAM, at least, to play well.Windows 7 is said to have issues with extended play.i3 is not the best processor out there, many people recommend i5 for gaming.  So that's impressive.5400 HDD is neither solid-state, nor 7200.  It's not a very fast drive.  Also impressive.16 GB RAM is a strong amount of RAM.  So it'd better run.As for the game itself, it's everything you'd expect an Arkham game to be.  Legends that they overuse the batmobile are...somewhat true, but the game mechanics of the batmobile aren't broken, so it's not something one can't handle.  The batmobile is splendidly done.This is a good game.  The plot is better than that of Arkham City, and the combat/gadgets are glorious.  Also, we get Nightwing.  Buy it with the DLC, especially since it's a frequent sale item, it seems.8/10?  Well, it's Batman.  9/10."
,Recommended,208650,33356692,Posted: 7 July,all,Rustalavista,BEST GAME EVER
,Recommended,208650,33378856,Posted: 8 July,all,Bruce Wayne,"One of the best games I've played so far. Combat was flawless, and you get to be Batman. What more could you ask? The only thing I would change is the tank combat, it was fun but it felt too forced."
,Recommended,208650,33373416,Posted: 8 July,all,Acrux,love it . I would recommend it to everyone
,Recommended,208650,33384248,Posted: 8 July,all,TitanBoy,best game ever
76561198066052312,Recommended,208650,23985533,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,iSeth,And now it's sort of working!
76561198041576776,Recommended,208650,33111691,Posted: 1 July,all,blackmike0,-UPDATE- 7/1/2017NVM. Controler works now...  Still less the one hr in.--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------Cant get any of my controlers to work and I dont use Kb&M for these kind of games. less than an hour spent so far...
76561198079989182,Recommended,208650,18964458,"Posted: 8 November, 2015",all,Chuck Nades,"Against all of the recommendations I decided to buy this game. Started out playing with an Nvidia GTX 670 on medium settings and had it crash maybe twice. Played fine after that for a while, but decided to upgrade to a GTX 980ti to see what I was missing with the graphics turned all the way up. Gotta say the game looks stunning and never had a crash after those first two.Awesome game with plenty of playthrough."
76561198129332958,Recommended,208650,17674108,"Posted: 23 August, 2015",all,mysticblueguitarplayer,"Another epic trilogy is over. First Nolan's, now Arkham. And both of them managed to raise the dark knight to unbelievable heights. Unlike the movie, the game literally makes you 'be the Batman', experience the struggle of a fearless vigilante against the largest gangland the world has ever seen. In the finale of the Arkham trilogy Rocksteady studios play their last card and remind us that, first of all, a world famous superhero is...a simple human being like you and I, when, inspite of everything, no matter how strong you are, your heart and the ability to feel will crush even the unbreakable ones. This time Batman's humanity is exposed to everyone. We've never seen the mighty night cry, doubt or blame himself. We've never seen him weak or suffering, let alone feeling sorry for him. One night will turn his world upside down and make us, the players, worry about the unstoppable, as we thought before, icon of the world culture.To my mind, Rocksteady studios were able to create not only the best game about Batman but the best superhero game ever. After all there is no better way to know what it feels like to be a superhero...because the dark knight, a human, is the closest one to you or me. Not a mutant, not a god or a bitten by genetically raised spider student from Marvel's universe. 'Be the Batman'. Anyone can be the batman.That's the whole idea of the dark knight. No matter who behind the mask is. What matters is what kind of person you are.I don' know what Affleck will do with Batman and I don't really care because for me everything great that could happen to my favorite character has already happened. These two trilogies is the summit of the dark knight's glory.Applause. Curtains down."
76561197970457330,Recommended,208650,17585632,"Posted: 17 August, 2015",all,Dick Mission,"If you liked the other Batman games, you'll love this one. I haven't had any of the problems other people have reported, it's been smooth since launch for me. Awesome story, awesome gameplay, can't wait for the DLC. 10/10 loved every second of it."
,Recommended,208650,17713938,"Posted: 25 August, 2015",all,4cylinder,"Update: Re-reviewing in 2017. I have a GTX1070 Mini now and my 1440p performance is rock solid at highest settings minus Gameworks.The storyline is fantastic, and I loved how the side missions introduced a few lesser-known characters like Kirk Langstrom and Professor Pyg to players who may not follow the comics. The Arkham Knight himself was a bit of a letdown for Batman fans like me, because we knew right off the bat he wasn't actually ""100% original"" unlike what Rocksteady claimed last year. However, he was still a well designed character IMO.There are numerous clever references to classic graphic novels and memorable moments from the 1990's Animated Series (where Kevin Conroy first started his Batman voicing career). See if you can spot the references to the Long Halloween and The Dark Knight Returns!The Batmobile sections are the big letdown (turning into a rather boring shooter), and some Riddler trials which require it are especially frustrating (the 9th one to save Catwoman took me over 20 attempts!). Fortunately, the on-foot sections are the same Arkham gameplay we know and love, but in much larger playing fields than before.Anyone who enjoyed the previous Arkham games will have a great time with Arkham Knight!"
,Recommended,208650,18928100,"Posted: 7 November, 2015",all,fasolfasol,"I guess they just renamed Arkham Knight.ps4 as a Arkham Knight.exe :/ yet game is playable for me but only with SSD, somehow HDD (WD Blue) can't handle with this game :Shttps://youtu.be/A8PpSky56e4Gameplay     : 8/10Content        : 6/10Optimization: 2/10"
76561198253922975,Recommended,208650,19450239,"Posted: 2 December, 2015",all,will.monster1,I love it; no complaints here😀😀
76561197964320553,Recommended,208650,19351925,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,WarrenBerry,I liked it. Turn off the Nvidia stuff. lags.
,Recommended,208650,19355668,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,borekk,"May have been buggy when it first came out, may still be buggy for some. Has been perfectly fine in my playthrough with no hitching or framerate issues....can't help but to recommend it."
76561198082141498,Recommended,208650,19538441,"Posted: 6 December, 2015",all,smithx807,"First things first, this game is not optimized. At the highest settings, it's absolutely stunning at how lifelike the character models are. However, (with nvidia 980m 8gb vram) I'll go from 60 fps to 30 fps randomly it seems. I'll be able to drive just fine at 60 fps, but when I'm staring at a rooftop, I'll get 30. And no matter what settings I turn off/on, it performs the exact same. But the good thing is I only get crashes about as much as the previous Arkham games.Also, in the developer's defense, GTAV had almost lifelike graphics and effects as well, and it took like 2 years extra for a pc port?Anyways, the storyline so far is pretty good. I've only played it for a few hours. It needs less Robin, more Catwoman though.Update: It seems (for me) the fps loss isn't related to what you're doing or how many npcs there are, but where you are in Gotham. So when driving the batmobile or in combat, you may experience sudden fps loss, which makes it feel a little more frantic."
,Recommended,208650,19978234,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,Sandro Mactavish,"Its best Batman game i ever played  and best game in Arkham series if we dont count lags game crashes at start of release but i dont had this issues with game crashing gliches and freezing i only had little lag but now its playable but its best game last 4 years it have amazing grafics even on low settings ok now i say about Story, Gameplay,Characters and Voice acting gameplay mehanics is little changed Rocksteady added new takedowns fear takedown its my favorite i think everyone will like it player can takedown 5 hechmen same time if they are close and after upgrade withous upgrade its only 3 freeflow combat system is good but i think Arkham City had better because its easy to loose combo here but dual team takedown its cool thing story is very interesting and you want to finish it theres all Villains Scarecrow Arkham Knight Two-Face Penguin Harley Quinn Deathstroke Firefly Riddler Poison Ivy Joker in hallucinations Hush and many others but they are in DLCs batmobile is fun to drive and shoot tank drones and fly in sky Gotham City now is bigger but again its not All Gotham voice acting its best very good Batman is Kevin Conroy and Joker is Mark Hammil and Troy baker is many characters Arkham Knight Two Face and Robin he doing good hell of job with voice acting Also he voice acting in lego batman as batman and joker In arkham Origins and i liked new voices of Jim Gordon and Scarecrow its big game theres many achievements AR Challenges but they are little boring but season pass if you are fan or if you like this game theres good content of DLCs Batman Sking Batmobile Skins AR Challenge maps and Arkham Episode December DLCs are best They add 4 most Wanted missions Mad Hatter, Ras al Ghul, Killer Croc and Mr Freeze about Arkham Episodes they are very short 12 minutes each only Matter of Family was little long. Ending was very good its good ending of Batman Arkham Series after playing 100 hours i still saying its best game and i still want to play it again and again its Best game of 2015 but i dont know why dont give them awards or game of the year only because it lags on PC i recommend to buy it if you are comics fan or batman fan still buy it its Amazing Game and very good game again"
76561198001647356,Recommended,208650,20455734,"Posted: 10 January, 2016",all,Morzhabyss,"Одна из лучших игр 2015го года. Жаль, что старт был омрачён проблемами с производительностью, но игра шикарная, да и проблемы в конечном итоге все решили."
76561198183741950,Recommended,208650,24745851,"Posted: 6 August, 2016",all,SY,I haven't played for  a long time but I have to say it's a awesom game. I don't have any running or tech problem with my GTX 960m and the fight is smooth. I've been waiting long for this game and I think it's good enough now to enjoy it.
76561198149987365,Recommended,208650,29478905,Posted: 25 January,all,PainKiller[HUN],I really don't understand all the negative feedback... This game is legendary!
76561198049839731,Recommended,208650,20433909,"Posted: 9 January, 2016",all,sealcolor,"This game is as good as previous titles were, however spoiled by bad quality of initial release."
76561197960807382,Recommended,208650,25595566,"Posted: 19 September, 2016",all,Pr0phet cs.money,"Saw alot of negative reviews. I was able to play this with all of the settings at max with a i7-4790k and gtx 980. No problems at all, the mechanics in the game is fantastic and the story is really nice. Would highly recommend it. Had a blast playing it. The only negative part is the ♥♥♥♥♥♥ ridler (if you have played it you know how annoying that guy and his missions are)."
76561198056308572,Recommended,208650,25590602,"Posted: 19 September, 2016",all,Black Tom Ash,"I played Arkham Knight twice, first before the latest fixes and then after the patch. Overall I enjoyed the game, despite the infamous problems with the PC port. In its current state it is definitely playable, even though some problems are still there, especially while driving the even more infamous Batmobile.Combat is great, however the lack of real boss fights is a big, big flaw. Far too much tank combat, as everyone's been saying since the game's release, and overall too much Batmobile. Great environments and graphics, cool gadgets and combat moves, I only wish there were some non-tank bosses, and there are none.The story is decent, some parts are really great, however I find the whole Scarecrow plot annoying in a Nolan-like way. You know, there is no hope, the bad guys are invincible, have unlimited resources and will always screw you no matter what you do and so on. No spoilers intended, but the whole game has that ""hopelessness & despair"" feel that always irritated me in Nolan's second and third Dark Knight movies (I still consider Batman Begins the best movie in the trilogy). All this was far worse than the Arkham Knight's true identity most players and reviewers have been complaining about. IMHO the final showdown makes absolutely no sense, but again, no spoilers. The ending is also very Nolan-ish, again in an annoying way.However, despite the game's many shortcomings, I still feel like recommending it. It's in no way as good as Asylum or City, and even the largely underrated Origins had those great boss battles and cool gadgets that made it more challenging and enjoyable than Knight. I'd say it's a 7 or 7.5/10 overall."
76561198074671567,Not Recommended,208650,25586095,"Posted: 19 September, 2016",all,Apo[C],"I buy it on sales when I thought this game finally can be play without bugs,crash etc.And yet i was wrong.I really want to play this game,and my rigs is more than enough to handle this abominationAMD FX 63008GB ramgtx 950win 10and the system dont want me to evening the odds.so yeah,time to refunds"
,Recommended,208650,25586817,"Posted: 19 September, 2016",all,Dickatchu,I've been playing this straight 3 hours and absolutely zero crashes or any problems.I have stable 80 fps on 144hz monitorMy systemWin 10i7-4790k @ 4ghzZotac 1070 Amp extreme16gb hyperx fury DDR3 @ 1600mhz
,Not Recommended,208650,25598804,"Posted: 19 September, 2016",all,World's Alternative,"still doesnt♥♥♥♥♥♥♥work. screen stutter and broken fps are still there.buy this game on the console, not on the pc"
76561198143750334,Recommended,208650,30562315,Posted: 16 March,all,Awkward Puppet,"Aside from a few sputters during the animation when entering the Batmobile and the FPS cap at 30, I didn’t experience any of the problems many PC players were experiencing with the game. If any dark, rainy, dirty and downtrodden city could be beautiful, it’s Gotham in Arkham Knight.------------This game is simply fantastic, because it has a story, to really put the willies, the Gameplay is just as beautiful, the graphics are a monster (perhaps the best existing to date) characters really well made and with many trick, and clashes really fantastic , largely to the finals or against the bosses, the controls are very simple to learn, and yet is full of moves, for each type of enemy. (I do not understand people who judge the game, for the various problems we had at the launch of the game.) The grades are:gameplay : 99/100graphics : 100/100story 99/100location : 98/100batmobile : 96/100"
,Not Recommended,208650,17272944,"Posted: 28 July, 2015",all,Deadman Merk,The game is great until the end. The whole point of the game was the Joker Toxin in his blood and they throw that away right at the end for some frilly ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t ending. ♥♥♥♥ you Rocksteady. ♥♥♥♥ you WB. ♥♥♥♥ you anyone who feels the need to justify their asinine actions. Also ♥♥♥♥ you in general.
,Not Recommended,208650,20986715,"Posted: 5 February, 2016",all,megablue,"The game has amazing cinematic experience, the graphic details are just astonishing, the control and combat are fluid, you actually feel like you're the batman when you play this game. That being said, the game is still extremely buggy as of the time i wrote this review. Most notably it crashes randomly out of nowhere which greatly diminished the enjoyable gameplay experience. if you can endure random crashes wiping your progress in between save points go ahead and get this game. Otherwise look away unless you get it for extremely cheap price."
76561198135603835,Recommended,208650,31111584,Posted: 13 April,all,TodboT,Yes
76561198092780730,Recommended,208650,34475855,Posted: 25 August,all,ZenLaing,This is one of the best games ever! I felt in Batman's head all along and I could simply NOT stop playing. Can't wait for the next one :D
,Recommended,208650,28959380,Posted: 2 January,all,tree kanagarroo,good game :)
,Recommended,208650,17149726,"Posted: 20 July, 2015",all,Deathflame,other than the locked frame rate this game is outstanding
,Recommended,208650,16888477,"Posted: 4 July, 2015",all,limau,"I've been waiting for this since it was announced. The final chapter of Rocksteady's trilogy. It surely did not disappoint.Arkham Knight is a great blend of good story-telling, fun gameplay mechanics, challenging puzzles and amazing graphics. Rocksteady really did go all out on this one (Except PC version). And thank you, guys, for this.I love how they seamlessly incorporate events from the comics into the main story. Getting to see those events from a new perspective is refreshing. Scanning for evidence using video footage is cool. Rewinding and fowarding, scanning all the different panels and stuff made me feel like a detective.The game also made me play like Batman would. I planned out my moves, more often than not, in this one with all the new gadgets provided. No more jump-in, beat thugs, fly out for cooldown, repeat. #BeTheBatman indeed.The Batmobile is a polarizing topic. Some love it, some hate it. When I first used the Batmobile, I thought it was cool. It's new. I felt powerful. But that didn't last very long. The Batmobile missions became an annoyance at some point. Using it as a tool is fun but going against 30+ tanks and missiles and drones is not fun. That said, the Batmobile did not kill the game for me. It is the least fun part in an awesome game.I also feel like the puzzles in this one is more challenging than ever. Maybe it's just me, but it took me a while to complete the Riddler's puzzle trophies. The Riddler's Revenge side quest as a whole took me a few nights to complete.With all that said, Arkham Knight is such a great game. Having beaten it, I'm gonna go out and say that Arkham Knight is the best out of the Rocksteady trilogy. If you're a fan of the series, like me, don't miss this one. Play it now. PS4, Xbone, PC (when they re-release)"
,Not Recommended,208650,17207734,"Posted: 24 July, 2015",all,Screlch,"This game crashes frequently and is rarely above 20 fps. This is a terrible port of a mediocre game at best. The batmobile is probably the worst part of this game, especially when in combat. You just move around in battle mode avoiding the enemy tanks guns which is extremely easy. It is also relies on the batmobile for mission too much. the first fight with it is fun but after the 5th mission blowing up tanks it gets very repetative. The best part of the game is the fact that joker is in the game. He is the best character in the whole game and the most entertaining.3 Jokers insulting my dead parents/ 10"
76561198099493766,Not Recommended,208650,17218336,"Posted: 25 July, 2015",all,RadiantIke,"This game could be so good but it just isn't, im sure you've heard of the bad pc port but besides that the game shoves the bat tank if your face every chance it gets with it less than exciting tank fights and stupid gadgets. there was also prepurchase dlc that took me less than 30 minutes to beat where you play as harley quinn, which has some interesting points but could have been so much better. overall a dissapointing end to the Dark Knight's games from rocksteady. Id suggest going back to arkham city or asylum. Furthermore, i just realized, there is PS4 exclusive extras in the game that pc players will never get to enjoy even if they preorded it. I used to think this game was fixable but that is just plain rude to the fans of the games and have to give this game a 3/10. if there wasn't exclusive ps4 it would only get a 5/10 so dont feel too bad rocksteady, just try to be a better company next time"
,Recommended,208650,17174083,"Posted: 22 July, 2015",all,MackT,Finished the main campaign and it's the best Batman for me in terms of gameplay. I thought it reached its best with the previous ones but they still improve the mechanics and everything works fine. I just deplore some slowdowns while the engine has to draw the whole city outside and when you are in the batmobile. Otherwise the game is pretty enjoyable as long as you don't suffer the potential problems listed here and there.
,Recommended,208650,17220598,"Posted: 25 July, 2015",all,Lille Mand,"What a shame this game has some ports problems, but I didn't have any problems by runing the game or any lags issues. I really like this game, but now I just miss my DLC's to continue the amazing game."
,Recommended,208650,24092166,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,duffeknol,"Well, after the nightmare that was the PC release, it's fine now. Let's just get that out of the way first. I have a mid-range computer, cranked a few things to max, left a few options on low and the performance is just fine. Hitting about 50fps which is okay by me. The game looks absolutely beautiful.The game's flaws are very few, and only Batmobile related. Though the thing (mostly) handles fine, sometimes the game tends to rely on it a bit too much, with nonsense races and silly shoot 40 tanks sections. Though that's like 1% of the game if you look at the larger whole. You can still just choose to explore the city by foot and cape, like the good lord intended.The story is where the game truly shines. It's the best one yet. I've finished all the other Arkham games and found all the Riddler trophies in all of them, and loved them all in their own way. Even the mediocre Origins had a few moments of brilliance to it. But this, this game... man, it's basically perfect. It's a combination of everything that made Asylum and City great. So much eye for detail, so much content (try talking to the NPCs after any major story thing happens, everyone, no matter how unimportant they are, has multiple different reactions), so much to see and do.Pros:StoryGraphicsBizarre amount of contentFeel like the Batman like never beforeStupid amount of villainsCons:Overreliance on BatmobileSimply too many Riddler trophies to still be fun"
76561197995632045,Not Recommended,208650,16661814,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,eduardoxrj,The game doesn't load.
76561198115870480,Recommended,208650,24265514,"Posted: 11 July, 2016",all,SatanTheNoscoper,Ran very well on my computer. Much better than what it was a year ago. I highly reccomend this game to anyone who is a fan of batman. One of the best games of 2015. 11/10
,Recommended,208650,28919364,Posted: 1 January,all,awawaw,Batman Batman Batman Batman Batman Batman Batman Batman Batman  Batman Batman Batman BatmanBatmans-Batman-Batman-Batman-BatmanBatmans-Batman-Batman-BatmanBatmanBatmanBatmanBatman                     Batman/Batman
,Not Recommended,208650,28929169,Posted: 1 January,all,LONEDEADWOLF,I cant in good faith recommend this game. I just love the Bartman  Story... I just eat it all up. On the other hand this game plays like a sports car in a mudd  pull race. It just stutters like insanely. Driving is a mess when your framerate drops for no reason . This game just seems like it was badly optimized. The game looks stunning in 4K. I mean stunning as in OMG its a masterpiece but whats the point if even at lower resolutions your immersion gets taken away by frame drops and stuttering when playing it... It is a good looking game but it plays like garbage and i have a pretty good machine ( i can play most games maxed 4K ) This game plays smoothly before it just dips down and stutters like hell. Rocksteady should feel ashame of this game.... selling people a broken game.   No one remembers history huh.... keep selling broken games and watch the game market take a dip..... making mistakes like this and history has a habbit of repeating itself......game market crash!!!
,Not Recommended,208650,18750690,"Posted: 29 October, 2015",all,wut,No thanks.
,Not Recommended,208650,16680823,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,M.L,This game sucks for PC users great for consoles...I dont recommend this game at all for PC.
76561198001028913,Not Recommended,208650,16680888,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,Titan of Grim,"Since most of the other reviews are primarily focused on how♥♥♥♥♥♥poor the optimization is, I'll attempt to bring in some balance.This is the type of game you buy a couple months down the road. Don't bother getting it now because you will not get the full Arkham experience. You will be too focused with what you've read here and your brain won't allow you to fully enjoy the game.That being said, under all the garbage this is a great game. With the time I've had the gameplay and story are on point. Just as Assassin's Creed Brotherhood and Revelations built off AC2, Arkham Knight builds off City and Asylum. Combat is fluid and much more enhanced with the new batsuit. The counters, strikes, and combos have more kick to them. There are also plenty of upgrades for combat, batsuit, batmobile, and a few others. The story's characters also develop the deeper you go into the night. Batman goes through plenty of internal twists and turns that add depth and make him more human. The Arkham Knight plays as a relentless villian and compliments the plot well.Overall, this is not a bad game. Don't let what others have posted here influence your opinion. After they fix what's broken there is no reason not to get Arkham Knight. Until then though, stay away."
,Not Recommended,208650,16683075,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,Crisis,Currently unplayable. Don't bother
76561198026498571,Not Recommended,208650,16702497,"Posted: 25 June, 2015",all,DrBrain,I experienced multiple crashes. One glitch nearly broke my savefile. Batman clipped through the building and autosave smartly decided it was a good idea to idea to kick in while Batman was falling into the abyss. This port is flawed. Recommend waiting until they fix the issues before buying.
76561198028746753,Recommended,208650,16703709,"Posted: 25 June, 2015",all,happyapilot,"SPOILER ALERT!!!Running this game on a I7 and a gtx970 strix 16gb.. W7, apart from one hangup, this game was running perfectly with everything turned up high. Game is great fun and attention to detail is superb along with the stealth and or fighting mechanic's superbly done.. just a very great and entertaining game, even wish to replay it only for the joker... priceless!along with all other characters it all just fits and works superbly well.  Like the batmobile and even if you have to use it for riddles or other stuff it's ok, yet the overkill with the drone tanks and not to mention pure and utter frustration taking on those uber tanks with only 1 weak spot and that boss fight.. feels like pure arcade and grinding your way through that to advance the storyline is a huge killer of joy."
76561198068163559,Recommended,208650,16719184,"Posted: 26 June, 2015",all,GARYY,luckly i guess . i could play . the map graphic was clear. the batmoblie was fun to use
76561197973787547,Not Recommended,208650,16782120,"Posted: 29 June, 2015",all,Bouhatsu,"Terrible port coupled with terrible customer treatment from Nvidia, along with shady tactics involving Gameworks. Get it for console, don't support half♥♥♥♥♥♥♥efforts like this for the full $60 at any rate, wait for the Game of The Year version or a massive massive sale."
,Recommended,208650,16818397,"Posted: 30 June, 2015",all,Gilez|FPS #dualiesquad,I have had literally zero problems with this game.
76561198021429727,Not Recommended,208650,16824621,"Posted: 1 July, 2015",all,Domo-Kun,Glad I had a refund from Steam!
76561198051166215,Not Recommended,208650,16865378,"Posted: 3 July, 2015",all,Shikabane Hime,"I cant even play it and enjoy it...freezes, lags and crashes."
76561198139001298,Not Recommended,208650,16936505,"Posted: 7 July, 2015",all,Token5150,Hey uhhh Rocksteady?... can we get some type of sit rep on how the fixes are coming along? My wife dressed up like Harley for the realse of the game but after all the crying and murder she now looks more like the Joker...
76561198105687184,Not Recommended,208650,16969004,"Posted: 9 July, 2015",all,Cydan,"Besides de PC version being as broken as an average Ubisoft or EA game, the story is very cool and dark, had a handful os surprises. But there's a lot of key things missing an explanation. Like:How Scarecrow survived the attack by Killer Croc in the Asylum? Where's Killer Croc? Where's Bane? There's a riddle for him, nothing more. How did hey finance so many drones? How Scarecrow moved so many resources? How did he plan everything and gathered all other villains and Jason? What happened to the Militia Commander? I don't think I ever caught him. What happened do the Arkham Knight after he helped Batman in the Asylum, became Red Hood, just like that? What was that ending of Nightmare Batman?Besides that, there are several and huge let downs, like:No Mister Freeze, despite being a Freeze Blast in the game; No Killer Croc; No epic boss battles like Mister Freeze in AC; overuse of the Batmobile; disappointing Deathstroke battle; No higlighted and defined Silent Predator rooms and Beat 'em up rooms like in the other games and incorporated in to a proper Challenge Mode; not enough race tracks ( about 4 I think); No free roam with Catwoman, Robin and Nightwing! Wich was an awesome feature in AC; speaking of wich, no trophies for Catwoman; the Challenge Mode is awful! You can only do the challenges with Batman, and the ""room"" is shown in a unnecessary augmented reality, the thugs appear as holograms, there are holograms walls making the scenario even smaller, wich offends the original Challenge Mode of the other 3 games!And the pre order bonus made me sick! Don't get me wrong, it was so awesome play as Harley, but her moveset is exactly like Catwoman's! To make matters worse, in about 10 minutes I finished it! And they shoved this bonus down our throats with every trailer! Ridiculous!Bottom line is: Arkham City still better, install it and play it again! I still didn't finish the Riddler's Revenge, and I have been playing for over 60 hours!Verdict: 4/10"
,Recommended,208650,17131511,"Posted: 19 July, 2015",all,TheJangoMango_CS.MONEY,i changed the Max FPS in the config and the game runs just as good as the other batman games
,Not Recommended,208650,17343437,"Posted: 1 August, 2015",all,ridleysamus,"I can't tell which is more depressing: the fact that one of the only games that I was excited for this year came out in a buugy state or the fact that even if this game was bug free, it would have still have been one of the most disappointing games of the year. The fact that they're asking for more money from the season pass from an already severely burnt audience is also incredibly galling."
76561197978739271,Recommended,208650,17498648,"Posted: 11 August, 2015",all,MP 512 M,"Despite all of the game bugs, glitches, and pc un-compatability this is an amazing game with an amzing story. The gameplay (at the lowest graphics) is still great. The combat is wonderful and the game mechanics and physics are near to perfect. All'n all this game is close to Assassins Creed Unity in the situation where the game itself is great but the bugs and glitches pretty much ruin the gaming experience.   -----READ THIS BEFORE BUYING-----I would only buy this game if you are O.K with bugs and glitches and a lazy fps. If you are O.K with ALL of these gaming interruptions then the game is unbelievable. I do recommend this game but ONLY FOR THE GAME ITSLEF NOT THE GAMEPLAY. It is also not fully compatable with PC so you start at an ultra high sensitivity in the game and the only way to change it is to go into the game file and changing it in notepad. THIS HAS BEEN A REVIEW ON BATMAN ARKHAM KNIGHT RIGHT AFTER THE RELEASE.By- A fellow gamer :D"
76561198008819965,Not Recommended,208650,16682386,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,Free Roberto,"SUMMARY: DO NOT BUY ON PC.  If you must Batman, do it on console.  But if you're a PC enthusiast, do not buy at all.  Do not encourage those who disrespect us.The game is fun and the Batmobile is cool, really cool (I do not see eye to eye with anyone who got annoyed with it), but running on an i7 3770k, 16gb ddr3, and a GTX980 and being unable to maintain a 60fps framerate is annoying.  Terrible port.  I leave all gameworks off, turn shadows down to normal, LOD to low, and I still can't be locked at 60fps when gliding around the city?  Oh riiiiiight, I should be playing locked to 30fps.  That's what I bought a top end card for.You're taking the pss, WB.Edit: June 27th patch.  Well it still runs like crap, I frequently get dips below 30 when gliding and driving.  It's nice to see the rain effects, but they are still bugged.  If you quit the game and relaunch it, the rain effects will still be there, but strangely in a permanently diminished effect.  Like they're missing 2 of the 3 rain transparency layers.  It's pretty glaring.  No known workaround that I've encountered so far.I also think this game might have a memory leak, as performance seems to chug more and more as I leave the app running, requiring me to restart it.  Hard to tell, because it never runs optimally.If they manage to make the game run acceptably I will change to a recommendation, because it is indeed fun, but this port is still absolutely horrible."
76561198091077398,Not Recommended,208650,16732002,"Posted: 26 June, 2015",all,MySonIsDead,"This is really dissapointing, I thoroughly enjoyed this game and it's probably the best game i've played all year, it's a huge shame that the PC version had to be this broken. I completely missed the ending scene because it just froze in place, I heard a bunch of noise and then ScareCrow was defeated, I hope they give us some free DLC or something."
,Recommended,208650,16831323,"Posted: 1 July, 2015",all,scsa20,Only got 26.3 Hours in on record and haven't completed the game (yet) but honestly this is probably the best Batman game I've played out of the Arkham series despite all the issues that everyone else having issues with the game. I'm running an AMD FX-9370 with an nVidia GeForce GTX 980 for my primary card and a GTX 650 for my PhysX. Before I switched to those 2 cards I was using a single Raidon HD 7850 which worked just fine on low settings (now I'm able to play at much higher res). Only time I get low frame rate is when I'm in Stagg's research lab for some weird reason but despite that everything else works just fine
,Not Recommended,208650,16889892,"Posted: 5 July, 2015",all,Kctcreeper,Really... Just really? You take so long and put so much effort into a game just to release it unfinished. The game either flickers the whole time in like a strobe light effect or flickers everytime I click with the mouse. I'm amazed that this Game made it on steam in this condition  This was a huge waste of money and everyone that bought the game and decided to keep it for later should get a special reward as a sorry because this is pathetic. Why on earth would you release this if its not even finished. Did you just upload the game not even checking it because that's how it looks. This is by far the biggest disappointment on steam so far and this will be hard to break. If you want this game don't get it here or just wait for a few months for when the review become positive saying it finally works. Well done rocksteady... Well done.
,Not Recommended,208650,16971022,"Posted: 9 July, 2015",all,Stray 嵐狼,"If you want a game with Replayability just go back to the previous Arkham games. This game does not have Challenge Maps at all, you can beat it pretty quickly and most puzzles you can solve on the way to the main missions.There are a bunch of Side Missions however if that is something you enjoyThe Side missions do have some varity which almost make up for no challenge maps however you can't play Side missions again onless you do new game plus.ADDITIONALLY ONE SIDE MISSION WILL MAKE YOU RAGE ALOT. Not Because it is hard, but the very pretense, the setting, and the idea is a pure mockery to Batman, His allies and The Villians it's shameful.However the Boss Fights are just SO BAD. they were just thrown in half require you to have Tank battles in the Bat Mobile. A Few (2) have you fighting henchmen before sneaking up on the Boss or walking to a door to ininate the take down. One boss fight has you sneaking about behind some barrels trying to avoid being seen while you disable explosives than you take down the boss (It's really boring honestly but the circumstance that leads to it might get you in a good mood.You can only play other characters in short sequences that are beat within a minute and as I said before there are no challenge maps. WB Advertisted this game as you going to be able to truely fight with your allies but it's really just 1 minute of switching between Two characters when in catwoman's case needed or In Everyone else's case when you feel like it. At the end you are automatically switched back to batman and you are told to leave that is it.Additionally The Game was released broken by WB Who knew it had issues but released it anyway believing it was good enough leading to it's current fallout.All In All: Compared to Other Arkham games this one is really lacking, Instead of building on what made other Arkham games good and fun to play over and over again they gutted half of it out to make some quick cash with less of the effort put on it."
,Not Recommended,208650,17119963,"Posted: 19 July, 2015",all,Ashman,"infamously broken at launch, yet patched now.its still not a great game, even with bugs fixed the game remains very poorly optimised. the plot is nonsense and the controls feel imprecise.Witcher 3's Geralt acts more like the comic book Batman than the hero of this game, who uses a tank to roll over/murder everyone left in Gotham, all under the guise of non-lethal weaponry.I'd avoid this and pick up Arkham Asylum and Arkham City,"
76561198067683883,Not Recommended,208650,16680418,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,poopface420,there is a game breaking light glitch that makes the game unplayable. is this going to be fixed or should i just refund the game?
,Not Recommended,208650,16680722,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,mish7al,"Shame of a port, was really looking forwared to it and was really surprised by how choppy it was overall, felt cheap and incomplete, shame as i know the game is great :(PS4 version on the otherhand .."
,Not Recommended,208650,16680988,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,"Mikail ""eksem"" Bill",I got to test out the Steam Refund feature..
,Not Recommended,208650,16683259,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,MagTheMercenary,"Unless they release a patch that will properly optimize the game, nope. Stay away from it."
76561198116612773,Not Recommended,208650,16693823,"Posted: 25 June, 2015",all,GaMeRs RoCk!!!,Pros-Cons-Performance are so terrible-Stuttering-motion blur looks so bad and there's no setting to turn it off (gave me headache)The company should be shame for releasing UNPLAYABLE GAME.
76561198042744662,Not Recommended,208650,16731682,"Posted: 26 June, 2015",all,chadmang,"Not preordering games anymore. They change the system requirements one day before it released, so they knew there were issues but not offer a refund to those that bought the game based on the requirement posted one day before. It took a giant customer uproar to get them to give out refunds."
76561197996502194,Not Recommended,208650,16732482,"Posted: 26 June, 2015",all,Timthx1138,"Postponed time after time, looks like they should not have released it.  Why release games so full of bugs....  and not even just this one....  I feel taken advantage of........   At least they stoped the sales to fix but that does nothing for me."
,Recommended,208650,16820051,"Posted: 30 June, 2015",all,Climax,"After some minor, consumer errors on the game. And a solid 34 hours on this game. I can EASILY say this is a VERY good game. Once everyone is done complaining on how it has its startup flaws (what game doesnt have flaws upon release) they will finally see that it is a good game and can play happily. From my experiences, this game has an amazing conclusion to the epic Arkham series. Im not usually one to say ""OH MY GOD LET ME GET 100% COMPLETION."" But this game is different for some reason. I am attempting to get all of the Riddler trophies and have completed every side quest except the Riddler. It has a solid 12 hours of main story, and you get to drive the Batmobile. You also get all three islands to explore just like in Arkham Origins. The combat is amazing both in and out of the batmobile. I do also like how they have you use the batmobile while solving the game so its not like they did all of the animating and mechanics for a car that you can use if you want but if you dont its fine. For me, its a solid 9/10 on gameplay, performance, and graphics."
76561198041841258,Recommended,208650,16827119,"Posted: 1 July, 2015",all,Lolo,"Awesome game, 2 crashes in 46 hours, but ok because all AAA games has bugs, the only thing is recomended to remove the 30 fps cap"
,Not Recommended,208650,16871535,"Posted: 3 July, 2015",all,BitMerc,"Garbage port, and WB knew it prior to kicking it out the door. Never requested a refund until this colossal failure."
76561198041977109,Not Recommended,208650,16902576,"Posted: 5 July, 2015",all,SoN9ne,This game is a prime example of what the gaming industry has become. They care more about pushing broken games and collecting money than actually producing a quality product... My PC is well beyond the specs but this game is unplayable. It crashes constantly and the FPS drops so low it's pathetic (event with a 4GB video card) and constaly freezes. The entire gaming experience leaves a sour taste and maybe in a year (hopefully) this game will be patched enough to be playable. Although by then I probably won't care to play this again. I will never buy Rockstar again due to their complete lack of QA and for a tank like this. I'd request a refund but the hassle of getting it just isn't worth my time. This better be fixed soon.
,Not Recommended,208650,16935911,"Posted: 7 July, 2015",all,Alexandra_Destria,"Can't get the game to work even in lowest settings. Crashes in the Restaurant scene before any actual gameplay takes place. Might change review if game starts working at a later date, but for now, it's unplayable."
76561198002150210,Not Recommended,208650,16999628,"Posted: 11 July, 2015",all,_Freak_Zilla_,"Been abletoplay itpretty much since release, until recently. Good story, lots of action, but relies HEAVILY on using the Batmobile, and most situations with it are just silly (Yeah you, Riddler). So story-wise I give it an 8.5/10.Performance wise... ugh. Driving the Batmobile is an absolute chore. Between the constant frame drops and arbitrary camera angle changing, its very difficult to get the hang of it. The control scheme of the Batmobile takes, well, I'm still not even used to it 40+ hours in to it. When you're Batman, on foot, performance remains steady. Overall performance, and only because I have a beast of a rig, 4/10.Now that WB is trying to fix things, I can't even play the game. It goes through the sponsor intros, and when the menu splash screen should appear, the game crashes. Tried several times, even after restart. So I give this a 1/10.This was a very sloppy release, even after being delayed 9 months. So my review is based on the overall experience with this title, bot just the gameplay 3/10."
76561197971026715,Not Recommended,208650,17118391,"Posted: 18 July, 2015",all,tixenfleaz,"I was one of the lucky few PC owners that was able to play AK with only moderate glitches. The fighting aspect is as enjoyable as it ever was, though a tad easy even on Hard.  But the Batmobile....Man, I never thought I'd utter the words ""I hate the Batmobile!!!"", but I've now said it many times. It was kind of fun at the start, but if I wanted to play Grand Theft Auto I would've saved my sixty bucks and fired up GTA. If you like driving games and World Of Tanks, then this is right down your Crime Alley. If you like playing the Dark Knight Detective, then maybe not so much."
,Recommended,208650,17127840,"Posted: 19 July, 2015",all,Prestige,"I'm one of the lucky ones who did not have the major issues that corrupt the PC version of this game. I really hope Rocksteady and WB fix these issues soon so the hate on this games calms down. This game's story is amazing and just blends well! Even the side missions have great little stories as well and lead to some great encounters with some of the villians in the Batman Universe. Also the gameplay is spectacular with the new addition of the Batmobile (which is a little hard to get the hang of at first) and the famous Batman Arkham combat with some new additions as well. Dual-Team is another great addition to the game that alows the player to play as some on else such as Robin, Nightwing, or Catwoman while fighting a big group with the Batman. Although, I wish there was a bit more of it and there were more of the challenges with the other characters. Now lets talk about the BIG addition to this game... The Batmobile. It driving and control is very fun and a bit hard to get the hang of at first but within 5 minutes you will be doing donuts and going off ramps! Also the battle mode is fun to use but it is used a lot within the story which can get a bit annoying but hell Batman is fighting an army of TANKS so he needs to use his. Now that we're done with that I have to say for me this game is awesome and gives Batman fans some wonderful easter eggs to see! And if you're wondering no I did not find the Arkham Knights identity (don't worry I wont type it) dissapointing, I thought it made sense and was a nice addition. Overall this game offers a lot but keep in mind this is my opinion. I urge you to buy this game but at least wait till it is fixed because you might not be as lucky as me. I give this game a 9.5/10 well done Rocksteady."
76561197994384778,Recommended,208650,16819895,"Posted: 30 June, 2015",all,Grasshopper,"Ive had no issues currently on the PC, and i enjoyed the game"
76561198134074801,Not Recommended,208650,16820902,"Posted: 30 June, 2015",all,僕のぴこ,"This is a utter piece of crap.  I can't even get it to run on my computer let alone get to the game.  I could only get to the begining part of the game before it crashed.  Not to mention it looked terrible!!!  It looked like I was playing it on my toaster!!  Who am I kidding, at least my toaster toasts toast.  Stupid 30 fps lock.  I wouldn't mind if they delayed it for 2 or 3 weeks to finish it.  You wanna know the worst part?? I preordered it, and now I can't get a refund!! They better fix this or I'm going to the steam hedquarters and blow it up!!!!!!!!!!!  I can't even play the game!!!!!!!!!"
,Recommended,208650,16860741,"Posted: 3 July, 2015",all,AEC,"One of the best games I have ever played! I don't know what these others are saying I can easily and smoothly play this game at 45-50 fps on my laptop (ASUS ROG w/ 980M GPU). The story is absoluedly fantastic and I really liked the twist with Red Hood. Can't wait for the new DLC, I'm glad I got the season pass."
,Not Recommended,208650,17058953,"Posted: 15 July, 2015",all,UrbanMonk,I thought it was okay but when it comes to driving in the game the FPS really ♥♥♥♥s up the playing with the game breaking lags
,Recommended,208650,17357405,"Posted: 2 August, 2015",all,xporc,"The last entry in the famous Arkham series, with the biggest additions being the Batmobile and Gotham City as an open world. It made history by being originally such a bad PC port that it was removed from sales.Pros* The story takes everything that happened in the series toward an explosive end despite some predictable plot twists* Perfected gameplay and gadgets* Excellent graphics* High attention to small detailsCons* The Batmobile feels forced at the start and is awkward to control until you finally get how to pilot it* No traditional boss fights* Disappointing initial releaseDespite its initial awkwardness the Batmobile is ultimately a good addition, with plenty of fun ways to use it during gameplay segments. Arkham Knight is a fitting end to the series, and since the core gameplay hasn't changed much since the beginning it is good that the franchise is stopping before becoming stale."
,Recommended,208650,22119176,"Posted: 29 March, 2016",all,WoLoLo,"When the games refresh rate is at 60 the game stutters between 60fps and 30fps, seems like it wants to be stable but think its a bug.Running at max everything, because even with lowered settings im getting no change in performance.Switched the refresh rate from 60 to 30 and BOOM, game runs beautifully, Stuttering is gone, no lag what so ever.I've gotten up to the part where you get the batmobile, and still no change in framerate, even when gliding from the tallest tower I could find.Dunno what everyone elses problems are as from what i've seen my specs are♥♥♥♥♥♥compared to some people who posted a review about this game.So I left my own.-For those who want to know what im running-Alienware M17x R4i7 3630qm @3.2ghzGeForce GTX 980m - Modded Vbios as driver stability problems (PREMA VBIOS V2.0)Driver version 352.84 - Windows 1032GB ram @1600mhz32GB SSD - windows500GB HDD - Slave (music&software)1TB HDD - Game DriveFor me its 10./10 as I can't find a legit problem with this game from my experience thus far, runs as well as the console version, looks better, loads alot faster, its all I could really ask for."
76561198168669601,Recommended,208650,22908341,"Posted: 11 May, 2016",all,ahasemore,"When I was considering this game, I saw the massive mixed reception, especially on PC, which made me worry. I love Batman and I love the Arkham series of games. I saw issues of bugs and glitches and even heard that this game made Arkham Origins a bit more popular.Thankfully for me these issues were minimal. I had a fairly good computer, and the game never crashed once. The biggest issue I ever had was the controls, which have changed in between games in each of the Arkham games. Once you get used to those, this game is just as lovable as it's predecessors. A lot of reviews and tips seem to assume that you'll use a controller, which sort of annoyed me, as I'm a keyboard person. The fact that it was seemingly designed around this was my biggest annoyance with the game, as it meant that for some reason, I couldn't change the controls and had to get used to what the game had at default. Not that difficult, but a minor annoyance. No issues with the controls after I did get used to it.The Batmobile, while it does have a large pressence, did not detract from the experience much. I always loved it and welcomed the times when I could use it due to my innate gamers desire to see stuff explode.If you ever liked the previous Arkham games, everything you loved is still here and more. It's larger scale means that if you're a completionist, the much larger scale of this game means you're gonna have to work to earn it. All in all, a fantastic game and grand finale to the legendary Arkham series.9/10. It's not perfect, nothing is. But if they had released it without the bugs and tuned the controls then there's no doubt in my mind that this could have been one of the most legendary games of all time. And in my mind, it still is. Even with those minor problems. Thank you Rocksteady!"
76561198064461987,Not Recommended,208650,16682270,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,naycube,"I am a BIG fan of the Arkham series and was really looking forward to Arkham Knight. To anyone curious how far I have played before writing this review, I completed the airship sequence, and have done many of the available side quests. I would LOVE to write about how much I have enjoyed traversing Gotham, or the deeply compelling story, but it's all irrelevant. This game is unplayably broken. I'm running a GTX 970 graphics card with my rig meeting and exceeding all of the other listed requirements of this game and my framerate is unpredictably ranging from 30 to less than 1 frame per second. I'm cursing myself for having not gotten the PS4 version, which I hear runs better. Chasing criminals through the streets in the batmobile is nigh impossible when you're playing Batman: Arkham Knight: Power Point Edition. Until they fix the PC version, DO NOT BUY!"
,Recommended,208650,16722227,"Posted: 26 June, 2015",all,NetWalkerBR,Runs great on my PC. Keep 60 FPS most of the times. Nice atmosphere on the city. The bat mobile is awesome. Highly recommeded!
,Not Recommended,208650,16871263,"Posted: 3 July, 2015",all,The_Spanky_Frank,"All PC issues aside......I just finished the playthrough of the game and I will say that this game, while being a very fun game to play, does not live up to the hype.I would buy it on sale if you want to complete the series but not before.First of all I will say that the fighting system was fantastic and flawless and definietly expanded on all the techniques of the previous games. The addition of the Batmobile was great although I felt it was very overused. I would have liked to have seen the combat system used more in the bigger moments of the game. The look and feel of game was beautiful and despite playing on low quality settings I still was able to get a sense of the details put into the scenery.One of my biggest gripes about the game is that it becomes tedious. At a certain point you want to finish the game but you can't because the game forces you to complete all side quests. Now while most of the side quests are pretty much beaten throughout the game the Riddler quest drones on even long after the final boss barring you from seeing the credits and the end of the game. My other main grip is that there is lack of memorable Boss fights in this game, something all prior games in the series had plenty of. These compounded with the performance issues make it hard for me to justify giving money for DLC's as well as spending full money for the game.In the end it was a polished up version of the Arkham Asylum but without the great boss fights and a tedious gameplay that I would guess most gamers won't make it to the credits.....unless you're a completionist like myself :)"
,Recommended,208650,16643005,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,Stuff,The game has been fixed with the new Nvidia driver patch the game works and runs fine now!
76561198156097296,Not Recommended,208650,28789060,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,SymbolWraith,"W10 here, the game won't start. It just sits on the task manager as a process but doesn't really do anything, doesn't start, doesn't crash, just idles around. Tried a whole bunch of shenanigans, just one of them worked, but on the next attempt after closing it, still nothing again.When the game opened up, though, performance was terrible. I'm on an i5 3570k and a GTX1060, playing at 1080p. Not enough Titans, but I can play anything nonetheless, except this one. Anytime I moved on long distances like flying or driving, I had a total video/audio freeze every 5 seconds. And for the remaining time, stuttering made me sick.I heard about the port issues, but I believed that by now the game would have improved enough to make it bareable. I was wrong.Worst part is I lost a whole morning to try and make this godforsaken thing work and didn't succeed. Dark Souls, Deadly Premonition and every damn pedestrian japanese PC port ever are literally masterpieces of computer coding compared to this insulting attempt to make money out of a platform the publisher didn't care about one bit.Steer away."
76561198044345123,Recommended,208650,17229996,"Posted: 25 July, 2015",all,John,Once the bugs are fixed this game will be amazing.
76561198031062743,Recommended,208650,17507399,"Posted: 12 August, 2015",all,Quiet,The graphics are amazing!!
,Recommended,208650,22124092,"Posted: 29 March, 2016",all,DogeeeXD,"I buy this game today even I saw so many negative reviews, but there is one thing that I have to say to all, the patches fixed those performance issues already! Enjoy playing!"
76561198113968741,Recommended,208650,22267874,"Posted: 6 April, 2016",all,Santiago,"Dont get the premium,I got the regular one and got most of the skins free. Its good but you need a 3G video card to play with the textures on medium and my 750ti cant handle it. But it still looks good on low. Good enough port. No problems. I recommend."
,Recommended,208650,24470063,"Posted: 22 July, 2016",all,StevoNDaHoodson,OCDelightful.
,Recommended,208650,25815397,"Posted: 2 October, 2016",all,HyperFlyer76,"So far, the gameplay and story is very good, although there's minor stuttering at medium settings that may be due to my 2GB video card, it's very well made, especially going into New Game Plus you have to really concentrate as the enemies are much stronger, faster and there's no prompts to avoid enemies. Would recommend to play all day everyday."
,Recommended,208650,24698907,"Posted: 3 August, 2016",all,Eat Cheese 8 Soup,I love it exept I need to get 6gb ram+ and I only have 4 gb ram. Also my game crashes whenever I try to use a skin. Sometimes I'm able to select it before it crashes but only about 1/20 times. Along with the controlls sometimes don't work.
,Recommended,208650,28962785,Posted: 2 January,all,Yuri Mindfreak,"A série arkam do Batman é muito boa. Mesmo não tendo uma evolução tecnológica aparente durante toda a série, o ponto de diversão é garantido, já que vemos todos os personagens que tanto gostamos em Gotham.O trabalho de movimentação do jogo é bem interessante, dando liberdade e permitindo movimentos bem detalhados.A parte negativa são as missões do charada que se tornam repetitivas, assim como foi em toda a série."
76561198110963465,Recommended,208650,28963403,Posted: 2 January,all,Last light,all good now.
76561198038509192,Recommended,208650,28938410,Posted: 2 January,all,ASH,"this game overall is pretty dope! if you like the previous batmans, you get the same experience and a bit extra!There are 2 endings, one is when you finish the main quest and once you capture all the villains. Overall a good experience as long as you stick to the main story.Pros: 1-The main story is really engaging and some serious ♥♥♥♥ will happen that will surprise you!2- Combat was as good as the previous ones and with added gadgets and moves, it carried the game!3- Exploring the map was very enjoyable since you would usually encounter the side quests along the way and it would add it to your map for later completing.4- The dual take downs and dual fights were amazing!5- Sometimes you had the option to choose how an story will end and that made me realise how much i cared about characters.Cons: 1-Ending of the main story is really forgettable, it was interesting but it lacked the punch!2- In order to get the true ending you have to capture all the villains and that includes collecting 254 riddler trophies (throughout the game i collected almost any trophies i saw and at the end i have 54). This is like impossible, you have to spend so much time doing them. The ones i did was sorta interesting but not enough to go through 254 of them. So you end up looking up the ending on Youtube.3- Game runs really bad! on the lowest of settings whenever i got in the Batmobile the game just kept stuttering and freezing. Crossing the islands was a pain because it would load the details and that would make the stuttering worst. So i avoided driving the Batmobile.4- Side quests (aka capturing all the villains) are basically you doing the same missions in different locations 10-20 times to get to the boss then 1 punching him. The only reason i did them was to see the ending of each villain and that wasnt good at all! you would get a mediocre fight and couple lines from the villain. :(5- In this game I had to go to GCPD like 50 times, can we just get fast travel??pls!!"
76561198023528824,Recommended,208650,28971125,Posted: 3 January,all,Dr. Strangelove,"The game runs pretty good at 30 fps for me, better then before really!"
76561198069145363,Recommended,208650,24385613,"Posted: 18 July, 2016",all,baktiau,Intro:Played about 27 hours on writing. Finished main campaign and just sweeping up the secondary missions.Review:Initially reticent on buying cause of the things I heard during the launch and how older GPUs will explode when playing this game but so far game works pretty fine with mine (laptop GPU GTX850M) with only minimal screen tearing and slight lag after long hours of play.  Anyway bullet points are:+Story is amazing (provided you didnt spoil yourself)+Gameplay is action packed as per usual for the Arkham games+Hated the batmobile initially but you get used to it and its a lot of fun driving around Gotham in a tank+Batmobile action is surprisingly fun and not clunky+Tonnes of DLC if you got the season pass- A lot easier to play on a gamepad than the keyboard- No batcave :(TLDR: Rough launch but all now everythings good and the game is amazing. Batmobile alot more fun than expected.
,Recommended,208650,24385273,"Posted: 17 July, 2016",all,tripl3,"First of all, this is not bugged anymore. There are just some rarely framerate drops that lasts for about 20 seconds. But let's talk about the actual gameplay:Pros:-Good story-Nice graphics-Many sidequests-You can drive the Batmobile-Many easter eggs and refferencesCons:-Jumpscares (OK with me, but the first time I wasn't ready so I got really scared.)-Some framerate drops-Very repetetive fighting-Not to mention how ♥♥♥♥ing hard it is to fight sometimes unless you are a veteran and started playing since Arkham AsylumOverall, a quite good game and I think you should give it a chance if you liked the previous titles7,5/10"
