user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
76561198184374927,Recommended,208750,18272115,"Posted: 30 September, 2015",all,Not a Professor,"I'm a long time Mythology nerd who's looking into an archaeology major and reads about ancient history for fun. I logged into steam, saw this game on sale, and resigned myself to buying it.It was amazing.Media accurately depicting the Greek Gods is hard to find, and doubly so for video games. ""Someone is god of the wrong thing"" is a square on my mythology movie bingo card. But Apotheon completely nails everything. This game wasn't written by people who read through a couple wikipedia pages and called it day; literally everything about the Gods is correct, from their attitudes to their ironic demise, and even their allegences. One of the most telling moments was having Dionysus on the side of humanity; someone who'd only done cursory research wouldn't know that he'd lived among mortals for years before joining the gods.And don't even get me started on the art. This game is one of the most beautiful things I've ever played. Everything is stylized perfectly down to the creases in a character's chiton, and the color changes in the different realms are beautiful and perfectly fit the tone of the area. The architecture is accurate, as are the items and decorations. The NPC dialogue and major themes of the story even parallel important values of Ancient Greek life.Basically: the devs for this game researched the hell out of Ancient Greece, and I kind of want to kiss every one of them for it. 10/10."
,Recommended,208750,16561818,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,EvilSpaniard,"I have nearly 500 games in my Steam account, and the vast majority of them are still unplayed. So now I'm dedicating an hour to each of these games and writing a series of One Hour Reviews. An hour isn't very long to judge a game on, so think of this as more of a first impression, and take this review in the spirit in which it's given. Be sure to read other reviews from players who have spent more time in the game.One Hour Reviews - Game 10ApotheonPurchase Date: 6/13/2015Long ago on my Commodore 64, I used to play a game called The Return of Heracles, which had a similar Greek myth setting.  So when I saw this game, I was pretty much immediately sold on the setting and the art style looked awesome.  This is one of the rare games I bought on Steam that I ended up playing almost right away.The game starts with some quick cut scenes explaning how Zeus has turned his back on mankind, and things are looking grim.   After that I found myself in a town being invaded by raiders, which is where the tutorial kicks in.The controls are pretty simple.  I didn't check if the game supports a gamepad or not, but I played with a keyboard and mouse.  The keys move you around and perform actions, and the mouse is used for aiming.  I've played other games with this control scheme; it's not my favorite, but it does feel familiar, and isn't difficult to pick up.Given the controls and the platform nature of the game, I was expecting the combat to be pretty simplistic.  Instead I was pleasantly surprised by the variety of weapons at my disposal.  Even better, the weapon differences are not just purely cosmetic.  Each weapon feels different.  Knives are quick and do small amounts of damage which add up over repeated strikes.  But after too many quick strikes I found myself gasping for breath.  Larger weapons do more damage but are slower, and can be trickier to hit with against a moving target.  A variety of ranged weapons are provided as well.It isn't long before I am introduced to the crafting options in the game.  I got a couple of recipes, one to make a 'fire bomb' of sorts, and the other for making a 'healing potion'.  The components for making these can come out of random crates or from killing enemies.I occasionally struggled with the map.  The map overlays the screen with a transparency effect that I sometimes had trouble distinguishing the map from the background.  I wished I could have had some control over the transparency here.  Otherwise though the map did a good job of highlighting the location of my current objectives and helping me find my way around.One thing I appreciated was the run speed of my character.  The longer you run, the faster you get.  So for those times where I needed to run far across the map, it doesn't feel like it's taking forever.As far as difficulty goes, the game starts out pretty easy.  The earliest fights are very simple and gave me a good opportunity to try out the different weapons.  At the end of the first area, I got into my first boss fight, where the game starts to ramp up the difficulty.  As I progressed into the next area, I started to encounter more of a variety of enemies, and I definitely noticed a continued increase in difficulty.  I found myself having to evolve my combat strategy as well.  Early on it was sufficient to simply stab enemies a few times before they could respond in kind.  But as the game progresses, I found myself leaping to dodge attacks, and having to approach combat more methodically, especially in some of the later boss fights.The graphics options are pretty basic, but that makes sense given that this is a 2D platformer.  I did see the option to change my resolution, which for me is always the most important.I ended my first hour of gameplay continuing to explore the forests of Artemis.  The game definitely gives you a decent amount of exploration.  It reminded me a little of Metroid in that regard.Overall there really wasn't anything about Apotheon I didn't like.  I expect I'll be enjoying many more hours of fun in this game.  I can recommend this without hestiation."
,Recommended,208750,17912273,"Posted: 6 September, 2015",all,(O)RE,"Great animation, visuals and artwork. Superb soundtrack and very good voice acting and effects.The gameplay is not that easy, as you have to coordinate your attacks and where to look with the mouse at the same time and it becomes really difficult at large number of enemies or crucial boss fights.The story is interesting and some of the maps are very fun to play. I also loved the various ancient Greek names and the mythology references.Recommended game."
,Recommended,208750,14875654,"Posted: 13 March, 2015",all,ZachDaniel,"I just finished Apotheon, and wow, did I enjoy this game!  It's such a great game.  The art style is obviously awesome.  Unless you hate orange, in which case steer clear.  It's a wicked beautiful game and they nailed the Greek Pottery aesthetic.The game focuses primarily on combat, and don't let anyone tell you it's anything less than stellar.  Yes, it takes some getting used to.  This is a style of 2D combat that in a league of it's own.  1 part Terraria, 1 part Dark Souls, and yet totally unique somehow.  Once you get the hang of it, properly dodging and timing the perfect devastating blow is incredibly satisfying.  This really should be played on a keyboard and mouse, though, as precision is a big factor in combat.  Also, it's much safer to switch weapons by going into your inventory by pressing ""i"" instead of hitting a number key and scrolling, while trying to dodge enemies.The music is perfect, The voice acting is good, and I love the story, because it minds me of all the time I spent reading Greek mythology for fun when I was a kid.  I think the ending is just freaking perfect.It's got plenty to do.  I spent 10 hours playing, and didn't spend a lot of time exploring and many sections I ran and dodged by dozens of enemies.  So there's plenty of time to spend here if you look for everything and do all the side stuff.My only real complaint is that there are just too many weapons that you hang onto all at once.  I would have preferred just 2 or 3 melee weapons, and 1 or 2 ranged.  As it is, I just had a lot of stuff that I never needed to use, so there was no sense of urgency.  Also, I realize they were going for an ""ammo"" feel by having weapons degrade and breakdown ... but I'm not sure that helped the game.  It seemed like an unnecessary convention, and the only time it remotely effected me was when my assassins dagger broke, but I just ran and bought a cheap one from the black market dealer.Anyways ... I highly recommend this game, and that you take the time to learn and appreciate the combat.  I have a feeling that this'll be a sleeper-hit, and once online multiplayer is up there will be renewed vigor for Apotheon!"
,Recommended,208750,16784559,"Posted: 29 June, 2015",all,Psychedelic Adventurer,"Tl'dr version:As a classicist and avid reader of mythology I consider this a hidden gem of the metroidvania genre. A good story and decent combat, coupled with the most immersive and unique artstyle I have ever seen seen makes this a must buy for anyone who wants to put a toe into Greek mythology or metroidvania games.A Controller is highly recommended however.Elaborated version:As stated above, I consider myself a individual well verse in Greek myth and it's Aesthetics. I say this in regard to why I think this game is probably the first of it's kind to seamlessly blend Greek iconography into a video game.The art is immediately distinctive, and go's beyond just a pretty backgroundThe art work is a stark reminded that this is actually how people; circa 500-300BC did ART, with some of the darker levels (Hades' realm for example) styled in old Athenian ""BlackFigure' style, while the majority of the game plays in different palettes. The God's themselves are the stars of the show; with some being monstrosity tall and the ability to deal gigantic damage to boot, or the more cunning Gods, which use cunning or subterfuge to try and stop you.I won't go into the story too much. The simple plot remains that the Gods have turned against humanity and Nikandreos, resident Greek villager turned Epic Hero must stop them from wiping them out. If this sounds cliche, that's because it is, but only to the modern eye. We live in a society where most media have butchered much of Greek Myth. This is not one of those pieces of media. Apotheon  reflecting a far older brand of storytelling.Unfortunately, players will probably notice the game shares many of its narrative threads with God of War, but the differences pile up quickly. Where God of War sticks to video game tropes, Apotheon is content to ground itself in ancient myth. I find this to be a strike in Apotheon's favor.In gameplay terms it's 2-parts Castlevania or Metroid, and 1-part Legend of Zelda 2. During this side scroller you'll forced to engage in combat and a little bit of platforming and open level design which scrolls in all directions. Each of the game's areas contains various objectives that must first be completed, then usually conclude against  the realms master as a boss, or trial.The common pit falls of it's genre show through however. Too often you'll find yourself wailing on an enemy hoping that a good hit lands, or that you're weapon won't suddenly snap in two and you'll be left with only a dagger to poke at the giant Cyclops roaring for your nu**s. Another common problem I found was that sometimes, when both parties were melee focused, we'd be hacking at each other with neither hitting because the hitboxes didn't register super close hits.Everything else seems to be good however. You can use a multitude of different weapons to kill your enemy's with including Spears, Bow&Arrows, Swords, Maces, Glaves, Hammers, Rocks, and explosives.Soundtrack wise; it's passable. I found myself mildly surprised that a game with such insane visuals would have such a mediocre OST. To be fair however, soundtracks are often one of the harder development processes for Indie devs.Final thoughts:An exceptional oddity in our world of graphical powerhouses' like Crysis and Battlefield. This game to me looks better than all of them simply due to it's art style.The combat is rock solid to, and the game boasts a fun story for you to keep you invested.Slightly harder to justify at Retail price, but under any discount this becomes a steal. A definite recommendation to anyone with a passing interest in myth, Metroidvania, or looks for a fun distraction.• Good Combat, If a little clunky• Good Story• Gorgeous and Unique visuals• Reasonable length."
76561198003030375,Recommended,208750,14367851,"Posted: 7 February, 2015",all,The_Cpt_FROGGY,"Apotheon~~~~~~~~Apotheon is a well structured 2D platformer based on Greek mythology.  You play Nikandreos and you have an epic fight ahead of you against the gods. The Greek artwork is really well done and the atmosphere will captivates you in this frantic era.The levels are fairly large, therefore you will find it extremely useful to use the local and world map to pinpoint where you are. You can also use the map to find ancient writing. You will be able to gather plenty of weapons like spears, arrows, swords, axes and much more.  In terms of protection, armours and shields are pretty much it. Mind you, you can find upgrades for your armours which are often in chests.Crafting, health potions and fire bombs (Greek fire in the game) are vital to your success.In regards to the combat interface is actually good but it will take you a little bit of time to master all the different aspects of it. Be prepared to use all buttons on your gamepad. It can be challenging at times.Positives:~~~~~~~~-	Great artwork and atmosphere-	Large levels-	Challenging-	Stacks of things to collect  and do-	Achievements-	Trading cardsNegative:~~~~~~~~-	Controls a bit challenging at the start (Gamepad)Apotheon is a little gem. If you enjoyed Guacamelee you will love this game.9.5/10MORE THE_CPT_FROGGY REVIEWS HEREFOLLOW THE CPT FROGGY CURATOR PAGE HERE"
,Recommended,208750,34953196,Posted: 14 September,all,Flipper Is A Dolphin,"Spoiler free review, with a short and longer version:TLDR versionBuy Apotheon if:+ you love challenging 2D platformers with a strong and deep combat mechanic and a ""gentle-not intrusive"" inventory and item management+ you're a fan / interested in ancient Greek myths and culture+you like playing with a mouse and your keyboard(read below to know more)+ you like to explore and experiment several ways to combat a decent enemy variety+ you can't wait to dive into ancient greek art ( check the screenshot below )Don't buy Apotheon if:-you hate playing adventure games with a mouse+keyboard- you're looking for a story way different from the God Of War's franchise one- you like ""plain vanilla"" combat mechanics that allow you to rush through enemies and stagesTime required to finish the main game: 6.5-7 hoursTime required to complete the main game at 100%: 8 hoursTime required to get all the achievements: 15 hoursVerdict: 7,5/10, well designed and challeging game, sadly characterized by a simple main plotDetailed version1- Apotheon'scombat mechanic is at the same time its strongest and weakest featureas you have to:a) aim quite PRECISELY when using ranged weapons and projectiles, such as arrows, spears and bombs while trying to figure out where they could land, as gravity heavily affects them (as it should be).Using a controller could be far from being intuitive and comfortable.b) deal with its is ""realistic"" melee combat, meaning that you will have to use melee weapons accordingly to the situation and surroundings: spears will be oviously useful to keep your distance from beasts and enemies wielding heavy melee weapons, such as club maces and axes.c) keep in mind thatmelee wepaons have precise hitboxesmeaning that if you're using a spear, ONLY the pointy end of it will deal damage, so button mashing the melee hit key (mouse click) won't often lead to useful results at close range, while aiming to heads and non-armoured body parts will instead rewarding your reflexes (and bravery).If you fancy simpler combat and hitbox mechanics, such as Hotline Miami 1's melee weapons, then you'd better stay away from this game and avoid using a controller, even if you're allowed to.2- Boss fights are enjoyable and epic, always followed by an intense (yet repetitive sometimes) soundtrack and a good english voice acting3- Scenarios are well designed, well supported by an informative map, by fast travel mechanics and, just to show:http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=11349969894- inventory and crafting mechanics are extremely simple and linear, meaning that utilizing and taking advantage of your gear and items will be fast and very intuitiveTO SUM UP:Buy Apotheon to enjoy a ""2D God Of War"", rich of great scenarios, greek myths, a simple yet functional character progression and item management, a deep and rewarding combat mechanic that might not be liked by gamers that love using controllers.Thanks for reading, leave a comment below if you have any questions or observations, have an amazing day/night."
,Recommended,208750,19629804,"Posted: 11 December, 2015",all,Bender,"This will be a great game for you if you agree with the following statements:-Greek mythology is awesome-Metroidvania games are fun-Stylized games give you wet dreams-Soundtrack is something really importantAlso, some say the control is a bit flawed, but for me it was okay, nothing that annoyed me. I played in a mac and the game just did not worked with the two controllers that I have, so, if you want to play in a mac with a controller, be careful. Otherwise, a great game, its lot of fun."
,Recommended,208750,14567540,"Posted: 20 February, 2015",all,Silent Pancake,"If I could give this a recommendation somewhere between yes and no, I would definitely be doing it. However, I'm saying yes because it's worth a playthrough, BUT only if you can get it on sale. To summarise why:Pros:- Gee golly this game is beautifully designed when it comes to the art style.- It doesn't pretend to be something innovative. It's a sidescrolling action/adventure game and it knows it.- The stamina system makes for an interesting combat mechanic, making you choose when to strike a little better instead of just flailing away until things die.- There's actually quite a large array of weapons in this game. Bows, spears, swords, maces and shields all come in many varieties. Just enough to keep things interesting, anyway.- Really easy achievements if that what you're in to.Cons:- The controls are terrible. T-E-R-R-I-B-L-E. I've spelled it out for you, just in case. Plain and simple it's just a nightmare to aim, swing a sword, jump from ledge to ledge.. Hell, just about everything.- Tedious. It's mainly fetch quests with some puzzles thrown in every now and then. It is fun for the most part, but can get a little tiresome in a long session.It's also very short but I wouldn't know which section to put it in as it could be seen as good or bad, depending on your views of the game anyway.So in short. Buy this game if it goes on sale. If it doesn't, you should probably avoid it."
,Recommended,208750,15271394,"Posted: 8 April, 2015",all,Joe10112,"This game, simply, is amazing and great. A nice break from blockbuster games like Far Cry, GTA, Skyrim, etc., the game took me roughly 10 hours to beat and obtain every single achievement (except the ""beat the game a second time"" achievement, which can be acquired using a small glitch).The music is very nice and adds to the overall feeling and emotion of the game. There is plenty of classic ""Greek/Roman"" music--what you would imagine playing in epic scenes of Greek/Roman Movies.Gameplay-wise, there is some room to be filled. Controls are totally fine on Keyboard, but there were many small times where I wish there was some better ease of controls (i.e. I had to manually go into inventory to change weapons. You can hotkey Primary/Ranged/Tertiary/Potion, but within each of the slots you need to manually go into inventory to switch). Hitting enemies is also sometimes hit or miss (pun intended?), as if the enemy is layered on top of you, your attack might not register as hitting them.However, there is lots to explore and enjoy throughout the entire game. If this game looked interesting to you, do yourself a favor and pick it up during a sale if you need that little boost of incentive.Overall, a solid 8.5 out of 10. Although marred by a few problems that can be easily overlooked, this game appeals to the senses and really executes what it set out to do in a brilliant and spectacular way."
,Recommended,208750,16990459,"Posted: 11 July, 2015",all,OneHandedSquire,"What's the first thing you think of when you think of ancient Greece?  No, not that!  Get your mind out the gutter, you degenerate!  Okay, what's the second thing?  Right!  The awesome myths of heroes and gods!  You think of Odysseus blinding the cyclops, Zeus overthrowing the titans, and... uh, Heracles mucking out some stables!  Yeah, that's the ticket.With all these feats of heroism wouldn't it be sweet if there was a video game that took place in ancient Greece, so that we too could test our mettle against these gods and monsters?  What's that?  God of War?  No, no.  That won't do at all.  I'm talking about something that wasn't pushed through the filter of what thirteen year old boys think is cool.  Something that's got fun gameplay, sure.  But something that keeps it classical, you know?  Preserves the tone and character of the myths.  Fortunately for us, we've got Apotheon.Assuming you've at least looked at the screen shots, I don't need to sell you on Apotheon's visual aesthetic.  It just looks great.  Bold black character models, flattened in profile, placed on warm background colors and intricate patterns do an excellent job of making you feel like you're playing an ancient Greek vase come to life.It's clear a lot of work was put into Apotheon's visuals, but I'll admit, I almost passed on Apotheon, since I was concerned there might not be any substance behind the style and very little was said about it when I first had a look.  It's too easy to fall into the ""art game"" trap, these days.I grew still more concerned in a different way when some of the voice acting for the early game's enemies intruded on the stately visuals with an out of place cockney sounding accent.  And still more worried when it introduced the main conceit of the game as ""the gods have taken their gifts from man and it's up to you to overthrow them one by one.""Ugh.  Groan.  Spit.  We're really doing the God of War thing?  We're really giong to treat the Olympians as one big boss rush?  No concern for all the gods' benevolent qualities?  No mention of the heroes they helped, the customs they preserved?  Just gonna treat them as absolute♥♥♥♥♥♥♥all the time?  Ladies and gentlemen, I will confess that I was genuinely worried that upon my descent into Hades I would find the big man himself putting on his best James Woods playing Hades-as-the-Christian-devil before a meat-head slam down as the hero against an irredeemable evil.But, mercifully, for its couple of worrisome first impressions, Apotheon never went that route.  Yes, you do play as the mortal hero, Nikandreos, on his quest to conquer Olympus and steal the gods' powers.  And, yeah, that concept's a little off-base from the mythology, but Apotheon always manages to treat the source material with a great deal of knowledge and respect and it gets all of the points for that.  Aside from the odd intro enemies, the voice acting is good and, I would say, necessary for presenting the extreme personalities of the Greek gods.  Most importantly, their characters are preserved.Oh yes, your encounter with Ares will be a slaughter-fest bordering on supernatural Hulkamania, but that's befitting the charcter of Ares.  Your meeting with Hades on the other hand is one of a number that pass without violence and with a lot of understanding for your plight.And just to ensure that the fight-the-gods premise is pulled off with panache, Apotheon makes sure to vary its gameplay to suit the gods' realms and keep each climactic encounter with the gods themselves true to their characters.  I knew, for instance, that I was in for something special when my showdown against Artemis took the form of a demented game of tag, with the role of hunter and prey switching as I navigated the level.In Poseidon's realm you get to ride a goddamn horse!  People who know about mythology just came!Sorry, I got excited there.  The fundamental gameplay for Apotheon is fairly simple.  You can attack with an absurd variety of ancient weapons: spears, swords, axes, pitchforks, bows, javelins, rocks, the power of love, an arrow that's three arrows, a flying saucer, a sword on fire....  Look, it's a big list, okay?  And you can block with a shield if you have one equipped.  You can adjust the angle of your attack with melee as well as ranged weapons to sneak blows past enemy shields.  But despite the extreme variety of weaponry, your equipment will break on you mid-battle.  Normally, I'd question the setting's decision to make equipment out of paper mache, but it was the bronze age, I guess. Combat gets fairly frantic as you and your opponents are smashing each others' shields and you dodge roll around like Sonic the effin' Hedgehog while you scramble to pull out your next favored weapon.It's gets a bit metroidvania-ish with you being able to explore large areas of Olympus right out of the gate.  There are lots of secrets to find and reasons to backtrack, athough the game is about as good at rewarding the player as someone saying ""open your mouth and close your eyes.""  More on that later.  It's also a bit step platformer-y, with movement focused on jumping and climbing around on your environment.  Nothing really unique, but it works.There are some RPG elements where you can buy upgrades to speed and damage with various weapon types, but it's minimal.  You start with everything you need right out of the box.But it wouldn't be like an ancient urn without some cracks in it, would it?  The core gameplay is weak when it comes to precision.  I found that the arrow telling me where I was aiming with my ranged weapons only had a token resemblance to where my attack was actually going and that made a few puzzles that relied on that precision tedious.  The sheer volume of weapons can also quickly become a hindrance.  Yes, you will need a lot of weapons since they break quickly.  But it sucks to cycle through your huge inventory looking for the next spear weapon in the heat of the fight, especially since they aren't placed next to each other for some reason.  It also makes one wonder why Nikandreos can't drop some swords and axes to hold more spears if you happen to have been giving him more proficiency with them.On the huge inventory note, there's also a crafting system that feels a bit gratuitous.  Yes, the potions and things you can make are useful.  But so often, I found myself overburdened with materials that only had one or two specific uses, I couldn't help but wonder, ""Is this necessary?  Could you maybe have just given me the final product instead of making me go through this extra flow-breaking step.""And as I've briefly mentioned, Apotheon doesn't seem to know how to reward questing and exploration.  I did one side-quest for an optional god and ended up with something that increased the duration of poison damage.  There aren't any weapons that do poison damage. No, really, I didn't find any and I found everything.  You also get a grappling hook for another elaborate sidequest that allows you to explore absolutely ♥♥♥♥-all you couldn't without it.  Generally, there's very little reason to go after all the secret treasures.  Odds are you've found one or two weapons you really like and that chest is going to contain those special sling bullets you are already maxed out on because you never use them or a backstabbing dagger in a game without real stealth mechanics.But for its flaws, Apotheon's gameplay feels shield-shatteringly epic and suits the mythology well.  I'm always happy to pick some nits, but the broad strokes are exactly what they need to be.Indeed, short of including butt-stuff mechanics, I'd say that Apotheon has everything you need to get the full experience of epic Greek mythology.  It's certainly the best take on the subject material I've seen to date and it's just good fun."
76561198087345727,Recommended,208750,32746442,Posted: 24 June,all,Ser Artys Arryn,"Ignore the comments that bash combat controls or gameplay. If you're playing on PC master race, you have nothing to fear.First, I'll talk about the pros and then the cons of this game.+ The COMBAT is so innovative for a 2D platformer that can result in engaging battle situations. Many different weapons, each has its use. Multiple choices how to take down your oponent. You use your mouse for direction of the attack/direction of block/style of attack.+ I especially like how this game tackled 2D space, making it multi-leveled, where forests, streets and rooms are built not into length, but into height. The battles often take place on multiple levels, where you can easily descend or jump up. It gives you freedom to fight how you like, compared to all the others 2D fighting games that are fought only in one line/one level.+ You have many different oponents and each is vulnerable to different weapons. (Remember to use grenades, traps and flasks!) Same goes for boss battles.+ The LEVEL DESIGN of this game is just fantastic! Every level and area was something new. Playing the hunter and prey game with Artemis, exploring scary♥♥♥♥♥dungeon of Hades' Underworld, solving the Athena's level was something to remember, must not forget on Ares' level - one huge♥♥♥♥♥death match with immortal warriors who were stuck there in never-ending battle.+ Beautiful greek pottery art style. If you are a man/woman of culture, you'll definitely appreciate this jewel of a game.+ Fantastic greek mythology setting.+ It has an interesting ending that made me think after finishing the game.- You have tons of weapons and sometimes it gets pretty hard to scroll through all of them in the middle of the action. Some hotkeys implementation could be needed. You can pause the game and choose it manually in the inventory, of course. It breaks the immersion, though.- Lack of deep story. Of course, there is some story, but it's not enough. It has very little character development and the protagonist has no personality, which is such a shame! A good story, with plot twists and sidekicks and engaging antagonists and mainly, likeable protagonist with a personality, could have improved this game so much! (This is a message for devs :D )- The greek mythos was mostly presented through tablets that you could read (quotes from real ancient greeks who wrote about the mythology). This could have been much better, if the mythos was implemented directly IN THE STORY, or shown in the environment. Message for the dev. team: Remember the main rule of story-writing: ""Show, don't tell.""- It's short for such a good game! (I haven't finished the game on this account, so it's more than just my current ""hrs on record"")Final conclusion: Do I recommend this game? Hell Yes!It has fun innovative combat, the greatest level design I haven't seen in a game for a long time, and beautiful art style. This game definitely moved 2D platformers into a new, good direction and I would like to see more of it. Something like Apotheon 2, for example. :)"
76561198091802971,Recommended,208750,28311303,"Posted: 11 December, 2016",all,Aristius,"Apotheon is one of the best side-scrolling games I have ever played. The gameplay is solid, including both combat and puzzles; the artwork is beautiful; and the story is a fantastic take on the mysterious Dark Age of ancient Greece. As a Classicist myself I found this game pleasantly familiar and the depictions of various Gods and Heroes are incredibly true to the mythology, something very rare in games based in the ancient periods. Furthermore, players can learn more about the mythology they are immersing themselves in by reading little passages from ancient texts located around the areas.I cannot recommend this game enough. I really enjoyed my time playing it, and truly felt by the end that I had achieved Apotheosis.And who doesn't want to be a capricious ancient Greek God?"
,Recommended,208750,14412664,"Posted: 9 February, 2015",all,ichik,"Apotheon, the game that is most well-known for its looks. The style mimicking the one of  ancient greek pottery feels strikingly unusual and memorable. If only ancient greeks knew. Or maybe they did, but you surely won’t know it from this game. As predictable as it seems, the story revolves around killing gods in order to take their godly powers from them; and as revenge on them for being sadistical mass-murdering ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s. The olympic dwellers had decided that the mortals are “not worthy” anymore and all quit their god-jobs. There’s no more sun rising and setting; the soil has lost all its fertility. People are starved. As a result there’s banditry. So you find your hero in the midst of a raider attack on his village. Nikandreos fights them off effectively and makes it to the high ground, where the Hera's temple is originated. She offers him assistance in solving his people misfortunes by killing Zeus, who is portrayed like a constantly horny idiot making all of this just on a whim. Not that it isn’t accurate according to myths. After all we’re talking about a guy, who turned himself into a ♥♥♥♥ing swan to♥♥♥♥♥♥a daughter of king of Sparta, right?So you’re sent to Olympus and there’s all that familiar jazz dating back to The Legend of Zelda: A Link to the Past. There’s a map where exact locations of where you should be going right now are marked with your goals noted; usually it’s something like “acquire the aegis of Athena”. Sometimes it  doesn’t even involve killing another god, because of course there are those among deities who are sympathetic to humans, but can’t do anything except provide you with tasks of going to dangerous places and doing all that fighting along the way. The map isn’t uncovered initially though, so these arrows are just indicators of general “right” direction. Somewhere you need to go, rather than can. What you can is to start wandering around uncovering secrets and hidden areas, secret caches with upgrades and weapons or even vendors selling some potions or recipes for summoning stuff. As far as optionality goes you don’t even need to acquire all the gods’ powers available in the game but can instead stick only to mandatory ones, those with tiny arrows attached.If not in terms of amount of such content, but in a sense of proportion of it in the core experience Apotheon surely took notice of what first Dark Souls did. Same is true for combat mechanics of the game. You’ve got a stamina bar which is used for blocking with left trigger on the gamepad and attack on the right one; there are combat rolls and tons of weapons with different attack animations. Cautionary exploring is rewarded and smart tactics can save you a lot of trouble. Knowing your weapon, its speed and reach is a must; handling it properly is even more so. To keep things spicier there’s need to actually target your weapon with a right stick, which takes place of the positioning depth of 3d games. You can just try to mash attack facing in general direction of a nearest surprisingly tanned ancient greek god or his eternally respawning minion, but if would be hardly effective. Enemies try to dodge, block and reposition themselves as much as you do, so catching them mid-flight with a pointy tip of your weapon at least sometimes would be life-saving. To make things even more complex the game throws in an ability to use ranged weaponry and even throw your main equipped one right in the surprised face of another evil cyclops. On top of that there’s traps, armor system, health regeneration system, environmental weapons like big blocks of stone lying around here and there. Upgrades apart from gods’ powers are bought with gold and either are pieces of armor or static bonuses with percentage of attack speed and damage added to certain types of weapon. This works for a world where weapons break all the time, and those “repair kits” don’t actually repair anything, but just fill up that armor bar. Thankfully you’re not really limited around in what you can bring to another fight. You can’t have two of one weapon type for a few exceptions, but you can carry all your armory within their respective limits in those non-existent ancient greek pockets of yours. Axes, lances, swords, arrows, throwing rocks — everything can be used considering you’ve dealt with controls while dodging all those life-threatening stuff.Of course finding those ingredients for potions and refilling a stock of preferable spears takes some time. In a few hours breaking all the boxes and looking for them outside of a scope of main adventure will be usual. Wandering around and exploring actually helps, so it becomes natural. In the middle of another house break-in when another citizen of Olympus will offer to you “take what you want and leave”, you may even question yourself what is a real motivation of our hero is. Revenge? Hope to help mankind? Lust for power? Isn’t robbing wrong? But then the game throws in another factually correct retelling of another myth, and you can see who’s the real ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ here. A musical contest with a mortal for any wish where the obvious winner wishes to flay the loser alive — how does that sound? In the script of the game that stands for some stabbing and acquiring Apollo’s lyre.Making a way through the game’s world while engaging in interesting combat and enjoying the view accompanied by a good symphonic soundtrack is engaging. As for the story, it focuses more on epic battles and general translation of a end-of-times feeling. That is enough to make a great game."
76561198007733154,Recommended,208750,14340220,"Posted: 5 February, 2015",all,Astranacus,"I like this game, the art style is unique.The game can last for 8 hours, although the story is satisfying it does need some improvements.- Gameplay is alright, variety of weapons but the weapon merchant is pointless. You can just pick those weapons up from the ground.- Story is mixed, you don't have a connection with the people you are saving. It's just a ""Save me!"" and you go off to be the hero. No background about the character that I can see. However the personalities of the Gods are brilliant, the majority of boss fights were fun, but not as challenging as say Dark Souls.- I was a bit disappointed there was an option for playing co-op local, but not online.- Game is early (or at least when this review was made.) So there are crashes, I encountered one just before the finish which disappointed me. Especially when having a satisfying end.But what surprise me was that there were some pretty good puzzles and levels, as I mentioned earlier the boss fights were fun and the change of scenery was nice. Also the lore, quotes and sources that were used in the game is an excellent touch. Would I recommend this game? Definitely!"
,Recommended,208750,16620215,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,pepsimanvsjoe,"All you really need to know going into Apotheon is this:Mount Olympus is full of ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s. You are Nikandreos, humanity's last hope against Zeus and his family of mongrels.In case you missed the thumbs-up, I like this game. Consistency is an oft-overlooked aspect of game-design. Apotheon's art-direction is essentially patterned after ancient Greek paintings. If you ever looked at some pottery and wondered ""What if someone made a side-scrolling action game out of this?"" this is about as close a result as you could imagine.Going further, Apotheon's art-direction affects how the game is played. Everything animates in a very stiff manner. It's off-putting at first, and likely won't gel with fans of franchises such as Castlevania. This is what makes consistency such a double-edged sword. This game couldn't have its unique visuals AND the mechanics/animation of a traditional side-scroller, it would look weird.Combat is all about commitment. Your defensive options are varied and effective at any moment. However, when you swing your sword, stab with your spear, or fire an arrow, you're going to be extremely vulnerable. Aiming & timing are essential; if both aren't true, you're going to take damage. While your skills can be upgraded, attacking is never instantaneous. Most of the time, you have to give your attack half a second to connect, and button-mashing is futile. Encounters tend to be short, as enemies can be killed in a few solid strikes. Furthermore, certain techniques (such as aiming for the legs) can force the enemies to crumple, leaving their head exposed to a critical strike.The other interesting aspect of combat is that weapons are fragile. While it's expected that players will find armanents that suit their play-style, it's also common that they'll have to make do with what's available. This tends to keep every encounter fresh, since the player can't afford to exhaust their favorites. Thankfully, Apotheon is balanced in the sense that bosses or other tough enemies don't require the ""best"" weapons. The boss-fights are mostly unique, and tend to involve unexpected events. In short, intuition and reflexes are the weapons you should rely on. In my play-through I got by relying almost entirely on common weapons. In true Resident Evil fashion, I saved all of my best stuff for...that time after I beat the game and realized that maybe I should have used some of it. Perhaps on the harder difficulty I'll be a little less frugal. Hades, I didn't even touch the ability-boosting potions. Sure they provide temporary boosts, but that's still better than nonexistent.Exploration is also a common element of this game. Each area has numerous secrets, most of which are hidden behind cracked walls and floors. Rewards are typically in the form of gold, weapons, and sometimes even God-granted powers. However, one aspect that is a bit disappointing is that there really aren't any powers that assist in exploration, or allow you access to new areas. Aside from bombs -- which are acquired as early as the first dungeon -- there aren't any techniques that allow Nikandreos to jump higher, fly, or reach areas he couldn't before. A side-quest unlocks a weapon called the Caduceus. It has a grappling mechanism that can be used on faraway objects, or even as a makeshift weapon. It's even possible (if a little finicky) to grab ledges to pull yourself onto. Unfortunately, this weapon can't be used to find new areas. Basically, this game is less Metroidvania than I expected, which is a little disappointing.Apotheon shares innumerable commonalities with the genre, but it does just enough to stand out. Keep in mind though that the art-direction and its resulting combat is *sigh* not for everyone. Some gamers will discount it as clunky and cheap, and that's fine. Everything immediately clicked for me, so I had a pretty good time with the game."
76561198007480127,Recommended,208750,21220478,"Posted: 14 February, 2016",all,Adhan,"Highly addictive game! The soundtrack and visuals are stunning! Voice acting is also well done. For an indie game, it has high production values. The combat (especially with ranged weapons) takes some time to get used to but I think is unique and sets the game apart from other games in its genre. Boss battles are definitely one of the highlights of Apotheon!The freedom to explore every nook and cranny is phenomenal, you can go from emptying houses of valuables to diving to sunken ruins for treasures. Plus there are many ""hidden"" and optional objectives well worth investigating.Last but not least, Apotheon makes exceptional use of ancient Greece mythology and history and stays true to the Olympian gods' portfolios and their supposed disposition towards humanity."
,Recommended,208750,29885456,Posted: 12 February,all,Audish,"This is twice now that Alientrap has tricked me with a promising game spoiled by bizarre, floaty combat. Capsized was a beautiful little odyssey on a hostile alien world, but the enormous cluster♥♥♥♥ that battles inevitably became in every level turned me away. The saving grace of Apotheon is that there's a lot more going on than awkward swordfights, enough to keep me invested and poking through the ruins of antiquity. It's a testament, in fact, to how interesting the world and its secrets are that I can continue to put up with this awful flailing to see it.The Greek pantheon has turned their back on the mortal world (as they so often do in games), and you just happen to be the lucky stiff who gets to sort them out. With the aid of Hera you travel to Olympus to steal back the divine powers that keep Earth spinning and hospitable, but don't expect the gods to take this lightly. You'll need plenty of weapons, armor, potions, and gizmos to survive in their domains and overcome the unique challenges each god presents.Apotheon carves out an interesting niche where games like Zelda II and (funny enough) Journey to Olympus existed so long ago. It's not a metroidvania, but rather a side-scrolling adventure with a whole world to explore as you gain the power and resources to explore it. Olympus serves as a hub for shops and services to spend the gold you find, and then depart into the realm of the next god on your hit list. Major story beats open up new sections of Olympus and new deities to challenge, and there's an appropriately epic tale to carry you along.You may be surprised at the variety of environments you face when you seek out the power of a god. Each realm is cleverly designed to represent their patron and also provide an experience unique from the others. In the forest of Artemis you'll find wild animals to hunt and neutral hunters to compete with. Hades is a land of darkness and lost souls that constantly hound you. And Apollo's realm is a lavish palace that you'll take a very unexpected route through. Each of these areas includes tons of secret rooms and stashes to uncover, as well as unique secrets like special NPCs to meet or legendary vaults to raid.Most realms will have you turning to combat at some point or another, and this is where the game stumbles almost as hard as its goofy combatants. Apotheon takes a stab at 2D tactical melee combat, complete with facing, blocking, locational damage, and stamina. There's even rolling if the comparisons to Dark Souls haven't already made themselves. However, this is all taking place in a realm of platforming where you and your opponents can run like Sonic and leap three times their own height. If combat were somehow slowed and grounded (or even just had player collision) it would work as intended but what you end up with is an insane gaggle of bounding, stabbing bodies flailing at each other until you get enough lucky hits off. Even one-on-one duels devolve into leaping and swiping and missing like spastic, jousting field mice.As bad as the combat is, strangely enough the boss battles almost make up for it in how creative and challenging they are. Not every realm ends with a boss battle but the ones that do have themes just as creative and diverse as the realm itself. Your quest to overcome each god is incredibly faithful to historical legend, with hunts and epic voyages and deception pulled straight from epic poetry. There are labyrinths to escape, seas to sail, and pitched battles between dozens of soldiers, each adhering perfectly to the myths surrounding the deity they fall under. And it's worth mentioning that the ending is spectacular, both in spectacle and stakes.The further I got into Apotheon the more I found myself drawn into its clever world, and not just for the brilliance of the realms. There's a wealth of items and secrets to discover, owing to the transitive nature of the gear you'll use. Your weapons all have durability and break once it runs out with no recourse, so you'll need to constantly be collecting new ones scattered liberally around the world. There are dozens of potions, bombs, and gadgets to help you as well, either found or crafted using easily-gathered materials. You can upgrade your armor and your weapon skills permanently for gold, so accumulating wealth is another driver in the quest for secrets. And then there are legendary items like burning blades and radiant shields to recover and make use of.All this happens in a world that's surprisingly open to how you want to approach it. Hub areas have locked doors and guarded treasures to explore if you choose to challenge the guards. Unique keys and clues access side quests and hidden relics throughout the realms. There are breakable walls, secret switches, and special characters to find as well. By the end I felt like Apotheon had more fascinating secrets than most proper metroidvanias, and my curiosity still has not abated. There's so much to compliment about the game without even touching the incredible art style or sound design that the shoddy, floaty combat seems almost an afterthought. Not many games nail the feel of epic mythology like Apotheon, and fewer still build such a quality game on it.Did you enjoy this review? I certainly hope so, and I certainly hope you'll check out more of them athttps://goldplatedgames.com/or on mycuration page!"
,Recommended,208750,14459783,"Posted: 14 February, 2015",all,Heraclius,"Apotheon is an astonishing game in its own way but also depends on a single requirement to you appreciate the same:- Have an appreciation for Greek/Hellenism mythology and culture.Art:An impressive detailing in matters related to  Hellenistic culture and myths of the same, the developers took that to heart of this game, as you clearly notice since the design of a catchy 2D world that pass itself entirely in an ancient Greece pottery, the game wants in a way  to make you see how, in your own eyes, how this civilization, thousands of years ago, saw their own history, education, society and religion, one of the few ways of communication they ever had at disposal, to pass knowledge and learning, just like we have google and digital libraries nowadays to do this kind of work  and they were strictly loyal to that matter. For example: If you goes to Hephaestus temple inside the game and take a close look to the representation the same outside ,you may notice Doric columns, that were usually dedicated to male gods, so the developers did their homework in that point. Gods like Poseidon or Apollo, since their own respective domains appear much more in the game set in comparison to Hephaestus may be better to notice this kind of level details.History:'Grand Theft Auto: Mount Olympus’.In resume you are Nikaendros Vercetti, the badass of Dion and have to show to the Olympus, who is the boss. (That also means to continue serious during your quest while have a drunk Satyr talking of your back at some point).Combat:Ever went  while a kid to a museum and for a while wondered those Hellenistic, thousands years old pottery images of heroes, their tales of great deeds at the side of the object , giving a small historical description and some information of the object and how they actually managed to triumph over almost impossible odds? This game delivers that quite a lot with a few of the boss fights, like the Cyclops and to manage hitting the same eye not just over that part but how remarkable accurate it is the animations over the vast Hellenistic arsenal you have at your disposal fighting other soldiers and mythological creatures.----------------------- Positive------------------------------------------------Art style.-Faithful game background with Hellenistic world that includes combat style, music and amazing atmosphere.-Huge variety of weapons, potions, armor all delivered straight from ancient Greece offering an extremely versatile combat system, kill in the way you want and be happy with your own pottery carnage.-Easy and simple craft system.-Funny dialogs in their own way across several moments over the game.-Astonishing and rewarding exploration, the game really takes your curiosity to explore every corner of the map you are set and prove to not let you down most of the time while finding hidden treasures, notes or keys to even more secrets.---------------------------Negative-------------------------------------------- It may feel repetitive at some points with combat but nothing that you can’t make up with different weapons setup for a change.-  Mechanics itself may feel a bit the lack of polish and wonky sometimes.----------------------------------------Overall--------------------------------There are games out there we say that is more than just for fun but also a piece of art, Apotheon is a clear example of this, a precious hidden jewel,10/10 would definitely goes into pottery graffiti again!"
,Recommended,208750,29254618,Posted: 14 January,all,GeoLuz 🎮💯👊🤙,"Apotheon is a 2D game about Greek mythology. Apotheon means “exalted to the state of godhood.” The Ancient Greek gods that we know from Greek mythology and their powers are on display in this game. The storytelling feels quite accurate and would make anyone with knowledge of Greek mythology feel welcome to play this game from the beginning.The protagonist is Nikandreos. Nikandreos means “victory of a man.” Combine Apotheon with Nikandreos and you can imagine what direction the story of this game will be taking. As Nikandreos you will traverse the map ascending to Mount Olympus and be asked to topple Zeus, the father of the gods. The art direction is quite impressive for a 2D game, which includes patterns, shapes, and figures known to be found on Greek pottery. There are diverse weapons and armor that appropriately reflect Ancient Greece. The weapons and armor tend to wear out from use, so you must find or buy new weapons and armor. This is when marketplaces such as Agora and Acropolis come into play. Agora and Acropolis are marketplaces that include weapon merchants, armor merchants, and black market merchants are selling their items. Black market merchants sell the rare weapons, weapons you will find that have unique properties.There is a world map and a local map, both of which will make it very difficult to get lost. The objectives are always well laid out and do not have to be complete in any order. There are Olympian guards in the various towns who will fight you if you try to pick any locks. There is a lot of freedom to move around from town to town. You can try to fight specific gods or goddesses, but you can spend time exploring areas for lockboxes that contain valuable weapons, armor, lockpicks, and potions. You can also complete side quests for other gods and goddesses to gain other powers.I had read from some players that the combat mechanics were clunky. It took me some time to get used to the controls for combat, but the learning curve is not too steep. I used the keyboard/mouse control and I managed to play to the end of the story. The biggest problem that I had with the keyboard/mouse scheme was when I faced three or more enemies at once. This is when your rolling ability is put to the test. Rolling and jumping are the key to winning battles against any enemies, including Olympian guards and gods or goddesses. There is the feeling of using proper tactics against different types of enemies. Simply mashing your buttons will not consistently help you win battles. Every battle, great or small will require tactics to minimize health damage and for victory.It feels disappointing when you lose weapons and shields due to wear and tear, but there will always be new weapons and shields available to replace the old ones without having to pay too much in coins. There are also enough nectar potions and repair kits to help with your health and armor. There are a few difficulty levels such as Warrior, Champion, and Olympian. Olympian is unlocked only after beating the game once. Olympian will not allow Nikandreos to regenerate health after the health is extremely low.As entertaining as this Greek themed game is, it feels like it could have used a little more polish. There were times when I received an error message when trying to reload a save game. It was not much of a big deal, but a more polished Apotheon would have prevented the error message from happening. There was also an apparent bug at the Refuge of Athena, a place where Athena challenges Nikandreos to find keys in a labyrinth. Saving the game where the platforms are always moving then reloading the game caused me to fall to my death every time. I realized that I had to save the game at the beginning where the platform is not moving at all. I believe that a more polished game would have led to a more accurate and less awkward combat system.There is a multiplayer feature for Apotheon, but there is not option to play with the mouse/keyboard scheme. It requires two controllers, which I found strange. There is co-op play, which was included in a recent patch. However, I think that the crux of this game is single player.I found Apotheon to be a decent game with excellent art direction, interesting story, and satisfying gameplay. I firmly believe that with a little more polish this game would have been a classic one. I still recommend this game to anyone, including those with lots of knowledge of Greek mythology and those with casual knowledge of Greek mythology.My Score: 7/10"
,Recommended,208750,22224276,"Posted: 3 April, 2016",all,Iron Dagger,"Zeus is having second thoughts about humans. As the human player Nikandreos, make your way up Mt. Olympus while gaining favors from and/ or defeating deities to ultimately face Zeus himself in an attempt to save mankind from the wrath of the Gods.9/10WorldApotheon is an artistic 2D action game in an open world with a great soundtrack. After some fighting Xp you will devastate your foes and gain formidable powers throughout the journey.CharacterUsing the map and fast travel altars, you will be able to scale Olympus while adeqauately maintaining and upgrading your character, armor, and weapons at the markets and secret hideaways.TipsCraft magic potions and complete side quests to provide an advantage prior to reaching the peak. Inspect, destroy, and collect everything to increase your chance of survival and to reveal the mythical truth.ConsAiming with a ranged weapon was not very smooth."
,Not Recommended,208750,15849055,"Posted: 15 May, 2015",all,Pirateguybrush,"Overall, this felt a little shallow to me.  The plot was pretty thin (gods have abandoned humanity, so go kill them all), the combat was floaty and imprecise, and the level design is sprawling and a bit directionless.  I found myself mindlessly following the objective arrows, usually running straight past enemies that I couldn't be bothered engaging with (and didn't need to, as they're so slow).I gave it a few hours, but it didn't seem to be getting any better so I dropped it after a few bosses.On the plus side, the art style looks great, the music fits nicely, and the voice acting is fairly good.  But ultimately, it didn't engage me."
,Recommended,208750,14321876,"Posted: 4 February, 2015",all,Shaak,"I have finished the game, and let me tell you, I really liked it. This game is the epitome of an indie quality product. The amount of inmertion thanks to the background music and, of course, the outstanding artstyle, makes this a game worth trying. I took 10 hours, wich for the price of this game, is pretty fair. Also, I haven't done all of the game's ""sidequests"", so I still have more to do.Something important that I didn't expect from this game (because it isn't stated anywhere in the store page) was the fact that it's open world, therefore, those ""sidequests"" exists. Altough some are just are kind of dull, they give a change of pace to the game if the player ever wishes for one. But either way, the game changes the pace by itself. For example, getting to Athena is very diferent from getting to Poseidon. And in a related topic, let me tell you, I was surprised by the amount of creativity that the boss fights have+Pros1.-THE ARTSTYLE. You can see that the artstyle is not only unique, but well crafted and incredible. It's what convinced me to buy the game, and I wasn't dissapointed. You really feel like you are one big piece of ancient art, and it's amazing.2.-Greek mythology. Many games think that just because God of war succeeded with Greek mythology, it's easy to abuse it. That has been proven wrong. But in this case, they nailed it perfectly.3.-The controls. They are very responsive, and once you get a hold of the weapons, you find your own fighting style naturally.4.-Level design. Once you finish the first level (which works as a good, non-boring tutorial) they give you a bit of freedom to do as you please (but thread carefully). In the levels themselves, the enemies feel in place, and the moments without combat generally serve a purpose, and last just long enough.5.-Boss fights. If you are like me, and like a good, creative, brutal and old-fashioned fight against amighty, fearsome and satisfying enemy, then this is the game for you. The classic feeling stays there even with the large amount of creativity that most boss fights have. Rarely are two boss fight the same, or even simlar, which is impresive.6.-Pace of the game. The ""tutorial"" is fun, and gives a good taste of what's to come. The difficulty curve is very smooth (unless you try to go too crazy and go, for example, to Hades before Apollo, you may have a bit of trouble). And as I said before, every boss is different, and also the common enemies tend to vary, so you must change strategies from time to time. This prevents the game for getting tedious at all times.-Cons1.-Hitboxes. Sometimes you are sure you hit somebody (or that you got hit) but nothing happens. If youlike close combat, you may find a strange and maybe awkward combat situation now and then. And this is way more common that it should. Most times it is actually funny, but when the game gets harder, it might end in a frustrating moment.2.- Map design. It's not bad by any means, just that sometimes is a little too simple, and relies on changing ""areas"" to keep the flow of the game. The again, the inmersion of the game makes it hard to noctice sometimes.Veredict:9/10Highly recomended.A fine piece of an indie game at a low price, with an artstyle that has never been seen. The fun factor is always present in this enjoyable experience."
76561198025332260,Recommended,208750,15133880,"Posted: 30 March, 2015",all,kanderson91,"This is the first game I've played in as long as I can remember where I kept playing after I finished the main story just to collect all the items, do all the sidequests, and explore the world. Having the entire game look like the artwork on an ancient greek urn was an inspired decision and it really payed off. Just walking through the different areas and looking at all the statues and characters and enviroments is a lot of fun, and that's a big part of what made me want to keep playing.The combat takes some getting used to but can also be a lot of fun. I think a big part of what makes it difficult at first is that a lot of weapons have a long wind up time before the strike, whereas in most platformers the strike happens almost instantenously. I can see why some people don't like this but to me it made it feel like the attacks have real force behind them which makes landing a blow a lot more satisfying. The other unusual part of combat is that you aim your attacks with the mouse. This probably adds more depth for players who want to really dig into the system and develop their skills, but to me it often felt overcomplicated. However, if you play with a controller your attacks will automatically go in the direction your charcter is facing, so that was a good solution for me. You can still aim your attacks with the right stick if you need to.The story is interesting if you are interested in Ancient Greek literature and mythology. They did a good job portraying all the gods and had some interesting takes on their characters. A touch I really liked is the signposts around the game with quotes from Homer and other Greek authors about the parts of Greek mythology you're currently playing through. One problem I have with the story (and this is a pet peeve of mine that happens in a lot of stories like this) is that the characters all speak in that weird, formal, pseudo-Shakespearian register. It doesn't make sense to do this just because this is set in an old time period. These characters are not English people from 400 years ago, they're based on Greek people from 2,000 years ago. It would have been cool if the writing was more like Stanley Lombardo's translation of Homer, which uses mostly modern language but still sounds appropriately epic.Despite a few drawbacks though, I highly recommend this game. Its a fun and engaging platformer with a good story and a unique and beautiful artstyle."
,Recommended,208750,22641024,"Posted: 25 April, 2016",all,Bulldogs117,"When I bought this game I wasn't expecting it to be so good. Even if you aren't really into these kinds of games, Apotheon is definitely one to try out. The story is interesting and the trials are engaging. The characters are great and I was sad to see the game end. I was never taught about Greek mythology in school, so I was very interested in reading the different plaques which gave information on the different gods and goddesses.The gameplay is engaging and the different upgrades and weapons keep the game changing in a way that makes you feel supreme when you visit a previous area with advanced weapons, but still challenging in current stage bosses. Speaking of which, not all boss moments are fights. Some are tests, some are puzzels, and some are games (in the case of Dionysus, a drinking game!). Although the fights are slightly challenging on Warrior difficulty, I suggest playing the game on Champion for the full experience. The directional combat may get a bit annoying from time to time when Nikandreos swings with a mind of his own, but it's still fun!Of all the aspects of the game, the artwork is probably the best. And I'm not just talking about the nudity!. The art style, and the illusion that the whole game is painted on a stone wall, give the game a very epic (meaning story/legend) feeling and a very epic (meaning awesome/cool) look.I really had fun playing this game and, as it is now nearlly 6 am (after being up all night playing this) and I have a lecture at 10, I am going to need to wrap this up. Overall a really good game and definitely worth getting. It is worth more than the price paid for it. Trust me. I'm just some guy you met on the internet!9.5/10"
,Recommended,208750,14848948,"Posted: 12 March, 2015",all,Tent,"This game is one of those games that you find, you start up, and you instantly know it will be awesome. Apotheon has a stunning art style, mimicking ancient Greek art perfectly. The story is not the most creative thing but the mission layout is really well made - each zone has tons of variety and there are always multiple ways to conquer them. And the boss fights - don't get me started on those. Each is unique requiring skill and strategy to beat and they have they're own little mechanics to them as well which can make for a nice change.It has some basic platforming elements which admittedly can be tedious, and usually involve jumping, climbing, jumping, climbing and more jumping - followed by climbing - but the rage boiling inside me is let free when I get to massacre a group of enemies at the next area.The combat is reliant on player skill, not character skill, and you constantly need to be switching back and forth between your doru and your xiphos and rolling behind your enemies and lobbing jars of greek fire at them. Despite this, there is a nice system of character progression, and you can upgrade armour, purchase skills etc.Apotheon has basic stealth mechanics built in, and its nice to sneak into someones attic and steal their coins or shoot a satyr in the back from the shadows.I did find myself lost and the map can be confusing. Unfortunately, a lot of time is spent figuring out where to go, but the reward makes up for the painstaking navigation.All in all, despite its flaws, this is a beautiful game that deserves your money. Go get this. NOW.9/10."
76561198001192150,Recommended,208750,15441243,"Posted: 18 April, 2015",all,rpvarela,"It's been a while since I wrote a review, but I find this game deserving of one. Since this is a story-driven experience:***SPOILER ALERT***Spoilers will be properly marked with tags such as this:Spoiler textread them at your own risk.With that out of the way, let's begin.This 2D sidescroller brawler/platformer is in my opinion a strong contender for best game of 2015 (as of the time of this review, at least). It does pretty much everything right.The first and most noticeable aspect of the game is obviously its art style, which is based on ancient greece pottery painting and links nicely with gameplay elements: enemies units have red markings on them so you can identify them right away, for instance. Nice choice of color for the backgrounds and effects (foam, blood, smoke and so on) and excellent music as well.Gameplay feels very complete and fun: Your character can walk, jump, swim, climb certain slopes (and even the ceiling in a few cases), roll, block with a shield and wield a variety of ranged and melee weapons with their own unique properties. There is some enemy variety, but it isn't the main point here: combat is. While simple, it allows you to perform a variety of attacks, depending on the weapon such as throwing projectiles, upper and lower slashes and thrusts. It is essential to know these in order to attack enemies, specially ones carrying shields. It has some degree of realism to it. For instance, the slow, but long Sarissa will only hurt enemies that are at the tip of the spear just like in real life and that can take some getting used to (althought it is well worth it once you do get used to it). In short, it feels satisfying and controls very well (I used an XBOX 360 controller).Combat also includes several boss battles and this is where the game really shines: This game probably has the most creative set of boss battles I have ever seen. TheOlympian Godsyou face are not limited to simple brawls: The boss battles really go hand-in-hand with their unique personalities. Good examples areArtemis' Hunt,Hipparchos' horseback battleandPoseidon rocking your boat.Platforming sections are also well made and creative with sections such asAthena's Mazebeing one of the most brilliant pieces of level design I've played through in a good while (again, going hand in hand with theGods'personality).Gameplay also includes certain metroidvania elements such as the big overworld with several subsections, but don't expect a whole lot of hidden secrets and any form of item progression (I.E. this item allows you to access this area which gets you a new item for a new area and so on) here. It has a simpler approach, as the focus of the game is the combat. A small market and extremely simple (I mean it in a good way) crafting system provide a small degree of RPG elements to the experience, giving you some choice regarding the direction you wanna take your character in without feeling complex to the point that it detracts from the action. Like I said before, just right.The story is pretty much what you'd expect from Greek Mythology:***SPOILER ALERT AGAIN***Arrogant, capricious Gods, stern heroes, the strength of men, clashes for power, betrayal, vengeance and lots of blood.The ending moments genuinely surprised me (in a pleasant way, actually), but this is probably because I was sure it was gonna go down a certain way (and it didn't). Again, a mention to the boss battles being able to truly deliver a perfect and satisfying experience that's fitting with what's going on, story-wise. Speaking of the campaign, the game lasts just the right amount of time without feeling too short like a sudden ending and without dragging on to the point of becoming boring and causing the player to go ""ugh, get to the point already!"". Again, just right.All of that I said above refers to the campaign mode: There is also a fun duel minigame that can be played locally with a friend and an online mode which I can't comment on here, because I couldn't find games as of this time (Then again, I haven't really tried and it's still in beta, so some problems are to be expected).Anything bad I could say about the game would be nitpicking and would not harm the overall experience in any way (the only thing I can think of right now is how slopes slow you down as you're getting momentum to start running... feels just a bit frustrating. A very minor complaint indeed.)So this is my long review for this game: A fun, satisfying experience that integrates gameplay, story and art perfectly, featuring fun and interesting characters and brutal, bloody 2D action.Buy it!"
,Recommended,208750,28176562,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,young nut fan aacount,Jeerrrmmaaaa
76561198048913890,Recommended,208750,23710382,"Posted: 22 June, 2016",all,BasalticBeard,"Recently I've been looking for less graphics-intensive games to play on my mac laptop.  I wanted something fun with cool artwork that would look pretty on my retina display and this game knocks it out of the park. The ancient Greek style artwork is really cool and well done, while the gameplay is exciting and addicting. I really did not expect to like games such as this (2D, platforming, sidescroller) because I mainly game on my desktop and play all of the huge, popular RPG's and action adventure games. But I'm really glad I gave this a shot so that I can game on my laptop when not at home. Apotheon is great and I look forward to playing more games like it.**Update post completion of gameIn my initial review I focused mainly on the pretty graphics and artwork and the fact that I could play this on my macbook, which in my opinion is not intended for gaming. Now that I have finished the game, I thought it warranted a second review of the gameplay and story.As stated before, this game exceeded expectations. The gameplay, while simple, is subtly complex in ways that I did not realize until I was further into story. My favorite thing about this game is that it has many of the classic action-rpg elements, albeit a slightly simplified version. There are a variety of weapons to find/use, including ""special"" weapons for which you must complete side quests that are not obligatory in the main story. I particularly enjoyed the fact that the game encourages the use of all weapons and items in order to overcome different enemies. Sometimes I found using a spear the best option as it gave me range when fighting multiple enemies, while other times I used swords or hammers for speed or damage. Sometimes, I would lay traps while luring enemies to their doom. Furthermore, all weapon damage can be upgraded using gold at weapon trainers in markets. Armor upgrades come with increased defense, as well as cosmetic changes. When I found the Strategos helm, a large Spartan type helmet, I was elated. You are also able to craft various items and use them to different effects. These range from a simple health potion or firebomb to summoning animals and the undead to fight alongside you. Finally, the movement in this game takes a little getting used to, but once comfortable is very fun. I found out late in the game that in the air you can press the dodge/roll button to do a front or backflip that came in very useful for avoiding projectiles and accessing hard-to-reach places.As for the story I was pleasantly surprised. As far as plot, it is nothing new or unique but is still very well done. Whenever I beat bosses (typically greek gods) I felt a sense of badass-ness, and the final boss fight was as epic as I expected it to be from a mythic Greek hero story. I found the voice acting surprisingly good, which always elevates the story and game for me. Add in the beautiful art style and I was pretty impressed.For a 2D sidescroller that I picked up for 15 bucks, this game was more complex and fun than I thought it would be. It provided me with 20+ hours of gaming, and a very fun experience. I highly recommend it whether you just want something to play on your non-gaming laptop or high-performance gaming rig."
76561197993052396,Recommended,208750,14321519,"Posted: 3 February, 2015",all,Drodius,"Beautiful soundtrack, rewarding gameplay, and a delightful romp through the mythology of ancient Greece. A pleasure for any classics buff."
76561197997488014,Recommended,208750,14317112,"Posted: 3 February, 2015",all,Ж Achilles Ж,This game is a work of art. This is serious.Thank you for this great game.
,Not Recommended,208750,32077362,Posted: 30 May,all,Jarl Hamm,"Apotheon is a stunningly beautiful sidescroller based on Greek mythology.  However, it has some key issues that bog down gameplay to the point of making things just... dull.Apotheon is a fantastic work of art.  If you're interested in Greek art and pottery, you'll eat this game right up as I did... for a little while.  The root of the issue with Apotheon is it's just <i> not that good of a game </i>.  There's no advanced mechanics, no thrilling boss battles... although exploration does offer rewards and killing enemies does drop loot, there's just nothing exciting about either event.  Visual upgrades do happen, but the combat mechanics themselves don't really advance a whole lot with new gear and new settings.  I've never had to retry a single boss encounter (on normal difficulty), and I basically use the same exact tactics every single fight - button smash, aim at the bad guy, and guzzle the pleantiful potions that are strewn everywhere.  Sure, you may have to change up weapons or aim at a specific part of the enemy, but still... there's just nothing thrilling or satisfying about the fights.The story is reminiscent of God of War, and is a rather standard Greek tale of the gods and goddesses being ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s.  I can take the story or leave it, but it certainly follows the traditional epic storyline usually presented in Mediterranean mythology.In conclusion, Apotheon really offers a great backbone for a great game - and yet, does not capitalize on this.  Apotheon simply gives you a few hours in which you're stunned by its beauty, and then leaves you sad and wanting more. If you're ok with not wanting to complete the game and are just wanting to see some lovely art, then sure - by all means, get it.  I just cannot recommend it in context of a game."
,Recommended,208750,14340944,"Posted: 5 February, 2015",all,Morbid,"A fanstastic and fun to play 2D platform RPG with ancient greek pottery art theme. I spent about 9 hours to complete the game in ""Warrior"" difficulty (Including doing some sidequests).Pros:- Fantastic music.- Loads of different weapons with different stats.- Good voiceacting.- Exploring and pillaging.- Shops for improving skills and armor, and for buying potions and weapons.- Good variety of maps and enemies.- Excellent map system.Cons:- Awkward final boss.- Game crashed a couple of times, due to updates (I think).- Difficult to switch between the different weapons in battles.- Lot's of small details you can find irritating."
,Recommended,208750,14347873,"Posted: 5 February, 2015",all,HoLee Sheet,"Just beat it on PS4, this is 2d God of War, great game with amazing art style.  Its also a Metroidvania so big plus on that too. Took me almost 13 hrs to finish and i still have lots of stuff to do in it. Combat is the only thing i wish was tighter but other than that, awesome game!"
,Recommended,208750,14399702,"Posted: 8 February, 2015",all,Mayor Ausius,"This game is actually very refreshing. It's a platforming hack-n-slash that requires well-timed blocks and a good eye for where to swing. You do navigate obstacles, but the game focuses more on combat. You're often put into situations where you need to juggle between fighting at range and up close. Enemies demand that you overcome their strengths and exploit their weaknesses. The AI is pretty decent, it will strike at you if you leave yourself open, wait for you to drop your guard, and even dodge projecticles if you hurl them wildly. There is a progession system, you upgrade your armor, buy new weapons (which degreade and break after use), upgrade your damage/attack speed with certain weapon types, and purchase recipies for brewing potions (health and buffs mostly). There's a surprising amount of weaponry for an indie game, over a dozen choices. The story is interesting, and while it's not what drives me to play it, I'm definitely interested when the NPCs begin their dialogue. The atmosphere, music, and art are absolutely fantastic; the game does an amazing job aesthetically. The art style is what attracted me to it, but I can say I genuinely ended up enjoying the game; i'd give it a solid 8/10."
,Not Recommended,208750,26762064,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Merely Players,"I first encountered Apotheon through an article on IGN, and was immediately surprised that a developer had been both bold and creative enough to craft a game with such a distinct look. I soon purchased it and began playing in the company of my partner who, like me, is fairly interested in the history of art. To begin with then we were both positively biased towards it simply because of the art direction, and for most of our playthrough that was enough to keep us somewhat engaged. However, after making it through the majority of the game, our opinions had both turned towards frustration, and we decided to abandon the playthrough.Needless to say, the presentational aspects of this game are top quality. It possesses a fantastically idiosyncratic visual aesthetic within the annals of gaming, and the animation imparts a sense of movement to the player-avatar and enemies that sits well within this aesthetic. Indeed, the game has a great sense of design unity between its gameplay, aesthetic and story elements that many games fail to achieve. What's more, the encroachment of cut-scenes and other non-interactive elements is pleasantly minimal.Having said that, there are a few essential areas of design that are so disappointing that I cannot wholeheartedly recommend Apotheon. Firstly, if you are going to play it, do not use a keyboard and mouse configuration, as it renders the otherwise interestingly designed combat mechanics infuriating to use at times. Unfortunately, I was stuck using such a configuration for the majority of the playthrough as I had no access to a console controller, but I grinned and bore it as I recognised that the developers recommend the use of a gamepad. As others have also pointed out, both combat and traversal can sometimes seem floaty, and occasionally movement will glitch in irritating ways, but these are far from the designers’ biggest failings.No, far less forgivable is the overall quality of game and level design. As a massive fan of Super Metroid, I expect certain standards to be met by Metroidvania titles. These include decent variety across level designs, a good degree of depth to exploration, and a reasonably high frequency of being surprised by what I encounter and uncover. Whereas other indie gems of recent years such as Cave Story, Guacamelee! and Axiom Verge triumphed in these regards, Apotheon severely lacks: level layouts are hugely uninspired and often seemed arbitrary; the breadth of discoverable items, treasure and upgrades is disappointingly limited; and there were next to no moments when I felt delighted, excited or impressed by a hidden/hard-to-find game element. By the time I reached the maelstrom of tedious traversal and bland level structuring that is the Poseidon portion of the game (no water-temple/IGN allusion intended), enough was enough.In other regards the game wasn’t quite so disappointing. The narrative is suitably light and no more superficial than what I’ve experienced to be the general standard of game writing. However, unlike the visuals, the story-based elements did seem to lack ‘soul’, but I'm not the sort to be bothered by such things as long as the gameplay is well designed. In regards to audio, I recall not being induced to fits of unintended laughter or rage by the dialogue or voice acting - which is always a pleasant surprise given examples elsewhere in the industry - and I remember being suitably impressed by the semiotic aptness of the music.Ultimately though, Apotheon lacks any great sense of charm or character outside of its aesthetic elements, and it doesn’t possess the level of game design polish or nuance its art direction seemingly suggests. The game is a triumph of visual style over gameplay substance, albeit in a way that differentiates it from AAA titles that could be described in the same way. Historically, it will likely become noteworthy for its experimentation with a unique visual design at a time when popular games were mostly polarized between pseudo-realistic hi-fidelity graphics and nostalgia-tugging pixel art. In the here-and-now though, if you're looking for something to scratch that 2D action-adventure game itch, I'd suggest you look elsewhere."
76561198047288746,Recommended,208750,14313747,"Posted: 3 February, 2015",all,Payuka™,"If you enjoy Mythology go for it, this game is a service for you. The art style fit this title and the story perfectly."
76561197972888039,Recommended,208750,19362706,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,froststurm,"An incredible 2D-Platformer with a glitchy but funny combat system.Pros:The graphic style. Greek art at it's finestA really good and driving soundtrackSmall but good and well thought crafting systemGreek mythology!Great gameplayFree savesCons:The Combat System can be a bit difficult to master, especially when you are dealing with multiple enemies and must quickly switch between melee combat and archery / granades.The inventory system is quite hard to manage. Switching between weapons in combat can be really hard.Boss battles are a bit too easyConclusion:As a big fan of Castlevania / Metroid games and the likes i really enjoyed this one.I recommend a controller for this game!This game is highly recommended for everyone who likes ""Metroidvania"" games."
,Recommended,208750,30612868,Posted: 19 March,all,Electro Antenna Doggo,"Like God of War. but 2D, and You're playing it on a Pot.(without the Button mash garbage)"
,Not Recommended,208750,29354423,Posted: 19 January,all,Genjai,"I wish I liked this game more. I like the art style and the aesthetic. The gameplay, however, is very loose, moreso than I expected. The jumps are floaty and the combat feels haphazard and slapdash instead of the tight 2D combat that I prefer. The analog stick leaves movement less desireable instead of giving me more control.It does not feel good to play this game."
,Recommended,208750,15675128,"Posted: 3 May, 2015",all,Crouchaldinho,"This is a beautiful, well crafted and engaging gem of a game.An amazing atmosphere is created by the fantastic art style, excellent voice acting and fabulous soundtrack.The various levels are well designed and the game makes exploration really enjoyable. As you progress, Apotheon continues to offer new challenges and this keeps the game-play fresh and engaging.The combat is satisfying and the puzzles in the game are fun to complete. I love how each area has some unique ideas specific to certain aspects of Greek Mythology.I have really enjoyed exploring in this game and coming across the various gods that I have read about in books. I love how you are able to read occasional excerpts from Homer and others when you come across them as you explore.Apotheon is an enjoyable side-scrolling action RPG. I feel that its awesome style and its subject matter elevates it into being a truly excellent game. I really enjoyed my time with Apotheon and I definitely recommend it."
76561198042237959,Recommended,208750,25051870,"Posted: 21 August, 2016",all,ezdez,"I'm giving this game a positive review despite everything here being negative:8 hours in and I'm not sure how much more of the game I have left - and to be honest I just can't bring myself to finish this. After playing for about 20 minutes each session I just have to stop. I feel that the mechanics are not varied enough and I'm suffering from an epic Metroidvania travel fatigue. The levels are very large, and each God has their own area which requires a lot of back tracking. The distance between the objectives are lightly spattered by very similar human enemies with different weapons or animals trying to lunge at you. Once you have an optimal set of items, it's hard to move away from them.There are some standout moments, such as an interesting battle involving alternating between being hunter and prey, but other than that I'm not a fan. Having said that, why I'd recommend this game is that the art style is nice, the mechanics while I personally feel aren't varied enough, are pretty solid. And I think I'm a minority on the reasons why I find the game boring.Get it on a sale, give it a go. It's decent enough.Oh and everyone saying it's 2D God of War.. it's a stretch. Thematically definitely a borrowing heavily from Greek Mythology, but style and execution not quite there."
,Recommended,208750,14344630,"Posted: 5 February, 2015",all,Ace,"Man, this game is just really cool. The art style is very unique, as if the whole game is being read off of Greek walls or pottery. Music is great and ties in nicely with the intense atmosphere of the game. Voice acting is top notch (Ricepirate voices Ares, if you don't know who that is look that beautiful man up.) Combat is smooth, and you really feel the weight behind each hit you deal and take.The story is simple, but believable and awesome. The game itself is free roam once you get to Olympus, with fast travel. There are a few sidequests that will require you to go to areas you've gone through before, but never in a way where you feel like you're backtracking or wasting time. All in all, every moment of this game feels like a lot of time and love was put into it.19 hours and two playthroughs in and I only have two small qualms. Firstly, the game has randomly crashed on me twice, though a reload fixed it and I could go on playing with no problems. Secondly, a sensitivity option would be helpful. I tried playing with my 360 controller for about an hour, and though the controls were fine targetting in combat was rather difficult because it was hard to make precise hits. The sensitivity is pretty darn high with a controller.For $15, yes. Get this game. It's worth it."
,Recommended,208750,15765078,"Posted: 9 May, 2015",all,Grynder,"This is one of these games you do not forget easily.I bought it for the brillant graphics, but discovered that there is so much more.The gameplay is fun, although it takes some time to get used to the fighting controls. Most fights are head-on, though, with only few opportunities for stealth. The boss fights are among the most memorable I have encountered, I especially loved Artemis. So many good ideas with masterful execution. It just does not get old.The storyline is simply immense (saying 'epic' would be redundant, since the story is packed into an ancient epic style), with interesting twists and great storytelling. Also, the music is great.Apotheon is a masterpiece, I loved it and would recommend it to anyone."
76561198098333816,Recommended,208750,14345076,"Posted: 5 February, 2015",all,Cosmic Owl,Apotheon is a good game. i would say its totally worth the pricethe combat is well done and the different levels each have their own unique style to thembut honestly the hades map was very disappointing and more frustrating to complete than fun.
76561198065613038,Recommended,208750,31178507,Posted: 16 April,all,steel_dragonfly,Loved it. Game narrative is done in true spirit of Greek mythology. Made me feel like a real hero of epos.Would love to see a sequel.
,Recommended,208750,21031734,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,cruinne,"The first thing to really notice about Apotheon is the art: the aesthetic choices for the game are truly superb.  The whole game looks like it's taking place on the side of an ancient Greek vase, and the lines and composition are frequently beautiful. The soundtrack is quite good, and the voice acting is above par to boot, making for a great experience overall.  The game incorporates snippets of Greek mythology, from the writings of Homer to various Orphic hymns, producing an unusual atmosphere for a video game, let alone one of this category.Mechanically - well, it's a side-scrolling 2-D platformer.  That isn't one of my favorite genres by a long shot (in fact, I usually avoid them).  This category inevitably means a bit of frustration for me with the de rigueur boss fights, the lack of any choice in how the story plays out, and so on.Apotheon got quite a bit better for me, though, once I moved from keyboard-and-mouse to Steam controller to play, with a minor exception (as I'll explain below).  With mouse and keyboard, it's just too hard to be facing the right direction when fighting, but controller play deals with that considerably better.  Except when you need to, say, aim down a long tunnel to hit a target with an arrow.  Then I pretty much had to go back to mouse and keyboard for that specific trick - no amount of fussing with my Steam controller settings could get the aiming to work with any amount of sensitivity, and there is no way to address sensitivity in-game at all.(It's worth noting that I have played other 2-D side-scrollers with mouse and keyboard without this problem and I have played other 2-D side-scrollers with the Steam controller without these problems.  These issues seem to be something very particular about how Apotheon works, and it is the worst aspect of the game.)Many players also complain that the combat is clunky, and I can honestly say that I find it terrible - but that is with the caveat that I frequently find the combat in these sorts of games terrible, so I can't tell if it's genuinely wonky, or I just do not enjoy this sort of thing and since I am only trying to get through the silly boss fights to see where the story actually goes and what the next area looks like.  Just know that in Apotheon, strikes must be aimed and they must be relatively precise; meanwhile enemies will dodge - and will often spring around crazily like mad frogs - which I found to be somewhat disconcerting, and which did not seem to fit well with the game's other artistic choices and tone.  Bottom line though: if you're looking for someone to appreciate unusual or varied combat in game of this genre, it's definitely not me, so take what I say with that grain of salt here.I got best into the game by floundering through the opening level, mashing buttons until I had (slowly) sublimated attacking, dodging and rolling, and switching weapons, and then I started over in order to pay attention to the story and scenes instead of being focused more on ""Oh damn it, I didn't mean to throw that! Bwah! Why am I facing the wrong direction?!?""  That generally provided a better experience for that secondary start and subsequent play.Otherwise, though, the game is an interesting experience, and looking around provided me a ton of entertainment.  I'd definitely buy and play follow-ups to this game in the vein of Egyptian, Japanese, Sumerian, Aztec, and so on just to see the art and experience the mythology, honestly.  It's worth the admission price for that alone."
,Recommended,208750,16841884,"Posted: 2 July, 2015",all,plyr0,"Art style is literally ancient, absolutely beautiful and fresh in the industry. This is why i bought this game.Gameplay is your typical platformer with a lot of combat. There are cRPG elements: new weapons and armor, training melee proficiency. Game is short, it took me 20h, with all but one achievement.QA was very good; glitches are rare, have not seen any errors. Only the multiplayer is in beta, with mostly empty lobby.Story is present, but it is not the most important element of the game. It is linear, however, you can choose the order of taking challenges. You can revisit places. There are a lot of static quotes from ancient greek texts. They provide background for what you are fighting with, next.9/10"
76561198049488432,Recommended,208750,23436059,"Posted: 7 June, 2016",all,Goldstarknight,"Great metroidvania-like game. Very close to the original greek myths and lots of attention to detail. Also the artstyle is beautiful.I finished the game 100% in my first playthrough, which wasn't too hard. In my second playthrough I finished the hardmode (not on 100% though) which was harder but still not too difficult.The combat feels a little clunky sometimes, but if you like greek mythology, metroidvania-like gameplay and the artstyle then this is the game for you."
76561198062169952,Recommended,208750,25685599,"Posted: 24 September, 2016",all,RabidBadgerFrancis,"A very cool game with beautiful art, an interesting story, and great voice talent. The best side scroller I've played in a while!"
,Not Recommended,208750,21790768,"Posted: 12 March, 2016",all,Cardigait75,"Graphically excellent, with a gorgeous and unique style; quickly boring to play, with awful collision detection."
,Recommended,208750,19577528,"Posted: 8 December, 2015",all,BOT Eagle,i like greek mythologyi like souls-like gamei like to die aloti like this game
,Recommended,208750,25437712,"Posted: 9 September, 2016",all,Supa,"REASONS TO BUY+ Art style that perfectly imitates Ancient Greek art.+ The story actually caught my attention because it was quite an interesting twist on Ancient Greek mythology and the finale was fantastic.+ Plays like a bit like castlevania but with a consistent variety of gameplay mechanics.+ Lots of items in the game that all present unique combat interactions.+ Lots of interesting optional side quests and and plenty of secret areas.+ A full run is about 8-10 hours on the starting difficulty; it ends before its stale.+ Items have durability but can be purchased again, Even the rarest items are available for repurchase on a black market NPC in case you're favourite weapons break.+ Relatively easy to earn achievements (you have an opportunity to obtain anything you missed before the game ends) but a second playthrough is required on a harder difficulty for 100% completion.REASONS TO RECONSIDER+ Many of the seemingly minor mechanics seem intended for the harder difficulty that only unlocks after beating the game. For instance, there is a crafting system that is perhaps too generous on your first playthrough+ Some merchants upgrade skills and armour so make sure you break everything to pay for the upgrades+ Certain items cannot be purchased and may block your ability to advance such as Picklocks so it is vital that you break absolutely every box you can+ Combat is only interesting if you switch weapons a lot which is why I believe items have durability in the first place - to encourage variety. If you have a favourite weapon type and try to stick to only using it then you may find the game tedious so try to experiment+ Combat can feel clunky at times but only if you'reon top of each other+ Hold left or right to gradually transition from walking to run but for some reason the character slows his pace if the terrain changes. I found myself jumping to extend the speed I was running before the slower pace began again.CONCLUSION+ It's an experience that I really enjoyed. I adored the art, it was absolutely stunning. It's just a completely well executed and polished game from beginning to end that merits the purchase for anyone even considering it."
,Recommended,208750,22008070,"Posted: 23 March, 2016",all,Black Puppet,"Apotheon.I still dont know what to say after playing it for a while.It is a good game but not the best I have ever played. It is certainly enjoyable and easy to play but it can be very confusing at times as well.I bougth the game, when Jerma said that he was voiceacting for it and I just wanted to hear it ingame myself. Now even though that was the main reason, I dont regret buying it at all for other reasons.The Artstyle is beautiful and the voiceacting is on point. Fighting in this game is a little bit tricky but the player has enough chances not to die on various occasions. Like you can get knocked down to 1 health, and if you are quick and roll away you can heal yourself with a potion and head back into the fight.The bossfights range from puzzles to actual fights. The puzzles take some time to understand and the fights themself... Well I found them a bit underwhelming. Even me, being decent enough to have no problems (or not many), managed to get thrown all over the place when fighing Neptune or the Giants. Other enemies didnt make it easier either. In the end it comes down to you being more spamhappy with the weapon than actual skilled combat, but that comes down to the 2D style of combat.So do I recommend this game? Yea. Its enjoyable and you can surely waste a lot of time with it by figuring out its secrets and hidden rooms and of course by playing its main game."
76561198023689505,Recommended,208750,28092389,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,Lenny Pepperbottom,"Absolutely blown away by this game. It deserves way more attention than it has. I don't even know where to begin..The art direction, sound design, combat mechanics..everything is just fantastic. I haven't been surprised by an indie game like this in...I don't think..ever! If there's one game that it reminds me of (from a gameplay perspective) it would have to be Medieval for the PS1.The only thing keeping it from being perfect is the sometimes clunky targeting system when faced with several opponents, and sometimes you can get stuck in corners or the game will simply stop, both causing you to have to restart, but each level is so fun to play you probably won't mind having to do it over again.If you are a fan of video games of any kind, at all, even if you only play Goat Simulator, this is still a MUST buy, it's an absolute blast from start to finsh and you will not be disappointed.P.SFor those of you playing with the steam controller, be sure to set your trackpad in the options menu to ""joystick"" or you will have camera and targeting problems."
,Recommended,208750,33199554,Posted: 3 July,all,eaturbyfill,"Apotheon is an absolutely amazing platformer and I highly recommend it. I normally do not like platformers, but I decided to give this one a try because of the setting and art style. I am glad I did.Pros:~ The story isn't too deep, but was interesting enough to keep me engaged.~ The physics and weapon choices kept gameplay varied and enjoyable.~ Quality soundtrack, voice acting, and art.~ Multiple difficulty settings, for those who are looking for a greater challenge.Cons:~ I wish you could have more than one type of shield in your inventory at a time.Thanks to all those involved in the production of this game!"
,Recommended,208750,22732378,"Posted: 30 April, 2016",all,aisforawkward,"Gorgeous art style and direction aside, Apotheon is a game that I highly recommend.  The premise is really intriguing, and the manner in which you go about achieving your goals isn't really repetitive, a healthy mix of combat and puzzle solving, while exploring the domains of various Greek gods.  Even the optional powers (Aphrodite, Dionysus, Hermes, and Hephestaus) aren't boring and don't really feel ""tacked on.""  The other various sidequests in which you look for stashes of weapons or other secrets with hints from notes found around the game are really cool as well, allowing you to explore the various areas with an objective, rather than ""just because."""
,Recommended,208750,19820980,"Posted: 21 December, 2015",all,BrianBoitano,"If you're into Greek mythology, even if you don't like platform games, just buy it, you won't regret. Great artwork and historically/mythologically accurate, easy to play (despite some little bugs). Solid piece."
76561198047676547,Recommended,208750,30714004,Posted: 24 March,all,Wock Cizard,"Beautiful. Beat it twice over my spring break, getting all acheivements the second time around. Great soundtrack, great voice acting, great story, super fun and addictive."
,Recommended,208750,16553360,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,Breno,"Even though it resembles a 2D God of War, it does not stay behind its cousin. Apotheon brought me back to the world of mythology and action in a very simple, yet amazingly crafted way. Its OST and graphics are definitely a great masterpiece."
76561198330054139,Recommended,208750,33560731,Posted: 15 July,all,C4lixtus,"As a casual player I liked this game a lot: A God-of-War-like plot, classic platforming, a great variety of arms and enemies (though I hated all dog-like creatures, as I do in every game) and nearly everything of your heart's desire (if you're into platformers) apart from platforming challenges (as you can find them e.g. in Ori and the Blind Forest) make it really a great game. What I probably liked best was that every bossfight had its very own gimmick, so you don't just hit and roll and rinse and repeat all over hoping you can finally kill the boss and then do the same thing all over again with the next one, no, the devs have been really creative in designing customized bossfights (Yet Poseidon is a tough nut to crack and also the pre-final fight against Zeus packs a punch, but all the others are less difficult. Personally I liked best the fight for the Aegis of Athena, since in my eyes it's the most creative one and the reward one of the most useful in the entire game). Also the difficulty level is absolutely acceptable: It's neither too hard nor too easy, even on Olympian difficulty it absolutely remains playable and does not even become as difficult as e.g. Salt and Sanctuary ordinarily is. All in all a fantastic game.But being a classicist, I was really impressed and astonished, downright fascinated of how meticulously precise the ancient greek art, culture and especially literature were respected in this game: Kudos to the devs for their dedication. (Warning: There are spoilers in the following, so unless you are keen on learning, how great their attainments actually are, do not continue reading.)Throughout the world there are steles at some places, often before boss-fights or in front of doors and entrances, with excerpts of ancient literature written on them (translated into English of course), so it was quite fun for me to test myself, if I could identify the origin of the text correctly (like e.g. Hesiod's Theogony, Homer's Iliad, The Homeric Hymns, Apollonios' Argonautika, Euripides' Bacchae and so on), and sometimes I even knew the greek original by heart.Moreover, the acting deities are sometimes addressed with their classical epithets, so for instance Thetis presents herself as ""silver-footed"" and Hera is called ""cow-eyed"" by Zeus in the final sequence, which indeed might be one of the greatest attainments of the devs: The scientific state of the art claims that ""cow-eyed"" is only used when a somewhat negative connotation should be conveyed, while in neutral situations Hera is more likely styled as ""white-elbowed"", and in the very situation in the game, where Zeus calls Hera his ""cow-eyed queen"", he vituperates her for treason.Also the ancient architecture is respected with utmost dedication: Doric columns don't have plinths, Ionian and Corinthian columns have flattened canellures, the Corinthian capitals are precisely well modeled and no mere arbitrary accumulation of acanthus ornaments (like in GoW e.g.). What I really found impressive was that some buildings had pediments on top of them, which are copied from actual pediments of actual greek temples like the western pediment of the Aphaia-temple of Aigina or the eastern pediment of the Zeus-temple of Olympia, which - in fact - was the only place throughout the entire game, where I could find a (though neglegible) blooper: Some of the pedimental sculptures are in the ""wrong"" place respecting the state of the art of reconstruction, since the game uses the constellation proposed by Laeschke-Treu-Furtwängler, where Pelops stands on the same side as Sterope, which does not make any sense, because the topic of the pediments of Olympia is marriage, wherefore Pelops has to stand next to his wife Hippodameia and Oinomaos next to Sterope (which corresponds to the proposal of Hirschfeld-Kekulé). Also the ornaments used in the game like palmettes, frets, stylized flowers, etc. are without exception genuinely ancient.Another great allusion to literature was that before fighting Ares you'd have to defeat Diomedes first in order to obtain his spear, which is the only weapon that could wound Ares, since it already has done so once: This occasion was in the fifth book of Homer's Iliad during the great aristeia of Diomedes (one of my personal favourites among the individual scenes of the Iliad).Generally speaking, this is what I could find out in two playthroughs, but I suppose there might be even more details hidden in the game I have not yet found, so it will always be interesting to start a new game, since I do not yet know, what I might find out that time. The cultural details and allusions are exceptionally precise and I am more than impressed of the developers' dedication, since those are things you can't find in any old primer, but they really require a profound and thorough knowlegde of antiquity and at times even a consulting of scientific literature.I absolutely do recommend this game, since it's fun playing and even greater fun inquiring all the details."
76561197983468286,Recommended,208750,19469561,"Posted: 3 December, 2015",all,Lavoye,"I never would have thought a 2D game could be this epic.-Great art style (as a history buff it is marvellous)-Great gameplay-Great soundtrack-Great story (and huge, there is at least for 15 hours in there)-Freedom! (and the game is really big)This game is a hidden gem waiting to be discovered."
76561198108741944,Recommended,208750,21863071,"Posted: 15 March, 2016",all,Minibanks,"Let me just start with this: I know that the plot is incredibly farfetched from Ancient Greek Mythology in the sense that the gods could not just be killed by a mortal.  As a student of Ancient Greek litterature and mythology, this is a bit ""out there"" in that respect.  That being said, in every other respect I can think of, the game was spot on.  More than spot on, in fact.  The little tablets with ancient translations were incredible.  The names of the weapons were all in correct Greek spelling.  I was truly impressed with the detail that was put into the game.  Both the mythological and historical accuracy were amazing.Moving on the graphics: I was a huge fan.  In creating a platformer, I know that there are a lot of options for styles of the visuals.  The choice of Ancient Greek art style was genius.  It puts the gamer right in Ancient Greece.  This art is the same as that on greek pottery.  Once again, an awesome detail that really made the game that much better.Don't worry, I am certainly not going to overlook the gameplay.  It was a blast.  I was impressed with the combat in the sense that you have to judge your enemies next attck and there are so many possibilities to destroy your adversary.  The designers managed to make each stage tailored for that god, leading to underwater bouts, chases on horseback, and tricky mazes.  These all integrated combat with unique foes.In addition, your practically endless arsenal of creative Greek weapons and shields makes sure that each fight is interesting.  Once again, many of these weapons are found in ancient Greek culture, but many new weapons were created based on stories myths.  Discovering these weapons is really cool as you find more specialty items.This game is a must-have for everyone (especially for any of you classics students like me!)"
,Recommended,208750,16406113,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,Andronikos,"Let's get my biases out of the way.  I loved The Legend of Zelda II as a kid.  I am a castlevania fantatic.  I studied Ancient Greek history in college.Ok, phew.That said, this game is absolutely fantastic.  Period Grecian urn art stlye, complex metroid-vania map set up, crafting, SoTN type weapon selection. . . it's all here, blended in a God of War theme. Controller recommended.I feel guilty buying this during a sale.  Easily worth the full price."
,Recommended,208750,30669174,Posted: 22 March,all,Derlux,"Absolutely amazing game, with unique and stunning visuals. It easily gets you hooked and wanting more, the story is good, and each level introduces a new atmosphere supported by the amazing soundtrack.The gameplay itself may look that that varying however because of the different level designs introduced it doesn't get boring. For the explorer type of players, eploring is rewarding! Very rewarding, you can get additional god powers, stronger weapons and extra story by exploring and solving new puzzles.Absolutely recommend this game!"
,Recommended,208750,14441135,"Posted: 12 February, 2015",all,Darth Butt,"This game has an awesome art style heavily influenced by the artwork of the Ancient Greeks. The gameplay is similar to other MetroidVania titles, so nothing much to complain about there. Also, the announcer of Super Smash Bros, Caitlin Glass, and Jerma provided some of the voice acting. Need I say more?"
,Recommended,208750,28521088,"Posted: 21 December, 2016",all,Jabbapop,"Cool little game. Combat takes a bit to get used to, but is varied and satisfying, with numerous weapon types of lots of gory bits. There's lots of adventuring to be had, although the Metroidvania aspect is pretty minimal, and backtracking generally is only neccesary for some sidequests. Art style is somewhat monotone but definitely focused and refresing. Check it out!"
76561198065383730,Recommended,208750,28840738,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,Sabraen,"Apotheon is a very enjoyable indie title bringing a welcome innovation to action platformers.Although the concept of its story is not directly ""original”, its great storytelling and simply breath-taking audio-visuals ensure you will be amazed - after all, it is like living a story from an ancient Greek amphora. It might sound strange, but the game piqued my interest mainly because of its graphics and presented mechanics, its story was less important to me at that time.The game brings fluent combat with hints of tactics (brute force is seldom the best option) and it is challenging, yet enjoyable part of the whole. Additionally, you can choose from wide variety of weapons to deal with your enemies. As for exploration – well, I am not sure how the developers achieved it, but I simply loved exploring most of the levels and reading all the texts quoting antique authors. It is not like I learnt anything new, but it further intensified the overall feeling of the game.If you like ancient Greece and/or action platformers, you should definitely give this game a try. It is worth it."
76561198025353520,Recommended,208750,25790371,"Posted: 30 September, 2016",all,BaalH,"I think Apotheon might have gotten overlooked by many when it came out. It's a little sad, since the game is great. The multiplayer isn't maybe the greatest, but the campaign is in my opinion the sole reason to get the game. It's a great sidescrolling action-RPG experience which are actually quite rare these days. Completing the campaign takes somewhere around 10 hours, but there are a few optional bits around the place and there is room for replayability for achievement hunters.If you're at all familiar with Greek mythology, visiting mount olympos and battling the different gods will probably feel awesome, especially with the absolutely GORGEOUS art style the game has. I mean just look at it, it's as if real pottery came to life. The combat is also potent and can be really fun especially when fighting harder enemies in single combat. It reminds me a little of games like Chivalry: Medieval Warfare for example, but with added rolling and jumping in a sidescrolling environment.All in all, the game's visuals are justification enough for the purchase, and even though the multiplayer is a little dumbed down and the campaign can feel like it's over too soon, I would definetely recommend it. Especially during a sale."
76561198082307951,Recommended,208750,19506412,"Posted: 5 December, 2015",all,Utylike,"This game is brilliant ! I have always loved Greek mythology so I can tell that this game was actualy even better than I expected.Pros. and Cons.+ All 12 Olympian gods and a lot of Greek mythology+ Nice story+ Side quests+ Big variability of enemies+ Epic battle system+ Great 2D+ May be educating :)- Minor bugs10/10 Go ahead and play it.(And if you like Greek mythology, do yourself a favor and READ Percy Jackson and Olypmians series)"
,Recommended,208750,16471967,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,SimpleDinosaur,This game is One of a Kind.The Art style is Incredible.The setting Greek mythology done right with Zeus shown as the big♥♥♥♥♥♥he is.The gameplay is fun if not infuriating some of the time.10/10
76561198044793354,Recommended,208750,16821656,"Posted: 30 June, 2015",all,Lucius Vorenus,it's a great game if you like greek civilization.have a great history and a good gameplay (y)
,Not Recommended,208750,15500512,"Posted: 22 April, 2015",all,SaltyBot,"It's hard not to recommend this game, and i feel it may be semi biased since I really think it did a lot of things right, however i think at the core of the game, I am just bored and have no desire to continue playing.The music and atmosphere are there for sure, the voice acting is even pretty decent. But maybe this is just me, but the visual style was just not my thing. I see what they were going for but it sorta just becomes the mess of black on black, breaking pots and smashing everything just to replace weapons that break in 10 swings. Its not entirely engaging that every soldier looks the same (for the first hour i played) and the flash animation style leaves something to be desired, the characters just feel so lifeless. The physicisy felt so awkward getting randomly thrown. I suppose many may not feel this way, but I was simply not having fun.Also Something about breaking weapons in games has never settled with me. It's an annoying mechanic that once i shuffle through my crappy weapons i finally find one i like and then its gone again.  Strangely I'm ok with the dark souls way of doing it, durability and repairing them, but i feel like i get my fair use of the weapon before its broken.  Even then it is a bit annoying.  But here no, once it's gone, it's gone.Level design is quite... tediuos and unmemorable. Most outside area's don't really have any outstanding features that make them memorable, and i suppose for me thats partly on the visual style. Most indoor atmospheres feel very samey. Plenty of exploration with very little reward in big environment that feel more daunting to explroe than exciting.Lastly the combat simply feels awkward to me. Maybe I am doing something wrong but It doesn't feel like i'm making meaningful combat choices, i'm simply running up and trying to chop at something with an awkard hitbox that can miss even if i'm standing next to them because the tip of my weapon extended slightly beyond the enemy.I realize that 1 hour is probably not the most fair assesment of a game, and you may enjoy it, but for me, im sitting here thinking that i'm genuinely bored with a genre i'm usually enthralled to play , a few design changes could have made this game in my personal experience far more enjoyable."
,Recommended,208750,22272606,"Posted: 6 April, 2016",all,Dosto,"Great game. A nice metroidvania game with alot of content, quests and locations to explore under a epic greek scheme. There are some really interesting and varied god domains and exploration is rewarded. Heck you even have a wanted system in the main hubs. There is also crafting: health potions, armor kits, traps and minion summons, also a great variety of different types of meleee weapons, arrows and shields."
76561198005221596,Recommended,208750,20049079,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,FakFukFon,"With the black on red greek pottery art, it is an artistic game"
76561198037193374,Recommended,208750,16513610,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,Casual Fridays Geordi La Forge,"The amount of bitter disappointments I have wasted time and money on - the amount of games where so clearly a developer has had a brilliant idea, something incredible, and... it comes to nothing. My library is full of high-concept games that developers have obviously given up on, not up to the task of properly actualising the great idea.I saw Apotheon when it first came out, and I thought 'beautiful, but I daresay that'll be it', and I ignored it. When in the steam sale it was something like £2.50, I thought 'why not...' How wrong I had been to judge and underestimate.Everything is wonderful. The graphics are beautiful. The soundtrack is faultless, the voice-acting is brilliant. Level-design provides challenge but nothing is ridiculously difficult - it is well thought-out and achieveable.Gameplay is very enjoyable - this is the most I've enjoyed a game in years, including games I've put dozens or hundreds of hours into. And as good as the gameplay is, it's made all the better by how much effort has gone into everything around it; as mentioned, the graphics, the soundtrack, the voice-acting... Everything works in unison to create something really special. Not to mention dozens and dozens of weapons to choose from, a nice level of customisation [tiered armour and several different top-tier helmets], sidequests...There's niggles, but it's nothing truly annoying, just noticable - and nothing that isn't very fixable.This is the game I would have given a foot to have played as a kid. I really can't believe something of this quality was so cheap in the sale.I'm the worst sort of philhellene so this is a dream come true. I've just finished it and I am looking forward to trying it on the hardest difficulty. I cannot remember the last game which really... possessed me, it will have been years since the last. Apotheon has really brought my imagination into blossom."
,Recommended,208750,17652665,"Posted: 21 August, 2015",all,Fleetfiend,"Apotheon is one of my favorite platformers, period.The music and art are absolutely SUPURB. I highly recommend playing this game with good headphones, because it's worth fully sinking into. It's gorgeous, thematic, with great voice acting and a pretty good, fitting story (if you've played God of War, it will feel really familiar).There is a wide variety of weapons, and they are all interesting in their own right. Because of the way weapons degrade in the game, I ended up trying all of them at least once, out of curiosity or necessity. The combat using said weapons is incredibly satisfying; the sound effects and the tight hitboxes really drove every hit home. Some parts of the game were definitely more challenging than others, and it never felt frustrating.My only problems with this game have to do with the inventory management/controls, and slight bugginess. You can hold a very large number of weapons at a time, and it can be really tedious to equip the one you are looking for. You have to have the right type equipped (melee, ranged, tools, or support) and then scroll with the scroll wheel until you reach the right one. You can't really find what you want unless you take your eyes off of the action, which I didn't like at all. Also, the wide variety of weapons and potions in the game can feel a bit excessive at times. I used many of the weapons (and enjoyed the variety from a historical/mythological standpoint), but I rarely touched any support potions other than the healing one, which has its own hotkey.There are also a few bugs in the game, but none of them were totally game-breaking. They would either cause crashes or a need to restart (due to an invisible wall or something), but the game would continue from a very recent checkpoint.Apotheon is not perfect, but it is also really, really good. I wholeheartedly recommend it. After seeing this game, I couldn't stop thinking ""why didn't I think of this?! It's such a good idea for a game,"" and it's well-implimented. I doubt it will happen, but I would love to see more; with Egyptian hierogliphic art!"
,Recommended,208750,20493907,"Posted: 12 January, 2016",all,TheRvn,"Do not even think a second to purchase, if you are into any kind of mythology.For me it's a masterpiece with its surprises, concept and artwork! Fighting combats or controls might be a bit of disturbing for the first but you get used to it in the smooth atmosphere of the game.I'd like to congratulate and thank the developers and wait for some new story DLC."
76561197986894419,Recommended,208750,19416631,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,xdaneo,"great game, best local multiplayer ever"
76561198008769838,Recommended,208750,17193748,"Posted: 23 July, 2015",all,Gasvaer,this game is great funn. i realy enjoyed playing it. its more like when you die its your fault i never blamed the game when i died.i would have loved to see some boss diffrences some are the same as others.it is a realy good game worth its price i felt i got my money back with entertainment
,Recommended,208750,20157707,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,Muffy,Beautiful game. The controls are a little awkward but it is a lot of fun and pretty immersive. I got it mostly for the art style but i really enjoy playing it. A good game with steam link and controller.
76561198070016548,Recommended,208750,20095168,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,ÆNEAS,Beautiful artwork.Goosebumps were given by the stunning soundtrack.Cool and intriguing plot.Cool gameplay.Quite nice multiplayer.9/10   DEFINITELY RECOMMENDED
76561198008484276,Recommended,208750,20159554,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,Kerpsteen,Come for the beautiful Artstyle.Stay for the gameplay.
,Recommended,208750,20116170,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,Kasdeia,"This is a diamond in the rough. The art style, music and spoken dialog alone makes this title worth so much more than they're charging for.The animation in the video may seem stiff, but let me say that the controls are spectacular. To go between thrusting with a spear, rolling backwards and then hurling the spear, lifting my shield then thrusting a sword attack in one big natural motion makes me feel like I'm commanding the combat. The game plays out like a metroidvania, you boldly defy hubristic gods and suffer for it, which makes success taste sweeter.My only gripe is that aiming with the right pad on the Steam Controller takes a bit of getting used to, but the auto-aim is generally spot on enough that I rarely use that anyways.Oh, right. The god damned joke.10/10 would spit on Apollo again"
,Recommended,208750,17141684,"Posted: 20 July, 2015",all,TANG3R1N3C00L3R,"I'm really not a fan of the way the looking/aiming controls are integrated (espeially if you're using a mouse - maybe I just don't play enough 2D platformers), but this game is totally worth playing for the art style and soundtrack alone. If you're a Classics nerd like me, this is pretty much a must-have."
,Recommended,208750,21706320,"Posted: 8 March, 2016",all,SilentZero,"Introduction:Apotheonis an action adventure platformer based on ancient Greek mythology.  The gods have turned their backs on humanity, and you play as Nikandreos, a mortal warrior who takes up arms against the gods in order to save mankind.  Choose your weapon and get your war-face on, because it's about to get bloody divine up in here!TLDR Highlights:++ Artwork++ Level Design++ Challenging Combat+ Voice Acting+ Music- Combat Controls- Inventory SystemReview:PROS-- For starters, the artwork is amazing and really gives this game that ancient Greek mythological atmosphere!  It seriously amazed me the whole way through the game, because all of the different characters and monsters and maps kept bringing something new to the table.Speaking of which, the level design was incredible.  Each level and location had it's own style and theme, not to mention it's own challenges and puzzles and combat strategies.  Not once did I feel bored or think to myself, ""Oh, this again....""  becauseApotheonkeeps mixing it up and throwing something new at you every time you turn around.As for combat, I found it to be quite a challenge, especially in the beginning when it took some getting used to.  Enemies are really good at dodging and blocking your attacks and putting themselves in great positions to attack you.  You'll need to master blocking and rolling, but also how to press an attack.  There are so many different weapons and fighting with each one can be a completely different experience.  For example, keep your distance and be sure to hit the enemy with the point end of the spear, not the shaft.  Use maces and clubs to break shields faster.  Hit enemies in the legs to take them to the ground, and use the momentum of a jumping attack to do more damage.  All these things matter!  Simply diving into the fray and mashing buttons won't be very effective.  In fact, it's more than likely going to get you killed!After all of that, it's the voice acting and music that breathes life intoApotheon, making the game that much more immersive and exciting.CONS-- Admittedly, the first hour or so of the game was a bit of a struggle for me, thanks to the controls, which were somewhat difficult to master.  This made combat even more challenging too, at least early on in the game.  There was a point near the beginning when I questioned whether or not this purchase was a good one.  If you ever feel the same way, take a deep breath, and keep trying, because it won't take too long before you're a force to be reckoned with!Sort of related to combat controls is the downside of the inventory system.  As I mentioned earlier, there are a ton of weapons to choose from in the game, which means there's a lot to cycle through when you're changing weapons.  And it's an even bigger pain in the middle of battle.  Honestly, I'm not sure how it could have been done any better, but you do learn to plan ahead (where you can), selecting your main melee weapon, ranged weapon, potion, etc, before charging into battle rather than after it starts.  Still, it's a constant struggle regardless.OVERALL--  There's not much debate to be made here.  I'm extremely pleased with the game and even the early struggle with the controls can't come close to changing that.  If you are thinking about trying the game out, DO IT.Apotheonis a real gem, and I highly recommend it!"
76561198069365393,Recommended,208750,29494556,Posted: 25 January,all,Krogan,"Good game, controls take some learning on PC, but if you have a controller it's quite easy. I would recomend reading up on some greek mythology to get everything going on, or if you already know about greek myth, this game is for you. Note, I picked this up on sale for like 7 dollars I think, worth it."
,Recommended,208750,18749935,"Posted: 29 October, 2015",all,Tobster,"The game suffers from floaty controls and an awkward combat system - they both take some getting used to. Once you do, though, the game is awesome, especially if you're into Greek mythology. It's like a flash-based God of War game!"
76561198078530844,Recommended,208750,20394959,"Posted: 8 January, 2016",all,WilliamRockwell,"If you want to play something stylish and simple - this game is for you!It has great visuals, pleasing gameplay without any hard parts and awesome soundtrack. The plot based on Greek mythology is kinda usual for such type of stories. But overall game makes you want to read about all this things again.. And that's another plus :)I highly recommend you to buy this! But if you are not sure, you can try the multiplayer part absolutely for FREE, just search Steam for Apotheon Arena. It's pure deathmatch without any story, but can give you an understanding about game's battle system."
76561198164566471,Recommended,208750,21442264,"Posted: 25 February, 2016",all,Ip Man,That moment when you come in with low expectations of the game and then it completely rocks.
,Recommended,208750,19352025,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,Libertygeek,"Wow what an awesome game.  I have been meaning to pick up Apotheon for a while now but never have gotten around to it for some reason.  This steam sale I happen to notice it on sale for less than $4 and snagged it finally.  At 74% off it it a total steal.  So far I have less than 2 hours invested but they have been a fun two hours and I have enjoyed every minute.The artwork is beautiful, the gameplay is very nice (using 360 controller) and heck I even am digging the music which I rarely leave music playing while gaming.  I am a big Greek Mythology fan so I am enjoying the lore in the game.  The game is a very good Metrodvania type platformer and I very much wish I had picked it up earlier.  I highly recommend.  This is going to be one of those few games that I can already tell that I will actually finish instead of collecting dust along with hundreds of other games in my steam library."
76561198046666118,Recommended,208750,17884616,"Posted: 4 September, 2015",all,CATTY&Co.,"I studied Latin and Greek hexameter poetry at university so I normally hate games set in ancient Greek mythology, but I liked this - they clearly give a damn about making it authentic and have bothered to look up some black figure pot art!Their grasp of ancient Greek theology is a bit squiffy in places: a definite tendency to turn the gods that we find sympathetic nowadays into goodies, and the inscrutable, all-powerful type ones into baddies. The controls are really really floaty which put me off playing on hard. Easy was loads of fun though. The level design is absolutely world-class and they always used the engine in creative ways, whether it was racing in a hunt against Artemis in stag form or frantically trying to chuck invading dead people off Charon's barge. The music and voice acting are excellent throughout. Lots of pertinent quotes from Homer scattered about and every NPC is a name-drop... I just wish they could have been a bit more restrained with the overall plot, which is sadly pretty similar to God of War. The fact Zeus doesn't clobber humanity in a fit of divine grumpiness is sort of the point of him."
76561198011255453,Recommended,208750,28442959,"Posted: 18 December, 2016",all,mishaado,"I initially had some issues with the avatar not wanting to change direction when moving aorund. This caused some awkward play as I had to leap backwards over things to put them in front of me so I could attack them.HOWEVER, this was using mouse and keyboard. Once I hooked a controller up and used that instead, the issue disappeared.Super fun side-scroller with really well-done graphics and rock solid gameplay.It's nothing fancy, but damn is it fun.More than worth the price of admission."
76561198097401865,Recommended,208750,25260217,"Posted: 30 August, 2016",all,KaiserWillemII,"Apotheon is a game based on Greek Mythology, with its art style derrived from Ancient Greek Vase art. The story revolves around Nikandreos, who wakes up in the ruins of his home vilage. The gods have abandoned the humans, and are activley acting to destroy them. You must ascend Mount Olympus and strip the gods of their power to save your people. Some will capitulate, others will have you take it by force. The game is a side scroller, with a decent assortmant of weapons and armor. Basicially, its a great game with a unique art style, great combat and overall appealing story. 9/10.(btw Apollo is a♥♥♥♥♥♥lol)"
,Recommended,208750,26263095,"Posted: 28 October, 2016",all,Vortiene,"TL;DR - Great weapon variety, level design variety, and beautiful art. A bit clunky combat where you never feel totally in control, and occasional glitchiness.The game's got beautiful art and an impressive array of level design, with combat-heavy areas, puzzle-solving areas, exploration-based areas, some minor side quests, it's great. The story is pretty hands-off, but it works. Feels more like you are exploring and choosing where you want to go next, it's nice. There are tons of different weapons to use. I sort of wish the weapon drops were less plentiful, as I felt like I never had a shortage of weapons. In games where there is weapon degradation/breakage, you want to save the best weapons for after the crappy ones have broken, or for important parts. The crappy ones just keep coming though, so you never switch to the good ones when they run out, cause they don't. Bit of OCD annoyance there.The one notable negative to the game is that the combat feels awkward. I think they designed it to seem realistic? There's no true combo system, making it an exchanging-blows affair in the end. However, you can zip around super fast, switch weapons super fast, but regardless of those unrealistic factors, the weapons never feel like you can wield them effectively in comparison. Slow clunky stabs/slashes, and the idea that you have to be a certain distance from an enemy (ie, if you're too close, it won't hit) with weapons like a spear ends up making combat awkward, especially against multiple opponents on the higher difficulty modes where you flinch when being hit. You get used to it after a while, but it's sort of aggravating. Moreover, there's a dodge roll, but no invulnerability frames on it. What's the point?It's kind of glitchy sometimes. Enemies that throw you wind up the throw with you in hand, and if you're near a wall when grabbed you'll for a moment phase through the wall. This instant-kills you. Extremely annoying, happened to me 3-4 times in the playthrough. There should never be instant death on going out of bounds. That's lazy.Aside from those two issues, the game itself is fun to explore and experience. Collecting and trying out different weapons feels good, the soundtrack is suitable, with a couple of somewhat memorable fanfares amidst a mostly atmospheric set of audio tracks. The level design variation is probably the best aspect, regardless of which God's area you enter, there's always a different setting and gameplay style to experience. Great stuff. In the end, if you can get over the combat, which does get a bit more enjoyable at the end due to upgrades, it's totally recommendable."
76561198099776263,Recommended,208750,21077625,"Posted: 9 February, 2016",all,Highfive,9/10
76561198041429640,Recommended,208750,29869713,Posted: 12 February,all,Ornlu Wolfjarl,"A very nice game. I enjoyed myself immensely. Maybe it's a bit too easy for my taste, but its amazing art style, satisfying combat, wealth of an arsenal and engaging storyline more than make up to it. It's inspiration from Ancient Greece is not just in the visuals. The story very much resembles a Greek myth and as a Greek, the subject matter seems well researched and nicely put together."
,Recommended,208750,23817651,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,Dосква,"Pros: 5- Great combat system, rather easy to control.- Beatuiful graphics style.- Incredible boss fights, each boss fight seems rather unique within the game.- Has quite a bit of replay value, especially if going for a 100% achievement run.- The game often rewards you greatly for working towards achievements.50/50: 1- Some gods and bosses have good voices to accompany them, others don't.Cons: 2- Depending on platform, constant crashes may occur. (I recommend frequent saving.)- Occasional glitches involving bosses getting stuck can happen. (Same suggestion above.)"
76561198006988535,Recommended,208750,19851544,"Posted: 22 December, 2015",all,Gondi,"As student of the Classiscs I found this game to be wonderful.The first thing that pops out to a player is of course the artstyle. The artstyle is inspired from blackfigure painting during the Classical Greece in 7th-4th centuries BCE. The use of this style creates a visually distinct game that is pleasing to behold.In regards to story, it is somewhat comparable to God of War where you are ultimately fighting against the Gods. The major difference though is the respect that is taken to the actual mythos surrounding the divinities. The modernized view of many of the divinities is taken away. Hades is not Satan, Apollo isn't Mr. Perfect. Additionally there are many homages to classical myth scattered throughout the game that should put a smile on any fan of Greek Mythology.Gameplay is fairly solid. Combat is focused around on both aiming and timing attacks intandem with blocking and dodging oncoming attacks. There is a large variety of weapons both ranged and melee to be found in the game along with special weapons with unique properties. The weapons have durability which is a nice touch, altough I found that weapons break too quickly sometimes. I found a sword that I could not purchase in the market, so once it breaks I will be lucky to find another one. There is a hubworld system in the game that encourages exploration. You will end up saving a lot of money by doing this on armor and weapon purchases. Finally there is a crafting system that allows you create potions and tools to help you on your quest. Controls works but take some getting used to, I would prefer to have more hotkey options for the PC version.As other reviewers have noted, this game is easily a hidden gem. It's a shame that this game didn't get more attention on release. This game is a must have for fans of the Classics and a high recommendation for people looking for a new Metroidvania experience. 10/10"
,Recommended,208750,17805824,"Posted: 30 August, 2015",all,Baphomet,"Apotheon is a 2d sidescrolling platformer taking place in Greek mythology. You play the role of Nikandros, a human whose civilization was forsaken by the gods. Seeing your city in ruins, you make an alliance with an opportunistic Hera, who guides you through your quest of assassination and dethroning.The graphics for this game are themed entirely around ancient Greek paintings such as those found on pottery or tapestries and it has a really neat look as a result. The soundtrack is also set along the same theme and various obelisks detailing actual Greek scripture can be found in each level. The weaponry mirrors that which one would find in ancient Greece and just about any other obvious reference you could make is accounted for.If I had to pick one beef in this game, it would have to be the controls. The control scheme in this game is very similar to terraria in that you have to both face your character towards enemies or items as well as “aim” him. Combat can be kind of tricky at first and combined with knockback effects, downright awkward. I found myself struggling just to land hits against an AI that instantaneously switches to the exact counter to my current weapon. Thankfully the game has potions and other items which can be used to easily resolve combat, although with the added detriment of a cheapened accomplishment when one uses a potion of invulnerability to cheese a boss battle. Additionally the quests can be both tiresome and predictable (come to an area, 3 sub-quests, rinse and repeat).In the end I didn’t think that Apotheon was a great game, but it wasn’t a terrible game either. If you can grab it for under $10 you’ll probably get your money’s worth on this one."
,Recommended,208750,22015667,"Posted: 23 March, 2016",all,thinknervous,"I absolutely love the concept of this game, particularly the brilliant art style (inspired by Classical Greek pottery) and the use of real mythology to weave together an original storyline. The voice acting is pretty good, which is rare for a video game. I also love that it was created by such a small team.Drawbacks: The controls were pretty wonky, which was normally fine but made some of the battles and other obstacles unnecessarily difficult--and not in a ""challenging"" way, just in a frustrating way. (I like what they were trying to do with the controls, it just didn't seem as well executed as it could be) The graphics also struggled, even if I greatly reduced the resolution. Both of these problems could just be my computer though; it's not the fastest.This isn't a drawback for me, but if you are squeamish in any way, this is not a game for you. It's very dark, bloody, and violent, and there is a lot of nudity--of course, without any of that, it would be missing the point of the mythological inspiration.Overall, vey well done and definitely worth playing!"
,Recommended,208750,19667577,"Posted: 12 December, 2015",all,Netmachia,Awesome gem of a game with a terrific art style.
76561198003507077,Recommended,208750,34362091,Posted: 19 August,all,TNTQc,"I was intrigued by this game at first. The art and graphics are simply beautiful. I also love the soundtrack; high quality. The greek mythology always fascinated me and here in Apotheon, i'm over satisfied. I would highly recommend this game for those who love platformer games and mythology aspect. The game is deeper that I imagined. Lots of combats, big and nice map, bosses are great. You have to get use to the controls, but once done, it's good. Apotheon is a fine and interesting game.. try it!"
,Recommended,208750,15507505,"Posted: 23 April, 2015",all,FxckNelson,"One of the best indie games on steam, easily. Combat is fun, great physics keep the platforming fresh as you get better at moving & fighting. Puzzles are fun, not boring. I'm like 10 hours in and still loving it."
76561198035474397,Recommended,208750,19653691,"Posted: 12 December, 2015",all,SFlav,"Just finished the campaign, on champion difficulty.What a special game.One of the greatest metroidvanias I've ever played.Among the many Apotheon qualities I think combat is the highlight.2D games use to be frantic rapid-fire / button mashers, but not here.Apotheon's stamina-based, weapon-shield, defense-counter-attack mechanics are very well done and require some strategy. Sorry by the cliche, but at the time it's the closer to a ""2D Dark Souls"" we can get.About the art style and soundtrack... well, see for yourselves.Alientrap, I praise and thank you for the amazing work."
76561198028395838,Recommended,208750,19631676,"Posted: 11 December, 2015",all,#204NoContent,Not sure that someone said vedio game is the 7th or 9th kind form of arts.Well this game told me art is the 9th kind form of game.100/10
,Recommended,208750,25598338,"Posted: 19 September, 2016",all,RevolverDrummer,Apotheon is a great side scroller combat game. If you are a fan of Greek mythology you will likely find yourself quite interested in the story this game has to tell. Never before in a side scroller has the art style fit the game so incredibly well. Each time I play it really makes it seems as though the story of Nikandreos is playing out on some sort of Ancient Greek art (pottery perhaps) restored to its full former glory. Occasionally the mouse directional combat can have you a bit confused but overall the game plays well and is an absolute pleasure to gaze upon.
76561198082533031,Recommended,208750,34942544,Posted: 13 September,all,MassAttack,"This game was freakin awesome!! I have always loved mythology and the art style lookin as if it was fresh off a greek pot would have been enough to peak my interest. But, on top of that, it had fun combat and a pretty engaging story that involved many mythological characters in an interesting way. Granted, the fighting itself is a literal hit or miss as it is a basic 2d sidescroller but, the ability to fluidly change what weapon to use according to the specific scenario I was in was where all of the fun crap went down. Even just fighting the enemies in the hub area was sometimes engaging enough to distract me from even going to the next story area. Overall this game is a 10 outta 10 and i cannot recommend it enough!!!!"
76561198141671607,Recommended,208750,35143396,Posted: 22 September,all,Dindu Nuffin,"Great game.-7 hours to complete-9 hours to complete all achievements-Unique weapons and great art style (this is the main reason why the game is so good)-Fun level design and boss fights-Not much incentive to play after game is beaten-Storyline is very unrealistic (if you already know about Greek gods)Overall, a very good game, but there is no one online to play against, and is great to play all in one run. I'd recommend buying on sale, if possible."
,Recommended,208750,22924576,"Posted: 12 May, 2016",all,HoJu,"I fell in love with Apotheon at first sight. Of course the first thing I noticed is how gorgeous it looks, I love ancient Greek black and red figure pottery, and this is the perfect style for a 2D game about Greek mythology, which I also adore. Everything from the backgrounds to the characters is lovingly crafted. The switch in colour palettes works very well to give different moods and personality to the different levels. The music is fantastic aswell.The immersion is completed with superb writtng and voice acting. The inscriptions with actual texts from ancient authors from Homer and Hesiod to Apollodorus or Euripides are a beautiful detail that tells you the developers really did their research.Now to the gameplay. The combat is based in timing and momentum, the longer you run, the faster you run and if you hit an enemy with a running uppercut, it's joyous to see him flying away offscreen. I played with kb&m and managed well enough although sometimes I wasn't sure where my mouse was and couldn't turn or aim my blows effectively. The enemies can use the same moves, weapons and tricks you use, they switch between ranged and melee, they sometimes heal themselves, block, dodge and are generally competetnt AI. The weapons are varied and feel different, and you'll have to get used to different weapons because they break, even the special ones (they're not unique, only rare). Not usually a fan of weapon breaking but here it's done well. You always have other weapons you can use, even if they're not your specialty but you're never defenceless, and it won't be long until you can loot new weapons. I don't think I bought a single weapon from a trader in all my time ingame. Every item that's for sale you can find in the world (not so for training and crafting recipes).The levels have their own mechanics and each one feels unique and original. Same goes for the bossfights.As a negative point, the inventory management is not very good. Scrolling to select weapons gets a bit annoying when you have many and are looking for the right one. The shop inventory and the items description boxes can run off of the screen. But that's about it, I don't have any other complain. This is one of my favourite games of 2015, and if it's not THE favourite, it's because of The Witcher 3."
76561198071448712,Recommended,208750,22796038,"Posted: 4 May, 2016",all,Snowraven,"Really great game.The action of the game starts in an ancient Greek town and works its way to Olympus where you go with the intention to save your people. By the end of the game you actually start feeling like a true hero, even if the ending is slightly unexpected.Boss fights are engaging, and there's a few bosses indeed. Not all are about fighting 100%, for some you solve puzzles or take trials which makes the game actually seem engaging. Even for the bosses themselves, each have their own abilities and at times you need to perform several tasks before you can even start the battle.Furthermore, through the plaques sitting around you learn quite a bit about the actual myths and stories of real life ancient Greek gods, which is an awesome bonus.The artwork is amazing, it feels as if you're actually a mural on a greek wall/vase making your way and seeing the story being drawn so to say, and the artwork is really amazing in my opinion.The sound is nice, the music fits the moment and the athmosphere.You have different upgrades for your charater, weapons that do different things, both melee and ranged that you can upgrade by getting new and improved ones.One small problem is the attack direction, with melee weapons your character attacks depending on where your mouse is in 3 directions, direct attack, upwards attack and downwards. That being said it's a bit hard at times to actually get the attack you want. This will be mostly evident at melee bosses and at the last boss.Overall, an amazing game that I'm glad to have bought. Interesting, great story, great gameplay, visuals and music. Truly worth playing."
76561198033975337,Recommended,208750,17457512,"Posted: 9 August, 2015",all,Inquizitor,"I always loved greek mythology.Nice gameplay and features,with interesting stroyline and combat system.I wish this game was a CO-OP.Definetly 10/10"
,Recommended,208750,20560125,"Posted: 16 January, 2016",all,laker,"The first thing probably everyone will notice is how amazing this game looks. It's certainly a main reason why I've bought it. And what makes it even better is an amazing soundtrack which breathes with mythology and epicness. The one thing that could and should be better visually vise is terrain. At least some parts, like the thin ones designed for vertical traversal. Those are just thin black lines and it looks really weird.But what about the game mechanics? Well, they are ok.It's a 2D game and the maps are usually both very horizontal and vertical. The traversing through the map isn't always without problems. Sometimes when you for example jump on a ladder the game won't notice that it's a ladder and you won't be able to climb it. There are these slim terrain parts which are there for you to change your vertical position (I obviously don't know how to explain it), by jumping while holding the Down key. Which isn't really that responsive, especially in combat.The combat it self is just a click fest, even though you have a stamina which will deplete quickly. I think that they imagined the combat to by more tactical but I don't think that they've managed to do it. Main reason is the problem of the enemy AI with navigation on the map. If there is a vertical traversal or a jump sequence then they'll run around like crazy (especially the animals).You can block, use different types of attack based on the mouse movement and roll around. It certainly can look good if there isn't too much of a chaos. But more often than not I had to just click attack button like a mad man.The item progression is a particularly good one. There is a ton of different types of melee and ranged weapons, shields, armor parts, and special items like bombs, creature summons, healing and invisibility potions, the list goes on. There are a lot of special, mythical, weapons.The way the armor works is kinda weird. You have few armor parts which increase your maximum armor. When enemies are hitting you, the armor goes down and after it reaches zero they'll start to attack your hit points. Then you can either fix your armor with Repair kit or destroy items (boxes, vases, whatever) and find armor points like this.There are limits for how many of each items you can carry which honestly I don't understand. The main problem with items and combat is that the weapons can break down. And they'll break down really fast. It's not unusual that while you are fighting with few enemies three of your weapons will break down (because all of them were used previously) and you'll just see how every few seconds you have different kind of weapon in your hand. One moment you have short knife so you are right next to the enemy and suddenly you have 5 kilometers long spear in your hand and you can't hit him. I really don't understand reasons for this. And I don't think it fits with the mythology theme. There is a book written about you, great hero fighting gods and every third sentence is about how you have to switch weapon because another one had broken down?I don't know if I'll ever finish this game (I have played it for 7-8 hours so far, don't look at the hours steam is showing, I was waiting for trading cards:D) because Dragon's Dogma just came out and I don't find the story of Apotheon interesting. There isn't much of a story telling. You'll get few objectives and you can read few lines here and there about the gods. In the few lines of monologues, you can see their different personalities, and that's great. And I have to add that some of those objectives are really creative or at least interesting. So you are just playing around with these average mechanics while looking at a beautiful piece of art.It's an interesting, beautiful looking game. I would like to see more, but with fleshed out mechanics. The UX could be better, the fighting system should be better, the map traversing should be better, the story telling should be better. Then it could really be an amazing experience. Now, if it would be without its visuals it would be an average game, with those visuals it can't be average but it isn't that much fun to play for a longer time.Buy it on sale."
76561198108860415,Recommended,208750,32889148,Posted: 27 June,all,Mikkedn,"As many other people said before me, this game has a lot of issues. Gameplay isn't always great, controls aren't always functional, enemy AI isn't always perfect. But this game managed to do something I would have never expected from a game: it managed to perfectly blend the dreamlike and supernatural atmosphere of greek mithology and the fast paced, bloody gameplay I would expect from an ancient greek opera. I'm not an expert on greek mitholgy, I only know some stuff, but the story (up until now, at least) proceeds smoothly and pleasantly. I can only say, if you are into greek mithology and fast-paced videogame, this is for you."
,Recommended,208750,14588836,"Posted: 21 February, 2015",all,Rolu,"Works flawlessy on Linux. The combat system has one of the best workflow. The quests are not linear and absolute, wich makes it a tiny bit like Skyrim in my heart. I use to pass on platformers, this game made me change my mind."
,Recommended,208750,14421957,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,Idanwin [SLUG],"REVIEW 2. (playtime 4h)I had only played the intro. After that the difficulty goes up, and you get to choose between Warrior and Champion (if you want to go even more difficult). The game explains very little about what the goal of some boss/mini-boss battles is exactly, but it's easy to find out and you always just restart before the battle/mini-game without penalty. (so losing a few times isn't that frustrating, wasting arrows can be frustrating though)I'm still in the ""OMG, the pottery graphics are beautiful""-phase, and it is a very enjoyable phase. The story is not very interesting, but it doesn't have to be (at least for a philhellenic like me!), the environment and the quotations as well as the broad range of challenges keep the game interesting.Negative points:This game definitely suffers from AITKS (Arrow-In-The-Knee Syndrome) some of the NPC lines get really annoying when hearing them for the umptieth time. It's mainly the Agora market voices (since that is where I have to return to all the time)REVIEW 1. (playtime: 0.5h)Only just got this game.It's absolutely beautiful.The beginning was really easy (too easy), maybe I just need to find the difficulty slider (haven't searched yet)."
,Recommended,208750,19519565,"Posted: 5 December, 2015",all,ORION,"A very good RPG platformer game with awesome artwork, soundtrack and combat system, carefully designed levels, and a great story. Crafting too many (unnecessary) items in the game is the only negative point in my opinion, otherwise it is a great game.9/10"
,Recommended,208750,17344957,"Posted: 1 August, 2015",all,xulapa.anu,Enjoyable.Combat coud be better.Some achievements related glitches.
76561198068849291,Recommended,208750,20454562,"Posted: 10 January, 2016",all,DeathClaw,"One of the best games I have played in a long time. You start off as a villager who's village is under attack after being cursed by the gods. Once you defeat the attackers, Hera sends you to Olympus to defeat all the gods. What happens afterwards is up to you. Very well written game with lots of action, great graphics, and yes you have to use your brain a lot. I highly recommend this game for any fan of rpgs. Well done."
76561198229231924,Recommended,208750,26508348,"Posted: 9 November, 2016",all,teufel_barde,"Apotheon is a fun, 2-D action game, with a few bugbears in the works, but nothing that stops it from being a wonderful experience.The game is (if you couldn't tell) based on greek myth. The short version of the plot is that zeus is♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥at mortals and wants to wipe the planet of them, hera (his wife and sister, yes, greek myth is ♥♥♥♥ed up like that) doesn't like the♥♥♥♥♥♥he is pulling and decides to make you her champion. From there you go around God of War style and murder most of the greek gods, some of them help you, but most want your head on a pike.The gameplay is rather simple, yet effective and varied enough to keep it from getting boring. You have two sections of weapons, melee and ranged, during the course of the game you'll pick up many different weapons and can scroll through them all with a flick of the mouse wheel mid combat to get just the right tool for the job. Anything from knives to hammers that cause the ground to explode are on offer, hell, even some arrows that turn enemies into allies later on to. You also get a shield with which to stop the enemies from turning you into crumbled red feta cheese. Everything has durability and will eventually break, meaning you constantly need to swap out weapons and your shield (which you can only carry one of) in order to survive in combat, this forces you to change your play style on the fly, which can be a bit difficult, but once you get it down your fine. Normally you can pick up weapons from more or less everywhere, same with shields, but they are just sparse enough to make you keep swapping them out.Actual fighting is a little messy, since its all on a 2-D plane and normally its you VS three or four dudes at a time, all of which can attack as quickly as you. When you use the shield you create a barrier in the direction your arrow is facing, and anything that hits it is blocked, but this costs durability. Some shields offer bigger barriers than others, meaning it is possible to crack someone over the head with a hammer even if they are defending. The AI in this game is pretty good, as they will block if they have the time and will dodge attacks unless your quick and aim well. Its not so hard that its impossible, just that it requires good amount of concentration.Visually, the game is very unique, its designed to look like the side of those greek vases, and it is pulled off really nicely. The soundtrack is also a rather lovely bit of work, you don't notice it much, but when you do its nicely themed and well composed.The game also drops alot of greek mythology lore on you from start to finish, both in the form of actual levels and tablets that are scattered about. Its interesting to see how they use some of the tales, oh, and before you ask, yes, you do fight a chimera.Its not the kind of game you'd use to teach people about greek mythology, but it is a game that you can play if your looking for a 2-D, budget God of War, or if your looking for a truly unique and overall satisfying experience in the form of a greek Metroidvania game."
76561198245029784,Recommended,208750,31110425,Posted: 12 April,all,Shadow_Hunter,MAKE A SEQUEL THIS IS MY FAVORITE GAME AND THE BEST GAME I HAVE PLEASE MAKE A SEQUEL
,Recommended,208750,19636511,"Posted: 11 December, 2015",all,TTL.Ora Nella Ora Mesra,"It's like God of War, Dark Souls and Guacamelee battling each other and finally have a son"
,Recommended,208750,14329726,"Posted: 4 February, 2015",all,da real slipp n crunch,Threw a spear into Apollo's smug face 10/10
76561197992138881,Not Recommended,208750,20790880,"Posted: 27 January, 2016",all,grins38,like many said before me -- terrible controls. i gave up at the level where fast and precise navigation was paramount but was simply not possible with the game's wonky controls.it is a real shame since the game is beautiful and it's metroidvania aesthetics is appealing.
76561198028077802,Recommended,208750,14891959,"Posted: 14 March, 2015",all,communistmoon,"Great! If you like Greek mythology and fighting, you will love this game."
76561198078830918,Recommended,208750,17737434,"Posted: 27 August, 2015",all,Sheisty Individual,"UFO of a game yet very stylish and enjoyable.I think there's a very subtle and tiny eventuality that the creators might possibly, and I'm just speculating, be showing an imperceptible rather minimal interest in Greek mythology"
,Recommended,208750,20219115,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,Killeyedascope,"I love the art style for this game - I bought it for that alone! Need to play more, but the gameplay is really fun as well."
,Recommended,208750,21523217,"Posted: 28 February, 2016",all,Synful,Amazing game
76561198095975297,Recommended,208750,20028641,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,Reloch,Absolutely epic.
,Recommended,208750,21434223,"Posted: 24 February, 2016",all,Thread,"Great game, I think I paid like... £3 or something.It's a good story, good length, good combat, but most importantly it's that atmosphere of running about as the illustration on a greek pot."
,Recommended,208750,21530835,"Posted: 28 February, 2016",all,megan,"Apotheon is as beautiful and rich as you can see from the sceencap images. You're placed into a 2D open-world landscape based on traditional Greek mythology as you travel Olympus confronting each of the Olympians in the hopes of defeating them or convincing them to help you in your quest to challenge Zeus for abandoning humanity. I absolutely love how each of the gods' realms is developed to suit their nature and thematic powers. Each makes you think on your feet for clever solutions on how to beat them or how to use your surroundings to your advantage. You could of course just jab things with spears, but imo the game is much more fun the more thought you put into it.The voice acting and writing is fantastic; I love how diverse all of the voices sound, and that there are little plaques of information from various Greek writings to set the tone throughout the story. The map is also the perfect size for this game. It's got enough side quests to keep interest, but not so many to deter people from even trying, and the maps are expansive enough to showcase Alientrap's creativity but not enough to overwhelm.The only criticism I have, that I know is reflected amongst other players, is the unnecessarily difficult fighting system. There's a slight pause between the time you click and the time Nikandreous attacks. I've heard some arguments that it requires you to strategize and time your movements perfectly to attack, but this is hard for me to reason when you have a computer that lags, or the enemies moving faster than you are, or a trackpad (since he attacks in the precise direction your mouse is pointing), or you're simply just less into fighting than you are into the story and world. I feel the combat system as it is would've been better suited for a higher difficulty for players who want to challenge themselves that bit more, because the game is interesting and challenging enough.But if you can make it through the cumbersome combat or figure out a strategy that works for you, it's worth your $$$. I'm no expert on Greek mythology but even an amateur like me can tell a lot of research, planning, and respect went into every part of this game, up to and including the monsters, gods, history, and overarching symbolic narrative."
76561198028128272,Recommended,208750,21633248,"Posted: 4 March, 2016",all,nylonstringninja,"This game does a great job of bringing Greek mythology to life. The art, music, story, and level design tied together to create a compelling experience that felt like something Homer wrote. The game also does a good job with pacing; it's doesn't take too much time to feel like you've made a decent amount of advancement in it. I have two critiques of the game. First, the controls are a little awkward. The fights usually feel pretty epic, but if you stop too close to an enemy it gets really weird as your weapon swings go right past each other. Second, the inventory screen is a little cumbersome and keeps track of unnecessary things like obsolete armor types. Overall, I'd give this game a solid B+."
,Recommended,208750,16541415,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,Rennacius,What a beautiful and pleasant game!!εὖ γε! νῦν γὰρ σπονδὴν τοῖς θεοῖς σπένδω καὶ τὰς εὐχὰς εὔχομαι!
76561197999336695,Recommended,208750,22038170,"Posted: 25 March, 2016",all,Metal_Warrior,"Apotheon is an excellent 2D platformer. The gameplay is fun with a variety of melee, ranged and special weapons and some looting, crafting etc... There's quite a pleasing variety of levels and objectives, so that you don't just have to run around from point A to point B. But where the game really stands out, is on graphics quality. It is gorgeous. The designers have done an outstanding job into transforming the Ancient Greek art into a living world. Often in the game I paused to admire the beautiful surroundings and the NPCs, it felt like the art of an amphora had just sprung to life.Where this game is missing out is on the storyline. The idea of the main quest is ridiculous but I'm kinda fine with that... What wasn't clear was how my hero, a protector of men ended up slaying everyone indiscriminately, looting their houses etc... It was my choice you'd say, but some of the quests/achievements cannot be completed otherwise, and some areas will be left inaccessible. Which brings me to my last point, that even though it feels great that it's an open world game, I was some times lost on what I have to do next to progress some of the side quests.Overall, a fantastic idea and a great execution from the Alieantrap team!"
,Recommended,208750,21516318,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,EvilLost,"A simple Metroidvania game with a relatively unique combat system and an amazing soundtrack. Despite the heavily under-utilized exploration elements, the game nails the rest of its components and was an enjoyable play. Easily recommended for fans of the Metroidvania genre; if you are new to this genre, you can start with this game but there are a few better choices out there (notably Guacamelee).PROS:-Amazing soundtrack.-Solid voice acting.-Simple metroidvania concept with varied environments, hidden areas, and breakable walls.-Different weapons feel different.-Unique artstyle. This style has the possibility of being an eyesore or making certain components difficult to see, but this was not the case at all with Apotheon.NEUTRALS:-2 game world hubs. Cannot access the second hub until you clear the first hub which somewhat limits speed run or ""alternate path"" run throughs. However, within the given hubs, they can be cleared in any order from the start.-Breakable objects mostly pointless. Only ""meaningful"" collectible is gold which is used to get damage upgrades but not really needed.-Enemies are mostly pointless. I found myself simply running past most of them towards the second half of the game, especially after I had level 3 attack upgrades.-Way too many health/armor drops. I had max inventory almost all game.CONS:-No meaningful abilities gained (giving access to new areas).-No consideration for additional access in level design.-Heavily under-utilize exploration elements.**This is especially odd given it is a Metroidvania game, but, aside from armor, you gain no abilities that give you access to new areas. This is quite strange because you DO get the ability toroll in mid-airwhich could have been used to give access to many new game areas but....the environments/levels are not designed in this way.-Does not properly support side mouse buttons (not a big deal). 1 of my 2 side buttons did work, but only certain abilities (I ended up using it for throw, but it would not work for roll even though it would bind)."
76561198071600183,Recommended,208750,20099223,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,Log Dogs,Pretty ♥♥♥♥in' neat
76561198152792903,Recommended,208750,20130101,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,Snake RantsOLot,"A very amazing, artistic, and overall beutiful game with an engrossing story and extremely fun gameplay. Didn't offer up a HUGE challange, but still an enjoyable experience. 10/10"
76561198147677284,Recommended,208750,20105428,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,Mortedartius,"Maaaate, I AM the aussie fella in Clash of the Titans ! albeit a 2D side scrolling version."
76561198001894118,Recommended,208750,20133659,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,BlindSoldier,"Apotheon is a beautiful game with a beautiful story. It keeps it simple yet interesting with plenty of secrets and small objectives to do that give you worthwhile bonuses, all without becoming tedious. It gets the mythology right, which is not something that always happens, and there are references and history all throughout the game.While the combat can occasionally become frustrating it is very rewarding when you defeat a boss or clear an area of especially annoying enemies.The soundtrack is amazing, really setting the mood and allowing you to be pulled in.All in all it is a fantastic game."
,Recommended,208750,20134780,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,Demi ♆,"Apotheon iks unlike any game ive played before. As a massive fan of Greek mythology and as a certified demigod aswell, Id say this game brings out the fun in histories greatest myths. The game is beautiful, the story is amazing and I would highly reccomend it."
76561198019424810,Recommended,208750,20107360,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,Doubleclick,"Deserves an award for Most Pleasant Surprise of 2015. Got it out of curiosity with the price being so low at the time of writing, and it's easily become one of my favourites in a year that was stuffed with stellar games.The art and music are excellent. Visually, it's like the artwork on Ancient Greek pots has come to life. From the first moments to my latest, it just kept getting prettier. With every new area, I fell in love all over again. Great voice acting. It's simply a joy to wander in this world and find new secrets. The slow-swinging combat takes a little getting used to and will seem frustrating at first, but it's good fun once you get good at it. You have to learn the pace of the weapons and how to time your strikes, and with training and upgrades you become more dangerous too. While it's enjoyable enough roaming around, there are many fun action sequences and the boss fights are creative and exciting.If you like Greek myths, 2D exploration adventures, and a lot of ""find Key X to open Door Y"" progression then you'll love this. The ending is worth the journey, too!"
76561198098289166,Recommended,208750,20076334,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,Dorotheian,"Super fun. Takes a while to figure out the controls and how to pick up power-ups, but once that's sorted it's a great game."
,Recommended,208750,20095606,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,Dorinator,"Superb gameplay, superb level design and story.One of the best games played over the last years."
,Recommended,208750,20096026,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,Palkia313,"Amazing story. Epic graphics. For fans of greek and roman mythology, this is for you. 10/10"
76561197995210099,Recommended,208750,20095981,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,BaldBull,"Apotheon took me about 14 hours to complete. The controls were great, the story was interesting and the weapon variety made the combat fun. The art style looked cool throughout the game. The only issue I had was that once you threw all of one type of weapon (ex spears) it just swaps to the next and you can keep throwing. There were serveral times I threw every sword, axe, etc before I realized I was out of spears. Veni, vidi, vici!  I think thats Latin for I came, I saw, I kicked it's♥♥♥♥♥(?)Update - It looks like they have released a free online multiplayer version that you could download and play to see if this is a game you might like. I haven't tried the multiplayer, but the not free story mode was great!"
76561197994699886,Recommended,208750,29290110,Posted: 15 January,all,lustfulSHARK,"8/10Perfect evoltuion of a free flash game into a paid for product. On the fly weapon switching, brutal combat ,screams and gore and  great bites of greek mythos here and there :) Wish the game had more levels, and no cerberus in hades :(If u love achilles the flash game youll love this, i do. Fun from start to finish. Would it be better with combos?"
76561197998531598,Recommended,208750,19683551,"Posted: 13 December, 2015",all,Yukifox [FUG],"A sort of metroidvania style adventure taking place in Ancient Greece in a black-figure style reminiscent of Archaic period Greek pottery art; Apotheon is an extremely interesting and well thought out experience.The game has its flaws, certainly.  The combat system, while servicable is rather frantic, often you're flailing around trying to hit things rather than being able to decisively attack.  There are a large number of weapons... often too many, as there are no less than thirty different weapons at your disposal, most of which can be thrown as well as used at melee range, not to mention a wide variety of arrows.  This makes picking the right weapon for the job difficult at times, and as weapons tend to break (though you hardly ever find yourself NOT having one, as they're EVERYWHERE) you generally find yourself using whatever you have on hand.  Fortunately, this aspect DOES add to the feel of the game, as you're often pulling weapons off racks and hurling them at your attackers.  Quite often I've found satisfaction in hurling a short sword and embedding it in an enemy footman's forehead.The power-ups are useful but none of them (until the final one, at least) are spectacular so the power up curve is very slight and almost imperceptible.  The enemies get harder and you get tougher, but the game never really seems to get any more or less difficult.  Depending on what you like, this can be a good or a bad thing, but I found it to be fortunate as the game never became a slog.There are a lot of puzzles and interesting little gimmicks in the game that aren't really overused.  Many of the boss fights are unique and interesting and each god's area is flavored by their domain and personality appropriately.  If you are a fan of Greek mythology (or even have a passing knowledge) you should enjoy the references and there's also a ton of little blurbs from various ancient Greecian literature to flavor the events of the game.As the game progressed, I found it to grow progressively more unstable, crashing several times near the end.  However, this was never more than a momentary irritation as checkpoints are numerous and the game has an autosave/continue system as well as a manual save should you need them.All in all, a solid and entertaining piece of work.  I'm not sure if I'll try to beat it on anything other than the default difficulty, but I did find all the lockboxes and I completed MOST of the sidequests so there's a lot of fun to be had.  It's definitely worth its time and Zeus and the other gods are compelling enough to keep you going until the end just to stick it to them."
,Recommended,208750,16398424,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,javaj,"Epic platformer with unique aesthetic and  great gameplay.It is a must buy for everyone especialy on 75%! discount there is no excuse not to have it.It's fun to play, many things to discover and surprisingly not linear. + you learn a little something about mythology.10/10"
,Recommended,208750,19406063,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,7aZeM,"Overall, this is a really awesome game. The storyline is very immersive, and the combat is more complicated than you would expect for a 2D platformer. I also really like the art style, which makes the entire game look like a moving painting on an ancient Greek urn."
,Recommended,208750,22911433,"Posted: 11 May, 2016",all,cunningmunki,"Enjoyable, challenging and educational. In fact, I think I learned more about Greek mythology from this game than all the books I read on the subject as a kid. It took me a while to get used to the weapon switching mechanics, which are a little clumsy and could probably have been done better, but I had hours of fun playing this and didn't want it to end (and a fantastic ending it is too). Well worth it."
,Recommended,208750,22159882,"Posted: 31 March, 2016",all,Donks,"The game's art style, first of all, is fantastic. I won't go into detail about that here because it's been talked about a lot already. The other things I liked were the open world elements of the game- you can go back and revisit nearly every area if you want. It's possible to beat the game in a pretty short amount of time if you don't do any of the non-essential side quests and activities, but all of these are fun and often give you extra powers. The combat has been compained about quite a bit, and this brings me to my next point: if you have really bad framerates, it's not very fun. Because of the nature of combat- very timed, not button mashing, directonal, etc- it's a challenge. I was getting ~20fps from my laptop, and that was no fun. However, once I started playing on my desktop PC, it was far more enjoyable. The combat is love-it-or-hate-it, I suppose, but I found it engaging and rather difficult. Most of the boss battles are great, as well. Storyline? It's kind of a standard ancient tale, I guess. Not much, to be honest, and your charcter never speaks. The deities are accurate in their personalities.Overall, I highly recommend Apotheon for its amazing visual quality, refined combat, limited RPG elements, and atmosphere."
76561198100267305,Recommended,208750,20535481,"Posted: 14 January, 2016",all,Vafoulas,i really like the graphics in this game and the awsome story line i highly recommend it
76561198129236672,Recommended,208750,20452821,"Posted: 10 January, 2016",all,Marcinos1985,"Grand Olimp DemolitionThis game definetely doesn't receive credit it deserves. At first battle controls may seem quite intimidating, but after a little bit of practice it is fun and not really hard. Quick summary - pros:Exceptional art!Well designed, diversified levels and locationsPlenty of weapons ergo fighting stylesGreek mythologyExploration and well-thought achievementsCons:Battles aren't really challenging, they rather test your patienceThis game cries for some kind of more complex hero development systemNot much replayability valueOverall, I would rate it highly, something like 8/10. Especially those who like greek mythology should be satisfied."
76561198034628992,Recommended,208750,20471864,"Posted: 11 January, 2016",all,Festoniaful,A very fun game with a beautiful design and good music!Definitly a should play game.
76561198039428998,Recommended,208750,16936658,"Posted: 7 July, 2015",all,pewpew_lepwn,Really like the game so far! I just got done with the first level and I find it to be visually pleasing as well as having a smooth movement/combat system for a platform game. Good if you want to do some casual gaming.
,Recommended,208750,19728540,"Posted: 16 December, 2015",all,Nooberer,A fun 2D action platformer with great art style and lore. 10/10.
76561197973037073,Recommended,208750,15103321,"Posted: 28 March, 2015",all,ARXON,This game is like happy wheels and castlevania mixed together. The combat feels sharp and it has some devistating physics effects and the maps are huge and open. They just need coop and this game would be perfect.
,Recommended,208750,31228923,Posted: 18 April,all,Webber,Postives:  Story is nice and truly does feel like a greek epic  and bosses are alot of fun. All visuals are styled to be greek art you would see on a vase and it does that wellNegtives: game is short. there only about 3 difftent melee  attacks and thats not if your useing a axe or club then there will be two. shops were useless as the only reason  i would ever go to one was just to upgrade armor and weapon skills and even then the only thing i  maxed out on was armor.
,Recommended,208750,16193699,"Posted: 4 June, 2015",all,№₷℮₭ 👃,"Excellent stuff! I have played this game on PS4 (seehttp://psnprofiles.com/trophies/3321-Apotheon/kanosekfor proof), and I just bought the Steam version to write this review, and appreciate the developers. The game is very well done and deserves it as much as their bold decision to create it. (kudos guys!)Cause it's an elitist game, you know. If you don't give a♥♥♥♥♥♥about your culture, its history, and the roots of its myths and tropes, you will find the game bizarre or pretensious at best. But if, on the other hand, you are a curious and knowing player looking forward to find all these in the games you play, treat the above warning as a very warm invitation. This is a modern video game built upon and very directly referring to the form of ancient Greek myth and art.Below goes my overlong review of PS4 version of this game... sorry for Polish.--------Apotheon (gr. ἀπο przez/od+ θεος bóg, ἀποθεοῦν przebóstwić - ubóstwiony, ""który wstąpił na boskie wyżyny"").Iście obłędny pomysł i realizacja. Na poziomie mechanicznym jest darksoulsowa walka z charakterystycznymi dla każdej broni timingami windupu i strefą zadawania damage'u, opierająca się w dużej mierze o tarcze i przewrotki oraz zastosowanie mikstur; pewną rolę odgrywa światło, którego źródłem jest pochodnia, albo emanacja niektórych przedmiotów. Genialny arsenał broni z takimi pozycjami jak doru, xiphos, sagaris :), oszczepy, proce, dyski, maczugi, trójzęby - w bród i bardzo zróżnicowane, i wszystko z epoki (nie licząc może niektórych zbyt skomplikowanych mechanicznie pułapek). Nie samą walką gra stoi, trochę jest to taki RPG z eksplorowaniem świata i znajdowaniem sekretów; przy czym łupiestwo i rzezie niewinnych ofiar bardzo celnie trafiają w homerycki klimat.W warstwie prezentacji uderza przede wszystkim grafika nie do pomylenia z niczym innym, nawiązująca do malarstwa wazowego, przede wszystkim stylów czarno- i czerwonofigurowego. Uzupełnieniem są charakterystyczne kanciate animacje 2d utrzymujące w pełni ten styl, a więc twarze postaci z profilu, ciało zwykle w rzucie ""półbocznym"". Spodziewam się, że to te animacje w połączeniu z charakterystyczną walką są dla wielu głównym kamieniem obrazy, no bo jak to: ktoś śmiał podporządkować płynność mojego gameplayu stylowi gry. Ale tu właśnie tak jest, i mam do twórców ogromny szacun za konsekwencję. No i fabuła bazująca bezpośrednio na greckiej mitologii, przewrotnie i sprytnie; sięgnąłem znów po ""Mity greckie"" Gravesa i zacząłem zgłębiać. Wydawało by się że to otrzaskany temat i wszystko jest tu wiadomo; otóż nie, okazuje się że ledwo dzwoni w czaszce.Elementy mitologii są głównym źródłem dla level designu. Tak więc zgoła inny gameplay spotkamy w Hadesie, niż ścigając zwierzynę w lasach Artemis. Takoż i z puzlami: od zręcznościowego kontestu pijackiego z Dionizosem, po test pamięci przy przekraczaniu Lety. Jestem do tego stopnia zauroczony fabułą, że zarówno w całej strukturze gry widzę duże nawiązanie do mitu Heraklesa (tułaczka spędzona na wypełnianiu fantastycznych prac; niestety nie klei się że działam z polecenia Hery, odwrotnie niż Herakles, ale może czeka mnie jeszcze jakiś twist :)) jak i wybaczam wątkom fabularnym ogólną rozlazłość i wprowadzenie zbyt wielu postaci - jest to dokładnie tak samo rozpieprzone i niespójne, jak ta i każda inna mitologia :)Mam ubaw po pachy. Na grę się cały czas chce patrzeć. Gameplay bawi i wciąga, a gra ""bawiąc - uczy"". Tytuł jest wy♥♥♥♥owany akurat na tyle, żeby mnie nie zanudzić ani nie odrzucić pretensjonalnością. Patrząc po osiągach wydaje się jednak, że generalnie publika ma z odbiorem tej gry ogromny problem. Krytycy dali zielone noty, a w grę nikt nie gra. Smuci mię to niepomiernie. Myślę o tym, w ile o wiele mniej wypoliszowanych i znacznie bardziej krapiastych gier opartych o fikcyjne światy o miernej lub żadnej wartości poznawczej ludzie tłuką bez opamiętania ""zabijając czas""."
,Recommended,208750,21554955,"Posted: 29 February, 2016",all,supreme,"Aphrodite is nude, but since sean is ♥♥♥♥ing gay, he wouldn't be turned on by this.I want to stab sean with a hoplite spear"
,Recommended,208750,20100557,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,Smashmouth,"Solid game. Very well made and tons to do. the story was engaging and the gameplay was simple but kept fresh with each mission while maintaining a recognizable pattern. There was exploring, racing, and puzzles to boot. Tons of items, equipment, and recipes. Finding new stuff in hidden areas felt rewarding but didnt make you overpowered, not an empty collectathon like many games. Worth full price, and an absolute steal when it goes on sale.Cons? hmm combat could be a little more fleshed out, they tried to give you a lot of different options and approaches (weapon types, ranged combat, sheild variations, potions that buff you in different ways) but honestly wacking things works for most enemeis. There is some enemy variation, but most you just wack them when they arent sheilding and they die. Not a huge complaint as the combat is still very fun, but if you play it for too long it could get a little repetitive"
,Recommended,208750,14343890,"Posted: 5 February, 2015",all,Hello there,"Although I have only played this game for 0.6 hours ( which is soon to change ), I reconmmend this game even though I have not experienced the key aspects and core gameplay yet. Looking at the interface and graphics they both are aesthetically pleasing also might I add dynamic. The story seems very historically accurate due to all of the Greek Gods that appear in Apotheon. This game has all pros and only one con ( for me )which is that this game requires a enhanced skill tree based system ( do not quote on this as I have only played it for a small amount of time ).Overall I give this game a 8.5/10 as the skill tree is fundamentally required for a RPG type game.OrA 9/10 if I am wrong about the skill tree."
76561198053943565,Recommended,208750,15253603,"Posted: 7 April, 2015",all,GeForce,"Best Greek Mythology game ever made.Visuals, art style, characters, level design, weapon variety, soundtrack... they are all great.Completion time is okay-ish for the price. I'm definitely up for more levels!Consumables and crafting system is just generic and feels boring. Apotheon needs some creativity there.And the combat system... Yes, I agree it's not optimal in all situations. But it shouldn't be a deal-breaker. Once you get used to it, it's completely acceptable."
76561198107679716,Recommended,208750,14407925,"Posted: 9 February, 2015",all,Javi,"Best $12.74 i have ever spent in my life. This game is just amazingPros-Amazing art-Somewhat diverse level structure-great amount of weapon variety-good fighting mechanics-lots of references to the Iliad and similar works-great atmosphereCons-Somewhat Clunky controls but they are playable-Might get addicted to the game3z reviews""10/10 Its like greek 2d skyrim""-dafetus  ""945/21 can kill men with boulders""-bluefetus  ""I can finally put my years of studing greek mythology to use 30/30 would read da Iliad agian"""
76561198078284589,Recommended,208750,14923176,"Posted: 16 March, 2015",all,☭Comrade C.A.E.L☭,"Loved this game, truly amazing combination of mythology and gaming!"
76561198064611895,Recommended,208750,17987019,"Posted: 11 September, 2015",all,Éireecos,"I don't really these 'reviews' that much, but I really felt like doing an exception for this masterpiece.To start with I have to mention the graphics of this game. Even though it's only a 2D platform game the graphics themselves are absolutely perfect. Done in a style of ancient greek paintings and mozaiques it unbelieveably matches the whole atmosphere of the game and is a pleasure to watch. Also each and every place you visit has a different atmosphere, from welcoming Agora of the Olympus, to hostile swamps under Artemis' realm, it really spices the game up and makes you feel you are still about to discover more and more unique locations, it never makes you bored.Another jewel of this game is the outstanding soundtrack composed by greek composer Marios Aristopoulos <3 . For each part of the Olympus (at which you operate in this game), or other destinations there is a different theme music which fits the nature of the place perfectly. When playing in the Hades' realm of the Underworld I was actually pretty scared solely because of the song playing in there.The story itself is very interesting as well and I really liked the differences between each of the numerous bosses appearing throughout the game as well as the unique ways of defeating them, every single one of them had a different approach and developers of this game really took everything they could and used every opportunity the 2D platform RPG game offered.For me as a lover of greek mythology this game earned it's place in my heart and I would really like to thank the developers for creating this game (not game a masterpiece within games!) and it pleases me that even in these times, some people are still passionate enough to make a game about the awesome greek mythology!I highly recommend Apotheon to everyone, this piece of art will just suck you in and won't let you out until you finish it and maybe not even then.That's it, thanks to the ones reading it this far and I hope that one day the 'gods in making games' at Alientrap will bring us something even more awesome than this, even though trumphing Apotheon will be an extremely hard task. :))"
,Recommended,208750,16829460,"Posted: 1 July, 2015",all,Power & Control,"The voice acting is amazing in this game. I really, truly enjoyed it. I could really feel the emotion of the characters coming through which is surprising for a 2D game. The combat / boss fights were unique enough to be challenging but not so difficult to cause frustration and repeat deaths. 9/10 Would recommend."
,Recommended,208750,16474629,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,Sir.,AMAZINGthis is a game i advise you to get10/10
,Recommended,208750,16766610,"Posted: 28 June, 2015",all,Darkin20,Only played a little bit so far but I am really liking this game. The premis and execution are spot on. I am really loving the plot so far too.Who needs gods when you have taken all their power from them?
,Recommended,208750,17256653,"Posted: 27 July, 2015",all,A$AP Newell,few games manage to balance such an epic storyline with incredibly fun gameplay. Mix this with an original art style with great historical information and you have a real winner. A must play for fans of mythology or adventure games.
,Recommended,208750,19683293,"Posted: 13 December, 2015",all,The Iron Pig,"So where to begin with this game.Well---------------------------------------------------------------------------------Pros:+Great story, especially to those greek mythos lovers out there, such as myself. Makes you fan out to fight the Gods of Olympus.+Fun and creative gameplay.+Survivial (in a way), you pick up items on you're way, can buy items in stores, can trade items, but from as far as I can see, there is no selling weps or supplies.+Fun as hell bosses, and each boss sticks to a theme.+Some of the missions are hard as hell, but have great pay offs at the end.----------------------------------------------------------------------------------Mixed:~Music is pretty basic.~There is in fact voice acting for the text. But it varies, if anything, I hate how movie, tv shows, and video games do this stupidthing where they make everyone have a british accent. If I am playing a game about acient greek history, I would like thecorrect accent. It also switches off for some characters, going from british, to scotish, to an american accent.---------------------------------------------------------------------------------Cons:-I am sure I am not the only one who has said this.BUT GOOD LORD THIS GAME'S STORY IS ALMOST EXACTLY LIKE ""GOD OF WAR"".You are a mortal who has been left for dead by Zeus, you aint gonna take that♥♥♥♥♥♥and go and hunt him down. Of course Zeus'sfollowers arent to happy so you have to kill them too.Good lord its like they took ""God of war's"" story and shoved it into one.Not to say ""God of war"" has a bad story, but there could be some more creativity into the story in ""Apotheon"".- Some of the game gets crazy, and pure unfair.-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------So in conclusionIs this game bad? Hell no, it has its flaws but in the end the game is a great buy.My Rating: 7.5/10"
,Recommended,208750,23982343,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,The Destroyer,The art style very atmospherical like ancient greek figures!Combat system is awesome and hardcore little bit.It's a good game!
,Recommended,208750,19578086,"Posted: 8 December, 2015",all,Drakevarg,"Funnily enough, a few weeks before learning about Apotheon for the first time, I had a similar idea for a Metroidvania-style game stylized to look like ancient artwork, only Egyptian-style instead of Greek. Not terribly relevant, just noting what got me enthused to play Apotheon in the first place.The basic premise of Apotheon is that Zeus has grown tired of mankind's continuous degeneration, and has decided to call do-over and wipe the Earth clean of mortalkind, and decrees that the gods of Olympus will withdraw their favor. Crops won' grow, sun won't shine, the forests are empty of game, etc. After fending off some desperate raiders in the opening tutorial, Hera bids you to travel to Olympus and take back what the gods have deprived your people of by force. One thing leads to another and you find yourself going head to head with Zeus himself in the climactic battle.Apotheon's being drawing point is definitely its artstyle. The entire game is made to look like Greek pottery art come to life, and it gives the game an identity all is own that serves the tone of the game perfectly. Gameplay wise there isn't much to talk about, pretty typical Metroidvania fare, and in the end I only have three major complaints:1. Weapon degradation has never improved a game. I imagine it was mostly added to force players to try out the different weapons in the game (there's a lot of them), but all it did was make me focus on using the worst weapons in my arsenal just so they'd break and get off the list. Breakable shields is more understandable, but generally speaking iron is slightly more sturdy than carboard and tinfoil.2. The game tends to take more than it gives, which made me resort to farming on more than a few occasions. Farming is for survival games and MMOs. Otherwise it just indicates poor resource distribution.3. The Caduceus of Hermes, while a fun exploration tool, also reveals a number of clumsy level borders, as the developers never intended those areas to be accessed. Many of these are one-way trips and can lead to falling out of the map entirely. I get the feeling the Caduceus was added to the game partway through development and the rest of the game wasn't built with it in mind.All in all these are only mild niggles in what is otherwise a beautiful and engaging Metroidvania title. Definitely give it a go."
,Recommended,208750,25940744,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,will824,"Apotheon is a simple but wonderful looking game. Story is not complex but nevertheless the game turns quite interesting.I found myself becoming really enjoying the quests and looking forward to the interactions with the gods through the game.Difficulty is quite ok, neither too difficult or too easy. I recommend to play on the higher difficulty (champion).Game and battle mechanics are far from perfect but when you get hold of it and hit/defense timings it becomes quite entertaining.This is one of those games where you can see the developers put effort and good energy producing it. Recommended!.In a 0 to 10 scale I would give it 7.5/10."
76561198037202805,Recommended,208750,27614009,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Ragnar Lothbrok,"apotheon is a tale of vengence against the gods of ancient greecegraphics: 9/10 i gotta admit i love the graphics of this game they look like those greek pots and art, its very coolstory: 7/10 its pretty awesome and its got some length to it too witch is always epiclength: 9/10 it has a pretty good length to it at about 11 hours if you explore everything witch is a pleasure to docombat: 8/10 i love the combat in this game its methadotacal and brutal using all the weapons you would expect from this era in history including ranged weaponsover all: if you love history and mytholegy there is alot to love here with some hidden secrets to find too 9/10 would definatly recomendif you want to check out some gameplay check out my walkthough of the game :)https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLPbJ_gxPl0Rhwsokl_7Yk-kKNuvmzYNTH"
,Not Recommended,208750,21214269,"Posted: 14 February, 2016",all,JustusTheTurtle,"I very badly wanted to like this game, really. But I found with less of an hour of play time, that the controls were too much for me to bear. I found it frustratingly hard to control, it made it significantly less enjoyable. I wish there was a way to adjust my sensitivity, but I couldn't find that in the options. It would have made it much easier to play. Overall a shame as I've seen others play it, and it always looked rather enjoyable and unique. Despite all of that, the artwork is absolutely, downright, WONDERFUL. The soundtrack is equally amazing, and it's a shame that I couldn't find myself focusing on this game's obvious strong points, the wonky controls made it quite unenjoyable.Pros-Amazing artGreat ConceptPhenomenal soundtrackCons-Terribly, terribly wonky controls that, I felt, took away from this game's major strong points immensely.Overall-If you can get past the game's controls, definitely buy it. It's worth it. If not, maybe pick it up on sale. 5$ isn't much too shell out, and it's a superbly pretty game to look at."
,Recommended,208750,16039457,"Posted: 28 May, 2015",all,Ginja,"This recommendation comes with some caution. Apotheon is a beautiful game and its soundtrack and environments are magical and immersive. The game is SUPER aesthetically pleasing, from its use of Attic Black-Figure pottery style, to the faux-ceramic texture of the screen (scratches and ribbing, which is the result of throwing pottery on a wheel, included!), to the beautiful use of color, light, and shadows. However, the game mechanics suck. A lot. It can get frustrating and downright annoying.If you're looking for a new, relatively cheap but visually stunning game, I would recommend Apotheon. Also, if you have a background in Classical history or archaeology (like me), this game becomes even more delightful, as there are excerpts from Hesiod and Homer, and all of the gods were clearly designed with their ancient depictions in mind. Just keep in mind the terrible mechanics."
,Recommended,208750,17161885,"Posted: 21 July, 2015",all,Pepe-seidon,"I like the conceptI like the storyI like the art styleBut Suck soo badly in this game, partly because of the controls8/10"
76561198161628677,Recommended,208750,22617338,"Posted: 24 April, 2016",all,lastride,"Apotheon is an action platformer with rpg elements that you will find much more complex and demanding that it may first appear. However, as you pass the first stage of the game, which is learning the mechanics and geting used to the controls, the game becomes surprisingly interesting and rewarding.The story takes place in ancient Greece where the mortal world is abandoned by the gods of Olympus. The gods no longer have a use for humans and since they are also merciless and cruel, they are punishing them. You are a warrior named Nikandreos who seeks to prevend the destruction of your home and people. You meet various gods that help you or try to hurt you and other lessergods or heroes of the rich greek mythology. If you have studied greek mythology then many of the substories will be familiar to you.The presentation is a strong point of this game. A unique art style which is based on the ancient greek mythology and the result is very pleasant to the eye. The music and sound of the game is very good as well. No memorable tracks in general but it all comes together nicely, visuals and sound, it doesn't tire you at all.Gameplay wise Apotheon is an action scroller but it has some rpg elements like weapon and armor management, skill enhancement, a market etc.. but the fighting and the rpg stuff is very well balanced. Playing the game on higher difficulty is in my opinion demanded in order to appreciate the rpg side of the game, otherwise it feels just like an brainless action slasher.As for the negatives, the difference between normal level of difficulty and the higher ones can be frustrating and the controls can be very punishing. The battle sometimes gets glitchy and some key parts of the game can be abused and get passed taking advantage of the controls. Also in some parts of the game I spend a lot of time backtracking which is very annoying in these types of games since you are expecting to play a straightforward action game.All in all, despite being frustrating at some parts, Apotheon was a pleasant surprise. A cool theme- greek mythology, a slick presentation, nice sound, a balanced set of gameplay mechanics, moderate puzzle solving and a nice level design. I got to say that 2-3 levels as you get to the end of the game have very cool ideas and are really unique. The Athena one, the Poseidon, and a couple of others were great. Definitely looking forward to Apotheon 2."
76561198257887495,Recommended,208750,32957655,Posted: 28 June,all,Winter,Its a good game worth the money.
76561198004567417,Recommended,208750,14554909,"Posted: 19 February, 2015",all,mordakkar,Interesting Story.Interesting Boss Fights.Fun weapons.
,Recommended,208750,15779962,"Posted: 10 May, 2015",all,UpInFlames,"Zeus really is kind of a windbag. Now we can add yet another incident to his already long list of misdeeds. By his decree, the gods have turned their back on humanity essentially condemning it to oblivion. Someone ought to pull that lightning bolt out of his butt one of these days. But humanity has a wildcard in the form on Nikandreos who, with a little assistance from Hera, ascends to Mount Olympus to confront the gods and Zeus himself face to face. Not all gods agree with their King and will be more than happy to help you out, but you’ll also face some of them in direct combat.Apotheon is a 2D side-scrolling action adventure game with open-ended design. The first thing that you will undoubtedly notice is the fantastic art style, it basically looks like a playable ancient Greek vase. It’s a game that is always a pleasure to look at. Most of the game has a wonderful orange tone, but some areas use a different color palette. For example, the forest of Artemis takes on a greenish hue whereas Poseidon’s realm is sensibly blue. The visual style is very well complimented by an appropriate soundtrack. The sense of atmosphere is heightened further with excerpts from classic Greek literature most notably Homer’s Illiad.Nikandreos can wield an extremely wide assortment of weapons and use a ton of varying gear. Aside from classic melee weapons of the era such as swords, spears, clubs and maces, you can also use ranged weapons such as arrows (of which there are multiple types), discs and small oil containers that serve as bombs. You can also use shields and set up traps. There are even some mystical weapons that summon skeletons or wild animals to fight at your side. It all contributes to a varied and emergent combat system. However, the mechanics and the controls aren’t as tight as you want them to be in a game like this. You want pinpoint precision in combat and platforming and Apotheon is definitely lacking in that area. It all feels a bit loose, a bit clunky even.The level design is really good, there are plenty of areas and they are all quite large and filled with different kinds of loot and secrets. There are also various segments that are a bit on the short side, but they definitely add to the variety. For example, there’s a combat sequence which enables you to fight on horseback, there are multiple swimming and diving areas (one even offered the ability to ride a seahorse). Also, encountering each boss either in combat, puzzle or mini-game is not only different, but is built around that particular god. For example, Artemis and Nikandreos exchange turns where one is the hunter and the other a deer until one hunts down the other whereas Dionysus requires Nikandreos to get drunk at his party.Even though the gameplay mechanics and controls could use a lot of fine-tuning, Apotheon is a genuinely great game with a lot of variety. It looks amazing, the game world is a joy to explore and it remains thoroughly interesting throughout.8 OUT OF 10 (GREAT)"
,Recommended,208750,18554231,"Posted: 18 October, 2015",all,[FU] Ice Bear,"9/10Basically, you kill stuff to get their loot, then you upgrade and kill more stuff, but this time, with better weapons! :DThe physics of the game is pretty good, and I haven't encountered any bugs, so that's sorted. The whole game is steeped in Greek myth, as you would know if you watched the trailer, and I can see the amount of effort the devs put into this game. Art work is beautiful and I was never once bored with this game.As for replayability, I'd say it's okay. I would play it again in a bit because it's just that good, albeit in a harder mode. Multiplayer has been set up too so you can now spear your friends to death.My only regret is getting this game on sale. Yes, it's that worth it.(It's not a 10/10 yet because they need a Multiplayer campaign.)"
,Recommended,208750,16612097,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,Ckkkkk,"first off, ragdoll physics 1000/10Pros-The campaign is long-Full of ancient greek mythology that makes the story somewhat interesting-Artwork is amazing, captures the game well-Music fits the time period and theme-Many side quests/objectives that can keep you busy even longer if you want-Fighting is pretty simple, but fun-Mechanics of weapons force you to diversify your fighting methods-Maps are big-Each god is somewhat different from each other, and has its own weakness and strength-Large array of weapons-Epic-Price is worth the gameCons-The fighting can get kind button mashy, especially when you have multiple enemies on you at once-Fighting can get repetitive-I feel like i advanced too fast for the gameplay, only 3 hours in I pretty much had the best armor in the game, and just tanked through the rest of the game-the rewards from defeating bosses felt too weak, and pretty much useless in the overall scheme of thingsConclusion-The pros of the game outweigh the cons by a landslide, and i definitely recommend you buying it"
76561198042448575,Recommended,208750,16787650,"Posted: 29 June, 2015",all,Angery Lao,"If you want a short review:Graphics: Georgeous, very successfuly represent the stories etched on ancient Greek vases, as far as the artistic side is concernedSoundtrack: Gets you in the mood right of the bat. Extremely well composed and suited to the atmosphere of the game. Just like in Hotline Miami, the music makes of a very important factor in this game.Story: The story itself isn't really jawdropping, but features very well designed gods, both in terms of their appearance and character.Combat: The controls might be a bit unintuitive at the beginning, but you will get used to them quite quickly. Although relatively simple, the combat really has a high skill cap, especially on higher difficulty levels.Difficulty: Very difficult, especially on Champion and Olympian levels. The difference between Warrior and Champion is pretty huge, but unfortunately enough for the fans of extreme challenge, the only difference between Champion and Olympian is the lack of health regeneration. Still, the bosses can be really painful and will often require preemptive strategy and tactics to beat them.Overall: 9/10.Although I wouldn't place this game in the pantheon (hue) of the greatest indie games of all time (ex. FTL, Binding of Isaac, Risk of Rain, Shovel Knight), it is still a must buy for any person who likes platforming, the interesting graphics and difficult combat.PS.Use hatchets for maximum manliness."
76561198081180943,Recommended,208750,16607857,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,marclayZ,"Apotheon is one of the most beautiful games I've ever seen, great atmosphere, great artwork and great soundtrack, I recommend playing it on hard difficulty because in hard mode when u get hit your attack animation gets cancelled and that way the playable experience of the game is a lot better since the controlls feel kind of weird, I really enjoyed playing it, really worth it to me!8/10"
,Recommended,208750,16765415,"Posted: 28 June, 2015",all,skrub,"This game is really good but I dont wanna do a review. So heres how to make Enchiladas:1 Preheat oven to 350 degrees F.2 In a large frying pan at medium-high heat add a tablespoon of oil. When the oil is shimmering and hot (not quite smoking), add a corn tortilla to the pan. Cook it for 2-3 seconds, use a metal spatula to turn it over, and cook it for 2 to 3 seconds more. Lift up the tortilla with a spatula, add another tortilla underneath. Cook the second tortilla for 2-3 seconds, lift both tortillas, and add another tortilla underneath. Repeat the process with all the tortillas, adding more oil as needed. This way you can brown and soften the tortillas without using a lot of fat. It's important to pre-cook the tortillas because not only does cooking them help soften them for rolling, cooking them in a little fat helps develop the flavor of the tortillas. As the tortillas brown a little, remove them to a plate.3 Heat olive oil in a large sauté pan on medium heat. Add the chopped onion and cook for 5-6 minutes, until translucent. Add the garlic and cook for a minute more. Add the crushed tomatoes. Add the green chiles. Add 1/2 cup of water. Add the oregano. Bring to a simmer and taste. If the sauce tastes too vinegary, add half a teaspoon of sugar to the sauce. Remove from heat.3 Put a little olive oil on the bottom of a 3-quart casserole pan. Take a tortilla, cover 2/3 of it lightly with the shredded cheese, then roll up the tortilla and place it in the casserole pan. Continue until all tortillas are filled and rolled.4 Add sauce to the top of the tortillas in the the casserole pan. Make sure the rolled up tortillas are covered with the sauce. If not, add a little water to thin the sauce to spread it more evenly over the tortillas. Cover the whole thing with the rest of the grated cheese. Put the casserole in the oven for 10-15 minutes or until the cheese melts.Serve with sliced iceberg lettuce that has been dressed only with vinegar and salt. Garnish enchiladas with cilantro and sour cream.Here is the full wiki for Enchiladas:Enchiladas originated in Mexico, where the practice of rolling tortillas around other food dates back at least to Maya times. The people living in the lake region of the Valley of Mexico traditionally ate corn tortillas folded or rolled around small fish. Writing at the time of the Spanish conquistadors, Bernal Díaz del Castillo documented a feast enjoyed by Europeans hosted by Hernán Cortés in Coyoacán, which included foods served in corn tortillas. (Note that the native Nahuatl name for the flat corn bread used was tlaxcalli; the Spanish give it the name tortilla.) The Nahuatl word for enchilada is chīllapītzalli  which is formed of the Nahuatl word for ""chili"", and the Nahuatl word for ""flute"". In the 19th century, as Mexican cuisine was being memorialized, enchiladas were mentioned in the first Mexican cookbook, El cocinero mexicano (""The Mexican Chef""), published in 1831, and in Mariano Galvan Rivera's Diccionario de Cocina, published in 1845. An early mention, in English, is a 1914 recipe found in California Mexican-Spanish Cookbook, by Bertha Haffner Ginger.Varieties - In their original form as Mexican street food, enchiladas were simply corn tortillas dipped in chili sauce and eaten without fillings. There are now many varieties, which are distinguished primarily by their sauces, fillings and, in one instance, by their form. Various adjectives may be used to describe the recipe content or origin, e.g. enchilada tapatia would be a recipe from Jalisco.Varieties include:Enchiladas con chile rojo (with red chile) is a traditional red enchilada sauce, composed of dried red chili peppers soaked and ground into a sauce with other seasonings, Chile Colorado sauce adds a tomato base.Enchiladas con mole, instead of chili sauce, are served with mole, and are also known as enmoladas.Enchiladas placera are Michoacán plaza-style, made with vegetables and poultry.Enchiladas poblanas are soft corn tortillas filled with chicken and poblano peppers, topped with oaxaca cheese.Enchiladas potosinas originate from San Luis Potosi, Mexico and are made with cheese-filled, chili-spiced masa.Enchiladas San Miguel are San Miguel de Allende-style enchiladas flavored with guajillo chilies by searing the flavor into the tortillas in a frying pan.A plate of enchiladas suizas.Enchiladas suizas (Swiss-style) are topped with a white, milk or cream-based sauce, such as béchamel. This appellation is derived from Swiss immigrants to Mexico who established dairies to produce cream and cheese.Enfrijoladas are topped with refried beans rather than chili sauce; their name come from frijol, meaning ""bean"".Entomatadas are made with tomato sauce instead of chile sauce.Enchiladas montadas, stacked enchiladas, are a New Mexico variation in which corn tortillas are fried flat until softened but not tough, then stacked with red or green sauce, chopped onion and shredded cheese between the layers and on top of the stack. Ground beef or chicken can be added to the filling, but meat is not traditional. The stack is often topped (montada) with a fried egg. Shredded lettuce and sliced black olives may be added as a garnish.ur welcum now bye"
,Recommended,208750,33598094,Posted: 16 July,all,glorious-blue,"The art, atmosphere, mechanics, and sounds of the game all come together to make Apotheon as beautiful as it is. The story is simple, yet engaging, and the game itself is a very fun platformer.The story is a bit short in my opinion (I beat the game twice and 100%ed it in 15 hours), but the game is very replayable.Overall, this is one of my favorite games, and it is definitely worth the money."
76561198045225486,Recommended,208750,26591763,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,davidwhalley,I loved this game - so beautiful and so much fun! Didn't know a platform-style game could be this fun to play
76561198048057670,Recommended,208750,26490447,"Posted: 8 November, 2016",all,Altair114,"Amazing game. I know a bit about greek mythology and i can say that this game was the most accurate mythological game i have ever played apart from the story ofcourse. The lore,the creatures depiction, the texts you find in the world and the weapons-armors where suprisigly realistic(exept the magic items ofcourse).The art design is one of the best i have ever seen and its based on the dark paints on the vases of ancient greece.Art desing 10/10Story 7/10Equipment/armor/appearnces 10/10This is a really good game that i was happy to came across and you should definitely buy it especially if you find it in sales"
,Not Recommended,208750,35384856,Posted: 1 October,all,OctaneOctopod,"Let's be honest, I don't really recommend it.Aside things that have been well done, there are flaws that make my recommandation.The main issue for me are controls : the game tries to reflects pro/cons of using different weapons, but instead of making some weapons better that others, it makes some weapons worst than others. As an example, adding latency to much bigger weapons also make it much more difficult to use. If in a 1vs1 combat it's ok, but when enemies are many, attacking at the same time, you just can't wait for 1 second for your axe to raise and strike, while unshielded during that time. You just take hits that reset your attack. It becomes unplayable.Another issue during combats are the stairs : fighting in stairs is just awful. Your character climbs a stair as a priority instead of walking on the ground. When going forward or backward during a combat, to avoid a hit or to do one, it can't be a worst thing than seeing your character climbing up or down. Trying to jump off the stair to go back on ground using Jump + Down direction makes fights really irritating, while your enemy is hitting your unshielded because climbing exposes you character to enemy's hits.I would have preferred an arcade game that allowed me more progression, rather than this fighting system that tries to be skills based (but that fails, in my opinion), with such ergonomics and controls flaws. At least I could have enjoyed the narration and though ""it's ok I didn't pay this game for playing 45min"".There are other design flaws, in my opinion, like the crafting system. Why would I craft a life potion instead of picking it up as a bonus, while I can pick dozen times the ingredients to make it. It's just creating a false game mechanic, that gives no pleasure, but instead is a useless steps I would prefer to not have to do (there is nothing enjoyable in crafting it, nothing enjoyable in collecting ingredients, everything just being a non ergonomic menu navigation manipulation).I prefer stop playing that game, I know I won't return to it. Too bad."
,Recommended,208750,26324014,"Posted: 30 October, 2016",all,Raikors,"SummaryApotheon is a side-scrolling action platformer with a unique and interesting art style. It's a solid ~10 hour game that gets a bit repetitive towards the end.In detailThe art style is what got me curious about the game and eventually to try it out. The story is pretty much what you'd expect from a tale involving an ancient Greek mythology setting: Nothing special, but keeps you working towards a clear goal and has a satisfying conclusion. The progression is fairly linear, though in some sections you can choose the order you want to complete the objectives and there are some optional ones as well.The gameplay consists mainly of you fighting your way towards the current objective using a variety of different melee and ranged weapons. Combat takes a while to get used to as you're generally better off dodging or blocking first and delay attacking until there's an opportunity to do so. Some twists are thrown into the combat formula mix later, like the possibility of placing or using environmental traps or flinging large boulders at enemies. Movement and combat controls feel fluent for a controller, but I can't say how it would play out using a mouse and keyboard.Some sections contain minor puzzle elements and require something a bit different than just travelling from point A to B. I wouldn't exactly call this a ""metroidvania"" -game though despite being tagged as such. To me that term implies that there is and exploration element and backtracking involved i.e. that there are (optional) power ups that allow you to access parts of the game that you can't when you first encounter them. Now there are some secret areas and things to discover here and there, but they're not gated behind the powers you unlock while progressing through the main story.I had to give up on my completionist habit quickly as there's just an overabundance of breakable things and chests to loot and they rarely contain anything useful. That leads to the biggest issue I had with the game: The loot, crafting and the light RPG elements felt a bit tacked on. You can purchase better armor and attack training for various weapon types, but I didn't notice the effects of the upgrades in my ability to survive in combat. The crafting options are quite limited and I was mostly crafting health potions and bombs to blow up cracked walls.All the weapons and shields, even the special ones, also have a duration and they wear down when used in combat. That made the special weapons feel more like consumable resources rather than actual difference making equipment upgrades and I think that also took away some of the strategy in combats. There are some weapon specific combat mechanics, such as you can destroy enemy shields with hammer weapons, have longer range with spears etc. but I just didn't bother since everything just breaks eventually. I frequently found myself just using whatever I had in my hand at the time until it broke down and a new weapon popped up from the inventory.As final, shorter side notes: Music and sound effects did their job, but nothing apart from the (occasionally over-)dramatic voice acting stood out for me. The game also crashed on me once and unfortunately it happened when I tried to save, so the save file got corrupted. Luckily the game auto saves so I could pick up from the latest of those without losing too much progress.RecommendationI was expecting an exploration-focused, Zelda II-esque game where you wander around, talk to people in towns, accept side quests, buy stuff etc. but unfortunately it didn't turn out to be exactly like that. Although I was slightly disappointed with some aspects of the game and the gameplay not having much variety, it might be worth checking out even if just for the neat visual style."
,Recommended,208750,26328555,"Posted: 30 October, 2016",all,JojoHamy [LFG],"Someone turned God of War into a beautifully Animated Metroid-Vania, with a fantastic voice acting, an enngageing story, deep combat, and a tremndous sense of agency. 10/10"
,Recommended,208750,22834108,"Posted: 6 May, 2016",all,SAKE,"simple and good looking 2D platform, nice story, cool soundtrack, original control system that is chalenging at first, but it gets fun later. I'm in for all trophies 10/10"
76561197995200366,Not Recommended,208750,21641918,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,Duke Jaywalker,"This game gets an A+ on Presentation!  It's beautiful and stylish in a remarkable way.  That's what kept me going for a while...  but I just couldn't learn to love the combat controls.There are lots of different weapons, each with their own unique timing and effective range.  But mastering combat with moving targets and multiple enemies is ridiculous, and in spite of my best efforts, I always had to resort to button mashing.  It's not fun.Button mashing works because there are lots of health potions, and your health regenerates after fights anyway, so you can just tank damage.  I never felt like I actually succeeded because of my skill."
76561198103082240,Recommended,208750,14348901,"Posted: 5 February, 2015",all,【HAN】falcofyc,"非常好的游戏，制作了4年，仅有的一点BUG不影响通关，对于喜欢这种风格的玩家来说绝对值！A great game,  few bugs wont stop you to kill Zeus"
76561198008101873,Not Recommended,208750,33838066,Posted: 27 July,all,Armads,"I really wanted to like this game. It's got a cool look, a great setting, a nice plot, but the thing that breaks this game are the awful, awful controls and mechanics. The game wants to be dark souls, in that it wants to be a dodge-roll enemy gauntlet with ambrosia instead of estus. Not a bad idea, as other games have done similar things by taking what works and putting their own spin on it. The issue is that, to refil health, you need to switch to it, which means you no longer have your weapon out at all. Which means when fighting bosses, where precision and timing are important, you are often trapped because you can't just use healing; you need to manually switch to your healing, use it, then manually switch back, which results in you taking more damage than needed.But that is a drop in the bucket compared to the real issue, which is the fact that the game uses an auto-lockon system which will get you killed. As a 2D platformer, fighting enemies on both sides of you is normal. What isn't normal is the fact that the game will often lock onto things that you aren't fighting, or onto things that are even on the screen at all. You'll have an enemy right in front of you trying to kill you, and the game will decide an enemy a hundred yards behind you or the random box sitting on the ground is what you need to be looking at. And because you can't manually turn around when the game locks you onto something, you end up getting stabbed in the back a lot. What makes it worse is that there is no indication when you are suddenly locked onto someone or something. So you'll be running, have an enemy on either side of you, and rather than being able to turn and face one of them, you'll inexplicably be walking backwards and getting stabbed because the game decided it knew what you should look at. You also can't switch targets, which means that the game does; and if you thought 'does this mean the auto target switches randomly in combat' then you would be correct, because it does do that. So when facing multiple targets, as you often do, expect the game to frequently move between targets without any rhyme or reason, making the game more frustrating than it needs to be.And I hate that this is the case, because it's a great looking game, with great atmosphere and a decently intriguing story. But the game itself isn't fun to play; it's actively a chore to get through, and after completing the intro stage and moving on to early stages of the game, it's clear the problems get worse, not better.As an idea, it's great. As a game, it's mechanically broken, and that's awful when talking about a 2D platformer. Soft pass."
76561198241481174,Not Recommended,208750,20346443,"Posted: 6 January, 2016",all,Sollomon Kane,"I typically don't review games, but despite the cool deign, look, and mood of the game the controls make extremely diffcult. Not in the challenging way either. More in the, ""If the controls didn't suck I may be having fun"" kind of way. If you like trying to jump somehwere over and over again or randomly button masshing trying to hit your target, then this game is for you. Seriously, I was excited for this and kept on playing, but it just made me miserable everytime I tried to jump somewhere or hit something."
76561198128175177,Recommended,208750,28600043,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,mr. X,"Good game, I hope fps drops will be fixed soon"
,Recommended,208750,14328079,"Posted: 4 February, 2015",all,♡♡UnconditionalLove♡,10/10 This game is downright amazing. Amazing art style with a superb soundtrack! The gameplay is phenominal and the rpg style is to die for in a game like this! Would rebuy for $50 if i had the chance :b the developers of this game deserve much more than less than $15 a copy! If you ove rpg's and greek mythology this game is for you!
76561197978597686,Recommended,208750,22665493,"Posted: 27 April, 2016",all,Dendrobates Tinctorius,"Ancient Greece is, honestly, kinda overdone mythology-wise; perhaps thence the appeal of works such as American Gods or Never Alone. Yet Apotheon manages to build a fairly fun metroidvania deicide adventure off a stylized approach to such well-trod ground. The controls are not perhaps as good as they could be, but I am bad at videogames so this is a common complaint for me. Punching people through doors results in satisfying gouts of blood and this is probably the most ithyphallic T-rated game I've ever played."
,Recommended,208750,21993942,"Posted: 22 March, 2016",all,DaddyWalnut,10/10 recoment
76561198038513086,Recommended,208750,14408647,"Posted: 9 February, 2015",all,Vasilas,"Apotheon is one of these games that mixes defining characteristics from different genres and comes up with a great final experience for the player.First thing you will notice is the graphics. Apotheon uses the distinct ancient Greek pottery art style to portray ancient Greece and it works excellently. The world is unfolding before you as if you were looking at a genuine ancient Greek vase and with the brilliant use of lighting effects Apotheon leaves an impression like no other game.Exploration is also a big part of Apotheon. Level and world design are very thoughtful and immersive with a good variety of landscapes, from the lush forest of Artemis where you can hunt game, to the dark, spine-chilling Underwolrd where lost souls crave for your warm blood, the game delivers a fantastic world to discover.There are plenty of mini-quests and hidden areas along the way to keep you sidetracked and like any respectable RPG, you can enter houses, break vases, steal goods, collect unique weapons, craft consumables and although weapons break, you will always find some new toy to play with.Second, the game mechanics. Movement is done like any other platform game, you can jump, roll behind enemies, grab on edges and more, while combat is similar to Mount & Blade's. You aim/attack with the mouse and you can change the direction of your attacks by moving the mouse up or down. Also the speed of your character and his position affect the damage done, so gaining momentum before an attack, or hiding behind your shield play a big part in combat.The combat itself feels very precise and fluid with enough weapon variety to make it satisfying. Breaking shields with a big mace, outmaneuvering them with a long spear, rolling behind them and stabbing them in the back with a sword, pinning them down with a bow or even summoning various creatures to aid you in battle. And although every weapon in the game has it's uses, you can focus on playing with the ones you like and enjoy the most.Personaly I've never played a game that represents the iconic Hoplite better, so if you crave for some spear & hoplon action, you won't find it elsewhere.Lastly, I would also like to note the ability to customize how your character looks, something that most games seem to ignore but in my opinion is very important in every game that utilizes armors.Apotheon has become one of my favourite games of all time and I've been playing pc games since the age that Lost Vikings came out.To sum it up:-Enjoyable and dramatic story.-Unique and impressive art style.-Brilliant level/world design and compelling exploration.-Satisfying Combat, good variety of weapons.-Fair price for what the game delivers."
,Recommended,208750,23499459,"Posted: 11 June, 2016",all,☭Mr rΛndom dood☭,A awsome rpg game. All of the bosses are unique in there own way and you will never get bored! If you like ancient greece i would recomend this game!
,Recommended,208750,19859259,"Posted: 22 December, 2015",all,A Pimp Named Nickelback,Fun game. Awesome artstyle.
76561198034257390,Recommended,208750,33126506,Posted: 2 July,all,Odditeas,"Ancient Greek mythology and visuals in a 2D side scrolling action game. The fighting is really quick and responsive. Would run with dryads, and drink with satyrs, again."
,Recommended,208750,26754135,"Posted: 22 November, 2016",all,Evaheist,"I'll list out the positives and negatives:+ Spectacular presentation, both in video and audio department. This is one damn pretty game.+ It's highly literate in Greek mythology. This isn't some cheap cash-in with a skin deep mythology paint on it.+ The length is just right. I finished it at around 10 hours.+  There are tons of weapons you can choose from and master, each with a different use, speed and reach.+ The controversial battle system is actually pretty awesome once you stick with it and master it. I'd recommend using a controller and having both thumbs on the analog sticks for most of the game.- The controls are too convoluted. Changing from a sword to bow or a potion is too messy because there are so many stuff in your inventory and when you're in the middle of a big fight, there's a high chance you'll select/use something you didn't want to.- There's no point in fighting the enemies unless the game requires you to. You don't gain any XP or anything and since your weapons break more often than I personally prefer, I would usually try to avoid fights in the hub areas.- the returning disc weapon is buggy. Sometimes when I changed to it, two of them would hover around my character and I couldn't attack or change weapons. I had to quit the game and restart from my saves.All in all, this is a high quality game and a very intricately designed piece of art and experience in itself. You can definitely come out of this game with loads of more general information on Greek mythology. That ending definitely made me think and that's something I can't say about most games.Despite the VERY minor glitches, If you can stick with the fighting mechanics and like action/adventure/RPG style gameplay with amazing presentation and art direction, you definitely can't go wrong with Apotheon.Thumbs way up!"
,Recommended,208750,14336634,"Posted: 5 February, 2015",all,Novoctus,"If you enjoyed NES ""Battle of Olympus"", ""Legend of Zelda: The adventures of Link"" or ""Metroid"", you will enjoy the hell out of Apotheon. This gives you that old school platform feel with a fresh style and fun mechanics.It will be worth your dollars to give it a try and Apotheon will repay you with hours of enjoyment.A few things i recommend you do.-Turn on the subtitles, I feel it adds to the games design and flows well with the voice acting.-The control combat is not your typical “Stick-Jock” style, there is a depth of strategy to the to the attacks that may take some getting used to. I personally had no issues with the controls on a game pad and it lead to some interest attack and shield defense moves.As far as the game goes.-Great Greek filled mythological story.-Great soundtrack (DLC, well worth adding on).-Full Voice acting is superb.-Beautiful level areas along with secret locations held within.-Fun and interesting combat system with both mythological weapons.-The ability to improve your hero’s Armor and Weapon proficiencies.-Simple and nice inventory/crafting system.-Adjustable Level Difficulty settings.-Complete gamepad mapping.-Multi-player Local (Have not attempted this yet).-Co-Op (coming soon).It will nice to see if there will be any add-ons in the future to continue the story of Apotheon.Having been playing games in all genera’s since my first commodore 16, there have been moments over the past few years that I was looking for something enjoyable and not bloated with all that “Look at all the things our game offers” and then to find out most of those things are broken or just weigh the overall experience down. Apotheon is a beautiful game that offers just the right amount of everything to make entertaining and continues bringing back for longer play sessions. It has been a long time since I played a game with such enjoyment or even looked forward to playing as much as I do with Apotheon.The only thing I would like to see in the future is an equipable inventory system for a DLC continuation of Apotheon story.Thank you Apotheon Team."
,Recommended,208750,14507457,"Posted: 16 February, 2015",all,snoe,"A solid and refreshing Metroidvania with a well fleshed out setting and stunningly unique art style. Some minor annoyances with combat and movement aren't enough to make a dent in this over-all beautiful experience.Highly recommended, especially to those who are interested in Greek mythology."
76561198119869447,Recommended,208750,14318471,"Posted: 3 February, 2015",all,rravenclaw,"Granted, I haven't even fiished the tutorial section but I have a gut feeling this game will continue to excel. I love the art direction and the setting, it gives the game a really awesome unique feeling. The weapon system seems really varied and nice and as do the controls. I'm excited to get into the story."
,Recommended,208750,19665375,"Posted: 12 December, 2015",all,Moe ilia,"When I bought this game, I started playing it thinking that it will be a straight forward completely linear game, but it is not. It is almost open world in it's way.Graphic style is pretty nice and great to look at. The methalogy and the lore will lure in all history lovers.Gameplay is fun and engaging, decent combat with lots of weapons to choose from.Great Game...it's God of War 2D..what more can I say."
76561198072716349,Recommended,208750,14363870,"Posted: 6 February, 2015",all,Focuspuller,"It's exactly what it looks like. It's beautiful and simple in it's art, presentation and controls. It's fun to play and great to look at. If you were someone (especially a child) who went to a museum and admired art from this period, and ever imagined what it would look like if it cam to life, this is the game for you."
76561198128019062,Recommended,208750,32917228,Posted: 28 June,all,The_Bees_2.0,10/10I like the art.
76561197981604953,Recommended,208750,26462540,"Posted: 6 November, 2016",all,Qari,"This game is unique, the experience is one of a kind, and the combat system seems impossible to master and yet is still very fun. I picked it up for the art (I hate 2d scrollers) and not only is the art fantastic, the gameplay is too."
76561198330854518,Not Recommended,208750,32611054,Posted: 20 June,all,Hapheus,"The controls weren't as fun for me as they could have been in that I felt like I was fighting the controls more than any of the actual enemies. The art style is amazing, I really wish I could have gotten the hang of the controls so I could have enjoyed the rest. But hey, just because it wasn't for me doesn't mean it's a bad game."
,Recommended,208750,26485845,"Posted: 8 November, 2016",all,st0vep1pe,Fun gameplay and interesting art style. It isn't easy though.
,Recommended,208750,24015644,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,yami-sama,"The artstyle is awesome, I really love it.You should buy it."
,Recommended,208750,21930355,"Posted: 19 March, 2016",all,HeyJoe[HUN]PC RPG Community,"In English: Simply great level design & art style, fight with gods with cool weapons in awesome atmosphere...Only bad thing in the Single-player mode: too short, less than 10 hrs & I finished but I just can't wait some add-on/dlc on reasonable price.The multiplayer could be fun & when you can connect to other players it is. But sooner or later I was alway disconnected so far I tried to play online. (But in other games on Steam I can play online, so not my internet connection is the problem.)In Hungarian / Magyarul is: remek kis játék, megéri az árát. Pláne, ha szereted a mitológiai témájú játékokat. Lehetne hosszabb, de annyi van benne, amennyit kell érte fizetni. A multija sajnos küzd hibákkal, pedig jópofa lenne az is."
76561198362830163,Recommended,208750,35041453,Posted: 18 September,all,ChefRandy,"Not gonna lie, I got a stiffy fighting Poseidon."
,Recommended,208750,14327891,"Posted: 4 February, 2015",all,edwardteachedward,"Hmmm .. Damn, I found nothing to criticize..."
,Not Recommended,208750,29513700,Posted: 26 January,all,GreenBeetle,"I really wanted to give this a positive review, the aesthetics look just great and the minimalistic approach does the job, but the combat feels sloppy and poorly programmed. Also the items scattered across the game don't feel well designed, the item fatigue system is tedious and finding different weapons aren't very rewarding because they'll break soon and you'll be back to using clumsy and low damage weapons again. The storyline isn't consistent and you'll miss the main objectives because of this, wandering around pointlessly."
,Not Recommended,208750,22804488,"Posted: 4 May, 2016",all,Dravvad,"I have to say that there are definitely some pro's to the game, the majority of which are in its overall style. However, the game turned out to be a pretty big letdown overall due to the gameplay, as many other people seem to also complain about - and further, the developer seems like they haven't been that helpful with some big issues.I'll lay it out simply. The artistic style was the entire reason I got hooked into playing the game, right when I saw it. And I happen to love Greek mythology as well - or pretty much anything set in or focused around the mythology. I was super excited to play the game, but right off the bat I had a very big problem.The game simply did not load up for me at all. It showed a black screen, then the application closed. Thankfully, some people in the forum had a fix for installing some framework MSI that came with the game, and it worked for me. However, a good amount of people seemed to claim that didn't work for them and that they were just unable to play the game entirely. I've not really seen the developer respond about this problem, which is extremely important considering it's playing the freaking game! That's a big strike right away.There's a thread about the above problem in the Bug Reports sub-forum right now still.However, I followed along as I was still hooked in, and the above fix worked for me in about 5 minutes. Right away in the game, I noticed how bad the controls were. The setting changes don't matter, and mouse/keyboard vs. controller also doesn't really matter. The game has a weird lag in a lot of the motions, and your character doesn't function properly.You move relatively slowly for a bit, until your character can suddenly start sprinting if you're still moving in the same direction - however, the moment you hit any sort of incline at all, even if it's like a 10 degree ramp, your character comes to a complete stop and then starts moving slowly up the incline again. This happens all over the place, so your motion is really bad much of the time. Bringing that into combat, you have tough enemies moving around you while you keep getting stuck or bouncing around in certain corners or places.Also, while it is realistic that a person can't be sprinting and then immediately turn 180 degrees and keep sprinting, they can definitely keep a lot faster speed than your character. The same thing happens as with the little inclines. If you turn around, your character becomes a snail again for a short bit. Such a thing is really bad in battles when the enemies get around you easily.And speaking of battles - some of the characteristics are fine, along with a general collection of weapons. But again, the gameplay is poor in the sense that very often when you swing melee weapons all over the place, you can be too close to the enemies and the weapons just pass through or over them, which does not make much sense in a 2D game. Even spears did this at times - if I am jutting a spear straight ahead, it shouldn't pass through an enemy. Thus, the stamina mechanic was made more of a pain when half the time you lose stamina without being able to hit anything.Another issue is the UI in certain places - particularly in item descriptions and in the shops. The descriptions for some items, if long, will run off the screen even if you are in the max resolution for your PC. But more importantly, once you unlock enough items, you will be unable to buy some of them in the shops. The shops keep the items in a vertical list, and you'll eventually hit a limit where items will run off of the screen and you can't select them. There's even a thread about this right now (""Cloak and Dagger..."" in the General Discussions).In fact, there's a good amount of Bug Reports threads and the developer seems to not really be around much or care.There's more things I could go on about, including a good amount of lag in places too, but I don't want to sit here going on forever. The controls and gameplay overall are some of the biggest critical problems with Apotheon. I tried to give the game my best try and completed it simply because I wanted to witness all of the style, but it is really a pain in many places due to its problems.I can't willingly tell someone else to buy the game because I am sure there are many people who will hate it due to the above implementation issues."
,Not Recommended,208750,23401996,"Posted: 5 June, 2016",all,AlexXsWx,"*Unplayable because of controls*I feel like this would've been a truly awesome game if the controls wouldn't be this terrible.In a combat, common behavior of following your target with mouse will make your attack type unpredictable, which also affects timing of the attack.If you don't want player to be able to change stab direction by more than N degrees while charging - that's fine, just perform the stab with the biggest angle change you allow. But *do not change the !@#$ing timing*"
76561198030980450,Recommended,208750,16952548,"Posted: 8 July, 2015",all,Tallestdavid,"Before I played:＼＼ ＿＼( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)<　⌒ヽ/ 　 へ＼/　　/　＼＼ﾚ　ノ　　 ヽ_つ/　//　/|(　(ヽ|　|、＼| 丿 ＼ ⌒)| |　　) /`ノ )　　LﾉAfter I played:／ﾌﾌ 　　　　　　 　ム｀ヽ/ ノ) 　）　ヽ/ ｜　　( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°）ノ⌒（ゝ._,ノ/　ﾉ⌒7⌒ヽーく　 ＼　／丶＿ ノ ｡　　 ノ､　｡|/`ヽ `ー-'_人`ーﾉ丶 ￣ _人'彡)"
76561198016424641,Recommended,208750,25112261,"Posted: 24 August, 2016",all,Deo,+
,Recommended,208750,14586621,"Posted: 21 February, 2015",all,Trippie,It's alright.......
76561198089419942,Recommended,208750,14319513,"Posted: 3 February, 2015",all,Abominatio,Buy it if you study classical literatur and liberate yourself temporarily from the pain of anatomizing Vergil or Homer by cutting down some of the gods you dislike from the books :)
76561197964427792,Recommended,208750,14318734,"Posted: 3 February, 2015",all,Soulreaper,"This game is AWESOME, if u like platform games, and greek mythology, simply buy this, the combat is quite nice and there is alot of weapons to choose from (Axes, Swords, Javelins, spears, diffrent arrows / bows, and even ""magic weapons""), the controls are quite nice aswell, and simple, like switching between your melee wapons and ranged weapons with a click and a scroll with mouse wheel. There is alot to explore in the game which is quite nice.-You have a nice map of your surroundings aswell as an overall map, with quick travel.-You have diffrent ""swings"" with your equipped weapon (using the left mouse button) which furthermore is diffrent on the weapon u have equipped-You have shield equipped, which u can block with your right mouse button, and quickly switch to alternate offhand gear, like a torch.-And ofc. middle mouse button (if u have that on your mouse) is used to throw weapons, (javelins, spears), and so on.-Being able to pick up your thrown weapons or arrows.But beware, things break, so make sure u loot all u can..Design of the game is really nice, the levels / maps are well done, aswell as the lightning where the torch comes in handy :)Overall i'll give Apotheon a 10/10, its a brilliant game with awesome combat :)"
76561198081606493,Recommended,208750,22893339,"Posted: 10 May, 2016",all,Grommbir,GAYER THAN SPARTANS!
,Recommended,208750,15049545,"Posted: 25 March, 2015",all,Italian Scallion,"Okay, I'll get this out here now. I don't like the graphics in this game. I am the biggest graphics stickler in the Western Hemisphere, so don't come at me with,"" It's an art style!"" 'cause that's bs. But, this game is different. I still don't like the graphics, but it has a captivating storyline and amazing gameplay. Buy it, love it, recommend it."
76561198006653128,Recommended,208750,14335993,"Posted: 5 February, 2015",all,ssfsx17,"Exploration like a Metroidvania, lots of different styles of play, very atmospheric"
,Not Recommended,208750,21421162,"Posted: 24 February, 2016",all,taytertOOT,"I found the controls difficult to master, they are very messy and all over the place. Which, in turns makes the game extremely hard to play or enjoy. I got a refund as a result."
76561198075114797,Recommended,208750,24961267,"Posted: 16 August, 2016",all,Nanotyranus,Threw an enormous spear straight through the brain of the God of Civilisation.Shot the Goddess of the Hunt in the♥♥♥♥♥while dodging her shots like I was a deer in the matrix. (I was a deer.)Drank about twenty vases of alcohol with the God of♥♥♥♥♥♥and Wine after being repeatedly left unconscious on the floor by the stuff.Slaughtered my way through the guards of Olympus with a sword.Ten Gods of♥♥♥♥♥♥and Wine out of ten.
,Recommended,208750,15238554,"Posted: 6 April, 2015",all,Lin Junjie,Innovative Heroic Action Game.Every stage has fun and unique gameplay mechanic.
76561198042553218,Recommended,208750,32544211,Posted: 18 June,all,^^RogerSmith^^,"Really nice gameplay, good story and still a different to all that mainstream staff.Played mainstory on regular difficult in 22 hours, but it is still a real good work.I just had some problems with the controle, but it´s also the first game, i´ve ever played only using a gamepad ^^"
,Recommended,208750,20854860,"Posted: 30 January, 2016",all,Ph4ntom farmskins.com,"Apotheon is very good game, similar to God of War, only 2D. I really recommend it.10/10"
76561198218965229,Not Recommended,208750,29654607,Posted: 2 February,all,Demonic sunset,"can you fix this please, everything is fine until i want to go to fight the chimera or go anywhere after charons ferry, everytime it just crashes"
76561198035808269,Recommended,208750,22591266,"Posted: 23 April, 2016",all,Olympian,"A nice Metroidvinian set in ancient Greek mythology.Gameplay is well done and the puzzles are not too hard.Upgrading your character and gear is very satisfying.And last not least the ""red-figure pottery"" art style is just beautiful."
,Recommended,208750,14427103,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,HIPERATIVO,"Great game,the physics of it are the most fun of all 2D game ever played,beautiful and original visuals.>Soundtrack sets the atmosphere>Each boss is face in a differente way>Great number of enemies>Dead enemies make noises:)"
76561198072158408,Recommended,208750,16974154,"Posted: 10 July, 2015",all,Samurai Salad ☭,"Great game with a great story line, you also get an feeling of acomplishment everytime you beat an boss and the final one is the best! It's too bad that nobody plays the online mode though :/"
76561198075805867,Recommended,208750,21240130,"Posted: 15 February, 2016",all,Sutarmekeg,Beautiful game.
,Recommended,208750,14340801,"Posted: 5 February, 2015",all,Whoopsie Goldberg,One of the coolest looking games i've ever seen. It's art design copies ancient greek amphora drawings. Though 2d platforming and man vs greek gods isn't entirely original I enjoyed the story and gameplay. Must have if you're into ancient greek stuff.
76561198094598616,Recommended,208750,15194184,"Posted: 3 April, 2015",all,Koala,we need more games like this
,Recommended,208750,14331010,"Posted: 4 February, 2015",all,Castmoid,Kinda soulsy metroidvania with a unique art style and a well told story. So it's p ok.
76561198030744977,Recommended,208750,14845955,"Posted: 11 March, 2015",all,Arcturus,Is pretty good
,Recommended,208750,20657887,"Posted: 21 January, 2016",all,Sam Wise,"A good side scroller rpg, controls can be cumbersome but the art style makes up for it. It's just a beautiful game to play."
,Recommended,208750,20683804,"Posted: 22 January, 2016",all,Ozymandiabish,"I really loved this game; an interest for Greek mythology is certainly a big plus when buying it. If you're a little familiar with the subject you'll see lots of of small details and other nice things to enjoy in this already beautiful game. The environments are all very well designed and everything has its own feel while still staying true to the original art style, that of ancient Greek vases and pots. The combat is something to get used to, but it works. The music is also very athmospheric and really adds to the overall gameplay experience. The story is quite simple but well executed. At times I truly felt like a god amongst men. Just buy it.10/10 would become a god again"
76561197984369484,Recommended,208750,20763116,"Posted: 26 January, 2016",all,Cinn,"I don't normally like side-scrollers, but I really enjoyed this game.I was initially enticed by the look of an ancient Greek amphora come to life, and I was pleased to see the mythological research evident in the story, accompanied by an excellent soundtrack.  The levels have just enough variety to keep them interesting, so that it's not just smacking more Greek dudes with a variety of weapons every time.I'm not sure why some people were unhappy with the combat.  I use keyboard + mouse, and the only problem I had was an occasional inability to hit an enemy because he was standing right on top of me, so that neither facing left or facing right could reach him.  Other than that, I enjoyed the block & attack mechanism that so often resulted in a dramatic *clang* *clang* as I exchanged blows with my foe, each of us using his shield to defend himself.  I also liked the way weapons broke, often forcing me to improvise when I lost the last weapon that was most effective against a particular enemy.The difficulty ramps up pretty evenly, so that you get more abilities at about the same rate as the enemies get stronger.  One thing I really enjoyed became evident in the boss fights.  In most games nowadays, you have about 5 seconds to figure out the strategy to defeat the boss before it kills you with one or two blows.  Every time in this game, when certain weapons were weak or useless against a boss, I had time to react to this and try something else, because I could still take a fair amount of punishment (even from a god).  Other games would do well to emulate this; it's far more exciting to devise a new strategy while in the middle of a fight than it is to do so while sitting on the Load screen.The Good:Oustanding art style capturing the essence of ancient Greek pottery illustrationMusicDepiction of gods and goddesses in accordance with literature of the timeInteresting combat systemHistorlcal weapons (love the sarissa) as well as fantastical onesVaried levels and objectives with some semi-open-world aspects (player choice and optional quests)Treasure hunting for completionistsReasonable autosave (in addition to manual saves)The Bad:Enemies can stand in the same place as you, making them unhittableSeveral crashes when attempting to load levelsCould use a good spell check"
76561198253054683,Recommended,208750,20864351,"Posted: 30 January, 2016",all,Momentum,Apotheon is a great game. I absolutely LOVE Greek Mythology tales and stories and this game gives a great story based with Greek Mythology Gods. The 2D visual in the game is simple but it looks amazing. The combat is great and there are so many things you can do. The audio in this game is one of the best. The music and sound effects sound amazing. I highly recommend this game.
76561198037108662,Recommended,208750,20865722,"Posted: 30 January, 2016",all,13,fun
,Recommended,208750,20897289,"Posted: 1 February, 2016",all,tagenar,"A brand new Greek epic.  Huge story, brilliant design, outstanding 2D open world to explore.Each level has a unique twist to it that makes it stand out (Hades has enemies that respawn, Zeus' Palace rains lightning down on you, Ares' lair has respawning enemies that fight each other, Poseidon's area is all aquatic with underwater enemies found nowhere else).  Though the game pretty much is made of branching destroy-this-kill-that quests, the ways you have to execute them are all different.  This makes every quest unique, and every area a surprise.Each boss fight is special as well, keenly balanced for just the right amount of challenge without ever becoming frustrating.  The final battle with Zeus is blissfully unfair, requires strategy and thought to win, and never made me ragequit.The story is simple, and in any other context would be cliched, but it's appropriate here.  Overthrowing the gods who decided humanity must be extinguished is grand, epic, and engrossing.  I had to know how it ended, and find out what happens to the people I met along the way.Combat takes some getting used to, and switching weapons or using health and potions during combat leaves you vulnerable.  There's no way to switch to a weapon or potion directly; you have to use the mouse wheel to scroll through your inventory, and that can make it frustrating to use something in the heat of battle.Platforming can be awkward with keyboard and mouse, and I didn't get used to it until the end of the game, but there's really no way around it.  Again, it is challenging, but never frustrating.Apotheon is superbly designed, well-balanced, and a joy to explore."
76561197991491676,Recommended,208750,20906223,"Posted: 1 February, 2016",all,brogovsky,great game!
76561198001527841,Recommended,208750,30646775,Posted: 20 March,all,A Fat Bert Kreischer,They did a great job with this one. Truly a masterpiece. You have to have a fine apreciation for art to benifit from the experience that is this game.
,Recommended,208750,23737397,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,TeenJackBauer,8/10 TJBs
76561198011156095,Recommended,208750,23493623,"Posted: 10 June, 2016",all,silver,good game
76561198047587365,Recommended,208750,30637058,Posted: 20 March,all,Viorel Patrunjel,Kul gaem
,Recommended,208750,16932248,"Posted: 7 July, 2015",all,ThunderDuck,The greeks had the most magnificent butts.10/10 would squat again
76561197999992094,Recommended,208750,15092717,"Posted: 28 March, 2015",all,King Andy,I just love the way it looks.
76561198081529473,Recommended,208750,20330986,"Posted: 5 January, 2016",all,DQNO,Game is fun.
,Recommended,208750,21488387,"Posted: 26 February, 2016",all,MickeyUSA,Very fun game! neat art syle and fun fighting.
76561197998658140,Recommended,208750,29502484,Posted: 26 January,all,Pompan,"I bought this game during a Steam winter sale.Apotheon is a very enjoyable 2D action platformer about greek mythology where you play as the champion Nikandreos.I think that the story was enjoyable and that the gameplay was fun with the just amount of difficulty needed (you have the possibility to choose between several difficulties). The music was simply put epic - it was really well made and fit perfectly into the theme. Another plus about the music is that it changed with very good timing depending on the situation and area.Apotheon have a decent amount of achievements that aren't too hard to obtain and they're quite fun - no need for boring endless grinding to achieve them.I do only have one major and one minor issue with this game.Beginning with the minor issue is that the game crashed twice shortly after I started it. However, this is only minor since it only happend in one save and the game was smart (and nice) enough to autosave just before crashing since the crashes came upon entering new areas. Other than that I didn't stumble upon any lag issues or bugs.My major issue with this game is a part of the combat system. The combat itself is fun but the drawback is how you attack with your character. You have to move your mouse up or down at the same time as performing an attack to do anything else than a thrust. It is very similar to how you perform special attack-moves in TES-games. However, in the TES-series these are special moves and they're easy to pull of without fail and performing another attack than what you wanted to do. Apotheon doesn't do that and these attacks are supposed to be ""normal"" attacks.To add onto the negativity of the combat system is that these swinging/swiping attacks have a high tendency to attack the ceiling and floor and thereby having a huge tendency to fail at hitting your opponent.In the end I think this is a great game that people should try outThe game clearly deserves a niner."
,Recommended,208750,16491254,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,jirisys,Οὗτος έστί μάλα καλόν παιδιᾱ́ν. Οὗτος ἐστίν ἔργον τέχνης. Ἀγαπῶ τό μάλα πολλά. Πρέπεται παίζειν.
,Not Recommended,208750,20516982,"Posted: 13 January, 2016",all,Tikonderoga,"After 7 hours of playing game just stopped to work. Re-download, verifiying local content did not help. Support forum is dead, people waiting for any advice from developers for month with no luck.Too late for refund, unfortunately."
,Recommended,208750,31030775,Posted: 8 April,all,Kaden,TLDR: its great.
76561198086747436,Recommended,208750,25965859,"Posted: 10 October, 2016",all,MARINE588,"Bought it for my mac pro for working free time play, well it plays well. haha"
,Recommended,208750,27082262,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Kobalobasileus,"Easily the best use of Classical mythology ever to grace a videogame. Sticklers for detail will love the art style, quotations from primary sources, and excellent narrative. Everyone else will love the Metroidvania design and stable of authentic ancient weaponry."
76561198089099048,Recommended,208750,26845920,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Voidrex,A great Metroidvania with interesting references to greek mythology along with a wonderful Art style. I found the gameplay and mechanics generally made the game very fun. I think the only thing that lets the game down is the final 2 bosses as due to the way they are designed they seem to use almost none of the skills that I acquired throughout the game.
76561198110679049,Recommended,208750,23428367,"Posted: 6 June, 2016",all,Zee,"Marvelous game, was a little sceptical about the movement controls to start but the story and gameplay is excellent. Highly recommended if you're a fan of 2D and/or Greek Mythology.*update, I only wish there was Steam Cloud for this*"
,Recommended,208750,15417956,"Posted: 17 April, 2015",all,Chantor,"I'm liking this game so far and I'm not overly too fond of 2D scrollers. The story is good, the graphics are awesome (especially seems there is limited variation in colours) and the controls are good, took me a second to adjust to attacking with the RT on the controller but I adapted fast enough and the options to change bindings are there.The subtle tutorial approach I liked, no pestering but all the information was provided without text walls, it was very simplistic.I recommend this game, to all sorts of gamers and I recommend the risk even if scrollers aren't your favourite style."
76561198113349233,Recommended,208750,15891586,"Posted: 18 May, 2015",all,-Remmie-,"Fun, hard, long, replayable, the only flaws I can find in the game are the controls, which are floaty and hard, and the skill level needed. I find the game extremely hard and I have to find exploits to beat the bosses for about a quarter of the game, and the fact that it goes really slow, and to not much reward."
,Recommended,208750,33825395,Posted: 26 July,all,Toastedwizard,this game is amazingthat is all
76561198066135987,Recommended,208750,19948037,"Posted: 25 December, 2015",all,Rikashey,What originally got me to purchase this was the old greek artstyle that looked really cool.Game is ok but just haven't felt like playing. It's a so-so.
,Recommended,208750,17323511,"Posted: 31 July, 2015",all,VWXZ,"Great game for killing time, perhaps shorter than i would have liked but good fun anyway."
,Recommended,208750,20598594,"Posted: 17 January, 2016",all,BludStanes,"2D God of War... except really good. Beautiful stylized graphics, if you're into that. Awesome combat and exploration. Also, the Greek mythology is damn accurate which is always a plus. If you like 2D side scrolling action-adventure/Metroidvania games, this is for you.PS: I recommend using  a controller, although I am biased because I use the 360 pad for almost every game that uses it, besides 1st persons."
76561198047856558,Recommended,208750,19927967,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,Silvyy,BUY IT
,Recommended,208750,24762427,"Posted: 7 August, 2016",all,Captain-Weasly,A game where the art style is based on Ancient Greek pottery with a story of Greek Mythology.
76561198034058974,Recommended,208750,32573125,Posted: 19 June,all,txaviprivado,"I bought this game like a year ago. I played it for a couple of hours and was turned off by what seemed a very loose control  scheme. After playing through and loving a previous title from the developer Alientrap (Capsized), I decided to give it a chance a week or so ago. Having completed the game at Champion difficulty, I can definitely recommend this game. The visuals are unique, you may love them or hate them but there's no denying there's a lot of personality in this one: characters and backgrounds are drawn like they were on ancient Greece vases (tasteful nudity and all, as in the nymphs and some of the warriors) . The style is consistent throughout the entire game, but there is enough variation in the different stages to make you believe you are in a forest, or a river of blood, or a temple... The music is fitting to the general theme and well orchestrated, I would say it feels as it had been composed for a bigger game. The voice acting is also really well done, although to be fair, I didn't pay much attention to it as I usually don't play games for the story.But the real strong point of this game is precisely what initially put me off: its combat and control mechanics. You have a lot of options to go to battle: sword, mace, spear...ranged weapons like bow, javelins, other throwables, traps that you can set... Besides you can equip a shield (which has a bashing move) to block attacks and a roll to evade. The timing and reach of each weapon is different, and attacking drains your stamina. So as you can see, the depth is enormous. The thing is, as there is momentum and you can aim your attack with the mouse, it can -will- be overwhelming to control well the first few hours. Keep at it, and it pays off- you'll be slaughtering armies like a pro. And it will be fun.Among the negative points,  I found a lot of crashes to desktop, sound failures and other technical issues which detracted a little from the experience, but all in all, at this price this is a solid ""recommend""."
76561198065807260,Recommended,208750,34024587,Posted: 4 August,all,AliMa,"An intriguing and entertaining game, where you embark on a journey to fight the unjust Gods and ultimately Zeus himself.The implementation of classical ""greek-vase-painting""-style into the visual design was brilliant and refreshing. With a controller, combat is smooth albeit a little tricky (in a good way), since there is a delay between hitting the attack button and the attack actually occuring (the character has to wind up the motion of attack first). Personally, I found this nice because it required better timing and planning ahead when facing different enemies. As for character personalization, there is a wide range of different weapons and armours, which can be used and combined as wished.As for the difficulty, in normal mode the game was sometimes challenging but never frustrating (I never had to fight a boss more than once), and with the current verison I never encountered glitches or anything else that would ruin the gaming experience (I had a close ""oh-my-gosh-there-is-a-glitch""-call when facing the final boss, but that was because it took me some time to figure out what I actually had to do :P ).Long story short, if you are looking for a solid, beautiful, and entertaining game for casual gaming, this is definitely a good choice :)"
,Recommended,208750,24714328,"Posted: 4 August, 2016",all,Hunter X Hunter,The artwork alone makes me give it a thumbs up. The gameplay is also amazing. :)
76561198065360454,Recommended,208750,35191354,Posted: 24 September,all,ProbsZero,Really good and worth its price  $3.74 for me.
,Not Recommended,208750,19898057,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,Mitchfynde,"The art style is excellent, the theme is really cool, and there's some nice variety of weapons. That being said, the combat is very clunky. It feels like they wanted a Dark Souls style combat, but it just doesn't work in this game. The aiming with projectiles is especially bad. The map hurts my brain to look at. The game, overall, just feels ""meh"".It's a pretty cool game that obviously appeals to many, but it just didn't pull me in."
,Recommended,208750,18847118,"Posted: 2 November, 2015",all,theBrost,9/10
,Recommended,208750,19636162,"Posted: 11 December, 2015",all,ChesterTheMolester,its good
76561198039476246,Recommended,208750,22230996,"Posted: 3 April, 2016",all,Cullenjackrat,It's a stabby game alright. Pretty cool.
,Not Recommended,208750,22416693,"Posted: 14 April, 2016",all,Spooky Scarington,Enemy picks me upEnemy Throws meI clip through the world and dieIt corrupts my saveAlso it's poorly optimized for Linux so it runs at like 19 FPS
,Recommended,208750,22599197,"Posted: 23 April, 2016",all,OsamaBinLaggin,"This is a extremely underrated game, it's probably the best action-platformer I have ever played. The music and art style are also top notch for a indie title."
,Recommended,208750,22756152,"Posted: 1 May, 2016",all,Darklord Morius,"Não me divertia tanto com um jogo de plataforma a muito tempo. Apotheon mistura ação, plataforma e elementos de RPG em um belo jogo de arte inusitada, baseada nas pinturas clássicas gregas e uma história rica em mitologia."
76561198208361776,Recommended,208750,22771269,"Posted: 2 May, 2016",all,LOLZ,"Not a bad game. The controls are clunky, and I think the Forge of Hephaestus level is bugged. But still, an enjoyable experience."
76561198156823600,Recommended,208750,22309370,"Posted: 8 April, 2016",all,Funboat,The most surprisingly good game of 2015 for me. Have almost no complaints about this one
76561198118604066,Recommended,208750,22528708,"Posted: 19 April, 2016",all,tony_cannoli,Quirky but very good if you enjoy metroidvania style games
76561198007979752,Recommended,208750,22441808,"Posted: 15 April, 2016",all,hurl159,I threw a rock at some greek dude's head. 10/10 would do again
76561198043773879,Recommended,208750,23267040,"Posted: 28 May, 2016",all,Thannak (La Papa Grande),"If you liked Greek myths as a kid or an adult, buy this game. I could go into detail about how the gameplay is simple but enjoyable, the music is great, and so on. But the highest praise I can offer is that this is THE game you need to buy if your interest was ever mythology.If that wasn't really your thing, then its pretty good otherwise. There's better out there, but this is a good and simple one to throw some time into.Note that it has some crashing issues. In one playthrough, four times it crashed to desktop. Luckily it saves at the beginning of every area, so at most I lost five minutes of gameplay."
,Recommended,208750,23287443,"Posted: 30 May, 2016",all,Adidas,"i havnt played much, but a single playthrough is more than enough to really get a feel for this game.it has stunning art and an awesome sound track deffs recommened."
,Recommended,208750,14389264,"Posted: 8 February, 2015",all,MadMarx,"Killed the Gods, and then become one, pretty sick."
,Recommended,208750,14397329,"Posted: 8 February, 2015",all,lking226,"Giant Zeus versus Giant Nikanderos battle finale was the highlight of the game. Apotheon's visual environment makes the game appealling for replay value. Olympus Has Fallen is like a modern day 300. This game made we think of these movies. What was disappointing about the game was the abilities acquired from one saved slot can't be transfer over to a new game level difficulty. In essence, I can't use the thunderbolt power I picked up from defeating Zeus and fight the henchmen on Olympian difficulty, which would be a cinch with that power."
,Recommended,208750,14399647,"Posted: 8 February, 2015",all,Cacame Awemedinade,Pretty cool game. The story is compeling and the mechanics are greats.Though it is annoying that you can't keep the Champion Difficulty on (it seems it resets to normal when u die).
,Recommended,208750,23596063,"Posted: 16 June, 2016",all,Artemer,I enormously enjoy throwing javelins in the faces of men wearing nothing but sandals
76561197998364356,Not Recommended,208750,26081168,"Posted: 16 October, 2016",all,Climber,Art style looks so good. Unfortunately its combat is the worse part of the game and combat is the singular aspect of gameplay
,Recommended,208750,33770020,Posted: 24 July,all,MI,I only do reviews for games i love and wow is this one of them
,Recommended,208750,14321877,"Posted: 4 February, 2015",all,Pokshayka,Literally eye porn
,Not Recommended,208750,16463500,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,Captainbatz,"I really wanted to love this game.There is only really one thing that killed it for me. The combat.Most enemies run around back and forth frantically, and I found myself mashing attack hoping the enemies would be in front of me when I swung. Doesn't help that most weapons take a while to swing.The point in which I turned it off, was fighting werewolves that did this grab and throw move by lunging at you. Annoying on its own, but when there are multiple in one room you're constantly thrown around with little way out.If they polished the combat, I would definitely recommend this game. Either way I wouldn't pay the full $15 they're asking when there are so many other great titles you can find for less."
76561198059163006,Not Recommended,208750,20948248,"Posted: 4 February, 2016",all,gepka,absolutely unplayable. controls are nothing but terrible. STAY AWAY
,Not Recommended,208750,21427331,"Posted: 24 February, 2016",all,ThotPatrol,"The story is awesome, it teaches you mythology etc but I found it very repetitive... Other than that a great game. My advice is to only buy it on sale"
,Not Recommended,208750,24099488,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,solution2u,"Warning: Can't start the game. Many users have this issue but developer can't fix the issue even after 1 year. Tried follow some suggestions in discussion group, but nothing help.Buy at your own risk!"
,Not Recommended,208750,23696943,"Posted: 21 June, 2016",all,Paladin Wren,"It's a disappointing storyline, but I awesome ending! Still can't recommend it though 10 hours of game play for $15, I rather buy horse armor!"
76561198053131220,Recommended,208750,22806135,"Posted: 4 May, 2016",all,Fritters,"Holy crap this game is great. Everything, from the art style, to the combat, it's amazing."
76561198096364265,Recommended,208750,25090733,"Posted: 23 August, 2016",all,𝑪𝒂𝒓𝒕𝒊𝒏𝒐,Not a card game
,Not Recommended,208750,20184763,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,Shard,"It's not optimised for mac AT ALL. Seriously, it's unplayable on a mac. If you're intending to get this and you can't play it on windows; don't."
76561198036121006,Not Recommended,208750,21260516,"Posted: 16 February, 2016",all,lextarget,"As much as everything about thing game made me want to play, when I got to playing it, my enthusiasm died pretty quickly. The controls are awful and completely destroyed my experience..."
,Not Recommended,208750,23524105,"Posted: 12 June, 2016",all,Ganso,"This game has very clunky controls, VERY CLUNKY. I almost stopped playing because of that, but the art and soundtrack are so good, the story is interesting, so I continued to play because of those. But unfortunately I got to a part that after a few bosses, in order to progress, you need to find keys in game to open doors. Keys are dropped randomly and they have a very low drop ratio, so I gave up.I recommend buying on a sale because of the art and sountrack."
,Recommended,208750,18220550,"Posted: 27 September, 2015",all,Hu$tl3r,Great adventure platformer - sound and atmosphere are nice.
,Recommended,208750,14492331,"Posted: 15 February, 2015",all,Skoobeldoobel,"Apotheon is a game with an art style that's both unique and good looking. Everything feels right about the graphics and animations and it really does bring you into the mindset that this is a game about ancient greek mythology. The game has light RPG mechanics in where you can pick up multiple weapons and tools that are split into four categories; melee weapons, long ranged weapons, throwabale weapons/traps and potions/elixirs.The combat is pretty good, with fluid movement and some epic moments but it can get a little fiddly trying to change weapons in the middle of combat. It can also get quite annoying when some of your weapons overreach the enemies with weapons like the spear, the axe and the mace.What I would like to see is the ability to drop inferior weapons because scrolling to the right weapon can get frustrating when there's ten weapons between the one you want and with weapons breaking quickly you can't really set one as a primary. Spears should also stab and not get used as a club of some sort."
76561198085985625,Recommended,208750,32691892,Posted: 23 June,all,magladko,The best open world 2D game ever known.
76561198031713702,Recommended,208750,21522245,"Posted: 28 February, 2016",all,Oedipus's Stepdad,This game has made me hate wolves like they're satan10/10 would get devoured by a pack of wolves again
,Recommended,208750,14343022,"Posted: 5 February, 2015",all,LightsOut,Killed a giant with a butter knife. 10/10
76561198043939643,Not Recommended,208750,26347651,"Posted: 31 October, 2016",all,Firreir,"Meh...This game seems like it could be interesting, but it's just lacking the polish necessary to make a good platformer.  One super important part to making a platformer enjoyable is mobility, I need to feel in complete control of my character.  You lose momentum whenever running over slight changes in terrain (e.g. from stairs to flat ground).  If you're running not in the direction of your mouse you move at cripplingly slow speeds.  The game just makes you feel clumsy.I'm personally not a huge fan of mouse-aim platformers, but if you are going to make such a game, the action has to be good enough to warrent the precise aiming mechanic.  I find it difficult to hit any given target, the mouse aiming seems more to get in the way than enhance the combat mechanics of the game.  I dunno, maybe it'd be more fun with a controller?"
,Recommended,208750,34141489,Posted: 10 August,all,SasЌe Com Bacc Too Ze Vilagg!,"Awesome game, I loved the storyIf you really want you can even play it with your friends in multiplayer"
76561198035135085,Recommended,208750,34028424,Posted: 4 August,all,Chocolateya,Linear story with beautiful art and fun combat. Defeating the greek gods has never been more fun
76561197999641910,Recommended,208750,34401226,Posted: 21 August,all,muffin,its a chick but fun game
,Recommended,208750,22538928,"Posted: 20 April, 2016",all,ϟAlbert | Franceϟ,"de la 2d euurrrrrg euuurrrggj'aime pas la 2d eurrsinon chouette jeux, dommage que l'on ne peut pas profiter des débutant en les tuant a la tache de farmer les ressource pour notre compte ;("
,Not Recommended,208750,22559672,"Posted: 21 April, 2016",all,Duk,"If you are a fan of greek stylization or metroidvanias, I recommend finding different games. If you like eyestrain, this one is for you"
,Recommended,208750,14427428,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,Threskiornis moluccus,more like dorkus maximus hahha
,Not Recommended,208750,21911946,"Posted: 18 March, 2016",all,yami,"Looks nice, but combat is lackluster.It seems like the devs prioritised researching greek mythology instead of working on gameplay.I hope it was not intended for KB/M, controls are terrible. Also doesn't recognize my generic logitech gamepad correctly, can not map joysticks or buttons and it can't rebind the keys.Not worth full price, can't recommend buying it on sale either."
,Recommended,208750,16384716,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,Swamp,
76561198072218356,Recommended,208750,14885379,"Posted: 14 March, 2015",all,Thoolo,FINALLY !An Original and epic game !THIS is the kind of games steam should let in more often.Enough said...10/10* * * * *
76561198035719734,Not Recommended,208750,17608175,"Posted: 18 August, 2015",all,scifisaint,"This game is beautiful but the controls suck. Shouldn't really need the mouse at all, seems better suited to console. Reccomended for console but not through steam."
,Recommended,208750,21220166,"Posted: 14 February, 2016",all,Count Cuckula,"not as grand as God of War, but it still has some cool moments and captures the classical Greek style very well, also an amazing soundtrack"
,Not Recommended,208750,20169013,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,Teslatarian,"I started this game excited about it. The originality caught my attention. The art style and soundtrack will be the only thing to save this game. The controls are clunky and unpredictable. The combat system doesn't make a lot of sense. I started this game and played through the entire thing in 1 day. The next day I figured I would go in and finish off the last achievement by completing an Olympian run. The game only lags more and more and gets more frustrating the longer you play(Not my PC, I can run any game without an issue). About 10 hours into my second playthrough my game crashed and when I went to reload, my save file wasn't there. I cannot suggest this game until most of these issues get resolved by the development team. I had high hopes and was disappointed."
76561198286629248,Not Recommended,208750,21450282,"Posted: 25 February, 2016",all,dicholl,"really disliked this game, one of the worst decisions i ever made"
76561198102928305,Not Recommended,208750,21452877,"Posted: 25 February, 2016",all,Schizophrenic B-List Actor,"Sad to say, I am unable to enjoy this game. Bought it after my friend recommended it. Decided to play it while downloading XCOM 2. Game opened up just fine. Went to the settings, changed some very minor things, hit apply.Game crash.I tried it again. Again, game opens fine. I went to the settings and did the same thing, just to see if it would crash again. Guess what?It did.I try one final time, this time skipping the settings completely. I just decide to play the game. Fourteen minutes in, and I've started to enjoy myself. In fact, I've forgotten about the previous two crashes.As long as I stay away from the settings, everything will be perfect. I'll meet a nice girl, go out with her, and eventually get married. We'll get a dog, and have a couple of kids. I'll finish college and go on to fulfill my dreams. I'll be happy... Fulfilled...All is well and good... until Steam sends me a notification. Guess what happens.The game freaking crashes.Why? I don't know. I can't tell you. I couldn't read what the notification said, because the entire system froze up on me. And now, I still haven't met a girl, I don't have a dog, or any kids, I haven't completed college, I'm drowning in debt, I lost my left arm in a very dramatic shipping accident, my grandfather joined the American Nazi Party, and life is just awful!Screw you, Apotheon. You ruined my life.2/10 would crash again"
,Not Recommended,208750,24325033,"Posted: 14 July, 2016",all,campingdude67,This Game starts out ok first you kill a couple soliders who are raiding the villege.However once into hades I could not get past the fire river level simply because the keyboard controls feel like every action you make is delayed by half a second so many of times I would miss a jump and fall to my death right at the end overall I didnt not enjoy this game or reccomend it.
76561197970187216,Not Recommended,208750,19344714,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,gotmuff,"Do not purchase if you own a gaming laptop. The game seems to default to integrated graphics and cannot be forced to use a dedicated card - a problem other users have also raised in the Steam forums for this game. Developers have not addressed this despite the number of folks impacted, and that it has been a problem since release.Hardly playable as is for me, never got to find out if it was any good!"
,Recommended,208750,28913204,Posted: 1 January,all,Andrzej Duda,Is very good game.
,Recommended,208750,35009188,Posted: 16 September,all,dirtydoyler,"Apot""he""on? More like A-pot""I""-on when I was straight up blazing it to this dank game. I give it 420/10 erryday."
76561197962084709,Recommended,208750,25092638,"Posted: 23 August, 2016",all,Ironsides,"Guys, this is a real treat of a game great story line great combat, works with a game pad controller im hooked. This price tag is right for this game to boot. Do yourself a favour and pick this lil gem up you wont be sorry and if you like greek mythology its a must have title...."
76561198204709248,Recommended,208750,21218497,"Posted: 14 February, 2016",all,KindOfALoser,Amazing game with beautiful Greek artwork!
,Not Recommended,208750,14399070,"Posted: 8 February, 2015",all,Wil Alambre,"I *really* want to recommend this game on the fantastic visuals alone... but unfortunately the controls feel *so* loose and clumsy. This is basically a side-scrolling action game where your character feels floaty, weapon selection and switching is too difficult, and fights feel like rag dolls flailing at each other. The art style is *brilliant*, and *if* the tighten up the controls, it could be huge fun for anyone who likes a good side-scroller beat-em-up... but for now, you'll probably find it more frustrating than anything else."
,Not Recommended,208750,15094332,"Posted: 28 March, 2015",all,Muttonchops,"Initial impression:+Beautiful scenery+Interesting story-Strange unwieldy controls-Using weapons is incredibly frustrating. Sometimes I swing weapons at a normal decent speed, other times I wind up for two seconds before attacking, which allows enemies to hit me and interrupt my swing...over and over...it's horrid.Edit:Learned after a bit that you have a stamina bar which, if low, makes you swing your weapon like you actually want to die.  Anyway, doesn't make it any more of a fun mechanic."
,Not Recommended,208750,19107426,"Posted: 15 November, 2015",all,Muftwin,"NOTE: Looks like the play timer is bugged Im sure i didnt play that long my ingame timer is much lower.Apotheon is an ancient greek action platformer. I dont like the art style, but i guess it fits the ancient greek theme. You can see it yourself in the trailer, if its a plus to you thats fine.Gameplay consists of going on various quests involving following arrows through the overworld to find mini dungeons scattered about that often have a boss in them and lots of purposeless corridors. Most of these quests never really had any explanation as to why I needed to do them, for example in the ""Hades"" area players must cross 4 rivers before fighting the areas boss. When you cross these rivers you come out back exactly where you started. It seem the only reason I had to do it was to add to the gameplay, not the story. However, many of these quests were very interesting and fun. This isn't nessicarily a fault. The problems come in with the platforming and combat.Platforming is quite obnoxious, it almost feels like im lagging but I dont think i am. Its very hard to move just a small amount or land on a small platform. Most areas are designed with ""Z"" shaped platforms, so youll often try to jump up onto one and lagging into the crook, because the jump didnt respond well. Also unresponsive is trying to down jump through a platform. This is very annoying when trying to run away. When you receive a big hit sometimes you go flying unpredictably. Also if your like me your used to roll jumping everywhere. Nope in this game you get to jump roll instead, thats a bit strange. There arent really that many parts in this game that require precise platforming anyways but its still annoying, especially on the final boss.Combat system is very simple but there are a ton of guards its much better to just run past most of them. When you do have to fight, despite the game insisting otherwise, you can just button mash with most weapons. Range weapons even have automatic aiming which is pretty OP. You can also make a ton of healing items using the crafting system. Even when you do die you aren't set back much by it.Theres this weird issue while trying to switch weapons while in combat where you cant do it while attacking. I would expect the game to finish the attack and then switch. When your weapon breaks this gets really annoying and makes it hard to use the more advanced potions at all.The UI also has weird overlapping issues very often.If your going to play it play it for an ancient greek story the gameplay is subpar.P.S. If your going to play it anyways you should note that the last difficulty is locked until you beat the game once but theres a bug you can do to skip to the final boss and get the acheivement for beating that difficulty without beating the whole game again."
,Not Recommended,208750,18669962,"Posted: 24 October, 2015",all,Mugabe,"Overall average game.Even though there are quite a few supposed to be challenges, a lot of hidden lockboxes are actually highlighted on the map. All the boss fights are quite similar. No sense of accomplishment.Combat is boring, with only a few actions and weapons are not balanced. Steam Controller is not well well supported especially when it comes to arrow aiming.The lore based on the Greek mythology is quite good."
76561198007921039,Not Recommended,208750,17428255,"Posted: 7 August, 2015",all,a.j.r.crawford,"Normally I love anything set in or inspired by Ancient Greece, but I found this one very difficult to get into. I think this is mostly because the controls are terrible - the game is so unresponsive that I have found some sections unplayable, and it is in desperate need of a setting to adjust mouse sensitivity."
,Recommended,208750,34530943,Posted: 27 August,all,"Harder Daddy, Harder!","Very good game, reccomand :)"
,Not Recommended,208750,19815767,"Posted: 20 December, 2015",all,rgromagnoli,"Incredible crap. It's unplayable with my hardware, which is:GTX 860M8GB RAMCORE i7-4710MQ128SSD + 1TB SSHDI was cought by the game aesthetics which in the videos was awesome. But for my surprise, it`s super laggy. Really a shame."
,Not Recommended,208750,20078354,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,Garbanzo,should be a free game on a flash website
76561198044339289,Not Recommended,208750,24060539,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,Davidc145,"I bought this game because it looked fun in the thumbnails and there were decent reviews of it. I didn't really have fun with it though and I probably wouldn't have bought it if there was a demo. The mechanics are pretty easy to figure out but there isn't really any kind of story. The game didn't really make sense to me, it's more of a run around a little and stab people than rescue a city and the people in it."
76561198163677684,Recommended,208750,34134582,Posted: 9 August,all,xEzaF | trade.tf,"I bought this game before refunds were available and i couldn't play it because my computer isn't good enough, i requested a refund, but they won;t answer because its over 14 days old. It looks like a fun game, if i were to play it, i would give it a good rating."
76561198093959926,Recommended,208750,14330406,"Posted: 4 February, 2015",all,tirednarwhal,Stabby Slashhhyyy Amazinzing 375/10
,Not Recommended,208750,31370046,Posted: 25 April,all,GatoDelFuego,"This game is unique and fun. The combat is interesting and the world is really cool. However, it's basically an open-world platforming game, and if you're trying to explore it can be a real slog. It's annoying to have to keep bringing up the map to search for things, and it's painfully slow to walk around. I wanted to keep playing (I enjoy 100%ing games) but near the end of my playthroughs it just became a slog. In the end, this is an exporation game where it's not fun to move around.Everything else is good though."
,Recommended,208750,28932049,Posted: 2 January,all,Emperor President,This game was so much more than I expected.10/10 would bathe Olympus in blood again.
,Recommended,208750,29002793,Posted: 4 January,all,Zץzz # R.I.P. Chester ♥,Achivement Mount Olympus where i was born.
,Not Recommended,208750,20103264,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,nothgiel7,Terrible controls makes it unplayable. Got a refund. 0/10
76561198301004412,Recommended,208750,28236260,"Posted: 7 December, 2016",all,Rafaman,"this game is relly cool,The grapics are nice and I like the Physicsanyway,I just found tons of free Steam Wallet Codes at{LINK REMOVED}http://steamkeygiveaway.com/You can choose any game you want for free!"
76561198057124515,Not Recommended,208750,14654660,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,Gordon-Levitt,I think that this game can be fixed but the movement and and controls are not as smooth as they should be in a action platformer. The controls just feel.... loose. But the game has a great soundtrack and art style. and all the missions are interesting. But when a game does not fell right it destroys the whole experience.
76561198083006827,Not Recommended,208750,18627099,"Posted: 22 October, 2015",all,stecco,"Awesome graphics, awful gameplay."
76561198009990894,Recommended,208750,14315666,"Posted: 3 February, 2015",all,Zed Word,Instant classic.
76561197972449153,Not Recommended,208750,19341798,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,The Ghost Pyro From Outerspace!!,"A game with amazing art and some original ideas, hampered by an unfortunately terrible and unwieldy combat system. Unless you want to strugle through every second of this game I can't reccomend it, the combat with, or without, a controller is just completely unbearable. If you were blessed with a third hand I can hardily reccomend this game for you though."
76561198063531501,Not Recommended,208750,16403425,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,Sisyphus.exe,"Pretty, but ultimately shallow, and held back by awful controls. Not recommended at any price"
,Not Recommended,208750,16451838,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,"B-A-B-Y, Baby","All flash, no substance. The unique art style was great, but the combat was too wonky and left me strongly disliking the game."
76561198192493745,Not Recommended,208750,29431797,Posted: 22 January,all,coriolis747,"Poor game mechanics, confusing interface. Erratic character movement. Worst game I bought on Steam."
,Not Recommended,208750,22931186,"Posted: 12 May, 2016",all,ferdican,"A good game in gameplay sound and storywise. However, a fix from the developers is urgently needed for a gamebreaking glitch in the game. So, buyers beware that you may experience a gamebreaking glitch and thus cannot progress in the game any more.Wait for a fix and only then make your purchase."
,Not Recommended,208750,26541459,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,Kythos,It's not very fun. Which is sad.
76561198025068811,Not Recommended,208750,14399375,"Posted: 8 February, 2015",all,Alex,"Eh, switching weapons and game control is frightful on a computer!Jumping down in combat is more difficult than it should be and frustratingly so!  Just this alone is enough for me to stop playing it now.The style and artwork is great though."
76561198029359016,Not Recommended,208750,29922502,Posted: 14 February,all,sulunais,"I feel guilty giving this a bad review. I have not played a lot, and I am generally not a huge fan of platformers. The art style is wonderfully unique, everything from gameplay instructions on walls to Chronos god of time on loading symbols. But I just found the combination of mouse and keyboard controls very cumbersome, combat was just too clunky and unsatisfying."
,Not Recommended,208750,24090946,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,Jinsai,"A simple side-scroller distinguished by its classical Grecian art style. Aside from the art style, there's not much here, however."
76561198014893519,Not Recommended,208750,33582450,Posted: 16 July,all,woppmof,I don't like it. Just another boring jump'n'run that brings nothing new to the genre
76561198128291895,Not Recommended,208750,15746048,"Posted: 8 May, 2015",all,JuiceBox,WARNING!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! LAGS SOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO MUCHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH
76561198081840244,Not Recommended,208750,31998270,Posted: 27 May,all,GnocchiCotti,"Looks cool, neat aesthetic. But the gameplay is clunky and it wears thin very fast. Very much form over function."
76561198263722205,Not Recommended,208750,24509563,"Posted: 24 July, 2016",all,wilsonhuang2314,I got stuck on one of the parts.
76561198042628317,Not Recommended,208750,28759822,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,Bobywan,Gameplay is horrible !
76561198148395358,Not Recommended,208750,31708650,Posted: 12 May,all,Ozy Bozy,Should be more simple.
76561198028026464,Not Recommended,208750,32419039,Posted: 14 June,all,kebab thief,"Runs at below ten frames per second on a high end PC. Unplayable. Maybe this is for some reason an issue exclusive to me, but I can't recommend it in such conditions."
,Not Recommended,208750,28400525,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,the hollywood hootsman,"greek mythology truely is asounding, however this game doesnt tickle my fancy, downvoted!"
76561198017216024,Recommended,208750,17089019,"Posted: 17 July, 2015",all,IIIWolowizardIII,Kill gods and mythic creatures throw thunderbolts upgrade your armor craft stuff and upgrade weapon skills to be even more powerfulall in all a Very fun game that i say can be replayed many many timesmy personal rating 10/10
,Recommended,208750,17094910,"Posted: 17 July, 2015",all,M Joshua,"Apotheon is brilliantly awkward. The raw physicality of Nikandrios’ movement meshes with the Grecian Urn Art world. The abundance of butts, breasts, and♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥also captures the naked ambition of a game that’s faithful to the Ancient Greek source material. 8.5/10Full Review:http://plus10damage.com/blog/2015/2/19/apotheon-review-the-body-of-a-greek-god"
,Recommended,208750,17100527,"Posted: 17 July, 2015",all,Orthodox,"This game is so good, it deserves a sequel. Or another game with its art and style."
,Recommended,208750,17393781,"Posted: 4 August, 2015",all,chewfeather,"A well-rounded game whose uniqueness runs much deeper than just its highly-stylized visuals. Apotheon's basic elements are shared with countless other games-- the platforming, combat, exploration, and quest-based advancement elements will feel immediately familiar to many gamers-- but its creators have clearly put a lot of time and love into building a novel experience on top of that common foundation. The game's numerous scenarios provide varied challenges that demand equally varied approaches; at numerous points, it's very clear that the game's designers and developers took the time to create something striking in terms of both visuals and gameplay, rather than falling back to what would have been the 'easy' and expected thing to do. All throughout the game, I continued to be surprised and pleased by the unexpected new mechanics introduced just to make a single boss-fight or puzzle or challenge really stand out and adhere to its deity's theme.Apotheon's not flawless. At points, its physics-based combat system can get clumsy and repetitive and easily exploited, its take on the Greek pantheon is sometimes unsatisfying and shallow and burdened by modern stereotypes unreflective of the source material, and its equipment system sometimes feels designed to punish the player for using the equipment they want to use. However, the overall experience, mood, and visuals really do bring something unique and enjoyable to the table, and I feel I got more than fair value out of the time and money spent on this game."
76561197995914259,Recommended,208750,17403323,"Posted: 5 August, 2015",all,Wodan,Bloody Brilliant game!!!!!!!
,Recommended,208750,18015296,"Posted: 13 September, 2015",all,PiT,"Really great game. Finished on normal difficulty in about 12 hours with every achievement except for the one about the higher difficulty.Loved the artstyle, the combat and weapon systems and the dialogues, very well made. Maybe the ending was kinda weak, but apart from that, it surely is a game that I've enjoyed thoroughly.Just a couple bugs here and there but none of them game-breaking; exploring is well compensated and the game is overall hard but fair.Highly recommended."
76561198116968416,Recommended,208750,19550430,"Posted: 7 December, 2015",all,Dream_In_A_Dream,"I dun kno y i'm lagging, but i'm shure ma computa did'y made from wrood, anyway it's a good game. If you want someting to play along with the old skull feel, this is suggested for you."
,Recommended,208750,19557427,"Posted: 7 December, 2015",all,Nagelfar,"If it played just a little tighter, Apotheon would be brushing up against greatness. As it stands, it's stunning to look at and a pleasure to play, and what flaws it does have can be easily overlooked by anyone looking for something smart and stylish."
,Recommended,208750,19331496,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,Vector,"A truly remarkable game with exceptional graphics concept. Would buy again, for the graphics alone, its a breath of fresh air."
76561198098417135,Recommended,208750,19347151,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,TheZuma,"This is one of the greatest games i've played.The game itself, as in the ""playing part"" is very good too, but what really makes this game amazing is the story.The story is uniqe, and the missions are highly variatedI recommend this game fully, if you want a game with a great story, and if you love greek mythology"
76561198064724789,Recommended,208750,19303659,"Posted: 27 November, 2015",all,DeviljhOgihci,Ironically when going into this game I thought it was about the Odyssy.Boy was I in for a Joyful Greek hospitality and Naked men and Woman surprise.
76561198122867779,Recommended,208750,19496165,"Posted: 5 December, 2015",all,Fungal Infection,"8/10- Really awesome-Apotheon is an ancient Greek artstyled game and has such a unque feel to it. The the story is interesting but is pretty meh. The world you can explore is fantastic with exellently voiced NPCs, music and an awesome and extensive loot/weapon collecting system. The overall gameplay and combat is great but you may find the controls being a bit flimsily formatted.Please get this game, the artstyle alone is worth it!"
,Not Recommended,208750,19499852,"Posted: 5 December, 2015",all,Auspicious Signs,"This is not a bad game, but it isn't good enough to warrant a definition recommendation.So far I'm a couple of hours in.- Combat is floaty and underwhelming and some attacks take a lot of time to 'wind up', which is especially frustrating against fast moving enemies. This is especially annoying in my current level filled with fast moving wolves.- Navigating between weapons in a fast paced combat is difficult and fiddly, but I'm on a controller. There isn't a function to map different weapons to D-pad, so you have to navigate to a menu item whilst being attacked in real time.- Boss fights are either not challenging, or a grind fest. For example, the boss I'm on has turned me into a deer and I have to dodge her arrows. Too bad she teleports - There's no real strategy involved for this boss match at least.- While the levels are visually distinct in colour themes and have good immersive music, they offer no variation in terms of gameplay. Most places have interchangeable map design.- Because each level is its own 'zone', there's little internal variation *within* levels, it's difficult to locate oneself and explore. The fast running and scrolling means you can move fast through the level, but actually counteracts exploring.I bought this on sale, I would not recommend this game for the full price of £10.99. It's a good attempt with some nice mechanics, but falls far short of what it tries to achieve. Overall the game seems to have developed from the art style, rather than the other way around. The game itself seems like a showcase of the pretty sprites and nuggets of the Iliad dotted around.Looking at the Steam achievements one can see that barely a third of all players made it to the end of the first level, so take that as an indication that this game loses its novelty quickly."
76561198129852723,Recommended,208750,19492742,"Posted: 4 December, 2015",all,theloltroll,I cannot put into words how amazing this game is i give it a 10/10 its simply a masterpiece and sadly a hidden gem.
76561198013805038,Recommended,208750,19503886,"Posted: 5 December, 2015",all,Kalsterner,"Nice story, Nice game, the graphics are fine and I enjoyed playing it."
,Recommended,208750,30642277,Posted: 20 March,all,Gal Sektleder,"Simple and fun game. Worth a buy and test.Pros:-Unique and nice art style-Simple and somewhat good gameplay.-Fitting length, the game doesn't get boring.Cons:-The combat system can be a bit wonky. Especially the shield had a tendency to aim away from the incoming projectiles...-The story is pretty straight forward and simple."
76561198119059792,Recommended,208750,19523755,"Posted: 6 December, 2015",all,ironjaw3d,GREAT GAME
,Recommended,208750,19438759,"Posted: 2 December, 2015",all,dimi,"A great 2D metroidvania game with a gorgeous art style, great music and voiceovers, and thanks to these, a charming atmosphere. The combat is fun and diverse with lots of weapons and items, if you care to find them, which is an easy task. All the gods have unique environments and ways to ""defeat"" them. I wholeheartedly recommend it."
,Not Recommended,208750,16645481,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,Moonlight,"Word of warning: This game is basically unplayable on a laptop, including ones made for gaming. The framerate drops like a rock when you start playing the game. I have no other pros/cons since I couldn't play the game."
76561197974458082,Recommended,208750,19451822,"Posted: 2 December, 2015",all,fox,"do far this game is a simple but well developed graphical game, INDY games are always the best. they will suprise you.ONE negitive thing to say is the position of the ouse in fighting. but still very easy to move and kill."
76561198029684842,Recommended,208750,19452204,"Posted: 2 December, 2015",all,Eliodoloro,"Fantastic art, nice selection of weapons, overall fun. The story and art will be immersive and engaging to all who are interested in Ancient Greece. The controls are a bit unweildy at first and every time you think about them, but you can really get into them if you let yourself. I ended up loving them by the end. Boss fights are fun and varied, exploration is generally rewarded, and combat is fun! Give it a shot."
76561197980156403,Recommended,208750,19555512,"Posted: 7 December, 2015",all,Csta,"One of the best platformer games I've ever played. The atmosphere, the story, the art, the music, the gameplay. It's all sooo very good! Very dynamic and unique. I don't return to many games, but eventually I will return to this one and try to finish all the achievements. 10/10"
76561198044097723,Recommended,208750,19538895,"Posted: 6 December, 2015",all,SilentJay,Great game with some very nice visuals. The art style is on point and the story is a good one.
76561197981907219,Recommended,208750,19535174,"Posted: 6 December, 2015",all,Mr_Vinegar,One word. WOW. surprising. thats two. 8/10
76561198022561209,Recommended,208750,19554855,"Posted: 7 December, 2015",all,tom_trottel,"Well. I make it short.This, in my humble opinion, is a classic of superb quality in its own league.I  saw the design.I saw the game play.I got it at once.I flashed on it hard."
76561198035152604,Recommended,208750,19586476,"Posted: 9 December, 2015",all,Graeculus Magnus,"Beautiful, Educational, Enjoyable !!!"
76561198036061187,Recommended,208750,18735535,"Posted: 28 October, 2015",all,Sir EEKS the 1st,"2D platformer game, Unique, Lots to do, and tons of fun!! The storyline is pretty cool to watch and immerse yourself in."
76561198074470086,Recommended,208750,18470557,"Posted: 14 October, 2015",all,JoshyMufasa,"Cool metroidvania-ish type game with surprisingly fun and unique combat, beautiful art style, great music, and awesome boss battles. A must play."
76561198068143105,Recommended,208750,18509657,"Posted: 16 October, 2015",all,Megapupsieskalat,<3<3<3
76561197993332388,Recommended,208750,16110158,"Posted: 31 May, 2015",all,Malice,"Unique art style, enchanting soundtrack, good voice acting, story and details true to Greek mythology. Very entertaining, yet another gem of a game."
,Recommended,208750,18664358,"Posted: 24 October, 2015",all,Midian_Minos,The graphics in this game are outstanding.  The gameplay is solid.  A good buy at any price.
,Recommended,208750,18590699,"Posted: 20 October, 2015",all,giljaysmith,"Lovely art direction, that's the first thing you notice about Apotheon. Then you notice the slightly janky combat system, although this improves with practice (and when you get more powerful weapons). The level design is imaginative, although the fundamentals of buildings and furniture don't change that much. Good boss fights (except for the running-deer one which highlights the difficulty of moving downwards). And good ending. Overall, good-to-very-good, and worth a shot."
76561198142189052,Recommended,208750,18826902,"Posted: 1 November, 2015",all,Big_B_Wolf,"The concept of a greek mythology-inspired game may sound run-of-the-mill, but Apotheon is anything but. The game is a metroidvania type of action-platformer, but uses very little rpg elements, which simplifies the mechanics for players new to the genre.Your character does not level up, rather he gains extra health/protection and powers by upgrading his armor and weapons, and even honing his skill with select weapons such as the xiphos (sword) or spear.You move with the standard WASD, but use the mouse to aim, attack and block; this can be confusing for players who haven't experienced this type of controls, and this ends up muddling the combat. Often, the player will be stabbing blindly at the air, simply because the cursor isn't at the proper elevation. Likewise, this can affect the player's speed when moving if the cursor isn't in the direction the player is headed.The combat is not turn based, and most enemies can be dealt with only a few strikes of a sword or spear. However, enemies can pile up quickly and this is bothersome as running away is seldom a viable option considering the difficulties linked to platforming. The player is armed with only a modest jump and a stunted ledge grab to go through the levels.The visual style is deceptively modest, taking on the the style of ancient greek pottery of colour-on-black. The characters move mostly fluidly, bar some repeated motions during dialogues, and the background is almsot always filled with  ancient greek forests, cities and the like.Overall, Apotheon is a game that will frustrate the player in order to push them to do their best. The sometimes frustrating combat mechanics or platforming physics are easily overshadowed by the amazing visuals, immersive story and engaging gameplay."
,Recommended,208750,18824228,"Posted: 1 November, 2015",all,Skalfing,"This game is a masterpiece. The art is so pretty, the thematic so amazing and the gameplay really really fun!! Totally recommended!"
76561198036298117,Recommended,208750,16508648,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,Mojo.91,Good.
,Recommended,208750,18166947,"Posted: 23 September, 2015",all,Pacsuta,"Holy mother of power fantasies, this game is amazing.The story is based on ancient Greek mythology, though it is not the game's strongest point. The combat is very satisfying and generally fantastic. It reminds me very much of the combat system in Dark Souls, but instead, it's in 2D.The player takes the role of Nikandreos, who wakes up in the middle of a siege on his home village by bandits. After killing these bandits, you learn that the gods have forsaken humanity and no longer wish for them to exist. Upon going into the temple, Hera appears in front of Nikandreos and tells him that they could form a partnership. She has had enough of Zeus cheating on her with other deities and even mortals, while Nikandreos has an interest in humanity not being wiped out. Hera teleports Nikandreos to the gates of Olympus, where he is tasked with gathering the strenght of all the major gods around and prepare to overthrow Zeus, the king of gods, himself.As you can see from the pictures and the trailers, the game has a unique artstyle in that it looks like ancient Greek pots. The soundtrack supports this artstyle and setting very well and the sound effects are very good.One thing to note with this game is that the bossfights are very cool and unique. This does not go for minibosses sadly, as they're mainly just something bigger than everything else and otherwise behave as all others.Overall, I had a blast."
,Recommended,208750,19053722,"Posted: 13 November, 2015",all,Niko,"its literaly fighting the greek gods becuase why not, its kinda fun and not super long the one thing that bugs me are the controls but you get used to them, definatly worth it if you like 2d sidescrollers and the game's on slale"
76561198271753234,Recommended,208750,30325898,Posted: 4 March,all,Frostii,"An awsome experience with great combat, bosses and an breathtaking level design with plenty to explore in each level, making it great for completionists speedrunners and the average player alike. The story on top of that is awsome and makes you genuinley feel like you're a character in a greek myth with an ending that left me speechless(not spoiling it).Overall it's a great experience which is defintley worth the $15, Don't make the same mistake I made with taking the long wait for it to be on sale, IT IS A MUST BUY!5/5 A great experience that we're lucky is at this low of a price for this good of an experience."
,Recommended,208750,17884084,"Posted: 4 September, 2015",all,Mjhakes,i really like it but i wish there was more content. it keept me coming back for more but eventualy there wasnt anything to come back to
76561198115721839,Recommended,208750,17327086,"Posted: 31 July, 2015",all,Savitar,excellent game.  beautiful artwork and a lot of detail put into the game even as it is 2D.
76561198093532014,Recommended,208750,17328861,"Posted: 1 August, 2015",all,Xenobunny,"Get this game. I beat it this evening and felt imensly satasfied. It has an exellent level of challenge and the adventure has left me with the same sense of achievment that I would take away with a legend of zelda game.The size of this dev team after going through the credits is inspiring. A small crew to make a masterfull game. Their list of voice actors is extensive though :D.Lastly, if you enjoy smash bros like multiplayer. then get online with your friends. Its a halarious good time. DARU SPEARS BABY! ""My hands are shakin and I'm still getting head shots."""
76561197995086333,Recommended,208750,17524676,"Posted: 13 August, 2015",all,Destiny883,"Apotheon was a very pleasant surprise. It didn't impress me much at first, but now I'm of a totally different opinion. Truly a great game, full of fast-paced platforming action and amazing voice acting."
,Recommended,208750,17567638,"Posted: 16 August, 2015",all,AnthonyDa,"Ever wondered what it takes to kick the♥♥♥♥♥of all the God of Olympus ?Well this game tells it all, and it a great way.My only complain is that the game is quite short (6h to finish the game, add 2/3 more hours of gameplay to unlock all the secret). But if you want you get do a new game+ and double the fun !"
76561198138741294,Recommended,208750,17569980,"Posted: 16 August, 2015",all,burnellcaleb,"Secrets around every corner, amazing art style, interesting story, hours of gameplay, amazing combat system, there is so much to do in Apotheon and i highly recommend this game to anyone and everyone who enjoys stories, art, adventure, and games."
76561198047573606,Recommended,208750,17589634,"Posted: 17 August, 2015",all,mi.brithos,Absolutely amazing.
76561198029671191,Recommended,208750,16806430,"Posted: 30 June, 2015",all,Mackan Edmanski,"Definitely one of the best games I've played in a while, a very immersive story aswell as great combat, well done."
,Recommended,208750,16445104,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,caseyc (VEGAN),"First impressions after playing a couple hours.-Good 2-D graphics and art (but too many areas look very similar, just different colors)-Good combat, weapons long-short ranged, shields and abilities-Good area maps and direction indictors so not walking around trying to figure out where to go or what to do next.-Good music, history and atmosphere.-Can get a bit repetitive after a hour or so, best in smaller doses.It reminds me of the game Outland, as far as 2-D gameplay.  Its not the best game on the market, but if searching for something different, you have the time-its easy to pick up and play in quick short doses and for a reasonable price then its certainly worthwhile.8.5/10 based on price, style and for basic indie game standards."
76561198073745162,Recommended,208750,16446565,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,MightyManGamer,"I just bought this game a few days ago for like $3.  This game is a very good game. I was able to completely play through it in like 10 hours, but It was well worth the money if on sale. A story line of you overthrowing the Gods of Olympus, very good story, very good lore.  Great graphics/sounds. Combat is great.  Huge variety of weapons and modifiers (regular vs heroic) grade weapons.  Lot's of fighting style. Great bosses, and hidden places everywhere.  The game was challenging, but not overly so to the point where I couldn't advance. There is Champion difficulty if you are a masochist.  Very good game, very epic, a little short. But a perfect weekend distraction."
,Recommended,208750,16662346,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,TheInsidiousOne,"Apotheon is a 2d sidescrolling metroidvania style God of War with better art and better researched mythology than any game I've played.  Combat is tight, tense, and intuitive, and there's plenty to do and see in this beautifully crafted world.9.5/10, buy it ASAP."
,Recommended,208750,16662734,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,TeeGR,Interesting RPG game with cool visuals. If you like Greek/Roman mythology you will enjoy it. The game is not that long unless you're an acheivment hunter. Took me about 7 hours to beat on medium difficulty
76561198116688139,Recommended,208750,16663932,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,Jun-Kairos,"i really love this game despite it's faults in movements... great dialogue that doesn't take up too much gameplay, lovely design overall, just a really great concept... however there seems to be an issue with the way the main character moves and i'm not sure that it's present for all systems... i watched a tutorial on Hades because of difficulty I had with my character's stance and jump... this was not present in the PS4 version of the game i watched. play station players are able to take small steps whereas my play is more like a large step and bad reaction time, it might be in part to computer lag, but i'm very skeptical about that being the only reason. unfortunately, it makes crossing the river of Phlegethon akin to winning the lottery. shame really, cause this is a great game. i'll definitely play it on something else. really that is prety much the game's only fault. everything else i really love."
,Recommended,208750,17114868,"Posted: 18 July, 2015",all,Cross-Section,"There's precious little to critique about this 2D action platformer; the action is varied (weapon-wise, at least) and visceral, the art stylized in a fine Grecian style that manages to stay fresh between areas, and the story classical and well-paced. If I would complain about anything, I'd wish that the combat was perhaps a bit more forgiving, but given that I was never in danger of running out of money for repairs and supplies, I guess I can't complain too much. 5/5"
76561197997821723,Recommended,208750,17900810,"Posted: 5 September, 2015",all,Fayetal,"-I have not beaten the game-I played up to a point where i found it to hard to go on. But before that happened, the game is a great, mystical game that honestly feels like you are watching a wall painting play out. The weapon system is hard to get used to but damn when you get used to it, its great. Great game, must own."
76561198176370034,Recommended,208750,16578614,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,charimiel,"TLDR; 10/10, it's worth owning.Fist off, this game is one of the most beautiful games I've ever played. The art style is incredible, with a greek pottery vibe that I adore. The effect of the screen cracking when you get injured is a genius addition, and the 2D simplicity with the perfect colour schemes... well, I could go on for hours, but you get the point.The mythological aspect of the game is amazingly well done, I adore greek mythos and this is one of the best representations I've seen in a long time. Playing as Hera's champion against Zeus- perfect. It balances accuracy with interest perfectly, with occasional optional text to view from the original sources, such as homeric hyms.The soundtrack is perfect for the game, fitting incredibly well with the different scenes, and I'm actually about to buy the soundtrack dlc since it's on sale at the moment. The voice acting is fairly good, and if it's not your thing you can skip the speaking by clicking/pressing space/some other control if not on keyboard.I would guess that the fighting in this game works best with a controller, it's not impossible with a mouse but it takes  a bit of getting used to. If there's one tip I can give you, it's not to button mash/click repeatedly. Your attacks will lose power, and you won't even hit them most of the time - make sure you time your attacks carefully and vary your weapon choices, and keep on your toes to face your attacker!Overall a solid 10/10 for this game- I bought it on sale, but I'd say it's worth the full price, or at least worth putting on your wishlist until it comes on sale again."
,Recommended,208750,16551873,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,praktiko,"Nice Game. If you play it straight through with only looking left and right a little bit, you're finished within 6 hours. But if you want to explore and complete all the side missions, it will take a lot more time. I loved the style and the different weapons and armor.Can be played very aggressive (i.e. killing everyone) or very calm and sneaky.8/10"
76561198077434372,Recommended,208750,16508355,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,Mindshadow,"Picked up this game in the Summer Steam Sale - I'd never heard of it before then, and wow, was I missing out apparently. This is one of the best platformers I've played in a while, and certainly the most distinctive in art style that I've ever played, period. The whole style of the game looks like any given scene from it could be painted on the side of a Greek vase, and it's this 2D art styling that really gives the game its unique quality, coupled with a solid soundtrack and voice acting, it really sell the 'world' of Apotheon.The combat system is very solid (though it takes some getting used to) and there are tons of weapons, most of which you'll have to use because there is a breakage mechanism so you'll eventually (or quickly) bust your preferred one if you use it too heavily. Sometimes it can feel a little clunky, but when it works, it works well - there's nothing quite as amusing as smacking a cyclops in the back of the head with a boulder or trading spear thrusts with a demigod (or introducing Ares to 'sticky bombs'... heh heh).If I had one thing to criticize, it would be that the game doesn't checkpoint except when you move between areas, so with the levels being very large, this can be a minor problem, at least early on when you might get murdered by beastmen in a swamp or something. You can save whenever you want out of combat, but this convenience feature actually feels like kind of a downside when the game is as immersive as Apotheon is. Popping out to the menu to save so you don't lose too much progress on an oops really breaks the rhythm of it.But that's a minor problem in a game that's otherwise fantastic."
,Recommended,208750,16511697,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,spaceman,"Apotheon is a good game; not great, just good.Aesthetically, it's a gem. Both art and music are excellent and provide a consistent experience.Mechanically, the game is so-so. Combat and platforming feel uncomfortable; they aren't game-breaking but it certainly can be annoying (one of my complains of Capsized, another game by the same developers). Combats can be a little unforgiving, but have occasional great moments (I felt like being in300). I just hope the developers perfect the feeling of the controls for further games, they don't feel quite right.Level and boss design are just fantastic and work very well with each god's characteristics. No two boss fight feel like the same. They are innovative and fun.The game also provides a very simple crafting system that I rarely had to use (except for the two default recipes: ahealthandshieldregenerators); in fact, I became aware other recipes existed at 80% of my playthrough.Also, Apotheon tries very little to remind the player of the different side missions.TL;DRSeveral design flaws push Apotheon away from being an astonishing game. Nevertheless, it's a worthy experience worth playing.7 / 10"
,Recommended,208750,16516052,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,Ser Rebral Palsy,"Pretty fun game, optional hard mode if its too easy for you.Combat is pretty fun, especially when enemies fly across the screen.  The artstyle is by far the best part about it though, really immersive.  If you like ancient greek mythology then you'll love this game!"
,Recommended,208750,16518531,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,Some Guy Called Red,doing this for badge
76561198116314115,Recommended,208750,16605507,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,Majorian's Mask,"Creative and beautiful artstyle, great gameplay, hard as nails!"
76561198109504016,Recommended,208750,16608235,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,Clae,
,Recommended,208750,16611172,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,Huxley,"One of the better indie releases this year, for sure. It's an action platformer with unique controls and combat mechanics. The controls do take a bit of time to get used to, they could be a bit more precise and responsive, but once you get the hang of it the platforming shouldn't be any problem and the combat will become really fun. Especially during boss fights, which are really well thought out. The combat basically involves swiging your weapon and blocking with your shield at the right time and switching between your melee and ranged weapons when needed. Enemies are fairly competent too, so it keeps you on your toes and encourages you to try out all the special weapons the game gives you.It's not quite metroidvania style as in you don't really gain additional mobility from killing bosses, but the game has two main hubs connected to several other areas you can complete in more or less any order you want. Areas will offer a lot of different challenges, the game never outlasts its welcome that way. The visual style is just plain amazing and the soundtrack is also very fitting, offering brilliant orchestral arrangements.All in all an extremely good game. The only gripe I have with it is the fact that the controls aren't as finely tuned as they could be and the game, at least on my machine, suffers from performance issues on higher settings, while it really shouldn't."
,Recommended,208750,16615375,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,MyNicknameIsLongerThanYours,"Pro:Unique art style and amazing aesthetics.Glorious 2D platforming.Weighty control with deep combat mechanisms (timed block, combat roll, cancelling etc).Exploration, side missions and hidden secrets.Switch between controller and M&K as you like.Cons:Item durability is a chore.Using the Hermes' wand-ish thing (one of the most useful weapon in the game) in the stage of Zeus is bound to crash the game.Did I mention item durability?"
76561198065175434,Recommended,208750,16616993,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,Picnic,"Open levels, focus on combat, art style you don't see in games, good music. I got into it more than I thought I would."
76561198122395808,Recommended,208750,16497381,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,Nopefish,"+Astonishing design+Atmosphere+Combat and weapon system (finally something different!)+Sound(-track)+Content to explore even after the story is over-Pretty short story (I'm now done after ~9h and I can tell you I didn't rush or hurry..)-Multiple crashes and glitches (getting stuck in a wall so you have to restart the game, not too bad but a bit annoying, on Mac at least)-Movement, especially jumping and rolling, was a bit too bulky for my taste. There are parts in the game [SPOILER WARNING] in Athenas temple where you have to jump and dodge etc. and with the current movement set these were more annoying than enjoyable.Overall a cool looking nice game, would totally buy again. I did very much enjoy the experience and the game is certainly as mentioned before not over just because the story is.You should totally get this one if you're into mythology and nice game design. 8/10"
76561198023194358,Recommended,208750,16498211,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,GEM,"Superb aesthetics, even though the gameplay is designed for people with a mouse and a US keyboard (but, at least, you can remap keys manually if you're running a US keyboard).Highly recommended!"
76561198070317841,Recommended,208750,16405888,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,Publius Scipio Africanus,"Very nice art style. Very well done, low replayabliltiy, but there is a lot a of game play."
,Recommended,208750,16405895,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,blind,"Well, if you are an apassionist of ancient Greet culture, you are recommended to check this game out! Although the story line is not related to any Greek myth we are familiar to, the ambient and the missions bring us back to that epic game. The ending is rather though-provoking! Journey with the protagonist and turn away from gods!"
,Recommended,208750,16407988,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,Captain DukeBeard,"Fantastic game, it's combat system is fun to use and the greek mythology is well used in this game. Bought it and spent 5 consecutive hours playing it."
,Recommended,208750,16413018,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,zeecan,"If you like snes classics like castlevania, metroid, link to the past this game is for you."
,Recommended,208750,16464354,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,hahaho635,I like this game. It tells the relationships of the gods as well as abit about the family tree. It also adds flavours from other characters from Greek lore. The names of the weapons also matched to that of Greek times. The boss battles are also epic. The stamina bar is very irritating but its essential to spice up the combat in the game. Good solid indie game. Story is very predictable and linear. The main character does not have a voice but I think it works as you can say whatever you want to the screen and imagine yourself saying this to the Gods or the other characters.8.7/10 I recommend it if you are into Greek lore and epic boss battles
,Recommended,208750,16475444,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,NASA,"I haven't enjoyed a videogame as much as this one in a while. Interesting and unique setting, great soundtrack, a lot of weapons and armour to choose from, interesting different themes and setting, also you'll prolly end up learning quite a bit about Greek mythology, it even has a local multiplayer in 2015! Also can't stress the art style enough, as it's one of the best ones I've seen.Not much to write on on the cons side, I noticed a few bugs where you can glitch through objects, fall out of the map and such but they're mostly in places where you're not really supposed to be anyway. Only really annoying thing was the framerate issue (might've been but don't think it's my rig, since every other stage ran on stable 60 fps) in the central Hades level when you first go down there. It's a bit sad that multiplayer is pretty dead but like I said, local multiplayer makes up for it. Oh and I wish the hardest difficulty would be available from the start, I found Champion a bit too easy.Would buy again/10."
,Recommended,208750,16449827,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,ErbBetaPatched,"The art style is the main reason I bought this. Everything looks like it would be found on an Ancient Greek vase. And then everything got better. It plays like God of War, and the music sounds like it can belong to either game. Jumping does feel weird but once you get a handle for the controls you're in for a great challenge and  great game.Also, deicide. Deicide is fun."
76561198026034522,Recommended,208750,16449842,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,Skaru,"I loved this game. The gamplay is very good, I absolutely love the art style. But what really lets this game shine is the story. It took me a total of 11 hours to play it trough and it didn't get repetitive. The music is also very good I bought the soundtrack. As a note I bought everything at -50% found it to be worth it."
,Recommended,208750,16453952,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,Sparifankerl,"Features Dark Souls's evasive rolls, a TF2-like damage-based ragdoll system and raging satyr boners (just like the album cover of Slayer's Reign In Blood) - I see no reason not to buy this game."
76561198077719495,Recommended,208750,16462104,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,babydollpinup,"Fabulous game that has an interesting storyline, enjoyable combat, very creative sets to explore, and is balanced out with a bit of puzzle solving. I love the Greecian style of this game! It is very entertaining and worth buying at full price. You could even agrue this game is a bit educational as the player must interact with many Greecian dieties."
,Recommended,208750,16428276,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,Lugos,"believe me, you wanna buy this for its music and artwork at least."
,Recommended,208750,16428780,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,Scissors#2829,"Visually amazing, and the fighting system feels great, a bit short, but a good game"
76561198032158662,Recommended,208750,16387093,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,Darius Warden,I downloaded this game and luckily got it from a sale. It turned out to be one of my favorite games of all time. The combat and art direction are amazing. The voice acting is amazing and so is the story.This is a gem of a game and every PC gamer should get the chance to play it.It's also one of the best games I have ever played and is near flawless. Not to mention it is the also the best God of War game ever made. See for yourself.
,Recommended,208750,16108395,"Posted: 31 May, 2015",all,2 Bad,"https://youtu.be/HTdtv-DlyLUIf you like scrolling platformer games, you'll like this one. If you actively dislike scrolling platformer games, you'll LIKE this one. It's more of an action RPG that takes its cues from side-scrolling platformers but doesn't really fit the bill. You have to actually make an effort to hit people and attack. You can block, switch weapons, craft potions and other stuff.Did I mention the graphics? Well, time to do that now: they're awesome. Besides the clear indication that this has a lot of Greek wall-art graphics to it, it is completely shaded. There are natural shadows, great animations and particle effects.There's atmospheric music and competent voice-over work.It's also pretty cheap so what are you waiting for? GET IT!"
,Recommended,208750,15704826,"Posted: 5 May, 2015",all,DarkWingDuck,"I reccommend this game, but with a few notes.It's difficult to play with the computer controls. I'd reccomend having a controller to play. The other neutral things I'd have to say about this game is it does get a bit reptitive, and can be finished in about 12 hours or so.Otherwise, the music and graphics are absolutely stunning. I've never experienced a game that is as uniquely artistic as this one is.All in all, I did enjoy, I just wish there was more!"
,Recommended,208750,16025787,"Posted: 27 May, 2015",all,ThanatoS,"I recommend the game, especially if you buy it on sale, as I did.+ nice graphics and audio effects, appropriate for the story+ a different kind of platformer+ many missions to accomplish- after moving the game to another steam library (on another HDD) I lost all my save-games; apparently sync with the Steam Cloud didn't work- I'd prefer to play it with the gamepad, but it wasn't possible because of the many controls involved; it was much easier for me to use keyboard and mouse"
,Recommended,208750,16081861,"Posted: 30 May, 2015",all,Kannapa,"I could sit back and watch this be played and be happy, the style just pulls me in.https://youtu.be/60Xgn9sNYzE"
,Recommended,208750,16323013,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,Raymoo,"Firstly. my review mostly lists the problems I had, since you're probably already interested in the game for whatever reason and wondering what might be bad about it.  I definitely played the game all the way through and enjoyed it, especially the boss fights.  The art style is brilliant, and the story is interesting enough (although I don't expect anything epic from a platformer).  I played with an Xbox 360 controller and the movement and controls are mostly solid.The combat was a bit awkward.  It's just impractical to try to aim your weapon AND shield properly with the right thumbstick at the same time while moving around with the left.  I never got used to it.  The weapon switching with a controller is a joke too.  It's impossible to accurately choose one of dozens of weapons with the d-pad in the middle of combat.   You have to pause the game and switch in the inventory screen if you don't want to be carved up while finding the right weapon.  The being said, the combat does take a little bit of brains to know when to attack and with what against whom.My biggest problem was the weapon/shield breaking mechanic.  Some weapons are more useful against a lot of foes, and some are kind of niche.  You tend to want to save the useful ones for potentially harder fights because they break so fast.  This means sometimes you're using terrible weapons against certain weaker foes just to hold onto the good weapons.  Shields break way too fast for you to be blocking with any regularity as well.  You do get a fair bit of replacement weapons, but you never know when the next good weapon or good shield is coming up, so I tended to try to conserve, which threw any battle strategy in the trash (there are so many health potions you can just keep healing instead of fighting well).  I feel like it would be a lot more fun if at least shields (and preferably weapons) were indestructible, because then you could use the weapons/shields to fit the strategy per enemy instead of playing resource management.  It's not unplayable by any means, just a moderate annoyance."
,Recommended,208750,19630877,"Posted: 11 December, 2015",all,[SFW]Captain Chillin™,"Apotheon, a game of art and challenging game levels.Apotheon is a game with basic flaws. It is a game about a man who is destined to become a God by killing the Gods that turned their back from humanity. The Gods have desecrated their promises to the humans and now they left humanity in utter chaos.The game has very basic controls that need to get used to if you're new to side scrolling games.Apotheon has one of the most beautiful graphics I have ever seen in a game. It is truly a work of art and a true masterpiece. The game's graphics has the type of art that ancient greek vases have. I like that ancient and mythical feel to the game.The game has a very nice soundtrack that sets the mood in each place that you visit.I warn players that become angry easily to hard games because this game is very challenging in some levels, but it adds to the realism and fun of it.The game is beautiful and aesthetic and because of this I give this game a 9/10. I wish it was longer and it had more awesome quests that involve more player freedom.Buy this game! It wont dissapoint! I promise!"
,Recommended,208750,19632139,"Posted: 11 December, 2015",all,Spirits | MSYB!,"With an awesome and unique asthetik, and a very well executed, though little innovative fighting mechanic, Alientrap delivers a great side-scrolling fighting game. Definite recommend."
,Recommended,208750,19707484,"Posted: 14 December, 2015",all,Sly,"This game is amazing so far!The art style, music, voices, mythology is really good!I expected it to be some short and repetitive game but it feels like a mini RPG."
76561198071377891,Recommended,208750,19705771,"Posted: 14 December, 2015",all,GringoGaming,"This game... This game is amazing. And let em explain why!BEUTIFULL art style... this is one of the biggest strengths for this game.Good gameplay. The gameplay is as you would expect witha  hack and slash, but certain mechanics with weapons make this game polished.If you like greek art or mythology... or just like pretty games BUY THIS GAME! You wont regret it!"
,Recommended,208750,19706196,"Posted: 14 December, 2015",all,Ninjaxenomorph,"I was NOT prepared to like this game as much as I did.First off, let's start off with the cons:-Combat can be a little floaty-hitboxes and weapon attacks assume a fighting style slightly slower than what we havePros:-Absolutely gorgeous artstyle-Story straight out of Greek Myth, with a lot of gods-Best feeling of the hero gaining power I have played. A bit subjective, but when I started, the game was somewhat difficult: you have to rely on health drops from the environment and enemies, you treasure your weaponry, and you scour the environment for every armor pickup. But, you can realize the endgame. Before long you have armor forged by demigods, weapons wielded by heroes, powers of gods, and enough potions to make Bacchus blush. And its FUN getting there.-Despite the cons mentioned above, the combat is still pretty fun.All in all, recommended. It's a fun action-adventure-RPG, and it feels like you're playing a Greek myth."
,Recommended,208750,19630587,"Posted: 11 December, 2015",all,StickNik,"An excellent 2D platformer that I hope to play again on the unlocked harder difficulty.Pretty fun and solid combat system is complimented well by the ancient greek art and story styles, and while I was fairly happy with general combat with a decent variety in enemies, I think the uniqueness of different boss battles was my favourite part of the game.I'm hoping that the free multiplayer version of the game develops well as I would greatly enjoy thrashing my friends in this :)"
76561198006697740,Recommended,208750,19666713,"Posted: 12 December, 2015",all,fatalcharm410,"Love this game, especially the Arena it is so much fun.  It nice to have some side scrolling pvp without having to hit 360 on the dpad and press a button."
76561198047145740,Recommended,208750,19658948,"Posted: 12 December, 2015",all,Synton,One of the best metroidvania i've ever played!+ Greek Mythology+ Art style and soundtrack+ Unique tactics for each boss+ Lots of weapons- Combat is a bit clunky
76561198073065052,Recommended,208750,19668097,"Posted: 12 December, 2015",all,[PhD]Haliax,"This game is simply put beautiful. The stylised art is beutifully detailed, the soundtrack fits this game like a glove and adds to every moment of it, all the npcs are perfictaly depicted down to the last detail, and the plot/gameplay fully immerses the player. I got it when it was on sale for 4 bucks, but to those of you who read this when it is not on sale 10/10 would purchase for 15."
76561198092428174,Not Recommended,208750,19590501,"Posted: 9 December, 2015",all,crimpy jugs,Seems fun but it crashes a lot. None of my other Steam games have had problems. This game crashes every 15 minutes at least.
,Recommended,208750,19591204,"Posted: 9 December, 2015",all,TrollMagnet,MASTERPIECE!do not believe that peeps keep saying 'controls are bad'. ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t. CONTROLS ARE PRETTY GOOD! idk what they expect..give a break the other crap games and get into a REAL ART!
,Recommended,208750,19641407,"Posted: 11 December, 2015",all,Attic,"OK it's fair to say I'm a big fan of Ancient Greece and Greek Mythology but even so, this is a really fun platformer action game, reminiscent of the old platformer 'Gods' although this is only focused on Greece.So far it's been very entertaining, the story is simple but compelling and thematically the game is excellent. The music, art style, characters and such is very well done. I only noticed recently that the game levels are actually painted on a rock or plaster surface. Very nice touch. You can tell this has been a labour of love and they haven't bit off more than they can chew in the art direction and design. Initially you may think the simple palette limited compared to the vibrance of contemporary games but actually it is very subtle and it doesn't take too long see why they did it. Awesome work.Gameplay is simple yet varied enough to maintain your interest through the hack'n'slash. There have been a few surprises that have me wondering what else they have up their sleeve. I'm really enjoying the variety of equipment that's all tied back to actual Greek weapons and armour with a few added mythological notes as you'd expect.All in all, a well crafted game. Enough complexity and the difficulty so far has been challenging enough without bumping it up to 'champion' level.Great stuff by the developer to put this all together. And I got it for $5. Go buy this and take a break from the AAA titles!"
,Recommended,208750,19640110,"Posted: 11 December, 2015",all,PaperBoatz,"Got this game for free on PS4, Loved it. Got all the achevments (trophies) on there. Saw that it was on sale here and wanted to support the developers. It was a great game. I'm replaying it on here, still as good as it was the 1st time I played it.-Great art style-Cool story-Challenging gameplay-Great controls ( I mapped them to a gamepad to be near similar to the PS4 version)Definitley worth the moneyNote: They had local multiplayer that I was able to play with a friend online with, using the shareplay feature on ps4. We had a blast!!! Now they have online multiplayer that has more features. It's FREE (Apotheon Arena) here on steam."
76561198028031350,Recommended,208750,15224456,"Posted: 5 April, 2015",all,gabal,"On surface level this is one amazing looking game. Aestethics are insipired by ancient greek vases and that style is present throughout the game (suprisingly, even in end credits).The game can be challenging, button-mashing won't get you really far but once you get a set of weapons you are comfortable with and learn their rhytm you can easily slay even the most difficult enemies.What I especially liked is how varied the levels in this platformer are. Not only aesthetically but also in style of the enemies. And boss battles are really amazing, challenging and unique.I really had a blast with this game and you should deffinetly give it a shot."
76561198122558295,Recommended,208750,15241831,"Posted: 6 April, 2015",all,bladeVantas,"When I started to play this game I expected something a little different but, what I got was very good.Visuals: The greek vase art style is perfect for this game and I never had to ask ""What is that supposed to be?"" and the way they color code is very clear: green for yourself and alies, blue for friendly's, red for enemies and no color for civilians. They also use this great effect when you take a heavy blow, a pottery crack will appear on screen to highlight what just happened.Sound: The music while not necesarily award winning is very good in my opinion and can make the more epic moments of the game even better (I'm planning on getting the soundtrack once I've got some spare cash). The attack sounds clearly punctuate when you make contact with a target and when they make contact with you. I especially like how when a heavy blow is dealt or something dies you get a wooden drum type sound to accentuate what just happened.Gameplay: The combat is a little weird at first and not your typical metroidvania, but that is something that can be said about a lot of games (the little weird part, not the metroidvania part). I will say that Apotheon is better played on a gamepad because, it makes melee combat simpler since you don't have to actively aim your attacks and you have all your primary actions easily accesible at all times; but be sure to have a mouse near-by for the arrow aiming challenges (precise aiming with a joystick in this game is practicaly impossible).I do have a few gripes with the gameplay though. 1. if you want to pick a specific weapon to use, you may have to scroll through all the weapons you have of that type particularly melee and ranged (I never used that many bombs/traps or potions). 2. Even when using a gamepad my character would not be facing the right direction all the time in an intense fight (it was better than manualy aiming with a mouse though) also, the drop off for ranged weapons is probably a little to severe. 3. No wings, go to the acropolis for an explanation. 4. After you unlock most of the items on the blackmarket the screen can't show all the options at once. 5. Some item descriptions can't be entirely displayed unless viewed in the inventory, except one of the notes.But these issues may just be due to limited resources and are more of an issue of how refined the gameplay is.Finally, nearly all the bosses are either ingenious, epic or both and the the ones that fit into any of those categories are more of a test to see if you have a solid handle on the controls (the tutorial boss is a prime example of this). All the bosses are drawn from greek mythology and before you fight most of them, you read a passage of greek mythology to give you some context and an idea of who or what they are as well as what you need to know on how to beat them or what to watch out for. I only remember one or two mediocre bosses but, all these bosses are good examples of what a boss should be in a game. A test of everything you have learned and done to get to them. Not just a normal enemy that is a bit beefier than the others.To sum it up, this game is good, the visuals work perfectly for what this game is trying to be and the gameplay, once you've gotten use to it, it is solid despite it's minor flaws. Anyone who loves greek mythology and would like to see a different play on your average greek story that can make you think. (As you're playing think about the goal and objectives you are completing and ask if you're doing the right thing in context to the world that this is happening in, Classical Greece.) Also, I feel that this game is more greek than God of War is. The only thing you may ask for is a little more content, the game is fairly short. As for a sequel, no; the story prevents the game from having one by wrapping everything up in such a way that a direct sequel would just be tacked on for the sake of their being a sequel. A spiritual successor however, would be perfect. The gameplay was not just greek specific and I could see it being used in a Midieval or feudal Japan setting or if the developers wanted to stick with pantheons of gods norse mythology would be a good idea. The major problem I forsee is that they'd need to figure out a new art style to use. Regardless this game is definetly worth buying and at least finishing through to the end."
76561198168718117,Recommended,208750,14897235,"Posted: 15 March, 2015",all,mikepen0287,"very fun stylized game, if you like the greek pot style and action 2d platformer games then you'll enjoy this game. plays like castlevania"
,Recommended,208750,15207811,"Posted: 4 April, 2015",all,Omnidas,"Honestly one of the best side-scrollers I've gotten the chance to play. The art style caught my eye immediately, reminding me of the Muses' scenes from Disney's Hercules. About a third of the way into the game, the realization that there are hidden shopkeepers, side-quests for items and buffs, and hidden chests scattered all over the game added some depth and diversion from an otherwise straight-forward, linear experience.As a fan of the God of War series, it's interesting to see a similar story implemented in a very different style of art and gameplay. Side-quests involving Dionysus, Aphrodite and Hephaestus were a welcome addition. The magic weapons you find along the way are great, a favorite being a discus that works much like a boomarang. After receiving items from each God and Goddess, you snowball into a powerhouse, which makes the rest of the game a breeze, but ends up making enemies more annoying than challenging.Like any game, there's room for improvement, particularly with items getting stuck into corners and left unreachable to the player, but this was a nice way to spend a weekend. Nicely done Alientrap!"
76561197973237675,Recommended,208750,15208264,"Posted: 4 April, 2015",all,Chaos4u,"This is one of the most utterly beautiful games I have played. Just for the visual aesthetic alone, it is worth playing. However, on top of that, it is a good platformer and simple fighting game with an interesting story. The platforming is challenging but not frustratingly so except in one level that is constantly rotating and it is hard to orient yourself. The fighting is good and simple, without complex combos that would turn me off like in a dedicated fighting game. There is a wide variety of weaponry, but I often stuck with just one or two different setups. Spears in melee for reach and javelins for ranged so I could still use a shield in between shots. As for the story, it is typical Greek gods being self-centered jerks with you having to, literally in most cases, knock some sense into them."
76561198001251929,Recommended,208750,15266088,"Posted: 8 April, 2015",all,KasperKyd,"The gameplay is similar to Guacamelee, much fun, every level has it's unique way of play, lot of places to discover. Music is great, and graphics it's kinda 300 :D"
76561198005056659,Recommended,208750,15148847,"Posted: 31 March, 2015",all,Peanut Cheese Bar,"Excellent Action Platformer that rewards exploration & well-timed fighting skills. The team that put this together clearly put a lot of thought into the depth of the enviornments they created. Really enjoyed the theming, with each god or goddess taken out in a way fitting to their values and skills. Highly recommend"
76561198026485564,Recommended,208750,15165201,"Posted: 1 April, 2015",all,Sgt. Alex,"Great aesthetics, great soundtrack, combat can be a bit hard to get used to but it's very rewarding and bloody when you do. The plot is a bit on the short side but it compensates with a variety of locales, armours and weapons that turns fighting against the Gods into a real pleasure.Overall one of the best purchases I've made.10/10 would become a God again."
76561198174718273,Recommended,208750,15165520,"Posted: 1 April, 2015",all,I'm Who i'm:D,XD
76561198114199579,Recommended,208750,15176406,"Posted: 2 April, 2015",all,Man Bear Geek,This game is simple but super neat
76561198027960342,Recommended,208750,15268391,"Posted: 8 April, 2015",all,c13rek,"This is very decent indie action game, everything is smooth.If you like Greek myth, beautiful graphic and sound, buy it. Recommended!"
,Recommended,208750,15270839,"Posted: 8 April, 2015",all,Asatruer,"A really fun 2D action romp through in the artistic stylings of ancient Greece. Gameplay of platforming, fighting, and occasionally puzzle solving are all pretty good, with lots of collectables in both weapons and varied cosmetics of armor. Story line is pretty straightforward and a bit cliched, but does not detract any from the games fun.Like ancient Greek art, there is no shame here in depictions of nudity. Unlike many modern games trying to be mature and adult with their uses of nudity and sexuality (and often coming across a bit immature), Apotheon handles the many nude statues and people (Satyrs and Dryads for example) in a blasé no big deal fashion. There are more♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥in this game than every other game I have ever played combined, and all with a T for Teen rating."
,Recommended,208750,15128413,"Posted: 30 March, 2015",all,Excavis_maru: Gray Fox,"like greek mythology, like pottery. this game is for you.don't like it? well do you like a buttload of wepons and pilage everything type action plate former then this is for you.Pro:combats goodcan have as many wepons, but how much of a wepon is where you are limitedthe story/voice acting/ animation is greatCons:throwing machinc out side of combat need work,you reading this instead of buying the game"
,Recommended,208750,15299371,"Posted: 10 April, 2015",all,Cobavnij_V4,"Fun game! The Art style of this game is fantastic, and it is definitely immersive with great music. The only thing I don't like is how quickly weapons and shields break."
76561198001676830,Recommended,208750,14351252,"Posted: 6 February, 2015",all,Partixel,"I never normally review games, but DAMN this is good!"
,Recommended,208750,14332396,"Posted: 4 February, 2015",all,SaintDmac,fun as balls. I hope that there is a God of War easter egg in this because face it the storys are basicly the same
76561198004225502,Recommended,208750,14334585,"Posted: 4 February, 2015",all,GeneralBonobo,"A surprisingly good game, it has excellent art design and music, and the combat is relatively fun and entertaining. It feels very much like an old side scroller game but updated to more modern day standards, making it work very well."
,Recommended,208750,14364221,"Posted: 6 February, 2015",all,Johnny Lootgoblin,"Combat can feel a bit sluggish, but once you get used to the swing delay on many weapons, it isnt too bad. Really the controls are pretty fluid, it's just the combat that is a bit unwieldly--wish it were a bit tighter.Beautiful art.7/10 in current state. Just needs combat tightened up a bit."
76561198004037297,Recommended,208750,14375855,"Posted: 7 February, 2015",all,Arachnoides,I've been waiting for this game since I first saw the preview about a year ago. It's simply an outstanding game all around.
76561197997947683,Recommended,208750,14376949,"Posted: 7 February, 2015",all,Tragic Johnson,"As a mammal of few words, this♥♥♥♥♥♥is the♥♥♥♥♥♥ basically."
,Recommended,208750,14342596,"Posted: 5 February, 2015",all,Dr.m4rd3r,"one of the best games i have played for a very long time.gfx style ,story and dialogues (wich are a laugh),are very well crafted and it is obvious that alot of people poured their hearthblood into this masterpiece.way to go Alien Trap. you guys are on my watchlist (the good one) from now on."
,Recommended,208750,14345854,"Posted: 5 February, 2015",all,✔️Horse ebooks,Rad art style.  Fun combat.  Interesting setting.  Worth the money.
76561198120848972,Recommended,208750,14346234,"Posted: 5 February, 2015",all,Mtjam1567,I  havent played the game for very long but i think the game is a very interesting idea and the gameplay is alot of fun. You cant beat the price im sure it will be well worth it.
76561198039131281,Recommended,208750,14346288,"Posted: 5 February, 2015",all,Boli,This is a great game. The hieroglypic graphics give this game an extravagant veneer and the gameplay is fantastic. The story and dialogue really immerse you in the game. A great choice.
,Recommended,208750,14351946,"Posted: 6 February, 2015",all,Ulf,"TL;DR(Complete comment below)PROS+ Beautiful and neat art style (graphics, soundtrack, atmosphere...)+ Great gameplay, controls easy to take in hand+ Great variety in weapons+ Balanced and progressive difficulty+ The PRICE for such a quality gameCONS- Some rare physics glitches (items or arrows stuck in mid-air)- Bosses fight could have had more ""strategical"" aspects- Lacks customization / stats complexity? (Well, that's no RPG, but I would have appreciated some optimization options)- Disappointing ""hardest"" difficulty level, which is quite the same as the ""hard"" difficultyFINALLY...8/10, must have indie game for anyone liking 2D action platformer gameApotheon reminds me that videogames can beWORKS OF ARTon their own, not only for the graphics, the soundtrack, the animations, but by combining all of these to make an amazing and pleasant experience.COMPLETE COMMENTThis game seduced me with its art style (it's not just beautiful, but also neat and refined) and convinced me with its gameplay, which requires well-timed attacks and dodges, using the right weapon / potion at the right time, diving in the melee like a true warrior, and even sometimes avoiding useless fights.After the first mission which could be considered as a tutorial, you'll be able to chose between two difficulty levels:- TheWarrior(easy) one should be adapted for casual gamers and people who want to explore the levels without being threatened much by the enemies- TheChampion(hard) difficulty provides a decent challenge and requires to understand well the fighting mechanics and the different enemies- TheOlympiandifficulty, unlocked when finishing the game once, quite disappointing: it's the same as the Champion one, but without life autoregen when it drops below 50. Don't see the point... Maybe limitting the number of possible saves or save frequency, or giving the enemies more damages / HP would have been great to make this difficulty level worth it.To beat the game, you will be given a variety of weapons with different attack power and range (and sometimes additional effects), but that will break easily, requiring to have a good set of weapons in your inventory before diving in fights. You'll also have armours giving you damage mitigation, and various potions that will become handy (not to say vital) in many situations.The quite rare physics glitches I encountered weren't quite a problem (it's just strange to see an arrow floating in mid-air, as the rest of the game seems just perfect).For ""serial achievers"", you'll need to explore every bit of every map to find the hidden keys, chests and rare weapons, which shouldn't take you too much time but still feels rewarding and pleasant.I'm definitely convinced that this game is simply better, funnier and more challenging than many 60+$ games."
,Recommended,208750,14368536,"Posted: 7 February, 2015",all,F|23AKZ01D,One of a very small number of games I can play for a long time without my ADHD acting up.
76561198127418789,Recommended,208750,14371040,"Posted: 7 February, 2015",all,armordonio,This is one unique game you will never forget
76561198055486940,Recommended,208750,14381679,"Posted: 7 February, 2015",all,tomiathon,"As a classicist I may be a little biased, but I really enjoyed this game. The black-figure art style is what initially attracted me and made Apotheon an instant buy. Both the art and the music are beautiful, and the inclusion of quotations from the Homeric hymns and other source materials was a nice touch, and much appreciated.About the only (relatively minor) negative thing I could say about the game is that I felt that despite the huge variety in weapons and items, it didn't really seem to matter much what I used. I just picked something and only really switched when it broke or if it just wasn't getting the job done. Usually this just meant a switch from melee to ranged on a few bosses that seemed to call for it, and the occasional enemy like peltasts or mechanical sentries that were difficult to get in melee range of, rather than any specific weapon choice within those classifications. Given the realtive speed with which equipment breaks though, I did get a chance to use pretty much everything the game had to offer, however.Despite my slight ambivalence toward the combat in general, the variety in boss fights and trials, from brawling with Ares  and hunting Artemis, to traversing Athena's shifting labyrinth, to the time trials such as Dionysus' drinking contest and crossing the river Phlegethon in Hades, kept things fresh and entertaining. The encounters and puzzles were well done and provided an adequate level of challenge, but nothing proved particularly difficult. So, I might have liked to have the option to play on Olympian difficulty from the beginning, rather than have to unlock it by beating the game. There is a decent amount of content in the way of optional/side-quests to satisfy the completionist as well.All in all, Apotheon was a very enjoyable experience and highly recommended! Well done to Alientrap for this gem."
76561198101453313,Recommended,208750,14765964,"Posted: 6 March, 2015",all,Mreitsma,"Apotheon is a game about defying the Greek gods. They have abandoned mankind, so you must seek their assistance or kill them and gain their powers to save man yourself. The combat in the game is straighforward, as to be expected in a 2D action game; click to attack with melee weapons, which is done with a thrust or swing, and movement is done with the WASD keys. Ranged weapons can be thrown or launched with a bow, sling, or other devices. You can even pick up and throw boulders or stone blocks for massive damage. The difficulty on the default difficulty setting is ridiculously easy, and the next setting really isn't much harder. I think I only died a couple of times. Beating the game unlocks the hardest difficulty, which I have yet to attempt. It's a lot more fun than this simple explanation can make it sound, so I reccomend looking up a youtube video of gameplay if you don't get the picture yet. Also, there is a lot of exploration. There are a lot of goodies to be found if you just look in the right places. There is also not much backtracking, so you don't need to worry if you don't like that sort of thing.As for the presentation of the game, the art style is done in a Greek pottery fashion. There's a filter that applies to the whole screen, the colors are those that would be used in ancient greek pottery, and the screen will crack if you take too much damage. It is very nice to look at. The music, however, is lackluster. Sometimes it is not even present, and when it is, it does not stand out at all.So, overall, is the game good? Yes, it's very good. The combat is fun and you will have to plan out strategies for dealing with enemies on the fly. Environments are big and there are many secrets to discover. Honestly, the only nitpick I have is the music. Other than that, though, the game is stellar. Originally I thought I would not like this game, but when I bought it, I was very impressed. A playthrough lasted me 12 hours, and it was fun the whole way through. If you like 2D action games with some exploration in them, it's hard not to reccomend this."
76561198074460980,Recommended,208750,14754107,"Posted: 5 March, 2015",all,TheGreatBobbyop,A great mix of simple and complex.
76561198134739946,Recommended,208750,14752872,"Posted: 5 March, 2015",all,Penguides,"This game is almost like chivalry (if i dont spell it correctly plz dont sue me) you need a stratagy to kill some enemys. dont just charge in like LEEROY JEEEENKINS. that would kill you very much dead. Also it puts a a good difficulty, this game is mostly for peopple who have fast reflexes orgo all out and see the blood splatter on the backround. Weapons have durability which makes the game force you to scavange for weapons. (i havent gotten very far in the game so i dont know if you can craft weapons yourself) But some bosses are difficult to new players *COUGH COUGH artimis COUGH COUGH*[P.s] buy this game ez good for psychopaths"
76561198008414638,Recommended,208750,14465231,"Posted: 14 February, 2015",all,ricardo,"The controls on the PC are very frustrating and clunky, while the game demands a great deal of agility and precision in places.  It could be better on a console I suppose, or if you have something better than a basic computer keyboard. Struggling with the controls results in a great deal of repiition which makes me put the game down quickly. I can't stand repeating things over and over because my guy refuses to climb a ladder at a crucial time or if a key press doesn't register.That said, as the game continues and the player gets more armor and health, things become a bit more forgiving and you can get by with button mashing. The artwork and music are beautiful and the story is fun. It's a good value."
76561198148825562,Recommended,208750,14739278,"Posted: 4 March, 2015",all,Sorry_ImBlind,Visually stunning and absolutely addicting.
76561198036385014,Recommended,208750,14732600,"Posted: 2 March, 2015",all,Rochus Misch,"Amazing game, so much fun, if you're a history buff or you enjoy sword/bow combat, this game is for you.  Only problems I've encountered are climbing is a little buggy and hard to do at times, and combat swings such as uppercut, overhand, etc.  are sometimes hard to predict.  Overall amazing."
76561198185556005,Recommended,208750,15004409,"Posted: 22 March, 2015",all,heathenlyhues,"I started out playing the game ""Battle of Olympus"" on Nintendo.  This game both reminds me of it and absolutely blows it out of the water with concept, theme, music and visual elements to make any Elgin marble in the British museum drool.  I love history, and I also love Greek myths so this fits into my cache of personal time elegantly.  I think the look of this game is fantastic, the character adaptions are perfect, and the fact that all of the elements of the story are right off the side of an ancient amphora make me want to keep it kind of forever.  I see so many negative comments about game play, the only thing negative that I've found about it is that I am a terrible driver for my little hoplite.  This game is for the player like me who loves style, substance and intelligence in a game.  Also, using Homeric poems...a touch of absolute brilliance."
,Recommended,208750,15080663,"Posted: 27 March, 2015",all,nbolinaga18,"Great game with beautiful art style, i would recommend it.Only problem for me is the music becomes to repetitive."
,Recommended,208750,15085156,"Posted: 27 March, 2015",all,Yakov Smirnoff,"I r8 8/810/10 -IGNBest game ever! -Every person aliveIT'S GRRRRRREAT! -Tony the Tiger/end joke reviewIt really is an amazing game, it has a unique artstyle, it resembles greek pottery. The soundtrack is STUNNING, I can't even describe how amazing it sounds. Also, despite the somewhat negative view on the combat and animations, I think they fit this games style perfectly."
76561198051064397,Recommended,208750,15014771,"Posted: 22 March, 2015",all,glap,"Great game, good story, reasonably long story, very original stylising.Only drawback is slightly clunky combat system but in general very easy to pick up and fun to play, 9/10"
76561198069877747,Recommended,208750,14927434,"Posted: 16 March, 2015",all,yooparkeria,"This is an excellent game.  I'd like to first point out the art style for this game.  I love it.  It reminds me of ancient Greek pottery, which really pulls you in and makes you feel like you're playing a Greek saga.  I'm a little biased since I really like ancient antiquity.The gameplay itself is tight but it may take some getting used to at first.  You'll use an array of weapons that ARE different in their uses.  There is a progession trainer in the market in the game that allows you to level up skill profficencies with certain weapons, and I have found great success in leveling them all as opposed to being a jack of all trades.You owe it to yourself to play this game.  It's big, two game difficulities, and interesting boss battles and enemies types that'll provide challenges in multiple playthroughs."
,Recommended,208750,15103469,"Posted: 28 March, 2015",all,LifeWeaver,"Pretty fun, hard to control your guy, last battle was pretty hard as you're at a disavantage.  The game crashed about 3 times on me when I was loading but when I started it back up I was right were I was going so no problem.Worth it at the 50% price."
76561198166084254,Recommended,208750,15103697,"Posted: 28 March, 2015",all,Frizzer & Fredge,11/10 Worth every cent.
76561198043268130,Recommended,208750,15120715,"Posted: 29 March, 2015",all,Moosey Mayhem,"The combat is super tight, it never really feels awkward controling the protagonist, and the progression is really good for being a short game. I beat it in about 8 hours and I took my time with it, its probably beatable in under an hour if you speed run and know what youre doing ahead of time."
,Recommended,208750,15123833,"Posted: 30 March, 2015",all,[Eon Lé_Otaku]ᴭ,"Not bad for a new game, so far no glitches an the art is spectacular, beautiful and quite colourful. The music is also not bad...."
,Recommended,208750,15124762,"Posted: 30 March, 2015",all,PunchclockHorrors,"A naked drunk man asked me if there were any parties nearby, then got mauled by wolves."
,Recommended,208750,15111056,"Posted: 29 March, 2015",all,Rhelord,10/10 jerma is a voice actor in this
76561198007622401,Recommended,208750,15113908,"Posted: 29 March, 2015",all,Nnelg,"An excelent game with solid mechanics, innovate design, and a high degree of polish. The campaign offers many hours of gameplay, which constantly introduces variety and rarely repeats itself. Well worth buying outside of a sale.You play as a greek warrior from the archaic period fighting the greek gods on Mount Olympus, whom are attempting to clean up the earth by doing away with humanity. The story won't win any awards, but it serves its purpose of setting the scene well, and doesn't bog down the player in unnecessary details. It is, however, very well-researched, and proves it through excepts from ancient greek culture spread out on readible plaques spread throughout the game world (safely ignorable by those uninterested in such things). The artwork is beautifully drawn and heavily inspired from ancient pottery, while at the same time making important details very noticable to the player.Variety is the spice that makes this game special. The world is laid out in a metroidvania-style arrangement of hubs with branching off areas for each god. Each god's area carries with it a different theme, with different goals, enemies, and backgrounds; each in turn has subregions within. The contrasts are well-balanced, providing enough time for the player to learn new tactics and strategies in each zone, and often lessons learned in one place will prove useful in others. But (perhaps more importantly) it isn't always *necessary* to learn new tactics all the time: the player can usually power through but with a greater cost in resources. However, there's a certain satisfaction to be had in going out of one's way to sneak up behind an opponent merely so that dagger with 800% backstab damage doesn't languish in one's inventory forever.I cannot find a single major problem with the game, but I do have a few nitpicks. For instance, inventory gets cluttered after a while and there are like ten times as many lockpicks as locked doors. it's also annoying how smashing crates reduces weapon durability and that the stacking limit on crafting ingrediants is so low. But those are like tiny chips on an ancient vase: the basic quality of the item remains the same."
76561198006880062,Recommended,208750,15114078,"Posted: 29 March, 2015",all,Clockwork,The most fun I've had playing a 2D game since Mario.
76561198082392170,Recommended,208750,15115564,"Posted: 29 March, 2015",all,RedOctober,"Really solid game. Gameplay is really oldschool platformer and has that good feel to it, but combat system is more of this century with stamina bar, roll and shield. I was pleasantly surprised by the variety of gameplay elements, the kind of small stuff that make the game feel less repetitive. If you enjoy ancient Greek mythology or culture, you are in for a treat, but I can highly recommend this to anyone."
76561198162825391,Recommended,208750,19788878,"Posted: 19 December, 2015",all,jaknile,"-About average Story line+Great Dialoge+Lots of Greek+Enjoyable Artwork=Combat is 7/10+Challenging Features such as Giant Immortal Gods-some Nudity+An abundance of Weapons, Armor, Magic and Potions!!+An over abundance of Freaken Epicness!!!I recommend it anyone wanting to Punch Apollo in the Face, or Explore through the tunnels of Hades's domain, or freaken assassinate any snobby greek god/dess that you come across. Belive me, you wont be disappointed."
76561198089877859,Recommended,208750,19784380,"Posted: 19 December, 2015",all,Unifier of Japan,Story: 10/10Mechanics: 9/10Creativity (Boss fights& Scenery): 9/10Enjoyability: 10/10Overall: 9.5
,Recommended,208750,19685335,"Posted: 13 December, 2015",all,EclipseZero,very unique and fun
76561198009016891,Recommended,208750,19647706,"Posted: 12 December, 2015",all,Bill,"Great Game. 10/10. One of my favorite !If you like Greek Mythology and Ancient Greece, you need that game.Amazing graphics and music.Very easy and fun to control with a gamepad.I really hope there will be single player add-ons and/or sequels."
,Not Recommended,208750,19709169,"Posted: 15 December, 2015",all,semicfly,"Boring gameplay, weird animation & awkward battle (wtf enemies are thrown away after being hit)."
76561198024806160,Recommended,208750,16905596,"Posted: 5 July, 2015",all,derekm16f14,Pretty Cool 2D game great number of weapone. 10/10
76561198146233502,Recommended,208750,16844348,"Posted: 2 July, 2015",all,hmhmm,"This is one of my favourite games. Great art and story, plus the mechanics mesh really well with both. Great level design and GREAT MUSIC. The combat and collecting is fun. Very atmospheric. I used to read a lot of greek myths and nothing made me go: EH. So pretty awesome interpretations and the quotes are definitely a nice touch. (Although where the hell was Hestia?? she always gets forgotten haha).ONE WARNING: you cannot play this on the computer with mouse and keyboard. The sensitivity of the mouse is appallingly low and it cannot be changed. You need a controller. Which is really unfortunate because that means a lot of auto-aim and a lot less accuracy. It's doable though. I just don't understand how that happened, because the rest of the game is so polished.Just wish I could have taken Artemis and Athena and all the pretty friendly gods into my new pantheon and only kicked out Zeus, Apollo, (Hera), Poseidon and Ares. That would have been nice (though not the point of the game obviously).What would REALLY be an improvement is if the multiplayer mode also had nymphs, like it has satyrs."
,Recommended,208750,15606415,"Posted: 28 April, 2015",all,Majorian,"""Atmospheric. Captivating Greek Theme. Great Attention to Detail. Slightly Flimsy Combat. Value for Money.""Apotheon is a fun 2D platformer with a beautiful ancient greek pottery aesthetic. The story follows Nikandreos - a champion of humanity - who rises up against the Greek Gods to steal their powers and salvage the fate of his people. As Nikandreos, you will scale Mount Olympus and challenge the Gods in their respective realms.+ Apotheon's gameplay is quite solid, with plenty of interesting melee and ranged weaponry (historically-accurate ones included) to choose from, making for healthy variation in playing style.+ Great attention to detail is also displayed in level and character design, with each in-game location having a different feel and plenty of variation in the appearances of both NPCs and enemies.+ The music accompanies the game well and gives it great atmosphere, particularly during epic god fights. The lyre pieces, in particular, gives the game an elegant touch.+ The storyline is average with a cliché god-usurper plot. Nevertheless, it is well-executed.+ Game length is pretty substantial, well worth its price tag.+ A healthy level of appearance customization is available for the hero, from leather caps to wolf pelts to the iconic corinthian helmet.However,- Combat is slightly flimsy as attacks are completely mouse-dependent and can be annoyingly difficult to control when Nikandreos is surrounded by enemies, which happens fairly often.- The variety of actions available during melee combat is lacking, being limited to the usual stab or an upwards/overhead swing.- On a personal note, the amount of armor sets available for Nikandreos pales in comparison to the wide variety possessed by the NPCs, leaving something to be desired for a game so heavily focused on attaining excellent visuals.Overall, Apotheon is a good game with a composition of 55% style 45% gameplay. Its form similar to the pottery art it emulates: carefully crafted and artistically flavorful. A definite must-try if you dig its aesthetic and love classical history; a worth-trying if you're looking to play a fresh platformer.B+"
,Recommended,208750,16146836,"Posted: 2 June, 2015",all,[2o2p] OrDaned,"Despite not usually enjoying platformers or the ""Metroidvania"" style of games, I found Apotheon a real treat. The visual presentation of the game is enough to recommend the game by itself -- the art style and animation are really something. The story is interesting, and blends elements of Greek mythology while creating its own narrative. Sound design and music are both quite good, as well. The combat is basic, but engaging enough -- the various classes of weapons each have their strengths, and fights are all about timing and range. With one or two enemies it can be a bit tactical, but when more start piling up it can start to become a bit of a tangle, where you're not certain what (if any) effect you're having.That's a minor quibble, however, and the game's length means you'll be finished with the epic (and for a nice change, that word is appropiate!) story before they start to detract from the experience. The absolutely beautiful art style combined with fun exploration, some interesting puzzles (I particularly enjoyed Athena's challenges), and decent combat gave me a enjoyable experience that I would recommend to others."
,Recommended,208750,15227957,"Posted: 5 April, 2015",all,Zincoshine,"After a string of underwhelming and overpriced games I come across this one. Finally, a game worth its price. This game is very well polished and the controls are great. This game is recommended for all fans of half life, team fortress 2, wolfenstein, and even call of duty players..... now hold on a moment you might say, this is a platformer not a FPS, why would I recommend this to FPS players? Well the reason is simple. The game, and especially the controls, feel exactly like a FPS. you attack with left mouse button, use secondary with right mouse. use tertiary with middle mouse. item selection is 1,2,3, and 4. movement is WASD, save is F5, load is F9, jump is spacebar.... this is for all intents and purposes an FPS that has been flattened into 2D and I actually cannot recommend this to people who are not fans of FPS games regardless of whether you like platformers or not."
,Recommended,208750,24728051,"Posted: 5 August, 2016",all,Helen_Blakely,I adore this game it its gorgeous artwork. Would definitely recommend it to anyone!
76561198065623501,Recommended,208750,24461217,"Posted: 22 July, 2016",all,LanOrhan,"It was pretty good IMO, both gameplay-wise and storyline-wise. At first voiceovers felt a bit dull but as the game progresses you get used to it, I mean it wasn't terrible but could've been done better I guess. If you're into Greek Mythology (I used to read a lot about it in high school) you should most definitely give it a try."
76561198023244388,Recommended,208750,24015061,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,Scorn,"Pros:Great animationsSatisfying combatAmazing artstyleCons:A bug here and there, nothing game breakingSome of the sections feel too long"
76561198044017525,Recommended,208750,24117531,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,ripleyQ,"Got, it cheap on summer sale. Apotheon has exelent are cool music and the combat aint shabby. If you enjoy greek style stuff buy this one"
76561198204148247,Recommended,208750,24231717,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,jindrich.nov,"I don´t know Why, but I really like little weird games like this one... I applaud the game developers for the artistic side of game that I really enjoy. But clumsy controling of main character sometimes irritates me...However I can recommend it for rainy weekends.;)"
76561198024507690,Recommended,208750,24228093,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,Scarydino,I think we can all agree the Phlegethon is the hardest boss fight in the game.Also that Nikandreos's got the booty :p
,Recommended,208750,24196895,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,Earthshakerson,"July 8 2016For being a linear, story-driven game, Apotheon holds many secrets that take time and effort to be revealed. There is nothing more satisfying than picking locks and stealing the items out of strong boxes. The gameplay is unique, since combat is controlled by directional mouse movement, whereas ordinary movement is controlled by WASD. Though the game resembles any two-dimensional Mario game made, it is far more in-depth, and far less rage inducing.My review does not do justice to the game."
76561198062922439,Recommended,208750,24020644,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,mattiaiannone,Very nice game metroidvania style with a very particular aesthetics. If you like this kind of game it will engage you.
,Recommended,208750,24019059,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,chibisatou,"I was really blown away by how beautiful the art style of this game is. It was recommended to me for that reason, and for that alone I feel like it is worth the experience and would reccomend it to others."
,Recommended,208750,24210085,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,obea,One of the best games ive ever played. The art style is gorgeous and the boss fights are some of the most satisfying and unique experiences. THE ENDING IS FANTASTIC!! I got this cheap during the summer sale and although its a little short its worth the $15 full price i strongly recomend!
,Recommended,208750,27600707,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Charity Smile,"This game deserves the ""Test of Time"" Award! I've played it many times and each time still felt the same as the first! The way  of telling its story is very peaceful and civilized. It's an old kind of story: the gods get mad at men and abandon them, a hero rises up and defeat the gods. But it's not as vengeful and violent as God of War! The graphic makes me feel like I'm reading the story in a wall-painted picture from thousands of years ago! 10/10!"
,Recommended,208750,15147580,"Posted: 31 March, 2015",all,MegaBates,"Started to play it for ""a couple of minutes"" time...EDIT~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~We all know about Myths from ancient Greece, but this game knows deeper.=>MUST HAVEunless you really really don't care about/can't stand myths+Graphic design: top (look at their pictures, it's even better in game)+Sound design: top-a-top (like a movie theater, neat and bouncy and tight)+/-Gameplay: fun-a-top (crafted weapons, good bosses, pretty decent ia, etc.), BUT /!\ keys mapping/!\ not with a standard keyboard, only gamepad is okay for me else is kinda glitchy.+Rewards: pretty-fun+Story: ""ancient-top"" lol (this game adapts from books written from long long time ago, likethe ones who invented EPIC)."
,Recommended,208750,31292535,Posted: 22 April,all,"GR|M "" 死神 "" Reap3R","Amazing game, worth every cent I've spent...1) Great artwork.2) Amazing soundtrack.3) Simple yet fun.4) Good puzzles and lot of exploring to do.5) Story is rather simple and Generic though. But still interesting.6) Game runs well and smoother than many Triple A titles....and definitely not demanding to run.7) If you like Greek Myth, then you shouldn't pass out on this game !One down side to the game, it's not that "" replayable "" and there isn't any "" New Game + Mode "" either.But this game is currently only 17$ about 4$ USD.....so it's actually super cheap....Most games here costs about least 130 - 250$ easily..This game actually give more content than what you paid for !"
,Not Recommended,208750,26184617,"Posted: 23 October, 2016",all,Onyrus,"Apotheondraws from some of the stylings of games such asOutland,only this time with a novel Greek theme... and alsofarless engaging.Although the game holds a very nice aesthetic value and will seem intriguing for a few minutes, you'll quickly notice the cumbersome combat and movement mechanics, as well as the monotonous choice for a musical theme that propagates itself constantly throughout the level.I shouldn't already be getting tired of a game when I've only accrued 30 minutes of playtime. I'd say this is one to avoid."
,Recommended,208750,17364522,"Posted: 3 August, 2015",all,roC,Beautiful game and really good gameplay! Buy it!
,Recommended,208750,32914662,Posted: 27 June,all,KelpTheGreat,"Apotheon is an incredibly good side-scrolling action brawler with Metroidvania elements, full voice acting, great sound effects and music, a large variety of weapons, and a very interesting art style. Recommended."
,Recommended,208750,32895252,Posted: 27 June,all,Nester Quick,Fun
76561198035463395,Recommended,208750,32942162,Posted: 28 June,all,The Devil's Lettuce,"A short, but fantastic game for any fan of greek pottery art and sidescrolling RPGs.  Decent story, if not played out by God of War a bit already, but that shouldn't detract from the experience."
76561198000845028,Recommended,208750,32953934,Posted: 28 June,all,dickeyj2316,"I really like the visual style of this game.  Combat and controls were a little awkward at time on the keyboard with a mouse.  Maybe this game would be better with a controller.  Story line wasn't particularly memorable, but it was fun to play."
76561198004585919,Recommended,208750,33075825,Posted: 1 July,all,sircrimsonfox,"A gorgeous gorgeous game. It's a platformer taking place in Greek times with all the gods here...zeus, artemis, aphrodite, etc. The art style is that you'd find on grecian urns and is breathtaking. Very apt platformer. The controls are a tad tricky to pick up nicely at first, particularly where you have to aim the mouse in the direction you want to attack. I do like the arror/javelin. Healing is quick. It gave me a nice learning curve where I didn't die most of the time. Then I met some harder minibosses and those fight are very cool looking. Really love all the tapestries and images hanging on the walls and meeting the gods and goddesses themselves! They definitintely hit a good emotional level seeing the attackers torment the frightened townsfolk. Another welldone artistic attacking platformer that's satisfying to play."
76561198008180647,Recommended,208750,19741129,"Posted: 16 December, 2015",all,Tuesday Sauce,"I wholeheartedly enjoyed this game, from its delightful exploration of the black-figure Greek motif to the blood-spattered multiplayer arenas. Delightful!"
76561198050816020,Recommended,208750,19678160,"Posted: 13 December, 2015",all,clementgesret,Awesome game.Great story line although a bit obvious. But I mean who cares considering the ending!!!Large Maps.Sublime graphics and design.My only critic would be that you get the strongest weapons in the game and the strongest armour a bit too fast. Either make it harder or add more.Thanks.
76561198058734205,Recommended,208750,19677077,"Posted: 13 December, 2015",all,Bapop,"A pure joy to hack and slash ones way through Greek mythology. Worth it just for the amazing aesthetics and soundtrack,"
,Recommended,208750,19665012,"Posted: 12 December, 2015",all,clockworkrose,there is a wine drinking contest. need I say more?10/10
,Recommended,208750,19663720,"Posted: 12 December, 2015",all,ck,"8-9/10 First decent Greek Mythology game after Age of Mythology, Awesome style, musicm voice acting, The weakest links are bosses (litterally bosses are♥♥♥♥♥♥ and combat in general,"
76561198015522135,Not Recommended,208750,19693865,"Posted: 14 December, 2015",all,Djinnx,"The game looks absolutely great and i love everything about it except one thing. The controls are killing me, especially the mouse input delay. It does not matter if I use a keyboard and mouse or a gamepad, either way Nikendros ends up to be a huge derp under my control and instead of having fun I am simply getting tired with the game. I will not recommend it until the controls are fixed."
76561198035915202,Recommended,208750,19695895,"Posted: 14 December, 2015",all,Blackjack010,"Didn't expect such a good game when I picked this.-Artstyle is wonderful, just like in the screenshots.-Combat is a bit wonky but fun.-What really impressed me is the variety of levels and ways you take the gods down, every god has a different way to beat.-And not just in direct combat, sometimes you have to find 3 keys in a rotating labyrinth, break out of prison, release solar stallions etc, etc.-You progress through armor upgrades and you look different with each of them.-You find strong special weapons and shields, arrows and throwing weapons to defeat your foes.Definitely worth a recommendation."
,Recommended,208750,16436697,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,Daniel,Become a God.
76561198043847790,Recommended,208750,16436765,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,27thcalculator,"A fantastic, yet slightly frustrating, game. I have been playing almost non-stop since I got it two days ago. I've been learning more and more about Greek mythology, and one of things I have learned is that the Cyclopes created all the gods' weapons. There are puzzles, races, and, most importantly, combat. I recommend this game to anyone with a heartbeat."
76561198034709250,Recommended,208750,16440048,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,PumpkinFatch,"This game is actually really fun to play and it looks nice.I just finished the Campaign on Challenger difficulty and I feel that it wasn't challenging enough which is my only problem with this game. Once I finished the game 'Olympian' difficulty became available, but I'm not going to replay the game so its sort of a waste. I think Olympian difficulty should be available from the start.But I recommend this game."
76561198111138493,Recommended,208750,16441473,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,PysiastyPys,me smash gods 10/10
76561198066654774,Recommended,208750,16377711,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,evil.doodle,"Great art. Great lore. Great Game. I very much enjoyed this game and recommend it if you like RPG side scrollers. You get quite a lot of hours of game play out of it, combat can get tricky since you will have your hands all over the place trying to get the right hot keys and right clicks, but it's not too bad. The art and lore are the high point of this game, very refreshing. And as of when I'm writing this review it's on sale and super cheap, you should definitely give it a go."
,Recommended,208750,16378093,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,Cypress,"The art style speaks for itself; based off of ancient Greek pottery art. Love it.The gameplay however is akin to a 2-D game of Chivalry: Medieval Warfare, as in you dodge their attacks and get your hits in. It has a cool array of weapon types (ie fast but weak swords, slow but strong axes, etc.) and enemy types to combat.Even not on sale, this game is worth your time."
76561198043798473,Recommended,208750,16381554,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,Lt. Topper Harley,"The gorgeous art style just makes this game so visually appealing.Would certainly recommend it to others, even if the controls take a little getting used to.Now climb Mount Olympus and wreck Zues's♥♥♥♥♥♥"
,Recommended,208750,16481470,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,Götterdämmerung,"Overall I give this game a 8.5/10 and would definetely reccomend you buy it if you like Platformers and/or Greek MythologyIf you want to know why, continue reading.Compared to other platformers, Apotheon's combat system is amazing, there's an endless combination of weapons and legendary weapons (with their respective affects) to find and evetually, break after beating in someone's skull. Not to mention armor and health upgrades that can not only be found completeing the main quest but in secret stashes and lockboxes hidden off to the side. Enemies are incredibly varied, besides the fact that they all wear red, and none of them will act alike.The only major problems I had with this game is that every single mission in this game is a ""Fed-Ex"" quest, you go to retrieve an item from a God, and that God or their underlings sends you off to go do some♥♥♥♥♥♥(the only exception being Apollo, because he's an ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥) and then you come back, fight a boss, then get the item. All the items give upgrades and you feel accomplished after getting one, but then you remember that you still have to get items from 11 more gods. You might as well carry a checklist while playing this game. The only other annoyance I had was with enemy AI, the AI for the larger enemies (Bosses, Cyclopses, Weird half-animal dudes, etc.) is great, because you can wittily outmanuevur them and shove your spear in their asses. The AI for smaller enemies isn't that great, all of the normal enemies will engage you with whatever weapons they have, and thats it. Enemies like Apollo's Guards will randomly decide to attack you with a bow, drink a potion, run away from you until potion runs out, pull out their sword, stab your toe, and then run away from you again. And obviously there's tons of these guys in one area, so killing them is more of a chore than anything else. Wolves, who only majorly appear in one part of the game, will jump attack you, run as far as the can in one direction, turn around, attack you again, and then run as far as they can in the other direction before repeating everything else. You'd honestly have more luck just running away from them rather than wasting your weapons and armor trying to kill them.There are some pretty great parts in this game though, in Artemis' woods, some nymphs ask you to clear their home of satyrs (Olympus is overcrowded with all of the deities moving in suddenly) and you walk in to promptly find a bunch of goat-men, drunk off their asses with erect♥♥♥♥♥♥♥(someone actually took the time to animated a♥♥♥♥♥♥♥on these enemies) humping the air and getting absolutely ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥d. How do you get them to leave? Smash all the alcohol. Once you do that, they get so♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥they kill each other.Oh, and the art style is pretty cool too.Plot Synopsis:You play as Nikandreos, a Greek normalfag from the village of Dion, one day, Zeus decides ""ayy lmao, humans are ♥♥♥♥"" and orders all the other Olympians to neglect mortals. He also invites all deities living on Earth to come to Olympus, so that when all humans die off, everyone can go back to the Earth. Crops refuse to grow, animals disappear from the forest and even the sun lingers at one point in sky all day. Humans being humans, instead of trying to repent/stop the oncoming disaster, they decide that now would be a perfect time to steal everyone else's♥♥♥♥♥♥ The game opens with Nikandreos stopping the pillaging of his village (and other things) by shanking every single mother♥♥♥♥♥♥ wearing a red tunic. At this point you go to the Temple of Hera where she appears, tells you to help the mortals and then sends you off to Olympus, all the while softly caressing your♥♥♥♥♥You roll up on the Olympian Gates acting chill as a mofugga', and the guards who for someone reason, don't recognize you as a mortal let you in to the Agora, which acts as the overworld of the first tier of Mount Olympus.I'd rather not spoil the rest of the game so I'll just say that Olympus is full of fly honies, and that ♥♥♥♥♥ Athena got♥♥♥♥♥for days."
,Recommended,208750,16483157,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,A Goat,A very unique take on platform gaming. Few games are able to do what this game does where you could finish in 5 hours or 15 hours depending on how thorough you feel like being.
,Recommended,208750,16489671,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,Gum,The best game based off of Greek mythology in while.
,Recommended,208750,16490975,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,Nikostratos,"This game is a work of art as much as it is a fantastic game to play.I have always been a fan and historian of greek history and religion, and this game is just beautiful. The gameplay is simple, yet fun, and the narrative to the story just drips with its potential. I wish there was some continuation of this beautiful work of art because by the time it ended all I wanted was more of its experience."
,Recommended,208750,16491279,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,Robo Stalin,"A fantastic game for those who don't even normally like the 2D action-platforming genre.  The various weapons and items allow for individualized playing styles and enemies stay true to greek mythology while avoiding the ridiculous portrayals common to games based on similiar lore (I'm looking at you God of War series).  The art style (Greek ""Red Figure"" and ""Black Figure"" pottery)  and mythology also serve as a treat for history buffs and classical art lovers as well.Would strongly recommend even without a sale price."
76561198004566567,Recommended,208750,14508883,"Posted: 16 February, 2015",all,Calypso,"This game far exceeded my expectations. I bought it solely because of the art style as I am a total ancient Greek geek and when I saw that the game resembled my collection of replica Greek vases I was sold. Then I started coming across the quotes from ancient Greek literature (used to support the storyline and character development, of course), and I was moved. Every god has his or her own area and each has unique goals--it's not all about killing X or fetching Y. I really liked that all your collected gear upgrades so you can pretty much wear whatever you deem coolest-looking and still get the top-tier bonuses. There's also a lot of weapon variety, and you'll find yourself having to use them all at one time or another (except maybe the discus, still not sure about that one). I'm near the end at 15 hours in, so it's not a short game when you consider that a game like Tomb Raider takes (me at least) about 18 hours.If I were to criticize anything it would be the depiction of Apollo. I've always thought of him as crushworthy and was nonplussed that he was depicted here as being so conceited and crazy. His behavior, to me, was more characteristic of Ares. Oh, and I got the Caster bug and can't unlock Hermes' item, but that's not game-breaking."
76561197970499216,Recommended,208750,14523360,"Posted: 17 February, 2015",all,Coot,"Apotheon is a beautiful little game.  First of all. the artwork and game presentation and design is beautiful.  Have you seen images of those ancient Greek and Minoan frescos painted on walls?  This game looks and feels like you just stepped inside one of these.  The detail is exquisite in these handcrafted levels and environments.  It shows how so much can seemingly be done with so little.  For only being a 2D sidescrolling and platforming game, the creators have done and excellent job immersing and transporting one to an ancient and mythical time and place.  Its easy to see that a lot of love went into this project.The gameplay is equally great.  As previously mentioned it plays like a classic, sidescrolling, platforming game.  It has a slight RPG mechanic in that you have an inventory, certain gear can be equiped there, and some minor crafting can be done using items you collect.  For me the real treat in gameplay has to do with weapons.  There are tons of them.  They all have a purpose wether miniscule or more impactful.  Not only are there specifically ranged weapons, all weapons can be thrown anyway.  So you can chuck a crappy wood club you found at an enemy or one of my favorites, the darts or dorus spears.  You also can pick up shields with some being better than others and some actually having special characteristics.As far as movement goes it feels great.  Your little 2D character is nicely articulated.  You can walk, run, jump, roll, climb, hang and hand-over-hand, squat, stealth kill from behind and so on.  There are also physics implented which I always love to see even and especially in a minimalistic game like this.The music is outstanding.  Its ethereal.  Almost like a combination of Enya, Loreena McKennitt and the soundtrack to Gladiator.  And its infused into the game in such a way that its not abrupt or inappropriate but instead is incidental and purposed for the particular environment that you are in or situation.  The sound effects are also well done.  On par with the music is the voice acting.  Very well done and it adds more depth and richness to the game actually hearing others talk making the world more alive.  Story and lore can effortlessly be gleaned from hearing these soundbites or even clicking on pedestals/monuments throughout the game that bring up excerpts from apparently ancient texts and stories such as things Homer has written.(whether these are actual quotations from actual documents or creative liscense I don't know but it adds more depth to the game's setting and story)I was also pleasantly suprised to see that the base levels on the game's map themselves often have sublevels.  I even got lost once in one. :)Overall I am very pleased with this little gem of a game.  I would absolutely love seeing these developers putting this same treatment into other games dealing with subjects and times in history or fiction such as the Japanese Samurai, a Western, Tolkein story and so on.So far some of the things I've gotten to do in this game include slaying the Tyrant named Ophion where upon which the wife of Zeus tasked me with pursuing her husband where then I was portaled, ascending into the realm of Olympus, aquired the Bow of Artemis, wandered into Aphrodite's chambers, was thrown into prison for provoking Apollo, killed a towering cyclops with my sling shot and Olympian darts and then released three solar steeds from their stables.  Great game and good fun."
,Recommended,208750,14534219,"Posted: 18 February, 2015",all,k00patrooper,http://youtu.be/wVgmfw9RhfIMy video review of Apotheon says all I have to say on the matter. Check it out if you are on the fence about this one.
76561198026537436,Recommended,208750,14542607,"Posted: 19 February, 2015",all,Aziraphale,"I found it hard to return to platform games but this one certainly ticks all the boxes for me when I gave it a chance.  Sometimes I did find that switching from melee to tools to range to melee can be cumbersome especially when you're continually being interrupted or in the heat of combat. Would be nice to be able to bind some buttons to certain items or the active item for each category (maybe there is and I haven't looked hard enough). But I've been thoroughly enjoying the smooth yet simple graphics, voice dialogue and story."
,Recommended,208750,14542660,"Posted: 19 February, 2015",all,krudemon,I almost didnt get this game because i seen where pepole said it had bad controls.........................um it lets you change what keys do what.   This game has so much more then you would think if i had to compair it to another game i would say its a titans quest 2D.  The game is just a freaking gem.  The art work is nice and early on when you meet Hera for the first time you will thank the artist for giving her a little more junk in the trunk.
76561198120410377,Recommended,208750,14421458,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,imimee,"What immediately caught my attention was the greek pottery inspired art, that was truly genious and very creative as I have never seen anybody else think of that. The combat system is good as you can switch weapons and try out different strategies, you have plenty of range weapons as well bows, javelins, rocks, flaming arrows etc, tons of melee weapons xiphos, spears, axe, maces, etc. One thing that I loved as well was the historical accurate weaponry, gear. You upgrade your gear as well with the use of gold coins which is the currency in game, you start out with no head gear and bit by bit you get historical accurate helmets, shields, etc. You do rolls which makes you very agile and mobile in combat, the dialogue is superb, the soundtrack by Marios is perfect for this game too, it gives it that mythic feel no matter where you are in-game. The levels are breathtakingly beautiful It is hard to describe in words how beautiful they are.The only down is that your character moves a tad too fast, if you are on a ledge and you want to like move to the edge, you'll move like 15 feet instead for some reason so it is hard to move with accuracy when you need precision, talking about precision the keyboard controllers at least the mouse was a little frustating (They should had removed the mouse feature alltogether) so I played with an xbox controller and It faired better. Another thing that I love is using bows but again doing it with accuracy is a headache, the pointer you see in game to control the direction of your arrow doesn't move slowly hence aiming is a huge headache and almost impossible to use unless your target is right in front of you and it doesn't require you to aim up or down etc. Wish the map would not be 50/50 visible/transparent. It is a little hard to see. Combat is somewhat hard to get used to but I learned the hard way, you can't just expect to chop everyone down and win, you have to use your shield and roll around. Lastly wish the soundtrack was offered in FLAC format or at least given the option.The positives outweight the negatives without a doubt! I'm hooked and I wish you guys had some sort of store, T-shirts, wallpapers, posters, desk stuff!?  Thank you and please keep them coming!Ideas por Apotheon 2:Alexander the Great based game. (this man conquered the known world, there is plenty for a game right there)Ancienty Egypt.Feudal Japan."
76561198008112445,Recommended,208750,14335147,"Posted: 4 February, 2015",all,jdoggy,"I don't usually write reviews for games but for this game I feel like it should get what it deserves... Which is a lot of praise! It is not very often that a game can have a unique art form, a continually fun combat system, and a fun story line all in one game. I did not encounter any bugs, however the game may crash every once and a while (three time in my play through) when you load in between zones. Besides that, this game is really fun and am about to play on Olympian!Some tips: killing all guards om the area will make it so you won't have to pay the fee.exploring really pays off in this game and the puzzles all have hints that make them not too difficult."
,Recommended,208750,14340606,"Posted: 5 February, 2015",all,Parolo41,"At it's core Apotheon is a solid Action Platformer, but it's success in immersion and atmosphere are what make it a fantastic game for me.The combination of visuals, soundtrack and freedom to move about as you please make you feel part of the action.In that regard the game also really profits from a silent protagonist.Highly recommended!"
,Recommended,208750,14412199,"Posted: 9 February, 2015",all,Kiltman - Koeus,One of the best Metroidvania games to date.  Incredible art direction. Incredibly tight controls on a gamepad or controller.All around fantastic game that could easily be priced at $40Recomendations:  Do not even touch this game without a gamepad or controller.  Keyboard and Mouse don't do this game justice.
,Recommended,208750,14387959,"Posted: 8 February, 2015",all,The Kim In The North,"This game will probably stay in my list of top 10 games of 2015. And that's thanks to the amazing art, beautiful music, solid fighting mechanics, and variety of levels. It's not a long game, but I feel it's as long as it should be. The level designs are wonderful and so is the voiceacting. I'd say that the story isn't all that detailed, but at the same time it's oddly very good and interesting.If anything, I'd like it if the powers you gained from the various Gods gave you abilities that you would need to get to another God or the very least open up new areas. That said, I do like that the powers you gain acts as buffs so it seems like you really gain that God's power. It also removes the need to backtrack through areas you've already been only to open up new sections of it which can be a bit tedious. I feel they have really found a good balance in their gameplay.The variety in the levels is another huge plus for Apotheon. You usually have to do 3 tasks before facing off against a God, and they have made each level unique to the God you're fighting. There's puzzles, horseriding, becoming a deer, and lots of neat mini-bosses to fight.10/10 for a most wonderful game"
,Recommended,208750,14392808,"Posted: 8 February, 2015",all,Manevich,"(English is not my native language, but...) It's a great game! Although I think that this game is more about design and art than actually playing (control feels not very comfortable, and a sujet not very smart), but this game was made with love, attention to details and style. These developers are more like artists, I mean, like painters, and it's absolutely fine for me, because this game is so beautiful that I finished it in two days. I don't like genre of actions too much, but this was interesting, and, again, this game is fascinating."
76561198007357857,Recommended,208750,14424210,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,Azaghal,"Apotheon is a very nice and enjoyable game.The greek pottery style graphics and atmosphere are brilliant.Gameplay mechanics together with a great variety of items add a more tactical feeling to the gamemaking you wanna try different strategies every time you pick something new from a jar or a chest.Finally music and sounds are great, making  the game much more atmospheric.I truly recommend Apotheon to all of you."
,Recommended,208750,14398916,"Posted: 8 February, 2015",all,Ginger Gentleman,"Admittedly the controls are not great but it's a fun little indie game that is well worth playing, especially if you're a fan of Greek mythology."
,Recommended,208750,14401970,"Posted: 9 February, 2015",all,Instant Karma,"A real indie gem with spectacular art, delightful music, wonderful enemy design and mechanics."
,Recommended,208750,19827192,"Posted: 21 December, 2015",all,chadiushobby,"Epic feelings! Fun combat, interesting art scheme, well thought out storyline, and great game mechanics.It demonstrates the age old saying ""If you give a mortal a little bit of God power he'll want to save his people and fight the gods""Also compatible with game controllers."
76561198118958395,Recommended,208750,19934973,"Posted: 25 December, 2015",all,.ICE,Words cannot described what i'm about say.Music:10/10Voice Acting:10/10Game play:10/10
76561198171108866,Recommended,208750,19926113,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,senlemonsnout,Apollo caresses plant ladies10/10
76561198080544875,Recommended,208750,19918726,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,hi im johnny,Very nice atmosphere. Only one downside: might be too short.
76561198027339254,Recommended,208750,19916248,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,Rocket Mouse,Wow!
,Recommended,208750,19948406,"Posted: 25 December, 2015",all,Mr. Tam,"5/7 would kill zues again great game. 100% in 10 hours, easy mode."
76561198042157293,Recommended,208750,20035554,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,krev23,"Gameplay is engaging, rarely repetitive. Boss fights satisfying and diverse. Fits with the lore. Delves quite deeply into greek myth which was a big plus for me. Artwork very nice touch. Very highly recommend this game."
,Recommended,208750,20042170,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,Stormfly,"Kill gods, smash pots."
76561198003084562,Recommended,208750,20243683,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,742,"super atmospheric little metroidvania. it's fun, it does its job well, the atmosphere is thorough.there's some annoying weapon/shield degredation but it kinda works in context, and the plot is kinda stupid, but it is what it is.definitely fun if you're looking for a roguelike or something with historical truthiness. drop it if that's not your thing."
,Recommended,208750,20228186,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,Repl-Rex,"Great game, stunning visuals in 2D.  Gameplay is fun, story is awesome.At certain points, the boss fights do become difficult, but nothing to worry about if you know what you're doing."
76561198191463049,Recommended,208750,20276547,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,Heffeization,"Controls was a tad clunky and story was a bit dull. but great level design and soundtrack, i liked it"
76561198004159670,Recommended,208750,19767824,"Posted: 18 December, 2015",all,Aerious Blackwind,"Apotheon, a 2D scroller combat game features fantastic classical art, both in detailed backgrounds as well as functional objects. More impressive is its fluidity into the gameplay. Although at times the combat gets authentically chaotic, there is a fluidity in the weapons system that is something to speak off. A well excuted, roll, followed by a stab with your javelin and a fianle with a throwing the said javelin is never the question of the games mechanic but rather personal skill which is exactly how a game like this should handle.Combat and interaction with major gods is fresh for each boss fight. Good right to the very end."
76561198086377996,Recommended,208750,20193680,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,machomooseman,Simply awesome.
76561198083985886,Recommended,208750,20187028,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,justsomeoneelse,"In one word: Impressive (said in the voice of the announcer iof Quake III Arena).Long version: I've been playing games for the last 30-some years, and I haven't seen anything as enjoyable and immersive as Apotheon in a long time (and on Linux, too)! I got it on sale for less than four Euro and now, after finishing it over the holidays, it feels like I cheated the devs on this deal; should have paid much more for a game this nicely done!"
76561197970717042,Recommended,208750,20203512,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,kardshark,Tight controls and fun fighting. Nice art and design. A unique and well made game.
,Recommended,208750,20206697,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,sponge888,"Such a fun game. I love the art style and gameplay. It's fun to play the entire way through, and finishabble for most. Also includes scalable difficulty levels for the hardcore."
76561198050801257,Recommended,208750,24397591,"Posted: 18 July, 2016",all,Zhyxx,a quite good semi-open world 2d combat platformer. very cool art direction and music. immersive.
76561198043282106,Recommended,208750,16523992,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,Horus,"pros:-great, unique artstyle just fantastic-great soundtrack-great gameplay I played with controller though-a lot of different quests and stages depending on the various gods never gets boring-good combat with a lot of different gear (melee/ranged weapons, shields)- 9-11 hours of gameplay (one playthrough)- a lot of knowledge about greek mythology includednegatives (if you can even say so):- everything even legendary weapons has durability (but can be rebought once found)- hitboxes of weapons/enemy require fairly precise aiming- plot and main character nothing too special but not bad either"
76561198068728608,Recommended,208750,16525804,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,CenturionCheese,"Immerse yourselves in the world of Ancient Mythology! The storyline has so many allusions to myths it is hard to keep track of them all (and I've yet to have got into the meat of the game!) Awesome game, great artstyle; in the style of red-figure pottery! Amazing soundtrack too.Grab it whilst it is on sale!'War is the Father of all'Heraclitus"
,Recommended,208750,16537149,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,Vernula,"Wow, this game demonstrates how to do boss battles. Every boss battle is unique (With Hades being the one exception); being turned into a Stag and hunted by Artemis, fighting Apollo in pitch darkness guided by his attacks and your torch, fighting a giant Poseidon as he throws your ship like a ragdoll in the ocean, being chased by Ares through a series of death traps, commanding an army against Athena, every boss in this game takes the formula and makes it fresh. If the entire rest of the game sucked it would STILL get this recommendation for the masterfully crafted boss battles alone.Get this game, especially if it's on sale. A word of warning, though; you literally cannot progress through the second half of the game without Lockpicks, so use them judiciously. They do drop randomly if you run out, but still."
76561198061280961,Recommended,208750,16885240,"Posted: 4 July, 2015",all,Tikastro,"This is the most fun I've had in a mainly orange-and-black flat world since Patapon.I would strongly recommend Apotheon to anyone who liked the old DS/GBA Castlevanias. I spent the majority of of my play time in the sidequests, general exploration, reading the stelae, and smashing, smashing, smashing. The only thing I really didn't like was constantly using the right joystick to access weapons and items."
76561198141281551,Recommended,208750,17170793,"Posted: 22 July, 2015",all,Jorgius,"Great setting, good story (a bit of a less hardcore god of war) and some challenging puzzles.Boss fights are very well designed, but normal combats may feel a bit weird due to the lack of collision with enemies (sometimes you are over the enemy and cant target him) but after some time you'll get used to it. There are several weapons, but I ended up just using the same two throughout the whole game."
76561197980004034,Recommended,208750,17172672,"Posted: 22 July, 2015",all,madman3473,"Judged solely on the game-play, and ignoring the style and atmosphere, could I recommend this game? Maybe not. I would't say the game-play's bad, just not outstanding. But the art style of this game is something outstanding. I certainly did enjoy it; and I can recommend it."
76561198005400484,Recommended,208750,17140113,"Posted: 20 July, 2015",all,DoominaBottle,"I tend to be rather verbose with my reviews so I will attempt to keep this one short.I complete the single player game this weekend on normal difficultly, I have not played the online multiplayer so this review will be standing on the merrits of the single player alone.Bare in mind that I was using an X Box pad, I would not recomend playing without some sort of controller.Pros- Good story even with silent protagonist, manages to create its own plot while been very loyal to source material.- Great artwork and level design, music is atmospheric but you won't remember it after leaving the game.- Moderate difficulty platforming, secrets can be spotted with careful eye or by paying attention to map.- Antifrustration features in final level, respawning you on platform if you are unlucky enough to be knocked off platforms.- Auto Save everytime you enter an area.- Good selection of weapons, shields and usuable items though some do seem a little pointless at times.- Fast load and save times, remarkably so compared to the usual 45 seconds to 2 minute wait I've had to put up with in more recent games.- No issues with controller input, worked from the start with no problemsCons- Frequent Crashes to menu when changing areas which then usually followed by a crash to desktop when attempting to continue game.- Combat whilst fun can quickly grow tiresome at times since foes can backpeddle as fast as you can move and the combat system doesn't favour big group combat with difficulties in aiming and swapping weapons.- Selecting weapon/item method is clunky if you don't wish to pause everytime due to the large amount of items to scroll through.- Summons are not avaliable in many areas when you want them most.- Two or three side quests are a little vague if your achievement hunting.- Story isn't entirely clear for people with a lack of knowledge in Greek mythology and may make the ending seem weak.- The Olympian achievement. Seriously I just spent 11-12 hours beating your game and you want me to replay the whole thing on a new unlocked difficulty? With nothing else new apart from dying really quickly? This is a crappy throw back to old gaming, either have the Olympian difficulty unlocked from the start or make it a new game +."
,Recommended,208750,21552155,"Posted: 29 February, 2016",all,Lubuntu,This game is pretty addicting. I can see that a lot of effort went in to the making of the game and the price is fair. The multiplayer alone is worth at least $10.
76561198003875505,Recommended,208750,21550370,"Posted: 29 February, 2016",all,doublecrossingtime,Unique visual style and great platformer. Highly recommend!
,Recommended,208750,21559217,"Posted: 29 February, 2016",all,MiniMichelleyy,I love it!! The artwork is beautiful (obviously) and the gameplay is simple yet challenging! Reminds me of a platformer God of War! :) The music is really well done too. I highly recommend this game to anyone who likes platformer games and good music.
76561198019291257,Recommended,208750,21568601,"Posted: 1 March, 2016",all,Chocolate Boy,This game is sick I can't wait to murder Apollo
76561198049076654,Recommended,208750,21570953,"Posted: 1 March, 2016",all,diltarget,"I love:The combat system is amazing. Stats are not the only thing that give weapons their power. Each weapon among having stats has range and movement patterns that really make combat about qualitative differences instead of hunting the best drops.Weapons break and so they function as a limited reasource, but they are easily replaceable.They do rpg mechanics well. Instead of just being lazy and adding an experience bar they had upgrades you can buy from vendors.The grinding doesn't really exist. Times when I couldn't defeat a boss therefore I decided to go and collect gold to imrove my abilities I wasn't really grinding it actually allowed me to explore areas and find things that I had missed.The game doesn't just shower you with new upgrades, weapons, items, etc. It provides enough gameplay were you feel that you can master each aspect and really build your abilities as a good player of the game.The games astetic is amazing.The artists did an amazing job with the making you feel like you are in this ancient greek world.The level design is lively you actually interact with it and it is not just about using gimicks you actually develop your character.The voice acting while not the best gives you enough story and interaction that it feels some what genuine while not bogging you down in nonsense that doesn't matter.Controller support. I mean with a game like this it is great to have and they actually do it well so that it is actually worth having unlike other games that claim to be controller supported.Things that I dislike:Frame rate sucks. It might just be the fact that the linux version is not that well optimized. It is still playable but you do get a little anoyed when you drop from 60 to 14.There is no modding reasources. I mean it is possible, but there is no support and workshop."
76561198284512720,Recommended,208750,21595865,"Posted: 2 March, 2016",all,<AWC-B> SKINKTHESKINK,Great Game with an intresting new style of art. Fun casual side scrolling 2d with alot of intricate play through.
76561198095924054,Not Recommended,208750,21596069,"Posted: 2 March, 2016",all,FusionJay,Decent game but could have been better if tweaked differently. The game looks interesting but has flaws which makes it hard to recommend.
76561198141718592,Recommended,208750,21613545,"Posted: 3 March, 2016",all,prettypony11,"Kill!!!! Kill for Ares!!!!9/10. A little buggy. It's easy to get outside the map either by needless exploration or getting clobbered too hard. There are also some issues with text running off the screen. Not being able to change item order is also an oversight. Controls are a little hard to work with. However, none of these are game breaking. Really good, worth picking up. Killer voice acting also."
76561198266797435,Recommended,208750,21622438,"Posted: 4 March, 2016",all,Enkidu,"The artwotk is beautiful but the game mechanics are very sloppy and some boss fights are quite ridiculous. It has also bugs alla ling the game that prevent the screen for loading correct. If you want this game, go for the mithology aspects and the art, not the gameplay."
,Recommended,208750,19668034,"Posted: 12 December, 2015",all,Shregma力,jerma is a good voice actor
76561198071290550,Recommended,208750,21537538,"Posted: 28 February, 2016",all,UberPeasant,10/10 Zeus had it coming.
,Recommended,208750,21526306,"Posted: 28 February, 2016",all,Biomechannibal,"If you like Castlevania or Metroid then this will be right up you ally. The game map reminds me of Metroid II: Return of Samus; an overall linear progression from start to finish, but with several deviation areas that you'll need to enter in order to obtain the upgrades. Not all the upgrades are actually necessary to beat the game, but once you move up to either the 'Champion' or 'Olympian' Difficulty Settings, the extra bonuses are certainly worth going out of your way for. Finally, most sections contain at least one secret area which require hidden keys to reach.You collect 'ingrediants' by killing enemies and then use the pause menu to craft them into useable items like potions, traps, and even summon-able allies. Collect the gold they drop to spend on new crafting recipes, more weapons, better armor, and improved combat training. There are a lot of different weapons to be obtained (both primary and secondary), and selecting the right one for any given circumstance can sometimes be the difference between life and death.The best aspect of this game is in how well laid-out the 'boss fights' are. The scenarios are generally challenging, but not aggraviatingly so. Each fight is comeplely unique, using setting appropriate material; such as the fight against Pseidon from the deck of your ship; the seas roiling around you while he pummels your tiny vessel. Not to mention the musical scores that accompany each of the fights lends a desperation to the tone of the game not usually seen in side-scrollers.Do I recommend this game? Yes, it took me almost 18 hours to beat it just on the first Difficulty Setting and I will definately play it through again. Not to mention, once you feel that you're pretty good at the main game, there's Apotheon Arena; the standalone multiplayer portion (which is completely FREE) if you'd like to test you mettle against the best that virtual Greece has to offer!"
,Not Recommended,208750,21666434,"Posted: 6 March, 2016",all,Bosti,- WASD aren't default keys.- It is a 'laggy' game.+ Graphic is interesting.- Story isn't awesome...Don't buy it or play it.
,Recommended,208750,21198926,"Posted: 13 February, 2016",all,SpaceInvaydr (Road To 1K),"Combat is a little clunky, but the story and art style coupled with the sound track really draw you in."
76561197987230725,Recommended,208750,21199609,"Posted: 13 February, 2016",all,Smoking_Penguin,"Apartheon was a huge surprise for me. its not often a game comes along that has somthing so unique to offer. the graphics are incredible. the story is suprisingly good. all the gods actuly behave like the gods in there respective legends and not some watered down disney vershion. i realy enjoyed the gameplay, a sort of Dark Souls meets Metroid. I hartily recomend it."
,Recommended,208750,21093252,"Posted: 9 February, 2016",all,SinewySimian,"UPDATED. Just finished the game, and my opinion is unchanged from my initial impressions. I adore this game and enjoyed very nearly every minute of it. Combat is a little awkward; there are a few glitchy things, and I crashed a few times... but it's all forgivable, because this game feels like it was made just for me.This is the only game I can recall where the mythology was truly given a proper treatment. It's woven into the entire game and presented with care and affection. I've been fascinated with Greek mythology since I was a child, and am not used to seeing it presented with such fidelity in any entertainment medium. I enjoyed Disney's animated Hercules film, and the first two God of War games on Playstation, but in either one of those cases the mythology could have been swapped with entirely original characters and no one would have known the difference. Here, the mythology IS the story, and it's done very well. And I am in love with the visuals: the varied color palettes, the silhouetted Greek pottery art style complete with texture and lighting overlay and simulated imperfections. I could stare at it forever; it's gorgeous... and the music is wonderful, too.Yet it's so difficult to unconditionally recommend the game, and the combat and controls are the reason. Using mouse and keyboard, the game controls like Terraria: Move with WASD, jump with spacebar, and control your weapons with the mouse, pointing the cursor around the screen to determine the direction you will strike. You will either be okay with these controls, or you will hate them. Personally, I thought they worked pretty well most of the time. I didn't love the apparent inability to choose how I was going to swing my weapon, but I didn't find it much of an issue on the normal difficulty, which is a little on the easy side. Now if I spent a few hours on Olympian difficulty, I might feel much differently. I haven't decided whether I'm going to attempt that yet.Overall, though, I am thoroughly impressed with this game. Loved it, loved it."
76561198049813688,Recommended,208750,21220099,"Posted: 14 February, 2016",all,Maximae Ignatius Magnus,Very fun greek mythology game. Definitly Recommending this beautiful peice of someones heart and soul to the population of not only Dion ( becuase its abit dead! ) but to the modern civilization also
76561198091338385,Recommended,208750,21263748,"Posted: 16 February, 2016",all,daveintheD,Great game!
,Recommended,208750,21035331,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,stabileleonardo,the only sad thing are the constant crashes during online multiplayer....
,Recommended,208750,21161727,"Posted: 12 February, 2016",all,Jacques Cartier,very good m8 much recommend
,Recommended,208750,16774364,"Posted: 28 June, 2015",all,con_ninja,"Fantastic game, and a unique idea. I'm been playing for hours and will happily be playing for many more. Fanastic graphics, soundtrack and atmosphere. 10/10."
76561198041877145,Recommended,208750,16721746,"Posted: 26 June, 2015",all,Captain Starlight,"GoodThe artwork - Absolutely beautiful. This is probably the prettiest game I have ever played.The Story - The story is clever and is tight enough to be told purely through stuff that actually happens in game, so there is zero mucking around with a billion codex pages like some games.Level design - Every level is challenging in it's own way, and no two levels will be resolved in the same situation, some will require a stealthy approach, some will require straight out bloodshed, and some will need brains rather than brawn.Subject matter - This game delves far into greek mythology and is excellent in using it.Combat - Combat is challenging, but if you take enemies as they arrive, it is usually quite manageable, and will leave you with a sense of accomplishment after the more difficult enemies.Teaching the player - This game sort of throws the player right into the thick of it and teaches as it goes. It teaches everything you need to know without being too heavy or too light with the explanations.BadControls - With a keyboard the controls are somewhat clunky and some attacks, especially the bow, are very slow to respond. I even had some occurences where some of the more exotic weapons completely broke down, and prevented me from attacking, and one situation where I just stopped being able to block for no reason. The clunckiness of the controls also means that the platforming parts are usually a chore.Weapons/Items - There are far too many weapons and items in this game. There's 4 different categories of melee weapons, and then probably 5 or 6 different types within each category, and you can usually carry at least one of each type. When you combine that with all the shields, arrows, slings, potions, traps, etc, your inventory is quite difficult to manage.Finally, in my opinion the final boss fight area thing is utterly terrible. I found it so bad that rather than feeling like I achieved something, finishing the game just left a bad taste in my mouth. The entire section just completely ignored all the strengths of the game and used level designs and mechanics that emphasised everything that was wrong with the game.However, with the exception of the truly awful ending, I thoroughly enjoyed this game, and I would recommend it."
76561197996799915,Recommended,208750,17176461,"Posted: 22 July, 2015",all,wifi213,Fun game with upgrades and crafting usable items.
76561198084711357,Recommended,208750,17184376,"Posted: 23 July, 2015",all,MC Mandarin,Fantastic game that fully embraces the ancient greek theme.
,Recommended,208750,17184994,"Posted: 23 July, 2015",all,Cani Terrae,"This game is so beautiful that the gods of Olympus cursed mankind in a jealous rage.Also, it's fun.  Apotheon is about the Gods withdrawing their support from he mortal realm, and one man's quest to...convince them otherwise.  I've been convincing a lot of gods with my xiphos sword. xDFun, story-driven side-scrolling action reminescent of Castelvania or similar titles.  The art is perfect and on point, as is the voice acting, and the combat.  It's simple combat, mind you, nothing like the Arkham titles, of course.  But it's all polished, and it's all pretty fun!"
,Recommended,208750,17208416,"Posted: 24 July, 2015",all,LostTARDIS,"This was a really good game that had a great art style, interesting storyline that involved Greek mythology and wasn't too hard or too easy."
76561198145295499,Recommended,208750,17159029,"Posted: 21 July, 2015",all,Trees,"Greek Mythology is Amazing, Apotheon expemplifies the greatness of the Archaic Religion. Very Well Put togtether."
76561198046307840,Recommended,208750,16989714,"Posted: 11 July, 2015",all,Markus Raynolds,"Well. This game is awesome and I can only recommend it. From what I know about the greek mythology this game is quite accurate, the gameplay itself is motivating and it feels awesome to beat someone to death. With a Hammer. While laughing like crazy... Anyway, it took me 11 hours to play through, for the money, I can highly recommend it."
,Recommended,208750,17002287,"Posted: 11 July, 2015",all,Tupscal,"I don't know how this game hasn't been more publicly acclaimed, because it has wonderful controller mechanics with visually stunning greece-inspired art and is compelling from beginning to end.I loved the art, music and story, the last levels were particularly brilliant (kudos to the Athena one). If you enjoy a 2d game, go for it!"
,Recommended,208750,17006467,"Posted: 12 July, 2015",all,Gills,"This game is absolutely awesome!!!I have always loved ancient greek culture, mythology, and art and i got to say this game has it all!The storyline is great, the melee combat is awesome, the music is awe inspiring, and the art is amazing i seriously recommend this game to everyone you can't go wrong with it 10/10"
,Recommended,208750,17052054,"Posted: 14 July, 2015",all,Antonius Palatinus,"This is an outstanding game, i'm quite impressed and would like to thank developer team for their work.Pros:Fluent controls(i play with xbox controller)Beautiful art and graphicsGood plot(i was quite touched in the end)Satisfying combat system with lots of disposable weaponry, there are bows, spears, swords, etc, all authentic ancient greek like sarissa, kopis, leaf-shaped xiphos etc.Exploration is fun and is rewardedHuge game deph: you can craft traps, potions, magic items that will summon allies, and a lot more.Made with love to Greek mythology, there are a lot of quotes from ancient sourses, nothing in game feels off.Level design and boss battles are outstanding, unique and epic. Fighting Poseidon and labirynth of Athena are my favourites.Music is very atmospheric and melodic, i loved the harp main theme, the vocal parts in Agora and clay drums in Poseidon's level.Also you can play local arena versus friend!I found no cons, mb only that the game is poorly advertised."
,Recommended,208750,17067466,"Posted: 15 July, 2015",all,Yuuki,"Fantastic Metrovania with an amazing art style, a beautiful soundtrack and great gamedesign which is sometimes borderline genius. It's also a lot of fun to play with a great, physics-based combat system and a myriad of different weapons and items to use. Definitely check this game out, it's a lot of fun."
76561198122320895,Recommended,208750,16969176,"Posted: 9 July, 2015",all,Kevin,"Apotheon----------A great platformer, its strong points are its beautiful design, music track and story. The game gives you a mood that you are exploring a mythic world and you are going to tear the gods from their rule.The music accompanied with this game fits that mood perfectly.You gather armor tiers and you can craft potions which may boost you or summon allies. The armor system is done pretty nice, once you gather higher tier armor, your total armor level expands. That means that once you can still wear your other armor purely for cosmetic reasons while retaining the armor level.There is no experience or statistics system, but the game does not really need that.You do get an array of weaponry with names that stem from ancient Greece. Spears are Doru, swords are Xiphos, etc.The controls are a little floaty, but the developers have taken away frustrations that other platformers have. When you reach the edge of a platform, you hang off of it and you can gradually slide down or climb up.Something I did not really like was the fact that you assault guards who clearly are not hostile to you unless you attack them first. It made me feel a bit like an ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ to attack them first just so I can progress in the game. But this is just my opinion.Ingame, I missed the classic monsters like the Centaur, Pegasus, Minotaur, Manticore, Hydra and the Medusa Gorgon. I was hoping to fight those as well.Furthermore the Steam achievements for Apotheon are a little too easy to gather.----------Nevertheless, Apotheon is a godly game and I really recommend it to anyone into Metroidvania games."
76561198202370723,Recommended,208750,21836030,"Posted: 14 March, 2016",all,MICRORAPTOR,"I haven't finished the game yet,but I still have something to say.This is an interesting horizontal version ""open-world"" action game. In this game, playing as an ancient Greek warrior, you are going to fight against Zeus who has turned his back on human. Here are some good points of this game:1.Open world. You can explore nearly all the places in the game and kill nearly all the NPCs you meet;2.Wonderful graphics. Just like ancient Greek wall paintings;3.Various weapons. Spear, bow, Greek fire......remember: normal weapons will be broken if they are used for many times."
76561197985304161,Recommended,208750,25487600,"Posted: 12 September, 2016",all,binaca33,"The outstanding art and theme really outshine most of the problems with this fun and immersive game about man and god duking it out in ancient Greece. This is a game in the style of Metroid where dungeons/levels can be tackled in any order.The game aims to resemble a rotating vase of Greek origin and succeeds magnificiently.  It looks like you are playing a game on a piece of ancient greek pottery.  The unique art style and story wasn't thrown together in a couple hours; the developers really did their research when it came to Greek mythology and captured all the flaws and craziness of Greek dieties.  There are flavor text signposts all around the world and great voice acting.  The final climb up to Zeus is awesome and has memorable voice acting.  Levels and boss battles are unique; my favorite was the fight against Artemis when you alternate between deer and hunter.Unforunately there are a couple flaws which may turn off some people.  The game is physics based so fighting and jumping is ""floaty"". Control is not precise like a Metroid game.  Also, the inventory management is a mess and there are way too many weapons and items.  I understand the developers wanted to give the players choices but there are too many weapons to cycle through during combat and selecting items is a similar pain.  There should have been fewer weapons and items or you should have been able to set certain items to quick keys/buttons.  I recommend a controller for maximum enjoyment but still expect to be frustrated by the inventory system.I understand the game will not be for everyone but give it a chance (at least until a boss fight) as I think the developers did a great job capturing the world of ancient Greek gods in video game form."
,Recommended,208750,24449403,"Posted: 21 July, 2016",all,Ser Darlene,"Great looking game. The fighting mechanics are a lot of fun, each weapon has its own style. The game forces you to be clever about what weapons are suited for a certain job. You can end up in some great shield-blocking, roll-away and slash kind of duels.Other highlights include simple, but thoughtful puzzles; lots of people talking in really dramatic fashion; and some cool boss battles.This is definitely a ""BUY"""
76561198050072837,Recommended,208750,24366053,"Posted: 16 July, 2016",all,Undertaker Infinity,Nice fast action with either mouse or twin sticks.Beware: cloud saves are broken. I lost quite some progress to this.
,Recommended,208750,25811917,"Posted: 1 October, 2016",all,aalpontes,Nice plataformer. Control response excellent.
76561198136177979,Recommended,208750,25771452,"Posted: 29 September, 2016",all,Bebo,great game. short but well priced for its size.
76561198127836069,Recommended,208750,25743483,"Posted: 28 September, 2016",all,Nikolai,"Awesome game, with one of kind art. The story was intresting, somewhat at least.  I do reccomend!"
76561198034801070,Recommended,208750,27337593,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,[SwissGuards] B-man,"A truly great game. Let alone the rich and well executed mythological Greece theme the gameplay itself is amazing. Fluid and decisive combat, numerous weapon options, craftable potions and traps, side missions and treasure hunting for those who seek it. I'll admit I enjoyed the game far more because I love ancient/mythological Greece (the references in this are on point btw) but aside form that this game really is worth it. I got around 20 hours of gameplay out of it (taking my time finding all chests, searching every nook and cranny) just fyi and I enjoyed every minute of it."
,Not Recommended,208750,27284514,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Drogo,I really wanted to like this game. I love studying ancient Greece so naturally this game appealed to me. The graphics are wonderful and the story was engaging. I just couldn't get into the combat. The combat is not fun and I find it to be a chore.
76561198028910997,Recommended,208750,27271261,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Darkener,"The game is beautiful.Dialogue is interesting.Characters are you interact with (The Gods) vary in personality.The boss fights are extremely fun, with each having its own sort of niche.And the overall world is great.I recommend it if you're into history, theology, metroidvania with light platforming, etc"
76561198297902060,Recommended,208750,26636033,"Posted: 16 November, 2016",all,loons5150,"After I'd originally purchased the game, I sat down for a few hours with it and didn't really enjoy it. I don't know if I was accustomed to smoother play mechanics or what, but I didn't touch it for nearly a year. Then, I saw it sitting there in my inventory of games, and thought, what the hell, why not? I'm glad I gave it another shot. If you take some time and patience, the game becomes quite fluid, and the graphics and art style are worth the price of admission.Bottom line: For ~17 hours of gameplay and captivating story (true to Greek mythos), yes, pick it up!"
76561198030869965,Recommended,208750,26612060,"Posted: 15 November, 2016",all,davidstiles,"This is a really great game. The gameplay reminds me a bit of the old NES classic Faxanadu, but with a really cool design style based on ancient Greek black-figure pottery. And it has serious educational value. If you don't already know about the gods of Greek mythology, you'll get to know them in this game as you go around defeating them! So in short, this game is fun to play, beautiful to look at, and it has some real cultural and educational value. I got it on sale, but if I had known how good it is, I would have gladly paid full price!"
76561198118158041,Recommended,208750,26594648,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,FishingMan,Great game! Can't believe all this stuff actually happened.8/10
76561197985705536,Recommended,208750,30885739,Posted: 1 April,all,Eidolon,"Everyone like the Romans, but not everyone likes the Greeks.  There are so many games out there devoted to the Roman legacy, but hardly anything commemorating the Ancient Greeks!  Which is a shame to be certain, for the Greeks are full of potential for video games of all sorts of genres.  Here we have a great telling of a hero's tale as you combat the Greek Parthenon of gods and even big daddy Zeus himself to save your town and existance.Pros: The art is amazing!  The whole game is like a Greek Attic vase, and everything is visually enchanting.  The story is interesting too as you champion your way to the top of Mount Olympus to beat the snot out of Zeus and his cronies.Cons:  Occasionally the combat could get a bit tricky control wise, but you have ample opportunites to fight your way through.  Also was not able to bang Aphrodite, so....Overall: 10/10 - When in Rome, do as the Romans do.  When in Greece, go kill the gods because reasons."
,Recommended,208750,19858971,"Posted: 22 December, 2015",all,TheSithElite,Freaking great action game. It also helps that I love Greek Mythologly.
76561198032575353,Recommended,208750,26277858,"Posted: 28 October, 2016",all,DagonDogs,"TL;DR (lengthy full review here:http://dagondogs.com/2016/10/26/apotheon-initial-impressions-review/)I actually think Apotheon is not a bad game. It's well-made and has some distinct positives to the overall package. I just happen to disagree with a lot of the design choices the developers made in regards to the combat, platforming, level-design, and story. I really want to like Apotheon because there's a lot here, but my personal preferences prevent me from doing so. I'd still recommend it, overall. Just know, you're getting a grindy MetroidVania with some deliberately peculiar combat mechanics, a stiff economy and character progression system, amidst an overly epic story about Greek mythology. It looks damn good though."
,Recommended,208750,19759671,"Posted: 18 December, 2015",all,Vitalus101,"Apotheon is an excellent metroidvania-style game with an amazing art style and an interesting, classically reminiscent story. Its combat system brings a lot to the table. Although it initially comes off as rather clunky, there is actually quite a bit of depth and skill required to efficiently handle the combat scenarios. I fell in love with this game within the first half hour and kept coming back over the course of 2 days to complete the game and get all of the achievements. I cannot recommend this game enough. Best game to put on a vase."
,Recommended,208750,26950173,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Breakfast Tea,Horse Lord Best Lord
,Recommended,208750,15544935,"Posted: 25 April, 2015",all,Capz,"A hidden gem. Very stylistic, strong on story with the Greek mythology and smooth controls.The moment you enter the game you are moving within a Greek mythic story, all represented on the artstyle of the pottery of that age. You'll love it."
76561198035803860,Recommended,208750,15557661,"Posted: 26 April, 2015",all,Aphroomerooney,"If you enjoy metroid/castlevania style games, you are going to love apotheon.The game features really great boss fights and fun exploration similar to games like dark souls.(If you set the difficulty high)The unique art-style may put you off (in my case) but once you get in the game that is no longer an issue."
76561197985423620,Recommended,208750,15470591,"Posted: 20 April, 2015",all,JOAOTRINTA,"Beautiful game, simple and with lots of weapons that changes the gameplay style.Recomend."
76561198026042632,Recommended,208750,15472303,"Posted: 20 April, 2015",all,badjohn86,having some fun playing this game. greeks and their tragedies. playing with a controller and loving it.
,Recommended,208750,15502523,"Posted: 23 April, 2015",all,Mr Faorry,"TF2's very own Jerma985 voice's the horse lord, yea i knew you'd buy it when you read that bit"
,Recommended,208750,15508717,"Posted: 23 April, 2015",all,Jérome,"Excellent platformer+ remarkable and original art concept: this is a brilliant idea executed perfectly and the visuals are simply gorgeous+ semi-open world which is fun to explore and very interactive (especially for a 2D platformer)+ decent story appealing to anyone who likes ancient Greek mythology+ secrets, a pinch of puzzles and some challenging achievements+ varied enemies and unique Gods (bosses) with specific attributes, art and the way to deal with them+ distinctive controls and physics that can be mastered after some practice (I haven't even tried Apotheon on KB+mouse but playing on gamepad worked smooth for me; only changing weapons/items is rather slow and uncomfortable)+ great music- some parts are rather hard or require much patience"
76561197978109678,Recommended,208750,15394716,"Posted: 15 April, 2015",all,ragazzi99,Simple but fun game.  Looks beautiful and the greek concept is unique and wonderful.  Great game.  BUY NOW.
,Recommended,208750,15405281,"Posted: 16 April, 2015",all,Bingus Gear Flex,"Pretty solid game! A fun sort of platformer with interesting, albeit clunky, combat. Took me about 12 hours to finish and I didn't quite unlock everything. Plenty of exploration and finding of secrets and weapons. It's kind of an interesting game, in which commiting crime seems to be the favorable choice, as it gets you the most stuff. (I guess it makes sense, since your'e essentially killing off the gods anyways.)The big thing I'd change is the combat system. It doesn't make any sense. See, for the most part you've got an overhead, underhand, and (if you've got a weapon with a pointy bit at the end) a thrust. I don't entirely know how to trigger the over and under attacks, as the game doesn't say how. This can be a little troublesome, as you can hit walls, damaging the durability of your weapons. I recommend sticking to thrust attacks, as all you have to do is click to trigger that, it attacks further and doesn't collide with walls near as much. Also getting the item from Hermes and using it is... weird at times, erratically breaking and allowing you to break the game in some locations.Other than that, the voice acting is solid. The asthetic is great! It's like you're playing on an old Greek urn. The gameplay can still be fun, even if it's a little clunky. Give it a go if you like platformers with combat! Just don't be too aggresive on harder difficulties and work your dodge roll."
,Recommended,208750,15405581,"Posted: 16 April, 2015",all,install eyes,The♥♥♥♥♥♥♥in this game are overloading me
76561198022669875,Recommended,208750,15408450,"Posted: 16 April, 2015",all,derf,"Love this game, took about 16-18 hours to finish.  Great fighting mechanics - best use of a shield I have seen in a game.  Cool puzzle levels, some race levels and enough varied content.  Artwork and music are great."
,Recommended,208750,15336135,"Posted: 13 April, 2015",all,ham shot FIRST,"This game is making me re-evaluate my feelings about platformers in general. Very addictive, interesting, and always something new to do. I was worried it might be repetitive. So far so good."
76561198111017763,Recommended,208750,23391448,"Posted: 4 June, 2016",all,Dinnex,cøøl
,Recommended,208750,23498689,"Posted: 11 June, 2016",all,{FU}Xolotl,"The art style is amazing, of course but the gameplay is also really satisfying. The Linx port was great, thanks Alien Trap :D"
,Recommended,208750,23321548,"Posted: 31 May, 2016",all,Morasha,"If you liked Mark of the Ninja, you'll like this one too. Or, if you liked this, you'll like Mark of the Ninja too :)"
,Recommended,208750,21539667,"Posted: 28 February, 2016",all,Toastmaster,"I found this to be one of the best independent games I've played in a long time.  The artistic style was refreshing, the combat mechanics are pretty advanced (but not complicated), the music set a great tone, and it had a great sense of exploration.  I liked the mood of the game - it's hard to describe, but it's a feeling that most games don't offer.I only have three major complaints about the game:1. The British accent of all the characters was off-putting.  It really shouldn't be that hard to do a Greek accent.2. There were too many items to work with, and it felt clumsy all the way to the end.  I pretty much never used any potions unless I knew I was just about to get into a fight.  The way I see it, being able to throw melee weapons was unnecessary and the controller button for it should have been replaced with either ""attack with projectile weapon"" or ""use potion"".3. The introduction to the story was really lacking.  The story as the game portrays it is decent, but it felt like there were gaps in it.  I suppose it's better if you actually read things like The Odessey.Anyway, Apotheon is a great game and reminded me a lot of Diablo II, except requires more skill."
,Recommended,208750,22379267,"Posted: 12 April, 2016",all,w| everest,"Starts off like most side-scrollers, but then gives you a variety of enemies and weapons that will determine how you battle. Online is okay too. Short, but sweet. Overall I'd say it's a good couch game."
,Recommended,208750,15991639,"Posted: 24 May, 2015",all,Brentius Caeterson,"If you don't use an Intel graphics card, look at this game, and buy it instantly.""He, isn't that the guy who killed the goddess of the hunt with a bow, killed the god of the sun with fire, brought the seeds of life back to earth, killed the god of war, defeated the goddess of wisdom in a trial, and won the favor of the goddess of love?""""Lets kill him!"""
,Recommended,208750,19836861,"Posted: 21 December, 2015",all,[PDΔ]Matix,"Don't be fooled the store page serves this game no justice, it's not as dull as it may look. If you're Indie fan or not this game is a hidden gem, it also has its own unique taste of greek mythology. 8/10"
,Recommended,208750,28618098,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,D15251,Have had so many issues trying to play this game. I cannot recommend trying to play on OSX or with a controller.
,Recommended,208750,28615874,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,♤ndenrx,"Really great with steam controller. Amazing game, however there are a few bugs (stuff like an AIs getting caught in the doorway).Definitely worth $15 though."
76561198057194771,Recommended,208750,28655657,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,CaptainKzer,"Mechanically elementary and with a basic narrative, Apotheon is an experience made worthwhile by the atmosphere it cultivates and its satisfyingly simple gameplay."
76561198090030933,Recommended,208750,28515386,"Posted: 21 December, 2016",all,ManofManyMemes,"it's a great game, but still prone to glitching; eg, all the sound disappeared, and restarting didn't change anything, but still a wonderful game"
76561198155870841,Recommended,208750,28429368,"Posted: 17 December, 2016",all,Teslawings,"This games art style and music makes a butifull feel and when you kill a god you feel like such a bad♥♥♥♥♥lots of content main story side quests and multiplayer thou the multi player is buggy its a nice bonus to a alredyamazing game.There are also a ton of weppons and enemy types.The god battles can be hard but raise your bad♥♥♥♥♥meter when you kill them and take there weppons.Its the type of game that will leave a mark with a uniqe expirence and make yousay ""YOU DARE chalenge a GOD"" for a long time.Every one should have the experience who wants to do game stuff"
,Recommended,208750,28663461,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,Cabbuce,"Wow. This game is a masterpiece. Slowly, after fighting some gods, you grow stronger, and eventually become strong enough to kil gods. The ending of this game hit me like a wall of bricks. This game has fun combat, tight controls, and WONDERFUL storytelling."
,Recommended,208750,28459633,"Posted: 18 December, 2016",all,sherlockian6,"This is great game, for the most part. Throughout the game there were a number of instances where I found slight errors occuring with the controls. BUT, the one thing that I found nearly unforgivable was the extreme number of control errors that I came across when battling Zeus. Not only did I experience an excessive number of controling errors, but at random points throughout the fight my potions of invulnerability would cease to work. All around this is a decent game, but the pricing feels high for me at 15 dollars, I purchased the game on sale for 7.50, which feels much more reasonable."
,Recommended,208750,19704557,"Posted: 14 December, 2015",all,UN1V3RZUM,"Like side scroller from the '90's. Set in Greek mythology with vibrant and sharp graphics. Formula for making great games, great again."
,Recommended,208750,28130982,"Posted: 1 December, 2016",all,OldRebel,"I just finished this game and wow I mean wow, the ending the begining its all a work of art. 10/10But really the ending I think is great!"
76561198155989717,Recommended,208750,28059035,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,lucasnots,I think this game has a beatiful art style and a good story.Would recommend.
,Recommended,208750,30969199,Posted: 5 April,all,GDarolith,"What a wonderful game.The story was magnificent, accurate enough to please most any mythology buff, and long enough to have resolution. The main story is excellent because you can work your way towards it quickly or thoroughly. There is plenty more to discover than what is necessary to reach the end of the game.The gameplay is interesting and takes some getting used to. It is quality sidescrolling and the level design is quite excellent. Fighting (which is the main mechanic) can be tricky and frankly a bit clumsy, but it works well enough.Now the best parts of the game are the music and art. All of the levels are done in this beautiful classical era art. It is like you are playing the whole thing on the side of a vase. The music is epic in the right places, beautiful in others.Definitely a great game, probably about an 8/10 at least."
,Recommended,208750,28784181,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,schodaw,Nice game play.  The combat system seems slow as first but it requires you to time your attacks correctly.A large panel of weapons and many hidden locations to explore.
,Recommended,208750,28837724,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,Peasants,"Good side scroller, it's not too difficult and has an interesting story. There's plenty of secret areas and jars to break."
76561198022230454,Recommended,208750,28783500,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,SolSeptem,"I'm generally very picky when it comes to Metroidvania-style games, but this game hit the nail on the head. Fans of either Castlevania or greek mythology need to give this game a try.Pro's:*A compelling world to explore. The artstyle and ancient greek lore work very well. There are also quite a lot of secrets to find. The Greek gods are the ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s you expect them to be and it makes for a satisfying story.* Good selection of weapons, which facilitate exciting and fast-paced combat.* Combat AI of enemies seems well-made, ducking and blocking to avoid your attacks.* Well-made boss battles.Con's:* The art style is somewhat low in contrast, making things hard to distinguish sometimes, especially in the map screen* Weapon durability system. I'm generally not a fan of weapons breaking, and since you can't repair equipment you will need to find replacements. These are, fortunately, abundant, even for the magic weapons. The abundancy of said magic weapons makes them feel less special, though.* the rewards for treasure hunting drop off when you have eventually found all types of weapons. There's not a new weapon around every corner, like would be the case in Castlevania."
,Recommended,208750,29082117,Posted: 7 January,all,Kropolis,"I've beaten this before on a GOG version, currently beating it on Champion, and will beat it on Olympian. I only bought it again on Steam to support the developers. That should tell you how good of a game this is."
,Recommended,208750,28816787,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,ุ,"nice abilities to use and also good graphic , and just another great story ... soundtracks are well and gives you passion in battles ."
76561198165656000,Recommended,208750,30992532,Posted: 7 April,all,[45th]HolyBlyat,"I feel like I have spent a credible amount of time on this game, and completed it twice, once on normal and once on warrior mode, to feel like my review means something.The overview is you are living in the Ancient Greek era, and your gods have abandoned you, and you town left to be pillaged and destroyed. The game revolves around this as you have to *SPOILER* fight the rouge gods for their power over your broken planet. The final showdown is with Zeus, in which you become a God and destroy all others of you beat him.Let's begin with the art style. Set in Ancient Greece, the devs must have thought it was a great idea to make the art style like Greek pottery. They where right! It is one of the most beautiful games I have ever played!Next, the gameplay. While you think, ""oh it's a side scroller action game"" I laugh. No, it isn't. Well, partly. The thing is, you can play it to your style. If you had to call it anything, it would be a ""side scroller action adventure RPG"". This is only a certain way of playing. What I'm saying is, I didn't even use the RPG or adventure elements until my second game. I looked around a bit more in my second game and realised I hadn't explored most of the map!And one last thing - don't expect it to be an easy game. At first it's a push over, but expect puzzles, races, and bosses *cough*Zeus*cough*. So yeah, really good game.10/10 would kill the King of the cosmos with a mirror again."
76561198048227370,Recommended,208750,29145644,Posted: 9 January,all,Sigourney Weiner,"I've barely played this game, but what of it I did play was really fun, great mechanics and pretty good story."
76561198126586236,Recommended,208750,29162528,Posted: 10 January,all,Verisof08,"This game is just amazing. The story is great, kind of god of war, The artstyle is fabulous and the mechanics are solid. A big pro to this game is the AI which even on normal difficulty, which is the easiest, gives you trouble, and when u are fighting u really have that satisfaction when u block an attak right in the last moment or kill your enemy with a badass throw of spear :))) The sidequests are also very fun to do and they don't feel like a burden, and are somtimes funny too. That being said I really love everything about this game and I totally recommend it to you."
76561197971992204,Recommended,208750,30022699,Posted: 18 February,all,LeninThePenguin,"The gameplay was fun and refreshing, not your typical side scroller. It was more action and weapon focused, with a unique aiming mechanism, yet still fun and charming.  And I love this greek art style."
76561198087220255,Recommended,208750,30002505,Posted: 17 February,all,TheRealZorah,"This game does a bang-up job at what it tries to do. Bravo, Alientrap.It plays like a flash game that's actually really good. The combat is tactile and it feels nice and spiffy when you spit a man on your xyphos. I personally like to cheese the game by throwing boulders at everything--recommend, btw."
76561198063269884,Recommended,208750,30039321,Posted: 19 February,all,sbwilson,"Beautiful and fun game. To add to what another reviewer wrote, some of the things you can do in this game:Sail the seaPlay a drinking game at a party with DionysusManneuver Athena's rotating labyrinthEscape from a prisonHunt down a gang of assassinsExplore underwater ruinsFight in a trap-filled arena with AresFight a CyclopsFight underwater against mermenFight on horsebackTraverse the rivers of Hades while beating back the deadGet turned into a stag and survive being hunted by Artemis for long enough until she turns into a stag and you get a chance to hunt her, and take turns like this until one of you kills the other!However, for me, a controller is required. I found the keyboard/mouse combo completely unuseable."
76561198043383556,Recommended,208750,30036383,Posted: 19 February,all,Apoel.Perix,one of the best indie games out there. if you like greek mythology you will love it :)
,Recommended,208750,29975325,Posted: 16 February,all,Dubhe14,"Oh man I had so much fun with this game.  On every level, it was lovely, the gameplay was fun, the art style was beautiful, and the presentation of Greek Mythology was absolutely spot on.Honestly, thinking back on it now, I'm just amazed at all the things you get to do in this game!Sail the seaPlay a drinking game at a partyManneuver a labyrinthEscape from a prisonHunt down a gang of assassinsExplore underwater ruinsFight in a trap-filled arenaFight a CyclopsFight underwaterFight on horsebackGet turned into a stag and survive being hunted by Artemis for long enough until she turns into a stag and you get a chance to hunt her, and take turns like this until one of you kills the other!I understand a lot of people have trouble with the combat, so they come away thinking it's floaty and imprecise.  I absolutely loved the combat, so here's some advice for anyone about to start the game:  it's all about controlling the distance between you and the enemy!A spear can only damage at its point, so if a baddie gets between you and the point of your spear, you won't be able to hit him until you put some distance between you.  Spears are good if you want to stay at a distance, but you have to make sure the enemy doesn't close in on you.  Swords are close range and deal damage along their entire edge, but are easily blocked by shields.  Axes and Maces are slow to attack, but do so at an arc - if you're really good you can time your attacks to swing over an enemy shield and hit them on the head.  Swords > Spears > Axes > Swords, it's really well-balanced, and you'll be switching weapons all the time to get an advantage!On top of that, you get to explore this beautifully-drawn world of Greek pottery and meet some of the biggest names in Greek mythology as you ascend Mount Olympus.  I whole-heartedly recommend it!"
76561197982798425,Recommended,208750,29995187,Posted: 17 February,all,SlaughterSkin,For such a simple guy I am enthralled by it's execution.  The art style is just amazing!I would also like to point out that the combat is actually a lot of fun.  I'd love to see a sequel to this game!
76561197990267910,Recommended,208750,29565618,Posted: 29 January,all,Random Sime,"This is a beautiful game. I feel like I'm playing a scrolling Greek vase or fresco.I get a strong Metroidvania vibe about this game. It's like an action-oriented Mark of the Ninja.The level design is that there's a hub from which you can reach several zones, and those zones themselves are hubs to a few more, small zones where you complete your tasks before moving on. It's a great flow.My only con is a little one. The weapon management is a little jankey. At some points you can be juggling 20 items in 4 colums, but I guess this is motivation to complete your weapon loadout before battle. But then sometimes there's no saving mid-zone, so you can get killed trying to select a weapon.Ultimately I say this is a must buy. I've spent all afternoon playing it and I look forward to my next session."
76561198038683650,Recommended,208750,29409950,Posted: 21 January,all,NachoSato,A work of artGraphics 10Music 10story 10000000000
,Recommended,208750,29339721,Posted: 18 January,all,Sitiya,Have you ever wished your heroic life could be detailed on Classical pottery?
,Recommended,208750,29351271,Posted: 18 January,all,pancho,100% mcloving it because it has Jerma in it.
,Recommended,208750,29673052,Posted: 3 February,all,waelhadaya,"I don't really know what to say about this game, my experience with it was somewhat mixed.Let's start with the pros, the music is awesome which is always a plus, the mythology and the story with the way its told are nice, the art style is cool and unique, the game is not short, and the voice acting is top notch.The cons outweigh the pros in my opinion, why can't I sell something from my inventory? Why the weapons have such a tight durability that it breaks before I even get to enjoy it a little bit? Why there is no meaningful progression system to feel rewarded? Why the UI and the inventory are so freaking hard to access and to use (most of the times I couldn't pick the right weapon and the right potion in mid fight because it's so confusing and insufficient to use)? These problems could be easily fixed by the developers, I don't see a reason why it's the way it is.The fighting mechanics are overly simplified, the gameplay gets repetitive easily as the art style and assets keeps repeating themselves the whole game (except for few levels which were unique with superior quality than some other levels), there is no meaningful rewards for exploration, all you get is the same few weapons, few armor upgrades (I wouldn't really call them upgrades) and some items to craft potions, that's it, The same 4 or 5 enemies types are all of what this game have, they are not really unique from each other as well,Again my experience was mixed, it took me 15 hours to beat this game on the hard difficulty, some of these hours felt fun while most of the times it felt like a chore to finish the game, I'm barely recommending this game just for the music, the story and the concept, but overall it's just an average game that gets a 5 out of 10 in my book."
,Recommended,208750,29822497,Posted: 10 February,all,Ayam Panggang,"The combat is very good (especially the battle against the gods), the atmosphere is amazing, the visuals looked really good, the various weapons and consumables, and the story is pretty good. Overall a really great game, i really enjoyed playing it till the endWould rate 8,5/10"
,Recommended,208750,29877250,Posted: 12 February,all,Melvin710,Super fun totally like the whole greek thing goin on. The variety of weapons is dope and just mudering stuff. get it if your cool.
76561198006876821,Recommended,208750,29736475,Posted: 5 February,all,Ravenscar,"This review is completely biased. I'm a Grecco-Roman historian, and seeing the classical artwork brought to life, coupled with a fantastic soundtrack, was a total win for me.This game looks FANTASTIC. The use of classical artwork from black-figure pottery just fits, and is very true to form (no removal of Priapian appendanges, ahem). The fact that the background is actual a marble wall with the game painted on, is such a cool touch. Also, the different evnironments are unique and varierd - the forests of Artemis felt very different from the levels in Hades, and the tone was just right. The voice acting is pretty top notch too, better than some AAA games even. As should be the case, all classical figures are Britsh. This is correct and proper.The mythology of ancient Greece is nicely incorporated into the story, and the plethora of classical Greek weaponry gives a lot of diversity for playthrough. The combat can get a little hectic and clumsy at times, but the overall polish of the game overroad that for me.I only had a few stability issues, with a couple of CTD, but the autosave function is well implemented and meant that I didn't loose a lot of time.Overall, very enjoyable sidescroller, with absolutely stunning imagery, well voiced and fleshed out story, and an awesome soundtrack, which I'm intending to buy.if you'e any interest at all in Greek mythology, I would wholeheartedly recommend this game. But even without that, it's different, well paced, and stylish."
76561198057843477,Recommended,208750,29793181,Posted: 8 February,all,Praetorian,"Great game with amazing lore behind it, on sale this game is worth it. It is about Nikadreos a warroir willing to give everything for his people after everything has been taken from them. It is a great story and alot of fun gameplay. Fun puzzles too. 10/10"
76561198273012076,Recommended,208750,29788950,Posted: 8 February,all,THE INCREDIBLE COOKIE,Apotheon has good graphics and brilliant SFX and sountrack which make it really atmospheric and immersive.
76561198155265874,Recommended,208750,31067138,Posted: 10 April,all,mariovaldelacasa,"I have enjoyed this game a lot. The plot is not the best one, gameplay needs a bit more work make combat smother. Design and levels layout are marvelous. Of course, aphoteon is not a AAA but in its field it's outstanding."
76561198139041762,Recommended,208750,14676992,"Posted: 27 February, 2015",all,0ZZY,Upon the update which allows the game to automatically switch to integrated graphics cards the game is much easier to play! I retract my previous statement and give this game a thumbs up!
76561198061285579,Recommended,208750,27524789,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Serious Maximus,"Awesome game with the best combat i have seen, it has verry creativ levels and the only boring part is the last tempel"
,Recommended,208750,30949394,Posted: 4 April,all,Fireal -LASH-,"One of the best games I've played in years. Great game design, pace and not ludicrously hard for the casual gamer - although there are options to increase difficulty. This is a platformer that pays tribute to the old days but is not stuck there. I really can't wait for a sequel or similar game from the developers.10/10"
,Recommended,208750,27891794,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Jim Diamond,Nice game to pass your time without difficult controls and too much thinking. Relaxing. I liked it also because the story is about anchient Greek Mythology. 6/10
76561197970361574,Recommended,208750,27927008,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Unkle Munkeh,"I thought i would take a punt on this game a while back, so glad i did. I genuinely thought platform games like this were extinct. The last platform game i enjoyed this much was Castlevania - Symphony of the Night many moons ago on a ps1.Im not comparing the two games im just saying that the fun i got from Apotheon was right up there.The style is like greek pottery has come to life, the character moves fluidly, and theres plenty to explore and find. Apotheon has everything i want to see from this kind of game.You will have to get good at toggling between weapons though, accidently pulling the wrong weapon can be frustrating and deadly.If they were to make an Egyptian game like this i'd be on it in an instant."
76561198055686524,Recommended,208750,29426575,Posted: 22 January,all,bassman9000,"Absolutely recommended.Music, story, ambientation, game mechanics, all is fantastic.The whole 2D/mosaic/ancient wall painting style is genius.Aiming feels weird with the mouse sometimes, and there are some glitches here and there (like items too close to doors, or items like keys that reappear, and places like Dionysus party you can actually fall from the righmost edge).But overall a terrific game.Congratulations."
76561198009679229,Recommended,208750,29860853,Posted: 11 February,all,Huggybear,"The study of Ancient Greek history and mythology is one of my primary hobbies so it's hard for me to gauge how much not appreciating many of/all the wonderful touches, references and stories within this game would impact someone's enjoyment. The aesthetics are perfect and, once you get used to the combat system, the game is enjoyable in its own right also. There are plenty of side missions, achievements, secrets, etc. and a wide variety of game styles are incorporated within the whole so there's something for everyone while not alienating anyone. Absolutely recommended if you have any interest in Ancient Greece whatsoever."
76561198264870293,Recommended,208750,31095526,Posted: 12 April,all,FassB,"It is an elaborate game. By exploring the maps and by fighting each level, you can feel that the developers really put lots of effort on this game. Some levels are hardcore fights, some need strategy and dexterity. The combat experience is smooth. Using the mouse to combat in a 2D platform is actually smooth and flexible."
,Recommended,208750,30245399,Posted: 28 February,all,MuffinMan,"Apotheon is one hell of a pleasant surprise. Don't let yourselrf be scared by the simple graphic style, it is a competently made game.An interesting spin on the metroidvania type of games in which you will travel to multiple areas to explore. Altohugh due to the choice made regarding the style, environments tend to differentiate little one from another. Nonetheless different areas have different rules: hub areas are mostly populated by normal people (or gods?) require you not to mess too much or guards will attack you, other areas are instead populated by beasts and monsters all will provide environmental hazards and puzzles. Secrets and puzzles are rather simple, although they can require you to travel through multiple areas in order to get correct keys, unlocking some important abilities, although not really essential or game changing.The combat is also based on few simple mechanics which tend to repeat themselves, although playing at higher difficulties will require you to use at best all the mechanics at your disposal.For as much as it is simple, the combat mechanics are well executed and robust. The combat basics use a shield and a weapon, which can vary between swords, daggers, axes, pikes and many more, with the addition of buffering potions, summons and range weapons. Each of the melee weapons behave very differently regarding damage, strike direction and wind up time, which allows for strategy in combat even though there is almost no variety of move sets for all of these weapons.The story is simple but solid: greek gods are abandoning humanity and you have been chosen (randomly) to face them and bring back to the world the gift of the gods that allowed life to prosper. Dialoges have not great animations (due to the style choice of paper cut animations), but are always voice acted and actually well voice acted (quite rare for an indie game). The story will drive you through the world of ancient greek gods with some interesting and almost educational expositions (optional).In conclusion Apotheon is a very unique type of game regarding its style and story, combining well executed metroidvania gameplay with a solid but simply melee fighting system. An easy recommendation for lovers of the style and for those who are intrigued by the choice of style and subject."
,Recommended,208750,30267038,Posted: 1 March,all,HealPleaseHeal,"I found this a really good game. The artistic style is unique and very appealing.I did a small playthrough if you wanted to get an idea of how the game functions. But overall, i highly recommend picking this up. It's well worth it. Some battles make you feel so small. lolhttps://youtu.be/GqbrDjoflCM"
76561198029442216,Recommended,208750,31740939,Posted: 13 May,all,Von Alfalfa,"What a amazing game!Fantastic art, OST and storyline. Gods ... goddesess...titans...mythological creatures... and heroes.""I will storm the gods, and shake the universe!"""
,Recommended,208750,31758644,Posted: 14 May,all,L O B A ❤,"The funny thing is: It's about greek gods, but the drawing have egyptian style.Still, it's a good plataform game. NJOY IT."
76561198061434029,Recommended,208750,31794641,Posted: 16 May,all,Grand dadio,"Best game ever,its so amazing how the developers paid atention to the art style and patterns plus i just love the ancient gods in greek mythology so thats a bonus :D"
76561198090442495,Recommended,208750,31460867,Posted: 30 April,all,Baron ThunderCock,"There's nothing to complain about.Good story, good combat (it is physics based so there is weight behind the swings, some may like some won't. That all depends on preference. Personally I thought it worked really well) and the platforming is fun.The story, while predictable was still interesting and fun (Don't worry the ending is good. It wraps up nicely)Music is fantasticAnd sweet jesus the art style is absolutely stunning.If you love Greek Mythology like me and/or just want a damn good game to play, buy this. You will not regret it."
,Recommended,208750,34726179,Posted: 3 September,all,m1Z3LL,"have you played batman arkham knight? was really suprised by that game earlier at how much more advanced it was then previous versions, and not sure i ever felt like such a badass as batman in at least 5 years"
76561198042479122,Recommended,208750,34744601,Posted: 4 September,all,"""The Nature Boy"" Ric Flair","I've stayed away from sidescrolling for a while, but have recently tried them out again and I a seriously glad that I did.Apotheon is a great game. All of the different Gods you fight and the missions leading up to them are unique. Halfway through the game I realized this and I was throroughly impressed. The only thing I didn't care for was that your weapons will break after a while so I felt like I had to save better ones even though I probably didn't."
,Recommended,208750,34765912,Posted: 5 September,all,Chamomile,it's a bit funky and there are a few glitches and exploits but it's fun. just if you don't think you'll like the game you probs won't
76561198199445505,Recommended,208750,34768939,Posted: 5 September,all,Speed,"An amazing game, loved every second playing."
,Recommended,208750,34769178,Posted: 5 September,all,Emphraim,"Amazing game, beautiful art, great gameplay, got to live my hoplite dreams"
76561198006072472,Recommended,208750,34768612,Posted: 5 September,all,MarK Marreta,Game with incredible story. Anyone who's interested in greek mythology will enjoy.
,Recommended,208750,34672138,Posted: 1 September,all,hikaru2322,"I can't reccommend this game enough! It is one of my all-time favorite games. The graphics are clever, the story and music beautiful. I own it on both Steam and console.Even if you're not into mythology you can still enjoy this game. But for those of us who love mythology, it's perfect! Defintily one of my favorite pieces of modern greek mythology story-telling. The portrayels of each god/goddess is perfect as well.The physical gameplay itself is pretty easy to handle, and you can play around with different weapon types to suit your playstyles as well. Plus, I'm a total sucker for the graphics (since they're designed to look like Greek pottery). You don't have to do everything in the game or take down every God/Goddess, but you will definitely get more out of of it if you do."
76561198004854590,Recommended,208750,34911000,Posted: 12 September,all,Infantryman1,A must play if you are into side scrolling video games or mythology
,Recommended,208750,21397328,"Posted: 22 February, 2016",all,phk,"Pros:-Superb art direction-Adaptation of greek mythology into gameplay mechanics-Audio and music give a great atmosphere-Good amount of content-10hrs+Cons:-Nothing major-Controls just a little bit wonkyGreat game overall, specially if you're into greek mythology and metroidvanias"
76561198093781511,Recommended,208750,35004364,Posted: 16 September,all,DongerLord77,I love the art work and the style of he game. It's game play is layed out in a unique manor and it bring a fresh and new homage to the platformer genre. I really like the game and recommend buying it.
76561197982567490,Recommended,208750,35057861,Posted: 18 September,all,Nathaniel Prime,"The first thing you'll notice about this game is that it is absolutely gorgeous. I usually don't care much about graphics, but this game is done entirely in the style you would see on ancient Greek vases and such. It is a 2D adventure with lots of fighting and some fun upgrades. This is also the only game I have ever played where breakable weapons were actually a good thing. There are very few especially powerful weapons, so it comes down to which movesets you like better. It also has hints of strategy, as certain types of weapons are more useful in certain situations. I would recommend this game for the visuals alone, but it has some decent gameplay to back it up as well!"
76561198036805929,Recommended,208750,35037131,Posted: 17 September,all,mlafond,A highly recommendable game.Original visuals and great gameplay make this game an excellent one.
,Recommended,208750,35074606,Posted: 19 September,all,cant.play.on.crap.internet,"Apotheon has a great art style that is consistantly beautiful through out the game, the colour palettes used are simply amazing and the level design is unique and interesting. The development team have also done a great job keeping the combat aspect relatively realistic, so that you actually have to think a bit about what weapon you are using and where you are hitting the enemy."
,Recommended,208750,35094150,Posted: 20 September,all,Flymifox ●ᴥ●,"It's a neat indie game with a great artstyle and interesting mythical story.The combat is very fun for a 2d game and the animations are sleek and smooth.There's nothing more I want than my seelky smooth combat, intresting storyline with historical characters and mythology."
,Recommended,208750,35128225,Posted: 22 September,all,Black Wolf,As a Greek I undoubtedly enjoyed this game. The game design brings you really to the era while the voice acting and the music truly feels legendary. It might be only a game that you can finish in 2-3 days casually. But the little writings for each God and mythical creatures from ancient mythology and the vivid colors make up for the shortness of the game. I would truly play it again after I finish it although I must say the multiplayer could use some work like being able to play the gods you killed that would be awesome. So if you like ancient Greek mythology it doesn’t matter if you are an indie gamer I am not ether rarely play them but this game captured my full attention in the first 10 minutes that I want to start reading Greek Mythology again so definitely would recommend it!!
,Recommended,208750,35219909,Posted: 26 September,all,Bartimaeus,"The combat can be difficult to master, and the game feels like it's a bit too big and goes on for too long at times, but it is otherwise a pretty good action platformer...with a very lovely stylistic artstyle to boot."
76561198050556237,Recommended,208750,35220377,Posted: 26 September,all,jkhan1001,"-Entered the garden of Artemis-Threw axes at the prancing nymphs-They giggled as they died-Found Artemis a bit later-She turned me into a deer because she was bored and tried to hunt me-She then turned into a deer and made me hunt her-Got her bow and now am trying to kill Apollo, resident♥♥♥♥♥♥of Olympus10/10 Would be Artemis' playmate again"
,Recommended,208750,35296750,Posted: 29 September,all,iliekP3aches,"I'm not a huge fan of platformers or puzzle games, but I found Apotheon to be a very good time. Everything seemed to be paced perfectly, challenging, but not exceedingly difficult. The story is alright, very god of war-ish, but it does the job and is interesting enough to keep you involved, especially alongside the wonderful visuals. Apotheons strong point is the visuals. They emulate the ancient greek art you find on pottery and wall murals, very cool. My only gripe is the very final battle which seems a bit random and out of place compared to how smooth and flexible normal combat is for the rest of the game. Don't get me wrong though, it's easily one of the most epic ways to end a game, just wish it didn't make me lose twice in a row because the boss decided to essentially air juggle me. Otherwise, top notch game and worth it at full price."
,Recommended,208750,35346779,Posted: 30 September,all,kutterbierfahrerdeckelkanne,Great art and the combat is challenging but not frustrating.I especially like the voice acting.
,Recommended,208750,35364402,Posted: 30 September,all,Kevin,"Absolutely amazing experience all around! Combat is good for the style it is, story telling is lovely, and the architecture of the maps is fun to explore and get lost in view-wise"
76561198400405017,Recommended,208750,35163684,Posted: 23 September,all,steppencollie33,"I LOVE this game. The art style is what drew me to it at first, but then you find that its actually a mechanically interesting, varied adventure game with many weapons, upgrades, armor etc. and a fun, intuitive combat system I would liken to...idk, maybe Exanima? Also they include real quotes from Homeric epics and other ancient Greek texts and stay surprisingly faithful to the actual mythos, which is what makes Apotheon a truly unique, well-crafted experience. Also, the multiplayer is a whole lot of fun! You can camp and snipe or go in and duel with sword and shield. Works fine, if you can find a server in your country that's active. I would love to see more 2D side scroller action/adventure/RPG games like this (thinking Salt and Sanctuary, Dead Cells, Guacamelee, etc.) include a competitive multiplayer with some type of leaderboard and character progression. Especially Salt and Sanctuary, so much untapped potential there. Anyway, 9.5/11 for me"
76561197961434433,Recommended,208750,35401667,Posted: 1 October,all,Stew Pitt Moran,"This is more than just a metroidvania game with an ancient greek theme.  This game is a work of art.  It perfects the illusion of a piece of ceramic art come to life.  The movement is fluid, but still preserves clear lines of the art style.  Nearly every single motif of classical art and mythology is present in this game.  You meet (and defeat) many of the gods in the pantheon.  Peppered throughout are stelae of actual Greek literature relevant to the plot or setting.  Each area dedicated for each god captures that particular gods capriciousness and mania.  The music is wonderful.  This is infotainment at its finest."
