user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
,Recommended,208730,17336677,"Posted: 1 August, 2015",all,Bahuemac,"A great mature RPG.+ Very good, tight, quite lengthy and powerful story (with a fair amount of twists and multiple endings)+ Interesting main and side characters+ Good (sometimes perhaps a little too strict) to very good voice acting (and plenty at that)+ Nicely written, believable dialogues (there are light dialogue trees too)+ Thick character and world lore (accessible to people new to GOT by codex/encyclopedia pages ingame)+ Nice music (composed by the TV show composer, it seems)+ For fans: Familiar places (King's Landing, The Wall, ...) and cameos (Joer Mormont and Varys have their looks and voices from the TV show)~ Combat can feel easy/underwhelming for perhaps 1/3 of the game. For some time I was wondering why I should care about what abilities to use even if it's always been fun to do so. Your character automatically attacks a random target or one you choose, with you moving him around if you will or by using active skills that use stamina or have a fixed cooldown. Sometimes my foes stood no chance even if I let my characters just do basic attacks. A few parts aren't winnable for story-reasons. I don't know anymore if you select a difficulty and which one I might have chosen. It got more interesting halfway through when I was able to utilize different skill sets and characters (usually two at a time) at a regular rate (it changes for many parts for story-reasons, which I am welcoming, it shouldn't subjugate to the gameplay mechanics, this game should be mainly about it's characters and the story and it is).~ Character development/gear usage seems a little strict. Depending on your very first choices in the game your character is set on a rather narrow path regarding the weapons and armor he should use. This can be important later on because there is a ""rock, paper, scissors"" system in place that encourages you to use specific armor to counter specific enemies and, on the other hand, use specific gear to fight specific enemies. Upon leveling up you can put skill points in other, ""unusal"" weapon/armor areas but that's not very wise since it requires more points to get those up and you cannot use any skills for weapon sets unfamiliar to your class. So, for example if you choose a class using two-handed weapons and heavy armor in the beginning you will want to stick with just two-handed weapons and heavy armor for many parts even if you should loot or want to buy one-handed and lightly armored gear, and even if you should encounter enemies that use equipment that literally works like scissors to your paper-based gear. You can use everything at any time - but you won't be very effective. Around halfway through you can select a secondary class where things get truly interestings and where you can actually mix things up without feeling like being on a disadvantage.~ Should you get ideas to fight random mobs to level up unusual/inexperienced areas to redeem for the lacking bonuses/skills: That won't work. Because enemies aren't randomized. Cleared areas won't have enemies spawn unless the story wants to. Not even random brigands or wildlife or something. This can add to the immersion in some ways, for the very least makes post-combat exploration easier (the two main characters have special skills to find hidden objects) and there are plenty of enemies to fight and good numbers of quests to do before you reach the end of the game, and if you stick to the class and thus weapon/armor selections you made early on you'll probably have no serious problems getting through this game. But straying off from these pre-defined leveling paths may leave you very vulnerable later on with no other way to deal with it but bite yourself through it.~ Combat can be a little mess at times, particularily indoors with the camera not getting a good look on things. Not too dramatic since you have a pause button that almost freezes time when issuing commands, but still. The straightforward/head-on mechanics don't work well if you for example try to shoot someone with a bow from an elevated position as I tried in King's Landing. It would trigger a mass rush of all allied and hostile characters to clash into each other around several corners with my bowman having struggles to follow after.- Some more face models and clothing may not have hurt. The main and some special side characters aside most other characters can look a little generic, even if they are never really unfitting by looks or voice. It's not too dramatic but more often than not you'll see the pretty much same gown or rags on female characters, at times same faces even, and would have hard times to differ between some side characters if not for their varying names and voice actors.+ That being said, those characters for which the devs had more love/time for really look nice and impressive, with scars and veins and freckles and such. Overall the game is nicely-looking and very immersive even if it won't sate the high-res texture junkies. And it has a clear and nice interface and runs very stable (thanks to the Unreal Engine, I guess) even if I had some odd mini-freezing when turning the camera around some places but that might be my relatively old system and not the game."
,Recommended,208730,9054545,"Posted: 11 February, 2014",all,F4rseeR,"Do you like games with great dark stories, memorable characters and awesome quests. If yes, then it is a no-brainer that you will like this game big time. It is also heavily underrated, so this one is a hidden gem. While it has some cheap mistakes, this game still deserves your attention.The STORY[10/10] is one of the best I've ever known and I red a lot, seen a lot of movies, so yeah it's quite something. There are two protagonists: Mors Westford, who is an honorable man in the Night Watch and a mounstruos beast in combat. He has a dark past, lives in a cold place; you could say he's iron made. Also, he's a skinchanger, being able to control his hound. The other one, Alester Sarwyck, a Red Priest who can manipulate fire, who comes back to claim his title and land as a lord, now being ready to face the world he fled from. The villian is the evil-cunning-great fighter type, whom you'll want to kill the moment you see. Every key character ends being involved in the Game of Thrones, so things get brutal and the happy ending... up for debate.There are many sidequests that enhance the story and reward you with cool items(and experience).The GRAPHICS[6.8/10] look outdated, but maxed out looks nice, and the artstyle is attractive. The real problem is reusing models, which means sometimes you'll have triplets in a cutscene. The main characters and all the places are unique, though, so work and clever thinking was used in the design as well. Such a shame it doesn't use better technologies, would have been a lot better for a lot more people.COMBAT[8.9/10] is made as tactical, but as you'll progress in unlocking stronger abilities, you'll synergize with the battlefied, emerging victorious, without much thinking. Finishers depend on the class and weapons used, and both differ greatly from what you have at your disposal. I enjoyed combat and class exclusive abilities that I have a reason to replay the game. The downer here is the difficulty, if you play on Lord you might be stressed a lot, and that can happen on Knight too. Best you choose the Squire, since there is no achievment affected by the difficulty.All in all, it's a great RPG with high replayability value. Don't listen to the bad reviews, because those reviewers didn't even finish the game. It gets better and better as you play, so giving up on it is a bad decision. If you've watched the show you should check it out; if you've red the books, you should own it; if you're new to the series but like RPG's, the same for the book readers(if it's on sale, after all it's your risk).GAME SCORE[8.5/10]"
76561198061558326,Not Recommended,208730,18022618,"Posted: 13 September, 2015",all,Sam_I_am,"I tried hard to enjoy the game, to me this felt more like a $5 game not a $20 game.  The game has some good ideas and potential but if felt like once everything started to come together it just ended.  Now I have never watched the game of thrones so my review is going to be purely based off of the game play.  I got over small things like the camera angle being horrible and your actions not really effecting the outcome of anything.  The game is very restrictive and you will follow a  certain path no matter how you choose to play your character.Combat:The combat is a turn based/real time format.  It was very fun and I would recommend watching a youtube video to get an idea of what I mean.Skills:The game does a good job of explaining these but you will learn that if you spend your skill points on certain skills you have wasted them.  The biggest of these being the one that effects your buying/selling skill. I invested most of my skill points on this skill and then a few hours in I realized there was no way I would ever be able to buy any of the gear so I would never use this skill. (at least not until the end of the game, and at that point you'll start to get so much money you could buy everything twice)Economy/Gear:Do not plan on doing anything with buying/selling.  You will never have enough money to buy better gear until the very end of the game.  At that point it becomes completely rediculas and money is basically being thrown at you.  Just plan on looting and wearing that gear.Why I'm NOT recommending:The biggest things that made me decide to not recommend the game is that you put all this time into developing your characters skills, finally get enough money to buy some decent equipment, and then the game just ends.  I was left going why did I waste all that time planning and training up?  I should have just sprinted through the game play and listened to the story.  Also once the story ends your done, there is no going back and replaying things your just finished.Conclusion:If you just want a story this might be your game.  Do not spend to much time planning out your skill tree's or traits or anything else about your character because in the end you will never get to use your thought out plan.  Play this game to just hear the story and nothing more.  I personally didn't find the story all that amazing but that does not mean you wont.  If you buy this game set the difficulty to easy and just sit back and enjoy the story.Thank you for reading my post, I hope this helps you to decide if this game is worth it for you.  Either way enjoy your gaming."
76561198031324041,Recommended,208730,32150120,Posted: 3 June,all,Mumm-Ra,"Played this game a long time ago and was absolutely blown away by the storyline and characters. Don't get me wrong its not that its so mindblowingly superb or anything , its just I went in with low expectations and had a blast.You take on the role of two different protagonists namely, Mors Westford ( a man of the nights watch) and Alester Sarwyck  (A bannerman of house Lannister and red priest of R'hllor).The 30+ hour journey takes you from the wall to Kings landing and is a story very much true to the books of George RR Martin, a tale full of treachery and deceit.It has aged pretty well graphically but the combat is a little clunky starting off. Its slow and strategic, many gamers will struggle with this as the current crop of Arpgs are all heading towards a Souls style of gameplay.Even if the combat does put you off, the game is still worth playing just for the storyline , George has said that it is canon...and that he will try to make references to the events that occur in the future. So just for that its worth playing for any fan of the books,  and you get to meet Maester Martin himself along the way, fully voiced and all.Pros : Good graphics for the timeGreat quest design - Multiple endings to quests4 different endings to the main story arcWell developed characters - Alester and Mors are two of my all-time favouritesA villain you will love to hateCons : Combat can seem a bit too clunky at timesYou can break side quests through choices - not sure if this is negative or notAlot of useless weapons/armor."
,Recommended,208730,12094246,"Posted: 14 September, 2014",all,Rareu,"Honestly, some might call this game outdated, clunky, riding off the success of the books and shows...but I for one was extremely satisfied. Whatever flaws the game may possess was completely made up for by the compelling and gritty as ♥♥♥♥ story. You cannot help but really feel for the two protaganists...and cringe at the consequences of their actions. This is definitely worth a play through and I reccomend this title to anyone who enjoys a captivating story."
,Recommended,208730,17554326,"Posted: 15 August, 2015",all,ANCRON,"3rd person, action, adventure, RPG that follows closely to the storyline of George R. R. Martin's - ""Game of Thrones"" books. If you read the books or watched the TV series of ""Game of Thrones"", then you might enjoy it more than those who will go into it blindly, because you will miss the whole story surrounding this fantasy world. Story takes place in the timeline of 1st ""Game of Thrones"" book.To not spoil the story, I will only state that characters you play as are not in the books, nor TV show and are made up, but game itself follows the books. You will also hear about and meet many well known characters that appear in the books / TV show.Moving forward on to the actual game, story is strong, with A LOT of dialogues and choices that will reward or punish you, depending on what you chose. Voice acting is great and includes some voices from the TV show, but not many. You can chose character stats, skills and preferred fighting style, be it shield and 1 hand, two 1 hand, 2 hand or ranged weapons, basically your generic yet somewhat limited RPG.Gameplay is tactical and static, you often just stay in one spot swinging weapon and using skills, then after you kill someone, you automatically run to next enemy, etc.. Combat reminds me the Dragon Age series. Visually game is nothing impressive and has a lot of low resolution / blurry textures, basic level design and good share of loading screens inside one location.Personally for me, the story was the strong point here and if you do side quests and explore you are looking somewhere around 20-30 hours of gameplay, depending on your difficulty level and dedication."
,Recommended,208730,7789766,"Posted: 27 November, 2013",all,RubberRoss,"Take the Role of an actual viewer of the show Game of Thrones, as you wait for multiple seasons for something to actually happen.  My only complaint with the game engine is how parents and family members only ever seem to enter the room during the sex scenes."
,Recommended,208730,23039220,"Posted: 17 May, 2016",all,Mrs Bun,"I bought this by accident trying to buy the telltale game of thrones game - I would never have bought it otherwise because it looks like a piece of generic rpg merchandise crap - HOWEVER I am very happy I made this mistake and, after buying the telltale one, I think I actually enjoyed this more... which is saying a lot.The story is as good if not better than the telltale version and they got the feel of game of thrones perfectly. The characters are worthy of the show and the voice acting, especially for Mors (one of the two characters you play as) is fantastic. There are one or two inspiringly bad voice actors who play multiple generic poor people or just have terrible northern accents which can be very annoying- but you can skip through that dialogue just reading the subtitles and sometimes it's funny.The combat is very dated and basically bad, but the fighting styles and powers you can get are very cool - things like poisoning your blade before battle, the fact you can be a water dancer like syrio forel and take out like six people using a rapier and Mors' being able to set his dog on people all make up for it I think. The story is fantastic and very unpredictable, as well as being tied in very nicely with plot of season 1 game of thrones without relying too much on it.It looks really bad but it really isn't at all."
,Recommended,208730,3444721,"Posted: 4 July, 2013",all,Siha  🎃,"After reading a couple of reviews of this game, I didn't have high hopes. But I don't agree with most of them so it seems!The story is amazing, especially if you're a big fan of the books and tv-serie. You'll recognize a couple of people in-game (Jeor Mormont, Varys the Spider, Cersei Lannister) and people (NPCs) are talking about other characters of the books around you when you walk through the world.You play with two characters at once, you'll switch between the two characters every chapter, like in the books. Mors Westford is a knight of the Night's Watch and Alester Sarwyck is a Red Priest of R'hllor who is returning home (Riverspring). The two stories come together in one of the chapters and you'll play with them at the same time (you can switch between characters in the gameplay).You can upgrade skills (different types of swords and armor), special powers (Light of R'hllor and Skinchanger), attributes (like intelligence, strength, agility) and choose different perks.The gameplay took some time to get used to. The thing that bothered me the most is that you use the right mousebutton constantly throughout the whole game; to press it all the time to move the camera was kinda weird.Also the combat system needs some time to get used to. It's kinda turn based. You choose some actions/perks in a row of actionslots (three) and hope to counteract the things your enemy does. It gets pretty hectic sometimes when you got 5 or 6 enemies against you and two characters to command with actions for both to think of. But after a while it gets pretty easy if you get the hang of it, big fights become easy if you know which enemies to take out first and which action counteracts their actions (Interrupt, area damage) and which weapon is best against their armor.You have an huge endless inventory, where you can choose the right armor and right weapons and right potions/poisons for you, or sell and buy new ones at the different merchants found in the major cities.Lots of sidequests, lots of places to look for loot, just a couple of bugs which are easily resolved by restarting the game.In my opinion a 7.5 out of 10. Maybe not worth the full amount, but great to get on Sale.Took me about 28 hours to finish (with a lot of just standing around and listening to people around me and looking for loot). If you love games with a good story, get it!"
,Recommended,208730,10086329,"Posted: 11 May, 2014",all,✯𝕁𝕆ℍℕ 𝕎𝔼𝕊𝕂𝔼ℝ✯,Don't let the reviews and the 5 sec quiters tell you this game is bad its a nice game with a good story.I won't deny that it has its shortcomings laggy cam dated graphics etc but it a nice old school rpg enjoyable for rpg fans and a must buy for Game of thrones fans.
,Recommended,208730,12440262,"Posted: 10 October, 2014",all,Draetor,"This is one of the best story driven RPGs I played in the last few years.  The story is just tremendous, and you play different character roles with different stories until later in the game when both stories mesh and things become hectic and shocking just like the HBO series.There are still those who complain about the combat or camera, and I found the combat to be fun and somewhat challenging, although based on what you'd see in a console action RPG.I was very pleased with this game.  The only story driven game(s) I feel are greater than this game is The Witcher series and possibly Dragon Age, but it is extremely close."
,Recommended,208730,13161822,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,carboncoffee,"This game has one of the best stories I've ever played and enjoyed. Admittedly, the combat system is clunky and the RPG mechanics seem tacked-on and shallow. But I hardly noticed it as I followed the story. A story of two different people, two different perspectives, and a merging point that would hit you right in the gut.The last final minutes with the two main protagonists were the most epic. Finishing this game is like finishing a good book. A book that you, the gamer, helped write. And when you close it, you just shake your head and smile. Wow. Just wow."
,Recommended,208730,33048140,Posted: 30 June,all,Rusty,"""When you play the game of thrones, you recommend, or you don’t. There is no middle ground.""If you have no interest in the world of Game of Thrones then I can’t really recommend this game to you, so ignore the thumbs up. As far as RPGs go this is pretty poor in terms of its presentation, combat, classes, levelling and voice acting. It reminded me of Dragon Age 2 with its dull, copy paste locations and its simplistic and repetitive real-time with pause combat.https://youtu.be/xF8_BzGlqf4(my first impressions video and some thoughts about the GoT universe)It’s Dragon Age 2 on a budget though, because at least that game has decent voice acting and character interaction, with some sense of scale. You also get to fight with more than one character for most of the game. In Game of Thrones 2012 it’s usually just the player character against very similar enemy types. Loot is uninteresting as is levelling and the environments are ugly and lack creativity.Now, for those of you that love the world GRRM created, who can’t get enough of the lore, the characters and the tone; to those people, I would recommend this game for the story alone.The way the protagonist’s stories intertwine and the way those stories come together towards the end, it’s genuinely well done, as is the way the story connects to the song of ice and fire universe. It’s also more impactful by the slow way the story progresses and the way the Mor’s and Alester’s shared past is gradually revealed. It’s not the best game writing ever and it’s not wholly original either (being very ASOI&F), but it’s a lot better than the main storyline in Dragon Age 2 and it’s good enough to make you overlook the awful voice acting and dated visuals. I also felt like I was role-playing the protagonists in GOT whereas I didn’t in so much in DA2. Choices feel like they matter more here on a personal level, not so much in a gamey way, or a romance way as in DA2.It’s also nice to be able to explore places in this world that so many people love, and to experience a new story within it even if those places are hideous to look at."
76561198069278936,Recommended,208730,25448263,"Posted: 10 September, 2016",all,Nikolae,"I'm not gonna lie to you, this isn't a very good game. The combat system by itself is good, but it gets very repetitive, the graphics aren't that great, the voice acting is mostly rubbish(except for the cast from the show, having Varys as the narrator is awesome), the music is entirely lifted from the show (which you would think would be a good thing, but it seems like they picked the dullest and least epic tracks out of the soundtrack) and the lack of production values REALLY shows over the course of the entire game. So, why am I reccomending it? Because while the game is indeed flawed, the narrative itself is actually quite interesting. It follows the stories of two different characters with their own set of abilities and personalities, and you slowly unveil a conspiracy. There's betrayal, backstabbing, lies, all the good stuff. However, let me tell you, this game starts out slow. Only about half-way through does it get good, and even then it's mostly because of the narrative and not because of the gameplay itself, which really gets repetitive at this point. Despite all this, this game is a bit of a cult favourite of mine, as the things the game does well are done really well. However, you need to be quite forgiving to be able to enjoy this game, so buy at your own risk."
76561198006893472,Not Recommended,208730,2406795,"Posted: 3 September, 2012",all,Fear2288,"Pros:+ It's a Game of Thrones game!+ ""Old school"" combat will appeal to some+ The few HBO contributors do well in regards to voice acting+ Story is solidCons:- Graphically looks like it's from 2003 (textures, lighting, animations, etc)- Control scheme doesn't feel right- Most of the voice-acting is terrible- So actively distanced from the canon it feels more fan fiction than it shouldThe Bottom LineWith HBO's brilliant television adaptation skyrocketing George Martin's A Song of Ice and Fire saga to the forefront of pop culture we were undoubtably going to see ventures into the realm of interactive media. Martin's world is incredibly ripe for all kinds of game genres but one of the most obvious is certainly the RPG - enter ""Game of Thrones: The Role Playing Game"".Unfortunately GoT is lacking in quite a few places. While the storyline is fairly on par with what you'd expect from the novels Cyanide Studios chose to create a game that looks and feels like it should've belonged in 2003. The combat is more or less the same model found in KOTOR, the graphics and visual design are severely lacking polish and modern standards, and the voice acting (aside from the contributors from the HBO series) is laughable at best.Overall the game has an interesting story to tell if you can stomach through it's many shortcomings. I'd only advise a purchase if you're waist deep in the GoT craze.5 dragons out of 10"
,Recommended,208730,17960896,"Posted: 9 September, 2015",all,ownosourus,"You’ve got to hand it to Cyanide, the French developers certainly know how to secure a popular license. First they wrangled the rights to make a series of Blood Bowl titles, even after the notoriously protective Games Workshop launched a lawsuit over Chaos League; and then they somehow wound up with Game of Thrones.Placing such a huge property in the hands of a relatively small developer comes with its attendant problems. A lack of budget afflicts this third-person RPG like a creeping malady, working its way into almost every aspect of presentation  and eating away at the positive work being done elsewhere. But while a larger developer with big-money backing might have ramped up the spectacle, their natural inclination towards more conservative storytelling may have resulted in a more straightforward tale than the one presented here.Game of Thrones has several problems as a game, but its major strength is a story that largely succeeds in interweaving with George RR Martin’s established narrative while not overstepping its boundaries or drifting into awkward fan-fiction territory. Its plot runs parallel to the events in the first book of the series and HBO’s opening TV season, so it’s fairly important that you’ve read or watched at least one of those. If not, the endless scheming and counter-scheming of powerful medieval-fantasy Houses could be a touch on the confusing side.Cyanide’s Game of Thrones introduces two new characters who pursue goals that are ‘off camera’ for the books and series (though a few established faces; Queen Cersei, Lord Varys and Jeor Mormont do show up). Both of these newcomers fought for the Lannisters in Robert’s Rebellion against King Aerys II and both now find themselves in circumstances quite different from feudal military service. Mors Westford is a grizzled old crow of the Night’s Watch, while Alester Sarywck is returning to his birthplace in Riverspring as a Red Priest.These two are an unusual pair for a videogame; older, morally compromised men with a rigid honour code (Mors) and a new-found religious enthusiasm bordering on the fanatical (Alester). For a little over half the game you alternate between playing as Mors or Alester, before the pair meet up for the concluding chapters of the tale. This interchange is handled well and works as a structural device in-keeping with Martin’s ‘point of view’ chapters in his books.In another unusual step for the videogame narrative, these two ‘heroes’ have very different aims and ambitions. As do the two main antagonists, whose mendacious plotting and back-stabbing is for contrasting ends. Again, this is just as it should be for a series which prides itself on ethical grey areas and the pragmatic demands of power.Unfortunately, this robust story rope is frayed to near breaking point by some abysmal voice acting and uninspired level design.Our two protagonists are not really to blame, nor are the HBO guest voices; but the supporting cast bring a collection of performances ranging from flat to borderline unlistenable. That includes an ill-advised, in-jokey appearance by George RR Martin himself.Weak deliveries, misplaced emphasis and terrible, wandering accents are just some of the delights the cast of Game of Thrones has in store for you. If it weren’t for the halfway decent talents of the main pair and Varys’ splendid cameo appearances, I’d have recommended simply muting the voices altogether. It doesn’t help any of the actors that the lines appear bereft of any kind of post-production Foley treatment. These are the sounds which add convincing background effects when a character is, say, stood in a snowstorm versus inside an echoing castle hall. Here, no matter what the circumstances, everyone sounds like they’re inside a cozy sound studio.This poor voice acting undersells some reasonable dialogue and gives the story a cheap, unconvincing feel that it doesn’t really deserve.The cramped level design works for areas like Castle Black or the Sarywck seat of Riverspring, but fans of the series will probably have a hard time believing that the city of Kings Landing outside the Red Keep consists of about five merchants and roughly the same number of streets. None of these iconic places are really done justice by the developer’s less than impressive use of the Unreal Engine 3. For a series with so many worthy sights to offer, far too much time is spent in boring, dank underground tunnels.When not wandering around narrow streets, playing voice-acting Russian roulette, or warging into Mors’ dog for some scent-chasing pseudo stealth sections, your time will be spent in combat with the various Wildlings, sell-swords and Knights who populate the realm.The combat system owes a fair bit to older PC-centric RPGs where pausing the action and issuing orders was the norm. Here, time just slows to a crawl rather than pausing outright, but the process of assessing your situation and queuing up relevant skills remains just the same. Mors’ and Alester’s skills are class-dependant (you choose one of three classes for each character at the start) but every path can deal out useful debuffs along the lines of ‘immobilised’, ‘stunned’ and, best of all, ‘on fire’. Each armour type also has a weakness to a certain type of weapon, so it’s worth paying attention to that when fashioning your tactical plan. Finally, a limited number of flasks can be filled with various concoctions to aid your characters or hinder your foes.It’s a sturdy system, offering just enough tactical fluidity and challenge to force you into thinking your way through each encounter. The actual animations which play out with each skill are fairly wonky and awkward, but the intent is there and the combat succeeds in finding an interesting compromise between real-time and turn-based approaches. It’s not quite revolutionary or deep enough to remain interesting for all 25 hours of the campaign, as you hack through rank after rank of increasingly familiar men-at-arms, but new abilities (obtained through levelling up your characters) keep things fresh for longer than might be expected.There are no dramatic branches to the storyline (at least until the finale), but choices you make throughout the chapters do tend to be reflected in dialogue or little set-pieces later on. Help a chap out of jail, and his gang might lend their support to you. Imprison some rioters in your dungeons and they’ll still be there later on. My only gripe with the narrative pacing is that it all begins to go wrong slightly towards the end, when Mors and Alester can suddenly fast-travel between locations in the North and South. This feels especially silly when you’re presented with  a couple of side-quests many miles away from your supposedly urgent, time-sensitive mission and are able to complete them as if nothing is amiss.PC users should be warned that the game offers only the sparsest of graphics options, so delving into the config files to whip the Unreal Engine 3 into a shape of your liking is pretty much mandatory. Like everything else about this game, you have to put up with an unpalatable surface to get the best out of it.There’s no denying that Game of Thrones will test your tolerance. There are so many negative idiosyncrasies and cost-cutting measures in place that you’ll probably start to wonder when the game will just fall part entirely. But it never actually does. In fact, it stays on course to deliver a compelling parallel narrative to the opening book and HBO series, with characters as morally ambiguous and events just as horrific as any from Martin’s pages. Overall 7/10."
,Recommended,208730,23397548,"Posted: 5 June, 2016",all,ƔALERIUS,"Recommended for fans (if it's on sale)""Expectations are a dangerous thing. They cloud our minds with bias and wishful thinking, reality mostly struggles to fulfill.""- A chev. mediumForeword: I didn't read the books yet, because it mostly wouldn't be healthy to do so and watch the show the same time. First you'd of course spoiler yourself, second you'd be unsatisfied with script author's decisions, as usual. But no matter if you're a fan of the show or of the books, it's just happening in Westeros with the famous characters near you. Yet, there's a bitter truth about this game: Not everything that shines is gold.As there were rumors about this in reviews lately, I decided to clean up some misinterpretations... Let's see what's truly going on with this title:___________________________________________-About: ""There seem to be no promised show characters!""There are definitely characters from the show and you come them as close as you do in Telltale's GoT, while here you have the comfort, that it's not just english language support, plus synchronization from the show.Example without big spoiler: Lord Varys, who also speaks the intro sequence you get to see when launching a new game. And that's just one of them.___________________________________________-About: ""Really bad fighting""Controls and Gameplay are nearly the same like in Dragon Age then. If you didn't like that one's combat system you will hate this, because it's kinda unhandy and I struggeled myself to get used to it. But as soon as you know, it's no ""Mount & Blade""-, ""Devil May Cry""- or Hack'n'slay-gameplay style, there's noYes it's old, or ""outdated"" by now, (remember, it's from 2010 meanwhile) but Gothic also is and both are still great RPGs. I also found myself being unable to replay Elder Scrolls: Morrowind, because nowadays we're so flashed by few really great RPG's (Witcher, Fallout, TES:Skyrim, ...) entertainment span, that some old classics has became too uncomfortable for us to play anymore.___________________________________________-About: ""Story bad, gameplay bad, overall bad""Depends on someone's taste. Some ppl like tea with cherry cake, but is it a bad mix, because more ppl love coffee with strawberry cake?/Story (Staying vague intentionally to avoid twists and spoilers.)The story is definitely not ""bad"", it's kinda how you would expect it from the show. You don't play any superhero or a famous character from the show. It's like the Foresters are in Telltale's GoT Adventure. A small Family(house) that serves the greater houses like Lannisters or the Starks. Two stories about two men, who have some things in common, like the Lannisters as their liege lords and things to regret in their past. A thing players more and more seem to forget, while getting fed with ""better games"" where you are mostly in a superior position or have advantages against the AI: Modesty.Why? Well, for a game, set in the GoT world for me it's important to keep our feet firmly on the ground, because even it's a low fantasy setting, it must maintain a balance of power, else it becomes implausible to the show's logic./GameplayUnhandy, but you can get used to it.Let's have a little comparison: Did you playDark Souls? Well, I'm a convinced keyboard player, (because I wouldn't have bought a good PC if I still wanna play with any gamepad) and thus playing this 3rd person game without a gamepad is one ugly hell of character control, which is bound to a poorly/boring programmed combat system & therefore a no-go-game for me. It was a ""Prepare to die""-Edition because of a control setup rage attack ;) But ppl loved it, so it seems not too painful to get used to a lesser impossible control setup, I would assume.Of course that claim: ""Spectacular and tactical challenging combats"" (re-translated from description) would be more true, if you cross out the ""spectacular"", but that's artist's freedom in advertising, isn't it.../OverallThere has been a lot of potential to make this game really epic, there's nothing to say against this charge, but it could've also been much worse, like GoT Genesis, which is hardly hitting the world's edge, while it doesn't really feel like being involved in Westeros. It feels like a mod for a strategy game which has Dragons and a world map, just painted in GoT colors. So it's no endless game, but if you can accept its weaknesses once and for all you might actually start to enjoy the story. You won't be flashed, since this game is not even near the scale ""perfect"", but you could get entertained.___________________________________________-About: ""Voice acting is awful""I don't know how entirely how it is in english, because I take the chance to change the language to my native, as there's the rare spread option for it. For me it's like: ""You'll never experience things the same intense level, as you would in the language you're usually dreaming in.""Butafter I played the DLC(untranslated) it seems like the voice acting problems are in both languages quite similar, so I think, it's been treated a bit shabby, but at least they managed it to have voice acting in more than one language and that's a plus for non-native english ppl.Other examples for poor (translated) voice acting performance: ""Mass Effect 1""___________________________________________-About: ""The game is linear""If you read ""linear"" and think of a timeline that progresses, then =true.Else: If you think ""linear"" means that decisions doesn't have consequences than it's simply false.Nowhere this game is listed as ""open world"" so I don't know where expectations here turned wrong... If you don't have an open world, you always have a red line. The entire Mass Effect- and partially Dragon Age-Saga(DA:Inquisition excluded) use that progress principles. The only difference in that critic point is, that both Bioware franchises offer the option to make sidequests in an individual order.Conclusion/Advice:Buy itwhen it's on sale,open your mindand you'll experience an semi-retro, tactical RPG you won't regret.I played it, as it has been released then and not a long time ago I re-installed it again to take one of the rare story driven, RPG journeys in Westeros. So there's a way to play it longer than 30 minutes, if you can overcome your nowaday's expectations and enjoy the way instead of racing for the finish line ;)"
,Recommended,208730,12493048,"Posted: 14 October, 2014",all,<(^_^)>,Ten hours in.  Was almost turned away by negative reviews but decided I enjoyed the books and show too much to not try it.  Good decision.  The story is great and the combat is very similar to Knights of the Old Republic. I don't see myself regretting being tired at work from playing this game after the kids go to bed anytime soon.
,Recommended,208730,33566936,Posted: 15 July,all,Halflight,"Game of Thrones is a action roleplaying videogame developed by Cyanide Studios which takes place in the fantasy universe envisioned by George R. R. Martin. Despite its title, however, the game is an adaptation of the book series, A song of ice and fire, not the TV show proper. Taking place roughly around the beginning of the first season of the latter, Game of Thrones allow the player to follow the story of two fallen knights from Westeros:1) Alester Sarwyck, the heir of a Southern noble house returning to his homeland after a self-imposed exile in the East, where he became a Red Priest. Alester's goal is to take control of his household from his ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ brother Valarr, who is backed up by the Lannisters (more specifically, queen Cersei).2) Mors Westford, an honor seeking veteran ranger of the Night's Watch and also a skinchanger (a man capable of assuming the direct control of an animal, in this case his dog). While at the beginning of the story Mors has to deal with all the adversities around the Wall, the introduction of a fleeing woman will force him to get tangled in Southern politics, much to his dismay.To be perfectly honest, the plot angle of Game of Thrones is so excellent that it's still the main drive one should have to buy and play this game. The two protagonists are very interesting characters in their own right and can be further apprciated by the people more familiar with the setting. You will also most certainly grow more and more sympathetic towards them and their struggle, actually getting to care about how their adventures will unfold. Their story, not surprisingly given the source material, is also filled with very clever (and at times painful) twists and odd turns, which is really something that will keep you invested in the game and on your toes. As for the depiction of the world of A song of ice and fire itself, Game of Thrones serves as a very faithful and clever adaption, with all the elements of the lore rendered as one would expect and taking part in the protagonists' story quite nicely.Unfortunately, however, as far as the whole gameplay and technicale departments are concerned, Game of Thrones remains a pretty average, by-the-numbers action roleplaying videogames. While the game has a rather nice longevity, an interesting and saitsfying character grow system, big maps to explore, enough side activities to keep you busy and an excellent dialogue wheel system to ehance its interactive storytelling, Game of Thrones is lacking in pretty much all the other departments. Namely:- The graphical presentation didn't age that well, and it was not up to the standards of the year of release to begin with. While the environment are atmospheric and detailed enough, the same cannot be said by the people inhabitating the game's world, who look often too much alike and have a very short supply of things to wear. The situation isn't helped by the various graphical glitches and bugs still present at the time of this review.- The combat system is a mix between a turn-based and an action roleplaying videogame where you must put the actions you want to perform in a queue and then wait for them to happen. It's not as bad as many people claim it is, but it gets very tedious far earlier than the halfway point of the game. Worse yet, while the game features a creative weakness and resistance system between different weapons and armors, everything boils down to selecting a handful of strong abilities useful in every situation and spam them, making every confrontation feel samey after a while.- Aside from the NPCs you can talk to in order to take and complete quests and do some shopping, the game's world feels very empty otherwise.- Both protagonists have an unique ability they can use outside of combat for story purpose: Mors can take direct control of his dog to discover hidden secrets and kill unaware enemies stealthly, while Alester can use the powers granted to him by the Lord of Light do discover hidden switches and secret loot staches. While said powers are used fairly often in order to advance in the story, they serve little purpose otherwise and are not worth to be used creatively and outside of context.- Most of the loot you can find on fallen enemies and the environment is of incredibly low value or little acctual usefulness to you, to the point you are going to get most of your money and superior weapons and armors from bosses or quest rewards.I found that Game of Thrones' superb approach to the setting and the well crafted story of both Alester and Mors more than make up for the shortcomings of the actual gameplay, and the game could serve as a great experience for both a fan of the books or the TV show as well as a complete newcomer. If you think however that even a strong story couldn't save what is an admittedly flawed action RPVG, then I'd suggest you to simply stay clear from it"
,Recommended,208730,34805104,Posted: 7 September,all,Volt,"This game has a fantastic GoT story the runs along with the HBO series, but is not a dirrect part of it. I played this in 2012 and really liked it but even then it had plenty of issues.  If you're a GoT fan and can overlook the clunky mechanics, bugs, linear gameplay, and dated graphics, then pick this up on sale and you won't be disappointed."
,Recommended,208730,34720026,Posted: 3 September,all,CutoutPanda,"If you're a die hard fan of Game of Thrones, read through the books and watched all of the show then you may want to take a look at this but you have to be aware that the gameplay is unbalanced and not that great.Depending on the class you choose your journey through the game can be arduous and the game limits health items and those items can only be renewed at certain vendors which you can be locked out of in certain missions meaning you could potentially play yourself into a corner.The story whilst it takes liberties with the lore is on the whole good and that I believe is its redeeming feature and what pushed me to finish it.The voice acting can be a bit spotty here and there but mainly terrible in the DLC."
76561198068209071,Not Recommended,208730,14187360,"Posted: 26 January, 2015",all,holyschat,"When I bought this game, I was fresh off the heels of playing the first chapter of Telltale Games' GOT game (very good so far), and I was hungry for more stories from Westeros. Having already watched every episode at least 10 times, and with the new season months away, I found myself desperate enough to buy this game, one which I had passed over many times because it looked like your typical crappy tv/movie-based game. And that is exactly what it turned out to be, but against my better judgement, I heeded the mostly positive reviews here and bought it. What a mistake.Everything about this game feels like a complete afterthought. Everything from the combat, to the leveling system, to the gear just feels poorly designed. And no, this isn't me just complaining about how the game LOOKS bad...graphical quality is not particularly high on my list of priorities, even if this game does look like its from the early 2000's. It is difficult for me to pinpoint in this review exactly what is so poor about the gameplay because my answer is simply: everything.According to many of these reviews, the story is the best aspect of the game and it is what makes the ""meh"" gameplay worth it. While I am inclined to agree that it is the strongest part of the game, that isn't really saying much. The story is fair, but certainly not good enough to warrant the cost unless it falls to $5. My suggestion would be that if you really want to check out the story, save your money and just watch the story via youtube videos. Each time somebody buys this, it further justifies to game developers that they can continue to get away with churning out these steaming piles of garbage."
,Recommended,208730,12443405,"Posted: 10 October, 2014",all,Warrior Bond,This is an EXTREMELY situational recommendation.  The gameplay takes a lot of time and patience to get used to and accustomed to.  Once you get the hang of the combat system and the stats it becomes much more playable and you'll actually start to enjoy it.  The story itself is worth fighting the opening segments of the game to finish though.
76561198001888575,Recommended,208730,28850220,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,jenjanes,"Although the combat system takes some getting used to, once you have mastered it, the game is enjoyable. The story is Martinesquely complicated, and choices make a difference. One day I would love to see a true open world Game of Thrones-inspired game, but until that day comes, this one will do just fine."
76561197978847162,Recommended,208730,33972532,Posted: 2 August,all,Ernst,"Interesting RPG, rich with lore from A Song of Ice and Fire. It made me feel like I was inside one of the stories in the books.Very interesting plot in the line of GoT (lots of politics and backstabbing siblings).Choices matter both in the long and short run.Some pople criticize graphics, but I find them good enough. Perhaps there's a lack of variety in NPC models.Voice acting has also been criticized. Perhaps because I'm not an English native speaker I don't find voice acting bad at all.Some people don't like the fighting style. Since I love TBS, I'm almost totally happy with it. You learn skills which you can use when in-fight. A timed system plays both player and enemies actions in a sequence. You select which skills you want to apply taking into account your stamina. When out of it, only simple strikes can be applied until you recover. I wish it was a total pause instead of a slow-down-pause so I could read the pros and cons of every skill in more detail when in-fight.One important thing: The game is very linear. If you're not into this kind of games, you're not going to like it. I like both linear and non-linear style of plots so I'm ok with this.In my personal opinion this game has been bashed by people who didn't accept the game for what it was. If you judge the game fairly, for what it is, it's not a bad game at all. But it could have been much better, there's no doubt about it.Play it with an open mind and enjoy it. Specially if you are an ASoIaF fan."
76561198039494030,Recommended,208730,12478140,"Posted: 13 October, 2014",all,Fire.al,"Truly an underrated gem.. Dont be fooled by all those rewiewers which quitted after 10 mins if you like mature story-driven RPGs and/or are a fan of the books you'll love this.The best story i've ever seen in a videogame, (and i'm quite into storydriven) if you read the books you'll surely notice Martin's touch :), the dialogues and the main charaters are also excellent, the choice system is one of the best i've seen and the choiches are truly meaningful...  what more can i say? Yeah it also last quite longer than other modern rpgs it took almost 30 hours to me to finish my first playthrough and i also skipped a few secondary missions.The combat was criticized as one of the weak point of this title but is actually quite good, a bit repetitive and boring at the start while you unlock new techniques and moves it truly start to shine.. a few hours into the game it's already very satisfying, it also require you to play it tactically and on knight (medium) difficulty it's already truly challenging and unforgiving in later stages.The graphics are good enough when maxed, expecially the lights effects, for some reasons some of the most common (medium) armor in the games seems low texSadly there a few aspects where clearly emerge that the devs were short of money like repeating models and bad voice actors for common npcs (the voice actors for the protagonist and others main characters are very good though) and some other unpolished aspects but these are really minor drawbacks in an overall memorable experience.. also with all the choices and the class sistem there surely enough material for second or third playthrough.In the end i still consider this one of the best RPGs i've had the pleasure to play, if you are a fan of the books and/or mature story driven games this is truly a must buy."
,Recommended,208730,24399183,"Posted: 18 July, 2016",all,Mistah Scratch,"I was extremely skeptical about this game, being a huge GoTs fan I was periodically checking up on this game when it released and the reviews were pretty heartbreaking. Finishing up the most recent season of GoT I was desperately needing my fix, so I picked up this in hopes that it would sustain me, and my god am I happy I did. The game is not perfect but its really no where near as bad as the majority of critics made it out to be. The story takes place right before the books/show start and it follows two characters of little known houses within the Lannisters  Westerlands. Don't expect to see alot of characters popular in the shows (more from the books) Varys, Cersei, Half Hand, and Jeor Mormont are pretty much the only big names you'll run into. (Whether this is canonical or not no idea, but it could easily be put into the accepted lore)The gameplay is not perfect (reminds me of Kotor) but still enjoyable, you select a sequence of attacks and the said character will then play them out. The one thing that bummed me out is you only have two permanent party members (though they are played separately) and all the others are temporary drop-in characters. All-in-all if you like GoT and want to experiance a little bit more of Westeros, and dont mind a less than perfect (it really isnt that bad, I had a fun time) combat system then definitly check it out. Even if you don't know the series pick the game up, the game is filled with codex's that help explain alot of the elements you see within the game.+Also if youre debating whether to get this or the Telltale game, get this hands down, the story and game as a whole is much more satisfying."
76561197967810714,Recommended,208730,12709846,"Posted: 31 October, 2014",all,AutomaticMeat,"When I played this game I had not seen or read any of the Game of Thrones mediums.The game stands on it's own and I enjoyed it without knowing any of the background lore, in fact it armed me with some knowledge for when I watched the TV series.You have preset characters but can choose to specialise them in different ways. The game is fairly linear, but some times there are choices that lead to different consequences (such as the endings).Combat is real-time with pause and aside from using multiple skills is a pretty straightforward affair.Overall a decent game whether you are familiar with the source material or not."
76561198107563435,Recommended,208730,34829472,Posted: 8 September,all,swordmou10,"It's not the best, nor the worst. Really it's...unique.The Combat: It's basic. Very basic. Point, click, auto-attack until you choose an ability or spell, it's used, back to auto-attack. While it does try it's best with armour being strong/weak against certain weapons, it really doesn't matter very much since you'll still be destroyed by a 2v1.The Story: Pretty good. You play as Mors, a Night's watch recruiter sent South, and a Red Priest known as Alister, heir to a noble House. They trun out to be good friends, the Lannisters are still ♥♥♥♥ing♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ same old stuff.The Game: Overall it's...not really memorable. There is a hell of a lot of potential in the game, but none of it shows up or if it does, it falls flat like a jumper from a thirty-storey building. The characters are poorly done, but have some personality despite it.Overall I'd give the game a 6/10. It has moments where it's good, but unless you're a fan of ASoIaF, you should avoid it. It doesn't appeal outside of what it is based upon."
76561198010934172,Recommended,208730,22175828,"Posted: 1 April, 2016",all,I just wanna be pure,"Yet another game given too hard a time by reviewers due to overhyping. This game really is great. Sure there are some glitches and the graphics arent the greatest, but this game does not deserve the low scores it received. In my opinion its a mixture between the original witcher and dragon age. The combat is similar to the witcher, the party system is similar to dragon age, and the world design is similar to both. The strongest point in this game is its story. It almost feels like im part of a game of thrones miniseries spin off. It is definitely worth a play through when you can grab it on sale, especially if you are a game of thrones fan."
76561198116527414,Recommended,208730,26486849,"Posted: 8 November, 2016",all,Sigmar,"I recommend this game, but only for those who like to watch Game of Thrones. The reason is that this game makes you watch a lot: Cutscenes are numerous and long and make GoT feel like an animated interactive spin-off feature film. Also, in this combat system (that reminded me of Dragon Age: Origins), the player is mostly a passive observer of the auto-attacks, throwing in special moves and potions occasionally. For my play sessions, I took a bar of chocolate in order to keep busy when the ""movie"" continued between the interactive parts.The world consists of a number of locations only connected by a fast travel map. They are not all corridors with only one way to move forward, especially King's Landing is relatively elaborate; coming from Skyrim and Fallout though, I felt it to be very limited. That said, the graphics and sound background of the winter scenery at the Wall and the different quarters of the capital are nice and atmospheric.The character and the NPCs look good as well. The only problem here  is the use of a limited number of NPC models that are randomly distributed in the populated areas, and it is quite common that the same model appears several time at the same spot - it breaks the immersion a little if you visit a market and see the exact same person twice talking with himself on a regular basis.The quality of the voice acting varies between mediocre and very good; fortunately the main characters are cast appropriately. The loot and equipment system, the classes and skill progression are not great, but functional. An innovative gameplay aspect is Mors' Warg ability to control his dog who can then follow traces, very similar to Geralt's hightened sense of smell in the Witcher 3. The best thing about this game are the plot twists, when you discover that characters (including one of the two protagonists) are not who he seemed at first.My general verdict is that this is a decent game implemented in an interesting movie in the Game of Thrones universe and will mostly please fans of the series."
,Recommended,208730,12617821,"Posted: 24 October, 2014",all,Iron,"I wouldn't say it's underrated, no not quite. But it is indeed an interesting game with a very well-written plot. There are a lot of references to places and characters only mentioned in the books, which I like a lot.But due to poor design-choices, this game lacks the essence of a fully fleshed out RPG. It feels as if it was dumbed down for consoles, which it clearly was, there should be no doubt about that beyond this point.Pros:Great voice-actors, some even the originals from the show (Mormont, Varys etc.)Soundtrack the same as in the showAuthentic imagery of G.R.R Martins worldCons:Clunky movement and camera controlsI don't like the graphics of this game: Textures seem old and uninspiredMagic - in my opinion it's just over-the-top and a hit in the face of the loreDespite all that, I'm having a good time with it."
,Recommended,208730,13953458,"Posted: 11 January, 2015",all,somebody336,"Game of Thrones is a real time RPG set before the events of the show but will eventually go up to Season 1 of the show. It has you controlling two protagonists, one a Ranger of The Wall called Mors Westford  and the other a self exiled heir to a powerful lord of the south called Alester Sarwyck. Each have their own inventory, money and skills which you will have to constantly manage. The game is mostly linear but has a few side quests here and there but will expire once that chapter is over. It does feature a few characters from the show that play vital roles like Queen Cersei and Varrus along with some well known locations like Kings Landing and Castle Black. Neither area are impressive though and Kings Landing feels like a tiny town instead of the capital of Westeros. If you are unfamiliar with Game of Thrones the game does feature a lot of codex entries to help fill you in.Let me start off with talking about gameplay. It is pretty simple, you auto-attack an enemy when spotting them but pressing the attack button is much more effective as it cause more damage and its a lot more likely to connect the blow. Then  you can select an ability and a menu opens up causing the action to go into slow motion to give you more time to select them. Which sounds alright but the fact that you usually fight by yourself against multiple enemies will cause you to quickly get bored since you have a limited set of moves and will be relying heavily on the same few moves with little chance to vary it up. The targeting system is very clunky and will flat out refuse to work at times causing you to take unnecessary damage as you are unable to target the archers that are quickly draining your health and to further annoy you enemies strikes can hit you even if you are a couple feet away from them and they strike air. I feel combat would be a lot more enjoyable if you had a party like most games of this genre but as it stands it feels very tedious.Once you reach level 7 you can choose another fighting style which has it's own set of moves which is very welcome so you can experiment with a few more ablities. The game also features light stealth  sections in where you take control of Mor's dog and enter a first person mode to pick up on peoples scents and hunt them down. You can take out enemies by sneaking up behind them and pouncing on them to rip out their throats which is fun at first but for some reason they found it necessary to make you mash a button when doing that which gets annoying fast. Alester on the other hand has an ability to spot hidden items but the animation of it takes quite awhile to finish which makes it annoying to use too. At one time you are required to go on a scavenger hunt searching for seven keys around Alester's castle which just felt like lazy padding but luckily after that you can solve the games only puzzles which were pretty enjoyable.Graphics are very outdated and the major areas you explore are tiny and unimpressive. On top of that the amount of times they reuse the same models is absurd. Every piece of armor looks different and it is pretty fun mixing and matching the armor sets to your liking. Enemies all look very similar minus the sigils of their lords on the armor and shields which isn't really a problem since the fantasy stuff is near non existent in this game. The user interface for the inventory is pretty bad since it is difficult to compare equipment and weapons, armor,potions, etc are separated into different tabs which make it even more of a hassle. Also when selling at vendors the items you have equipped are in random positions with only a tiny icon that has your face on it which may cause you to accidentally sell your best equipment. Another issue I would like to address is that the mini-map is very confusing to understand and you have to be practically on top of an item or location so that you know where it is, though there is a map in the start menu which is much more useful.Sound is a mixed bag. The music features the main theme to GoT and some other fitting music which I find enjoyable but loops a bit too often. Sound effects are just average, they do the job. Now this is the worst flaw of the game, the voice acting. Holy cow, with the amount of dialogue in this game you'd think they would atleast try to make it decent but nope. The only characters with decent voices are the ones from the show, the rest are terrible. They all sound half asleep and sound so monotone that it really damages the story in this game. It makes the world and adventure seem so boring hearing how everyone talks like the world's most underpaid documentary narrator. None are capable of of showing emotion, they yell “No!” the same way I would from arguing with Siri on my phone while high on meds from a blow to the head.Story starts off with the most evil looking protagonist called Mor's as he does a few missions for the Night Watch and eventually switches to Alester who has returned to Westeros for his fathers funeral. Both are really interesting characters (with bad voice acting) and the events that happen to the game will eventually effect both of them. The story in this is surprisingly important and is capable of changing all of Westeros to keep it vague and spoiler free.  It is pretty cool playing as a character with a looked down upon religion and wish they would have done more with it other than a few characters hating your guts because of your beliefs. They do an excellent job at getting you to despise the villain in this game and became my main motivation for wanting to beat the game considering the main story was rather uninteresting until later on. About 3/4th into  the campaign the story suddenly becomes very good and will have you hooked until the awesome end. It was a rather surprising and welcome change, it's like if the writer's boss found out he spends most of his workdays playing Minecraft or something and replaced his computer with a typewriter.This is one game I spent a lot of time wondering if I should recommend or not. It isn't broken and runs fine enough it's just so boring until much later on. It doesn't do anything well other than build up the main characters but even that is negatively effected by awful voice acting. And it is rather tame until the 3/4th mark which is strange considering how gritty and violent the GoT universe is. I'd have to say that if you are a huge Game of Thrones fan wanting to explore parts of Westeros and wanting to see a story not involving the Starks and Lannisters then feel free to give this one a shot."
,Not Recommended,208730,12750097,"Posted: 2 November, 2014",all,Othrandur,"As a devoted fan of the books and the TV series, I'm trying very hard to view this game in a positive light, but the blemishes just won't go away, no matter how hard I squint.It does have many positive aspects. Just being in Westeros is a big deal and it's nice to meet characters that you already know. The story has the right feel. The graphics, while not spectacular by current standards, are enough to convey the required look and mood.Unfortunately, the game play is abysmal. The combat mechanics, in particular, are downright painful and completely break the immersion in the battle as you have to fight more with the UI to do anything meaningful than you do with your opponent. I do like the ""active pause"" mechanism, where action (and even speech) continues in slow motion rather than stopping completely, but that's part of what breaks the immersion. If you want any chance to win your fight, you can't do it in adrenaline-pumping real time. As an option, ""active pause"" would be phenomenal. As an obligation, it sucks. And once you're in combat, you're locked in place with your opponent. You can't back down, move sideways, or go to a tactically better location. The only thing you can do is to change target. This  is even worse as an archer. Once you start shooting, the game decides where you stand. You can't seek cover, even partial cover. You just stand there in the middle of the combat field like a big idiot while enemies either shoot at you or charge you, at which point you can switch to a melee weapon.And then, there are cut scenes. Billions and billions and billions of cut scenes! While the cut scenes are interesting, they're too long and too frequent. If they wanted to make a movie, I would have gladly bought the DVD, but what I wanted here was a game.Interaction with the world is also painful. You can't interact with most things and the only way to know that you can interact with something is when you're nearly on top of it and an obnoxious glowing icon suddenly appears over it. You can't talk to most NPCs, either. Unless they're a merchant or a quest giver, they're basically just mindless decorations. Even the ones you can talk to have no variety. They will repeat the exact same phrases over and over and over. You can't get into most buildings. You can't pick up objects that are on the ground. That beautiful sword on the ground? Forget it. It's just part of the backdrop. It might as well be a painting.Basic movement is also incredibly primitive. We're talking Doom grade primitive. You can't jump and every drop is protected by a forcefield that prevents you from falling, even if it's only a couple of feet. You can't crouch or change speed either.This final point bothers me personally, but some people might like it, though I can't begin to understand why they would. If you chose to play with the controller, the controller becomes the only thing you can use. The keyboard and mouse seem to be completely deactivated, except for the arrow keys when navigating a menu. Maybe they just wanted it toreallyfeel like a console port.So, if you're a Game of Thrones fan, you're kind of in a bind because you will want to play this, if only for the story and the chance to meet some of your favorite characters or to visit some of the locations. But if you're not a GoT fan and are just looking for a good RPG, walk past this one."
,Recommended,208730,21055602,"Posted: 8 February, 2016",all,Logan Sensei,"i stopped a guy from looting a corpse by moral meanings, so i could loot the corpse.10/10"
76561198030836970,Recommended,208730,31141669,Posted: 14 April,all,Gloomseeker,"After more than 25 hours I can say it's been the most dramatic and exhilarating CRPG I've played in a long time.I won't spoil anything but the strength of the game lies in the story and more importantly in the characters who could definitely star in a novel or even a series. For once we're not playing kids but world weary and mature men who have been through a lot and have had some eventful lives. The game focuses on two characters, a veteran of the Night's Watch and a Red Priest.Throughout the game we come to learn more about their respective stories and what drove them to take the black or embrace the faith of the Red God. The game somehow imitates the narrative of the books (and TV show) by switching back and forth between these two characters thus creating some sense of expectation which can sometimes lead to some tantalizing cliffhangers.I won't comment much on the story for obvious reasons but all I can say is that it's a credit to the setting and received the approval of George R.R. Martin (yes, it's that good). At times it may seem linear but the game always provides the player with meaningful choices and opportunities to shift the direction of the story. You won't radically modify the outcome of events but you will have a say on how your character deals with these. It does a pretty good job at fleshing out these characters and the two main heroes (or antiheroes) are very memorable.The game also makes the most of the setting. It was in production before the show was on the air so it looks slightly different at times (I really like the realistic look the game goes for when it comes to armours and some of the clutter) but the game does feature some well known elements (like for instance the Iron Throne from the show) and faces from the TV show and voice acting from the actors (only a few of them so you won't get to see Tyrion but you will recognize some of the big names).There is an emphasis on the Game of Thrones (the story takes place at the time of the first book/season) so later events in A Song of Ice and Fire are not spoiled by the game (I'm still catching up).The story is gritty, brutal and at times even grim. You can expect twists, backstabbing and violence reminiscent of the Red Wedding. Honour is a rare commodity in a world where everyone is a ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥.From a technical point of view the game is not a AAA title and it shows (don't expect this game to look as good as The Witcher). Some models look really good but on the whole it's serviceable.You may have to enable Vsync in the ini file because of the screen tearing. The FOV is a bit too close but that's something I've learned to accept after failing to edit that setting. There is some clipping if you mix different outfits or if you watch some finishing moves too closely (but that's true of Skyrim and most people don't hold that against it).The music and soundtrack are competent and aptly support the action on screen. The voice acting is ok with some characters that really stand out (especially the first character) but some minor characters can be a bit off and forced (once again the same can be said about Skyrim).When it comes to combat the game plays a lot like Dragon Age Origins (or KotoR). The real problem is the difficulty especially in the early game because at that point you simply don't have unlocked the most useful abilities yet and it all feels a bit like rock, paper, scissors...Once you get some area attack and some stun effect and attack things start looking up but until you do the game can turn into an exercise in frustration unless you turn down the difficulty setting. Combat doesn't involve you as much as in other games because you can only give orders, you're not the one doing the attacking, the dodging and the parrying. That wasn't so bad with Dragon Age Origins but I can see how dated this can feel now after playing games like the Witcher or Kingdoms of Amalur (by the way that's not saying that the combat in a game like Skyrim is better or even particularly good).It does work and it doesn't require much dexterity on the player's part but it also leads to some form of boredom as you sit back and watch your guy hacking away at some foes on auto-attack (unless things take a turn for the worse) which is pretty much how you could play Dragon Age Origins when facing regular mobs on average difficulty. Perhaps I was just being lazy but after a while facing another group of foes was more some sort of hindrance, some annoyance to be done with in order to progress through the story instead of a fun diversion.In other words I kept playing despite all the combat and not because of it. Like I said it works but in the end it can be very repetitive because most of the time you use your best area attack when facing mob or simply try and stun lock your foe in a duel.Character creation offers many different options and you can invest in different stats and unlock many things as you level up but the most interesting thing is getting some perks that reflect the way you've played and the choices you've made (which is something that reminded me of Alpha Protocol).All in all I can recommend this game to fans of A Song of Ice and Fire and fans of the Game of Thrones TV show. It's not your usual fantasy CRPG so that could be seen as a plus for a CRPG fan.The depth of the world is used to provide a colourful backdrop without alienating the player who may not be an expert. What I'm trying to say is that I haven't read all the books (yet) but I never felt like I was lost which is more than I can say of the beginning of the Witcher 2 which is rather confusing even for people who did play the first game (and probably a bad design choice because it becomes much harder to relate to what is happening if you have absolutely no clue regarding the action).I can appreciate an in medias res start because it makes for a strong first impression but you have to provide enough background so the player can relate to what is happening on the screen. The Game of Thrones RPG does a great job of involving the player in the story and if you can stick through some of the most repetitive sections you will be rewarded with one of the most satisfying ending to any story even more so because that particular ending will be a direct reflection of some of the decisions you've made in the game. The story may force your hands at some points but you end up making the story your own as you can choose what role you want to play and more importantly actually play that role within the frame of the story."
,Recommended,208730,25432333,"Posted: 9 September, 2016",all,http://www.Youtube.com,"Whew, jesus this game. I came in thinking it was going to be like Two Worlds kind of, yet more story driven and less. . . crap. What I got was a cookie cutter rpg that is anything but a cookie cutter RPG. Extremely brutal like actual Game of Thrones with a decent story. What kind of lacks is the combat. It's different, it's intuitive, but it's boring. You are in real time fighting a not real time battle. It's like a mixture of Divinity Original Sin and Fable. The walking is kind of clunk but bearable, the voice acting is pretty alright, you have dialogue options although they really don't affect anything. All in all I give this a solid Meh outta 10 get it cheap like I did 5 bucks for the whole game and DLC"
,Recommended,208730,19307757,"Posted: 27 November, 2015",all,xXWilDXx,"Finally got my hands on this game as I'm a big fan of the TV Show.So, here's my review for it so far (reaching 6 hours into it)Final Score - 7 out of 10Storyline ; ( 6/10 )The storyline doesn't follow Game Of Thrones stories but it has some parts that will remind you of the TV Show.So you play as 2 different characters, one is a survivor and leader of the Night's Watch.The other one is an old priest that returns to his city and tries to bring justice into it.So as for the story goes you will get yourself into the character's head, it's pretty fun.Dialogs are general I skip the conversations sometimes but I like the variety of ways you can play this game.Gameplay ; (7/10)1) Quests -After you create your character and give him his attributes,stats and class you follow the story that the game has given to you and move along the maps to complete the quests.You can do some side quests that will not take long and kill extra enemies.Nothing to explore really besides finding more quests/enemy and items.As for the equipment you have you can trade it (sell/buy) in merchants in each map.So, there's nothing much to do in this game.2) Combat -As for the combat goes, if you played Of Orcs and Men and enjoy it you will enjoy the combat in this game as well.You have pause menu where you can choose which abilities to do with each character and then execute it on the enemy.The enemy A.I have different types of weapons/armor so it is challenging.RPG Elements ; (8.5/10)1) Skills - Skill Trees with upgrades for each character, and also to the character A.I assistant.2) Items - variety of weapons to use, and in differnet types as well. Ranged/Closed , Blunt/Cutting , Short blades etc.3) Equipment - You have 2 weapon sets in this game so you can switch from 1 set to another anytime.Example: [Set One] can be crossbow or heavy axe and [Set Two] can be 2 weapons in hand or sword+shield.You also have body armor (helmet etc) flasks (potions etc) and rings.4) Character Build - in 4 phases.[Phase 1] Class [Phase 2] Stats [Phase 3] Skill Tree [Phase 4] Strength and Weakness attributesSo combine all of this in this game and you will enjoy your time playing as a badass ruthless warrior with strong weapons and heavy damage, or as the protector of the city with health and dodging abilities, or as a scouting rouge that has stealth moves. (yes, stealth is also a mechanic in this game).A.I ; ( 6/10 )1) Enemy A.I - They are challenging because each has different type of armor and weapon.The come in groups so you will have to combine strategy and tactics to defeat them.2) Character A.I - You control your A.I (ofcourse because it's a rpg fantasy game) just like in Of Orcs And Men.Each character has different abilities and different tasks. (control the dog of Mors or the soldier of The Priest).Overall ;If you enjoyed games like Of Orcs and Men and Divinity you will find common combat system like in Orcs and Men and similiar rpg elements like in Divinity.You will enjoy the gameplay, cuz it's also repetetive as you can play in different classes, different builds/skills and making your character be a ruthless heartless ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ or a good ""governor"" for the people of Riverspring.But if you've watched the show and expect the characters from the show and storylines from the show, you are to be mistaken.You should give this game a try cuz it's unique and good as it is.Thanks for watching this review."
,Recommended,208730,23633485,"Posted: 18 June, 2016",all,The A-tron,"Great game. A must if you are into the Song of Ice and Fire lore.Everyone says the control are horrible, but it is literally WASD movement with a resident evil over the shoulder camera. Switch party members by pushing tab. In combat, its like an mmo, where you auto attack and have a hotbar full of skills to use. You can push space bar and the game goes into slow motion, allowing you to be very strategic with combat and use your party members to their full extent.Honestly if you had issues with the controls in this game you will have issues with the controls in a lot of games, because they are very simple and intuitive. I would imagine everyone complaining is using a controller, and then it might be more difficult, but its a joy on keyboard/mouse.The story runs parallel with the books/show, so you are playing alongside important events in the world. It really is a lot of fun seeing the world from other points of view if you have read the books or seen the show. The character creation and leveling up has depth, it is a lot like an old school rpg. It has a smattering of dungeons and dragons, in that you get to pick your stats and skills.All in all, great game, great rpg. Not the best, and a bit dated graphics wise, but that barely puts a dent in it. Would recommend."
76561198079153188,Recommended,208730,32511147,Posted: 17 June,all,CodeNinja,"I found this game to be fun, but fairly scripted which makes sense in order for the game to keep to the story from the books. It was fun and I did enjoy it, but I would not consider this as good a game as something like the Witcher. The graphics are good and the fight mechanics give you options for real-time and turn-based which can be very useful for some of the really tough fights. The skinchanger mode is really cool and quite useful as well."
76561197993421641,Not Recommended,208730,30603686,Posted: 18 March,all,FIGIOT,"+ Decent story- Combat system.- Minimap sucked, opening the map to navigate through areas is not fun.- Gameplay- Arena bug5/10Except for the story I disliked most apects of this game. But the story is not good enough to make me finish the game.Status: Dropped"
76561198246412992,Recommended,208730,19297726,"Posted: 26 November, 2015",all,its4rob2c,"A good game, if you prefer a slightly slower paced game, with less button mashing.Plenty of scenes to watch and text to read if your into that.Having the dog from the DLC was fun, getting it to rip peoples throats out.Not bad graphics and sound effects.Not the type of game that could be played over and over again, but well worth a go!"
76561198066353754,Not Recommended,208730,10984086,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,FX10morph,"This game sickens me. I am a huge fan of Game of Thrones, and this kills the story with♥♥♥♥♥♥combat and terrible voice acting and graphics. Please don't make the mistake i did, and do not buy this game."
,Not Recommended,208730,10631529,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,netsentry,"Below average.  4/10+On the positive side, it has a wonderful, immersive story that fits nicely in canon with season one of the TV show.  Some of the characters are even from the show, complete with their actual voices.  That really lent authenticity to the experience.  The music is good.-It's hard to recommend this game.  It took me three tries to finally get into it because the clunky combat is so bad.  You are unable to move out of combat with your weapon drawn, and you must be in an enemy's little circle in order to draw and engage.  As someone who plays a ranged character, this obviously poses a problem.  The graphics are also subpar, complete with no anti-aliasing.  The faces and armors render well, but all contrast is just off because of lack of shading.  Sound effects are poor."
76561198165102136,Not Recommended,208730,22133874,"Posted: 29 March, 2016",all,rbdonk,"Great story that fits in well with the published works, but really lacking in gameplay. Instead of being fun, exploration and combat just felt like chores that you had to do to earn the next set of cut scenes. Wouldn't recommend unless you are a huge game of thrones fan and it's on sale."
76561198064235527,Recommended,208730,12548425,"Posted: 18 October, 2014",all,deanmt94,"This game has a reputation for being unplayable. And to an extent that is true. However, if you can work past the clunky combat and camera controls, outdated graphics and voice acting that leaves much to be desired, then you will find a game that is rich with story, atmosphere and character. The plot is as gripping, intriguing and complex as any of the A Song of Ice and Fire novels, and the many twists and turns it takes result in many surprises and eureka moments. All in all, this is a game for those who prize story above all. Casual gamers, stay away."
76561198114220083,Not Recommended,208730,19459633,"Posted: 3 December, 2015",all,The Foundationer,Pros:-interesting storyCons:-too short-crappy DLC-awful combat3/10
76561198209844908,Recommended,208730,34477030,Posted: 25 August,all,風林火山,"you can choose to be a water dancer, or a red priest, or be like Thoros of Myr and light up your very own flaming sword, what else you could hope for?"
76561198059084672,Recommended,208730,26597393,"Posted: 14 November, 2016",all,Mlle.Lyla,"So far it reminds me of Dreamfall ... Mostly interactive storytelling , with some character customizations and some fighting, and you get to play different characters with their own storiesand abilities. I just wish it could be an ever bigger game, with more stories, more characters ... the GRRM world have so much potential for this, and yeah its better if you are a fan already otherwise it might be a bit hard to love.love the skinchanging !"
76561198067081765,Recommended,208730,18252648,"Posted: 29 September, 2015",all,GeekGranny,"This is the review I thought longest and hardest about writing because I really want to be fair to both the game devs and potential purchasers of this game.This is a diamond-in-the-rough, game. Personally? I enjoyed it. Immensely in fact.Let me caveat that, first.It was crashy during the first few hours. I nearly quit several times. The combat system is annoying, mainly because every time the player gains a new skill, when using a controller, the old skills shifts slots on the dial thus meaning that combat can never be played with muscle memory. That may be less of a problem when using k/m. The combat was no great shakes due to that time-slowing mechanism [geez if yer gonna have pause-based, have pause-based, going half-azzed is just silly] but this game, like Torment, isn't so much about combat as it is about what that combat reveals about the story.A common complaint was the graphics. Okay, I get that...this game is not $60 however and I really have no problem with dated graphics so if you are expecting Skyrim you will hate it. If you like older games played for their plots and characters the graphics probably won't bother you.I don't understand the complaints about the voice acting. I thought the two main protagonists fit the story very well. Other than the odd unimportant NPC--it was adequet to decent voice acting all the way through. I've played games with far worse vocals, for sure.While the villains of the tale are rather generic, the main characters [you, as the player, play two of them] were deep, inspired characters with flaws, vulnerabilities and strengths.It has replayablity from the perspective not so much of outcome but of revealing more story. If that's what you're into--then it provides that experience. It also provides the choices of changing the skill sets of the main characters if desired.The Writing:That's where this game shines all the way. It's deep, complex, dark and compelling. I was driven to finish it because that story drove me on from start to finish. It opens up questions on the nature of responsibility and making difficult choices, honor, family, committment, etc.I am going to recommend it because at this price point--it IS an enjoyable game to play for a couple of days and while many of the complaints about it are valid--it is far more interesting than many AAA titles with better graphics and bigger budgets. Remember, when this was made, nobody was quite sure that GoT was going to be the huge hit that it became so this was farmed out to a smaller, less expensive developer. It feels to me as if the devs were cut off what they really wanted to do with this game due to budgetary constraints and as such, did the best they could under the circumstances.And for all that--it IS worth playing and I would recommend it."
,Recommended,208730,19272344,"Posted: 25 November, 2015",all,Speed,"Game of Thrones: the RPG is overall a well-done game that I recommend.The universe is - of course - extremely well-done. All those now famous locations or characters, the plots, the lands...The RPG part is there, and while the game isn't the most stunning visually speaking, it's not bad.But for me, there was one problem: right from the beginning, I found the combat system absolutely awful. I would personally have loved a more dynamic system, maybe less strategy-focusing and more graphical, even with comobos or stuff like that... But that's the devs choice.Anyway, despite the fighting system, I recommend it to anyone in love with the Game of Trones serie or the ASOIAF universe in general, or to all RPG fans who wouldn't mind the change of pace when fighting. The devs focused really hard on the story, giving us a believable plot, with no ""right"" choices but instead ""less-worse"" choices that do have consequences on the future, and I simply loved the main characters.I particularly loved Chapter 11 and the Finale. Plot-twists, brutality, and shades of evil. Loved it.1) Stay away2) Only recommended when on sale3) Recommended4) Highly recommended5) This is a must play"
,Recommended,208730,10087642,"Posted: 11 May, 2014",all,bradleypariah,"This is a *must* if you are both a fan of RPGs and Game of Thrones alike.You play as two completely independant characters - Alester and Mors. Alester is royalty, while Mors has ""taken the black"", living a life alongside an army defending all mankind from any and all threats that may lie beyond an enormous ice structure known as ""the wall"". The motives of these two characters differ on many important points, and this game is a journey to discover how their paths affect one another. Knowledge of the TV series or books is not a prerequisite to enjoying this game, but it certainly is a perk.Now, I seriously discourage anyone from buying this that has a habit of skipping cutscenes and dialog. Cutscenes and role-playing dialog are more than 50% of this game’s true content. It’s essentially an interactive 25+ hour movie, written by George RR Martin himself. The story is deep, the acting ranges from passable to superb, and it all absolutely ties in to the lore of the TV show.  You make dialog decisions that can and will affect the outcome of the game, and in many cases, affect the outcome of your present mission.  Almost every fight can be talked out of, if you care to figure out how to calm the person you’re speaking to.  Adversely, you could tell the angry person to shut their mouth and prepare for a beating, if you wish.Combat is cool-down style, and fights can be slowed down to bullet-time to make tactical decisions, which you will be doing A LOT.  Auto-attacking will get you killed, period.  You must use buffs and special attacks which are unlocked with XP, which is gained by completing missions, discovering new areas, and defeating enemies.Standard RPG fanfare such as inventory, loot, bartering, side-quests, open-world exploration, hidden items, character leveling, upgrades, stats, potions, and armor & weapon slots are all present as well.  Enjoy!"
76561198186287693,Not Recommended,208730,25815205,"Posted: 2 October, 2016",all,Demonsockz,"We seriously need a neutral rating when reviewing Steam games. Because right now I have to give this a thumbs down. It's not that I don't like it. I actually like it fine. I've played more than ten hours at the time of writing this. But I don't know if I'll make it much further.First the good. The story is intriguing, and I really do want to get to the end of it to see what happens, especially since there are supposed to be multiple endings. The two leads are also likeable, relateable, and interesting. This is surprising because their personalities are left up to the player a lot  of the time. If you want them to be cranky, then they're cranky. You want them to be bleeding hearts, then that's how they'll be.But the combat is boring me to tears. Imagine something similar to Dragon Age: Origins or KOTOR, then take away the nuance, strategy, awesome abilities, and everything else that made the combat in those games fun, and you'll have an idea of what I mean. It's just a such a slog. And every chapter you'll explore a new (but oddly familiar) dungeon with hordes of enemies that gang rush your two person party. It's just not fun. We needed more story and less combat.Anyways, I don't think it's a bad game. I like it. But I wouldn't recommend it when there's way better things to play."
,Not Recommended,208730,25486166,"Posted: 12 September, 2016",all,King Drivol,"The controller support is hard to manage and you have to utilize the mouse to change camera views.  The combat system is based upon pre-planning attacks with automated sequence.  It's not an open world like Skyrim but very linear in approach.  The story is the best aspect of the game, wherein occassionally you get to make choices.  The character is somewhat customizable as far as skills are concerned, but you still have a chosen storyline to follow rather than your own and the character persona is limited.  On sale, might provide some amusement, but you have to be a hard core fan to truly appreciate it."
76561197973010957,Recommended,208730,12407191,"Posted: 7 October, 2014",all,DrStrange,"Very simple RPG mechanics in a intresting world. It was alot better then I expected. If you are a fan of the books or TV show (both) then this game is worth the money without question. In is it's own little story set before the first book, I was really enjoying it.Also like the book it is told from multiple perspectives and you play diffrent characters. One of the nice features of the game.Good but not great. Worth it."
76561198081090011,Recommended,208730,12485374,"Posted: 13 October, 2014",all,ikillu87,"I just want to give this fair warning. The camera is horrible with a mouse. I immediately plugged in my controller, and it fixed most of my issues with it. Still a little close, but it works."
76561198030686590,Recommended,208730,18054980,"Posted: 16 September, 2015",all,Drake Ravenwolf,"Ever wonder what day to day life is like after taking the Black?Ever wonder about the details of the Red religion?  How it works, the perks and benefits?If story is more important to you than game mechanics and you have already gotten a taste for the GoT universe give this game a try and you will not be disappointed.  You will encounter characters from the TV, not a lot, but enough to fill in back stories and THIS story fits directly into the show.That said, do not get the Bundle with Genesis in it, THAT game is crap."
76561198054294168,Recommended,208730,16367335,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,Demetris,Valar Morghulis...
76561198006554328,Recommended,208730,18173716,"Posted: 24 September, 2015",all,alad,"This game is a must own for a game of thrones fan. The game is a decent rpg game, the combat mechanic is similar to the one in Kotor, the graphics are to be honest ugly most times but the story. The story is one of the best stories in rpg`s with unexpected turns of action. The story of this game is really truly worth it to be called ""A Game of Thrones"", the story is as complicated and intriguing as the TV-show or the books.The game take aprox. 14-16 hours."
76561198032830864,Recommended,208730,18742665,"Posted: 29 October, 2015",all,<HW> {GaS} Your_Local_Dr.Crun,"As a Game of Thrones fan of both the TV series and the Books I thought the naritive of this game was top notch and for that alone I would remomend it to any other game of thrones fans. However as a game, it doesn't hold up as much. The controls are clunky and weird and the camera control was a pain.If you are just looking for a solid RPG tital then perhaps try else where, or pick this game up during a steam sale if you have a few bucks to spare. You'll easily get an entertaining 30 hours out of the game with the DLC.Over all, it was an OK game with sub par gameplay but with an above average story with interesting characters.Score: 6/10"
76561197988872063,Recommended,208730,17974373,"Posted: 10 September, 2015",all,Yidpop,"I'm not sure why there's so many bad reviews for this game, okay, the camera isn't always great, but the combat is fine, along the lines of dragon age, and the story is really good.  There are many of the actors from GoT in it too, which is great if you love the series like I do.  Weird with the 2 chars though, just get into playing one and it switches to the next chapter with the other, who seems to be working for the other side, and i just get used to playing him and it switches back.  But it is fun to play the 2 different chars.  Definitely recommend this game if you like GoT, and even if you just like rpg's."
,Recommended,208730,17885924,"Posted: 4 September, 2015",all,_JAKE_,"Just wow guys...I will not lie that I bought this game based on its name but others promised an experience that no other Role Play Game could match. The diologue is spectatcular to say the least. Story is very interesting and has the greatest detail i've seen. So far i've played up to now chapter 5 and its just addicting. Your knowledge of the Game of Thrones universe will vastly expand as you learn more and more of events going on throughout the 7 kingdoms.Each playthrough is mean't to be unique. A simple conversation with a merchant could alter the end result of the game for your one character. So far i've become a dreaded butcher on the ""Wall"" and also an esteemed lord trying to regain his lost titles.Just buy the game, I got this onsale but its worth far more than what they are even asking."
76561197979438474,Recommended,208730,16249108,"Posted: 7 June, 2015",all,Zednaught,"Game of Thrones is an underappreciated RPG, set in the famous universe of the same name. I'd never read the books, but thanks to some good writing and the in-game codex, I never felt lost. I enjoyed the combat, too, with its tense, tactical feel and focus on small groups of enemies. Many RPGs lose some of that sense of danger when the heroes can slaughter dozens of foes with ease.Above all, I really appreciated the writing. As Alester, I had an interesting realization after I reflected upon some of the things I had done in his quest to restore his throne. I realized that many of those actions-which felt right at the time-were not so different from what a certain 'villain' had done as well. This was made more profound because of the ending that I chose.The game nailed the ending. Really, just nailed it. Each ending was different, but equally powerful and uncompromising. I felt that it earned the conflicts and twists at the end. Many RPGs flub their endings, or claim to have multiple endings that turn out to be mostly the same.I feel like the lackluster graphics will throw some people off, as will the slowish start, but it truly does build to something meaningful at the end.  Companies like Bioware would be wise to take note."
76561198037802287,Recommended,208730,25813590,"Posted: 1 October, 2016",all,PwG,"If you like GOT at all, then this is a must play.Features an interesting and dynamic story in the GOT world.The voice acting is good, the graphics may be a bit dated, and the combat can be simplistic.Having said that there is RPG elements to the combat which make it fun.But mostly the story and characters/atmosphere draw you in.I found this game to be entertaining and very good value."
,Recommended,208730,29346590,Posted: 18 January,all,DavidHorm,"~40 hours to beat with all the side quests completed on default difficulty.Amazing story line. I'm a fan of the TV series, and this story line fits quite well. The game takes place during season 1 of the TV series, but you'll have to watch half of season 3 for absolutely no spoilers.I recommend this game anybody who likes Game of Thrones style storytelling. It feels like an indie developer trying to make a AAA title, so you'd have to forgive a few quirky things here and there."
76561198081029931,Recommended,208730,29733476,Posted: 5 February,all,huey.cl,"At first playing this, I said ""Oh♥♥♥♥♥♥ This is a ♥♥♥♥♥♥ tie-in game."" But I stuck with it. I was glad I did.  The story is very well done and very Game-of-Thrones-ey (for lack of a better term). Don't expect a happy ending from this one. Combat is lackluster and boring at times, but the story drives. It's also super cool to just explore spots like Castle Black and eavesdrop on people. Definitely worth picking this one up on sale if you're a fan of Game of Thrones. The DLC is BS, though."
76561198019970955,Recommended,208730,35011217,Posted: 16 September,all,Elric,"Gameplay wise, this is a shallow and mostly linear action RPG that runs on a basic game engine with somewhat clunky controls and unremarkable graphics.But it is still o so worth it to play this game to the end if you are a fan of Game of Thrones. The plot of the game is a genuine, well thought out Game of Thrones experience that could be right out of the books / series. The game gets progressively better and more interesting as the plot thickens.Also, the gameplay is not as bad as I make it sound. I just want to be clear that this is no Skyrim or Dragon Age game. But it does offer some interesting choices in character development, and has a very good variety of weapons, armour and skills to equip your characters with. Combat is real-time but strategic (you can slow time to choose targets and abilities) and can be quite satisfying if you put some effort in developing your character and use your abilities wisely. Choices you make in the game matter and can have consequences much later in the game. Sometimes it feels like playing a Telltale game from third-person with action RPG elements.After finishing the game I feel like having finished a secret side story from a Song of Ice and Fire right from the feather of George RR Martin. Fantastic!"
,Recommended,208730,25502586,"Posted: 14 September, 2016",all,Smooth Terry,Samey combat and bad gameplay.But hot-damn that story.
76561198018443943,Recommended,208730,16569369,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,Cadis Etrama Di Raziel,"Oh Game of Thrones...  A fantastic story telling with interesting gameplay ideas, but an average to below average execution.  The game play could have been so much better.  I loved the characters, the dialogues, the twists and the story but I wish the overall gameplay could have been on par.Verdict: B (with an A scenario)"
76561197970344902,Recommended,208730,9199384,"Posted: 20 February, 2014",all,Blastaz,"The story and writing are the highlight. It nailed the ASOIAF aesthetic really well, and is beautifully grimdark. It also starts slightly before a Game of Thrones and so sheds an interesting perspective on the first novel, Jon Arryn's troops get a look in for example.Cyanide/Spider make the same sort of game (Of Orcs and Men, GoT, Mars War Logs and now Bound in Flame which I haven't played). They all have very original, adult(a 15 year old boy view of adult anyway) worlds with a dash of humour and underlying grimness. If you like one you'll like them all, and vice versa if you don't.The downsides are twofold: they are very unpolished, not buggy which they get called, but not the bioware level of sheen that people seem to expect. They also have a similar, although evolving combat style. In Orcs this was very uninteractive and quite hard, it slowly has become slightly easier and requires more player involvement. It got quite fun in Mars with a dodge roll but in GoT it is a bit slow and mainly comes down to maxing out knockdown/cc skills and then unloading damage on stunned enemies.They are quite oldskool RPGs in feel, with talking and world development and slightly arcane fighting. GoT was advertised as being an rpg for GoT fans when really it was a GoT game for RPG fans if that makes any sense.Basically if you like 'proper' rpgs and you like ASOIAF you should give it a try, the beyond the wall dlc prequel is particularly good.And the special edition with all the dlc is cheaper than the base game so buy that, the beyond the wall dlc is brutal, and well worth a play."
76561198062005728,Recommended,208730,10356969,"Posted: 5 June, 2014",all,Ishtar,"I loved this game. At the start I had some trouble with the controlls, but after like 5 mins I had pretty much mastered them. I mean using primarily Alester I beat every fight down with little trouble. I then mastered Mors and butchered a second playthough using him mostly. When you figure out the ebb and flow of the combat system it works out perfectly. I feel that most of the people that rag on this game are either garbage at most action rpgs, or they are very SIMPLE..... But that aside I recomend this game to the fullest. If you love Game of Thrones then its a must have!"
,Recommended,208730,12470639,"Posted: 12 October, 2014",all,OB,"if you play games for the storyline and cinematics and don't mind putting up with a pretty crappy combat system, you'll enjoy thisthe voice acting is subpar in places, in other's it's ♥♥♥♥in amazing (see varys)other than that it's true to GoT canon and most fans would enjoy it"
76561197997348740,Recommended,208730,33504566,Posted: 13 July,all,Shamgar,"A decently entertaining romp through the world of GoT. A lot more could have been done, but I had fun with what it did offer."
76561198043646120,Recommended,208730,20609129,"Posted: 18 January, 2016",all,Warbarian,"One of the best story line games Ive played in awhile. Not only because the show and book itself are great also, but I actually expected this game to be a bad representation of the show/book. To my surprise, its got a great storyline with long    dialouge speeches with characters and touching moments. Not only that, it was quite long for a game. I kept thinking to myself, this has got to be the end, and to my surprise, another chapter unfolded.The combat is very simplefied, you mainly need to keep track of your characters health and to target enemies. Not very hard at all. If you like the show/books or like deep involved storylines with a lot of character dialouge (and there is alot of talking in the game) You will love this game."
76561198005368735,Recommended,208730,8752519,"Posted: 18 January, 2014",all,DennydD,"Pro:The story is well tailored and should please everybody who is interested in ""A game of thrones"". If you are not familiar with the series or the books you might be disappointed with how the story turns out.It is a solid story telling game, so if you are interested in a good (and dark) story you should give it a try.Cons:From the technical aspect the game is far from up to date. Also the intput and GUI is ""consolish"" and needs some time. Over all I would NOT recommend the game for somebody who looks for a RPG without interest or knowlege about ""The game of thrones "" series/books."
76561198084722548,Recommended,208730,34963242,Posted: 14 September,all,Seleevan,"Ugly? Yes. Uncomfy? Yes.Would I play it again? No.Should you play it at least once? HELL YES.If you want to be a badass crow in westeros, search no further. Mors for life.A normal sited story, that starts off slowly, but as it progresses it will stick you to the monitor untill the end. If you are hungering for a GoT experience, this is a must play."
76561198054743796,Recommended,208730,28088462,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,- Achillion -,"The combat and AI is very disappointing. If you can live with that, it is a must-have for every Game of Thrones fan."
76561198006696752,Recommended,208730,10461171,"Posted: 13 June, 2014",all,Knife70,"It a game with many, many and many technical problems: wild cameras, bad objects hitbox, bad ui, bad AI, graphical gliches...I suppose that the QA test guys were all blind to undetect all these issues, or maybe they did but someone decided to ignore them.After all these annoying things, there is a heavy metal story, full of intrigue, hate, fury, sorrow and pain.  I find it well built around the first book of the saga.  Both characters are good, but Mors (the Nightwatch) is really awesome (a medieval terminator).The fights are quite difficult by both the enemy skills and UI issues... but never impossible.  It reminds me Dragonage mechanics.The character growth, graphics, and sound are quite good but certainly not impressive.If you seek the pure fantasy action, stay away from this game. (3/10)If you seek an intense novel, and if you are ready to start your journey into the valley of the tech. issues, and to save game many, many and many times, the story should repay you for all your efforts. (6+++/10)"
76561198049566718,Recommended,208730,10737697,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,Kanyn,"First let me start by saying how I cannot believe this game has gotten all these bad reviews. It's not a bad game at all. Does it have it's flaws? Yes. Does it deserve all of the horrid reviews it's received? No. It's a very story and lore focused game, and if you allow yourself to immerse into the story, I believe you will enjoy it.The game itself takes place during the first book, A Game of Thrones. You will hear events from the book play out as you progress through the game. I don't think it ever goes as far as A Clash of Kings, but don't quote me on that. During the game you will switch between the two protagonists, Mor and Alester. They are very flawed characters each with a past that still haunts them 15 years later. Typically with games that have multiple protagonists, I usually like one character more than the other. But with the way they were written, I really enjoyed playing as both characters and seeing each of their stories play out. Throughout the game you will come across various characters, some are more ""meh"" than others. The antagonist of the story was well done imo. You will love to hate him.That being said... This game will at times will feel like it fits into more of a 'interactive film' sub-genre RPG game. I say that because the cutscenes can be very long winded at times, and they will happen quite often. In my opinion the game's story is extremely well done. The voice acting was actually pretty decent for the most part, even though there are a few NPC's that have laughable voice acting and animations. The leveling system tries to be complex but it is rudimentary and the gameplay will have a feeling of ""been there, done that"" if you played Dragon Age: Origin's before. The combat and dialogue systems are very similar but it's execution is mediocre at best compared to Bioware's. It feels like a generic copy. The sound track is pretty good, as it complements the setting. But some of the background music can get repetitive at times. Very repetitive.Some of the complaints I've read / heard talked about the horrid controls and graphics. I've been using the Xbox 360 controller for Windows and didn't have any control issues, and the graphics are a tad bit dated. As you play you will be able to tell where the game was quite possibly rushed in some areas. Character models and animations being one area. But as time went on I didn't mind the weak points of the game as much. Now believe it or not, this is a game where your choices do matter. The decisions you make will have an effect on the rest of the game as the story unravels.Still, I am surprised and dismayed the game does not get rated higher for it's ability to draw you into such a great story and setting. The morality of this game seems to match up with the books - there is no clear hero. Some good deeds will be scolded rather than rewarded. The villains of the world sometimes win, and innocent's can and will suffer. I would definitely recommend it for fans of George R. R. Martin's work."
,Recommended,208730,8497543,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,Kraftmatic,A great story (20+ hours) easily makes up for the clunky controls and camera.  It's worth buying if you are a Game of Thrones fan.
,Recommended,208730,8977985,"Posted: 4 February, 2014",all,moss_icon,"In spite of the poor graphics, animation and hit and miss voice acting, along with the rather basic and constrained level design, this is actually a pretty decent RPG. That's mostly down to the setting, but whoever wrote this has done a good job of capturing the Thrones world. It's certainly cheesey in places, but has a lot of atmosphere to make up for it, and I found it quite compelling for much of the game. If you have no interest in GoT, you probably shouldn't go near it, but if you like the idea of a 20ish hour RPG set in Westeros, then you should give this a whirl. Don't expect Skyrim."
,Recommended,208730,7930553,"Posted: 5 December, 2013",all,The Grinderman,"One of the best story RPGs of all time. Rarely seen a more intriguing tale told. Both main characters are very well written and character progression is believable and touching on so many bases. Honor, Comrady and Treachery all blend into an epic which keeps you hooked until the end. Fits perfectly into the world of Game of Thrones. 9/10 for me."
,Recommended,208730,7751146,"Posted: 25 November, 2013",all,Shyhalu,"Overall experience was great after the first 2 chapters.   7/10NOTE: The game spoils both the book and tv series.  It runs on the same timeline as the tv series.The beginning of the game just doesn't get ya into it until the real action starts.The story has Goerge Martin himself involved in ensuring its as intriguing as usual.The graphics were ok...they kind of have this wierd ""grow on ya"" effect where the initial poor graphics at the start (Including the glitches) seem to fade away.All in all, the environment was done very well and hey.......they gots brothels!!The combat was terrible in my opinion, you'd have to spend half of it paused to get anything done, AI was minimum.I ended up giving up on hard mode and switching to easy mode, just running through the game in beginner armor for style points. (I actually consider this awesome, because their starting gear was the best looking stuff in the game)I made it pretty far without having trouble, with a few difficulty spikes as the exception.It ruins the experience to run through it with hodgepodge armor pieces or varying types.A lot of the classes don't seem balanced properly, judging by the complaints.I recommend playing or watching it for a great story (Even has voices from the tv series) and a decent amount of moral choices to make. I didn't feel they were overall game impacting, but it was fun non the less, on a dragon age genre level.If you are a big fan of the series looking for more story and lore, I recommend it. If you are looking for an awesome in-depth RPG, this probably isn't for you.I'd happily pay $30 bucks for it to help get a sequel out on the market (Non fan biased view probably has ~15 as a proper price)"
,Recommended,208730,19114307,"Posted: 16 November, 2015",all,Corax,"Excellent story, but bad combat system.Give it a try though, if you are a fan of the series, chances are you will like this game."
,Recommended,208730,31719201,Posted: 13 May,all,Krexus,"Worth playing for the story especially so if you are a fan of the show / books. The combat is decent, but takes quite some time to get used to as it is not what u'd expect when you first start playing.Although the camera goes haywire quite often during normal navigation or in combat, if you'd look past those relatively small bugs, its pretty good actually"
,Not Recommended,208730,7968751,"Posted: 8 December, 2013",all,Prince Hal,"Not my favourite game ever but it still has a great storyline, but the gameplay doesnt do the story justice and ultimatly ruins the expeiance.prosamazing storylineFits in well with the World of ice and FireConsA poor, repetetive and outdated combat systemBad voice acting- its truely, truely terrible and isnt even laughably badclunky controls"
,Not Recommended,208730,31387513,Posted: 26 April,all,Iceknight,"The controls are simply terrible, the graphics could be a lot better and even the story - the most (if not the only) enjoyable aspect of the game - is still far from being as good as the books and the series.Every time I see this in my library I regret the money spent."
,Recommended,208730,22963453,"Posted: 13 May, 2016",all,Zombie Lenin,"Yeah it's good old Unreal Engine 3 with its corridors and invisible walls, and the (English) voice acting is really bad.Still a valiant effort from this Euro indie developer, considering the price.The character development and choices/dialoges are very well done."
76561198045051480,Recommended,208730,5100988,"Posted: 15 April, 2013",all,ghostknight,"Not the best gameplay or the graphics, but it has a great story which is rarer than the other two aspects these days."
,Recommended,208730,12467069,"Posted: 12 October, 2014",all,UttermostHam,8/10 Would Swag
,Recommended,208730,4304113,"Posted: 30 December, 2012",all,NDwacky,I dont know why this game got such ♥♥♥♥♥♥ reviews when it was first released.  I love it.  The dialogue is flat in places but the storyline keeps you enticed in the game.  I couldnt stop playing it.  Easily in my top 5 games of 2012.  A must-have for any Game of Thrones fan.  Even those who havent read and like a good rpg game should pick it up.  9/10
,Recommended,208730,24154785,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,Salander7,"Just finished this game yesterday.Cyanide' GOT>>>>>Telltale GOT.Graphics are not awesome, and the way of controlling the characters and the camera are both a bit awkward.However, it's worth to play till you get every achievement. I think the best thing of the game is the whole argument, with all the GoT lore, and despite some people don't like it, I loved the fighting system.Mors ♥♥♥♥s you all"
76561198008111119,Recommended,208730,10035212,"Posted: 6 May, 2014",all,arminw68,"It can't be denied that this game has many flaws...The graphics are dated (they still set the mood very well and succeed in bringing the world to live, though), the camera is a complete disaster, the gameplay is VERY generic and the combat not very varied (partly due to, dictated by the setting, the fact that you almost exclusively fight humans that use no magic...)And still, of all the games that I played around the time I got it (and those include Mass Effect 3 and Diablo 3) this one, despite the worst reviews, I enjoyed the most. By far. Because, simply put, this one didn't care a a bit about the bells and whistles, but it cared about telling a fantastic story. It really cared about the setting, the mood and the lore of the world. It made you immerse into the tale and get to enjoy playing as Alaster and Mors, despite all their vices and failures. And in the end, that's what really counts. No multiplayer, no auction house, but a great story that I can't wait to see unfold. In that, GOT succeeds.Still could live with a better camera, less clunky interface or shinier graphics, though :-)"
,Recommended,208730,30195068,Posted: 26 February,all,Swat,"I must say, I really enjoyed this game after realising I had it in my Library for around 6 Months. Previously, When i bought it, I played it and got bored after Chapter Four or around there and I completely forgot this even existed. This time when i played the story, I could not stop.Pros.-Amazing Story which is a main driving factor for the game.-Well-Done Characters, for example Alester and Mors.-Good Voice Acting.-Well-Thought out Lore and Background.-Good Locations, for example Castle Black and Kings Landing.Cons.-Not the best of Combat Systems, could do with tweaks in certain areas.-The Graphics are personally not Important to me but I feel as if the Graphics are not that good.-Some Glitches with talking where the characters would just stare at eachother, saying nothing.Overall, I think this game deserves a solid 8.5/10, Its story is absolute amazing but Its Combat does pull that down. Then, the ending was what really got me (I won't spoil) but It was well-crafted.EDIT: You will need to Scavenge and take all the loot you can get so that you can actually have the Good Equipment."
76561198029102409,Recommended,208730,29366659,Posted: 19 January,all,godfather,"This criminally underrated game provided about 30 hours of good and memorable fun. The main strength of this game is definitely the story. It is extremely well-written (for a video game), and provides several unexpected twists and plenty of drama and suspense.As for gameplay, its combat system is very similar to that of Dragon Age, which I personally really like. You control one or two characters at a time, and have several skills and attacks to use. Each attack consumes energy (which is the equivalent to mana), so there's quite a bit of strategy involved in finding the most efficient way to kill your enemies. Overall I found the combat very satisfying, and it grew on me as I progressed in the game.Now this is a fairly limited-budget game, so don't expect high production values. The graphics are a little dated and the cities sometimes look empty or uninhabited. The voice acting varies quite a bit, and can range from top-notch to rather poor. There are also some annoying issues with the user interface .For example, when I press ""m"" for a map, I would like to easily go back to the game by pressing ""m"" a second time, but no - the game forces you to use your mouse and click on ""resume"", which is both unnecessary and irritating . Finally, I found movement a little bit of a chore as well - as you have to hold the right mouse button in order to control where your character is looking/walking.Should you buy the game? Well here are some points to help you decide:1. This game is very focused on the story and there is a lot of dialogue. If you find that boring, you will hate this game. Avoid it.2. This game is realistic, in the sense that there's no magic, no special abilities, nothing like this.3. Combat is like in Dragon Age or Star Wars: Knights of the Old Republic. It is point and click, or in other words, you order an attack, and you wait for the character to execute it. It requires more strategy than skill4. This is not an open-world game. There are some side quests, but there's not much exploration to be done. The different cities and locations on the map are not connected. Once again, this is similar to Dragon Age's world, but it's smaller.Other than that, if you like RPGs and the above four points don't bother you, you will probably enjoy this game."
76561197980779172,Recommended,208730,30104860,Posted: 22 February,all,ManJuiceD,"I liked this game! A nice story with some good RPG elements with choices and skilltrees. I also enjoyed the DLC with Mors story on how he became known as ""The Butcher""! You get to see some of the characters from the GoT-series, but this is a standalone story and I like it that way!A nice game worth your time and effort!"
76561198059069181,Recommended,208730,6102637,"Posted: 23 March, 2013",all,Eldanon,"For any fan of the books - you owe it to yourself to play this if you like RPGs. Disregard the bad reviews, the story in this is top-notch."
,Recommended,208730,1099022,"Posted: 5 August, 2013",all,Vaelant,"The game itself isn't that great, the gameplay is awkward at best, trying to imitate Dragon Ages battle system, awfully. The rpg element of the game doesnt really do that much except unlock attacks, most of which you ignore as you found a pretty effective system at level 10. The Warg parts of the game happen a good part of 3 times, and each one is fairly easy to do, once you unlock the takedown skill with the dog you tend to clear out the entire map with the dog before actually doing anything.The only thing it's really good for is being a GoT game, in which case you get to see about 3 characters from the book/show. Wouldn't recommend unless you're a hardcore GoT fan and want as much story as possible."
76561198068715196,Recommended,208730,8113202,"Posted: 18 December, 2013",all,RandallFlagg,"If you like the show or the books you will like the storyline of this game. It has huge twists bloody battles and storyline that runs parallel with season/book one. The controls are horrible the camera is horrible. Voice acting is superb, You eventually get the hang of the controls, but do you like the series enough to get through the bad parts? I think when the game goes on sale again it is worth it for the story alone."
,Recommended,208730,520221,"Posted: 12 July, 2012",all,Julεs,Is it a great game? Nope. But fans of the books especially will love it despite its flaws. Story is great and the combat is very much like Knights of the Old Republic.
,Recommended,208730,18259382,"Posted: 29 September, 2015",all,Salu Digby,More faithful to the books than Season 5
76561197993443417,Recommended,208730,25464821,"Posted: 11 September, 2016",all,[BK] Abdiel,"To be blunt right up front: the combat is♥♥♥♥♥♥ the graphics are dated and the extreme difference in the quality of the voice acting between the few original actors they got (varys for example: brilliant) and most others (mediocre to comically bad) is a bit offsetting. Still: the decisionmaking matters, quests can dynamically succeed or fail in various degrees and the story is actually pretty engaging (even though a bit forced). not sure if i would recommend this for full price but on a decent sale this game is a steal. in doubt: set combat difficulty to easy and play it more like the telltales version!"
,Recommended,208730,7422714,"Posted: 19 October, 2013",all,Eglyntine,"This game was tragically under estimated from the moment it was released. Once you get through the introduction and preface scenes in the beginning of the game you are no longer playing as a character in some game but you feel as if you are transformed into the main characters and you forget that you are playing a video game.Someone obviously♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥in the cornflakes of all of the major game reviewers right before they gave their opinions of this game. It was blantantly obvious they did not play more than 30 minutes of the actual game and the rest of the drivel they wrote came from the pamphlet that was inserted into the box. The little bit of the game they did play, it was quite clear that they were not paying attention to the story being unfolded or the characters they were playing because all they could do was complain about the graphics art not being up to their ""standards"" and how the combat system took actual strategy and forethought in order to win a battle.The story line itself was captivating and full of constant twists and turns. Nothing was as it appeared to be throughout the entire gaming experience and by the time you reach the end you are blown away because NO ONE saw that ending coming. Unlike many rpgs out there that try to create the illusion that you are making the decisions for your character that matter in the world around you, this game actually does make all of your choices have consequences. Sometimes they are immediately revealed and other decisions that you thought were trivial end up drastically changing major plot lines throughout the game. While it is a colossal cliche it applies to this game whole-heartedly, ""I laughed, I cried, it became a part of me.""I highly recommend this game to anyone that deeply enjoys real rpgs and is starving for orginality and complete immersion into the rpgs they play. While this game was not on the same financial budget as say Skyrim, it is a testament to the developers of this game that they spent all of their energy and money into making a quality game that surpasses any of the blockbuster games that have been released in the last couple of years."
,Not Recommended,208730,16327916,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,The Cardinal's Judge,Just plain aweful! Id like to say something nice about it but there really isnt anything good about the game. I went into it with an open mind but after a few minutes i was really put off the game by how bad it really is :s
,Recommended,208730,28959526,Posted: 2 January,all,☠WhiteBeard⚜BlackWolf☠,"It's a good game, between average and good but it sure has it flaws.First of all, it uses a tactical fighting system, it's nothing like The Elder Scroll, Two Worlds, Gothic, Risen, The Witcher, or whatever you want to name.It's kind of similar to Baldur's Gate, but not as good.You'll have to pause the game and use tactics to win the fights.I play on the hardest difficulty and I do have to use tactics a lot, it's still easy but without those tactics, I would probably die too easily.I do not know about easier difficulties since I first started the game on the highest difficulty.At first, I must admit that I've excepted a real time gameplay like Risen or even The Elder Scrolls, but it's nothing like that, I sure was disappointed, but it's good anyway, as long as you like this kind of gameplay.The story is good, nothing like the original but it's good.The animations are horrible though, play the game and see by yourself.In the end, it's nothing revolutionary but it's good if you're a fan of Game of Thrones and tactical RPG with real time pause.7.5/10"
,Recommended,208730,2263820,"Posted: 2 September, 2013",all,Notice me Senpai,"Not the best choice if you are looking for a GOOD RPG (I HATE quest-marks) and the levels are pretty small and linear, but it's an awesome game, given the fact it's based on GoT! Some choices affect the scenario, different ways to solve quests. Great plot and intrigue."
76561198038446529,Recommended,208730,35409391,Posted: 2 October,all,Edward Dagonhands,I really enjoyed this game. At first the uninspired combat and controlls almost made me quit the game but I am glad I didn't. The story really picks up after a few chapters and the ending is really well executed and feels very GOT-sy. If you play games just for gameplay and usually just skip dialogue this game is not for you. On a pure technical view I'd give it a 4/10 but the story and atmosphere made it a 9/10 for me
,Recommended,208730,10796056,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,Skatanic666,"This game got lots of negative critique which I just can't understand. The graphics may be a bit outdated and there is no open world to explore, but it stays very true to the concept of GRRM book series and GoT. The story is amazing and I wasn't invested in a game that much for a long time since every chapter (it is made like the books in a POV style where you skip between characters) ends pretty much with a cliffhanger. The voice acting may not be over the top (especially NPCs except for Varys and Jeor Mormont who are voiced by the actors), but not that bad.The numerous references not only to the HBO show but also the ASoIaF books make it very delightful for fans. However, the story is the main reason why one should play it. It's not the typical RPG story like ""Rescue the World from certain doom"" but rather about personal motivations.The gameplay is a two-edged sword, hate it or love it. I found the slow-motion attack selection very refreshing, the abilities of skin-changing and manipulating fire was also extremly creative."
,Recommended,208730,10465940,"Posted: 13 June, 2014",all,GrassMonkey420,good story
,Recommended,208730,10879389,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,Robairt,"Just started, pretty bad♥♥♥♥♥so far."
,Recommended,208730,11733106,"Posted: 15 August, 2014",all,RewChamploo,"I honestly thought this game was going to be a bust. But it turned out to be the complete opposite. Unlike the HBO series, it follows the tales of two strong men (no peepee shows either) on their journeys. To even out the experience of playing the two, they switch between both main characters every chapter. It get's more exciting as you go along the story, it has PLENTY of epic challenges to offer, and the story and voice acting is just amazing. Even with low graphics, I played a total of 8 hours in my first play. Still not finished, but it got me so wriled up and excited that it exhausted me to sleep. Definately give this tile a look at if you're at least in to the book series by George R.R. Martin. I give tis title a 9 out of 10!"
,Recommended,208730,23908056,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,~animé c'est art~,"Clunky, ugly, and visible budget constraints; yet despite all that it nails the spirit of the books and still manages to deliver a story worth on its own merits."
76561198018614870,Not Recommended,208730,10895074,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,Red Bear,"While the game itself overall is not horrible, calling it ""the game of the decade"" would require a lot of brain damage to the point of not knowing how to breathe.Combat and the game mechanics in general is an extremely cheap Witcher 1/MMO ripoff based sorely on chance hits. It feels like a chore going from point A to B and back while every other step, there's a combat sequence. Every other step, there's some scripted bad guys you have to meet that initiates a combat sequence where you're quite literally thrown into the foray of big armored baddies which gets annoying after a while, especially when you have no health potions or companions. Alternate mechanics include a lot of talking yourself out of trouble and walking down very linear paths to encounter more baddies or an overly long conversation.The graphics quality of the game is a tad dated, in which I have no high standards over, however it will upset some, considereing it's a game that had been released in 2012. But the worst part is the loading time to get the god damn textures in. I swear that they load textures and NPCs only within a 20 meter radius of the player character.I have a Windows 7 64-bit Operating System AMD Athlon(tm) II X2 250 with a 3.00 GHz Processor.My personal system you see, is no spring flower in full bloom, but ♥♥♥♥ me if I can get this game to not lag horrendously when there's more than 8 NPCs about. I have a far easier time loading high-res textures in Skyrim than I do even trying to load a save file. Hell, it takes a good 5-7 minutes just to get the damn game to launch, just enough time for me to make a filling platter of sandwhiches, chips, and a drinks and come back to find the game still trying to launch. It's quite annoying considering once again, a dated design and simplistic mechanics.The very redeeming quality of the game which barely lifts it up from being♥♥♥♥♥♥ is the plot. I'm unfamiliar with the Game of Thrones franchise and I hear the story itself is really interesting, and fortunately, I wasn't dissapointed, in fact quite intrigued. Considering the game's namesake, it is of course, feudal politics, feuding, and intrigue, which all makes a great plot. This was pretty much the only reason why you see that I've played the game for so long, sometimes late into the night. But of course, it's dragged around a lot in between all the running from point A to B and all the combat sessons. It's very, very, VERY long, which in a way considering all the other boring♥♥♥♥♥♥you have to put up with in-game. I guess the real flaw in the story is that it constantly pulls you back and forth between two characters, one character who's timeline is happening in ""the present day"" and the other whose timeline of events occured a couple of months earlier. Obviously, you'll see that the events that these two men go through eventually collide at some point, but that hasn't occured quite yet at my point of the story (which is about 17 hours in), just more evidence on how incruciatingly long the game is. In some way or another, directly or indirectly, choices made by the player influence the future chain of events either immediately or in the long run, which is a very great story mechanic. So in all fairness, the story is the saving grace of this game, but the very annoying combat mechanics, linearity of the story, and an escorting mission finally pushed me over the edge from being annoyed to plain rage inducing fury.Regular retail price is 20 dollars, and I pity any soul who's actually willing to pay that much. Hell, I spent 5 dollars on this game during the 2014 summer sale and I'm still very much questioning if I actually got my money's worth out of it. It makes me a tad depressed how some games that were actually good, both new and old, were on sale for the same price, much less being the same retail price or lower.Overall: 3/10I really do want to give the game writer a hug right now, cause it's obvious s/he's the one who lifted this game from being a flat out 0/10. But that just wasn't enough compared to the ♥♥♥♥♥iness of the gameplay and weirdly rendered graphics overall.In my humble opinion, stick to the books or the television show and hope the plot of this game isn't considered cannon."
76561197987181621,Recommended,208730,7917803,"Posted: 4 December, 2013",all,Jybillkrag,I like it a lot. If you come into it not knowing the books its probably much better and as far as knowing the books or show some die hard people may have a few issues but as a game its both soild interesting and the build up is amazing. Worth playing.  If your not up for buying it here is a link for my playthrough on youtube.http://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PL-WFygiIxVW3j6PtnelYLAmStnsQO7GsN
76561198035158750,Recommended,208730,8128188,"Posted: 19 December, 2013",all,studmuffin,"Totally underrated game imo.you will not get a better story in an RPG than this.it really is amazing.the combat imo is ok and i enjoy it.others dont.one bad thing about this game is the character models.it feels like that side of the game was rushed.but has i say i love the story and that is why i play a crapload of rpg's and have loads in my library.at the time of writing this it is priced at £6.79 and totally worth the money.the intrigue,backstabbing,torture amkes it even better."
,Recommended,208730,8024978,"Posted: 12 December, 2013",all,Squashbuckler,"This is an excelllent game. If you enjoyed the witcher series, you defenitely need to pick this up. I am appalled by the negative reviews. This is a story and an experience. One of the strongest stories I have ever experienced in a game, It truly kept me coming back for more. I didnt know anything about the game of thrones before this game, and ended up buying all the seasons after. The texture quality is high, the voice acting is superb, the gameplay is decent(identical to dragon age). It is truly an injustice this game has a 58. I would suggest the negative reviewers are not avid readers, or have the patience to engage in thoughtful RPG's. Not a game for impatient people who skip cutscenes."
76561198010609142,Recommended,208730,8901297,"Posted: 29 January, 2014",all,Petrophysix,"This game has received poor reviews from the online community as a whole but I thoroughly enjoyed it.I can see some negativity coming from a bit of lacking in playable characters and class selection but I've still found a way to start my second playthrough and still enjoy the detail and the slow motion ""pause"" during combat."
76561197985072747,Recommended,208730,1040159,"Posted: 9 September, 2012",all,FantasyFreak_UK,"Adds another tale to the GoT universe, and fits in well with the series. The game has quite a bit of story telling and isn't all action. A few clever/fun gameplay mechanics have also been included too. Rotating between two distinct characters that interlink stays true to the GoT series and books,"
,Recommended,208730,25733978,"Posted: 27 September, 2016",all,will824,"Just played this game for 3 continous days, barely sleeping. Damn this game was really good..."
76561198009902056,Recommended,208730,10707456,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,Wilk,"In my opinion this was a good game, i will admit at first it is a bit strange with the combat system and how the game changes from each story line.  However all i can say is stick with the story line and it will all make sense and in the end was a great campaign story. I picked it up for £3.74 on the summer sale and for that price and if you like game of thrones its a no brainer."
76561197990686216,Recommended,208730,10538341,"Posted: 19 June, 2014",all,lemurs2,"I am unsure about the hatred for this game; it is a well written RPG that is closest to Knight of the Old Republic, Dragon Age or Neverwinter Nights 2. The combat system is semi turn based and fun, the story fairly well written and the quests are probably the most original since Baldurs Gate 2.The graphics are Witcher 1 quality so they are not great but they are not horrible either.Probably the number reason i hear from consumers or reviewers that this game sucks is the 'aweful voice acting'. That scared me as i like good voice acting. After playing this i find the voice acting to be average, i have heard better and worse. Honestly this may have better voice acting than Dragon Age 1.It almost seemed like both consumers and reviewers did not want to like this game, I say try it as long as you are not an action RPGer."
,Recommended,208730,16608620,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,𝒩𝐼𝐼𝓀𝓊𝓇𝒶,"Rusty gameplay, outdated graphics but the story is dope !"
,Recommended,208730,8907375,"Posted: 29 January, 2014",all,Jean-Arnhem,"Considering how overwhelmingly negative the reviews for this game are, I couldn't believe how good the story is. The voice acting is good, the storyline is heartwrenchingly befitting the series, and even the combat system (which every reviewer lambasts as awful) is really only mediocre. It's a lot of repeating the same fighter combos, but loads of games do that. If it's on sale, and you're in need of something to do between episodes of the show being aired, this is definitely worth the time and money."
,Recommended,208730,33656100,Posted: 19 July,all,Valantium,"[windows 10, 64 bit,i5]I  played through as a Hedge Knight and Archer completed in 2 days was fun and I like the story bits first time through (pity there is no escape in some chat bit thought especially if killed when curtain blocks view and you restart)Going through now as Landed Knight and water dancer see if I can pick up missed bits.Occasional freezes but a threat with task manager unfreezes it quick enough .It was over quicker than I expected but it was relaxing after some other games that can really stress you out .JUst like the RR Martin books ( only found out 3 weeks ago that Game of Thrones films was the same as (with less detail ) as the books I enjoyed.They need to do Wheel of Time next"
,Recommended,208730,7782834,"Posted: 27 November, 2013",all,Madras,"One of the best plots in the video games history with a lot of twists. Characters are deep and their background has a lot of impact on actions they take. Unfortunately, gameplay is quite average at best and graphics are a bit outdated. Still I recommend it to all Game of Thrones fans and RPG fans simply because of amazing storyline.I've completed the game outside Steam and bought it again on Steam just for the DLC (which sadly is much worse than the base game) - that's why it shows that I played for just two hours."
76561198008896731,Not Recommended,208730,2533493,"Posted: 8 September, 2013",all,Buddy Thunderstruck,"I have to say, this game is all in all, pretty bad.  Everything about the gameplay is so terrible that I personally never found any enjoyability in the story.  You make vague choices on occation but ultimately they make no difference in how your tale turns out.  Clunky gameplay, (near) turnbased combat. bad animations to go with sub par voice acting, honestly this would have been a mediocre game 15 years ago."
76561198155311523,Recommended,208730,12489974,"Posted: 14 October, 2014",all,Berserk,"Game of Thrones The Role Playing GameREVIEW FROM LIGHT RPG PLAYERStoryThe story is of 2 main characters that are both playable. Mors Westford a sworn brother of the night's watch who has been a member for 15 years and at the beginning is hunting down deserters of the night's watch. Alester Sarwyck a red priest who dissapeared 15 years ago and has returned to his home town of Riverspring to find it in its worst state poverty, riots and his ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ brother Valaar is set to marry his sister and become lord of Riverspring. About half way through the game these 2 characters meet up and together thwart the plot that threatens the kingdom and exact vengeance apon those who have made them suffer.GameplayThe combat is a tactical RPG (like dragon age) that has energy involved when you run out of energy you have to wait for it to recharge or use a potion so you can use your special attacks again. It is a very simple combat system to learn but hours to master it is fun and a different take on combat like The Witcher series for example. However towards the end of the game the combat becomes both frustrating and difficult to pull through a fight I played this on the easiest difficulty and I found it difficult till the very end.GraphicsYou normally won't see a graphics section on my reviews but I have to mention it for this game the graphics are awful if you have bought a really good computer to run a really graphically enhanced game like Battlefield 4 don't get this game the graphics really are awful and there should be no excuse for a 7 year project which is what this game was. An example of how bad they are is that most characters will fold their arms this completely ruins the immersion as one arm is inside of the other it looks terrible so again if graphics are your thing don't get this game.Open WorldNow technically this game has an open world however it is in sections like in Assassins Creed however if you are a huge fan of the show like myself then you will love the locations in this game they look almost exactly like they do on the show. An example of this is The Throne Room when you enter you can see all the pillars that are in the show and of course The Iron Throne it really is the best we can get in a video game until we play the telltale version of this world.Voice ActingIn this game the voice acting is not AAA it is ok the majority of characters you meet have average voice acting but with it being a Game of Thrones game the voice talents of Lena Headey, James Cosmo and Conleth Hill are used with the charcters Cersei Lannister, Joer Mormont and Lord Varys these actors and Lena Headey had an interest in the game and they provided their voice work which is really good it's great to see how devoted they are to the show and the fan base. But now onto Mors and Alester's voices at the beginning Mors sound like a british Batman which is quite hilarious however as you play more you get used to it. Alester is at best above average voice acting which is fine for a main character.Final VerdictI will be honest if this RPG was not called Game of Thrones I never would have played it however this game has one of the best stories in gaming and should be played for that, the combat is good, the graphics are awful, the locations are great and the voice acting is ok.Game of Thrones The Role Playing Game8/10Would spend £3.74 again!"
,Recommended,208730,9640455,"Posted: 26 March, 2014",all,I am lonely send help,"It's no skyrim, and it is way over priced, but hey it's Game of thones."
,Recommended,208730,13744648,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,Sun Ce,"The combat system is neither real-time nor turn-based: you slow down the game (semi-pause) to issue commands to your fighters. Special abilities can be synergic, and that synergy also applies to abilities of another fighter (i.e. your first character's ability can enhance your second character's ability, apart from his own). The decisions you make alter the outcomes (and the endings) of the game, and each of the two characters can play three different classes each, so there is replayability value.If you likeDragon Age: OriginsandA Song of Ice and Fire/Game of Thrones, you will like this game."
76561198095249621,Recommended,208730,12644854,"Posted: 26 October, 2014",all,axiom1974,Am under-appreciated game with an immersive story.  Well worth the time and money.
76561198057954346,Not Recommended,208730,12122480,"Posted: 16 September, 2014",all,Kyrie,"This game only works for me, until after the introduction.  When the character selection comes up, all I get is a broken model of a man.  I can't figure out how to fix it, therefore I cannot  recommend this game to anyone..."
,Recommended,208730,23950626,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,EazyLee,"Had this on Xbox 360 and decided to buy it on pc while its on sale.Good enough game for game of thrones fans, once you get used to the camera and the combat you'll be having fun and enjoying the story.The DLC however, i'd like to know who selected the voice actors for the wildlings because they all sound southern, its taking the authentic ice and fire feel away from the game for me, but this is my only gripe."
,Not Recommended,208730,9792683,"Posted: 11 April, 2014",all,Kaito Bruche'Daine,"I own more than three hundred games, almost a third of which are on steam. This game provided me more problems than all of them combined save one. The only game to provide me more technical problems than this one is Game of Thrones: Genesis. The game has a long, long line of technical problems that have not been fixed in a good long while.Yet.. Eventually one may manage to get past all of the problems. And when you do...The game is sorely lacking as far as an RPG goes. Now it is reasonably faithful to the flavor set forth by the HBO series I shall quite well agree. But lacks for the fandom in a great many ways. Forget joining and playing with your favorite house. Forget hoping in and making a character of your own design that you can be proud of. Forget being able to experience the world at your own pace. You can however expect to be ping ponged back and forth between two very static storylines that you almost can't control at all in many places.There were some times when I deliberately tried to play the character in a way to try to deliberately fail as hard as I could. I got a few rude remarks yet the scene and story played out the same as if I played with white-knight syndrome. Losing a fight is fairly difficult and they pretty much fight themselves without much player input required.While I am sure any game of thrones fan will want this no matter what I say, in the end it felt more like an ""almost"" interactive movie and less like an RPG.Only a couple hours in and the game is already half done. At this rate the total gameplay till completion will be 10-12 hours."
,Not Recommended,208730,17917544,"Posted: 6 September, 2015",all,Blackshard,"Greatly disappointed. Gameplay is terrible. Story is mediocre. Graphics are well below par at many points. If other reviews are to be believed, and there is something good coming, it's a long painful slog through incredibly boring and stilted game mechanics. Get it only if you can't get enough of the soundtrack and have a few extra dollars to burn."
,Not Recommended,208730,11471882,"Posted: 29 July, 2014",all,maestroeduardo,THis sucks and tech support isnt helpful and steam is.... i have nothing nice to say. i want my $20 back
76561197961478343,Not Recommended,208730,17955442,"Posted: 9 September, 2015",all,Snooze00,"It took me 21 minutes to make the decission to uninstall this pile of POO. Holy crap how can any decent human being recomend this garbage. The graphics♥♥♥♥♥♥the voice acting♥♥♥♥♥♥the animation and character movement♥♥♥♥♥♥and after playing a game like the witcher, its just impossable to sit through this insult to everything i love in games. You stupid bloody dumbasses. YOU HAVE BEEN WARNED."
76561197993894767,Not Recommended,208730,17951236,"Posted: 8 September, 2015",all,TrouserChili,The worst UI and combat of any game I have ever played. Decided to stop playing and just watch the story on YouTube.
76561198082427208,Not Recommended,208730,20459633,"Posted: 10 January, 2016",all,Sakaiden,"I'll preface this by saying that I really like the Game of Thrones series, so it's not about disliking the content or anything (what little of it I saw in this game). I bought the other game made by Telltale, and liked it well enough. And so, encouraged by the positive reviews I read, I thought maybe this one would be interesting.I really, REALLY wanted to like this title, but sadly I couldn't play it long enough to draw conclusions about the game content itself; due to all the issues that started popping up. Of course I wish I could have played further into the game before posting a review, but no sale. It's terrible. My computer isn't exactly perfect but it isn't the worst either. I can play Skyrim and Bioshock Infinite on it without a problem. Yet somehow the cinematics on this game had characters that looked like floating sets of clothing with teeth, eyeballs, and discolored blotches like a toddler got loose with the crayons and doodled all over a world map. And whenever it wasn't bugging out, the graphics were shoddy at best, with a handful of textures that looked moderately adequate.The battle system glitched out to high hell also. I was left sittin' there like a lemon, unable to move, with no status ailments that I was aware of, with full energy, then I noticed...I AM moving, but... at a pace that makes glaciers look like Turbo. Oh, joy.Good thing I bought it on sale. I'm going to give it another try sometime for the sake of saying I gave it a fair shake, but I'm not holding my breath. What a let-down."
,Not Recommended,208730,10650099,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,TJ  ツ,Complicated gameplay
,Not Recommended,208730,11515635,"Posted: 1 August, 2014",all,Kalthramis,"Just no. Bad story, bad voice acting, bad controls, and incredibly ugly for it's age. Just no."
,Recommended,208730,12294491,"Posted: 29 September, 2014",all,Zunami,"Personal rating: 6/10Replayability: MediumBudget: A fan of the ASOIAF universe should buy this, other RPG fans; only if on sale.Lenght: A couple of days at least.While this game is initially good looking, with an interesting somewhat original character creation, the game feels like it was ported from a console. Controls are incredibly poor to me, the game was basically just a long headache. The story and dialogue, as with most telltale games, was quite good, but sadly I cannot truly say that this game was a success.As an ASOIAF fan, I also didn't quite feel like the game was a necessary expansion into the universe. Let me put it this way: I don't regret getting it, but now that I've tried it, I realize I could have done without it.Watch a let's play before getting this to make sure you can stand the controls. I mean really, research this title as for some people it will be unbearable to play."
76561197971663658,Not Recommended,208730,17878500,"Posted: 4 September, 2015",all,alkemmy,"Like all other ""tie in"" games I've ever played, this suffers from being a rushed budget effort, borrowing much from other games, presenting nothing new of its own (it's built on UnrealEngine3, like many, many other almost identical games).  The release in 2012 would imply a better package of graphics and combat smoothness than we get here, both these elements are around 4 years behind the times (as you'd only expect with UE3-made titles).  For comparative purposes, this should be viewed as a peer of games like Gothic 4, Witcher 1 (also built on UE3) and Risen 1, they have a lot of dubious qualities in common, such as slow, affected dialogue to expand apparent game time, NPCs drawn from a limited stock of character skins, and more.  You can get through it by plodding carefully and muzzing through early quests and objectives which are just a bit dull, like chores, and winning valueless ""achievements"" which you'd get by playing the game normally anyway.  The combat can be clumsy and frustrating unless you painstakingly control every single blow, but this becomes a nonsense when selected team-mates can't reach selected targets due to obstruction by other team-mates and overcrowding.  This just smacks of an ill-considered game, where certain shortcomings weren't ironed out during beta testing -- if indeed it was ever beta tested.Some characters are made to look like the actors in the TV series, and like-soiunding voices are used, but that's where the similarities end -- on the voice subject, you'll quickly realise the dialogue was recorded at many different sessions, and not sequentially, making it sound like bits cut out of radio pla\ys and pasted in, with mis-matched environmental reverb and rather disgruntling emphasis-flow.  Plotlines have little bearing on either the books or the TV series, its just an adventure game set in the Westeros world; this will either disappoint you or delight you, depending on how you see these things.  We must remember this is a game, and games have a very different set of rules, especially RPGs, where options are granted and choices can be made -- often not the choices we're pushed into making, or the choices made on TV.  I just think it's a cheap shot at a tie-in, with below par graphics and a very ""generic"" feel to it (there we go, UE3 again).  Even in 2012, the industry could have turned out something much better, and certainly the ""franchise"" as it has become, deserves only the best.  Experienced gamers will quickly feel they've played this game before, those new to the genre will no doubt be awed by the next title you play, which will seem so much better."
76561197970733624,Not Recommended,208730,19402110,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,Stimpy,"I bought it on sale, partially due to several satisfied reviews.If you must have all things Game of Thones, then you probably already have this, or will get it anyhow.But if you just enjoy games, especially well made ones... stay away.Its poorly designed, a very simple game, that basically has you play several characters, in a disjointed way, and it feels like they try to tell the stories of your characters similar to GoT style... but it just seems shallow and pointless.If you can have with the game, props to you. But its not for me."
,Recommended,208730,14602478,"Posted: 22 February, 2015",all,Tyrranus,"Talking.  Talking.  Talking.  More talking.  Great for someone who wants a story.  I want an RPG where I play a game.  I don't want to listen to 10 minutes of conversation and then fight for 1 minute, then run around and listen to 10 more minutes of conversation.Lesson: never click on an NPC who might talk to you.  You'll be stuck for 10 MORE minutes.  All of the reviewers with 20+ hours in this game?  Clicked on an NPC.10/10 would listen to more talking again."
76561197997924363,Recommended,208730,14716847,"Posted: 1 March, 2015",all,Discalceate,"Mechanically, yes the game has issues, from last generation map structure, some seemingly broken quests and a bit of a cackhanded targetting system, but bloody hell the story.This could fit right into the main novel and be considered intrecal. With plenty of intregue and ""Holy sh*t did that just happen"" moments anyone who is a fan of the novels should obtain this at their earliest convenience."
,Not Recommended,208730,15289538,"Posted: 10 April, 2015",all,Teutoniclord,"Regardless of what you do your an ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ and a♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥in all outcomes and if you make it far enough, you find out that you were secretly already a♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥before the game started."
,Not Recommended,208730,24254412,"Posted: 11 July, 2016",all,bendparker,"I really wanted to like this game.  But very limited player customization, uninspired combat and the horrible controls ruined it for me shortly after I started. I just pretend Skyrim is in the GoT universe."
,Recommended,208730,34895357,Posted: 11 September,all,Vormancer,"CatagoriesRankingSummeryValue$7.49Well I've got to say for a game I got for less than $8 I'm fairly impressed with it so farGameplay7 starsGame play isnt perfect by any means and it has room for improvements but its not so bad that I feel the need to attack Cyanide Studios for some reason or another.Story9 starsI admit here and now I'm not what you would call a fan of the GoT series really. I tried to follow and care but in the end I sat there trying to predict the deaths, and Oooing and Ahing at the shear brutality of the show but the story telling wasn’t all that interesting and I hope that the books are better. Honestly I know I shouldn’t judge the series by the show but I hope the books are better. This story on the other hand I find pretty damn good I like how you bounce between your characters the way you would in a book and the story is just compelling enough that I groan when I have too switch over but then getting rather amused by the position Im stuck in in the next little ""Chapter"" that’s a job well done.Social SystemN/ASingle PlayerCommunityN/ASingle PlayerGraphics5 starsThis is the part that rankles, and rubs my fur the wrong way. The graphics while good (at times) are buggy you get graphical glitches here and there which drives me nuts and that camera…. UGH If I knew who designed it I'd find some way to show my displeasure in true GoT fashion lets say. The camera catches on corners, boxes, specks of dust floating in the non-existant wind, and skips around you while you try to run through the narrow streets and corridors. One minute your hot on the heals of a guy sprinting through the market of Fleabottom next I'm trying to count the hairs up my characters nose… drives me mad. I'm so gunna need to figure out a way to fix that I'm thinking.Ease of Learning8 starsIt has some fairly decent tutorials for learning the game so I cant really complain too much.Playable Classes6 ClassesNow don’t get me wrong I wish there were more options but given what there is to work with I cant really complain much. It's very melee centric which makes some sense but the sheer number of weapon style options can be a bit taxing I mean seriously Swords, maces, axes, hammers, pole arms, one handers, two handers, bows, crossbows, blunted, slashing, puncturing… I think I forgot one or two options in there but I cant seem to remember. From what I've been able to sort out pick one or 2 things and just stick with it. Thinking and preping beyond that seems to be a fools errand.Combat Style4 starsSorry, I like a more active style of combat rather than this slowing things down, selecting 3 moves and hoping you have enough stamina to do what you want, moving back to real time, watching the combo go off, then cycle rinse repeat until everything's dead. Though the occasional special kills are cool and feel kinda rewarding at timesSoundtrack6 starsIt's by not means as nice as what you get in the show, but then this is Cyanide studios….. Not HBO with millions upon millions to throw into production.Final Thoughts:It's not nearly as bad as the reviews I've seen have made it out to be by any means apart from the graphical glitches (which I am dying for a patch fix for) it’s a decent game even if it's not Elder Scrolls-esk in it's combat style I can forgive it. For these being non canon side adventures I have to say I hope the books are this good, if not better. I suppose I'll have to look into picking up some copies soon…"
76561198035268098,Not Recommended,208730,9747391,"Posted: 6 April, 2014",all,SatisfiedShark,"Game of Thrones: The Role Playing Game, is, by far, the WORST game I have ever had the misfortune of playing. The story was bland and predictable, there were no big plot twists that fans have come to expect from the Game of Thrones series of books and the combat was complicated, frustrating, and quickly became repetitive. I will give the game credit for being bold enough to try a new type of gameplay, however, it was perhapse to0 bold. The game becomes unplayable when its graphics are turned up past the default; while it doesn't cause lag, it causes characters and objects to look like swiss cheese, with polygons missing from the model, allowing you to see through it. In finalaty, I would give this game a 1/10. I only give it a 1 because it was actually able to run."
76561198052983021,Not Recommended,208730,8050833,"Posted: 14 December, 2013",all,jvgocavs_2000,"Generic, no character identification which seems crazy given the subject matter of the books.  really bland.  much better out their, from elder scrolls to gothic or even two worlds is much better RPG than this."
,Not Recommended,208730,9006228,"Posted: 7 February, 2014",all,Gring,The Game could have Been alot Better!
76561198036652709,Not Recommended,208730,8195695,"Posted: 22 December, 2013",all,BonJick,this games the♥♥♥♥♥♥♥of the earth....
76561198007032319,Not Recommended,208730,34822186,Posted: 8 September,all,FatGuy,"Game failed to start, tried a nunber of fixes - claimed a refund. Don't buy unless the game is sorted for Windows 10"
,Recommended,208730,12441751,"Posted: 10 October, 2014",all,Fivestar,"It's a pretty fun game, worth playing if you're a fan. The biggest problem is probably the voice acting, Awful stuff."
76561197961387224,Recommended,208730,10108009,"Posted: 14 May, 2014",all,YoMo | Cuntgrease,"Considering the amount of bad reviews, I have decided to write my own.First I must say I am a big fan of the series so I am slightly biased.Secondly I have played many good RPGs and I consider this one of them.In the first playthrough I still had to get used to the gameplay, but now on my second playthrough I finally understand mechanics thoroughly and have no more issues or nuisance with the gameplay at all. In fact I feel thorougly immersed into the story and wouldn't want it any other way. The only thing I miss is mods and a steam workshop.Some people who haven't read the books or watched the series yet are afraid of spoilers, but I can say with confidence there are no spoilers if you've seen the first season.Don't feel discouraged, don't listen to the haters who have been fed the cookie-cut blockbusters their whole life, this game is awesome!"
76561198028462648,Recommended,208730,9946977,"Posted: 26 April, 2014",all,BexcWexc,"I liked it, wasn't great, but it did keep me playing right until the end."
,Recommended,208730,10954331,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,Superior,"One of the better RPG games I have played. Featuring 2 main characters who shared a past together and will once again meet each other in a story about vengeance, betrayal and much more."
76561198054376325,Recommended,208730,11251479,"Posted: 15 July, 2014",all,Superbone,Not that bad especially if you have a controller and the story is nice but the combat could have been better
,Recommended,208730,8187966,"Posted: 21 December, 2013",all,Paheej,"Enthrallingstoryline written by George R.R. Martin,multipleendings,superbvoice acting,excellentdifficulty level, sufficient graphics, decent music, and here’s the big one:dog stealth action– these aspects make Game of Thrones a top five RPG of all time in my book.  It leaves a little to be desired in graphics and music but makes up for it with arguably the best storyline this side of Fallout with gripping characters, fantastic gameplay, multiple ways to play, and just overall a solid experience.  Play with an Xbox gamepad to get the most of out of the game but it really is an underrated gem."
76561198058640073,Recommended,208730,9158927,"Posted: 17 February, 2014",all,[TDBH] Marquis,"I loved this great story the difficulty was satisfying, I enjoyed how both characters had their own conflicts and brought them together to find out a plot twisting ending"
,Not Recommended,208730,30839823,Posted: 30 March,all,swamp_roo™,"I don't remember when I bought it but I remember I copped it on sale because I saw an influx of people stating it wasn't that bad. I saw it in my library and figured I'd just give it a go.The combat is in the same KOTOR style as Of Orcs and Men but not as cumbersome. It works well enough for me. I wouldn't say it's enjoyable but it works fine. Well enough for me to experience the story.Low FOV easily changeable although I would have preferred to play the game top down.The main reason I'm not recommending the game is that it has insane stutter when I turn the camera either with controller or mouse. I spent about an hour trying various fixes that didn't work until I came across a thread on their forums where they basically said ""We're unable to replicate the issues so we're not fixing it."""
76561198071667112,Recommended,208730,20777053,"Posted: 26 January, 2016",all,Dragonborntim,Family is Hope: Protect it Always
,Not Recommended,208730,7772116,"Posted: 26 November, 2013",all,Pizza Time,"If you're viewing this, you might be an enthusiast of the popular HBO television series based on the ""Song of Ice and Fire"" books by George R. R. Martin. So, this of course must be the perfect game for you.Ooooh, you'd be dead wrong.The combat is repetitive and the story is quite linear from what I've seen so far.There is also a stupid system where you must have weaknesses for your character, such as athsma or being a psycopath."
,Not Recommended,208730,7104096,"Posted: 27 August, 2013",all,Dorgarr,"""When you play the Game of Thrones, you Win or you Die"" effectively describes how linear this game really is.Also, Why wasn't this called ""A Game of: A Game of Thrones""?...Pretty sure there's a programmer out there who had to take on the Black for that oversight."
,Recommended,208730,11013673,"Posted: 1 July, 2014",all,ChickenChomp,This game got boring as sh!t in a matter of 10 seconds (10 seconds after I sh!t myself)Then I went to the brothel.No seriously this game was boring the first few hours and got interesting as f(u)ck. Play it.
,Recommended,208730,14347338,"Posted: 5 February, 2015",all,:S!3K,"I'm not sure why this game gets such a low score (58). Just for the epic story alone I'd give it at least a 70. Yeah, the fighting is a little weak, the controls aren't very intuitive, but the game is still worth playing because like I mentioned above.... the story is awesome. I finished it in just over 20hrs."
,Not Recommended,208730,29402200,Posted: 21 January,all,Aria Theo,"While this game has little nuggets of good spread throughout, the game is hobbled by dated graphics and miserable controls. For a franchise famed for drama, surprisingly little happens until the second half of the game. On the flip side, if you can push through the bad controls and be patient for the first dozen or so hours, the story actually gets quite good."
,Recommended,208730,10996213,"Posted: 1 July, 2014",all,Michael M.,"This game is good for one, maybe two play throughs. That having been said it's a solid RPG that will appeal much more to fans of A Song and Ice & Fire than anyone else, and that's fine. The gameplay is decent, but the story is what will keep you hooked right up until the very end. Oh, and you get to see GRR make a cameo in-game as a maester. That alone was worth the price."
76561198111387435,Not Recommended,208730,25472898,"Posted: 11 September, 2016",all,Araminis,"I am going to try to get back into this game later, but for now the combat controls killed it for me and I have many other games to play that do not feel so tedious. Story is good so far, but the combat is painful."
,Recommended,208730,14961046,"Posted: 19 March, 2015",all,Micki Ninaj,"Surprisingly it's not as bad as people make it out to be but I do understand what people mean when they mock certain features of this game. I also do agree the price is a bit high but it does include DLC so at least when it goes on sale I highly recommend grabbing it (as I did).There are some generally fine features in the game such as the actual RPG elements (you even get the feel your choices matter), the story is interesting and gives that whole Game of Thrones vibe many seek from this game (also I think even people who have not read any books or watch the series can play and enjoy this) and voice acting is overall very good but some characters do seem to suffer from the monotone book reader syndrome. What comes to graphics they're pretty decent but just like any good features mentioned above they do lose to many other games if you start to compare.I also do think some of the features are quite unique such as your characters special skills (hard to explain but you can use a dog for tracking for example). I haven't completed the game and I'm writing this review after 3 hours (2 chapters) so I'm not sure what to say to the claims on the game being too short but I personally like how you switch between main characters every now and then.Now like said, I also do understand why some people don't like the game much: it's whole battle system is quite flawed and very tedious especially for the veteran players who can compared it to better systems. It's mediocre and typical skill system (minus the mentioned special skills) doesn't seem to help the situation much either. You do get a lot of choice in weapon types but it can be more confusing than fun as many weapons are not labeled as they should be (this is merely my personal opinion). I also think how you select your attacks in battle feel very much like if you're playing a online flash game of sorts and that cheapens it a lot. I can tell they did try think out of the box but instead of getting out of the box they just jumped into anothert one.But like mentioned above, I do recommend this game (especially for GoT fans and others who love a good story) if you can grab it from a sale because while many including myself enjoy the game... it IS very mediocre in this sea of modern RPG games you can pick from and the chance you can't overcome it's tedious system is quite high."
,Not Recommended,208730,30504926,Posted: 14 March,all,a001,"Good story, but everything else is meh.Only buy this game if you are a really big fan of GoT, and only when it's on sale for 75% or more."
76561198004621118,Recommended,208730,12617408,"Posted: 24 October, 2014",all,Phaiden,Very fun game. I did not think I would like based off of a couple YouTube videos. It looks like most people can beat within a 26 hour timeframe.
,Recommended,208730,29900269,Posted: 13 February,all,CrystuL,Love this game!!!!!!!!!!!
76561198109699463,Recommended,208730,14050971,"Posted: 18 January, 2015",all,Aldor,"It's difficult to say anything positive about the gameplay; the combat is too automated and sluggish, the movement isn't very responsive and the fact your character is slightly off-center and to the left of your screen I found to be disorientating and at times even nauseating.The only redeeming factor about this game is the storyline, which admittedly at first I felt was a bit weak but after forcing myself to continue playing I found I was more and more engaged in the plot to a point where I couldn't turn the game off.Gameplay: 4/10Storyline: 10/10"
,Recommended,208730,11300581,"Posted: 18 July, 2014",all,anky,No this♥♥♥♥♥♥is stupid.
,Recommended,208730,15254906,"Posted: 7 April, 2015",all,Latrine Terroriste,"A gritty double-edged storytelling, worthy of the Game of Thrones name.Do not be deceived by the gameplay and graphics, ice and darkness! they are horrible and dated. But if you can go through the first 10 hours of the game, you will want to finish the game. because YES this is a fantastic narrative and you will reap your rewards in the end.You will need a dose of patience, this game filters off casual players, it has terrible gameplay mechanics and expensive high end weapons, the levelling does not help either. The lighting in the game is too dark for my taste and and if you use a controller like me the minimap disappear!! The interface can be frustrating with its dial-select options. But you will forget about all that as you progress in the game. It has some moments, dark humour, tragedies and satisfactory voice-acted dialogues (I must warn you, there are a lots of cutscenes).The game bears similarities to the moral choices pioneered by Starwars KOTOR as well as the pauseable combats. I enjoyed the story immensely, you will appreciate this more if you watched at least the first season of the HBO TV series. my final verdict, give this game a chance, you might like it as I did."
,Recommended,208730,14451029,"Posted: 13 February, 2015",all,[WOTN] Wiken,"It's okay, but very short. Took me less than a day to finish."
,Recommended,208730,13462196,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,Roudrac,"The video game industry has received a great deal of attention from the Game of Thrones fans recently with the release of the Telltale's Game of Thrones game. It was the opportunity for me to test another video game based on the tv series/books. This one, developed by Cyanide, was released in 2012. Here's my review:(See rating at the end of the review)____________________________GAMEPLAY: Game of Thrones is a very classic RPG in terms of gameplay. It's a third person action game, which reminded me the Star Wars: Knights of the Old Republic series. The offensive and defensive options are divided between melee attacks, magic powers and potions. Magic skills and sword attacks must be combined to be efficient, which forces the player to stay active during the fighting parts. In addition, it is important to use your companions as often as you can. In order to make this easier, it is possible to use an ""active pause system"", which on the one hand makes fights more tactical but on the other hand slows them down. So nothing new in terms of gameplay, but it works.VISUALS, MUSIC & ATMOSPHERE: On this aspect, this could be way better. Cheap graphics and poor voice acting (except for some of the main characters) kinda ruin it. In a way, the game is close to the world of the books but it doesn't really recreate all its beauty. And it becomes quite annoying because the game is not focused on fighting but on the story of Westeros and its background. The soundtrack and some of the artwork are from the tv series.STORY: This is the good aspect of the game. The story, which happens just before the death of Robert Baratheon, is fictional but totally fitting with the books. It is full of choking deaths, revelations and secrets, but also clear of manichaeism - in others terms, the good characteristics of the books. There are many twists until the ending scene, which serves as a narrative climax. The story is really the key point of the game, and while it is well written, the huge amount of dialogs could be disappointing for some players.LENGTH: Quite good. It probably takes between 14/16 hours to finish the game without hurrying youself, which is neiter too short nor too long. You can probably add 5 hours if you want to complete all the extra quests.____________________________Gameplay3/6Visuals, music and atmosphere2/6Story5/6Length2/2--Global Rating12/20Even if the game stays true to the books, it is limited by low production means and a lack of originality. The game is still entertaining but doesn't match the books's quality."
,Recommended,208730,15371920,"Posted: 15 April, 2015",all,Jibba,"So it took me a while to give this game a go, mostly because of the amount of negative reviews i had read online, but wanting to get more of the world of Westeros and I finally downloaded this. Turns out this game isn't half as bad as it was made out to be. The combat system reminds me of KOTOR which might be why some people where throne off. The story line gives more depth to the first season of GOT and it feels like it was made for the fans instead of the consumer market. If you like GOT you are going to enjoy this game."
,Recommended,208730,12611230,"Posted: 24 October, 2014",all,Van Nostrand wp,"Great freaking game for anyone that has read the books! The story feels like it's straight out of one of them. I loved that it's a part of the game the fact that you switch ""chapters"" every now and then, switching your viewpoint from one character to the other."
,Recommended,208730,18899129,"Posted: 5 November, 2015",all,Holly King,"One of the best Telltale has ever made.  Certain choices actually matter to the conclusion, which is a nice change of pace.  Some of the performances by actual cast members are flat, but some of them are too good (Ramsey Bolton).  Great way to spend some time if you're a fan of Telltale games in general or Game of Thrones in particular."
,Not Recommended,208730,17902422,"Posted: 5 September, 2015",all,Skenderbeu,boring.. please dont make games again
76561198029959851,Recommended,208730,3968905,"Posted: 5 July, 2012",all,unseen_83,highly reccomend to people who read novel but not finish reading it but watch all season Game of Throne !
76561198077371294,Recommended,208730,14852771,"Posted: 12 March, 2015",all,SSgt. Novak [29ID],"Just finished the game and DLC as well.I do not spend my time reviewing games at all - but not in this case. Coz THIS deserves it.Awesome. Magnificent. The storyline deserves to become a plot of a separate movie with Hollywood actors. it's impossible to predict the final, when it's finally up-you should be really startled by that. Game correctly uses the book intrigue line - do not trust anyone. Even yourself.I am gonna post neither cons nor pros of gameplay, list of bugs or any other stuff. Senseless. Plot beats everything. Tragedy of human life can't be shown more obviously.11/10. Still thinkin' to start it again."
,Recommended,208730,14040063,"Posted: 17 January, 2015",all,LuckyStar,"Quite solid game based on well known franchise. Good characters, interesting plot, pretty dialogs, etc.Game can be a little linear, and people who loves open-world would be scared. But it's ok. Game is good well made story as much interesting as original.Well, ofc, you love unnecessary violence, and some feudal intrigues.Довольно крепкая игра, основанная на широко известной франшизе. Хорошие персонажи, интересный сюжет, неплохие диалоги, и т.д.. Игра может показаться несколько линейной, и людям, которым нравится песочницы, могут испугаться этого.  Но это не плохо. Игра хорошо собранная камерная история, настолько же интересная, как и оригинал.Ну, конечно же, если вам нравится неоправданное насилие и всякие там феодальные интриги."
76561197998177676,Recommended,208730,12208227,"Posted: 23 September, 2014",all,Hassat Hunter,"I've heard many bad tales about this game... horror stories how bad it is. How you had to avoid it.I didn't care; and played it anyway... and I am so glad that I did. This is a GREAT RPG. Great!The story is intense, adult and interesting. There are some weavements in to the show (and books?) that you probably understand better than me if you watched/read them. Even if you didn't you can still easily follow this game's plotline and enjoy it. It truly is one of the best story-lines I have experienced in a game.So good infact that yes, it allows one to overlook the weaker points of this game. It starts rather slow, but name me one RPG that doesn't. It's very conversation-heavy, which would scare off some, but is like the perfect thing for me and many RPG-fans. There can be very large stints without combat or ""action""Which is good, since the combat isn't exactly amazing. While complex enough, with various armor and damage types, many skills and abilities it's just... jarring. It's usually not much fun, which makes it fortunate it usually doesn't last that long. Mostly it consists of finding good combo's (x knocks out, y does bonus damage on knocked down foes) and hope for the best. I've lost fights heavily, and then won them using the exact same tactics without loosing any health at all on reload, so the combat results can be highly random.Back on the good side; this game features *many* great additions many RPG's could profit from having. The 2 storylines that start appart and closely come together and merge and then allows you to make the end-choice is great. It really helps avoiding story-fatigue if you don't get all of it in a large mesh-up. Downside is that you have to pay attention, it can be confusing if you don't. This is not a game just to relax and not think. You need to pay attention. Another great action is the dog, allowing you to sniff out clues, hidden rewards and take down lone guards (very advised since aforementioned combat). The counter-part fire view is sorely lacking in comparrison.Other great additions you will notice throughout, and might be spoilerish so I wont go into details expect that you really should loose the boss-fight once. That's just pure genious that other games lack, you'll know what I talk about when you see it.Another downside is the extremely unoptimalised graphics. You'll often notice stuttering, and FPS might drop to it's knees looking at a wall, while a giant city-overview runs fine. This stuttering behavior can make it hard to navigate about and is overall extremely annoying, and probably the single most giant downside of this game sadly enough. It looks good enough, but it's performance is terrible. Some areas of the city I tried avoiding just because I knew they would drop my framerate to it's knees.However, I really suggest to get yourself through the horrors of the optimalisation and (infrequent) combat to experience  what this game's plotline and conversations have to offer you. You'll not regret it playing to the end and experience it all. Definitely one of the biggest surprises to me these last few years. No RPG fan should miss this one out..."
,Recommended,208730,6882227,"Posted: 28 March, 2013",all,Urcturpurs,"the best game ive ever played. Better than Dota 2, Bioshock infinite, and the Half-Life series. Nothing ive played or ever will play will ever compare.<3"
,Recommended,208730,8574268,"Posted: 5 January, 2014",all,ZAPBoston,"Cyanide Studios’ Game of Thrones is an enjoyable RPG.I had heard mixed things about the game and was afraid it was just a cash grab but was pleasantly surprised that it shared much with RPG favorites of mine like Dragon Age and The Witcher.The biggest strength of Game of Thrones is the story. I thought it was actually really good. The characters were well written with interesting backstories. Like the source material, there were no “good guys” – the protagonists had as many flaws and as much blood on their hands as their antagonists. The story overlaps with the first book, A Game of Thrones. Fortunately, even though you run into characters from the book (modeled after the actors from the HBO series) and events from the book, there are plenty of original characters and locations too. You decisions do impact the story and the gameplay. Certain decisions give your character permanent perks that are bonuses in gameplay (+x to attach, or +% to item drops). There are dialogue trees as well when talking to NPC’s. However, for the most part, your choices never feel as consequential as the Bioware games until the very end of the campaign.Visually, the game is modest. It has decent backgrounds and character models but it looks dated for a 2012 release. I heard it runs the Unreal Engine 3 and there are definitely better looking games on this engine out there. The art design is faithful to the HBO series and looks as expected.Gameplay-wise it plays like many other modern RPG’s. It is very similar to Dragon Age as you can control one party member (and you can switch between party members) and queue up various actions in combat. Unfortunately, Cyanide doesn’t allow you to completely pause during combat to issue orders instead it slows combat down. Some people might not find that a problem but I thought it was inconvenient when trying to manage multiple characters in combat. Sometimes the camera would get in the way during combat as well with insufficient zoom and angle to see what you were attacking.I played with an Xbox controller which was fully supported and very enjoyable. As this game was also released on consoles, the controller seems the ideal method to play it. I never had any performance issues and the game never crashed on me.If you enjoy modern RPG’s or the Game of Thrones franchise, I would recommend playing this game as long as you have realistic expectations that this isn’t a AAA title and that you purchase it on-sale if possible."
76561198032258674,Recommended,208730,9074355,"Posted: 12 February, 2014",all,Blaystro,"Wow, after a tough hour wondering if I should really expect something from this game... I decided to keep playing. First, there are few bad things that you encounter :-problem of camera angle,-a random difficulty (I was playing in hard and some chapters are really easy, some are simply impossible)-linear story lineEventualy, Game of Thrones is a GREAT game:-...the linear story line has great choices and repercutions. It is following the spirit of the saga. So be prepare for ""sex, wars, treasons, and many death"". And for once, the charisma of all characters and the staging is just astonishing.-the fighting system is not perfect but has many great ideas. You'll enjoy creating your customized build depending of your style (offensive, ranged, defensive, etc...). Play in ""hard"" and you'll see how strategic is this game.I've loved to play this great RPG. If you would like an amazing story in the atmosphere of GOT : Go for it !17/20Oh... and you'll probably need xbox-controler, it isn't made for keyboard+mouse"
76561198143408776,Recommended,208730,24613375,"Posted: 30 July, 2016",all,cat_begemot,"Хороший сюжет, интересные персонажи, отличное дополнение к сериалу. Понравится всем любителям Игр престолов."
76561197995732418,Recommended,208730,8592350,"Posted: 6 January, 2014",all,Foxx,you know everyone i talked to told me to skip this game but it is really worth a look even if only just to walk around in westeros
76561198050853228,Recommended,208730,8190090,"Posted: 22 December, 2013",all,Chieftain,sick game you should buy it worth the cash
76561198072728170,Not Recommended,208730,16267501,"Posted: 8 June, 2015",all,Altruistic Quagsire,"The WORST game I have ever played. Buy the telltale game, it makes up for this ten fold."
76561198090131130,Recommended,208730,28341705,"Posted: 13 December, 2016",all,ShatteredMysticisim,Loving it so far:) been only playing it for 2 hours but  thumbs up for me. Keep them coming.
76561198055809151,Not Recommended,208730,20608684,"Posted: 18 January, 2016",all,Rotjonk,The graphics and voice acting are nowhere near good enough to sit through 20 minutes of introductory scenes before the game actually starts.
76561197999296551,Recommended,208730,12531520,"Posted: 17 October, 2014",all,{4F} CoNdor,"I really enjoyed the gameplay , but the Camera makes it almost unplayable its so anoying. Funny that the 10 minute DLC  sidequest the camera turns just, fine would have thought they could have patched it to fix. Hopeful they make a sequel and actually beta test it first but will wait for reviews before purchasing... overal worth $10.00 not the $20"
76561198033465569,Recommended,208730,4185860,"Posted: 4 April, 2013",all,Cindrick,"I'll be honest. When i bought this game i didn't really expect much to it but OH MY GOD did it deliver. Sure there are some graphic errors, eg. when you open a door you go straight through it as it opens, but we're not perfect are we? ;) the combat is really nice too, and slightly strategy based rather than hack and slash as in most action games. And of course the story is the best thing in the entire game, it captures you from the beginning until the end and even then wants to make you play more. Fantastic game, it won't disappoint."
,Not Recommended,208730,22073345,"Posted: 26 March, 2016",all,Qanye,pretty much unplayable and the combat is worse than an arrow to the knee. not great just watch the shows
76561198124356597,Recommended,208730,11936724,"Posted: 31 August, 2014",all,ptrruby,"Its ok,graphics sub par,story line great,slow battle and the off center visual is kind of annoying...."
,Recommended,208730,11953785,"Posted: 1 September, 2014",all,mchoueiri,Overall this is a solid game. The combat is a little dull and the voice acting might be nothing to write home about. The story and the writing is the game strongest point. If you enjoy the show or the books you will have a fun time. If you played games like Dragon Age Origins and wanted to play in the Game of Thrones universe instead then you will enjoy this game.
76561198105782280,Recommended,208730,11959777,"Posted: 2 September, 2014",all,✪Balian,"Great game, great story, challenging combat system 10/10"
,Not Recommended,208730,18201244,"Posted: 26 September, 2015",all,Shit at this game,"I don't even know what to say about this game, it's awful. I've heard a lot of people say the story is good, but I didn't even get to that point. It plays like Dragon Age: Origin's ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ little brother who was in the process of drowning. If you have a fetish for ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥then maybe you'll may like this game, I wouldn't count on it though, it's pretty ♥♥♥♥ing ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥. Were the devs autistic? What made them think this would be acceptable for release? They should have just aborted the project."
76561198122905718,Recommended,208730,13108118,"Posted: 27 November, 2014",all,TheFlyingTrogdor,Good game good life
76561198000927509,Recommended,208730,13123731,"Posted: 28 November, 2014",all,Meet The...,This is a really great game. I would suggest that you play the DLC quest (Beyond the Wall (Blood Bound) first before playing the main quest.
76561198091528764,Not Recommended,208730,13163336,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,rhastah1,"Total ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥. The first few chapters were ok, plays a lot like dragon age, don't mind the gameplay. But the graphics so glitchy it's impossible to finish the stupid game. Developers refuse to fix or tell users how to fix it. You can't even turn without the screen jumping.1/10. awful, awful game."
,Recommended,208730,8329684,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,Stentor,"was fun at the beginning but then when it got really exciting, i just couldn't pass some guards coz i had wrong setup and can't reload to an earlier saved game.. i don't know... we'll see if i get back to playing this with many other games around..."
76561198030956258,Not Recommended,208730,9957787,"Posted: 27 April, 2014",all,Giggles,"I wish I could review the more of the game, but unfortunately I can't review anything past the first few missions as the Red Priest (or whatever they're called, I forget). I have owned this game for several years but everytime I have tried to play it I've either had terrible audio or graphical bugs that made the game basically unplayable. I've done everything from unisnstall to verify chache, and where most games on Steam work after a period of being broken, this one has always eitehr persisted with its bugs or got new ones that broke the game equally or more. This game is literally unplayable due to bugs YEARS after its release, whether it be the UI completely disappears, the character disappears, or someother essential part of the game disappears, and if not that then its the absolutely massive drops in FPS that cause the game to freeze or crash."
,Recommended,208730,17652738,"Posted: 21 August, 2015",all,Midnight,
76561198050551836,Not Recommended,208730,15486317,"Posted: 21 April, 2015",all,hendersh0t,"The story is good, maybe even great at times. I can't, however, give this a positive review based solely on that. The story builds well and doesn't really pick up until the second half. Most of the plot twists early on are pretty predictable, especially if you're a fan of the show or books. It remained compelling enough for me to play it straight through. Every other aspect of this game is horrendus: the graphics, gameplay, combat system, weird class/ability system, loot system, side quests, and voice acting all feel very shoddy and at times barely playable. The fighting especially since it's a big part of the game. You don't just go around talking to people. You have to clear mobs and fight bosses in battles where your weapons never actually touch the NPC, you hit abilities from a pause screen, you can't move at all, and if you kill them in a cut scene the character will sometimes have a different weapon than the one equipped. The combat system feels like bad late-90s, early 2000s RPG, with graphics that would've been cutting edge on a PS2 but now are just blah. If you have lots of patience for these kinds of things, love plot-driven titles, and can't get enough GOT, then this may well be up your alley. Probably not worth the $20, but if you can get it on sale. I wouldn't say I regret purchasing it, but I definitely paid too much for a product that's largely deserved the negative reviews it's recieved from most venues."
,Recommended,208730,15419647,"Posted: 17 April, 2015",all,Chantor,"It's okay, I'd wait for a sale."
76561198010398295,Recommended,208730,8740273,"Posted: 17 January, 2014",all,Coyote_Assoupi,"Overall, it's a good game which could have been a lot better.On the good sides, it's a great universe very well adapted from the TV series & books from which it got the whole spirit. The story, completely original, manages to fit the story told in the books without inconsistency I could notice, and involves new characters I found quite attaching. The story telling is also very well built, with the complete plot discovering step by steps.BUT... gameplay is cheap. Really. The huge environments are disguised empty corridors, making the level design kind of boring. The fight system is also ""has-been"" and reminds me of KOTOR, which was fine at its time, 10 years ago. In addition, on my computer, the UT engine seem to be used in a pretty much buggy way.At the end, it looks to me as an unfinished game. All the basis are here, and are tremendously good, but lacks some serious finish.If you are fond of the books or the TV-series, get it without hesitation !If you are just fond of good RPG's without particular interest for GoT, you may find something better elsewhere."
76561198063370252,Not Recommended,208730,16183483,"Posted: 4 June, 2015",all,Bluelew,The controls are terrible. Just don't even attempt to consider buying this game.
76561198011476224,Not Recommended,208730,21843621,"Posted: 14 March, 2016",all,Morukk,"Sadly this game was released before FOCUS realized its combat system was garbage and was repelling 40% of the people who would otherwise buy their games. While a step up from Of Orcs and Men, it still falls very short of enjoyable.If you aren't aware of the combat system, its a mix of strategy turn-based and hack-n-slash. You plug in attacks x,y,x and then your character does attacks x,y,x in sequence - not as you press it. This means youre basically standing still creating sequences of attacks before you even know what the oppenent is going to do - almost like rock, paper, scissors. (the slow reaction time / animations mean that you can't do it in real time, even if you wanted too).It's disgusting and doesn't feel right to play. Doesn't feel like youre actually controlling the character, its strange.If you can bear the clunky, semi-realtime combat - I'm sure this game would be great."
76561198013136696,Not Recommended,208730,21908003,"Posted: 18 March, 2016",all,Mungojerrie,Numerous reviews state that this game's story is good.This very well may be true.But to enjoy the story you'll have to deal with:- Amateurish writing- Mostly bad voice acting- Clunky controls- Bare bones empty world- Dull combat- Very little side activitiesI couldn't.If you're sure you can do all that and enjoy the supposedly good story or you're a huge GoT fan - buy it on a sale.Otherwise it is likely to be disappointing in my opinion.
76561198032780222,Not Recommended,208730,14843480,"Posted: 11 March, 2015",all,RubyMadHatter,"The graphics for when this game was released was not impressive. The camera controls are horrible, the voice acting was poor at best. The gameplay was not good at all. This game plays like a crappy version of Dragon Age: Orgins with a Game of Thrones skin."
76561198030216646,Not Recommended,208730,14732713,"Posted: 2 March, 2015",all,gaming_ogre,"This game is way to hard. Easy level is harder than hardcore in most games. Never got past the beginning area for the second character you play. Unless your an insane perfectionist, this game is a complete waste of time, because you will never see most of it."
76561197970533201,Not Recommended,208730,14358152,"Posted: 6 February, 2015",all,mythmaker,"I have spent hours trying to get this game to work but it doesn't, therefore I cannot recommend it. The mouse look (hold down right mouse button to look around) makes the view stutter and jerk around - usually flipping you around 90 degrees. This makes it impossible to navigate the game world. I've read countless forum solutions about setting V Synch to application controlled and so forth in the Nvidia control panel - but none of this fixes the problem. I suffered through this issue when the game first came out - and now - years later I returned to it to see if a patch/update had fixed it but as of the writing of this - the game breaking problem is still there. Many people don't seem to have to this glitch so it's hard to figure out how to fix it when so few people care. Nothing I've tried works."
76561197972710825,Not Recommended,208730,17921362,"Posted: 6 September, 2015",all,oof,"♥♥♥♥ this game, I got to a certain point in the game and I can't get past because my character is not strong enough, I was having a blast but now I basically have to start over because my character wasn't built right? ♥♥♥♥ off."
76561198025492091,Not Recommended,208730,13168419,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,andrianov_kirill,"The game is pretty disappointing. From the get go it pours lots and lots of cutscenes on you to the point that you want to yell shut up and advance the plot, dammit! Everything here is so unpolished, from the UI to UX, that you find what you need to do by randomly wandering around or mashing every button there is. I never thought it would be so difficult to look back at those great examples of no-brainer UIs like in KOTOR and just shamelessly mimick it.Same generic faces everywhere. The guy that was executed, obviously had numerous twin brothers, albeit clean shaven, in the nearest mess hall. There is also excruciatingly trite protagonist, run of the mill dialogues, horrendous combat system... and I could go on forever.Just don't buy!"
,Recommended,208730,27435557,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,✠GreenGarnish✠,Its pretty good worth to buy for die hard fans
76561198317076605,Recommended,208730,35212413,Posted: 25 September,all,chief16888,really liked it
,Recommended,208730,11537812,"Posted: 3 August, 2014",all,Fatebinder,grand game hope they were more quests though
,Not Recommended,208730,28433845,"Posted: 17 December, 2016",all,Leopold,"Story and characters (except for queen Cersei) are good. Everything else is very bad. Game mechanics, charecter development, economy, interfaces --  bad.Graphics are very bad. Unreal Engine has far greater potential. I realize it is an old game, yet I've played a lot of older games that look way better. And for example, The Witcher 1 features technically outdated graphics, but everything (in the enhanced cut) is drawn so well that it will never become substandard. Meanwhile, GoT offers lame locations and poorly customized secondary characters. There are only two textures for girls - a high-born woman and woman of modest origin.You do not feel your choices matter. Again, I'm not comparing it with the best RPGs ever released. They just affect nothing.Because of the good story (which is the primary aspect, of course), I was still going to give this game a thumb-up.However, I won't: firstly, because of the camera, secondly, because this app gave my PC a blue screen, something I have experienced just a few times in my life.5/10If you can't miss it, buy only with a great discount."
,Not Recommended,208730,12865153,"Posted: 9 November, 2014",all,Shanodin,Really awful controls.
76561198041985869,Not Recommended,208730,34845333,Posted: 9 September,all,LeMMingSlayeR,Buggy mess.  Cannot progress past character select screen because icons do not show up on screen and are unselectable.  Terrible glitches.  Refunded after less than an hour of trying to fix bugs.
,Recommended,208730,10867489,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,Hernia Hermi,"[Wiener, wiener wiener, wiener wiener]One wiener, next to another wiener[Wiener, wiener wiener, wiener wiener]Two wieners alongside yet another wiener[Party, wiener party, wiener party, party party, wiener party, wiener wiener]Soft wieners, nice and soft, non-erect wieners![Keep them flopping, flopping wieners, floppy floppy, dangle wieners, dangle dangle]Five wieners in my face"
,Not Recommended,208730,1727045,"Posted: 25 May, 2013",all,Grognard_87,"The game has quite a few voice talents, but the combat system I just can't get behind. It's all based on your armour and weapons for example, those in heavy armour are weak to bludgeoning weapons, those in medium armour are weak to cutting perferating weapons and those with light or no armour, weak to light armour and the difficulty spikes in this game for combat jump all over the place.It is cool to hear the voices from the characters from the series...despite many of them not looking anything like their actors and the story is engaging, but there are times that it is just far too hard to deal with."
76561198044261706,Recommended,208730,33384812,Posted: 8 July,all,Nicklas,Hey its pretty good
,Recommended,208730,12016353,"Posted: 7 September, 2014",all,Mr.Smith,"Okay I have started this game than gave up than started to follow the TV Series and started again because when you are into TV Series you begin to understand and get curipus about the lore of this game and it makes you play more,do more,finish more quests to see more and that kind of stuff,atleast that is what happened to me.Now starting the review this game is a RPG so it must have a good plot and good RPG stuff like classes skills and etc...To talk about that I must say that this game covers RPG elements pretty good and I really liked the story,characters,plot twists,judgement and all It really really needs a shot from any GoT fan or hell even someone looking to jump into another RPG world.IT DESERVES to be playedHowever there was some places I didn't like too:-Models should have been better (It has to fit in right?).-Maps are limited (by that I mean It was not like Witcher 2 IT BROKE THE ATMOSPHERE in Witcher 2 the map is still limited but it made sense but in this it just didn't).-Character animations (I didn't expected much but that was pretty pretty pretty pretty much baaaaaaddd!I mean this is an official GoT game!C'moooon!).-They had to put in more characters from the real story I.Don't get me wrong the characters in this game are good but they had to put some more in it.And about graphics:I didn't they were outdated or lame it fit the game very well It was just the game is a classic RPG and I think after Mount&Blade GoT modes I expected something like forming your warband and more fluid animations stuff but well after all this is a plot game.Anyway this is the best GoT game I've played and I give it this: 7/10 hope this helps!"
76561197985704187,Not Recommended,208730,10141110,"Posted: 16 May, 2014",all,Michael Fassbender,"GEORGE, I AM DISSAPOINT"
,Recommended,208730,19599143,"Posted: 10 December, 2015",all,Chairman Meow,trust me- this is 37 times better than the telltale's one.
76561198104063450,Not Recommended,208730,13673916,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,Lord of The Scrolls,this game is undeniably♥♥♥♥♥♥and makes me want to castrate myself
,Recommended,208730,1097360,"Posted: 12 September, 2013",all,UnrealDelusion,This game is the proof that reviewers for websites and magazines shouldn't be trusted at all. Do yourself a favor and never trust those paid shills by publishers ever again when it comes to game reviews.Game Of Thrones is in one word EPIC! The game's story is beyond amazing and it's clear George R.R. Martin had a hand in the story the game tells. I even go as far Game Of Throne's story is far better than the classic Planescape: Tornment which is a rare thing to accomplish by any game.Gameplay wise there is also nothing wrong with the game the combat is tactical just like in Dragon Age and everything works as you would expect. There are no quarks or bad camera like they claim in reviews.All in all if you like an amazing epic story and or Game Of Thrones this game is a must play no way around it. 9/10
76561198008747881,Not Recommended,208730,11889023,"Posted: 27 August, 2014",all,Strategos,"Here's a basic breakdown of Pro's and cons for GOT the Game...Pro's:Good Story. GOT from an origional perspective: and written by George RR Martin!Good graphics. Yeah, some people have said they look a bit ""dated"" but when has that been terrible? I still think AC Brotherhood has good graphics and that's four years old. GOOD GRAPHICS dammit.Lots of weapons.Good Voice ActingBrilliant Music.No Impact:Skills sytem is different but has no real impact on gameplay aside from being an average skills system.Cons:TERRIBLE COMBAT!!! : Despite the hype, this has the combat of the average Generic MMO. The only cool part is the ability to ""slow down time"" in the middle of a conversation, so the speaker's voice gets distorted (heheh).You spend lots of time ""finding"" things. IE. ""Here's the way into a room you need to investigate to continue the story, which is a really cool story you want more of! Oops, now where was the way out again? Sorry. Guess you'll have to check EVERY GODDAMN DOOR IN WESTEROS!!!!!""No character customization. Yes, I know you play as a GOT character BUT...Levels that trap you. ""Find the rocks."" OK... WHERE exactly? See above. I can't progress in that story I raved about untill I FIND THOSE DAMN ROCKS!!!Linear. This is not normally a ""critiscm"" of a game, since there's alot of good ""linear"" games. Sure, I prefer open world and sandbox because there's much more to do, but levelled games can be fun as well, the same things happen bassically, and they can still get your blood pumping. Some of the earlier COD games and Halo are a good example, as well as various racers, and classics like Mario...But not Game of Thrones. Oh God no. Because this game has ABSOLUTLEY NO REPLAY VALUE!!! You only play it for the story, and you must do eveything EXACTLY how they want you to (you can't even draw your weapon without permission from the magic devs) to progress, so what's the point of replay?Some skills are useless: Wild Fire is incredibly rare, and for the first five levels of ""fire"" skill (there are only six levels per skillset by the way) you need Wildfire equipped.LONG conversations. Sure, I know this is GOT, more plotting than slaying, but really? A fifteen minute conversation with an NPC (admittedly and IMPORTANT NPC but..) that you can't get away from? How about ""choosing options in conversations?"" How about three times in fifteen minutes?""Consequences for your actions"" havn't appeared in the 15 hours I've played the game...BUGS. This game crashes far to frequently for my taste...Overall: I'd reccomend buying this game for about $5 at max. Its bassically another Game of Thrones novel, yet it bassically tells the same story you've already heard from a different perspective. All the pro's are bassically things they brought over from the epic TV series (like voice actors, music, setting, etc.). However, I can understand a desire to buy this game simply to be able to wander around Westeros (and there's precious few time and far too small locations to do that).Play at your own risk."
,Not Recommended,208730,21642746,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,DannyJayJay,"Terrible. Couldn't play past the intro. The appauling voice acting, writing and animation totally ruin what could have been a very entertaining story."
,Not Recommended,208730,24521543,"Posted: 25 July, 2016",all,LordSitrep,"Pros: The game is beautifully designed, the cutscene atmosphere is very immersive, and the plot is intriguing. So, an overall great backdrop.Cons: Combat needs a lot of rennovation and work, as it's pretty darn awful. Rather than Mors and Allester, Cyanide should have used more story-related characters, like Illyn Payne and Thoros of Myr, who fit the desriptions of the other characters right there (but that's just me nerding out.)?: You can teabag Cersei's head (a much deserved ""honor"" after reading about her in the books and the series on HBO)"
,Not Recommended,208730,35055269,Posted: 18 September,all,BALERION,this game does not work what did i pay for ?
,Not Recommended,208730,15175832,"Posted: 2 April, 2015",all,Moryakov,eeehhhhhh....... I like it but....ehhhh...the characters look so wierd.....i...cant...TAKE IT!
76561197985297096,Not Recommended,208730,29259555,Posted: 14 January,all,Tran455,"I can't recommend this game. The story is great, the choices aren't bad, and I do enjoy the ability to explore the world a bit.However, the good ends there. You figured a game that put this much time into graphic and development could do a little better in combat, graphic, skill trees, and such. But they left that area sorely lacking.Combat is completely repetitive. If you think Dragon Age - enrich the storyline and dim down the combat/graphic/skill tree and you'll end up with this game. As for the map - it's extremely small and all straight forward movements. When I say ""explore a map"" I really mean filling in the grey area. You can't even get loss in this game! All the paths are set, maps are established, and all you can do it go forward.If you're a Skyrim, Morriwind, Dragon Age, and avid RPG Gamer - steer away from this one. With that said, if you're a Game of Thrones fan - this is definitely for you."
,Not Recommended,208730,20616206,"Posted: 18 January, 2016",all,spicy boy,"Game Doesn't run properly, repetitive and not fun,"
76561198062525691,Not Recommended,208730,9914062,"Posted: 23 April, 2014",all,I_Squanchy_I,"I like the TV show but not the game!This game is more for Playstation or Xbox not for PC.Plus that the storyline is... well, I don't know if this is from the book or anything but it's terribly.Don't buy this game, it's a waste of money!"
,Not Recommended,208730,10501151,"Posted: 17 June, 2014",all,Firemind,Terrible voice acting and incrediably senistive camera controls. Don't even bother.1/10
76561198046888033,Not Recommended,208730,10601136,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,Ace,"Don't waste your money.  You get little to no Game of Thrones to geek out about, and instead end up with this generic character with very limited custimization.  Combat is boring and predictable.  If you've gotten this far into the review, then you've already wasted too much time on this game."
76561198021763379,Not Recommended,208730,20076403,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,SETO,Quedense que con la serie muchachos....
76561197993683720,Not Recommended,208730,15784127,"Posted: 11 May, 2015",all,kommissarw,"Disgusted with this game.  Effectively can't play without a controller.  If you want to sell a ""PC Version"" don't force people to buy a controller.  ""Full Controller Support"" apparently means ""we only support controller"".  Supposedly you can edit the AGOTInput file in Mydocuments/Game of Thrones/UnrealEngine3 but christ so many dam things to change & you get onscreen prompts only for the Console Controls.  This drivel is unconscionable.  Didn't know I was buying Console Port rubbish."
,Recommended,208730,10993582,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,Gabriel Conroy,tyrion crossbows his father tywin dead on the toiletjon snow is killed in a mutiny next seasonmother stark comes back as a spooky angry ghiost
,Recommended,208730,2453735,"Posted: 7 January, 2013",all,Al Ches,"Definelty one of best RPG-games of the 2012.Treachery, politics intrigue, magic,  ♥♥♥♥♥s, murders, and vengeance - all that in this great scenario (really scenario sometimes can shock and capture player in same time).Higly recommended for thoose who watch TV series ""Game of Thrones"".(If this game was developed not a Cyanide studio, but Bioware do that that, then it can beat the famous Witcher easily. Cyanide always left a dozen of glitches and errors in game. Most annoying that most not a key-characters got the same face, thats not fun when every guardsmen in town wear a same face.)"
,Not Recommended,208730,10521074,"Posted: 18 June, 2014",all,Kappa,Hodor.
,Not Recommended,208730,12868431,"Posted: 9 November, 2014",all,Siegwolde of Ludenbeorg,"I want to like this game, I really do. But the gameplay is so terrible that I can't play any more than 20 minutes without just giving up on it. I'm a diehard fan of Planetos mythos but I just cannot get into this game no matter how hard I try and force myself.2/10"
76561197993295562,Not Recommended,208730,8545015,"Posted: 3 January, 2014",all,Chedder,Wanted this game to be good.  But it's terrible.
76561198073356842,Not Recommended,208730,29392292,Posted: 21 January,all,dkerensky,"Im conflicted writing this review. Perhaps because I asked for a refund but couldnt get it due to playtime.I enjoyed the game, story and fighting. I did not enjoy the spiky lag when too many npcs are around,  and looked all over the net for potential fixes. Turns out when you google game of thrones graphic lag you get quite a few hits and they all share one thing: noone say the suggested solution work for them.As I understand it, you either get this problem or you dont, what cause it I have no clear idea about, and neither I suppose does cyanide studios since there has been no fix.But: the game has potential for fun and until you run into lag, it is.You can try the game and play it somewhat fast through the first chapter to reach the second chapter and check if the graphic lag happens for you.2nd chapter has many npcs and when you leave the dock for the castle, you will have a hard time maneuvering if you are affected. Thats when it is time to exit game and ask for refund, provided you played less than 2 hours. It will not get better and there is a chase sequence in kings landing you have no chance to do."
,Not Recommended,208730,13828545,"Posted: 4 January, 2015",all,jonuno,lol
76561198029072236,Not Recommended,208730,28675677,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,Jaradiel,"While the game is fun it is spoiled by a very bad engine which is unable to execute any semblance of real time movements. Worse, the graphics cannot be modified in any way except resolution. This is unacceptable and for that reason alone the game cannot be recommended to play, it's implementation is too bad for anyone sane to want to play for any prolonged period of time. If the devs would actually implement customazation of ALL graphics options it may be playable. Until that is fixed, don't bother getting it unless it's below $3, beacues that is what is is really worth now."
,Recommended,208730,12573811,"Posted: 19 October, 2014",all,Drago.,Nice Combat System.Pretty good voice cast and gameplay.Story is perfect as for Game of Thrones.
76561198119199499,Not Recommended,208730,20172829,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,Catcatcat,Just aweful.
,Not Recommended,208730,12318057,"Posted: 1 October, 2014",all,Matt,"There are a few good moments, here and there... but few and far between. It may be worth taking the plunge if you really want to explore the world that George R.R. Martin created. But don't expect a plot or voice acting worthy of the television series, and definitely do not expect a game as good as other fantasy RPGs."
76561198117042418,Not Recommended,208730,19308656,"Posted: 27 November, 2015",all,vior wolfkin,WHEN FILMS ARE TURNED INTO GAMES IT RARELY WORKS . I9SUSPECT BECAUSE THE PRIORITY FOR CHOOSING THE DEVELOPERS  IS COST . AND THIS GAME HAS OBVIOUSLY NOT COST MORE THAN PENNIES TO BE DEVELOPED . COMBAT HAS BEEN DESIGNED BY A PACIFIST GRANNY . EXCITEMENT IS SUITABLE FOR CURING INSOMNIA . . GOOD GRAPHICS BUT THEN THE BEST PART OF THIS GAME IS THE AWFUL REVIEWS .
,Not Recommended,208730,13076680,"Posted: 25 November, 2014",all,Avendt,I agree with everything Othrandur said in his review! It is just so painful to see this so promising game been so badly made! I had high expectations and  an excitement for this game that finally playing this game brought all the pain I felt when Gothic 3 was released!!! Developers should be ashamed what they did to this game! What evil possessed them to create this awful game???
76561198021722267,Not Recommended,208730,19399243,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,ap2314,20minutes in to the game and already bored. The game is♥♥♥♥♥♥there is no character customization camera angle already awkward.
,Recommended,208730,12475712,"Posted: 13 October, 2014",all,samuel_smith95,that u can use a controller for this game is absulote ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥
76561198081243272,Recommended,208730,35012529,Posted: 16 September,all,terry flap folds,I've played this before on the Xbox.It plays like KOTOR but it's Game of Thrones.
76561198005261774,Not Recommended,208730,29448624,Posted: 23 January,all,StickyBandit,One of the worst video games i have ever played bad voice acting stiff npcs super zoom in camera combat is something to laught at makes games of thrones look bad for sure.
,Not Recommended,208730,25446895,"Posted: 10 September, 2016",all,xCAKSx,combat system is♥♥♥♥♥♥...kinda like turn by turn rpg... not like witcher...
76561198056032676,Not Recommended,208730,33416582,Posted: 9 July,all,mineblindreaper,"Poor controls all around, nothing was intuitive and combat was a series of boring pauses to que attacks and abilities and watch it happen."
76561197984509656,Not Recommended,208730,12883711,"Posted: 10 November, 2014",all,framsone,"Meh. I like the GoT universe, and it was cool to sort of be ""in"" it, but...I'm not sure who the target audience of the game is. It seems like it might be people who know *of* GoT, but don't actually have any familiarity with it, other than ""hey, isn't that the theme music?"" I say that because characters spout exposition constantly (the voice acting is almost universally monotone), and someone like myself who's read the books will probably find it profoundly boring.Bottom line:- If you're intimately familiar with GoT, you'll probably find the story elements of the game incredibly dull. Unless you just absolutely-cannot-get-enough-of-Westeros...in which case, just find a Skyrim mod or something.- If you've played an RPG before, you will find the game mechanics boring and unoriginal. Especially if you've played a PC RPG before (again, Elder Scrolls, I'm lookin' at you)- The UI seems like it was designed for the lowest common denominator, I.E. - consoles, which means that on PC there are several aspects that are really unintuitive if you have, say, a keyboard and mouse attached. Like PC users tend to have. (Of course, it's possible that this was released PC-only--I haven't checked--in which case, shame on the developers for a UI that's atrocious for no good reason)Okay, so...my bottom line is longer than the rest of the review, but my point is this: do NOT waste your money on this game, even it's on sale...unless you know nothing of Game of Thrones--other than that it's ""a thing""--AND have never played an RPG videogame before."
,Recommended,208730,12541480,"Posted: 18 October, 2014",all,Charlemagne,"Laggiest camera EU, NA, AS, SA, every other region in the known universe.Makes the game unplayable for meStory's good though so y'know"
,Not Recommended,208730,9823152,"Posted: 15 April, 2014",all,Syn,Terrible
76561198141101340,Not Recommended,208730,19283955,"Posted: 26 November, 2015",all,FB||YTG_Cougar,its a rubbish game. needs more in depth character connection. te gameplay is crap especially combat. and better graphics would be nice.
76561198125654513,Not Recommended,208730,25454090,"Posted: 10 September, 2016",all,rainmanut44,"Although I thought the story line is good ,graphics decent ,and was really looking forward to playing this game ,more then just a few minutes ,have to say ,this is not a game for PC. Unless you have a game pad of some sort. Cant even look the enemy in the eye! Think I just wasted $5.00."
76561198052370389,Not Recommended,208730,26419857,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,King Kababa,"Interesting idea here but the voice acting and writing is embarassing, and the controls are basically broken. This makes the game nigh unplayable."
,Recommended,208730,34923352,Posted: 13 September,all,-Thrust-,Nice. Brothels too.
,Not Recommended,208730,23140753,"Posted: 22 May, 2016",all,Eximiron,"Do not buy and play this game if you're living in 2016 and is well-aware of recent RPG mechanics. Gameplay is so ancient I didnt stand playing it for 30 minutes. One big qualm i have with this game is the manual control of the camera. I did not further check out if there's a setting to make it go like a third-person view mode, but I'm betting there isn't. The game has so much potential from the GoT universe, but then the gameplay ruined it. It's pretty much like some sort of strategy and RPG rolled into one. I suppose this would be ""the♥♥♥♥♥♥quot; back in the day, but buying this at this time is just a waste of money. Just go get Skyrim and find a 'GoT Mod', if that exists. Or better yet, just go with the Telltale version if you want better voice acting and much more linear gameplay."
,Recommended,208730,16568399,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,KD,JON SNOW DIES
,Not Recommended,208730,23370644,"Posted: 3 June, 2016",all,Stufftough,"Really bad fighting, not that interesting of a story and bland voice acting."
,Recommended,208730,25789847,"Posted: 30 September, 2016",all,Der Jäger,this isn't even close to The Sims
76561198018406960,Not Recommended,208730,12286588,"Posted: 29 September, 2014",all,ButtholeTheBarbarian,"soooo not worth it....a ASOIAF Reader, and a Heavy GoT Fan here.This game...Huge Disappointment! A bigger disappointment than Oberyn Martell dying by Gregor Clegane's hand, And waaaayy sadder than the Red Wedding.F#$% this Game. I think they spent majority of the money on character and production rights rather than actual gameplay."
76561198055295593,Recommended,208730,32301568,Posted: 9 June,all,Lunatic,I was imprisoned by some guards because I killed some other guards and then escaped by killing even more guards and got away with it.You will also find a potter named Harry and George R. R. Martin himself.
76561197980951804,Recommended,208730,23199222,"Posted: 25 May, 2016",all,Lord Rahl,Fun game.
76561197993102305,Not Recommended,208730,13348399,"Posted: 13 December, 2014",all,Jingar,lame
76561198087507144,Recommended,208730,25430349,"Posted: 9 September, 2016",all,Zwölth,"A combat system really cool, follow the story but outside of it. A really good time playing it."
,Not Recommended,208730,11974465,"Posted: 3 September, 2014",all,WildClown,Game of Bugs
76561198005735469,Not Recommended,208730,24360713,"Posted: 16 July, 2016",all,Jade,"The game itself sucks. Its not fun to play. Its very clunky, If you play the witcher then play this youll want to kill yourself.The story is the only thing worth anything from this. So i advise you to just watch it on youtube.Save youself some money dont play this. watch it."
76561198153096480,Recommended,208730,25035591,"Posted: 20 August, 2016",all,Kekimus Maximus,"It seems like a fun game, my computer just couldn't run it, even though I have a rather good one"
76561198223174080,Not Recommended,208730,22332874,"Posted: 9 April, 2016",all,The Doctor,so bad so so bad do
,Not Recommended,208730,19675545,"Posted: 13 December, 2015",all,B-God,dogshit
76561198051356512,Not Recommended,208730,24518417,"Posted: 25 July, 2016",all,beluga1942,"To bad I try to ply it but I come only to introduction and that's it,Idon't know what vent wrong."
76561198008609708,Not Recommended,208730,34809342,Posted: 8 September,all,Albamac,Mostly positive?  Are you kidding?  This game is broken and nobody is even acknowledging the fact that many of us have just bought it and been stiffed by Steam.
76561197969505974,Not Recommended,208730,34868914,Posted: 10 September,all,_Diablo_,awful game
76561198013424448,Recommended,208730,33975502,Posted: 2 August,all,Space Sloth,its fun
76561197960778532,Recommended,208730,34545455,Posted: 27 August,all,mustard,One of the best storylines in a game I've ever seen!
76561198065005498,Recommended,208730,33990254,Posted: 3 August,all,WorldsLargestPumpkinSpiceCoffee,.
76561198133842073,Not Recommended,208730,12957757,"Posted: 15 November, 2014",all,Muddy1,The controls are very bad
,Recommended,208730,32373010,Posted: 12 June,all,Laurie,After many hours of playing this game I came to the conclusion that it's like a dog without leg's. You can look at it but that's about it.
,Not Recommended,208730,30018984,Posted: 18 February,all,Lewis,Worst game i have ever played in my entire life!!
76561198046675266,Recommended,208730,30527455,Posted: 15 March,all,Dustin,"This game is hard as f*ck but mainly because of the sh*tty controls.For combat, you really just sit and watch, sometimes clicking to target other enemies or use skills while you watch your character attack.The camera is really awkward, having to hold Right-Click down to move the camera while navigating around.A great tie to the TV-Show though, other than that is sucks a**!3/10"
76561198008679480,Not Recommended,208730,23038884,"Posted: 17 May, 2016",all,CRD,"Started a game, watched the 15 minutes of boring starting cutscenes.  Take 10 steps and get stuck in a corner.  Start over to watch the same cutscenes again?  No.Pure, pure trash.  These idiots just slapped together a skin over the Unreal engine and put no effort into testing.  These devs do not deserve to ever handle good story material ever again."
76561198194007742,Not Recommended,208730,26538143,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,hutvetenskap,Horrible
76561198008795112,Not Recommended,208730,32293236,Posted: 9 June,all,DJRedeye,"very disappointing, poor graphics and cumbersome combat system/controls"
,Not Recommended,208730,33890705,Posted: 29 July,all,Behnken,"I didn't like the combat system of the game, so I can't recommend it, but this is my preference, some may like it."
,Not Recommended,208730,21110175,"Posted: 10 February, 2016",all,(•‿•) ßärräcüdä,"The only good thing about this game is Mors' voice acting. It is epic and it makes Mors a bad♥♥♥♥♥ In fact Mors is a really cool character that I'd like to see in a game similar to Witcher 3 but that is where the good things end.The game is a poorly made and is very badly optimised. Combat is uninteresting and uninspired and is nothing like DA:O which is a great game.The story is a joke to Game of Thrones universe. It is as if it was written for a bad fairly tale with stupid plot twists that are seen from miles away. Varys looks like a fool in this game, they ruined him persona (other characters from the series/books look foolish too). Cersei isn't even voiced by Lena Headey. And most importantly, the game just feels awkward. I mean main characters are ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥. Like badly ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ and completely cliche. Especially the Red Priest.The animation is completely out of place! I mean the hand gestures that are frequently used by 2 main brutal characters that look like they are waving their hand and showing the index finger and saying ""heeey Gurl"" (all they need to add here is the circular head movement with the neck being completely moitionless) are just outright immersion breaking.  I mean they do it all the time when they try to act tough. But instead of looking tough they look like they are homosexual and it just makes it all silly. Not to mention lots of other animations that are not supposed to happen!There is not much to say here except that it fails both as an RPG and a GoT story. I would avoid it at all costs even if you are a fan of either or both. And this is coming from a guy who plays old games on regular basis, who loves indie and RPGs like Morrowind and DA:O and a guy who loves GoT books and series."
76561198260940896,Not Recommended,208730,25718704,"Posted: 26 September, 2016",all,AMaicNiN,Seven hours in and only two brothels
,Not Recommended,208730,24180343,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,Chronos,Too bad.
,Not Recommended,208730,23372758,"Posted: 3 June, 2016",all,iruleall15,Controls are very bad. Also no characters from the show it seems. But the controls are a huge turn off
,Recommended,208730,11464927,"Posted: 29 July, 2014",all,Red Steel,"An excellent game. This game has came the closest to Dragon Age Orgins. The graphics are too pretty. The sotry is drivem by two seperate people Mors with People at the wall, and Allister in Kings Landing. Choices that you make will have ann impact on how you progress in the story.  Really good Story."
,Not Recommended,208730,22832549,"Posted: 6 May, 2016",all,DylMan62,"I love Game of Thrones and this game does not do the series any justice whatsoever. Looks and feels more like an MMO than a proper game. I wouldn't pay a single penny for this♥♥♥♥♥♥heap. DO NOT GET THIS GAME. Want to ride around Westeros on a horses back, galloping into Winterfell, Kings Landing or Highgarden at will? Sadly ther's no game like this, I wish there were. I thought this game would answer my dreams but no. The combat system is ♥♥♥♥ing ridiculous. Absolutely terrible game, I can't praise a single part of it. 0/10"
,Not Recommended,208730,20509773,"Posted: 13 January, 2016",all,Mr. GrimM,This game is crap..
,Not Recommended,208730,22886514,"Posted: 9 May, 2016",all,Pizzaman,No Hodor.( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)
76561198050939162,Not Recommended,208730,25484194,"Posted: 12 September, 2016",all,..,"i hate to fkp this review ...  all fkng game  from tell tale  not start on my laptop , ii have one MSI i7 with geforce 1070 gtx grafic card with 8 gb ram and this♥♥♥♥♥♥♥game and all from this developer not start ..  pay for what  i  send refund for more than 1 week  and no answer FK u"
76561198046698187,Not Recommended,208730,32912434,Posted: 27 June,all,TacoBellNinja,♥♥♥♥♥♥
76561197996706629,Not Recommended,208730,34113358,Posted: 8 August,all,st7james,Completely unplayable. Horrible.
76561198170471587,Not Recommended,208730,34070251,Posted: 6 August,all,homikasan,"Nothing like the show, not even remotely close. You're better off spending your money on something else. Plays like a bad elder scrolls rip off."
76561198031643168,Not Recommended,208730,32130862,Posted: 2 June,all,SUX2BU,It doesn't work anymore AT ALL. NO ONE can make it run....so RUNNNNN
,Not Recommended,208730,32021305,Posted: 28 May,all,a man's man's man,"The controls were confusing for my superior 190 iq, therefore the game is♥♥♥♥♥♥"
76561198088731147,Not Recommended,208730,23512469,"Posted: 11 June, 2016",all,legionary gladius,***SPOILERS*****Bull♥♥♥♥♥♥ending im so mad wtf !!!! I didnt go through all that and kill all those people just to hang my self at the end wtf!!!!!!!!!!
76561198008434983,Recommended,208730,2505675,"Posted: 18 September, 2012",all,Jonny McJonerjon,"This game gets a ton of hate, but it has more going for it than alot of those fancy games with high production values.  If you play it on Lord difficulty the combat is challenging, and very rewarding. Sure, the graphics a re mediocre and the voice acting is crap, but its has a good story."
,Not Recommended,208730,19261284,"Posted: 24 November, 2015",all,jh,bad controls
76561198042792408,Recommended,208730,19473274,"Posted: 4 December, 2015",all,Bobby Brown,"Gameplay maybe ""meh"" but the story is pretty dope"
,Recommended,208730,17879571,"Posted: 4 September, 2015",all,Lipp,Good game!
76561198036408564,Recommended,208730,7951106,"Posted: 7 December, 2013",all,cape,"What this game is:-over 20 hours roleplaying game in the game of thrones setting with an absolutely amazing story line with characters you will love!-Your decisions drive the story.-The story is as brutal as you would expect from game of thrones.What it does NOT:-Sightseeing; You get to be in the interesting locations but you never get a nice view on anything. Despite being in the red keep the only characters you get to met from the series are Cersei and Commander Mormont.-Convenient pollished game play?; Areas are small, with little detail and riddled with dead ends for you to get lost in. So you will need to look at the map a lot. You can open the map with the key ""m"" but only close it again with ESC, which shall serve as just one example of the many annoying little things of this game. Sometimes it feels like I am being tortured...Nevertheless, I enjoyed playing the game due to the story."
,Recommended,208730,2181542,"Posted: 26 July, 2013",all,NightMareGreen,"Steer clear of this shoddy game. While it has a storyline that runs through its middle that at times ca be interesting,when not weighed down by pointless lenghty crap and retreading, it suffers from a poor mans combat system,like a second rate Witcher. The voice acting is questionable at best and the game is clearly a cash in on the series. You never really get to explore Westeros. A franchise better suited for more free roaming. I originally thought everyones reaction of it being bad was because they were jaded. I've played a lot of games shunned that turned out good, but this isn't one of them. I♥♥♥♥♥♥on this title, glad I spent $15."
,Recommended,208730,1498189,"Posted: 8 September, 2013",all,Johnny Joestar,игра среднего качества 5\10 где то. Косяков там всё же очень много. Сюжет вот интересный
,Recommended,208730,10325989,"Posted: 2 June, 2014",all,MrCombatGiraffe,the game was pretty nice looking. story was ok.
,Recommended,208730,1348430,"Posted: 22 July, 2012",all,apfelstrudel,underrated gem
,Recommended,208730,9250538,"Posted: 24 February, 2014",all,Gecinyuszi [HUN],"Game of Thrones is really an overlooked and underrated game on the field of RPGs. It tells a great story of 2 knights in the world of George R.R. Martin's Game of Thrones and fits well with the Book/TV Show. The game's strength is storytelling, and this is probably the problem for some percent of players, because there is a lot of conversation and narration in the game. Most of the game you will be running around and talking to people solving the next puzzle of the story (i would say around 70/30% for Conversations/Fight). The Fighting system is good (reminds me of Dragon Age) and there is a decent amount of skills, loot and customization to play with. The game is fairly linear but there are some secondary/optional quests to do as well as some minor exploration. The graphics is outdated but it works for me as it gives a good overall feel for the game.As said the storytelling and the voice acting what makes this game great and worth checking. It will not spoil the show/book just minor part, but i would recommend watching Season One at least to understand some parts and ""easter eggs"".Game of Thrones may not be the best RPG on the world but it’s definitely a worthy one. It requires patience and I would mostly recommend for players who prefer the story instead of the action. Try It out and May the Seven watch over you!7/10"
76561197964083847,Recommended,208730,10055589,"Posted: 8 May, 2014",all,loz,"You want to play this game for the story not for its amazing gaming mechanics graphics etc. but it is a good engaging tale, which kept me going and was enough to overcome its sometimes annoying gameplay. overall 6.5/10"
76561198034927328,Recommended,208730,8805914,"Posted: 22 January, 2014",all,jpbowman,"To like this game one thing to do is to assume it is not AAA (or even A) and ignore the ordinary stuff and focus on the characters and story. The combat is moderately fun if a bit awkward. The character development system is what I refer to as ""chose what you like it doesn't make much difference"". Everything else (the gameworld) is medieval and grimey looking... so different to pretty, pristine Skyrim. The story is good and rather dark and it delivers well. Even some dark humor permeates at time. George RR Martin would approve (or he must of...). The story avoids being flat -in other words  stories that fail to build suspense. The Mors character is really well-voiced - he needs to be in more games, Allister is pretty good too - but distinctive, good quality voice acting really adds something. GoT is worth playing with these things in mind. If you like colour and movement - like Super Mario World and that ilk, the game will be a bit more riskier in the ""will I like it"" stakes. Still I suggest getting this on sale since its replayability is perhaps limited."
76561198011795714,Recommended,208730,9002575,"Posted: 6 February, 2014",all,Snak,"I will recommend this as i enjoyed it immensely, but if you are not a fan of the Game of Thrones series or the A Song of Ice and Fire book series, you will most likely not find this game appealing or enjoyable.  It has a great amount of depth, some characters are really fun and the story is quite amazing but it is dragged down by other mechanics.  If you're a fan, this will most likely be a treat if you can endure it, otherwise you probably will simply waste you're money."
,Recommended,208730,9690194,"Posted: 31 March, 2014",all,iAmTheRealSven,"This game isn't as bad as people say, the gameplay gets repedtitve and the acting is average, but the story is one you would expect from a Game Of Thrones licenced game"
,Recommended,208730,9541396,"Posted: 18 March, 2014",all,-=HATE=- Leviathan,"Awesome story, and hey! It's not indie trash. That's a bonus. If you're a fan of the books and the TV show, the plot line has enough grit and twists in it that you'll enjoy it. If you're the kind of person that wants a happy ending (get your mind out of the gutter) then you probably aren't even considering buying this game, because...well, in GRRM's world, NO ONE gets a happy ending. No one."
76561198038234169,Recommended,208730,4505095,"Posted: 14 June, 2012",all,Lucifer,"This game does true homage to the series its story is one of my particular favourites it does a good job carrying it past any of its flaws, the setting is amazing and the combat(Despite many peoples complaints) is actually ok hard for some to get use to but not bad in its self... Short and true"
76561198046211492,Recommended,208730,5193141,"Posted: 25 August, 2013",all,Erish,"Très bon jeu, très scénarisé certes mais agréable au final avec une histoire qui se marie très bien a la série."
,Recommended,208730,9357808,"Posted: 5 March, 2014",all,Srakken,If you are a fan of game of thrones and enjoy RPG games I would recommend this one. Not sure why it is so underrated. I guess I am biased since I am huge GoT fan. I found the story in this game was very well wriiten and really made me feel like I was in the GoT world. Gameplay is good once you get used to the combat controls etc.
76561198034298704,Recommended,208730,9385123,"Posted: 8 March, 2014",all,Baidur,OK. The graphics aren't the greatest. The gameplay isn't that fluid.But the story is fine. Very good indeed. It is keeping me playing.It's not great. But if you're a Game of Thrones fan and are more interested in a good storyline insteadof a good portion of hack & slash. This might be worth checking out.
76561198028240025,Recommended,208730,9065913,"Posted: 12 February, 2014",all,robbiangel183,"quality game thats only spoilt a little by a few strange / amatuer choices by the devs. They should re-do the voice acting again  as this game has the best story of any game or game of thrones season so far, its just some of the voices couldnt get any worse. Please play more than an hour as the first hour all you see are the small issues/ bad choices. after an hour all you want is to see what happens next. Gripped until the end. Multiple Endins aswell so I might have to re-play it"
,Recommended,208730,6452786,"Posted: 27 May, 2013",all,kovatko,"Обажаю вселенную ""Game of Thrones""."
76561197972729524,Recommended,208730,600713,"Posted: 31 August, 2013",all,Perus_TC,UGH!
,Recommended,208730,253115,"Posted: 14 March, 2013",all,Gewehrztraminer 1664,http://linethemup.wordpress.com/2012/10/13/do-that-again-a-game-of-thrones-1996-2012/
76561198030759097,Recommended,208730,9039311,"Posted: 9 February, 2014",all,loganstall,"This game takes place before the events of ""A Game of Thrones"" (the novel), It depicts characters that aren't in the series as well as know characters such as Queen Cersie. The Story telling in this game is great, If your a fan of the a Song of Ice and Fire series of books you may well enjoy this game. The Gameplay on the other hand is a bit lackluster, Its not bad but there is something to be desired, the combat is remeniscent of Dragon Age Origins. I give this game an 8/10."
,Recommended,208730,8981106,"Posted: 4 February, 2014",all,Quardis,"I don't get all the hate this game is getting. It has an intriguing story, and a nice gameplay. Yes the animations and the voice acting may not be the best but we all knew that this wasn't an AAA RPG game anyways."
,Recommended,208730,8766849,"Posted: 19 January, 2014",all,dyle71,"Fromhttp://www.dyle.org/blog/?p=187:Finished Game of Thrones last Thursday. Even though the game has a decent story it bursts and get shattered on the shortcomings of the graphics engine.You play two characters: Mors, ""the butcher"", Westford, a loyal warrior of the Night's Watch and Alester Sedwick struggling to regain his heritage as Lord of Riverspring after been away for 15 years.The story is really great and contains all the ingredients the famous Game of Thrones series features: honor, love, fights, betrayal, debauchery, violence, mystic and magic, deception, heroism, and cruelty. It's all in there. This is a true Game of Thrones story.Also if you watched the TV series you'll recognize some characters: Cersei Lannister plays the plotting ♥♥♥♥♥ and you simply can't get behind Lord Varys motives and schemes. As a goodie: you have a Cameo-appereance of Mr. ""Game-of-Thrones"" himself: George R. R. Martin is the Maester of Bergholz. Running a little Q&A with him is quite hilarious.Ok, there are some irrational items in there: e.g. it takes you 3 months game time to travel from Castle Black at the Wall down to the Riverlands, but after chapter 8 you are free to simply click anywhere on the map and are there within a blink of an eye.Or: at some point Alester murmurs to himself: ""pillagers will be executed"" during a riot ... which does not keep you away to grab and loot anything which is not nailed down. =)But then there is the story. And what a story it is! I can remember the events in chapter 11 leaving me with my jaws wide open: WTF! The game overdoes this theme and attitude of the core Game of Thrones nature in the end like in the final events in chapter 14, but all-in-all it is a great story to experience. Westeros is here.This is the very strong part of this game.Then the combat techniques is quite interesting and has some charm: like in a Dragon Age 2 manner you slow down time - it actually never stops - and issue some actions. This interface is not that easy to get your hold on but after some encounters you'll learn this new experience. And itisfun. As time does not stop you feel pressure to get to your decisions rather fast. I finished the game on normal level and every now and then I lost some combats and this is a real good experience. Be demanding so that success is sweeter.This is the interesting part of the game.... and then there is the game engine. They say it does not take a good graphics for a great game to tell thrilling and fascinating story. True. But the engine should at least bare some minimums. This game is an example to stress this principle.As the audio and speakers are ranging from ok (average peasant) to excellent (Lord Varys) the Graphics are weak. All in all the textures are squishy, some motions clumsy. You find a lot of people sharing the very same faces and if I don't know it better I would say I've been witness to the impossibility of theframerate dropping below 0!Seriously, you have to be very capable of suffering and be very high pain tolerant accepting this. Walking around the great hall in Castle Black is ... well ... demanding. Even though some places are nicely rendered like the Gift at the Wall.If the developers had more time to improve the graphics engine this game would have been rated much higher in the critic's world.This is the very poor, ugly part of the game.For the record, I needed about 36 hours at normal difficulty level and finished the story with Mors taking care of the baby outside of Westeros.I award this game 3 out of 5 stars, thanks to the pretty cool Game of Thrones story line ... nearly ruined by the half-baked graphics textures and graphics engine. It could have been better. Much better."
76561198046772720,Not Recommended,208730,11101625,"Posted: 6 July, 2014",all,mrtekhead,"I barely got thru the tutorial and I was already hating the controls, combat, and UI. Just because it is called GAME of Thrones doesn't make this a GAME, better left as a show."
,Recommended,208730,11103447,"Posted: 6 July, 2014",all,Voidless Wanderer,"Before I begin this review, understand that I was not a fan of Game of Thrones/ A Song of Ice and Fire and knew nothing about the series other than it had a bunch of main characters die all the time.  Playing it for the first time, I enjoyed how the two main characters were not really good characters but more so severely flawed characters put in desperate situations.  If you are wanting to play a game that had  similar characters to The Witcher, you may also enjoy the characters in this game.  Like most western rpgs,  the branching dialoge choices is a nice touch that adds  replay value and helps you get immersed in the setting of the game.  The gameplay is a cross between Dragon's Age Origin's queuing system as far as stacking different types of attacks/selecting party members and Witcher 2's slow down when you are trying to select attacks.  It works for the most part however I did have trouble in certain segments of the game.The game has a very decent art style with really nice moon effects in the forest.  However character detail is very lacking and ugly.  The soundtrack was pretty decent, nothing that stood out and made it memorable but it was not bad either, just a bit repetitive.  The voice acting is definitly low budget however, some of the characters really put forth some awful lines of dialogue and made some scenes hiliarious when they were not supposed to be.   In addition, like most western rpgs, there are plenty of bugs and glitches that at one time forced me to load a previous save, 30 minutes back, so be warned to save often and have different save files just in case.For the current asking price, it is in my opinion too much, wait till it gets on sale for under $10 and you should fine plenty of enjoyment with the game.  I would avoid the dlc however, the dog skin is just a skin pack and adds nothing to the gameplay or story.  The weapons pack is also not very well designed as you still have to pay  a merchant to get the weapons that are extremely expensive, you will eventually in the course of the game, get weapons that rival those dlc weapons. The one story dlc ""Beyond the Wall"" is okay but very brief,  do not get the dlc at the current asking price.While the game has many flaws, it is very enjoyable.  I personally am still not necessarily a fan of Game of Thrones but I can say the game did increase my interest a bit into why people enjoy the series so much.  If you are a fan of the series, you will probably enjoy the game a lot and if you are not a fan like myself, you may enjoy it as an okay western rpg set in  a gritty medieval environment."
76561198118958395,Recommended,208730,11128512,"Posted: 7 July, 2014",all,.ICE,I have no regrets buying this.10/10 Would play anytime.
,Recommended,208730,3786799,"Posted: 4 April, 2013",all,Koodipuukko,If you get past the mediocre combat and random camera issues the game is actually quite awesome. Worth picking up if on sale.
,Recommended,208730,6789257,"Posted: 29 December, 2012",all,gatodelun1x,"++ great, great story, main characters and the world design overall+ add another plus if you are Game of the Thrones fan-- tragic controls (worst I have seen for a while). WHY U NO HAVE normal camera adaptive to movement?!- mediocre graphics- bland and very limited level design- world exploration not very rewardingSo there you have it. If youre GOT fan, give it a try. Otherwise, dont bother."
,Recommended,208730,18285382,"Posted: 1 October, 2015",all,saix109,Great game. so much fun. watch my lets plays of this on youtube. SaixShire Gameing.
76561197991834915,Recommended,208730,18200721,"Posted: 26 September, 2015",all,DEATH2ALLNOOBS,Good story if you are willing to stick with the average gameplay and poor combat.
76561198041085059,Not Recommended,208730,18106297,"Posted: 19 September, 2015",all,Mokipoki,"This is not a good game. And it's unfortunate because the land of Westeros is a great scenario for a game. The devs just simply did not put effort into making this game intuitive, enjoyable, and flowing. The controls are awful, the combat is uninspired, the only thing that redeems this game is the Mass Effect-like choices and the setting of the plot. I bought this for about the cost of a meal and I would have much rather gone out to dinner.3/10. Would not recommend unless you're willing to settle for subpar Western RPGs.Edit: I'm not sure what's more abhorrent...the fact that the gameplay and interface are so undercooked or the fact that the game's plot literally starts out with a young man getting♥♥♥♥♥♥♥to death. I know J.R.R. Martin is brutal about main character deaths, but I feel like the devs took some liberties with the ""I don't give a♥♥♥♥♥♥quot; factor."
76561198077063794,Not Recommended,208730,18138859,"Posted: 21 September, 2015",all,Mai Bhalsych of Korse,"Don't bother.Even if you're like me, a huge ASOIAF and RPG fan who wanted more of Westeros, you'll probably hate this. Most of the positive reviews cite the game's plot as a positive, but it's hard to enjoy any plot with voice acting as bad as this. It's not particularly convincing when someone says 'the archers come from behind us' in a tone of mild domestic surprise.Plus, everything is so damn slow. Characters swing their weapons sluggishly. Loading takes too long. Even the UI is a chore, forcing you to click 'confirm' every time you click a different section in your inventory.There's too much at fault here to allow yourself to enjoy it."
,Not Recommended,208730,18141297,"Posted: 21 September, 2015",all,DaveThoomes,"Lost interest with this game pretty quickly, Voice actors are sub-par (excluding those from the TV series), Game mechanics are severely lacking, UI is flawed, rendering is about the same a MS paint so you would be better off throwing rocks at cars than buying this POS.0.5/10 Potatoes"
,Recommended,208730,18092886,"Posted: 18 September, 2015",all,thehalfgermanone,"I was hesitant to buy this game at first, due to the overwhelming number of negative reviews it had, but I'm glad I did. It has an amazing plot, and was a very in-depth RPG overall. Choice definitely matters in the outcome of the story. Only thing negative was the graphics and movement/camera."
76561198001584035,Recommended,208730,18276775,"Posted: 1 October, 2015",all,BobMammoth,"Awesome game! The storyline is amazing and the characters are profound and complex. The graphics are nice and the music fits perfectly. The combat system can cut chort the action but still enjoyable. The quests are really interesting and again, the storyline is a magnificient portrait of the books."
76561198174571915,Recommended,208730,18229948,"Posted: 27 September, 2015",all,Daermor,"As previous reviews already listed;+ Great story, consistent with the narration style of books and tv series.+ Rich characters in terms of character design- Terrible voice acting (Maybe except for Mors)- Weird combat control. You really dont have to ace it to finish the game in any difficulty.- Skill trees are not well optimized. Had around 2 extra skill points at one point whereas I already purchased all of the avaible skill trees.- Really old looking graphics. Even though the main problem with the visuals is rather about how ""grainy"" they look, especially during some cutscenes.All in all, the story pulls you in after a rather rough initiation process invoving figuring out the gameplay. It is highly recommended to those who are familiar with the GOT world and fascinated by it. For others, well, I suppose there are many better action/Rpgs out there for them to try =)."
76561198098381101,Recommended,208730,18078218,"Posted: 17 September, 2015",all,Clever Monkey,As others have stated this is definitely a story driven game. On the story alone I would recommend GOT.At first I was not impressed with the combat but as the game progressed and the 2 heroes united I felt the game take on a different tone. More abilities became available and maybe sticking with the same 2 characters I learned how to use them effectively and had a more enjoyable time. Combat became more frequent which may also had something to do with my enjoyment.I am still not a complete fan of the combat system however it is used in several of the DEVs games. As is the same awful camera controls. Once I got over the fact I would experience at times not being able to see my characters fully while in combat and during some cut scenes having my character stuck in a door or looking through my companions head or at a wall(etc...) I didn't hate it as much.When I play I think of replayability. At first I thought NO. however during my game I rethought that and even though I would not immerse myself in the dialogue as I did It still may be fun trying the different combat stances and actually striving to finish all the side quests. I also think of bang for the buck(joy for the price) and since I bought GOT at a huge discount I definitely got my moneys worth for 1 play and if I do come back in a month or more than the bang will only increase.
,Recommended,208730,18107081,"Posted: 19 September, 2015",all,illest tits,"Just finished my first play-through!Very good story, a must play for Game of Thrones enthusiasts. Although the game-play is nothing special and irritating at times, the story alone creates reason to push through and experience this awesome plot go down!As you progress, your decisions throughout the game will change the ultimate outcome of the story which makes for some interesting situations.You'll also find George R.R. Martin himself in the game!"
76561198011483539,Not Recommended,208730,17651888,"Posted: 21 August, 2015",all,Pandito,GoT trying to get money out of their loyal fan base... they should really just ask and not put out a garbage game next time.
,Not Recommended,208730,17703870,"Posted: 24 August, 2015",all,Mog,I made a spoiler free review for this game. Please check it out!https://youtu.be/h15mpwIO01M
,Not Recommended,208730,11954403,"Posted: 1 September, 2014",all,Divi Filius,"I have mixed feelings on this game. Story-wise, it remains loyal to the series and introduces new characters as well as characters from the show (with some of the actual cast providing voices!)Basically, the game is set in a similar style to the books. You play as two characters, Mors, a ranger of the Night's Watch, and Alester, a red priest who has returned from Braavos to reclaim his father's seat as Lord. You switch between both characters  every chapter. The RPG elements are great, allowing you to choose your style of play. Mors and Alester have different fighting styles, and you can pick which path you want them to go down. You can upgrade your skill tree, add points to weapons etc... all the typical RPG things. What ultimately kills it however is the combat system.  When you engage in battle you select an enemy and you can line up attacks. Using such an old combat model for this type of game is its downfall. I could look past some of the other aspects except this.Performance-wise, the game is stable and runs smoothly. The graphics are dated, but they're not bad so to say. Just don't expect super beautiful graphics. The enviroments are also a bit shallow. Riverspring, during the riots felt a bit bland to my taste. There was none of that true hateful spirit! You need to play the game to see for yourself. Apart from that the game hasn't aged well. It feels like it was made back in 2000.But what about the story? The thing that made me a big fan of GoT is the story, which in this case this game has remained loyal to. The game takes place before the events of the first book, in a simpler time when Robert Baratheon was still whoring away, Eddard Stark's head was still on his shoulders and the realm was finally in peace after the downfall of the Targaryens. Some of the cast members from the show lent their voices! I was absolutely surprised when I heard Varys' spidery voice narrating the intro and good ol' Jeor Mormont giving orders to the Night's Watch. It's those little things that make this game so special.It has it's flaws but if you are willing to overlook the outdated game mechanics, I recommend this. It's a must-get for any true GoT fan (It's better for readers of the book, but show-watchers are welcome to try it!) If you want a proper quality GoT experience, play Telltale's Game of Thrones game. There is far more polish and TV-esque story than this.EDIT: Oh and I forgot to mention the voice acting. Apart from the cast who lent their voices (which sound just like in the show!) some of the voices can sound uninspired, like when they're saying, ""OH MY GOD WE'RE GONNA DIE!"" They sound sort of bored. Not all the voices are like that, but some definetly are."
,Not Recommended,208730,1014112,"Posted: 11 September, 2013",all,Yaen_Debian_Fr,"une bien grosse crotte ce jeu. moi qui ai lu les livres, je suis plus que déçu. le jeu promet mais ne tient pas.this game is a big poo. I've read all the books and I'm very disapointred by the game."
,Recommended,208730,8711810,"Posted: 14 January, 2014",all,Commander Grog,"Game of Thrones - The Roleplaying Game,...realy not that bad after allThis game is much better than its reputation. The characters are believably written and very memorable. Overall, the story is realy great. You don't have to have read the books, though it might help understanding the ovarching lore a bit better.Technically the game realy isn't that great. The animations are stiff, the voice acting isn't top notch and so are the graphics. But you have to remember that the budget wasn't very high. The game is perfectly playable, though the battle system takes a little time to get used to. The further I got the more I enjoyed it. Please don't stop after one or two chapters. I realy enjoyed the 29 hours it took me to complete the game(including the prequel DLC ""beyond the wall"").For some players it might be important to know, that the game is more heavily based on the books than the TV Series. There are two characters (Jeor Mormont and Varys) that resemble the actors of the HBO series and are voiced by them, but that's it. Most locations don't resemble the ones you might know from TV. King's Landing has more of an european Middle-Age-Vibe to it, for example. Of course there's the ingenious Theme.The game takes place during the first book/season, so you won't spoil yourself anything that takes place after that time."
,Recommended,208730,17487267,"Posted: 11 August, 2015",all,Narrenfeste,GoT is a 3D-role playing game based on the tv-show. Its special feature is that you have to create two main characters. Most of the time you control a party up to 4 characters. In combat you can slow down time and pick different skills to fight enemies.pro-Setting up two characters feels fresh and interesting-You control the dog of Mors (one of your characters) to search stuff and to sneak behind enemies-Story matches the tone of GoTcontra-Combat is very boring due the abilities are very blend and generic.Overall GoT is a good RPG which really suffers of its boring battles. Most of the time you are fighting and it is clearly the weakest part of the game.
,Not Recommended,208730,7464311,"Posted: 24 October, 2013",all,[Pleb] Carbine #6554,"Unplayable. The camera is just unusable.In addition to this, the characters are all a bunch of robots.The graphics are nice, and the story looks like it might be pretty good, but because of the camera, I didnt get the chance to explore it much.Don't buy this game. 2/15 stars."
,Recommended,208730,16554007,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,Ali Erkurt,Game has an epic story.
,Recommended,208730,16399629,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,Hithredin,A good little story that is nice to play once.
,Recommended,208730,16886744,"Posted: 4 July, 2015",all,St_Winter,"+Interesting concept on character creation (picking good traits but then having to pick a counter bad trait)+great story written with the help of George RR Martin+a few hard choices in conversation+interesting take on combat+you play as two almost polar opposite characters with unique abilities+good graphics for an older game+some good voice acting by the cast of Game of Thrones-..but sometimes the graphics aren't the best-animation is not the best by any means-cities and forests are not as populated as they should be-some voices are the same or poor voiceoversI would completely recommend this game, specially to a Game of Thrones fan. It is a well rounded rpg with a unique take one the common steps most games use when making an rpg. Yes, some choices however aren't the best but for the most part all are well made.If you are just looking for an rpg but know nothing of the A Song of Ice and Fire series, then you may not understand completely or have the same deep feelings in some situations as someone who is into at least the show. Therefore, i would wait for a really good sale on Steam."
,Recommended,208730,18039488,"Posted: 14 September, 2015",all,airborne,"SPOILER FREE REVIEWThe Game of Thrones RPG isn't the perfect game, but it does have a perfect story. George R.R Martin helped write it and you can tell, especially with all the intrigue and twists and turns. The game suffers from annoying combat mechanics and there isn't that much to do besides the main quest and one or two side quests, but it is a perfect game for any hardcore ASOIAF fans.The story is great and you play as two main characters, and you visit many places throughout the game. The iconic locations are in such as Castle Black and King's Landing, you can go to Mole's Town as well. But most of the NPC in the game just stand around and offer nothing to the story but to make the locations look full of life. You can also hear the authentic voices of Joer Mormont and Varys, and the voice acting of the two main characters is great also.The combat is a good system, but the annoyance is being ganged on upon by 5-6 enemies at a time. Even on the easiest difficulty the combat was annoying, not hard, just a pain. Many times I just wanted to skip the combat and advance throughout the story. Levelling up is cool, and there are alot of cool items in the game. My character for example was weilding Ser Duncan's sheid, and you can even use The Red Viper's spear. Those items are included with the Weapon Pack DLC though.Each ""Chapter"" in the game has the main quest and 1-2 side quests you can do. Side quests usually help you out later with the main quest if you accomplish them. But once you complete the quests there is nothing to do in the game but maybe fight in the arenas to get more cash. Making cash is easy, just sell all the stuff you don't have. No need to really fight for it.The game is great for all ASOIAF and GOT fans to enjoy. The story is great and you will feel for the characters, but just remember in GOT their is no such thing as a happy ending."
76561197972462277,Not Recommended,208730,18050293,"Posted: 15 September, 2015",all,chriskessel,"It's basically an interactive story on rails. There's not much choice involved. Kill some stuff, listen to a lot of story, kill more stuff, listen to story.The story is good and the voice acting is pretty admirable. The combat isn't particularly interesting though and the ""on rails"" bit means there isn't much choice in how you approach the game.Recommended if you love Game of Thrones back story. Not recommended otherwise."
,Recommended,208730,16840806,"Posted: 2 July, 2015",all,Metal_Phoenix,"grate game if your into game of thrones, however its got its faults if your not, as it can be boring when you are not so intrested in the stroy and makeing the links to the Game Of Thrones TV program."
76561198087204933,Recommended,208730,16845132,"Posted: 2 July, 2015",all,Hawksman49,"I usually dont right reviews but after 15hrs of gameplay and probably halfway through.My gameplay exp also includes ALL the DLC - i disadvice anybody below 18 buying the game.ok CONS:Graphics 8/10:for me i don't really care for it but i know alot do. Impressive but not enough to make you feel like your playing CoD or BF but is good enough to play.(This is on max graphics)Combat 6/10i'll sum this up quickly, feels robotic & not very realistic. Its more of a select your options and wait for the cooldown to use again. Sometimes i feel there's too many oponents thrown in just for the hell of it.Story 10/10:2 very small gltichs not even worth mentioningSome bugs and glitches , found only 2 so far... 1 i actually screenshoted it i found it so funny. The other was a conversation glitch where i saw the wall instead of the person.I feel there's just that tiny bit to much running around and gathering coins and extras things to help you in your game.(this is for if you want to get 100%)if you just want to plough through and dont care about the trinkets in the game then you wont notice.=======PRO'sGraphics 8/10:for me i don't really care for it but i know alot do. Impressive but not enough to make you feel like Playing CoD or BF but is good enough to play.(This is on max graphics)Combat 6/10.I love that you can slow down time to make your decisions because the combat is very fast paced and you can run multiple characters at the same time.Story 10/10:Very rich story, LOVE IT ! ! i would rate it a full 10==========DLCIs it worth getting , Yes.All of the DLC Defeientely add to the game==========If the price is right?mmmm, if its £15+DLC and below Yes !=========I hope this review helps"
76561197970127139,Recommended,208730,380611,"Posted: 4 August, 2012",all,Blackshirt,"A very solid RPG similar to Dragon Age, with some rough edges, but solid systems and a very rewarding experiance overall. The game fits in perfectly with the Song of Ice and Fire universe, without wasting too much time on needless fan-service. You will see some familiar faces, but the story is completely it's own creature and you will grow to care about Mors and Alester as much as any of the characters from the novels. Troughout the game, branching options with real cconsequences pull you into the story as you continually try to choose the lesser of two evils, in true Game of Thrones fashion. The game also gives fans something the books may never provide... an honestly great ending, and a true sense of closure. If you enjoy RPGs and liked the books or the show, you owe it to yourself to pick this up."
76561197971947702,Recommended,208730,18021941,"Posted: 13 September, 2015",all,Doom Devil,"If you like the show, you will like this game.  It's a lot more about the story than the game play."
76561198006320790,Recommended,208730,18029638,"Posted: 14 September, 2015",all,marsuf,"Moderate graphics, moderate gameplay, good story. A surprisingly well done RPG, that I would recommend to all fans of Game of Thrones and The Song of Ice and Fire."
76561198089059695,Recommended,208730,18036863,"Posted: 14 September, 2015",all,Deacon Blues,"Wow. This game kicks so much♥♥♥♥♥ One of the best stories I've encountered in a game. It's so good that it completely overshadows the terrible combat system. If you're a fan of the books or the show I definately recomend it. Mors Westford is my favorite Game of Thrones character, and he's only in the game!!"
76561198029002089,Recommended,208730,13603189,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,Basse,"As a game of thrones fan, I really appretiate story based games of a house I'm not familiar with. Here you will get to live two exciting stories, where you are a chosen charater. You can choose a class, equipment, skills and more. It has been several hours of fun gameplay.The minuses of this game are that there are few iteams for equipment, so the character doesn't seem as costumiced as it should be. The leveling is quite slow if you follow the dialogs. The graphics are average. There is only one quest line, and there are normally only one road to follow, so you never get stuck, but there is no freedom of your character.Yet I would recomend this game if you got time foran adventure. Try it, enjoy it."
,Recommended,208730,11272558,"Posted: 16 July, 2014",all,Tarantinoe'd,"8.5/10 Why? this is a very good game with a lot of good material if you enoy a song of ice and fire either read the books or watched the tv series (a game of thrones) then believe you me this is a game you may enjoy.Negative: the reason it did not get a 10 is simply because of the sketchy voice acting which may appear amateurish at times and the game mechanics as a whole take some time getting used to and the dog skin and weapons dlc are very unimportant.Positive: this game has a very immersive story which may start out a bit rough and dull yet evolves into a beatiful story plot with twists and turns as you go along. the game has a very nice and rather surprising choice and consequence theme that you may see in many of the tell tale games, it may not appear so in the beginning but as you progress it gets very intresting and you soon regret the descisions made in the past. the dlc beyond the wall is however a very short yet very intresting dlc which if played before the actual game could immerse yourself when you start playing the original story line.There are a few things that have been left out of the positive and negative side because they are purely up to the individual, things like difficulty and graphics. these kinds of graphics are much easier to work with many would disagree and say that graphics are a very vital part in games nowadays firstly the game was made in 2010 and was not faced with things like next generation consoles and the like so one should not expect that. secondly you would not want to deviate from what this game  really is, it is purely story based sure there is fighting but thats there so things like progression and honestly if you want amazing graphics go look for a game that focuses on it.where the combat is concerned, it would take a rather long time for a person who isnt used the the kind of interface it uses, sort of like a mass effect pause screen and tactic control for characters, this will take some time easing into howeveronce you get the basics down (which is all thats needed) you should be able to play without pain.The game gets very hard at times this i know so save alot. depending on how you normally play games wether you prefer the story of the game or rather the challenge of a game well there is the difficulty setting and its there for a reason if you want the game more for the story then play it on casual sure people may call you a scrub but who the hell cares, if you are however a person who likes to play games with more a challenge and death gives you vim rather than a broken keyboard then look no further play the game on hard and prepare your♥♥♥♥♥♥as it gets rather tough at some points.This game is a gem very few people know of it and to be rather honest that is very sad, if you are a very big fan of a song of ice and fire albeit wether you read the books or watch the series (a game of thrones) this is defianately a game for you and i would hope to see more games like this in the near future."
76561197992003047,Recommended,208730,11221350,"Posted: 13 July, 2014",all,VojtCZech,"I really Game of Thrones TV series, but after all those bad and mediocre reviews, I bought it at sale expecting a disaster from the GoT RPG. I was wrong, very wrong... Gameplay seems clunky and unintuitive at first, but with every new level and skill it becomes more tactical. The combat system resembles MMO games, player is not controling the battles personally, but he's putting abillities and attacks into queue and the character executes them in the given order.  You have to think about, what abillity you use and when, how to combine them to give the highest damage possible. Enemies use abilities too, but with the right skills there is a posibility to interupt them or avoid taking damage. You can deal serious damage by combinig the right skills of yours and of your companions, on the other hand, if you distribute your skill points badly and just click on the abillity icons, you won't get far... The most exiting part of the game however is the story. The story is mature, dark and full of twists. Choices matters, and some of them may bite your a** later in the storyline. It's not about saving the world, characters have beliavable motivations and their lines are well written. I really love, how Cyanide made the plot lines of both main characters merge into one and how they fit them into the world of GoT, with events from series happening on the background. Bioware should takes some notes from this, about how to write a story.Even though it does not have the neatest graphics, voice overs of secondary characters are quite bad and there are few clipping and pathfinding bugs, I enjoyed it from start to the end, sometimes the story left me with my jaw wide open, which I didn't experienced in a videogame for a very long time."
,Recommended,208730,11314110,"Posted: 18 July, 2014",all,Tryler,I only played a little bit and will fix my review when I have played more but it is a really good game. Though the controls are a little difficult the story so far was good and the graphics are very good. I highly recommend this game. Get it if you can.
76561198055771469,Recommended,208730,11173835,"Posted: 10 July, 2014",all,minnow1776,"This is easily the most underrated game I've played in a long time, if not ever. The story, characters, and the choices available to the character are all fantastic, and are reason enough for me to recommend this game to everyone.It's not a perfect game by a longshot (the graphics are outdated, the voice acting can be pretty bad, the controls are odd, and the combat system isn't groundbreaking), but it's leaps and bounds better than other games that OXM gives a ""10 out of 10"" to. The fact that this game got such a low rating shows what's wrong with the gaming industry (People who praised ""COD: Ghost's"" dog segments hated the dog segments in this game, even thought they're far better)."
,Recommended,208730,197052,"Posted: 28 December, 2012",all,Jesus built my Hotrod,"Yes, this game feels outdated, rushed and unpolished. The combat system is mediocre at best, there are lots of lengthy cutscenes with bad picture composition and lame voice acting (there are exceptions to the rule of course) and this is nowhere near your random favorite top notch RPG in terms of production value. But still, I found this game to be really entertaining and rewarding since the story was very well executed. I really recommend this game to any fan of the A Song Of Ice and Fire / Game of Thrones franchise, but keep in mind that you are playing this one for the story alone and not some fancy eyecandy. And while you're at it, grab the Beyond the Wall DLC as well, it may be short but it makes an excellent addition to the background story of one of the main characters in the game."
76561198014754649,Recommended,208730,13177215,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,Csesium Gaming,"It's a fantastic game. Visuals are good and the style matches the series fawlessly. Combat is fairly engaging and fun, and the RPG elements are significant and make substantial differences on how you play. The storyline is exactly what you would expect from a game set in the GoT universe, so top notch stuff. Highly recommend."
76561198082864735,Recommended,208730,12975589,"Posted: 16 November, 2014",all,Darry Doplus,I change my mind once you get past the first 3 parts of the game the story becomes really intresting.
,Recommended,208730,26795402,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,aughost,Despite of average graphics the game is story rich full of plot twists.I was impressed even was not familiar with TV series.Definitely recommended for Game of Thrones fans.
76561197985680385,Recommended,208730,26715876,"Posted: 20 November, 2016",all,OliTiv,amazing story
,Recommended,208730,25467164,"Posted: 11 September, 2016",all,Bats,"great game, filling in sides that the book/film dont.more a story driven game rather than true RPG, very enjoyable."
76561197984378901,Recommended,208730,30835207,Posted: 30 March,all,Gorg,The Game is real good and makes GoT feeling! Only bad thing is: since 3 Days Game doesnt start any more and say that ther is a heavy mistake ...
,Not Recommended,208730,24144897,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,Jão,Game is good But has SERIOUS GAMEPLAY Issues
,Recommended,208730,16667949,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,th3pr0ph3t,"Amazing story! Worthy of the title Game of Thrones.The visuals are good enough but the character's animations are bad.I didn't enjoy the combat mechanics so I played it in easy mode.If compared to the Game of Thrones game by Telltale, I'd say this one is better on all aspects."
,Recommended,208730,4343725,"Posted: 13 July, 2012",all,Night Shadow,"Graphics may be last gen and the combat sort of tame, but the story's good and there's some neat ideas in there. Underrated."
,Recommended,208730,2410214,"Posted: 19 May, 2012",all,Nals,"This game is actually good.It's got it's issues, but ultimatly, I ended up enjoying it far more then I did Dragon Age: Origins, or Dragon Age 2, the two major ""return of the oldschool"" style games of the past few years.Much like most Obsidian games, this one relies heavily on it's story, since the combat is passable at best, and it has quite a few tech issues.Probably the best $50 drunk buy I've ever made, if you are a fan of Game of Thrones, this is very worth it at $40, and even if you are not, it'd be very worth it at $30-$40."
,Recommended,208730,3587075,"Posted: 12 October, 2012",all,StinkySQL,"If I tried to make a game that was more unplayable and frustrating I am sure I would fail. Here is the holy grail. If you have blue birds on your doorstep, this will chase them away. Something good happen in your life, this can make you forget it. Utterly worthless even at 75% off. I've never played a worse interface. Yuck. Lame * 1 million."
76561198066774007,Recommended,208730,18389051,"Posted: 8 October, 2015",all,Azuresun,This is an amazing game I found on sale on steam.  I've played many other RPGs before but this is one where you really had to think hard about every decision and their long term consequences.  You don't get to create your own characters but you really get immersed in the ones they present to you with their complicated back stories.  Neither are 'bad' or 'weak' character types and there is still a lot of freedom to choose your class and develop them how you want.  It's the true art of role playing to act and think like someone from a differnt time.  You realize how difficult survival and finding allies can be very quickly in this story when everyone has their own motivations that don't mirror your own.  There are multiple endings which leave some things left unanswered but I enjoyed that since it gives room for the imagination to determine how you would react to the situation based on how you played your characters.
76561198042603995,Recommended,208730,8736912,"Posted: 16 January, 2014",all,travis.plank2,"The voice acting is atrocious. The story wasn't engaging at all. Development of the game began before the HBO series so any visual similarities to the show were shoved in at the last minute (mainly Varis and Cersei). The graphics are TERRIBLE (is that a beard or a grey brick pasted to your face?). The conversation choices have very little consequence to the overall experience.On the other hand, I had a blast learning the combat system and exploring the dungeons. I felt genuinely awesome when I could afford new pieces of equipment and the skills learned by leveling up added layers of strategy to the game.The developer is small, and they tried their best. Game of Thrones could make a GREAT game in the hands of a bigger developer, but for now we have this, and I'm surprisingly satisfied."
76561197980746678,Recommended,208730,874658,"Posted: 14 September, 2013",all,Grak,"I was hesitant to try this game because of negative reviews, but GOT RPG is now one of my all-times favorites. The story follows the lives of two war heroes, Alester Sarwyck and Mors Westford, after Robert Baratheon has taken the throne. Over and over I found myself asking, ""What would Mors/Alester really do in this situation?"" These true role-playing moments are hard to find in many RPG's because of weak characterization or their choices lack meaningful consequences. This is a game about the inevitable consequences that follow from making desperate choices between loyalty to one's social order and a more personal sense of right and wrong."
76561198042560253,Recommended,208730,4858277,"Posted: 17 September, 2013",all,AleAngione,"It's hard to say something about this game. So lets explain topic by topic why you must play this game besides all the bad reviews and the low(58) metacrtic.First of all : Ambience, sound, storyline, characters, relation to the original GoT series and books this game is a 10 of 10.Then why in the Seven or Rhllors name this game has such a bad score. Well...The game mechanic is horrible, the combat is dull and simple...which makes the game challeging ,not by its difficulty ,but for the hard time you have to compensate the terrible combat system(yeah, it is that bad.)So, put it on easy and enjoy the tale. Finish this game because the story itself is amazing, better than most actually.Overall, even with sucky combat system i would give this game a 6 of 10.If you just think of it as a movie it would be a 10 of 10.and if you only think about combat gameplay its a 4 of 10.Worthwhile to watch and see a original GoT tale."
,Recommended,208730,907935,"Posted: 27 September, 2013",all,dlyrium,"It's annoying how much this game got panned in the gaming media. I didn't play it for that reason, and that's a good 12 months of not-playing-it I want back!True, the graphics aren't amazing (but no worse than the likes of Dragon Age. Better, in some respects). True, the voice acting of anyone who isn't a main character is largely terrible (but the main characters are pretty awesome, especially Mors and Valarr). Whoever voiced Septa Ravella should actually be banned from the industry. ¬_¬But the story... the story picks the game up on it's back and carries it over the line, then runs around the track again for ♥♥♥♥♥ and giggles. If you're at all interested in games with great characters and stories, you NEED to play this game, especially if you're already a GoT/ASoIaF fan). The attention to detail is brilliant (I'm a massive pedant when it coems to ASoIaF, and even I only found a few things 'wrong' :p). Treat it like an interactive story with a few gaming elements, and you'll have a blast."
76561198027187881,Recommended,208730,8610651,"Posted: 7 January, 2014",all,Shamona,"I heard this game sucked, and because of every other GoT game I had played, I believed it. This game isn't perfect by any means, but if you enjoy the show you will probably enjoy the game. If you have read the books and you aren't playing this game you are stupid.The graphics are not top notch, the camera is sometimes a bit wonky (yet much better than any of those ♥♥♥♥♥♥ force unleashed games), and smaller ancillary characters are not voiced by the best actors. Those are my only complaints. I haven't beaten the game yet, but I'm enjoying the hell out of it.Both of the main characters are interesting and simply fun to play. Who hasn't wanted to warg into a nasty beast of a dog and rip throats out? Or setting your weapon on fire with the power of R'hllor before cutting down your enemies and converting the smallfolk to the Lord of Light?The game switches back and forth between these two characters, much like GRRM does in his novels. And as it is in the novels I'm upset every time I switch until I remember about the cool♥♥♥♥♥♥about to go down with the other character. Even my broke, bum of a friend purchased this game.Boosh and/or Kakow"
76561198029937384,Recommended,208730,13056282,"Posted: 23 November, 2014",all,D-Avid Gamer,"This game is very fun, but looking around and walking can be a bit jumpy."
,Recommended,208730,13066378,"Posted: 24 November, 2014",all,Woz,"No spoilers.This game got a really bad reputation for seemingly very little reason.Clearly this was a fairly small studio who have been thrown a license and tried to do a good job, and honestly they did. I think if they have more of a budget or more staff this could have been one of the all time great RPGs. The story is fantastic,  George R.R. Martin was definately involved in crafting this thing because it is also apparently canon, the houses and events are part of the actual story.It starts 15 years after Robert Baratheons rebellion, the story is told through two different perspectives through two characters. You start of with Mors, a brother of The Nights Watch fighting wildlings north of the wall. Then in chapter two you're introduced to Alestar, an exiled knight who deserted his family and lands to get away from his deeds during Roberts rebellion. Alestar fled to Bravos where he discovered the Lord of Light and became a Red Priest he returns to his home after 15 years for the burial of his father.I can't really say too much about the story because it's Game of Thrones (and believe me this is Game of Thrones), and I'm resisting the urge to quote Ramsay Bolton as it is so moving on.In terms of the game itself, it's serviceable for the purposes of delivering the story.To me it felt a lot like Dragon Age 2, but with more corners cut and I know people are probably freaked out by that notion so allow me to clarify. You will see multiple character models which are exactly the same, most of the time you won't notice but occasionally they'll be standing right next to each other. The combat is fairly lack lustre it's your basic ""select skills and wait"" simulator. Locations are quite small and not very impressive you do feel as though Westeros is a stage rather than a living breathing world dark and full of terrors.However all of this only prevents the game from being great rather than what it is, which is very enjoyable.It's an RPG which is way heavier on the RP than the G, and the choices you make do actually have very significant consequences so I advise you to save frequently just so you can satisfy your own curiosity."
76561198080599580,Not Recommended,208730,13048645,"Posted: 22 November, 2014",all,MandoCommando931,"Starting the game, if you take it seriously, it takes about an hour to set up your character skills. There is no real character customization, yet different armor looks different on the character model (Weirdly inconsistent). The combat is a direct rip of the original Witcher's combat, akward but functional. Very poorly optimized, my computer isn't the best, but nothing in the game justifies the slowdown as I move the camera. I can play Blood Dragon fine, why is this so laggy? The animation is pretty bad too, takes you out of the experience when the characters move their mouths like nutcrackers. The story is good but it doesn't justify buying the game, even as a fan. Can't recommend it at full price. Wait for a sale, like I did."
76561197971293504,Recommended,208730,507930,"Posted: 31 March, 2013",all,neon distraction,"This is the most complicated game I've played in some time. There are systems within systems, and the first couple of hours are full of so much tooltip reading. I was drunk when I installed it, which probably didn't help things at all.THAT SAID, if you can get through all the learning parts, this game is AMAZING. The story is exactly the caliber you would expect from something called ""Game of Thrones."" I start every game I play on the hardest difficulty, and in this game, that's perfect. Most fights require a little thought, and boss fights require very strategic micromanaging. Hard is hard, and WINNING on hard is a rush."
,Not Recommended,208730,12192205,"Posted: 22 September, 2014",all,Psyk,"You have to be a real fan of the series to sit through this one, very outdated game mechanics and middling graphics. The developers have a history of making little else save cycling games (Le Tour de France, Cycling Manager, seriously) I don't know why HBO liscensed them to make this game but it really shows. The difficulty is inconsistent and it's very jarring to find that in an RPG. Fighting street thugs was a kiting nightmare and yet I would go on to 1shot bosses skipping through their fight dialogue. The plot ties into Game of Thrones in a very subtle way that leaves the canon undespoiled. Ultimately it's hard to recomend, as based solely on the merits of the game and ignoring the Game of Thrones liscense it would be the worst RPG I've played. I'd watch a lets play."
,Recommended,208730,12223918,"Posted: 24 September, 2014",all,Negaro of the Nigers,"Has nothing to do with the main storyline, you get to meet like two characters from the show. It's frankly bad but if you're addicted to Game of Thrones the moments it gets right will be fulfilling enough for the rest of the disappointments.GOT fans - 7/10Non-GOT/ASOIAF fans - 5.75/10ASOIAF fans (hardcore fans) - 4.95/10"
76561198099041633,Recommended,208730,11048586,"Posted: 3 July, 2014",all,Nephal,I picked this up on the summer sale and it was easily the best purchase of the whole sale.  It is a really fun game with a solid storyline.  If you're a fan of the books or hbo series and like RPGs you should pick it up.  It is about the storyline and things happen that are outside of your control that people might feel is railroading but I feel it is very true to the song of ice and fire setting.  You won't spend hours managing your inventory or tweaking your followers.  Just play and enjoy the story.The DLC is bad... very bad.  Avoid wasting money on it.  I wish you could buy additional point of views as DLC.Martin's cameo is funny.
,Recommended,208730,7530323,"Posted: 31 October, 2013",all,Waffen,"Actually a quite beautiful game which seems very faithful to the lore of the books. The combat is the only real weak point of the game, though once you get into it you forget the initial clunkiness pretty quickly.A very solid and interesting storyline, though Mors is easily the better of the two characters the game continously shifts between. Hope they make a sequel, despite the bad reviews. A LOT more fun than any review lead me to believe."
76561198124207032,Recommended,208730,11063757,"Posted: 4 July, 2014",all,Daddy,"Very skeptical about buying this game at first, but as i enjoy watching the show it was a must buy (and should be for you if you enjoy the show) this game has a very immersive story that has multiple outcomes (which i am a sucker for) the storyline consists of 2 characters that you play as one is a member of the nights watch  Mors Westford who also has a dog companion and the other is Alester Sarwyck, a Red Priest and the rightful heir to the town riverwood which he trys to reclaim. Without giving away any more i throughly enjoy this game.  It gets better as you play, SO DO NOT QUIT EARLY :)Pros-Multiple choiceGood storyNot boring (switch between characters)Cons-Laggy whenever you move the camera (can be very frustrating, need to slowly move camera)didn't really enjoy combat, a lot like the witcher style would much rather have to go up to someone and stick a sword through them rather than being tactical :)7-8/10"
76561198005359687,Recommended,208730,10982194,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,scorpiodude1190,"A fantastic story driven game that will leave any fan of the Song of Fire and Ice series happy. This a purely story driven game that has the dark tone and twists that make the books and the TV series great. I will admit that the first few hours of the game is slow and it may straw people away from this game, but don't this game picks up the pace and never lets go. This game requires patentince and there are scenes that last for a very long time but are filled with great dialogue and even better characters.Many people complain that there hasn't been a great game that the series of Fire and Ice deserves, I would disagree with them. This game is a great compaianon piece to the world and lore of this sereies of the books and TV shows. This has a great and lengthy main story that will keep you on the edge of your seat. It was very hard for me to put down the controller once i started it. At over 20 hours it provide a lot of great sotry moments. Also the side quest do not detract from the story at all and adds an incredible amount depth to the story and the characters. If you do all the side quests it will add about another 10 hours to the game, I would recommand that you do so.The gameplay of this game is a little weak and has a very steep learning curve. I'm not the biggest stragiests, so when I found out that the combet requires to you really think, it took me a little bit to get used to. But once I put the effort into it it become very rewarding.The graphics are not that great but they make up for it in the art department and the ability to recreate areas fome the show and books. the atmoshere is thick with style and can bery nice to look at. The game play and the graphics are not what makes this game great though, that's due to story. Get this game for the story, you will be a happy camper if you do so.If you're someone that does not care for stories in games and only worries about gameplay, I would reccomand that you don't pick up this game. But if you are someone that love an incredible, darkcharacter rich and lore heavy story then this is the game for you.Pros-An amazing story that stays true(for the most part) to its source materail-Two wonderfull main characters that are great to play and level up-Two intersting intersecting stories that clash in a really great momnet-Fantastic vioce work from the main characters of the game-A Lengthy story that will keep you at the edge of your seatCons-Steep learning curve-First few hours are slow-Console port with no grahpic options escept for resolution (that can be changed by going into the invidia control panel and fixing that yourself)9/10"
,Recommended,208730,4176308,"Posted: 28 March, 2013",all,Saltlord For Hire,"""If this were called Dragon Age people would like it and it would be 10/10! People are just jealous of how great Game of Thrones is.""No, they aren't. This is an awful PC port and a cheap cash-in sanctioned by Martin himself. The controls are atrocious (just play with a controller. You'll be better off), the voice acting is sub-par, and the story is so predictable they should call it Bioshock Infinite.3/10."
76561197966471297,Recommended,208730,13580736,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,excedr1n,"If you like game of thrones, get this game.  It features a new plot (canon by GRRM) that fits nicely into the existing story with a minimal amount of retconning.  The voice acting is quite good, as is the dialogue, and clearly a lot of effort has gone into packing this game with interesting content and good storylines.  The moral choices are actually fairly reasonable for the characters, and you start actually seeing decisions from the characters' points of view, so that the decisions you make start matching with the characters' personalities.Gameplay is all right.  The combat is kind of dry MMO-y with the game dropping its trousers and swinging around DPS and so on, so it's nice that it doesn't mess around, but your influence is kind of limited and essentially consists of queueing up two different sets of attacks depending on whether you're dealing with groups or single boss enemies.Graphics are kind of meh.  Especially character animation.  It's hilarious how all the swordsmen of Westeros stand around in intense discussions with a hand on their hip like they're waiting for an exceedingly slow elevator.Buy this game for the story, and just live with the rest.  Oh yeah, and also definitely play it with an XBOX360 controller (or XBONE if you have it).  The controls are fine with a controller."
,Recommended,208730,13575279,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,LaRomanelo,"Despite its outdated graphics Game of Thrones RPG is actually a very good game which is really interesting to play. And I am going to tell why.First and foremost the main advantage of this game is the story. You play as two characters, one of which is a brother of the Night Watch and the other - R'hllohr's Red Priest. Each of them has his own story to tell and at some point their paths cross and continue to evolve together. Trust me, the story itself is a good reason to play this game^ though it may seem stale (the main plot being based on the king's ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s theme just as the book and TV series) it actually gets more and more personal for the protagonist which makes it captivating and worthwhile.Game mechanics are rather simple, combat system is based on utilizing a number of skills (three different class-dependent sets for each of the two characters)  and developing a good tactic for each fight - although simple enemies can be defeated rather easily or even avoided at all, defeating bosses usually requires some thinking.And, above all, the game has the same feel as the original Song of Ice and Fire books. Nothing is going to be okay, no happy outcomes, no happily ever after. You bet)Oh, and there even are some really great easter eggs) I spotted two, but I'm not spoiling it for you) Play the game and see for yourselves)"
76561198063710845,Recommended,208730,6322161,"Posted: 17 June, 2012",all,Barrel Rider,"While this game offers nothing truly innovative to the RPG genre as a whole, it's still solid. The combat is respectable, similar to Dragon Age. Where it makes up for its short comings is in a great expression of the depth of Martin's world and its captivating storyline."
76561198050962232,Recommended,208730,15031267,"Posted: 24 March, 2015",all,Lord Arkaine,"its like a love hate feeling for this game, the reasons are1stBUGGG, but its not a serious bug, i have encounter times where i got stucked but a little of save and load back the game, and it fine!2ndTHe story is epic good (without GOT knowledges), playing as a person without GOT knowledge its quite entertaining with the plot twist (no spolier alert) hahaha play and you know why3rdThe moment when your dog could bite throught knight's steel made helm, this game is the one to play LOLOL and the ♥♥♥♥♥ in the game, loves those n*pple clamps lol very funny4thGameplay is enjoyable, wish they make more features and more story :D cant wait for game of throne 2"
76561197970692526,Recommended,208730,448946,"Posted: 10 June, 2012",all,Xerkics,One of the Best Games ive played this year. The game starts out pretty weak and combat is bit meh but as the game moves on you realise just how well crafted it is. Every side quest is like the main plot quest of most other games meaningfull and well connected to the main story. Your decisions have meaning down the road. There are multiple ways of doing things. The only thing thats a bit weak there is that it is not always obvious what you are saying in conversations so might be worthwhile saving before conversation to avoid saying what you didnt mean. Combat does get more interesting with later levels but its turn based so probably not for everyone.
,Not Recommended,208730,21303942,"Posted: 18 February, 2016",all,Vexivian,"I immedietly noticed this game used the actual soundtrack from the series and has some actors from the series actually voice act their characters in the game. That's a big plus.It's unfortunate that the rest of the game makes it seem as if the entire budged was thrown at exactly that, and everything else was rushed or just left alone.There's constant flickering in some textures. When starting combat there's a very colorful, mosaic-like plane on the sword for a second. A lot of the animations are rather unnaturally looking. Example of this is heads turning far further back than humanly possible. Walking pases are off, the lip-sync looks like people didn't even try to sync it.. Being someone familiar with 3D modelling and animation I can tell you that this is rather poorly done. The textures are low resolution, too.The dialogue is rather cringe-worthy at times and there are a lot of aspects that make this game not hold true to the actual environment of the universe. One immediate example is the Night's Watch. In this game they have good armour, a lot of food, halls are lit and seem warm. Whereas we know that the Night's Watch isn't being looked after in the books and the show. They need men, they need supplies; they don't have good armour.The dialogue, as mentioned before, is pretty cringy. Something that seemed odd to me was (close to the beginning) that I, as Mors, got to carry out the death sentence of the first guy I track. That's a commander's duty, not mine. I'm some ranger, a good one yes, but I am still just a ranger. Some of the dialogue options you get are really bad and don't keep you immersed at all. Everything just seemed very forced.The combat is rather lackluster. This kind of combat is good (like in Dragon Age) but it has to be done well.All of this combined made it very hard to enjoy any of the story.I know this isn't a great review at this point, I'll probably edit and fill it out later. But as of now I'd say don't get this game unless you get it in some bundle. I'm sure there are some people who could find enjoyment in this, but then again there are people who enjoy Goat Simulator P:Jokes aside, I don't mean to bash this game; 3D animation and modelling is hard not to mention putting all of that together into a working game.Basically; some may like this and some may not. It depends on you, but I wouldn't recommend it. If you're really that GoT-starved that you need anything you can get, go for it.NOTE: my playtime is rather low, keep in mind I played this game offline, too."
76561198055366275,Recommended,208730,21328749,"Posted: 19 February, 2016",all,Sir Olorin,"Whatever you heard about it (And I heard alot of bad things about it) this RPG is awesome, a Must-Play for any fan of the Game of Thrones universe.It has some flaws, sometimes combat can feel epic, sometimes it looks dumbs, but in overhaul, the way Cyanide handled it make it a great game, ESPECIALLY the Storyline and the atmostphere. You feel like everyone is going to betray you, that everyone is plotting, even you have to start to plot at some point.This is a nice Game of Thrones RPG, with great characters and RPG aspects.Its not The Elder Scroll : A Song of Ice and Fire or Game of Skyrim, its just a good GoT RPG."
,Recommended,208730,15414082,"Posted: 17 April, 2015",all,mr. Rosling,"GoT rpg is a fun game but with it's flaws, the main story is great. Most sidequests are interesting and fun but the combat is genuinely bad which explains all the bad reviews,but despite the combat it is a good game and worth your money if it's on a <50% sale. I rate the game7/10"" the game is great if you don't compare it to the books/series it's based on."
76561198187476329,Not Recommended,208730,21471789,"Posted: 26 February, 2016",all,kyledblackwell,Well-rounded rpg but the camera is SO BAD that I just can't reccomend.
,Not Recommended,208730,21474047,"Posted: 26 February, 2016",all,MrFreakinTurtles,No.
76561198049409305,Recommended,208730,21973032,"Posted: 21 March, 2016",all,thing not a person,"My expectations for the game were low, but it turned out to be one of the best RPGs I have ever played. And I've played quite a few.It's impossible to escape comparisons to the first Witcher game, in good and bad. The game features set protagonists -- two of them, which you'll alternate controlling for the first 10 chapters, after which they'll adventure together -- and the role of the player is not so much to decide WHAT they do, but HOW they do it. This is a fairly rewarding affair, as each and every choice you make in dialogue is likely to have consequences. Often not large ones, but the game nonetheless does a very good job in acknowledging the player's choices.The protagonists themselves stand out even in the fantasy world, Alester being an exiled noble turned Red Preist trying to reclaim his lands and Mors a skinchanger brother of the Night's Watch. Alester can use many abilities tied to fire, most notably revealing hidden passages and other secrets, while Mors is able to take control of his dog, who can then scout ahead or execute stealth kills. Both are well-written, and the player is given enough power over their behaviour for it not to feel as though the story is simply something one pokes along.The story is of epic proportions. It took me nearly 60 hours to clear the game, though at the hardest difficulty I had to replay many a battle. This brings up one of my grievances with the game: Much too often, difficult battles would be preceded by long dialogue sequences which you'd then have to navigate through again if you died. Inexplicably, it's not possible to load a game during battle, even if it's clear you're going to lose, but are forced to exit to the title screen first.The game isn't exactly small, but the few locations you can visit definitely start feeling cramped once you've ran through them a couple of times. Budget constraints are evident in virtually every aspect of the game, again very similarly to the first Witcher game. Another similarity is the very inconsistent quality of voice-acting. The protagonists are well-voiced, and the game even features some of the cast from the TV series, but most minor NPCs are Staruday morning cartoon quality.There is a LOT of dialogue in the game, and that's what ate up most of my time playing the game. Unfortunately, a lot of that time was spent REplaying through dialogue, and not only due to the save mechanic cited above. The game employs a dialogue wheel, and each choice usually entails quite a bit of back-and-forth between the characters after the initial line. This often makes it difficult to predict what exactly will each choice make your character say and do. As yet another poor design trope, dialogue choices often inexplicably become unselectable unless you pick them in just the right order, and often it's simply impossible to ask a character all the questions you could without reloading, for no apparent purpose whatsoever.There isn't a great deal of combat in the game, but what little there is is very clunky and unvaried. There is a definite tactical element, certainly, and at a high difficulty you're almost guaranteed to find yourself having to reload and try different strategies after the current one led to defeat. But every opponent is basically just a human of one of the six playable classes, with just their armour, weapon and health varying, so it quite quickly starts feeling like you're just going through the motions with each fight. By the time the game was over I was only too glad to be done with this aspect of the game.Despite these problems, it's still a very good game. A gem in the rough, certainly, but a gem nonetheless. Definitely recommended for any lovers of story-driven RPGs. Quality of writing is high, and the story is even canonical, so here's your opportunity to add to the Game of Thrones mythos. :P"
,Not Recommended,208730,21002947,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,pohotu3,"The UI in this game is too terrible to get past. And it takes 15 minutes of mediocre, slow dialogue to get to the part of the game where you can actually do something.Unless there are changes to the UI, I probably will not pick this game back up, and I can't recommend that anyone else pick it up either."
,Recommended,208730,20781064,"Posted: 26 January, 2016",all,MarKo BlanCo,"I really like the story, graphics but was disapointed in the controls. Play with a 360 remote."
,Recommended,208730,2375181,"Posted: 10 June, 2012",all,arcad3mod3,"Entrainant, Histoire et dialogue sublime ! Je recommande ."
,Not Recommended,208730,21493280,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,JuiceyNinja,"The acting is pretty terrible, enough to make me not want to play past the first cutscene... If you can stand the acting it could be alright, but if like me you need to be immersed in a game to enjoy it, I would probably recommend passing on this one."
76561198113590474,Recommended,208730,21509449,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,GavinHorneUK,"If you like the stories of Westeros, then I would say that this is worth buying when on sale. The story in itself is very good, though the game is no where near as polished as it should be.The combat can be clunky as whilst it isnt turn based (You assign skills in a slowed down real time), it can be very repetitive and there are often clipping issues where the characters will either occupy the same space or ""vibrate"" when they are standing half inside a wall. The system itself though is pretty easy to master once you understand the roles of each character (I always use Mors as a Landed knight and so he ""tanks"" whilst Alester can damage the enemy)The quest system can be frustrating too if you are new to RPG's as if you miss a slight detail, you will pretty much fail the side quests. Most of the side quests can be completed over several chapters, but if you miss a specific pickup that starts the quest in the chapter where it has become available then you won't be able to complete the quest once you have moved on in the story. This can be awkward for achievment hunters.I do wonder how this story would have turned out if it had been developed by a bigger studio, as it is clear that the writers have tried to keep everything in keeping with the lore of Westeros. It does kind of feel like this game was made by a company who snapped up the license before anyone else could and then they rushed to push out the game to cash in.All of that being said, if you are a fan of Game of Thrones and old style RPG's then I would recommend you buy this just for one playthrough. If you arent happy with slow turn based combat and linear levels, then I simply would not. I would also say that this game is not worth the full price and you should wait until you see it on sale somewhere."
76561197992990897,Not Recommended,208730,20056612,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,Spooky Swamperson,"Even for 4 bucks its not really worth it. people say the story is good but over three hours into it and the story is barely starting, and with its torturous gameplay its not worth it at all. i tired to get a refund but alas it was to late. so maybe buy it  and play it for under 2 hours and decide whether or not you want to keep it."
76561198048841792,Recommended,208730,28149864,"Posted: 2 December, 2016",all,Rorschach,"Got that on sale, vaguely intrigued by its premises. Well, now that I just finished it I can say it truly is a diamond in the rough.Why a diamond?I'm a GOT Tv series fan (haven't read the books and I don't plan to, at least for now) and believe me, this game picks up all of saga's pace and spirit, bringing you a story which starts somewhat good and becomes even better and better as it unfolds before your eyes. You'll meet some of saga's main characters and you'll be hinted about others, but what matters is that Cyanide really crafted a very good story, with good dialogues and a good number of plot twists and secondary quests to keep you enticed. The two main characters, Alester the Red Priest and Mors the Black Crow, both have strong and complex personalities, and their backstories will intertwine in quite interesting ways.Why rough?Well, some players here hatefully despise its combat system. I don't. Sure, it isn't be the best around, but does its dirty job and it becomes rather intriguing once you get the grasp of it and once your characters acquire more abilities and powers. Characters animations and voices are...just meh. Could be better but also could be worse, nothing you couldn't stand. Ambients instead, unlike characters, are quite well designed.Camera may give you some headaches during combat, especially when you'll have to fight in tiny areas against many enemies. Nothing too shameful , just mildly annoying every once in a while.So, let's sum it: Do I recommend this game? Absolutely YES. Scratch under a layer of few and tiny drawbacks and you'll find a really worthy and fascinating story.Even full price is not too much, but if you happen to see it on sale don't pass it over, BUY IT."
76561198140039746,Recommended,208730,28399244,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,shibamistress,"I just finished playing this game.  It's ok.  I'm a big Got fan, so I thought it was worth playing, but nothing special.  It's a linear game, fairly basic, but it was kind of fun to be in Westeros, and I liked the warg abilitys Mors has (though much more could have been done with that, and I also did thing, damn, this short haired mastiff type dog would freeze to death at the wall).  I bought it when it was on sale and for the price I got it for, it was enjoyable enough.  I would have been disappointed at full price though:  graphics are so-so, voice acting is pretty ""meh"" except for Varys (voiced by the HBO actor).   If you're a GoTs fan, go for it if it is cheap.  Otherwise, there are probably better games out there."
76561198072995692,Recommended,208730,6709224,"Posted: 21 March, 2013",all,ObsoleteSpartan,"Amazing game for those who are entralled by Game of Thrones as a huge fan. Your characters are preselected and most choices end up with the same outcome, but it is still an amazing story and fun game play if you like the Dragon Age games."
,Recommended,208730,28516443,"Posted: 21 December, 2016",all,Insomniac_Ren,"Hardcore GoT fans = You'll be fully immersed from start to finish and more than satisfied to have experienced this game!Casual GoT fans = You'll notice some flaws, but the story and atmosphere are what you came for, right? You will more-than likely enjoy this game overall.""Kinda-but-not-really-that-much"" GoT fans = You should at least give this game a try if you enjoy RPGs... Keep in mind the storyline and characters are really the focus here.Non-GoT fans = Why are you even here? JK JK.. But if the 3 things I specifically mention below may ruin the game for you, then you might want to consider a different title of the same genre instead.[Was gonna do P's & C's but it looks like there's plenty of reviews containing those already.]Bottom-line:  7/10-3 points for frustrating movement/controls, clunky/repetative combat, and disappointing graphics.Pretty much everything else is on point.Hope this helped.[Edit: spelling and grammar]"
76561198024175806,Recommended,208730,28492458,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,Unrighteous40,love this game. want more Game of throwns games like this one
76561198024580187,Recommended,208730,3551188,"Posted: 29 September, 2012",all,Konrad,"Good (not great!) story, good combat mechanics, some tough choices, grim, dark and cruel world. And ABSOLUTELY no flashy-arcade♥♥♥♥♥♥"
76561198063026869,Not Recommended,208730,28345526,"Posted: 13 December, 2016",all,tanguy.piotto,"What you dislike about other GoT games you'll dislike in this one as well -- the feeling of there not being anything you can do because in the end you can't kill the bad guys cos they're in the tv show. Just like in game of thrones by telltale you feel powerless against your political enemies, which really takes the fun out of the game imo.Graphics and commands a bit rusty as well."
76561198085547121,Recommended,208730,28353246,"Posted: 13 December, 2016",all,Don'tTurnMyFrogsGay,"The combat was so bad I took a break. Eventually, I got used to the combat and just sort of accepted it. While this happened the story became even more interesting. Hence, it's a diamond in the rough. If you love Game of Thrones lore, you will love this game. It gives more choices than that dumb telltale ever will and doesn't leave a cliffhanger. I wish there's was a way to ignore combat because I found the story to be the only thing that kept me going.I enjoyed this game and there were times where I would say ""One more chapter."" and almost be late for work. Not a lot of games bring that type of mentality for me."
76561198126688748,Recommended,208730,28695822,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,Erylise,"I know that a lot of reviews indicated how poor the graphics are. On high I don't think they are bad at all.The storyline is great, combat mechanics aren't great but they aren't the worse I've experienced and I don't think they ruin the game.Overall I am pleased that I purchased it, and I'm enjoying the gameplay.Give it a go, it's just a couple of quid and you get hours worth"
76561198062664432,Recommended,208730,28880600,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,SleeplessDay,"If you have a Robert Baratheon like hunger for something related to Game of Thrones give this game a try, just try not to choke on the visuals or gameplay."
,Recommended,208730,28995522,Posted: 3 January,all,pompous_nate,"Lets be honest, is this game perfect? no. Is it a whole lot of fun? Hell yes. Granted I have not beaten the game yet. I already know I want to do another playthough. The story is very very good and the combat is kinda like Star Wars Knights of the Old Republic, meaning you que up abilities, and such. The story is ♥♥♥♥ing fantastic. It's 15 years after the rebellion and the actual show takes place 17 years just so you know. I mean I got this on sale for 5 bucks and I can honestly say I would pay full price for it."
76561198050705948,Recommended,208730,29854036,Posted: 11 February,all,Fartin Deer Man,"Everything sucks, but the story makes up for it"
76561198009919344,Recommended,208730,29883287,Posted: 12 February,all,Ma Wi,"So I bought this game during a sale, simply becausse it said ""Game of Thrones"" and ""RPG"". I always wondered why this wasn't a thing, since the story of Ice and Fire is just perfect for a RPG game.The game itself is definitly worth playing. If it were made in the 1990s it would have been the best RPG around, i felt very much reminded of Gothic. However, since it got released in 2012 it has to stand up to the expectations of today. And it cannot fully live up to these.First of all, the gameplay seems a little bit off. You have to use the right mouse button if you want to change the camer for better movement. The fights are in a ""stop to decide your actions"" manner and not as deep as the game wants you to believe. The graphics would have been good for a 2000s game. Espacially the missing details are noticable, in the graphics as well as in the world.On the other hand, the story is outstanding, interesting and once you get into it, you just want to know the end. It fits perfetcly into the world of Game of Thrones - intrigues, blood, a little bit of♥♥♥♥♥♥If you like the world of GoT, you will like the game as long as you can oversee the gameplay flaws or if you prefer to play games that feel like yesterday's games anyway..."
76561198032817696,Recommended,208730,30215553,Posted: 27 February,all,ashrak639,I did enjoy this game very much.But wouldnt use the Interface in German again. Sadly there are some typos which annoyed me during my first playthrough.I had no such problems replaying it in english and had a blast.Definitly recommending this game.
76561198181115117,Recommended,208730,18477738,"Posted: 14 October, 2015",all,BigBadWolf,"Well, the fight mechanics are terrible but the story is awesome"
,Not Recommended,208730,17875566,"Posted: 4 September, 2015",all,Stiora,playing Skyrim with Game of Thrones Mods is more funn then this
,Not Recommended,208730,1395789,"Posted: 31 March, 2013",all,Gaiyamato,"This game is nothing more than a few simple mechanics allowing you to walk (assuming you can find your way) between a seemingly endless series of cutscenes. Story is... ok.. just a snippet of some of the most boring portions of the books that vaguely attempts to tie itself in with the TV series. The Water Dancer mechanics don't really work, archers are useless. When not watching cut scenes or holding absurdly long conversations the game is little more than a treasure hunt with some random mindless killing. There is one puzzle, but it is so simple a child could solve it in seconds. The options for Mors have very little bearing on the story at all, not mych better for Alester - though at least some choice there. But bugs, wow so many little areas with glitches in them. I would not recommend that anyone buys this game at all, not for more than a few dollars anyway."
,Recommended,208730,10836145,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,Fukkboi,"If you enjoy Game of Thrones then you will enjoy this game. The contols are♥♥♥♥♥♥ The gameplay is very reminsint to that of Witcher 1 and of Dragon Age Orgins. But the story as expected is a spectaular whirl wind of emotion. The begining of the game is slow, very slow. If you can get through the first hour or so and I promise you want to play it to the end."
,Not Recommended,208730,35452975,Posted: 3 October,all,Luna licărire,The combat was too awful to enjoy. Storyline from little I actually saw was alright.
76561197972799492,Recommended,208730,35512483,Posted: 6 October,all,[DSL] Vlastan,"Underrated little gem!I have known of this game for a long time and despite being a fan of the tv show, i never wanted to play it because of the people saying it was clunky and visually dated. Eventually i buyed it on sale and was blown away by how wrong i was.The graphics are not as bad as i thought. The game is based on the tv show and has some characters modeled after the actors (a copule are even voiced by the same actors!). I was really surprised to hear the original musics of the tv series.But the best thing about this game is the story. It is an original tale parallel to the events of the first season of the show, featuring two incredibly well developed brand new characters which bring up themes and conflicts very dear to the general tone of the dark fantasy setting. You will be faced by tough moral dilemmas and gut wrenching plot twist that will leave you wanting to go on trough the main campaign until the end.Lastly the combat system is clunky at first but it become surprisingly fun and rewarding in terms of game strategy.I played the whole game with a xbox one controller and had no bugs.Ultimately i can't recomend this game enough for every fan of the tv show and rpg in general."
