user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
,Recommended,209000,32307027,Posted: 9 June,all,ozzyoscy,"An entry that doesn't add anything new at all and gives you more of the same, although the same is still 7/10 or 8/10.Same bad guys, same plot devices, same prison break shtick, same nightmare level, same environment as Arkham City (especially due to its lifelessness - no civilians, no shops, no parks or even a traffic light).This is a typical filler title, so it's very simple:- If you played the other games and want 20+ hours more, here it is.- If you thought the last one or two Arkhams were ok, but you're prioritising due to a backlog and would only play another if it was amazing and memorable, don't bother.- If you're new to the series, play Arkham City first instead."
76561198027999270,Recommended,209000,16854989,"Posted: 2 July, 2015",all,Eifersucht18,"‘On the Shoulders of Giants’‘Batman: Arkham Origins’ is a taut, immersive, if iterative installment in the legendary ‘Arkham’ series of games – which unfortunately comes in for more criticism than it ultimately deserves. Boasting a strong narrative, an expansive and atmospheric open world, and all the classic gameplay elements from the earlier titles, it is just about everything one might traditionally expect from a sequel.Campaign:Released by ‘Warner Brothers | Montreal’ in late-2013, ‘Arkham Origins’ is the third game in a series that revolutionized the super-hero Action-RPG genre and it does not stray from type. A prequel, set five years prior to 2009’s ‘Arkham Asylum’, it features a younger, more vulnerable Bruce Wayne, one still largely unknown to the citizens, criminals and constabulary of Gotham. The opening credits detail a mysterious break-in at Blackgate prison by local crime-boss ‘Black Mask’ who subsequently announces an open bounty of $50 Million dollars for the masked vigilante’s (Batman’s) head, drawing some of the world’s deadliest assassins to Gotham. An engrossing, well crafted campaign of twists and turns will take you across a broodingly atmospheric and expansive, open-world, filled to the brim with side-quests, collectibles, and cold-cases, amongst a veritable who’s-who of criminals, psychopaths and super-villains.Gameplay | Graphics | Sound:Gameplay is from a third-person perspective, aligned around the game’s 4 main pillars of Flight and Stealth | Combat | Detective Mode | RPG elements (of character upgrades and customization), and these are largely unchanged from the well developed mechanics from earlier entries in the series. Besides the XP-based upgrades to obtain new armor, skills and weapons, a challenge system tasks the gamer with accomplishing targets of scaling difficulty to unlock new takedowns and abilities. ‘Origins’ also introduces two new gameplay features - 1. Crime Scene Investigations and 2. A Multiplayer Component - ‘Crime Scenes’ is an innovative concept triggered at various points during the campaign wherein you are tasked with studying a crime scene, and identifying ballistics, DNA and forensic evidence in an attempt to recreate/solve the incident in a mini-game format. While novel, it is unfortunately somewhat shallow in implementation and thereby predictable, and has to count as a real missed opportunity in driving the series’ gameplay forward. Multiplayer features the ability to play as Batman, Robin, The Joker and Bane as well as various gang-members in a good variety of game modes which while completely serviceable, again seems largely tacked on and unnecessary. Finally, completion of the main campaign unlocks higher difficulty challenges with ‘New Game Plus’ and ‘Worst Nightmare’ modes, and good visuals, strong voice-acting and responsive controls (for both K&M | Controller) round out a well designed, feature-rich offering.Flaws:Quibbles include average graphics and poor textures in areas, stuttering framerates in others, and a confounding inability to grapple freely onto any surface during flight – a seemingly general lack of the ol’ spit and polish, and a sense that this is more ‘Arkham City v1.5’, than an entirely new game.Overall, ‘Batman: Arkham Origins’ succeeds in maintaining the legacy of the ‘Arkham’ series by capturing the essence of what it means to be the Dark Knight – be it through brooding atmosphere, an exceptionally strong narrative, a who’s-who cast of villains, a fun and effective combat system, fantastic boss fights, varied gameplay elements and all the toys and gadgets one would expect. Yes, it is iterative and quite similar to ‘Arkham City’, but keep in mind that it stands on the shoulders of two nearly perfect games, and fans of the series should enjoy it thoroughly nonetheless. Generally Well Recommended! – Rated (8.3/10)Want More Recommendations?Click the 'Follow' button on our Curator Page (Link Attached) to get the latest reviews updated directly onto your Activity Feed. Link:'Game Syndicate - Curator Page'"
,Recommended,209000,12442841,"Posted: 10 October, 2014",all,Dirk Dickbutt,"Batman: Arkham Origins is a prequel to Arkham Asylum and a sequel to The Land Before Time.You play as a younger and less handsome Batman, when he was just starting his career of ILLEGAL vigilantism and his parents were slightly less dead. But still very dead by normal human standards. The game takes place on Christmas eve, a time for celebration and also a time when the diner turns on its heater in the alley and I can be warm at night. A man called Roman Sionis,  Negrodomis aka: the Black Mask and totally the main villain for the entire game has hired several assassins to come make Batman like his parents for the low low price of 50 million Vietnamese Dongs. These villains include Bane, Deathstroke, Deadshot, and several villains you've never actually heard of.The combat is much the same as it was the last two games, only with a few more features, such as electric gloves that also double as a nifty way to power your cellphone. Much like a microwave. It also adds a few new enemy types, such as discount Jet Li, and roid-monsters. But old enemies return as well like the random mook, and of course those creatures I am deathly of: girls.Stealth is pretty much the same, only this time you also get an upgrade to your spider-man web in the form of a gun that allows you to strap people to gargoyles so you can wrap them up and suck out their juicy goo like the evil man-spider you are. You awful, awful monster.The collectible riddler side-mission returns, only this time it reminds me of my high-school years: long and heartbreaking. The riddles and Batman trivia is gone in favor of collecting datapacks that I spent more time doing than I care to admit. There are also these invisible icons left behind by some chump called Anarky, and much like the gay agenda, they are everywhere.The game itself is rather jarring compared to the first two Arkham games. While Rocksteady made a rather loving tribute to the Dark Knights in comic and cartoon, Arkham Origins feels much like the movies, taking many assets from the Dark Knight trilogy and clashing themes together much like the skin tone between me and my African twin. Though you can use one of the many skins for Batman after you complete the game, most of them tend to not fit with the theme the game is going for, so you're left out like a DnD nerd at a Fantasy Football meet up.The game also gives you the option of playing as Deathstroke in the challenge maps, a character that is rather easy to beat even on the hard difficulty and only shows up maybe twice through the entire thing. And even then, he's just a re-skin of Robin from Arkham City. So you're basically just playing as Robin during his rebellious teenage years.This all being said, would I actually recommend Batman's third crusade through the streets of Angsty Metropolis? I guess, if you liked the first two. The side missions are unfulfilling and the Riddler missions make me want to rethink my life choice as a professional street Luchadore. But the game still held my attention for longer than I care to admit, and I still like to look at Bruce's chisled jaw and amazing abs.That still doesn't make me gay.6/10. Did you know that the M on Mario's hat stands for Mario?"
,Recommended,209000,17019018,"Posted: 12 July, 2015",all,genkicoll,"There are definitely some similarities between Origins and its predecessors.  The action buttons are almost entirely the same, which was nice since I didn't have to learn an entirely new system.  There is a ton of content, we still have The Riddler as a background story, there are many optional side-quests and distractions, but it felt like there were *too* many distractions in this one.In Arkham Asylum and Arkham City, I never lost track of the main storyline, despite my frequent forays into side-quest territory.  Not so with Origins.  I can't count how many times I came back to my computer with absolutely no idea what I was supposed to be doing.  It felt aimless and repetitive, even when I was working towards a side-goal.One of the things I REALLY enjoyed about the first two games is the riddles we had to figure out.  Oh we still havetwo hundreddata packs to find (the predecessor to the Riddler trophies we saw in Asylum and City,) but no actual riddles to figure out.  I really missed them, and the data packs simply don't hold enough of my interest to make up for the lack of riddles -- I'm not even going to try to get them all.The in-game achievements would sometimes work, most times not.  I literally flew from one end of Arkham to the other, and never got the flying achievements.  It took four or five tries to get the notification that I'd taken down two criminals in a slide.  Just frustrating.Besides the irritation of not remembering where and what I was supposed to be doing, there was also the frustration of not being able to grapple places that clearly should have been accessible.  It was very obvious where we could and couldn't grapple in the previous games, so I don't feel like it's asking too much for this third game.  We DO have a quick-transportation option, which is nice, but I still would have liked it to be clear where we could and couldn't grapple just by looking.There *are* some improvements over the first two games.  For instance, when we are locating the ""extra special"" criminals (those holding information we need, etc) we don't have to save them for last in order to get the information.  If we want to, we can take them out first, then go back and interrogate them when the fight is over.  Another improvement is the crime scene investigation.  They've really added an element of interest to it, though in my opinion, they underutilized it.Origins is clearly the inferior product game-play and story-wise, but I still recommend it for fans of the series.  It was interesting to see how the back-story emerged, and I'm glad to have played it.  Next time, though, I'll know to skip a lot of the side content and concentrate on the main storyline.  I think that if I do that, I'll enjoy the game much more. :)"
,Not Recommended,209000,9048084,"Posted: 10 February, 2014",all,You Dummies,"Wow. After the previous Batman games, this one was disappointing. Redundant tasks and bugs that literally block progression in the story = really crappy. There are also no plans from the developers to fix *any* of the game-breaking bugs:http://www.gamespot.com/articles/batman-arkham-origins-has-no-plans-to-fix-several-game-breaking-bugs/1100-6417619/"
,Not Recommended,209000,12815828,"Posted: 6 November, 2014",all,milath,"As a fan of Batman, I had to get this. The game is mostly fine, good graphics and sound and such. Fun story and of course the fighting mechanics are still the main attraction here. However, I cannot recommend this title due to serious game breaking bugs. I managed to avoid most of them thanks to some research, but I've now fallen to one nearly 55% through the game. Currently stuck in a void and no amount of restarting or changes will fix it and thanks to the single save auto-saving system, there's no way to revert to an older save... This is clearly the sort of thing that should be found in QA. Now I have no choice but to restart the whole game. So, if you desperately want to play this game, just be sure you know there are many game breaking bugs that can completely wipe out your save. It's like playing Russian Roulette with your time. I lost 20+ hours. How much will you lose? And a good sarcastic thanks WB Games and the developers for not bothering to fix these terrible gamebreaking bugs."
,Recommended,209000,9742013,"Posted: 6 April, 2014",all,F4rseeR,"Arkham Origins is a great game with a very bad launch which makes it underratred. Different studio on an Arkham game means a different aproach, which in this case turned out to be a solid job. The gameplay is now brutal, there are more gadgets, the city is bigger and colder, the story feel more alive and the soundtrack helps making it all epic.The STORY is well written, has many epic moments and does it job at keeping you entertained and keeping your interest in, which is great considering it's a prequel. In this game, Batman is in his early days, fighting both criminality and law. In the night you're playing, 8 assassins mean to kill, all organized by the man behind a mask. There are characters like Joker, Bane, but new, even unheard ones from the past games, like Deathstroke, Firefly, and Shiva. The main story is great and the sidequests are a joy to do(only there you'll confront some of the assassins)The GAMEPLAY is brutal, fun and challanging on hard. Having more gadgets and moves keeps things fresh for an Arkahm veteran. There are regular thugs, armored thughs, brutes, martial artists, thughs with shields and armed thughs and there is a gadget, a move for each one of them. You have the dark knight system, which challanges you to do different things and gives you rewards which consists in upgrades and experience. The challange room is fun to play, but it should be approached after most of the upgrades are aquired. There is also a new game plus and new to the series, ""I am the night"" mode, which is the ultimate challange.The MULTIPLAYER is totally enjoyable. There are some things that tie in with the singleplayer, but aside from that, you can play as Batman or Robin, or you can be part of Joker or Bane's gang. Being a hero means intimidating both gangs, before they one kills the other and captures every point. You can even play as Joker or Bane, if you are the lucky thug to open the door for them.GRAPHICS are stunning, the game being the best looking Arkham to date. Also the texture models are a real eyecandy. It has the innovative thing of snow getting deformed at your movement, which is something available for every type of video card.The BUGS are solved now, haven't experienced any, but a crash while hitting the exit button. Gamebreaking bugs are solved now, but there are still some to report some problems.All in all, Batman Arkham Origins is a great game that does it's job of making you feel like Batman, a must own for every gamer, since right now it's the great game that you can enjoy. Even though I lost fate in this game after hearing the bad things about it, it turned out to be one of the games I couldn't stoped playing.The score I give it is 9.5"
,Recommended,209000,11067301,"Posted: 4 July, 2014",all,ownosourus,"The PC version of Batman: Arkham Origins is absolutely the best in terms of detail, smoothness, drawing distance and particle effects, though it suffers from a series of annoying glitches.For being a prequel to the Arkham series, this really kicks things off with a bang.Best story telling out of the series. Phenomenal voice acting.There's definitely some re-tread going on with Batman: Arkham Origins, but the combat, the relatively good story, the powerful feeling of being Batman in video game form has only increased my enthusiasm for the franchise.You can't go wrong with sticking to Rocksteady's Bat-formula, however it is starting to feel a little played out.Arkham Origins is a very good but very familiar game.It lacks the spice of originality that made the previous two games great.If you’re a Batman fan you should already have Batman: Arkham Origins."
,Recommended,209000,24302450,"Posted: 13 July, 2016",all,Cardus,"I think this is actually a great entry in the Arkham series.Everyone ♥♥♥♥♥ on this game because it's not made by Rocksteady (Developers of Arkham Asylum, City and Knight) but I don't see the problem with it, it's a pretty awesome game.Pros-Batman-Freeflow combat rocks, it's so good yet simple, many games tried to mimic the Arkham mechanics (Like TASM2) but can't quite get it right.-Stealth mechanics.-Big Open world to explore full of criminals.-Interesting story with surprising twists.-Full of neat easter eggs and amazing attention to detail.-Amazing voice acting-Lots of content: costumes, side missions, challenge maps and even Deathstroke as a playable character!-Online modeCons-There are quite a number of bugs, I remember that the first time I got into the Batcave I got stuck near the Computer and Batman kept walking in a loop (Yeaaah, a glitch that forced me to reset the game on the first 15 minutes is not a good sign)-Sometimes the controls can be a bit awqward, in some occasions I wanted to counter the enemy's attack but for some reason Batman took out the disruptor, it can be pretty damn annoying when you get a great combo and it's all gone because the game messes up.-Sometimes the enemy variety is not right. Fighting two enemy types at the same time? Alright. But fighting a guy with venom, a freaking armored criminal, some guys with guns...It's extremely difficult to keep the combos going and it's a stupid way to make the game harder.I love the game, it does have some flaws but they are really minor ones and I still think it's a worthy sequel (Or prequel, whatever) to Arkham City. Not only a fantastic Batman game, but one damn awesome Action game in general."
76561197997816815,Recommended,209000,7750107,"Posted: 25 November, 2013",all,EmperorJoker,"Single Player Mode:The game starts on the end of year 3, when everyone in gotham is starting to realize that the batman isn't a hoax, but real.On the height of Christmas Eve, Black Mask sends contract killers to find and kill the bat before dawn.Over the course of the game, More and more villains enter the fray and do battle with the bat, Including the police force headed by the corrupt Police Commissioner Loeb and S.W.A.T officer Brandon.This game depicts the batman's rise from hoax to legend in one night.Multi-Player Mode:After enduring the generic insanity that is the COD and BF franchise, I congratulate splash damage for making something really original.While i admit there are some stupid things about multi-player, Like progress not saving or credits not giving out which happens rarely, (I still haven't had that happens to me yet, Thank god!) The Multiplayer mode is pretty fantastic!And then there's the gaming community who don't know how teamwork works or just don't care about it, Ragequitting in anger when shot or taken down multiple time's.Story: 9 out of 10The game starts off pretty slow until the steel mill, Then it kicks into overdrive!Controls: 7 out of 10While the controls are the same as the previous games, they feel a little sticky and sluggish.Gameplay: 6 out of 10Despite being the same from the previous games, WB Games Montreal decide to make the combat harder, Sending large groups of normal thugs at you even at low level, Making the Electrocutioners's glove's a top priority if you wan't to survive longer in the game, (And don't get me started on the sniper's in the diamond district!) The Boss Battle's are really fun and engaging refreshing pace from the dull combat we are used too.Extra Content: 10 out of 10The Sidequests and the optimal Challenge mode makes for replayability, But the real meat on the bone is New Game Plus and I Am The Knight mode. (Never did that one, Because i'm too scared to try.)Overall Score: 8 out of 10Final Thoughts: After a pretty unstable release, Its still a pretty good addition to the franchise, It might not be better than Arkham City, But then again i never expected it too.Now to wait for the next game..................................soon"
76561197980209035,Not Recommended,209000,8516181,"Posted: 2 January, 2014",all,Circle's End,The amount of bugs is just too damn high!
,Recommended,209000,25020539,"Posted: 19 August, 2016",all,Dead By Saturday,Why did the Police hate Batman?I mean Batman is only guilty of...-Assault-Breaking and entering-Trespassing-Theft-Tampering with evidence-Obstruction of justice-Resisting arrest-Assault of an officer-Property damage (public and private)-Failure to report a crime-Hacking-Wire fraud-Ilegal Wiretapping-Money laundering (to cover up how he could afford all that♥♥♥♥♥♥in the batcave)-Driving an unregistered vehicle-Reckless driving-Flying in restricted airspace-Building without a permit-Endangering the welfare of a minor
76561198048119948,Not Recommended,209000,15756771,"Posted: 9 May, 2015",all,Apex,"Don't get me wrong, I love batman games, but this one just felt insanely cheap.Combat is exactly the same except for an extremely overpowered powerup you get about halfway through the game, which completely destroys the purpose of special enemies.As far as the main story goes, it took me just under 10 hours to complete, and felt insanely boring the whole way through.The whole way through this just felt like an arkham city DLC, with the only difference being slightly better graphics and different enemies.The side missions aren't very exciting at all and the collectibles are just too boring to collect (coming from someone who collected every single riddler trophy and riddle in arkham city) and are not rewarding at all.This game is not worth the full price, and you shouldn't play this with very high expectations."
76561198074661529,Recommended,209000,25364042,"Posted: 5 September, 2016",all,Sniper Wolf,"I waited for a long time before playing this game. I felt like it was just a 'cash in' because it wasn't made by the original developers. Now that I've finally played it, I admit that I was wrong.Arkham Origins is a decent game and I have enjoyed playing it. The graphics are an improvement on Arkham City and the story is very good. The developers seem to genuinely care about the character too. As the game is loaded with really cool Batman related content.Of course it uses the same engine, as the previous games in the series, so that helps. However the game also creates it's own powerful athmosphere with it's Christmas Eve setting. The snowy Gotham City, great music and some really cool attention to detail, sucked me in to this take on Gotham.The game can be a bit buggy though and it crashed on me a few times. I was still able to enjoy myself and it looks great running at a mostly stable 60FPS. However there are occasional FPS drops in some areas of the open city.Origins is definitely worth playing as part of the Arkham Series. It's filled with cool content and is often on sale for a rediculously cheap price. However if it's a choice between this and one of the other games in the series. I would choose the others, simply because Rocksteady games were the innovators of this type of Batman game and their titles are more interesting and more fun to play.Arkham Origins probably was made just to 'cash in' on an already successful series. Thankfully though some people who really care about the character got on board and managed to make a pretty good game."
76561198139834328,Recommended,209000,16815440,"Posted: 30 June, 2015",all,SHERRY MJ,i loved this game it was pretty funthe story was really coolthe boss battles were challengingthough i found that the minions was harder than the boss battlesBut over all i give it a 8/10
,Recommended,209000,20058408,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,Dominator Bob,"Extremelyunderrated game.This may be the worst Batman: Arkham game in terms of gameplay, mechanics, and polish (haven't played Knight yet), but that doesn't mean it isn't just as great of a game as the others. Sure, there are a few minor glitches and the design isn't as polished as the other Arkham games, but it was still loads of fun and the story kept me coming back. Speaking of the story, Origins' story may be the best story in the Arkham series and is definitely the best thing about this game. The writing is phenomenal and serves as a fantastic origin story to the Arkham series. I immediately bought Roger Craig Smith's portrayal of a young Bruce Wayne. Although Troy Baker's Joker took a little getting used to due to my obsession with Mark Hamill's Joker, Baker's Joker grew on me and I now love him (almost) as much as Hamill's Joker. Additionally, this game easily had the best boss fights in the Arkham series up to this point.Don't let this game's reputation as the worst Arkham game stop you from buying this game. It's just as enjoyable as the others, and I highly reccomend it, especially for the story and boss fights."
,Recommended,209000,29746404,Posted: 6 February,all,Technobreaker,"There isn't much to tell about it really. Batman Arkham Origins was done by WB Montreal instead of Rocksteady and from what I've heard, they had only a few months to make the game so, they basically copied the mechanics of Arkham City, added some new gadgets, expanded the city, and changed the story. That's it. Batman Arkham Origins is the bugged version of Arkham City with new enemy types, new gadgets, expanded city etc. Cutscenes and boss fights really stood above first two games, though. They also added online but servers will be shutted down soon so, there's no point explaining it. It's still a great game despite the bugs so, I think it worth playing."
76561198174014983,Recommended,209000,24804256,"Posted: 9 August, 2016",all,AbdiTheSerialDabist,"While this title in the Arkham series dosent adhere to the visual standards set by Asylum and City, it is still an enjoyable edition to the franchise.Pros:- Intresting Story- Excellent voice acting- Has replayability value- Lots to do, map is filled with network relays, datapacks, informants and sidemissions- Boss battles are some of the best in the series- Added the Batcave (Finally!)- AlfredCons:- Half of the map was made with assets reused from Arkham City and is fairly bland- Not even close to as detailed as the previous games- Far too many bugs- Combat is decent but has a fair amount of kinks- Fails to innovate and set itself apart Arkham CityRating: 7/10"
,Recommended,209000,11943344,"Posted: 31 August, 2014",all,pepsimanvsjoe,"Let's start with the short review:The third entry in the Arkham franchise is good, but it's also superfluous. If you're looking for more Arkham, then by all means don't skip this game. That's what I was looking for when I started Origins, and I wasn't disappointed. I consider this game superfluous because it really doesn't do anything better than Arkham City. Indeed, in some cases it's pretty lacking.And now for the long review:The story to Arkham Origins is...well I'll be vague here. There's a bounty on the Dark Knight's head and eight villains are looking to collect. It's up to the player to put a stop to this nonsense and save the day. The pacing and story are a bit uneven, with a number of segments feeling like they're not really going anywhere. There's a distinct lack of great set-pieces, those moments that really define the Batman experience. That's not to say there isn't any, but they tend to get clumped together. It's like wow give me a chance to breathe here. There are even a couple objectives that seem to exist, solely to make sure Batman is in a particular place, so it doesn't break the next objective. Still the story definitely has its moments, the characters are well-done, and by the end I had a good sense of what WB Montreal was going for with the plot.Next up there is the city. On one hand I like that unlike Arkham City, Gotham doesn't have The Riddler's ????? fetish on display around every corner. His trademark riddles are around, but they blend in a bit better with the surroundings. It's less guady, which counts for a lot. There are some nice details throughout the city. Overall though I can't say I'm too fond of it. Arkham City's..uh...city is more stylized, which is understandable since its villainous inhabitants have dressed it up to fit their personality. Still, I was expecting something a bit more gothic and ornate. There are elements of that and yet sometimes the city can look just plain. Aside from the aesthetics, Arkham City simply had a better design and ""flow"" to it. It felt like more time was spent creating a slice of Gotham that the player could really move around in. Origins on the other hand, can feel just a little bit clunky.Then there is the combat. The Arkham games are divided into two styles of action. There are the melee-oriented ""Vigilante"" brawls and the stealthy ""Predator"" rooms. The goal is typically to defeat all the bad guys, with better experience rewards doled out to stylish players who take advantage of Batman's numerous abilities and gadgets. WB Montreal has done a fine job with both styles. In some cases the brawls aren't quite as tight, and I've had some odd dropped combos, but nothing really stands out as poor. Predator encounters are pretty much 1:1 with the previous Arkham games. There are also the occasional boss-fights, which can take elements from the core styles, or be a little unique.Now then, the big complaint I have with Origins is that they didn't really add anything new. There are a handful of new gadgets for handling Batman's foes, but nothing really inventive. There's the shock gloves sure, but they're ridiculously strong. They chew through every possible defense and add to the combo multiplier at a rapid rate. As fans are well aware, successful vigilante is constantly changing things up, using all of Batman's maneuvers, and keeping a flawless combo going. The gloves simplify things a bit too much. Batman also gets a few new gadgets for his predator encounters, including the ability to string up three criminals to gargoyles from a safe distance. They're not nearly as overpowered, but I have to restrain myself just a bit more to keep things from getting too easy.Of course this is all balanced by the bad guys getting a bunch of new equipment....right? Oh, oh no. This is where the lack of fresh content sticks out. There really aren't any new types of bad guys, nor are any new methods developed to help them spot Batman when he's stalking them. Everyone is still wielding bats or pipes, late-game guys get stun batons, and it's certain they'll get the bright idea to carry riot shields or car doors around. The combat is still good, but it's just more of the same.This feeling of sameness extends to other moments in Arkham Origins. An encounter with Deadshot is oddly reminiscent of the final battle between Catwoman and Two-face, the boss-fight with Firefly is eerily similar to the one with Poison Ivy back in Arkham Asylum. As these battles play out I get that familiarity that really shouldn't be there. It's difficult to feel that sense of accomplishment when there's a little voice in the back of my brain saying ""What are you celebrating about? You've done this before."" The names and locations change, but too many other elements don't.As far as concerns the rest of Arkham Origins content. There is the usual collection of vigilante and predator challenge maps, additional playable characters, and...multiplayer? I'll be brutally honest here, I played one multiplayer match, and that was it. What can I say? I'm not much of a competitive MP person. The multiplayer seems to be retaining its popularity well, as I got into a full match within seconds of starting up. Honestly I'd be satisfied with something a bit more simple and direct, Batman & Robin teaming up to put the hurt on some thugs. Maybe there could be some more advanced vigilante and predator maps to keep things balanced.All in all, despite Arkham Origins not really doing anything new or improving on its predecessors, I still recommend it. Why? Simply because it's more Arkham. Yes, really, that's absolutely it. Am I shallow or what? Rocksteady struck gold when they developed Arkham Asylum. Now they have a model that can be applied to any and all future Batman games and I'm likely to eat it up everytime. As long as the quality remains at moderately-high level I'll remain a fan. Although I hope that with Rocksteady developing the next game, they include a slew of fresh game-design changes and additions. If the fifth Arkham game turns out to be a retread, I hope it's at least a retread of Arkham Knight and not Arkham City."
,Recommended,209000,34775136,Posted: 6 September,all,Bass][e,"★★★☆☆Origins is without a doubt the worst game of the four Arkham games (excluding the Origins Blackgate, which is totally different). Unlike the three other Arkham games made by Rocksteady, WB Montreals is unpolished, unoriginal and kind of dull.Although I don't think this game is bad, it is a dissappointment in basicly every way you look at it. The story turns into another one of those 'with a certain character in it', who is revealed about 2 hours in. For a lot of people, including me, that was really a bummer. As a side note the grey-ish environments - that seem off-scale compared to the size of Batman - is boring to look at, despite the almost omnipresent chirstmas decorations.For others, its the large amount of errors and bugs that is inherent with this installation of the series. I experienced crashes and weird enemy behaviours (e.g. getting stuck in walls and frozen animations), but others suffered from more severe ones, like falling through the ground upon restarting from checkpoint. In that case, the player has to restart the whole campaign! I also happen to own this game for the Wii U, where the textures sometimes take forever to load in, making the world look extremely muddy and low poly.That reminds me: after playing for 1 hour, I noticed how flat the environmental textures appeared. It turns out that it is a common glitch where HD textures would never load in. This is solved by opening a certain ini file in the games folder and changing a value from 0 to 1.As for the gameplay, I'd say its just alright. The combat feels great, when it works. Often times I felt like my button inputs didn't register causing me to lose that crucial combo. Another dissappointment (in the main game) is the aweful amount of combat, in contrast to the amount of stealth segments. One of the prominent things that change up the pace from the combat, are the stupidly-easy riddler trophies (or in this case datapacks), that even the most simplest animal can solve. Like: sliding under a fence and....solved!As a completionist, this game is a chore. Not only the above mentioned datapacks are redundant, but also smaller achievements like 'listening to everything Alfred has to say' require more attention than you would want to give it. If you're aiming to get all the achievements, than you'll notice that there isn't a reason to check out the Initiation DLC, as the devs didn't even add the 2 achievements for those on Steam. Even worse, the multiplayer mode has been officially closed since july 2017, making about 10 achievements unobtainable.Oh, some achievements are bugged for some players too.The Cold Cold Heart DLC on the other hand is really well done and worth checking out! The main game though, despite the memorable bossfights, is lackluster."
,Recommended,209000,32855802,Posted: 27 June,all,Bilbo_Swaggins hellcase.com,"The Main Game & CampaignI have no idea why I havent reviewed this game yet, however, in my opinion, it is one of the underrated Batman games in the Rocksteady Arkham Batman series. I don't remember the story to its full extent, because I haven't played the campaign since I beat it years ago. However, I remember enjoying it and having plenty of fun. It had Deathstroke, Joker, and first time encounters with him, which was interesting. Also after you have beaten the game there is plenty of side stuff to do with Deadshot, Anarky, Mad Hatter, Riddler... ETCThe MultiplayerThe mode described below is called Inv Predator Mode or something like that.This gets its own SEPERATE paragraph because it is so great and underrated. Not nearly enough people play it and its very enjoyable. Its fairly hard to find matches, but when you do, it is a real treat. You either play as a thug of Bane or Joker, defending yourself with a assault rifle, shotguns, other primary weapons, grenades, and drones that BLOW up or KILL the opposing thug or Batman & Robin. You have to take control of the area and be cautious, watching for the opposing thugs and those caped crusaders! Or, you can play as Batman or Robin, and you must build fear upon both thug teams to win, and to defend the area from control of the thugs. Once again, this is extremely fun and albeit being fairly difficult, it makes for a thrilling, unique Batman experience. There is another mode, but not as popular, called the Hunter & Hunted, but I have no clue of what its about because I never had the opportunity to play it.Edit 1:After some research however, I found that in the Hunter & Hunted mode there are 3 Bane and 3 Joker thugs, and they throw Batman in the mix. Its a sort of free-for-all. Everyone has only one life aswell.ConclusionBatman: Arkham Origins is a unique, underrated, and fun filled entry into the Rocksteady Arkham Batman series, and the online mode only builds upon this overlooked and unique title. If you enjoy the Rocksteady Arkham Batman series, you will certainly enjoy Batman: Arkham Origins!Edit 2: Thanks to everyone that thinks this review is helpful, even though it was written in a matter of minutes and I was dumb enough to write this despite totally forgetting the whole story of the game!"
76561197993638278,Not Recommended,209000,8536061,"Posted: 3 January, 2014",all,Chadman,"IT IS A SLOPPY MESS, stuck for over 2 weeks waiting for the developers to write a scripting patch........This is what happens when WB gets their dirty little fingers in it.DONT BUY THIS POS game till it actually is fixed, man I paid full price too :("
,Recommended,209000,24583533,"Posted: 28 July, 2016",all,BYEBYE Farmskins.com,Better side missions than most games whole singleplayer campaign.BUY IT!
,Recommended,209000,35051488,Posted: 18 September,all,LockeProposal,"Somewhat rehashes, yet very enjoyable // Recommended to round out you action-games selection+ Surprisingly well-written plot+ Very, very strong voice-acting+ Crisp & fluid combat system that flows well+ Fantastic, extremely enjoyable boss fights+ Investigating crime scenes is extremely well-done, & reconstructing them feels like a novel experience (even if you're not actually DOING much)+ Detailed, generally impressive environmental visuals+ Gadgets are just as fun as always+ Leveling system now has a grading system added to xp gain (does increase rewards a bit); goes the extra mile to reward smart thinking & planning your encounters- Where are all the people? Gotham City feels very underpopulated- Multiplayer servers are officially shut down; definitely a shame, becuase it looked to be actually very fun- Many of the mechanics, & even a few of the playable areas, felt painfully recycled from previous entries in the series- Lots of recycling NPC skins- Mouth animations are jarringly atrociousLockeProposal's Big Day OutCommunity GroupCurator PageSerious Steam Reviews subReddit"
76561198036738177,Recommended,209000,30583217,Posted: 17 March,all,Cowman,"Personally?  I thought the game was awesome.  I loved the voice acting, the graphics, the combat, and the story.  I don't really understand why people dislike it.  I think I'll give it another playthough!"
76561198032449996,Not Recommended,209000,8519848,"Posted: 2 January, 2014",all,DVDA Suicidalslinky,"Despite Arkham Origins being an excellent game in its own right, it's hard to ignore the Arkham City comparison. Warner Brothers took no risks with Origins, and the few changes they made were for the worse. Everything in Arkham Origins is an exact replica of Arkham City, except with different buildings that you go into and obviously a younger story.The only thing that's stopping this game from being completely pointless is the story. Seeing the characters when they are younger is quite interesting, but the story lacks focus it jumps around too much.The multiplayer is tacked on, and doesn't even work most of the time on PC. The concept and class system and stuff is all just flawed and tacked on for the sake of it. Overall, Arkham Origins has solid foundations but fails to expand upon them."
,Not Recommended,209000,28281648,"Posted: 9 December, 2016",all,ABG,"“Well, at least we can all agree the third one's always the worst.”Jean Grey,X-Men: Apocalypse(2016)Batman: Arkham Originsis the 3rd entry in the Batman franchise, a prequel toAsylum.Notably,Originswas not developed by the original developers Rocksteady, instead it was made by WB Games Montréal. And oh boy, does it show.Story:Set 5 years beforeAsylum, Originsportrays a young Batman who has yet to become the superhero vigilante. The thugs and criminals are afraid of him, the police even more so. On Christmas Eve, a hit is put on the Dark Knight by Black Mask. $50 million for the head of Batman, with 8 supervillains competing with each other for the bounty. It could have been neat story, butOriginsfalls apart in its execution and gameplay.The first part is the believability of the story. Batman has not met any major villains, yet in one night, goes up against the Joker, Bane, the Riddler, Penguin, Black Mask, Killer Croc, and the Riddler. Not to mention the other B-D list villains such as Electrocutioner, Copperhead, Shiva, Mad Hatter, Deathstroke, Firefly and Deadshot. It’s unbelievable that Batman encountered every one of them for the first time in the same night, much less beat them all.Origins’story lacks any tension. We all know that Batman will survive, we all know the fates of nearly all the characters. Origins is an unnecessary game, because we already know what’s going to happen. There are prequels that still told compelling story, adding to the story rather than detracting from it, (Deus Ex: Human Revolution, Wolfenstein: The Old Bloodare great examples) butOriginsdoes not. It’s telling an origins story we already know the ending to, and is an unnecessary addition to the franchise.The most obvious example of this lack of tension comes near the end of the game.Bane, having discovered Batman’s secret identity as Bruce Wayne, goes to Wayne Manor and seemingly kills Alfred. It’s worst parts of the story because we already know how it ends. Alfred isn’t dead, Bane doesn’t know Batman’s secret identity in the later games, it’s an utterly useless plot point.The only scenes I found myself enjoying were the ones with Joker. Though I still wish he hadn’t been the main villain yet again, especially after that bait and switch(IT WAS ME ALL ALONG),he’s the most entertaining part of the game. The moment where he meets Batman for the first time(the best scene in the game),watching Batman come to grips with his yet to be nemesis, those segments were easily the most interesting parts of the story. The rest of the story is a convoluted mess, too many villains and no sense of direction.http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=781433080Gameplay:Originsis one of the few games I’ve played where the core gameplay actually got worse. It still uses the Freeflow combat system, but something felt… off. Timing is irregular, where in previous games there was a consistent rhythm to the combat, it’s completely absent fromOrigins.Animations are janky, there’s a distinct lack of polish. The new gadgets are uninteresting and there are no new moves, whereasCitygreatly expanded the combat variety thatAsylumwas lacking,Originscopies the combat ofCity,and somehow made it worse.Worst of all are the visibility issues when it comes to differentiating enemies. Handling Brutes (the big armoured enemies you needed to stun first) was important inCity,you had to keep an eye out for them or risk losing your combo. InOrigins,Brutes are near indistinguishable from common thugs, where inCityyou could spot them instantly even in the heat of combat due to their distinctive armour and larger stature, the same can’t be said forOrigins.On the subject of reused features, the entire ♥♥♥♥ing map ofCityis reused. There are minor differences (5 year time gap), but when half of the map inOriginshas been an area identical to the previous game, it feels like such a lazy design choice, as if the developers couldn’t come up with any original ideas. Given how muchOriginsborrows fromCity, they could have at least made a whole new map, instead of reusing half of Gotham and calling it twice as big as the previous game.Originsfeels like a cheap knockoff compared to the previous two games, it copies the same mechanics and does nothing new. Mad Hatter missions play like worse versions of the Scarecrow bits inAsylum,“new” gadgets are just the same ones but under a different name. It’s the same… but worse.And the boss fights are awful. Though the bosses inAsylumwere weak,Cityshowed that the Arkham games could make creative bosses, from the spectacle of the Ra’s al Ghul fight to the hide and seek game with Mr. Freeze, which at the time was one of the most creative boss fights I’d played. The bosses inOriginsfor comparison are laughably bad. Remember that Poison Ivy fight inAsylum?All the bosses are essentially that. You beatdown the boss for a bit, perform a QTE counter, use a specific gadget when they’re vulnerable, then repeat the exact same sequence over and over until they’re dead. EVERY boss uses this same formula, and every single fight feels anticlimactic because of it.The only new feature I enjoyed inOriginswas the newly improved crime scene investigations. While in previous games, investigating crime scenes boiled down to “scan for the highlighted object and follow the trail,”Originsexpands on that idea by allowing you to rewind time and recreate the crime as it happened, and look for clues at specific instances. It still is the same idea for the most part, but is more involving than walking around and scanning the area, and was a nice addition.Graphics and art design:Oddly enough,Originslooks graphically worse than its predecessor. If I were to guess why, it would come down to the art design of the game. Previous Arkham games had a very strong art direction and had a surprisingly good use of colour.AsylumandCitywere colourful games, and to this day they still look great.Originsin comparison lacks the strong art direction, and it’s noticeable. The game looks flat, has terrible lighting, too much grey and brown. It’s not a visually appealing game. It may be my imagination, but the textures looked worse on max settings compared toCity.Just look at Killer Croc inCitycompared toOrigins,and you might see what I mean.http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=386749054Soundtrack and audio:I can’t remember a single song. It’s not like the Arkham games had bad music either,AsylumandCityhad some memorable tunes, but there didn’t seem to be any recurring leitmotifs inOrigins.Voice acting ranged from mediocre to bad, notably Batman and the Joker have different voice actors this time round. Mark Hamill will always be the true Joker, but Troy Baker does a fairly good job of playing a younger version. At the very least, you have to respect his impressive range, even if it does feel like he’s chasing Hamill’s spotlight here. The rest of voice cast is bland and uninspiring, especially Batman’s replacement.Conclusion:Batman: Arkham Originsplays like a ♥♥♥♥♥♥ cover of a great song. This is not the game you need, nor the one you deserve. If youreallywant more ofCityyou may be interested, but with an uninspired main story, recycled map and game mechanics,Originsdoes little to innovate. A blatant cash grab and completely skippable."
76561198089052394,Recommended,209000,29402023,Posted: 21 January,all,JD Herrera,"Batman: Arkham Origins			* 9/10Considering the unexpected ending in Arkham City and the different development team a prequel chapter seemed a good solution. As a matter of fact it IS a good solution.Arkham Origins, as the title suggests takes place before Arkham Asylum, the first Batman Arkham Franchise game, and tells us the story of an angry Bruce Wayne that started  being a Brutal Batman for a very short time in Gotham. The event that trigger this story is the Evasion of Black Mask from the prison of Blackgate and his unpredictable actions seem to lead to a bigger plan that will lead to disasters and revelations.As the other chapters, this is a 3rd person action. Hack and slash, I would say, inside an ""open world"", in this case the open city of Gotham, now even bigger than before and even colder, as it's winter and snow is covering everything.What I really loved of this game is the Winter snowy setting, the prequel timing, where we meet various characters for the first time (such as Good old not-yet-commissioner Gordon), and most importantly the detective aspect of the game. There are side missions focused on detective mode, but considering that the original Batman stories are ""detective Stories"" this chapter does a great job by giving the main story a constant mistery that Batman must investigate, with reconstruction of events in crime scenes, clues and everything else. Sure, as every other Batman Arkham Franchise the game is still mostly an action, but this chapter introduced a story worth of the greatest detective, and this is what really made me appreciate this title.Just like the rest of the franchise, Arkham Origins uses The Unreal Engine, which can be demanding in terms of resources but gives back beautiful sceneries and great details. However, in this chapter random crashes have been more frequent than the previous ones, not to mention few random glitches (I fell into void through the ground for no reason while attacking a boss in the Cold cold heart DLC). I forgive only because the game is great and luckily it saves the progress automatically and frequently.The soundtrack makes use of a great title track, and some good support melodies fitting the Dark Knight adventures' mood.Unlike its predecessor the game makes a few references to the DC world (especially batman's), which is less than the standard I've been used to in Arkham City, which is bad but not essential.The game sure offers lots of side missions that will keep the player on the title for a very long time. The most notable is the Riddler's side mission, which I consider the longest and most difficult, just like in any other chapter. Luckily, this time is not that complicated as in Arkham C‭ity. Also considering the city's size you have the option to fast travel with the aid of the batwing (as long as you have unlocked the area by destroying the local towers, which is part of the Riddler's secondary mission).Arkham Origins also has a Multiplayer component (which I didn't even try because I rarely play MP) that unfortunately has been terminated on December 2016.+++PROs+++NEW ARKHAM CHAPTER.I really consider this game a really great Prequel Chapter, the story with mistery, the cold and dark winter setting inside a Large and Extended Gotham, the classic Arkham Gameplay with the improved Detective mode make this chapter really good. Not to mention the great DLCs.---CONs---GLITCHES AND BUGS.Random crashes and glitches are more frequent in this chapter than the previous ones.I played this game on this machine:Intel Core i7-497016Gb RAM DDR3GeForce GTX 660Windows 10 Professional x64"
,Recommended,209000,16380142,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,ThatDarnOwl,"Arkham Origins is a very curious title in a lot of ways. It was made by a different developer than the previous two games, since Rocksteady was busy working on Arkham Knight.The things Origins does well is mostly in the storytelling department. I really liked how the game takes place early on in Batman's career as a crime fighter. Characters remark with surprise treating the protagonist as a myth and Batman himself comes across as more inexperienced and arrogant. It feels more in-line with the Nolan movies in this regard and it's a welcome change from the previous two games which felt like extensions of the Batman Animated series.However, Arkham Origins isn't as polished as Asylum, nor does it have the steller presentation of City. It's clear the developers were working with a limited budget and time constraints, and that they weren't interested in innovating on the previous games like Rocksteady was. I still do like Origins but I think of it more of a spinoff to the previous two games rather than a sequel. If you treat it like that you'll probably enjoy it a lot more."
76561198192016230,Recommended,209000,23346753,"Posted: 2 June, 2016",all,StormRider,"I truly enjoyed this game .Maybe It's just my PC , but I didn't encounter any glitches , no lags nothing at all .Though I missed my ""Batman Beyond Batsuit "" from Arkham city . That was my favorite Batsuit .Cool characters , Epic boss fights , awesome challenge maps , 100% recommended  :)"
,Not Recommended,209000,8541945,"Posted: 3 January, 2014",all,[LoR] BioRebel,An insult to the first 2 games.
76561197990465750,Recommended,209000,34136799,Posted: 9 August,all,NiMaSu,"My favorite in the series.  The story was very well done, Held my interest all the way through.  Excellent game."
76561198087971789,Not Recommended,209000,8491645,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,Quodgefelph,It stopped working randomly during play and I have yet to figure out how to fix it
,Recommended,209000,12485500,"Posted: 14 October, 2014",all,Zigs,"Good gameplay, storyline, graphics and more!Online mode are totally great, customize your character, weapons and more.If you never played the Batman game series, play it from the first one.Totally recommend this game.Now waiting for Batman Arkham Knight :D"
76561198269372974,Recommended,209000,31076862,Posted: 11 April,all,G!anT,Good but not the Best Arkham game...
76561198060203956,Recommended,209000,22476429,"Posted: 17 April, 2016",all,Metsakurat,"This review is based on the current condition of the game and therefore my opinion may be a lot more positive than it would have been on the release day.My favourate Batman game out of the first 3 Arkham titlesOrigins took everything good about Arkham City and just improved on it.The story, while simple, is a lot more entertaining than in Arkham City. This is an origin story. Batman is still just a rumor. You're not a known figure or a hero and so even the cops are after you.This made the game feel fresh and unique. You're a ""hero"" going after criminals but at the same time you have to avoid cops or even fight them.Not only is this an origin story for the Batman but you also get to know all your favourate villains a bit better.You get to see how Harley and Joker met and all that kind of stuff.What is the story tho? It's simple: It's about Alfred trying to have a peaceful christmas meal.Khm! A villain put a bounty on Batman. You're basically going around Gotham fighting bounty hunters and trying to capture the person who placed the bounty on you. There is a little twist in the story but that's pretty much it.It took me 14h to finish the story.I did stick around to solve some cases and take down last of the remaining Enigma servers but I did not go for 100% completion. I assume it would take around 20h to do everything.Gameplay is pretty much the same as in the previous two Arkham titles altho i have to say thatthe combat does feel a lot more faster and smootherin here. You can upgrade and unlock new gadgets as you progress in the game. Those same gadgets let you access different parts of the map or help you get to a shiny precious collectible.If you've played any of the Batman games you know what to expect from the combat/gameplay.Graphically the game is superiour to the previous Arkham games and it is still good to look at even in 2016. The voice acting is supreme. The gameplay is fun and the story is decent enough to keep you hooked until the ending.I'd say the game is worth the full price.- I did experience one crash and about 2-3 graphical glitches during my playthrough.I understand it had a rocky launch but the game seems to be fixed by now and you have to work really hard to come across a bug."
,Recommended,209000,11335880,"Posted: 20 July, 2014",all,-David,"Batman games are like pizza: even when they’re not very good, they’re still pretty good.Next to Arkham City, Arkham Origins is a bit of a disappointment in its lack of new ideas and use of win buttons, making it the least interesting than the first ones.However, the story is pretty good, worth give it a try.If you’re a Batman fan you should already have Arkham Origins, but anyone else might want to hold off till a sale discount. GG."
,Recommended,209000,16146871,"Posted: 2 June, 2015",all,Cyotey,"With the release of Batman: Arkham Knight in about 3 weeks I figured I'd remake my review of Origins considering it's been 2 years since its release. And also because it's due time for an updated one.StoryThis story takes place after 2-3 years of Batman donning his cape and cowl. 8 assassins are tasked with finding and killing you for 50 million placed by Black Mask. Killer Croc, Firefly, Shiva, Bane, Deadshot, Copperhead, Electrocutioner and Deathstroke are all out to kill you. Or so it seems. The twists are done well....however most people are not happy to see Joker take the spotlight once again. You need to remember that the title is called 'Origins' for a reason. It's exploring how Batman first meets some of his greatest enemies/foes. Naturally, you'll think of a couple being left out. Where's Two Face and Poison Ivy? What about Scarecrow? They didn't come into being until later. Overall, I think the story was well enough thought out and I don't get sick of it.GameplayI won't sugar coat it. The gameplay is the clunkiest of the Arkham series. Batman will sometimes lose the freeflow due to hitting air regardless of being near enemies, hits are slower and counters don't always register. There are a couple new gadgets Batman obtains and uses and they add more fun to predator areas. The addition of shock gloves makes Batman much more powerful. Too powerful in fact. Once activated, you ignore any special goons and just hit right through anything. It does double damage as well. It's fun, but makes things too easy at times. I really like the martial artists. They definitely provide more of a challenge forcing you to counter as much as you hit. The new detective system is fun to use as well to solve crimes. I've heard some encounter game breaking bugs still, however I haven't had these problems. But WB Montreal did rush this so it doesn't surprise me all too much.GraphicsBetter than AC, but not by much. They added some fog effects and smart snow to add to the depth and I found it pretty cool and impressive. But that's about it. Graphics are nothing special.MultiplayerThis was an absolute wreck at first. Many bugs and it worked literally 1/4th of the time due to never-ending loading screens. You have 3 teams. The Bane gang, Joker gang and Heroes. The two gangs war it out trying to take and protect key points on the map while Batman and Robin try to stop it all by taking either gangs members down and filling a fear meter. The match ends if one gang loses all lives, all points are held for a certain time or Batman and Robin fill their fear meter. Joker and Bane are playable of course. Bane is overpowered though. Able to absorb what seems like 10 full magazines and is equipped with a rocket launcher on top of it. Joker uses his handy pistol and will kill you in one shot if hit. It isn't perfect, but it's definitely enjoyable.OverallOrigins is worth the purchase. Both singleplayer and multiplayer are done well. And this will retain some value because of the multiplayer portion. While it can be clunky at times, you can easily overlook it and enjoy every moment. My only complaints are the clunkiness and how empty the map can feel compared to City. Definitely recommended."
76561198136880085,Recommended,209000,28383753,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,Hiro,Highly underrated game that wasn't well received originally due to technical issues that were patched and fixed. A great starting point for any batman fan and has many unique gadgets which allow for cool takedowns. 9/10
76561197997259845,Recommended,209000,16612119,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,St.Pedophilia,Honest don't understand why so many ppl were putting this game down when it was released.Quite like the character development/drama and some sequences are really well done.The crime scene reconstruction alone is good enough an addition to the series.I like this much better than City.......please dont kil lme
76561197988609440,Recommended,209000,28587750,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,Meowcenary,"When i played this game on console when it first came out i was frustrated because it wasn't nearly as polished as Arkham city or Asylum.but some time later when i got it on PC and gave it another shot i find myself enjoying the game much more. While it's still not as good of quality as the other Arkham games Origins stands on its own feet pretty well and does a good job of showing batman in the earlier stages of his career.You get to encounter plenty of the villian roster here including Black mask, penguin and Bane. As well as some enemies that aren't usually in batman's gallery such as Deathstroke.The devs also did a nice job throwing in some new enemy types weve never seen before such as martial artists and Venom users which mixes things up a bit in combatI never tried the multiplayer component though i heard it was meh and its dead now anyway so moot point there.All in all id say get it if you like batman and are a fan of the Arkham games and their playstyle."
,Not Recommended,209000,32337149,Posted: 11 June,all,Alex Nolan ﷲ,"This is not the bad game. On its own this Arkham entry has solid story, probably best, or some of the best boss battles in entire Arkham series, it has very big open world map (not sure what game in the series has bigger map, Origins or Knight), it has about 20 hours of open world gameplay (although the main story is only about 13 hours).However, where Arkham Origins got the amounts of content, it lacks the quality of it. Rocksteady games feels much more polished (probably with exception of Arkham Knight, which had all sorts of issues at launch), much more nuanced, much more enjoyable to play overall. Also Rocksteady Arkham games have the thing when gameplay changes throughout the campaighn, giving the player new stuff to play with, or otherwise, taking away some stuff, slightly altering the setting, Batman has to adapt to, often changing the entire map. In that sense Origins feels much more of a timewaster for Warner Brothers so Rocksteady have enough time to make Arkham Knight and players had a Batman game when The Dark Knight Rises hit the theaters.So overall it is not bad game, but probably the weakest entry in Arkham series."
76561198058328550,Not Recommended,209000,8545275,"Posted: 3 January, 2014",all,zany gunslinger,"I really, really wanted to like this game but just couldn't. I could live with the glitches if the game had something new to offer but it doesn't. It feels like a rushed cash in on the previous Arkham games and that's just sad. The decision to do a prequel was a bad one. The map is larger than before but with less interesting things to do. The story had some decent elements but never pulled together as a whole and the final ""boss"" battle was keyboard smashingly insulting. Bring Rocksteady back or don't do another one please guys. 6/10"
76561198031051645,Not Recommended,209000,12749543,"Posted: 2 November, 2014",all,*******007,"played and finished Arkham Asylum GOTY and Arkham City GOTY and enjoyed both.Arkham Origins is full of glitches and the ""counter"" push only works 80% of the time maybe.Recommend the first two games but origins is a re-hash of similar content that does not function well."
,Recommended,209000,32425846,Posted: 14 June,all,Barry Allen,"After playing this game for 16 hours and finishing the main story, I can finally give my opinion on this game.I am simply going to explain what I like and do not like about each aspect of the game.THIS DOES CONTAIN POTENTIAL SPOILERS.Main Story:The main story is pretty average for a Batman: Arkham game. That means that overall the story is good just like most of the Batman: Arkham games. There are a couple things that I sort of do not like about the story. At the beginning of the game, it looks like Black Mask is the main villain for the game, but it turns out that Joker is posing as Black Mask and has actually captured the real Black Mask. People do tend to complain about this, probably because the Joker is the main villain in 3 of the Batman games with Scarecrow being the main villain in Arkham Knight. I do however see the reasoning for Joker pretending to be Black Mask. So, the game is called Batman: Arkham Origins, so it is supposed to be telling the origins of the villains, right? They used Black Mask to introduce the Joker to Batman, but I do see how they could have come up with a different way to introduce the Joker to Batman without the Joker being the main villain. I do like how Batman is introduced to different villains in the game, like Anarky for example. I also do like that in this game, you can travel to and from the Batcave. Anyway, the story is pretty average for a Batman: Arkham game and overall, I enjoyed it.Side Missions:I might not have much to say about this, but I do have a little bit to say. So, the side missions are actually pretty fun. The side missions I enjoy the most are the Riddlers missions. I like how they came up with their own reasoning for the Riddler to hire men to hide his Datapacks. They are very similar to the Riddler Trophies in the other games. They almost always have a puzzle that you have to complete to get the Datapacks aswell. I also do enjoy gliding around and destroying the Network Relays. The Deadshot side mission was also pretty cool. That's all I have to say about that.Gadgets:Most of the gadgets that Batman uses in this game are the same as other games, but they also have some things that I haven't seen before. Like the glue grenade, and the shock gloves. When in combat the shock gloves felt super nice to use when they were activated. I also liked that the shock gloves were able to break an armored thug's defense. It was also a lot of fun to glue people's arms shut with the glue grenade. It was also pretty neat that the game allowed you to use the glue grenade to create a raft in the water.Evidence Scanner:I really like the evidence scanner in Batman: Arkham Knight, but in this one, it seemed like they threw in the feature and didn't spend much time on it. Some of the crime scene investigations seem like they are all over the place and they don't seem to tell what exactly happened. The most confusing of all of them was the crime scene of the supposed dead Black Mask. It just seemed a little bit confusing.Combat:I don't know what it was, but the combat in this game felt super clunky and it didn't feel the same as the other Batman games that were made by Rocksteady. I found myself, punching at air more often than in the other Batman: Arkham games. That might just me but I felt like something was off, I don't know what it was. It was also super weird that when in combat, Batman would continuously keep his fists raised as he moved around, and he would also walk kinda weird when in combat. I don't remember the other Batman games being like that.Gliding Mechanics:It was the same as always. I do like the grapnel accelerator a lot though, and I was very surprised that it was in this game since it came out before Batman: Arkham Knight. I did like that I could make my grapnel accelerator faster in Batman: Arkham Knight but unfortunately that was not a feature in this game (because Arkham Origins came before Arkham Knight).Glitches:I have to talk about glitches, sadly, there are a ton of glitches in this game. At one point in a mission, I found 2 of Joker's men running in mid air with guns, trying to find me. I used my grappling hook on both of them, and both of them fell off of the building and they went straight through the roof of a smaller building below. Also, enemies will often be looking for you and all of a sudden freeze in place but still continue their dialogue. This happened a lot in the final fight against Bane. Also when gliding I would often kind of flop up and down like a fish. Yes, like a fish. That's the only way I can describe it. This glitch would also often cause me to glide much slower. There's also a very often and noticeable glitch with Batman's cape. It sometimes spazzes out and occasionally gets in the way of the camera view. I also don't know if this is a glitch, but if it is, it's hilarious. Often times in combat when you punch people, they will go flying up into the air and go about 10 feet above Batman's head. It's really funny but it occasionally ruins a cool fight.Cutscenes:The in-game cutscenes are kind of stuttery, I guess. They are sometimes very poorly put together, is what I am trying to say. The characters mouths are also very weird because when they speak their lips don't open wide enough. It bugs me. The cinematic cut scenes are cool but they are noticeably low resolution, and it's annoying. But I have no idea if that's a problem of my own.So those are my thoughts and opinions on Batman: Arkham Origins. This took me way too long to write, but I just really wanted to get my very detailed review out. Overall, I highly recommend buying this game."
,Recommended,209000,31198228,Posted: 17 April,all,Pepsiman,"Do you like the Arkham games? Has it been a while since your last Arkham game? Are you in the mood for another Arkham game? Then this game is for you!I skipped on this game when it came out because I'd just played City recently and it looked like more of the same; which it is! It's just another Arkham game. If you liked the previous games you will very much enjoy this one as well.Good story (Trying not to spoil anything), great boss battles and the same awesome combat system."
,Recommended,209000,25637059,"Posted: 22 September, 2016",all,Pacific Codex,"Arkham Origins in 2016I got this product during the WB Games Sale a few days back and this is my second playthrough of the game (played the retail version a year or two back and now I'm playing via Steam).First off, the single player campaign has agood storyand this is my second favorite Batman Arkham game after Arkham City. Thegraphicsandgameplay mechanicshavevisibly improved, compared to the earlier games in the series and some of the villains (Deadshot, Deathstroke and especially Bane) have pretty interesting""origin"" stories(if we can call them that) before Batman meets them again in Arkham City. You'll know what I'm saying when you play the two games. Continuity of the overarching universe has been kept in mind (though the addition of new gadgets and modes of travel in a ""prequel"" story, that don't exist in Arkham Asylum or City clearly breaks that continuity, lol). Some other villains were pretty meh to play against though, IMO. (like, Copperhead, Killer Croc and to some extent, Shiva).Apart from the single player story, I should also add that playing as Deathstroke in the challenge maps isimmensely satisfying.Where it gets boring and somewhat dreary is the ridiculous amount of Riddler side-quests (as usual) that you must do in order to unlock the fast travel points on the map (the map is pretty expansive and after a while, you wouldn't want to glide, grapple, dive bomb to your destination from a totally opposite side of the map).Coming over toArkham Origins Onlinenow.After checking out the training videos, I must say that I am impressed with the concepts ofInvisible Predator OnlineandHunter, Huntedbut the number of players online is pretty low. I can understand why that is the case after being part of a full lobby and about to get into a match, I come across this -""Connection to Steam has been dropped.""It gets pretty frustrating sometimes but during the times that I DID manage to get in,it's fun. Batman, Robin, Joker and Bane are playable characters. Also, Joker and Bane have their own Elite factions (made up of real players themselves) that have to focus on completing a given objective. Not getting into the details since the training videos that you'll see are pretty self explanatory.Will be updating this review with time, if need be.And BTW, here's a secret:Bruce Wayne is Batman.."
,Recommended,209000,22920380,"Posted: 11 May, 2016",all,Serroche,"This game is a nice chapter in the Arkham series. The gameplay runs smoothly and the graphics are great.Lots of side quest, a bit repetitive though,  classic Enigma puzzles, detective missions.. One of the major improvements is how fluid the combat is in this one, and finally a quick travel to move around different parts of the city. The only thing I din't like much was how the plot goes from here to there and it gets really confusing at some points, it lacks focusing.A must have for every Batman fan, though the story is not as good as in previous games.8/10"
76561198125933199,Not Recommended,209000,12989933,"Posted: 17 November, 2014",all,StrikerGracefall,"Poor example of a game, I have found several gliches that make it unwinable in spots, like suspects not presenting a prompt to be interogated, interogations not being logged/recognized by the game, and Interogation targets despawning before they can be interacted with. All in all it's meh, seriously I've tried reloading, restarting, dying, rebooting, the guys are always gone and I can't finish the Bird questline now. The games Idea of a new game plus is a harder dificulty, not just getting to re play everyhting knowing what to do and being able to complete the one quest it broke, which I also found out broke the Riddler questline as well. I don't play for challange usually, and I like having my open world games to have a sense of closure, which this lacks for me at the moment, also I find the abbrupt inclusion of several enimies attacking silmultaniously with unblockable attacks to be a poor choice for a harder difficulty, by far the brawls in the harder modes are near impossible without the shock gloves which unlock about mid story, making the starting portions increadably hard when faced with several kinife and shield weilding, armored and blocking foes. So it's good for one playthrough, and if it gliches like mine did you have to make a new save file and re-collect everythingm which I will not be doing."
,Not Recommended,209000,8665131,"Posted: 11 January, 2014",all,m4rgin4l,"I wouldn't believe the reviews that said this game was mediocre, so I bought it. I'm sorry to report that most reviews were pretty accurate. This game does a diservice to the franchise and to the oustanding job Rocksteady did in the previous installments. Somehow, the new developer managed to screw up the most important aspect of an Arkham game: The flow of movement and combat with unresponsive controls, forced camera perspectives and limited grappling points. The main story is boring and so are the side missions. Most of the technical problems reported were fixed by the developer, but there are a few kinks here and there (that weren't in the last two games)."
76561198042585169,Recommended,209000,17165427,"Posted: 21 July, 2015",all,B. Wiggs,"I Am the NightTake on the Batman's established experience after and during the Year One story arc (since the game is inspired by it, not a direct page-to-screen copy of it). You get a shining moment in the early night outings as the Batman, with his Rogues Gallery to-be and some new rudimentary Bat-gadgets. The story is an endearing one when understanding why Batman kept his promise. Alfred Pennyworth has to be the best highlight of the evening though. Talk to him, you won't regret it!Once again, all his flush and paned out as with all the Batman games in the series. Villains' personalities are thoroughly engrossing, but especially Joker's (check out The Killing Joke, you'll see). Don't forget the Cold, Cold Heart and Initiation DLC, both of which further develop the Batman villains and origins respectfully. Among all this comes an interesting multiplayer where you can play as Batman or Robin, Bane's gang and Joker's gang (Bane and Joker included)!Batman Arkham Origins is a thorough origin story of its own merit, one with first appearances and references to villains you'll enjoy. For the most precise penning, I direct you to the comics. Though this game should not be evaded for its accuracy to those comics. Besides, it's Batman!"
76561198035286327,Recommended,209000,12606566,"Posted: 24 October, 2014",all,CurajaCaster,"Fun game, playing as Batman where it all started is really interesting. I prefered Arkham City over this one much more but it was still a fun game to play."
,Recommended,209000,26486064,"Posted: 8 November, 2016",all,Damien_Dedalus,"8.5/10Better than Asylum, not as good as City.As an origins story, the plot does justice to the Batman universe and as a prequel to Arkham Asylum. The fight mechanism is  similar to all games in the franchise but the boss fights are taken up a notch and are made as unique to each super villain as possible. The detective sequences wherein Batman has to find clues and understand what happened at a crime scene are also much more fun than in the previous games, this time making it slightly more engaging. The plot thins a bit when entering the killing all the assassins part just because they were paid to kill Batman. Bit repetitive but the fights are really cool, so this can slide.All in all, a pretty damn good game.Although Troy Baker did a pretty good job as the voice actor for the Joker, many sequences will show you why Mark Hamill is undeniable the best man for the job."
,Recommended,209000,9560302,"Posted: 19 March, 2014",all,chips,"Bruce Wayne masturbates in his bat cave all alone in the dark. Not a single light is on. Once he finishes he punches a picture of Rachel and mumbles the words ""♥♥♥♥ing joker...""A few minutes later he gets a call from Alfred. ""Dinner is ready, master Bruce. Wine or scotch this evening?""""I want a goddamn protein shake you ♥♥♥♥ing old man. I don't drink on account of I'M THE GODDAMN BATMAN! How many times do I have to tell you this?""Before going upstairs to eat his dinner Bruce Wayne masturbates one more time. He's crying and violently shaking his head back and forth. ""RACHEL!"" he cries out. His screaming wakes up the bats that live down in the cave and they start flying all around him like that scene in Batman Begins.""Oh RACHEL please... I'll save you..."" The words exit his mouth like a train from a tunnel, from a place of deep darkness. He starts bawling. ""I'll save you RACHEL!! Here...I .... COME!! HnnnngggggnnnggggggggggBruce Wayne blows his load, spraining his wrist in the process. The bats fly back to wherever it is they came from. This is what he spends his time doing during that eight year gap between The Dark Knight and The Dark Knight Rises. Masturbating to the ghost of the only woman he ever loved."
,Recommended,209000,30100331,Posted: 22 February,all,(UCOG) RoMaNdO,"Batman: Arkham Origins is third game in Batman series. This time around we get to play a prequel to the very first game (Batman: Arkham Asylum). Even though Origins are not developed by Rocksteady, it's still great Batman game. Only big downside are really annoying bugs and glitches. Some of them are straight up game breaking. Besides that, i had awesome time with Batman: Arkham Origins. I did not feel repetitivness at all.So as a wrap up, it's a great Batman game, but it hasn't topped Batman: Arkham City. Would i recommend it? Yes, of course."
,Recommended,209000,31399152,Posted: 27 April,all,Wavy JeNsen,"Great storyline that's pretty easy to beat but definitely has replay value. My first playthrough took almost 10 hours and I got it on sale for $5 so I'd say if you can pick it up on sale, it's a great game to buy!"
76561198247697190,Recommended,209000,31196264,Posted: 17 April,all,DIGITALFR34K,"Not quite as good as the other arkham games but in my eyes still really good game, batman is a bit more rough around the edges in this game and thats cool and the villians of this one are brill!"
,Recommended,209000,7758238,"Posted: 25 November, 2013",all,mynameismonkey,"Batman's consistently made the shadows his associate, however in Batman: Arkham Origins, he finds the shadow of his own past beguilements difficult to escape from. It's like Batman: Arkham City from numerous perspectives, having gotten a remarkable battle framework, regardless it needs beguiling thoughts of its own, and it's slant the loss of the clean and exactingness that makes Arkham City and Arkham Asylum exceptional development entertainments.Its name, ""Arkham Origins,"" is a ludicrous misnomer - it might be a prequel, yet this story is neither about Arkham, nor is it a beginning story in any essential way. It's extensively more a common Batman plot that retreads a parcel of The Dark Knight's most unmistakable subjects over its around eight hours of focal story content: a self-dangerous complement on working alone, and how far he'll go to abstain from completing a nearness - an idea the last fight wisely toys with. It's a respectable plot that even thinks about a conceivable elucidation behind Batman to face such a combination of delinquents all in one night – a $50 million wealth on his head. In any case, it's the sort of prequel that hollers ""What were we accepting when we butchered off that staggeringly clearly comprehended character? Change! Change!""This more lively Batman beginning now has all his check moves and mechanical gathering, flies some plane, and is on a first-name present with in every way that really matters every misrepresentation beside The Joker. So at the cost of truly offering these occasions happen going before the other two preoccupations, Origins keeps the establishment of Arkham Asylum and Arkham City's stunning battle set up, joining each device alive and well. (Mr. Keep's nonattendance from the revolt's show surmises the cryo-explosives are immediately control blackout or paste shots.)Two new adversary sorts switch it up, broadly the military powers who can counter your assaults. Regardless, the principal amazing change is an uncommon little something that is splendid shockingly you utilize it, however rapidly uncovers itself as a dreadful thought. The Shock Gauntlets are among the last mechanical gathering you open, which is inconceivable, in light of the way that once charged (by hitting a couple people in solid battle) and actuated, they let you completely expel everything that makes battle intriguing. Revolt shields, daze twirly doos, defensively secured offenders – Batman just punches them. They're on an exceptionally essential level a win get, and the sort of thing that doesn't work in a prequel in light of the way that why may Batman ever dispose of them?By then, in the stealth battles where Batman picks off furnished criminals one by one, there's another to some degree unsanitary feeling win get: a remote associate that strings convicts without them in spite of walking around a mammoth. I got myself intentionally keeping up an imperative partition from both of those contraptions, since I'm not in this to not battle blameworthy gatherings.Out in the extended and snow-secured open world, I discovered Gotham City delightful yet lethargic. In Arkham City, the reason is that this some parcel of town has been walled off and given to the wrongdoers. Without that (in fact stunning) situation, the nonappearance of any comprehension of non military staff life makes Gotham feel horrifyingly vain, particularly near to Origins' open-world partners and their populated lanes. It might be the point of convergence of the night on Christmas Eve, yet roads swarming with just unequivocally un-cheerful lawbreakers are still abnormal.For visual characteristic, the new wrongdoing scene examinations are staggering, and take the ""zoom and upgrade!"" saying to new extremes. Utilizing the shoulder gets the opportunity to clean through an extended reality diversion of occasions looks amazing, yet it's specific scarcely common; whatever you do is locate the going with (sign: the thing's highlighted for you) when influenced and assess it to get the going with bit of the confound – no vital organization included. It's a transcendent, showier utilization of Detective Mode than Asylum or City considered, yet meanwhile, it's only for appear. Precisely when utilizing the Wii U Gamepad, you're supported (however not obliged) to utilize the LCD as a viewfinder and control the essential individual point of view camera with the improvement controls instead of the sticks, which is awkward and gimmicky.This is the central Batman joy to have multiplayer (on all stages with the exception of Wii U), and the eight-player mode feels like a first draft. Generally you're playing an ordinary third-particular shooter in which your three-man hoard goes after zone control focuses with an adversary pack. The turn is that two other self-decisively picked players are Batman and Robin (who doesn't show up in the battle) picking individuals on both sides off utilizing Predator mode moves and a to an exceptional degree ungainly sort of the single-player battle. Frankly, it's a genuinely sharp thought – I do like how when I'm doing fighting different crooks I ought to be unpleasant of a legend sneaking up behind me, and when I'm looking toward the figure of characteristic roosts trying to shoot down a blessed individual a criminal is in all likelihood going to shoot me in the back. In like manner, two sacred individuals taking part can oversee utilizing marvelous Batman-utilizes a-minor-as-a-redirection frameworks. In any case, given the unremarkable shooting mechanics, the multiplayer mode is a peculiarity that I wouldn't plan to get more than a few sessions out of. Wii U proprietors aren't missing much here.Batman distractions take after pizza: in spite of when they're dreadful, they're still extremely exceptional. By Arkham City, Arkham Origins is reasonably a mistake in its nonattendance of new contemplations and utilization of win finds, making it the base interesting of the game plan of three. By and by, as inspirations to jump over into the awesome free-spilling battle and predator takedowns go, this story isn't repulsive.(All reviews are retrieved from the Internet and piped through a succession of synonym tools three times both for humour and to save time. In my religion, this is known as Art(TM), but you can call it ""Threewording"")"
,Recommended,209000,24188848,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,CyberFoxZ3ro,"I really liked all the Batman games that Rocksteady have develop so far.The story  of the game as you play it is great, the fighting mechanic is 10/10,I've encounter one or two glitches so far which I can get stuck behind a wall or a barrel,but the checkpoints of the game are very common, so you can just restart on a really close point.But havent experience any other problems so far."
76561198080676686,Recommended,209000,12464131,"Posted: 12 October, 2014",all,Pedradelic,"As with the other games, Batman: Arkham Origins is an awesome title, a fantastic prequel and the only game in the series with a multiplayer option. The only bad thing about it, is that many mechanics from the single player are directly taken from Batman: Arkham City. Apart from that, they've done a nice job with the multiplayer, which is funny and enjoyable. I give it 5 out of 5."
76561197974694456,Recommended,209000,33109006,Posted: 1 July,all,usercar007,"This game is ok compared to the previous 2 Batman games. Made by a different studio it just doesn't have the same quality as the previous two games. The story is good and the control is ok, but nothing exceptional. I would still recommend it if you enjoy a Batman game."
,Not Recommended,209000,13476578,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,Mr. Nice Guy: Bom de Briga,"THIS GAME IS A SHAME AND A DISRESPECT WITH US AND WITH ROCKSTEADY'S WORK WITH THIS FRANCHISEDon't get me wrong: ""Batman: Arkham Origins"" is a very cool and fun game. It even has some improvements over the two past games, like some remarkable boss battles that are even better than most of the AA and AC ones, and some improved investigation missions with elements that reminds Capcom's ""Remember Me"".  But, unfortunately, all of these good things became a little blurry because Arkham Origins is one of the worst polished games from this past generation(PS360)...Arkham Origins have one of the biggest collection of bugs of the series, contrasting with the previous games, that are so well made by Rocksteady. And not only this, but Warner Montreal simply spat in our(consumers)face, when they said they're not fixing anything anymore because none of the bugs and issues the game have right now are ""game breaking"" and we can still finish the game. It's a shame and a disrespect with us and with all the excelent job Rocksteady had been doing with the series.From the games that a played recently, Arkham Origins was my biggest disappointment. I had fun with it, but, at the same time, I was always mourning with myself about how the game is so broken and with no polishment. I'm even kind of sad of writing this review, because I really like Batman Arkham series. But these bad developers must know that we are not happy with their work. I know it's unlikely they'll read this or even fix the game because of my review, but at least I'm spreading the word and warning some other players on what they will get into when buying this game..."
,Recommended,209000,16644387,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,Pontifex,Better than Arkham Knight
76561198248462162,Recommended,209000,32755893,Posted: 24 June,all,Javier35960,"Great game, I really like all the batman game series"
,Recommended,209000,31289569,Posted: 21 April,all,Lil Vitamin,"Good game, just not as good as the others. Get it on sale."
76561198066460690,Recommended,209000,31791982,Posted: 16 May,all,F412,"Not the best Arkham game in terms of story, but still a very good game overall."
,Recommended,209000,9880872,"Posted: 20 April, 2014",all,SlowDuck,"Whilst buggy, this game is seriously underated.Most of the hate comes from the large amount of game breaking bugs, which were not removed quickly enough, though at this stage I managed to complete the game only having to restart twice, both of which were not during the story, and I only need to ""restart from last checkpoint"", and not the entire game. [SPOILER ALERT]The other reason that this game is so hated is because the marketing hinted at a plot that wasn't based around the Joker, and included some smaller members of the rogue gallery as the main characters. Now whilst its not true that some less famous villians are included in this game, its just that the Joker is actually the main villian, along with Bane.Apart from that, the 'lack of innovation' in this game is the another reason that this game is hated. Whilst in comparison to the other two Arkham Games, that is true, this game has one huge area of innovation: The Multiplayer. Unfourtunately, this was not the audience wanted, so it was largely disregarded. But in fact, the multiplayer is quite fun, and at the time of writing has an active multiplayer community. This is really what I would have wanted from an Arkham multiplayer mode. Stealth against real people. Whilst I will admit playing Batman or Robin is alot more fun than the thugs, there is an equaliser. The fact that at one point in the game, one player will be able to play as the Joker or Bane. This actually can be really challenging for Batman or Robin, especially if the player of the Joker or Bane is good at the game. Of course there is one bug that *still* hasn't been fixed is multiplayer data being wiped. Though by launching the game from singleplayer mode this will prevent this bug, no matter what (from my experience). Some may also have to launch singleplayer again one they are finished, but I haven't experienced this. Now my favourite bit from this game is the Story. Now, obviously some will be dissapointed (see the spoiler) by the plot, but I still think that the story was gold. It was really the first Arkham Game to try to show the flaws in Batman's actions, as he seriously hurts people to stop them hurting others. Some of the corrupt police or common thugs are in desperate positions, and don't have much hope elsewhere, yet Batman will still knock them out cold. Still angered by his parent's death, Batman is demanding, somewhat ungrateful and unable to listen an opinion other than his own, I cringed with every conversation Batman and Alfred had, until the *incident*. Not a single thank you, shouting because Alfred opposed his views, Alfred's relationship with Batman is one of the most heart-breaking of all. The ending was uplifting, and somewhat smart. One pointer is how ubsurd it is how much happens in one night. I'd rate it 7/10, based on the fact Arkham Assylum is a 10/10 for me."
76561198020653573,Not Recommended,209000,12144737,"Posted: 18 September, 2014",all,Revolução,"Glitchy, unable to play, graphics and voice is good, but many of my friends that have this game ran into the same bugs I did, I don't recomend unless on a sale."
,Recommended,209000,12270096,"Posted: 27 September, 2014",all,Pineapple King,"Batman: Arkham Orgins brings together two of my favorite types of gameplay. At times you are a hunter in the shadows, timing takedowns and picking apart your prey one by one while remaining invisble. Most of the time you dive into the middle of a gang to rely on quick reflixes and situational awareness to beat the absolute turd out of them.While being very fun and simple Arkham Orgins is basically Arkham City with a lower budget. All but two gadgets are the same, but even then one of the ""new"" gadgets is really just a reskin. The main story mode is extremely linear, which isn't bad just means less time explorin' more time kickin' booty patooty. It's also unsatisfyingly short. I have no clue what I paid for but with the main story mode complete, every collectable on the lower half of the map safe, and all the sidequests but one completed I only have 35% of the game done. Nothing left but grinding that most people will find boring.So final verdict is, if you want to buy it but don't have Arkham City, get Arkham City instead. If you've played Arkham City and crave a bit more go crazy.P.S. Don't buy the skins. They're poopy. The original skin is bad butt anyways, it tears up as the story progesses (kind of to the point where you wonder how he flipping flys with so many holes in his cape but still awesome.) One of the skins looks like they threw batman into a tanning bed till he bacame the Wrinkled Knight.*edited with less cussing!! ♥♥♥♥ YEA!!!!"
,Recommended,209000,9739593,"Posted: 5 April, 2014",all,Hola Uriberto,"It's not good enough to be considered a Batman Arkham game. Buggy, short and poorly designed.The story is good and the locations are great (albeit Gotham City doesn't have any pedestrians because of a convenient blizzard storm, and most of what's playable of it is what will become Arkham City in the future).I've experienced tons of bugs, something that never happened to me in the other Arkham games. For example, one time an entire Crime In Progress scene spawned right in front of me and I got locked inside the model of a truck which spawned on me. Another time I got killed by a bug in the first Bane fight, repeatedly. It took me more than three hours to beat that and I had to let Bane punch me because if I tried to avoid his hits I would get crushed by the floor for some reason, getting bugged inside the floor. Another time I used the Bat Wing to fast travel and my model didn't appear so I had to restart the game.Fighting sucks because of the camera angle, it's very very difficult to aim when blocking or when jumping from one thug to another because the camera twists too fast (and there's no control to turn it off since the only one there is just changes what it does with the camera when you jump out of combat).The animations are clumsy and laggy, but the game itself runs smoothly, so I wonder what happened there?Some of the boss fights are uninspired repetitions of other boss fights from the other games and some even copy some of this very game.I still recommend it because overall it's still a Batman Arkham game but it's way worse than the others. Buy it on sale and keep in mind Splash Damage hasn't fixed anything yet even though it's been months.A shame really."
76561198016939364,Not Recommended,209000,11317002,"Posted: 19 July, 2014",all,masterkillerbee,"Arkham Origins is an addicting game, but that doesn't mean it's good. As someone who has put over a hundred hours into Arkham City and has 100% Arkham City and Asylum, I'm not afraid to say that Arkham Origins is an inferior follow-up. Don't get me wrong, the game is fun; the combat is better than ever with the addition of new enemy types and the ability to stack up to 2 special moves. But besides that there isn't really that much the game has going for it. The predator rooms feel uninspered and generic compared to the ones in City, and can be breezed through with the use of Deathstokes grappel gun which basicly allows you to pick off up to three enemies with no challenge to it: it's basicly a ranged Inverse takedown. This eliminates the diffliculty of predator rooms.Then there's the city, the game's hub world. While it is larger than the one in Arkham City, if I remember correctly I've been told it's atleast 3 times as big as the one in AC, it feels empty. There isn't much to do apart from stopping the same general street crimes that pop-up in the city districts (whether it's fighting mobs or beating up gangs it all ends up becoming the same repitative task after a while). The are no riddler trophies or riddles that unlock bonuses and give winks and nods to the batman lore. I understand Edward Nigma hasn't transformed into the Riddler yet, but the replecement collectibles they have in the game just feel inferior compared to the collectibles of past games. There are side-missions you can do, but half of them are straight up copies of the ones present in AC; Instead of blowing up titan containers you're blowing up drug containers, there's the one where you get sucked into Mad Hatters Wonderland, there's the one where you have to track down Deadshot just like you did in AC.Speaking of Deadshot, one of the biggest flaws in this game is character development. For a game whose whole premise is based around Batman having to defeat eight assassins, the assassins themselves have barely any impact in this game. Assassins like Deathstroke have little to no screen time, they just show-up, you beat them, and you about never see them again. I'm not talking about B or C list characters here, this is Deathstroke, a major player in the DC Universe, a man who has fought the Teen Titans and had multiple comic series. Instead more emphasis is placed on characters like Bane, who has already had screen time in the previous two games. For the most part it just feels like most of the assassins where just there as fan-service instead of actually having a purpose; it's like how people always joke that the Batman story-arc ""Hush"" was just an excuse for Jim Lee to draw and include major stars of DC universe, with them having little to add to the overall plot.But while there's a lot I can criticize about Origins, there are some things it gets right. Like I said earlier the combat is better than ever, not to mention the boss fights, which for the most part, are an improvement over the ones in City and especially Asylum. The voice acting is surprinsgly better than I expected; Troy Baker sounds great as the Joker and overtime Roger Craig Smith starts to grow into the role of Batman, even at some points sounding like a young Kevin Conroy. And while I do think the assassins where underplayed, I'n my opinion James Gordon and Alfred were certainly given the time in the spotlight they rightfully deserve, more so then they were in the past games. But besides that there isn't much I can say good about it.Like I said from the beginning, Origins is addicting. The comabt is satisfying, I'd dare say even more than City, but it lacks the things AC has that made me 100% it and start on my 5th playthough of it.It might just be me, I'll admit that. From what I've read in other reviews people have enjoyed this game, and that's good. But in my opinion, as an honest-to-god Batman/Arkham series fanboy, I just can't recommend this game. I wish I could put it into words that would fully convey my dislike towards this game in a way that would allow you to see it the way I do, but I can't. And when I try the only word that comes to mind is the same one I've repeated over and aver again in my review, and that word is ""inferior"". This game is just inferior.But I'll say again, that's just the way ""I"" see it. If you think you'll like it, and it comes on sale, you can buy it and make your own opinion. But if you had to ask me, I would not recommend it.P.S. I couldn't think of anyplace else add this so I just decided to talk about it here, this has to deal with game's New Game Plus mode. Following in AC's footsteps WB Montrel added a New Game Plus mode that allowed you experience the game a second time with an upgraded Batman. But here's the thing, in AC when you started New Game Plus you had all your gadgets unlocked from the start. This was cool because it allowed you an edge with the harder enemies. But in Origins you don't have your gadgets, you have to unlock them all over again. So I have to ask, what's the point of New Game Plus mode if I don't have my unlockables? That was a just a small nitpick I had with the game that I just needed to talk about."
76561197972232265,Not Recommended,209000,13697020,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,Smike,been trying to play the game had a few crashers and bug glitchers so annyoing i play when it gets fixed
,Recommended,209000,25371788,"Posted: 5 September, 2016",all,S T A R B O Y,"Overall, not as good as the previous Arkham Games, but still pretty damn good, with a really cool story and the same good old combat from the previous games."
76561198048616237,Recommended,209000,11319845,"Posted: 19 July, 2014",all,616 Crimson King,You… you just couldn’t let me go could you? This is what happens when an unstoppable force meets an immovable object. You are truly incorruptable aren’t you. You won’t kill me because of some misplaced sense of self-rightousness. And I won’t kill you because…you’re just too much fun. I get the feeling that you and I are destined to do this forever.
,Not Recommended,209000,14107331,"Posted: 21 January, 2015",all,Jearbear,"A terrible sequel to an amazing series of games. Not only is the combat sluggish and far less responsive than in previous Arkham games, leading to a lot of punches to the face and loss of combo count, the game is riddled with a large amount of bugs including falling through the floor and being trapped in a room forever following your defeat of Deathstroke. Despite being a huge fan of the first two games, this one I rushed through as quickly as possible and avoided the vast majority of the extra content entirely.Overall Rating: 5/10"
,Recommended,209000,24011620,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,Biggie,-Great Storyline-Amazing Combat (makes you feel like a badass)-Cool Gadgets-Dlc is pretty goodA great buy especially if you love Batman.
76561198020090121,Not Recommended,209000,8413703,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,londrieme,"I played Arkham Asylum and Arkham City and loved them.  I absolutely could not wait for Arkham Origins to come out.  The only word I can use to describe it is.......disappointing.  The storyline is not as smooth and the transitions are awkward.  The previous interface was intuitive and easy to navigate.  For some reason they decided to change the interface and have made it more difficult, less intuitive and thoroughly unenjoyable.  There are a lot of bugs in this game.  I have had to exit out of the program and start again 3 times today because bugs made Batman unmovable.  If you are like me you will buy it just because you have the first 2 and have to see what happens.  Just do not set your expectations too high and prepare to be disappointed anyway.  My advice is to wait until you can get it for $5."
,Recommended,209000,10106762,"Posted: 13 May, 2014",all,phantom,"Arkham Origins is a bit of a disappointment in its lack of new ideas and use of win buttons, making it the least interesting of the series. But as excuses to dive back into the excellent free-flowing combat and predator takedowns go, this story isn’t bad. - IGN"
,Recommended,209000,17143346,"Posted: 20 July, 2015",all,"Oliver""Arrow""Queen","I give this game about a 8/10 its a very well done game with a amazing campaign lots of side missions and just a huge amount of content including a super fun mutliplayer, not the only issues I have with the game is the lacking amount of players on multiplayer(which can easliy change) but would be the amount of glitches now offline has just glitches that don't out right make gameplay harder in any shape or form it just has glitches that can be noticable but funny, Multiplayer in this game is my favorite mutliplayer of ALL TIME, it has a great feel to it, its a super fun thing to play but it also feels too dark at times, the matching making can also be weak at times, and there is a lack of maps/game modes which multiplayer only has 2 modes and no one even plays the other one it just needs some really fun but stupid mode to get you more hyped up, but multiplayer can occasionally have game ending glitches or unfair glitches giving advantages to a random team(but are extrememly rare) there are some super annoying glitches for multiplayer such as: when you finially get to play as Batman this glitch can sometime change your Batman Costume or even make you play as Robin, the evil Robin twin glitch, being locked in the super villian spawn, matches won't start or end and connection dropping from steam too much, It may sound like its really bad but its really rare for those to happen its very fun and I reccomend this game to any fan of Batman!!"
76561198132475293,Recommended,209000,34066792,Posted: 6 August,all,Killbobslow,"Although it doesn't bring much in the way of new to the table this is still a thoroughly enjoyable experience. Combat, as ever, is fluent and the story, while painfully predictable, is serviceable. However, if you didn't like the previous iterations of this series, there really is nothing new for you here."
,Recommended,209000,22124547,"Posted: 29 March, 2016",all,Yuber,Feels like i'm in the Gotham as Batman.+Great story & gameplay+Good Animation+The Joker
76561198261260102,Recommended,209000,28996024,Posted: 3 January,all,The Chozo Elder,"Just got the DLC for this game and I'm excited to play it. I got a better graphics card to handle the beauty of this world. Like the other games, the story does not distract from the openworld concept. 10/10 would super glide again."
76561198063269581,Recommended,209000,29837311,Posted: 10 February,all,Kaname,"Great game, This is worth playing if you can get it on sale for 5 bucks or less  do not buy at full price thought."
76561198153569965,Recommended,209000,25084546,"Posted: 22 August, 2016",all,dylanharvey1992,"I must say that this has y favorite plot out of all the Arkham games. Everything else is has already been done in the previous games or is sub-par. But that plot. Oh man, the plot."
,Recommended,209000,9659314,"Posted: 28 March, 2014",all,Tails The Fox,"Fantastic game. The action, emotion, and story are very well-done! It is a powerful game indeed!"
,Not Recommended,209000,33006693,Posted: 29 June,all,Jonflip Zooza,"Twice I attempted to play this game, mainly because I really enjoyed Asylum and liked Citiy (though the 100% collection nonsense can go kiss a donkey). But this game made downgrades in every single area.The open city feels even less interesting and lively than Arkham City already did, the map is impossible to use with a keyboard and mouse (something that worked, though clunky in arkham city), the AI bugs out reliably in stealth encounters, the use of unchangeable, off-angle cameras makes several encounters utterly unenjoyable - in short: there is nothing that has been improved upon since Arkham City, and things that worked were removed."
,Recommended,209000,22948439,"Posted: 12 May, 2016",all,hailurez,You're Batman in a prequel that takes place in a city filled with people you beat up that will soon become mentally ill so you can beat them up in the future in an Asylum.
,Recommended,209000,28268106,"Posted: 9 December, 2016",all,Artibius,"PROS:+ Batman+ cool story+ cheesy batman one-liners+ casefile investigations+ many unlockable gadgets+ great visuals+ some of the boss fightsCONS:- some glitches in graphics, audio and AI- crashes to desktop happen occasionally- multiplayer part is shutdown since 4th of December 2016- keyboard controls are terrible in some places- some other boss fightsComment:My first Batman game from the Arkham series. As such I cannot compare it to the others, yet. But this also works because it is first on the Arkham game story timeline. The combat is okay but gets a bit more clunky as new enemy types appear. This is coupled with keyboard controls that are not as responsive or well configured. I actually had to swap to a gamepad for the Deathstroke fight (and a couple of more times later in the game). There are lots of collectibles available (Anarky tags, Enigma data packs) and a TON of side missions. Plus 4 challenge ranks you can attempt while playing. But this all contributes to easily missable (and sometimes bugged) content, including some main assassins. Boss fights/levels are hit or miss. While some are great and engaging others become annoying really quick. Some examples - terrible fixed-camera Mad Hatter level and Deadshot hostage level end. A lot of people do not like Deathstroke, but once I switched to gamepad, the fight was actually good. Predator rooms give you options to either stealth or go in with a bang. Although this freedom is crippled by the challenges in Worst Nightmare rank. Because there is a limited amount of predator rooms you will want to do them according to what is in the challenge rank. After you finish up all of the content there is still challenge mode for some trophies but this mode became really annoying/boring fairly quick. Story is what drives this game and, while it is cheesy sometimes, I loved it. However, if you only go for the story the game is rather short. Even so it has glitches and crashed a couple of times. So get it for that nice Batman story or just to roam around Gotham ... but get it on a sale.------------------------------------------------------------------If you liked this review you can find more on theCurator pageor in myReview Corner."
,Recommended,209000,16011382,"Posted: 26 May, 2015",all,Harley,"As a young studio best known for porting Batman: Arkham City to Wii U, WB Montreal must have been desperate to prove that it belongs in the same conversation as series creator Rocksteady Games. To its credit, it's hard to tell that Batman: Arkham Origins isn't one of its sister studio's earlier releases. That's some achievement, but it's also a mixed blessing.To begin with, the set-up is as economical as Arkham Asylum or Arkham City. Batman is thrust into Gotham on Christmas Eve after Black Mask puts a $50 million bounty on his head and invites eight super-villains to town to compete for the spoils. As with previous Arkham games, that simple set-up then evolves as Batman races to keep up with events.Arkham Origins doesn't leave the strongest first impression though. After a CG cutscene and a short playable prologue in Blackgate Prison, Batman is dumped into a sparsely occupied Gotham that looks tiny on his Batcomputer map compared to some of the open-world playgrounds we've run around in lately. You're free to travel across it all from the start, but players used to maps dripping with icons may be surprised at its cold emptiness.This isn't a game that lacks depth, though - it's just a game with rare patience. Story missions take place away from the streets in carefully knotted set-piece levels built around single locations - like Penguin's hidden casino♥♥♥♥♥arms-bazaar or Gotham City Police headquarters - and as you make progress the open world gradually fills up with distractions.The initial slow burn is welcome, anyway, because it's an opportunity to luxuriate in the wonderful systems and mechanics that Arkham Origins inherits from its forebears. Batman glides through levels even when he's just walking around, those famous bat ears erect with authority, and he moves fluidly in a crouched run, too, barrel-like thighs pumping him from shadow to vent. But when you start actually gliding, it's a minor revelation, opening his wings to the wind and using the grapple to grasp the edge of a distant chimney, reeling it in and launching him over the crest to continue his flight.Watch me play through the first level of Arkham Origins and provide an overview of some of the systems.We had all this before, of course, but you forget how good it was. The same goes for Batman's many gadgets. You start off with quite a few - batarangs, smoke pellets and explosive gel for blowing holes in walls - and of course you have detective vision, the sonar view mode that maps Batman's surroundings so he can track enemies as they move nervously through the darkness around him. You gain other toys at intervals, including the remote batclaw for setting up tightropes between particular grapple points.Batman remains handy in a fight, too. In hand-to-hand combat, a single attack button allows him to flow between targets, ducking and diving through dense matrices of incoming blows, repelling those that threaten to land by reaching for the counter button. It's still quick to build combos, and the final blow, which the game always puts into slow motion and frames up nicely, often has a satisfying crack to it.The one thing Batman still lacks is a gun or grenade to deal with unsuspecting groups of enemies from afar - he can either wade in with his fists and gizmos or try to isolate and pick them off using stealth - but of course that's the point of the character. There is still a slight frustration though that the game often forces you into direct confrontation rather than letting you choose your own approach, especially as tougher enemies arrive with riot shields, knives and body armour to inject complexity into each fight.Still, that is what Arkham Asylum and Arkham City did, so at least it's canon. As is the way the city starts to fill up with intriguing diversions. The Riddler is back, of course, custodian of unlockable fast-travel points that can only be activated when you break into them. This often involves hopping around adjacent buildings examining the exterior of your prize, like a high-tech octopus feeling around the outside of a bottle to reach the fish inside. Enigma has left his mark in other areas of Gotham, too, and you'll be on his various trails all night.He is probably the highlight of the side missions - again, as usual - although he's far from alone in the dark night. Anarky is fed up with Gotham's corrupt rulers and plans to deal with them somewhat more explosively than Batman, so that's a thing, and there are various other threads to follow once secondary characters - friends and foes - present themselves.2Manoeuvring around enemies to set up stealth takedowns is still fun, although you can autopilot a lot of it with two games' experience under your utility belt.So it's fun crawling over Gotham. It can still feel slightly empty at times - you'll never see a pedestrian who isn't a cheesy thug or a trigger-happy SWAT team member - but among the dark rooftops, smokestacks, red brick facades and Ace Chemicals billboards there emerges plenty to do, and I am loath to scold a game for rebelling against the fad of instant gratification. Besides, some of it is there from the start should you be paying attention. There are a host of character-building challenges to complete, for example, by doing things like performing certain combinations in combat or gliding through rings dotted around the city. These tasks are just sitting there quietly listed in one of the pause menus.The one area where Arkham Origins truly distinguishes itself from Rocksteady's work, of course, is the part of the game that UK studio Splash Damage developed: multiplayer.In Arkham Origins' online mode, three of Bane's mercenaries face off against three of Joker's gang across four maps, fighting over capture points and trying to kill the opposition until they no longer have any Battlefield-style respawn tickets left and can be wiped out.As well as limited-use knockoff versions of Batman's see-through-walls detective vision, and loadouts that can be customised with unlockable weapons and abilities such as an explosive RC blimp, each team can also call on their master when they hit a certain threshold. Bane has powerful melee attacks, while Joker has a pair of pistols good for one-shot kills and spamming explosives.The biggest twist, though, is that two other players control a third team of heroes. Yes! Someone gets to play as Batman! (And Robin.) The heroes have a suite of predatory tools including grapple hooks and various batarangs and can stalk their prey from underground passages as well. They are rewarded for performing a variety of takedowns.Despite the competing objectives, matches are simple to understand and often draw to a nervous conclusion, as Bane and Joker's teams run out of respawn tickets and try to pick each other off while the heroes circle. If a player takes out a hero at this stage, their downed team-mates retake the field, while heroes who die in this endgame lose much of their score.Things can yo-yo very quickly, and while this can mean that the preceding drama feels as though it's more for show than anything, it's tense and exciting every time, and really does result in gang members waving their guns around at the shadows in terror, just as it should.It's a fair amount of fun, then, but it's also the kind of mode you will enjoy for an evening rather than a lifetime. Taken on those terms, it's a welcome inclusion.They also feed into Batman's tech tree, although this is one of the weaker areas of Arkham Origins. Batman is already well outfitted and his most useful additions - like the shock gloves, which allow him to power up electrical items and rain fizzly blows down in combat - are rewarded for making progress in the story, so I generally just invested my XP in tougher armour, which is a bit boring. Tech trees where you find yourself rooting around for the least uninspiring upgrade are always disappointing,"
,Recommended,209000,10645183,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,Hellscream,"While not as polished or essential as Aslyum or City, Origins still manages to impress with great action setpieces."
,Recommended,209000,17055145,"Posted: 14 July, 2015",all,LegendaryLenny( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°),"well honestly i love this game, let me tell you a poem on how i love this game,roses are redviolets are bluei am batmanyou are too420/10 -IGN"
,Not Recommended,209000,10653600,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,The Poes Awakens,"The Good:* Almost as good as Arkham City* Graphics are smoother than Arkham City* Story seems entertaining (I didn't bother finishing)* Good voice acting* Rewarding challenges systemThe Bad:* Combat is copied from Arkham City and exacerbated* Traveling is annoying* Quick Time Events aplenty* Monotonous and uninteresting environment* Repetitive gameplay* Exploitable combat* Electric glove things make combat far too easy* Atmosphere of the city is uninspired and dullBottom line:If you're looking for Arkham City with a combat system that's almost as good, slower and repetitive gameplay and quick time event-enriched boss fights, finished off with an open-world that you'd rather use fast transport to get around in, then this game is for you.TL;DR:Buy Arkham City."
,Recommended,209000,10802603,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,TegGSR,If you see this game on sale like it is now with the Steam Summer Sale you would be crazy not to pick it up. I'm only about 25% into the game and have enjoyed every minute.
,Recommended,209000,25458754,"Posted: 11 September, 2016",all,Harry Pooter,"This game gets more hate than it deserves, it's definitely not the worst Arkham game. For one the boss fights alone make this game worth it, the deathstroke fight is one of the most enjoyable boss fights I can think of. One problem I had with this game was the map, it IS a done up version of City's map, just with more snow and less closed in gates, while it does include the extra portion of map, it still feels flat and dead compared to city. I'd give this game an A+ in gameplay and an F in map design. 3rd best in the franchise."
76561198046546799,Recommended,209000,30281901,Posted: 2 March,all,AllyArra,"Not as good as its predecessors. But a lot of fun regardless. I just can't be bothered to go after all of Enigma's data packs, though."
,Recommended,209000,18178989,"Posted: 24 September, 2015",all,RepuTAYtion (rockworm),"I'm conflicted about this game.  On the one hand its a very solid title.  Despite it being an obvious cash in on the Arkham series because WB couldn't wait for Knight to reach store shelves it still offers a lot of Batman kicking♥♥♥♥♥enjoyment.  The thing is people are very divisive about this game.  Either its the best in the series or its the worst.  Its just City with a new paint job don't kid yourselves.  City perfected the formula and Origins just came in and said why fix what ain't broke?The gameplay is so similar to City that you wouldn't even know a difference if it was an expansion pack.  The gadgets feel more gimmicky when in previous games they had a practical application.  The remote claw replaces the line launcher and while its amusing it also makes predator sections even more brainlessly easy when they were already easy.  Who needs to actually stealthily take down baddies with guns when you can hook them to things and each other and take out 5/6 of the room without even moving?  On the flipside combat seems to have gotten harder with counters being a little different in timing and its a lot harder to hold up bigger combos when more variety in enemy types like venom brutes and martial arts experts.  The shock gloves feel like just evening things out at this point.The story is probably this game's strongest part.  Without spoiling much this is Batman early in his career.  He's more stubborn and hot headed.  One of my favorite parts is Gordon and how his character progresses through the story and how he distrusts Batman and thats a really cool dynamic.  Young Barbara already got the inkling to become oracle here as well.  They do a really cool plot twist that is just as disapointing and I wont spoil it here.  I will say that Bane is the strongest part IMO.  As someone who has been waiting for a proper bane in something I am so happy with how they treated him here.  It also kinda helps explain why is the way he is in previous games.  Read the Knightfall comic storyline and see why not even Dark Knight Rises got Bane right IMO.I'm just rambling at this point.  I'm a big Batman nerd if you couldn't tell lol.Also shout out to the awesome voice acting across the board.Finally the last thing I want to talk about is the open world.  This worked so well in City beacause it was all interesting.  It was densly packed and felt bigger than it actually was.  In this case its feels empty.   It feels like a city built around a video game instead of a video game built around the city.  Sense of scope is all scewed.  Parked cars all look like they were designed for midgets.  It doesn't look like a city at all.  It looks like a close up of a model city.  People complained about the riddler trophies in City and how many they were and how they got ""annoying getting them all"" but at least those were interesting to get.  In this there is literally no challenge to getting any of them.  Errr I mean Enigma data packs :/.  You come across one and 5 seconds in you either have the gadget capable of getting it or you don't and move on.  This is actually its saving grace because prepare yourself for this game's biggest let down.  There is no reason to getting these.  Some XP and a little throwback to previous games.  Catching Riddler in City had a point.  He had hostages.  He needed to be dealt with.  He was a real threat and there was more to it than just collecting♥♥♥♥♥♥like an old 90s platformer.....  In this he's  blackmailing criminals and Batman has to stop that because.........  thats worse than beating them up?  Ok then well the completionist in me hated this.  There was no fun in getting them and absolutely no pay off because you don't even catch him.  Save the time and ignore this part of the game and it will be much more enjoyable I promise you.So TL:DR gameplay is almost exactly the same as Arkham City.  Story is cool.  Game map and side missions are lame and boring.  The good outweigh the bad.  If you like Batman you'll enjoy this."
,Recommended,209000,22017335,"Posted: 23 March, 2016",all,The Ramen Noodle,"Batman: Arkham Origins is the Prequel-Sequel to the previous 2 Arkham games. Developed and published by WB Montreal instead of Rocksteady, one might be turned off to the idea of this game and would be unwilling to give the game a try. I disagree. Here's why:Arkham Origins takes place a few years before Arkham Asylum, 2 years after Bruce Wayne donned the cowl of Batman. One of the leading criminals, Black Mask, is tired of Batman ruining his plans and sends 10 elite mercenaries (some more elite than others) to kill Batman in one night, Christmas Eve, for 50 million dollars. The story mainly follows Batman evading and defeating the mercs, as well as chasing down the Black Mask. As with Arkham City, there are a few twists and turns along the way, bringing a good time to the game.The ""Origins"" part of the game is very interesting, as it explores the origins of the Joker as the Red Hood (canon in the comics), if not only breifly. It also explores the stuggle Batman is having with himself and how he feels the need to protect gotham from itself and all the super-criminals.Although the voice actors for Batman and the Joker are not the regular that we all know and love (Mark Hamill and Kevin Conroy), the replacements that WB Montreal found are absolutely a great substitute. While not the actors that made the characters what they are, the performances were far from sub-par, and should not be the factor that keeps you from playing the game. You can tell that the actors tried very hard to keep the roles what they were, in order to preserve the legacy. The actor who plays the Joker does a phenomenal job, and I did not even realize that the actor was not Mark Hamill until I heard his monologue around half-way through the game. The Batman actor is a bit more noticeable but nothing to complain about.The map is bigger than Arkham City's, and feels as such. There are plenty of side activities to do when you are tired of (or done with) the main story. The most fun of all of these is definitely the Crime Scenes that you can come across, and pretty much ""solve"" murders and thefts. There are also radio towers that Enigma (The Riddler) has hacked. These can be restored through fighting through enemies and using your cryptographic sequencer. This is recommended to do as each tower you restore unlocks the district for fast travel, which signifigantly increases the speed of play.The combat and gameplay is not very different from Arkham City or Asylum's, but this isn't a problem to me, as the combat does not need to be changed too much. There are 2 new enemies to fight, the martial arts expert, and Bane's super enforcers. While adding some diversity to the combat, it can feel repetitive at times, and I found myself avoiding combat situations and crime calls during the free roam parts of the game.Overall, this game is a great addition to the Arkham series, even if not near close to the best game in the franchise, and if you plan to play through all of the games, do not forget Arkham Origins. Though nowhere near a perfect game, I personally find it a better game than Arkham City.8.4/10"
76561198040295426,Recommended,209000,15146342,"Posted: 31 March, 2015",all,diegzumillo,"Have you played the previous Arkham games? No? Then do yourself a favor and don't start with Arkham Origins.If you played the others and liked it then you'll likely enjoy this one as well. It is inferior in many ways though, and I'll try to make a comparison of the most pertinent aspects below.Did you enjoy the story hinted on the trailers? If so, I'm  sorry to say this but you'll be disappointed. I won't spoil the surprise (even though I find it hard to believe it's a surprise to anyone by now) but there's a very obvious twist that simply negates the whole story advertised in the trailers. After the disappointment with the story passed I actually quite enjoyed it though! there are some interesting moments and characters. Nothing fantastic but it does its job competently.  Considering this is a prequel they certainly made some strange decisions reagarding the story. We know the villains, we know Alfred never dies, we know Batman doesn't die etc. These things can't really be used as tension effectively, but they certainly tried. They should have used the opportunity to introduce some new characters and put some real tension in there, but that's my opinion.But the true problem with this game is the obvious lack of polish. Bugs, glitches, freezes,crashes, performance drops... you name it, Arkham Origins has it. The lack of polish also shows on most of the gameplay features. A few examples: when in combat mode, the camera will be your worst enemy, showing the wall, hiding behind light posts, losing sight of batman or, when not being completely against you, just sitting the least helpful orientation possible with every enemy on the wrong side of the camera. Other example of lack of polish in gameplay is when gliding accross the city. You'll find yourself frustrated by the grapple's edge detection system. It has the habit of not detecting obvious edges you can see right in front of you, sometimes detecting edges you have no intention of grappling to etc. It's a less satisfying experience to say the least. These examples just illustrate the way the game was rushed to the shelves. It lacks polish, the kind of things solved by tweaking of parameters until everything feels right.My last complaint is the zipline feature. This was one of the fun things in other games, all you needed was a wall behind and in front of you to zip accross it! Fun and a gameplay element that opens up so many possibilities. In this game they ditched that for a zip line you can attach to nodes that are put on the map by the level designer. It's so boring. It's essentially a door/key system in disguise. A very similar dumb move was made by Thief developers when ditching the freedom of rope arrows in favor of predetermined nodes where you can put your rope. It's just a fancy key to a door.It's hard to find something they did better than previous games. I like the graphics a lot! but it's not exactly better, it's just different, more realistic style. But I do welcome the different approach, it looks very nice.If we weren't comparing with previous Batmans (which admittedly is a difficult position for any game to be in) I would say the bugs are the main problem with it. Some of them are absolutely game breaking! but if you can endure that this is a great game. It has my recommendation."
,Recommended,209000,9727563,"Posted: 4 April, 2014",all,crash bandicooot,"This is a very good game and recommend this game 100%. Despite the many bugs and glitches that occur in this game the game is still amazing. This is my first Batman game and this game was better than expected. I know how many people have been saying it is not that good because it was not from rocksteady, but i think warner bros did better than expected. you could tell they wanted to make the game as good as the other ones from rocksteady and i think they did."
76561198129254372,Recommended,209000,9667311,"Posted: 29 March, 2014",all,Canned Soup Gaming,"It's Arkham, It's Batman. Need I say more? Just don't expect the improvements like Asylum to City, since it isn't Rocksteady. I wish WB had been more daring with it, it's like they were too scared to alienate fans instead of trying out new things. Don't expect anything terribly fresh. It's largely a copy and paste of Arkham City, which, don't get me wrong, isn't a bad thing. Unfortunately the few changes they did make frustrate the heck out of me. I'll update if I find anything else, but I think I've explored most of the games mechanics by now.Pros:Boss fights: Bossfights are fantastic, infinitely better than rocksteady's to be honest, well, a few of them. (poison ivy anyone?) I've had a few so far, but the Deathstroke and Shiva fights were fantastic. Copperhead as well, can't wait to see what comes next. I loved the challenge, and getting the perfect completion trophies was a great was to test my skills. Few generic fights that every game has, but overall they've been great.Open world: lots of enemies, plenty to explore. Alot of the side missions are unlocked by story progression, so expect to be locked into that. If you liked the design of City, it carries into here.Crimes in Progress: I love these. Usually a tough group of enemies, nice difficulty, just don't expect to wrack up good combos without mashing dodge 24/7 (see below)Cons: (so far)Combat: I wish they had copy and pasted it. I wish. Enemies are extremely aggressive, and youll often find yourself being punched in the face while trying to perform a simple strike, and since batman moves in slow mo you cant hit and counter in time. If you played Arkham City to death like I did, youll notice. It's not obvious, but any veteran of those series will feel the slight change. Its ridiculously frustrating how hard it is to maintain any sort of combo without mashing dodge and striking once. The thugs will teleport punch to you, so even if you use freeflow to move 10 feet away, he'll somehow still hit you. I cant even batclaw slam without being punched in the middle of the slam and they weren't anywhere nearby. Really?EDIT: i tried out the combat challenge mode, and the combat feels totally different. Very quick and responsive, felt even faster than it was in previous Arkham iterations. (Deathstroke is so fast i can barely follow how fast he strikes in focus flow) Not sure why its so different.Collectibles: Scan tags, collect data packs, batarang network relays, interrogate informers. All a copy of different systems used in Arkham City and Harley Quinn DLC. I wouldnt mind but its all so mindless, I've yet to encounter a single challenging puzzle like I did in City. Got all the collectibles in City and had a blast. Here it feels like a chore.Flying: I often find it really difficult to simply shoot to the top of a building and boost past. It likes to select the fire escape on the side of the building and makes it incredibly frustrating to get anywhere quickly. And expect alot of flying around, since you cant unlock all the fast travel points from the get go and the drop points can be rather far from the edge of district.Upgrade Trees: I hate these. I hate these with a passion. I get it, its Batman starting out, he has to learn. Anyone who has experience with poorly designed upgrade trees knows what I'm talking about. Oh yeah, by the way, you HAVE to complete challenges in game to get some of the gagdets. They aren't too hard, but it took too long to get my damn sonic batarang.It's a great game, if you loved Asylum and City you'll enjoy it, just don't expect anything too amazing. Hopefully Knight will remedy all the mistakes here."
76561198012474259,Recommended,209000,9709702,"Posted: 2 April, 2014",all,Kris1520,This game is amazing and incredibly interactive. Some things shouldn't take you soo long to figure out though.
,Recommended,209000,7486438,"Posted: 26 October, 2013",all,Pontus,I threw a villians body into a wall.10/10
,Recommended,209000,8787116,"Posted: 20 January, 2014",all,Day Man Fighter of the Night Man,"Not to bad of a game, Amazing graphics and game play. combat is hard as ♥♥♥♥ though, a lot of it is faught through counters which at times can be a ♥♥♥♥♥ but all in all a good game 8/10"
76561198315860320,Recommended,209000,25197583,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,AKA Chihiro !,"This is how everything begin.This is why i registered on steam.This is how i meet most of my best friends:DMister Allexander,Guardian of Gotham,Kabali,Gotham's Knight,BatGun/CZ etc.And now it's goneR.I.PThis is how the batman dieFor me it is the best online game,ever !"
,Recommended,209000,25112879,"Posted: 24 August, 2016",all,Jordy,Under rated due to the other games in the series. But still well worth a play through and overall a great game and addition to the series
,Recommended,209000,24641890,"Posted: 31 July, 2016",all,TheRedRogue (Connor),"Lets spell this out in basic for all, this game is ok, its just ok, but compared to something like Arkham Knight? Get this instead, its worth far more then the now abandoned steam version of Arkham Knight.Its also fun to see this as the last positive note of the Arkham series for the history books of gaming."
,Recommended,209000,11139868,"Posted: 8 July, 2014",all,Lemon,"Batman : Arkham Origins is yet another installment in the popular Arkham series, but it doesn't fall in line with the other 2 games seeing as developement was handled by WB Montreal.Right off the bat I'd like to say that WB did a great job with this game considering how new they are as a studio.Yes, when you start playing, you'll see a different, slightly more cartoonish batman, you'll eventually get over it. The first few hours will feel very empty and pretty much dissapointing, if you have played the other 2 games of this series. The overworld feels empty, geometry detail is very simplified even with DX11 effects enabled. Overall the mood was pretty badly executed as far as the city itself goes. You will only see impressive visual and level design once you go indoors, where lights are elaborate, cinematic and colorful. Colour is much more abundant this time.The combat system, both predator (stealth) and close up combat, remain pretty much identical to previous versions, aside from a few superficial changes like sounds. There is however a new mechanic that increases your damage output towards the second half of the story, but I don't want to spoil that for you. I found that close up combat felt more satisfying than stealth, simply because the stealth rooms were not designed for you to be creative, really. Rocksteady made extremely enjoyable stealth challenges, and WB basically was not capable of getting anywheres near that level of intricate design. All you really have to do in these sections is grapple around, wait for an enemy to seclude himself from the others, and take him down by gliding behind him and performing a silent takedown, rinse and repeat. So basically, this time close up completely trumps stealth, where as I found in City and Assylum, the stealth was more enjoyable than close up.Gadgets remain from the previous games, some replaced by something similar, essentially reskinning previous ideas.The main thing that WB really did right this time, is the storytelling, and the way you progress through the game. Arkham City's progression was fairly short, focused and let's face it, not very complex. Origins obviously tells the story of Batman's beginning, when he was considered a criminal just like the Joker, or Black Mask. Although Batman remains fairly emotionally flat, he lets out a lot of steam, and even interrogates many enemies through semi-torture, something that was rarely adressed before. Batman seems weaker in this game, he is actually a real, relatable person, in some ways. There is a sense of character progression that was completely absent in the other games. Hell, you even finally see some sort of relation between Batman and Joker that actually makes some sense, and let me tell you that relation becomes extremely interesting, and at times it almost seemed that Joker admired Batman, or even loved him.TL:DR: Origins is a narrative experience, lacking the immersion of the previous 2 games but replacing that with a cohesive, understandable story with much more variety. Is it better than the others? No. but is it worse? I can't really say that, either.It is definitely worth the price that I got it at, during the summer sale."
,Recommended,209000,16946791,"Posted: 8 July, 2015",all,ProXy,01/10.......ummmm Nononono i mean 10/10. Damit XD
,Not Recommended,209000,13844312,"Posted: 5 January, 2015",all,zsimbe,Utterly garbage piece of QTE bossfights.
,Recommended,209000,20567780,"Posted: 16 January, 2016",all,talle,Great game with amazing boss fights and combat mechanics.
,Recommended,209000,22997607,"Posted: 15 May, 2016",all,Dillon,"A great game, even with the random bugs. Solid combat, good graphics, full of content, story is pretty good too."
,Not Recommended,209000,25895055,"Posted: 6 October, 2016",all,Decius Aemilius,"PROS: It has an interesting plot. The predator sections work pretty well.CONS: Where do I begin?The combat is buggy and does not work well. It often seems like the game is designed to make you break your combo. Counters don't always work. In fact on the harder difficulty you have less time to counter, but the counter indicators stay up – meaning you can think you can counter when you can't. Or Batman will just refuse to counter. Or your combo will just drop for no good reason. I've run into other glitches as well, where quickfire gadgets will just not work, causing the combo to drop. The camera also tends to be too close to Batman, meaning characters can hit you from off-camera and give you no opportunity to counter or even know they were there. Brutes do unblockable attacks and can't be taken down with special combo moves, and you'll often be fighting them in a narrow space with barely any room to dodge.The combat locations are also frequently badly designed, as fights occur in closed-in spaces that give you little space to maneuver and plenty of space for the camera to get stuck. In one case I think I was fighting five guys, one with a shield, in a space the size of an elevator.The abilities tree is also annoying. Many of the most useful special abilities are locked off until later sections of the game and require the completion of entire separate sidequests. For example, disarm and destroy – one of the best ways to deal with shields, guns, and stun batons – cannot be obtained until completing a sidequest that does not appear until the game is three-fourths completed. The grapnel disarm is also locked off until at least halfway through the game.The 'challenges' are also extremely annoying because they, too, are tiered. And worse they don't 'stack' and several special abilities are easily lost forever because they require grinding out challenges that can ONLY be completed in a few areas that do not respawn. If you want the sonic shock batarang, better get Worst Nightmare Rank 6 completed in the bank during the first time you are there or you'll have to do it during the Deadshot mission. You get two chances. Enjoy. If you want to unlock the Dark Knight skin you will spend a lot of the game grinding out challenges.The checkpoints are also badly located. If you need to restart a predator room, for example, it won't save when you begin, so you will often have to spend a minute or two to get back to the room and probably go through an unskippable cutscene, which can be annoying when you need to redo a room to try and complete something very specific and easy to mess up (like knock three people down with one propane tank).I should discuss the boss battles as well. Many people seem to enjoy them but I did not. The Deathstroke battle was really a glorified QTE in terms of how it worked. The Firefly fight was a mixture of QTE, dodging and using the same quickfire gadgets over and over. And the Bane fight was a more annoying and less-good version of the fight from Arkham Asylum. I felt the Mr Freeze fight in Arkham City was by far the best Arkham boss battle and nothing here is close.I find this game immensely frustrating. I've played the other Arkham games – Asylum, City and Knight – and I just cannot like this game. The plot is interesting. But the actual gameplay is so irritating I find myself screaming in rage. Play the other games. Skip this one."
,Recommended,209000,24746021,"Posted: 6 August, 2016",all,yuhuu811,"my arkham series play sequence :asylum -> city -> knight -> originsglad to play with that sequence, everything start on origin, feels nostalgicdeathstroke battle was my favourite !thankyou for the experience, arkham series ! :D"
,Not Recommended,209000,28649454,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,Yvoire,"Bah.Arkham Asylum was quite great back in the day. Arkham City expanded and improved on that. In both cases, the story was great, the characters memorable, the gameplay amazing.Arkham Origins exacerbates things like Riddler's enigmas and boring sidequests, while the main plot is boring, garbled, and kept me wondering all the time: ""why am I doing what I'm doing exactly?""The crime scenes investigations make little to no sense, and it's not even a fun gameplay system. And the rest of the gameplay? It's basically a reskinning of Arkham City. Not worth it, believe me. Skip this title. It actually got me bored with Batman altogehter."
,Recommended,209000,11324788,"Posted: 19 July, 2014",all,Modlations,"It's pretty awesome ! i mean , it Batman :Dfeels a bit diffrent from City and asylum ( kind of expected )But its great none the less , The story is intressting with some cool plot twists  , can get challenging ( in im the night mode or so )Side missions are nice with lots of post story contentThe multiplayer is great if you land mates to play with who have good connectionBUT ! Only one thing can be a real pain in the♥♥♥♥♥, this might be the most bugged cool game ever ! with no sign of fixing themnot minor bugs , BIG BUGS YOU CANT SQAUSHthey will even affect your story progress ( doors wont open , thugs stuck at a random place .. and so on )then just restart ur check point and do it again :pits very fun :)9/10 buy it , and get the dlcs :3"
,Recommended,209000,11043531,"Posted: 2 July, 2014",all,Daemon,"As much as it would shorten things to say that if you liked or are at least familiar with previous arkham games, you won't find much new here. You have virtually the same gadgets, same fighting system, same UI, similar city, the only thing that really changed was the voice actors and storyline and for the most part, that’s totally fine if all you wanted was more batman and the DLC for arkham city just wasn't enough, and for the most part, that was me. As of writing, I haven't actually completed the game, but I feel like I got a pretty good impression as to where everything is headed. Because this is a prequel to the other arkham games, it can't really throw too much at you in terms of story as to not mess with the canon, and this kind of permeates the entire game. Everything feels like its playing it safe, and no real effort has been put in to expanding on the previous games in any light, though again, this isn't really a bad thing, it's just something that will constantly be nagging at you in the back of your head as you play.The gameplay mechanics are virtually untouched except for a few minor things relating to the upgrade path. And again, not really bad, because the previous mechanics it uses, are probably some of the best brawler mechanics in recent time. One thing I can do without though is the often clunky PC controls, half of my deaths could be attributed to the weird key presses required to dodge and preform special moves. This was a problem in the previous titles, and I feel like there really isn't anything that can be done about it, so I feel like some sort of ""360 pad required"" tag would be nice.The story isn't really anything special so far, and I’m not sure whether it really will be either, since again, it can't really do a whole lot due to its prequel nature. The thing that stood out to me the most though was the replacement of two of the main characters, Batman and The Joker. In the previous arkham games, they were voiced by their cartoon counterparts. The joker epically was made by Mark Hamill, who is absent in this game. The Joker replacement isn't bad, but Batman, instead of sounding level headed yet very, what’s the word I’m looking for, stern? Now sounds like he is constantly angry and thinks half yelling makes him sound scary. It’s just something that got on my nerves slowly over time. This could have been explained by Batman not being as controlled or weathered by the years, but it’s never brought up and Batman is just as, or oddly if not more capable in this game that in the future games, it just made less sense the more I pondered it. Another thing is the city, while it seems to be bigger, it has less nooks and crannies, and is missing the hidden riddler riddles of previous games to seem ""better"" in any sense, and it just feels like arkham city all over again since its still all cordoned off and populated only by thugs, I don't ever recall seeing one civilian in the game outside of a few scripted cutscenes and segments. Again, this is sort of explained by there being a storm on Christmas Eve, but I really just found it odd.Now, as much as I griped, I still find the game very enjoyable, and would definitely recommend it to anyone looking for more batman, or even just getting into the series, since playing them out of order probably doesn't help."
,Recommended,209000,18604689,"Posted: 21 October, 2015",all,MajkeX [GN'R],Asi najlepší zo seríí batman... :P :)
,Not Recommended,209000,9504712,"Posted: 16 March, 2014",all,BaconHammer,DON'T BUY THIS ♥♥♥♥ING GAME ITS SO ♥♥♥♥ING BUGY I HAVE FELT THRO THE MAP 2 TIMES. AND THEN I HAVE TO ♥♥♥♥ING RESTART WHOLE THE GAME!!!!!!!!
,Recommended,209000,16835191,"Posted: 1 July, 2015",all,"Chosen ""SCiM"" 41","This was a damn great game. Comparing this game to most other games just seems unfair. The story is amazing, the graphics are amazing, the sound is amazing and it all runs and looks very good on my slightly outdated rig. Nothing was done poorly save for the fact that the game has quite a few more bugs in it than would be desirable. If you have never played a game in the Arkham series than you will very much enjoy this game, although I would personally recommend going in order of release (Asylum, City then Origins). That all being said this game is both a prequel and a fairly stand alone story so you can play it out of order if you want.Now, after all that being said let's get some context of where I think this game stands in the series by first stating what I think of the first two games. I consider Batman: Arkham Asylum to be one of the few perfect games ever made. That being said I didn't care for Arkham City all that much. I did still quite like it but I felt that Asylum did everything better. The downsides are that for one the combat feels slightly slower and easier, not by a whole lot but it is noticeable. Being that Asylum felt like it had a perfect difficulty I see this as a downside. Another is that the open world design of City felt unnecessary as you were still locked in an asylum like before but this time it essentially just had a large outdoor room connecting everything. In short it may have been technically open world but it wasn't very open and it wasn't very world either. Asylum however was spooky and claustrophobic and it just worked. Another issue with City was the story. City was all over the place in a way. In Asylum we mainly had the Joker and few other villains on the way and that was fine but with City it just couldn't keep its focus on who the main villain was. Also Asylum had one silly moment in regards to the last part of the game but City felt like it had many silly moments through out.That all being said I would place this game just slightly under Asylum but above City. The combat is back to actually being somewhat difficult as it is sped up from City's slower combat. This kind of all goes out the window once you get a certain upgrade halfway through the game but even then I would hold Origin's combat above City's. Another thing done better is the city itself. For once in the series you actually get to be outside of an asylum's walls and actually stop crimes in progress and solve crimes and such. It actually feels like you are inside of a city which is further helped by about doubling the size of the map from City. Lastly is the story. My god, Origin's story just might be the best. We see a younger Batman who doesn't have much experience and is essentially going through his first significant night of crime fighting. There actually some character progression as opposed to Asylum or City where Batman was already experienced and is who he is. That all being said I would like to repeat as I said above, Origin's only real failing is that this game seems to be quite a bit more buggy than a game should be. I heard at launch it was even worse but even as it stands now I have enemies get stuck in walls making sections temporarily impassible. Nothing has happened that can't be fixed by reloading a checkpoint however so it doesn't detrack too much.To sum everything up here:Asylum: 100/100City: 95/100Origins: 99/100P.S. Oh yeah, there is also a multiplayer but I never bothered to try it. It's designed by Splash Damage so chances are it's quite good but I bet no one plays it anymore."
76561197967595104,Not Recommended,209000,10495652,"Posted: 16 June, 2014",all,=GriFteR=,"Definitly the WORST of the 3 Batman Arkham games. Glitchy and unpolished. Wanted to play for the story..but I should have skipped this one. Avoid it, or buy it at very low price, that's what it's worth anyway."
,Not Recommended,209000,12098568,"Posted: 14 September, 2014",all,Flaccid Snake,"A soulless cash-in that piggy backs on the perfection of Arkham City and ""fixes"" everything that wasn't broken in that game. Also, it's a glitchy mess"
,Not Recommended,209000,9798296,"Posted: 12 April, 2014",all,Would you make me a sandwich?,"Story mode completion, didn't touch multiplayer or any DLC.Pros:-Story is great. Really goes in depth of Batman before he's well established in Gotham.-Minor tweaks that help you explore the city are fantastic (I used that turbo grapple thing a zillion times, that made it easy to get around.)-I felt like the level-up progression had mostly good choices, it was hard to decide what to put points into. Shock gloves were awesome to use since they were so powerful too.Cons:-Buggy as♥♥♥♥♥♥ Had 2 crash to desktops, and numerous disappearing walls, To top it all off, my favorite bug was fighting the first boss, Killer Croc, and PUNCHING HIM SO HARD HIS MODEL DISAPPEARS. Fighting an invisible enemy sucks, but at least I got a good laugh on that one. This is 6 months after launch too, I'd hate to have had this on launch day.-They recycled the Bane fight from Arkham Asylum. Not only did they recycle it though, you fight him again later in Origins, and it's the same fight but with more anonymous henchmen thrown in. The other fights, while neat to watch, are pretty quick time event heavy.-Only one new gadget is cool, Glue Grenades. Everything else feels like a gimmick or has been in a previous game in the series.-Collectibles feel worthless. You get XP by getting them, but since you only upgrade the gadgets you like, it feels like a waste.Pick this up if it's cheap and you're bored, everyone else should replay the others."
,Recommended,209000,13006309,"Posted: 19 November, 2014",all,le baguette,"I am writing this review for people that have played Batman : Arkham City (AC) and wonder if they should get Batman : Arkham Origins (AO).If you are looking to get your mind blown by a massive improvement between the two games (say new mechanics, new engine, new gameplay features, new playable characters, maybe vehicles, etc.), then you will be disappointed : AO is basically a glorified AC. It does not bring much more than AC already did. In certain area (playable character), it actually brings less.But if you are looking to extend the AC experience, on a new town with a new campaign, then AO is definitely the game to go for and it will not disappoint you.Let me put some Arkham Origins in your Arkham City :AO is indeed ""only"" a second version of AC, but this is a very good second version of AC. You will get a few new gadgets, a lot of new combat perks, a new ""in game integrated"" achievement system (that you must fulfill to unlock a specific serie of combat perks), among other things.There is now a system which rewards you for your performance after every encounter, with an XP multiplier : the better you do, the more XP you get. This is a very good addition in that it forces you to play well and try different things (do not lose combo, do not get hit, use different takedowns, etc.)They made something different with the boss fights, which are sort of based on quick time events (QTE). While I'm not a fan of QTE, to say the least, it does make up for more cinematic fights and the game is quite forgiving in that if you die, you'll get to retry at the last ""stage"" of the boss fight you died in. The ""amount"" of QTE depends on the boss, so not all the fights play the same.""I've read everywhere that this game is GLITCHED to the bone!""On that matter, my quick recap as of november 2014 :-the main campaign does not suffer any bug or glitch ;- I did not encounter any problem in the side-missions.Yet, there are two things. First, the game can sometimes ""bug out"" when you need to interrogate a thug. The ""Y"" icon does not appear when you get close to him.It can be fixed by restarting the fight. Since this bug is quite rare, the fights are quite cool and the restart option quite forgiving (you respawn close), it's ok.Second, and this one is not ok, is a glitch with the Enigma datapack. Now, this is particularly annoying because in this game, they made it way more appealing to collect the Enigma datapacks than it was in AC. In Arkham City, I did not really want to look for and solve all 400ish (!!) datapacks. Simply did not want to. In AO, the datapacks are fewer, and they have a much better integration in the game. You get to interrogate thugs which reveal the locations of a few datapacks, which then appear on your map. This is great. But at least one puzzle (extortion file 3, datapack 6) is glitched : you cannot complete it.Which defeats the purpose of collecting any of them, since you can't complete the collection in the end. Really bad.Also, there is agrapple situation. You will not be able to move as freely as you were in AC. Many roofs will not accept your grapple, while they would have in AC. Even if you somewhat get used to it, it remains annoying during all the campaign because you always try to ""grapple up"" and can see many places where it ""should work"", but no, it will not. Mildly annoying.Final impression :So all in all : if you really enjoyed AC and are looking for some additionnal content, definitely grab AO. Despite its flaws, I actually had a better time in AO due to the very satisfying combat system, meaningful achievement system, map interface, decent story, good predator maps, etc.For me, it has a been a better AC."
76561198136005760,Recommended,209000,11115812,"Posted: 7 July, 2014",all,shakes,"Great storyline, good boss fights. I Love the game, Don't know why people are ♥♥♥♥♥y about it."
,Not Recommended,209000,9199359,"Posted: 20 February, 2014",all,Jon | BOTV | Essentials.TF,"I loved this game when it came out, the story line is great and the ideas of a younger Batman is also good, but its filled with bugs, like originally with the Burnley Comms Tower being slightly bugged (which developers said they would fix). Now, that whole area is bugged with buildings not loading (they're not solid and have low res textures).Do not buy this until they fix the bloody bugs."
76561198069159152,Recommended,209000,31191877,Posted: 16 April,all,wrb41977,"Arkham Origins is the prequel to the Arkham games. It has most of the features of those games, just tweaked a little here and there. The voice acting is different from the original two, as most of the Animated Series cast didn't reprise. Still the action is great, the plot interesting enough, and the visuals amazing."
,Recommended,209000,24518579,"Posted: 25 July, 2016",all,Giladinator,"Don't no why people don't like this game.. yeah i have experienced minor bugs throughout the story but it's really nothing terrible.It is just as good as Arkham City,Very similar and just as fun!"
76561198044709703,Recommended,209000,11273994,"Posted: 16 July, 2014",all,Deadeyes the Clown,"I enjoyed the game. I know I know, its not as good as Arkham City yada yada yada. I didn't have that expectation of it to begin with. I was expecting another Arkham game and that's what I got! If you just enjoy the series you'll enjoy this game as well. A prequel to Arkham Asylum and Arkham City (also different developer) I felt it did its part in filling in the story while providing satisfying gameplay.Can't state it often enough, I'm a sucker for boss fights, and this game had plenty of them. Loved the plot of having assassins all coming after Batman.Also, Shock gloves forever!"
76561198086452986,Recommended,209000,9731793,"Posted: 5 April, 2014",all,gud222,Fun game! :)
,Recommended,209000,18273539,"Posted: 1 October, 2015",all,SpikED,"I recommend this game for newer people to arkham series. It's a nice introduction to show what happend in the previous two. It's a bit dissapointing for people whom already played the first two because it doesn't introduce new mechanics, however there is done a graphical improvement if we compare it to the first two, story adds a younger version of characters and a likeable story.Pick this game on a sale if you know you would love this series or if you want to try it for the first time and you don't feel like skipping it. I compared this game too much with the first ones, but I can tell you that this game stands on his own feet."
,Not Recommended,209000,13517877,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,Gortag,"It is a Batman game, like the two Batman games that came before. It does nothing to really make it stand out and, to be honest, I rushed through the story because the side activities weren't grabbing me and I just wanted to get it done. I don't recommend it unless you just want to play just another Batman game. If so, then, this is Batman with no sprinkles."
76561198140313141,Recommended,209000,15134212,"Posted: 30 March, 2015",all,Josie,"WB may have patched the bugs that everyone is complaining about (or maybe I'm just lucky) but I just finished the rather short campaign and never hit any bugs that affected gameplay. The occasional FPS drop and unresponsive counter attack, yes. There felt to be a lot of loose ends with the main story that aren't addressed by the end of the game. Without giving too much away, there are certain villains that take a back seat as the story goes on and the game never revisits them, instead pushing the Bat towards one or two of them until you start to forget about the others. Overall, it's your basic Arkham game: smooth combat, strong storyline (except for the previously mentioned issues) and lots of bonus objectives after the completion of the story. Overall rating: 8/10"
76561198154397620,Recommended,209000,15654248,"Posted: 2 May, 2015",all,PokemonBlast,Great Arkham game i like that it has online multiplayer
,Recommended,209000,34404718,Posted: 21 August,all,Insignificance,"I want to make it clear that yes this game is similar to Arkham City but it's also very different, you know what? Let's just get into the darn reveiw:Gameplay:The gameplay for the most part is that of Arkham City's. You'll notice however some things are different such as the ice grenade being replaced with the glue grenade which is later discovered in the DLC that it wasn't going to work out due to the substance it was made of deteriorating away quickly after creation and thus why it was not in use during the other Arkham games. I do beleive the Shock Gloves are also new but apart from that for the most part the gameplay is the same. As for online, I don't like it and I don't know much about it, this is mainly a reveiw for the single player game and not online.Downloadable Content (DLC):Now firstly to cover the challenges, if your into testing your skills even further then the storyline and free roam gameplay then the challenge DLC are great and me myself find them very difficult. Then there are the skin packs which are really nice skins (much better then Arkham City) and if you're into that then this is the game for you and you should certainly get them. Finally the Cold Cold Heart DLC which is basically Harley Quin's Revenge DLC from Arkham City. It was my favourite expeariance in the game and I won't reveal too much but it presents a new seperate free roam and in this free roam access to a whole new suit. I don't like to talk about the DLC much but now I'd like to get to talk about the great story.Story:So this game is set before the events of Arkham Asylum and so on. Not just does this game get to show Batman's original relationship with the GCPD (Gotham City Police Departmant) but also how he first got to know the Joker and the impact he had on Batman. I don't like to spoil too much of the story but I think this game best portrays the mental state of Batman and also his struggels.Conclusion:One thing I haven't touched on is the much larger free roam area Origins presents in comparison to Arkham City and to that it's all up to what you prefer though I do agree the free roam in City is better. The missions are also practically a repat of City. In my opinion however the suits (skins) and the general storyline is better. I love Origins as it gives a deeper insight into Batman but I can easily understand why people would prefer City. It's another one of those games where it's all up to you really look for. I hope this helps and if you choose to buy the game then I certainly hope you enjoy it."
76561198069565538,Recommended,209000,33385506,Posted: 8 July,all,NamoET,"First of all I got to say I am a huge Batman fanboy and would probably like anything related to the character.But this game isn't good just because its a Batman Arkham game it makes you feel Batman's struggles in his early career.This review has a minor spoiler for the games ""Batman Arkham Asylum,Batman Arkham City,Batman Arkham Origins and maybe for Batman Arkham Knight,I didn't play the game yet""not to worry though as I marked them as spoilers for the people that didn't play those games yet and will start off the series with Batman Arkham Origins.Pros:1-Shows Batman's first interactions with many of the villians including The Joker which was my favourite part of the story.2-Has really great combat mechanics like any other Batman Arkham games.3-Great stealth mechanics like any other Batman Arkham games.4-New gadgets that were really fun to use.5-Epic and I mean EPIC boss battles,you really feel badass and untouchable,and the combat doesn't feel repetitive as the game has many different moves for different bosses.6-Detective parts where you can interact with the crime scenes and solve them.Cons:1-It may be a little bit too short for some people,it didn't bother me much though.2-Some people seem to dislike The Joker's appearance in every single Arkham game yet but I really like him as a character so I wanted him to appear somewhere in the game.3-Some people see the game as a filler game which may be true but its definitely as good as the previous Batman Arkham Games.Overall I really reccomend the game for Batman games or people that just want to play a really good game. By the way I played the previous games on the PS3 so thats how I know those games."
76561198086530004,Recommended,209000,16829132,"Posted: 1 July, 2015",all,ExTaZzy,"So, after many people asked me about it, here it is. Batman: Arkham Origins feels like a game from the Arkham Franchise. But also, it feels completely different.. The story, the music, the sounds, the gameplay, everything seems to be completely different in comparison with Batman: Arkham City, Batman; Arkham Asylum and Batman; Arkham Knight, but at the same time, you can feel that it belongs to them, on the one or other wise. It is indeed not as good as the other parts, but it deserves to be called ""Arkham"" nevertheless. If you should buy it? Definetely, if you already have the other games of the Arkham Franchise and like them. But if you dont know the others, i would advise to buy another Batman game, like my all-time favourites Batman: Arkham City and Batman: Arkham Knight."
76561198202132163,Recommended,209000,23460358,"Posted: 8 June, 2016",all,Levi Ackerman,My favorite Arkham game!
,Recommended,209000,11299384,"Posted: 17 July, 2014",all,[MoS] Naelok,"Arkham Asylum and Arkham City are tough acts to follow, but I think Arkham Origins manages it okay.The gameplay is more or less identical to previous games. You are Batman and it's your job to leave a trail of bruised faces and broken bones through Gotham. One gets the impression as you float over the city that maybe this place isn't worth saving, considering that every single citizen of Gotham is some sort of thug or hoodlum that's plotting to rob the local jewelry store. The game tries to sort of justify this by saying there's martial law, but it's a tad ridiculous.Sometimes Batman even comes across as being the bad guy. A bunch of times I was floating around the city, saw some guys on a street corner and jumped in on them to start punching. Doing that a few times reminded me of Scott Kurtz's ""My Parents Are Dead"", which I don't think is what the devs were going for.So for future installments, having some actual civilians in the city (maybe even areas of the city where people don't try to come punch you on sight!) would perhaps be a good idea. Though I think Arkham Knight starts with Gotham being evacuated so I can't imagine that improving.Overall though, there are some great character moments in here, particularly with the Joker (who completely steals the show from these c-list assassins they have around). And the sneakysneaky/punchypunchy gameplay is just as great as it always is. So grabbing this title is not such a bad idea.I won't be doing the post-story collectibles though."
,Recommended,209000,12803109,"Posted: 5 November, 2014",all,Jamesifer,"Best. Game. EVER.No, but seriously, AWESOME. Okay, so, I had to restart 10% of the game because of a glitch but still, GET THIS GAME! GET IT NOW."
76561198067886234,Not Recommended,209000,12142403,"Posted: 18 September, 2014",all,Martin,Hugely disappointing game with several bugs/glitches.
76561198075262758,Recommended,209000,9723730,"Posted: 4 April, 2014",all,THC' Cookme,more like batman Arkham Origins. because its a ♥♥♥♥ing jail. ♥♥♥♥ this game 9/10 for ♥♥♥♥s given
,Recommended,209000,17658894,"Posted: 22 August, 2015",all,OhNoo Studio,Don't listen to those who tell you this is the worst Batman game! I finished it and I enjoyed every second of it! Love the Joker appearance and other bosses! Setting in a snow is nice. Graphics is top notch!
,Recommended,209000,25765760,"Posted: 29 September, 2016",all,driscoll42,"Did you like Arkham City? Did you want more of it? Then you'll like Origins. Did you not like City? You'll like Origins even less. It's the same gameplay with minor tweaks, and the same open world with minor tweaks as Arkham City. So still a very solid game just... nothing new. Sure yes, it does deal with Batman's origin story, but that's not enough to make it an amazing game, just a very good one which is quite enjoyable.8.4/10"
76561198018603774,Recommended,209000,24110975,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,Eider,"The short of it is that this game is a lot like sitting down to eat seconds of a good meal. You've tasted it all before (City, Asylum, etc.), but seconds are filling. The food does the job. You're able to walk away from the table without feeling hungry.Chiefly, I recommend Arkham Origins for the story. It has a numerous plot threads but the primary story concerns the nature of the relationship between Batman and The Joker.Batman and The Joker are cut from the same cloth. They are two sides of the same coin, and their material base is Gotham City. This alone isn't too relevatory if you've seen any of the movies or Batman:TAS. The interesting twist this game supplies is that once having established Batman and Joker as twinsies, so to speak, it digs a little deeper into their respective obsessions for one another.The Joker, of course, plays horribly contrived games but in playing these games he attempts  to carry them to a logical end in a way that will fundamentally reveal the true character of the players. In Batman's case, Batman with little push, violia, might show that underneath his cowl is a clown with very green hair.Fun! Right? It's okay. Batman and the Joker essentially have different answers to the same question, and since I referenced food at the start of this review, I may as well reference it again (and I think this line is used in one of the movies): how loyal do you expect a good dog to be when hungry?The one bad day can turn someone onto many different roads. In the Joker's case, it made him into a crazy. In Batman's, the bad day riddled his being with guilt. The real question is about whether the bad day is an indicator of fate or free will. My leaning is the Joker, at bottom, believes no hungry dog is a loyal dog. It's nature. It's chaos. It's whatever you want to call it. We are all animals destined for a brutal, disappointing life. We just need a little push to reveal our true face. Batman would likely disagree. Life may be one vile task after another, but we have the choice to let it affect us in such and so a way.Anyway, there's a lot more to say here. I jotted down some of the thoughts I had (whether they be right or wrong) after initially completeting the story of the game. There's plenty to think about and for that I give this game thumbs up."
,Not Recommended,209000,12009049,"Posted: 6 September, 2014",all,Maha Vailo,"After the critically accliamed Arkham City, this does not live up to its standard. WB Montreal really screwed this up. From bugs and DX11 glitches to random game crashes, this game has it all.A real shame as the storyline is still pretty good, but the lack of support from WB into patching the game is astoundingly blatant. This game could have been another favourite of mine but I felt suckered into buying this thinking it was going to surpass Arkham City.They also love to spam unskippable logos of the companies, thanks now we know who ♥♥♥♥ed this game up everytime I start the game up.My rating: 5/10Would have been a 3 if not for a redeemable storyline if you have the patience to deal with the issues of this game.....Do not reccomend"
,Recommended,209000,25520806,"Posted: 15 September, 2016",all,PhantomNet15,"Cheap Sale ReviewI'm thinking of doing this whenever the game I had is on sale. Maybe push someone who's on the edge on whether or not to fork out that little dollar they have or make them have a second thought of buying it. Mild spoiler ahead.Batman Arkham Origins(2013) is aspin-offprequel to the Batman Arkham Series developed by WB Games Montreal and Splash Games. Preceded by Arkham City(2011). The other trilogy is developed by Rocksteady.Just like other Arkham games, the combat is enjoyable and can be addicting. It's like playing rythm games but with violence and bone-breaking.You need to push the right button at the right time. With variety of enemy, you'll need to adapt to their different patterns. The additional ranking system, where your combo is judged and marked is a nice additional feature for me.There is also more buildings you can get into compared to Arkham City which I think makes the game feels a bit fresh and new rather than feeling you play Arkham City all over again.The predator challenge where you have to take out enemies one by one is challenging enough. Throughout the game, enemies are more adapt to your techniques. If you keep taking them out from above, they'll mine the gargoyles or ledge. Take them down from below too often, they'll throw bombs. Taking your time to knock them all out , they'll put mine traps.You can also explore the Batcave. You can gain XP by having cheek-in-tongue conversations with Alfred who complains about bats in the Batcave. You can also have virtual combat challenges and training in it.Though debatable, Origins might have the best story compared to other series. It has more emotional side to it. It explores Bruce Wayne as a man full of rage rather than just as his inexperience as Batman and learn what it takes to be Gotham's Knight. He learns he can't challenge Gotham alone. The villains feel really fleshed out. Great rouge galleries. Especially Banewith his ability to outsmart Batman.The story alone is enough reason to play this game. It really felt different out of all the entry in the series.Buuut, Arkham Origins come with it's many flaws.If Arkham Knight suffers from bad port, this game suffers from questionable game design. I'll nitpick the little ridiculous bit first. Why Batman, master of combat can't break thin wooden plank. That's like the first thing you break if you learn martial arts. In the game, you have to explode it with the explosive gel.The map design to say controversially, is lazy. A big part of it is literally a revised copy of Arkham City. They do make it bigger by adding additional area but that only make travel through the city feels more like a chore. This has to do with Batman's navigation ability. Batman can grapple boost to a building to travel faster. Problem is the speed of his glide and grapple boost is the same in Arkham City. Batman's navigation mechanics and the speed may work in moderately sized, condensed map as in Arkham City but not when it's big as in Origins. I think it needs to be faster.To be fair, they had relatively little development time. And the publisher, the infamous WB more or less wants this game to be made just to keep the hype for the franchise alive as Arkham Knight took 4 years to complete.The nygma challenges and collectibles is such a drag as you have to backtrack anything you missed in the huge empty buildings with nothing to do as you had cleared the enemies earlier in the game.The story is great. IMO, the strongest out of all the series but I can't help but feel it was just a retold of separate stories that had been written in the comics which was tailored together perfecly. The man who laughs, The Killing Joke, it's all there. Tailored together and was changed here and there. The other two series Asylum&City, though inspired by the events in comics, their story stands on their own.Was this game worth your time? Yes, definitely but I suggest you play Arkham City first. I think it will give you a feeling of an expansion from the previous game. Deathstroke's fight is great, Anarky's a great philosophical fight and the DLC is the best out of all Arkham series's DLC. The cold,cold heart and Bruce Wayne's training in Korea/Japan(I don't know. I think there's a cultural mix-up in the dlc)."
76561198123154496,Not Recommended,209000,13239915,"Posted: 5 December, 2014",all,NormalGuy217,"This game, Does not work as a sequel. If you own Arkham city, don't even think of buying this game. It is almost exactly a reskin of Arkham City, with a larger map and less memorable levels and boss fights. The map is a slightly modified version of the one from arkham city, with a very large bridge and a equally sized island. The story is okay, but the boss fights are absolutely terrible. Even on the easiest difficulty, I almost broke my monitor on the Deathstroke and Copperhead boss fights, which try to be like the Arkham city boss fights, but fail miserablely. All of them are 0/10 apart from the last Bane battle, which is fantastic like the Mr Freeze fight, exept you cannot hide or run ANYWHERE because of the small size of the room you are in, and Bane is charging everywhere. The combat is great as normal, but the developers could not hold themselves back from adding the Joker. Over all, this game is the same price as the Arkham city GOTY edition, but is worse. Just buy the Arkham City GOTY version. It is better, Funner and far more replayable."
,Recommended,209000,8828164,"Posted: 24 January, 2014",all,[黑烏]BlackRaven,"Batman Arkham Asylum in the Batman series covers the previous story,which is good and enjoy the action I saw one article hit sensitivity, respectively.Later, Batman Arkham Asylum and Arkham CityBatman series is the content of the movie in order to enjoy a game that you can understand.Even if an error occurs in the middle of the game-play except that a good game.So ratings are as follows.8 out of 10 points."
,Recommended,209000,12858181,"Posted: 9 November, 2014",all,Kraken9,"just for the sake of completion in Batman Arkham Series. Game stands on its own it brings nothing new to the game. If you play city after asylum, you'll be blown off by the new ideas and open world. Don't expect something like that when you get Origins after the city. combat system is excellent, no doubt about it. the new addition-detective mode is a disappointment-just point- click -longer click. storyline is not much. multiplayer is a good idea(two mobs fighting and a third party Robin/Batman) gone wrong in execution.shooting in multiplayer is abysmal.voice acting is good though Get it for single player andget it on sale6.5/10"
,Recommended,209000,26480334,"Posted: 7 November, 2016",all,ididntusethespacebar,Lots of negative around this game as it's not made by the same people as the other games. I completely disagree with these ignorant people and can easily say this is one of my favourite games of all time. Pick this game up now so you can have a game on multiplayer before it gets shut down this Decemeber! It's pretty damn good!(I even nominated it for the Steam Awards 2016)
,Recommended,209000,34070503,Posted: 6 August,all,Eobard Thawne,You can play as Batman.
,Recommended,209000,18158844,"Posted: 23 September, 2015",all,✪ kirhoN,"Excellent game, i got surprised when my computer runed it, the game works perfectly, but there are some bugs that made me angry, but everything was fine, it doesn't require too much graphics and it have a very good story. So i recommend this game for everyone. ;)"
76561198111074609,Recommended,209000,8265421,"Posted: 24 December, 2013",all,Vladimir Putin,yep fun
,Not Recommended,209000,9906635,"Posted: 22 April, 2014",all,SaltSlasher,"This game is crap. He took all the great things away, and gave me stuipd grading on how I fight, tell me I am dumb even if I whoop some butt and don't even get touched.Basically give up playing the game when you get to Deathstroke, at least on Hard. I fought that guy like 10 times, and went touchless the whole fight, and at end he still finds a way to win. No matter what you do, perfectly counter every move, he still gets to hit you. Even when you grapple him, 5 times out of 10, he still counter acts, and still hits you.For this one fight alone, and all the stupid fighting I don't want to do, this game pisses me off more than any. What is point in putting this fight in there, besides to just♥♥♥♥♥♥people off. I am opposite of a button pusher, and I am playing a game that relies on fast button hitting, and they are wanting me to do learn the guys moves, and even when I do, he still freaking gets to hit me. I call BS on the studio, becuase this game sucks, and I don't plan on finishing it. I rather restart and play on Easy rather than face that guy 1 more time."
,Not Recommended,209000,9113913,"Posted: 14 February, 2014",all,w.4rhead,"WB Games Montreal did many things well and can be compared to Rocksteady Studio's Arkham games.The story is equally thrilling, the game has a great usage of characters (with the exception of Deathstroke, whose potential wasn't fully used) and has the same gameplay with little additions (like a bigger map), though without innovation. Music and voice actors are still awesome; Troy Baker successfully follows in Mark Hamill's steps.The character models are even better than in the previous games (I needed to get used to Joker though.) and you get an average multiplayer mode that is enjoyable for some time.There is only one reason why I can't recommend the game, though. It is buggy as hell. The worst bug is a problem many gamers had with this game: At the finale the game stops recognizing the input from your mouse and keyboard. So if you want to beat the game you need to use a controller. And if you don't have one: tough luck. The bug is known and yet they said they will prioritize on putting out a DLC instead of fixing it at the current time."
76561198139499779,Recommended,209000,12687051,"Posted: 29 October, 2014",all,tawheed.sajed,Can't get enough of this game... waiting for the next part...
,Recommended,209000,12704974,"Posted: 31 October, 2014",all,Hogix,I'm the Dark knight!!
,Recommended,209000,12735239,"Posted: 1 November, 2014",all,HexGinnkgo,"It may not have the gripping, egdy story of Arkham Asylum, or the pulsepounding gameplay everyone loved from Arkham City but this game still holds a place among some of the greatest Batman games. Simply because the overall formula in terms of combat and manuerverability around the now expansive city of Gotham, it has been given low marks. Personally, I feel that the storyline presented in this iteration of the Batman: Arkham franchise is one of their most unique and intriguing yet. It has shown a much more human side to The Dark Knight than has been seen since the end of Akrham City. Throughout the games, we simply know he is the Batman but here where learn WHY he is the Batman. That should be more than enough to grant this game a playthrough."
76561198057329846,Recommended,209000,12736598,"Posted: 1 November, 2014",all,Epicgamer008,Your Fricken Batman Why wouldn't you get it?!
,Recommended,209000,12792254,"Posted: 4 November, 2014",all,Zoltron,"An excellent take on the beginning of batman, probably one of my favorite story arcs for the bat in a long time."
76561198032084767,Recommended,209000,12827343,"Posted: 7 November, 2014",all,Rogue,Best one I think of all!
,Recommended,209000,12996993,"Posted: 18 November, 2014",all,Duke Silver,"„You do realize, it is Christmas Eve, sir?"""
,Recommended,209000,13017065,"Posted: 20 November, 2014",all,Forklift,story is great everything else is the same but i guess  if it aint broke dont fix it
76561198135252234,Recommended,209000,13020361,"Posted: 20 November, 2014",all,[38NC.K]CBaker,"While I do recommend the game, I must preface this by saying it has an enormous number of bugs and glitches which are at times game breaking. Furthermore, even on my PC which is exceptionally good, the game CTDs constantly. When the game *does* choose to work though, everything I loved about Arkham City and Asylum is there."
,Recommended,209000,10925730,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,Donkus,"This is the game Arkham fans deserve, but not the one they need right now."
76561198050578400,Not Recommended,209000,9943106,"Posted: 26 April, 2014",all,Crocodile Stam,"Batman Arkham Origins is a game developed by  WB Games Montreal. The game has an amazing combat like the previous Batman games but i seriously dont recommend it. The game itself doesnt give the player the sensation of playing  Batman as a Superhero. The casting is so weak, so weak!. Bruce Wayne looks Feminine  , and Alfred like a pedophile and pretty much every character design is bad. If you intend to buy a Batman game just buy Arkham asylum or Arkham City. Personally i think this game was a waste of money. I am just going to wait for the next Batman game which is going to be developed by Rockstar."
,Recommended,209000,19734789,"Posted: 16 December, 2015",all,Izhaaq996,The Magnificent Origin Creation of Warner Bros. which will be a legend as long as the Batman gaming community lives and keep loving Batman.PRAISEDandAPPROVED
,Recommended,209000,23763470,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,𝓜𝓻 𝓥𝓲𝓷𝓽𝓲 #𝓐𝓒𝓢,"Great game. Hard to do 100%, but it's worth the effort. Liked the mechanics, the story. Loved the game. Looking forward to play the other Arkham games. I recommend this game, as it gives a good start to Batman. I rate it a 9/10. Not a 10, because it doesn't let you do the dark knight challenges as you wish, it makes you do them in order, and if you don't focus on them from the beggining you'll have to finish them in NG+ or IATN modes. Which is a lot harder, and takes you much more time. But in the end, you'll get 'em too"
76561198024489483,Recommended,209000,10609882,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,Trentos,"Though, very similar to it's counterparts, the game is still an extremely enjoyable experience. Definitley woth a pick up by the average Joe and a must if you're a fan of the series."
76561198011965365,Recommended,209000,20285793,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,Saint Aaron,"The events in Arkham Origins take place about five years before Batman: Arkham Asylum, in midwinter Gotham City. This is batmans 2nd year for fighting crime.  The entire game is trying to catch/stop black mask and trying to get rid of the assassins which black mask has placed on you whose names are ""Deathstroke,firefly, copperhead, deadshot, Electrocutioner, Shiva, bane, killer croc. You do get to see Mr.Freeze, Riddler,  joker, and penguin. The game does have a nice way in introducing how Harley Quinn and the joker met.Pros-Steam trading cards & achievements-Fast Traveling-Boss fights are some of the BEST in the series-Story-Riddler puzzles-Many locations previously unseen: Gotham City proper, the Batcave, Wayne Manor, Blackgate Prison, ""Arkham City"" BEFORE it's urban decay, the GCPD-Very own batcave-biggier mapConsNo real serious improvements in regards to gadgets, enemy types, or other basic gameplay elements"
,Recommended,209000,24967497,"Posted: 16 August, 2016",all,Debryth,"The game got a lot of criticism when it was released, but Arkham Origins is a great telling of the origin story of Batman as well as having quite an open world (Bigger than Arkham City). I really don't have anything bad to say about this game (Besides the annoying deathstroke boss fight...) though I would recommend playing Arkham Asylum BEFORE Origins as you can see the evolution of the Arkham series."
,Recommended,209000,15964708,"Posted: 23 May, 2015",all,fuze,"Great game, lots of fun!"
,Recommended,209000,10906675,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,Will,Great Game.
,Recommended,209000,11984079,"Posted: 4 September, 2014",all,Lexten,Pros:-Great stealth-Great combat-Great story-Great voice acting-Bigger map-New game plus-Epic boss fightsCons:-Very few riddles and challenges-Deathstroke can only be played in the training room-Not much replay value besides new game plus-Pretty much Arkham City in terms of combat and stealth (this is kinda a pro as well because the combat and stealth were perfect in the first to but maybe something a little different wouldn't be bad)-Poorly optimizedAll and all this game is great. The pros really cover up most of the cons and the cons (for me at least) aren't really a big deal. This game is totaly worth checking out especially if you played the first 2 Batman games.
,Recommended,209000,16299218,"Posted: 10 June, 2015",all,Issa gold,Love this! Just get it and play! Amazing!
76561198048000035,Recommended,209000,11105200,"Posted: 6 July, 2014",all,Booty Boi,badass
,Not Recommended,209000,11796339,"Posted: 20 August, 2014",all,Jim_Partridge,"This was a big dissapointment unfortunately.Arkham Asylum and City were both epic games that were both strong on story and on character. Here all of those elements are stripped away and you're left with the bare bones fighting parts of the game without much purpose.The story is so thin. A bounty has been put out on Batman. Rather than just sit in his cave or spend the night as Bruce Wayne, he heads out into the city for everyone to take pot shots at him. This story is set back when Batman had only just begun apparently. This idea had real potential as we saw in the recent Batman movies but other than a brief mention of it at the beginning there's very little attention paid to this element in the game. And he has the Batwing! Which he never had in the earlier games... so he starts out his career with a freaking jet that he somehow looses later on? Comon!!All the gadgets from the earlier games are also present which doesn't make any sense chronologically either.I've no idea where the Origins element came from but I get the feeling its just a marketing ploy.After ten mins of playing the game you realise you've been here before. City didn't feel like it was just more of the same. It expanded on both the gameplay and story of Asylum's more focussed efforts. This really feels like a mission pack.i would only recommend this to the most die hard fans who won't mind that there's nothing new here."
,Recommended,209000,9749638,"Posted: 6 April, 2014",all,Pete,"Will we ever see the conclusion to the story of Darth Maul? The world may never know. If only one could frolic throught the inner city like we did in the first (being Goldeneye of course). This game brings back all that 60's nam nostalgia you've been craving since that batshit crazy gook bit off your ear, and includes a wonderful soundtrack of whale noises if you preordered it. IF you were to translate it, like I did, using my whale-vionic sound system, you would know that thee whales tell you the tale of our hero as you play.A line from the reading that I found particularly haunting was.... ""OoahawaAAaoOuosuao""Such beauty in the inflexion there. Similar to James Earl Jones' performance in Scoursese's ""The Lion King"".Anyways, with saggy shorts like these, who could resist this update to the saga?"
,Not Recommended,209000,10964842,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,Lowen,"I can deal with a game that's a bit buggy, or has serious issues on launch if they get fixed.This still has serious game stopping crash bugs in it though, which apparently will never be fixed.My progress in the game is halted by a persistant game crash after defeating a bunch of thugs in the ship while going after the penguin. I'm only 5% into the game on the mission ""Final Offer"".Don't buy this for any price.Update: Buying a new video card fixed the crash bug I was getting, the game seems ok now. My old card was a 512mb 9800 GTX though, which is above the minimum system requirements. So I still don't recommend this game, it seems like the system requirements aren't accurate or the game has serious hardware compatibility issues."
,Recommended,209000,9673289,"Posted: 30 March, 2014",all,Max Ravage,Batman is an arseface to Alfred.It's alright.
,Recommended,209000,18443154,"Posted: 12 October, 2015",all,Nirai,"Fun, amazing, and enjoyable. Now you know why (and the reason) Joker do all the things you see in Nolan's Trilogy Movie.And play this after you finish Arkham Asylum and Arkham City."
76561198096082307,Recommended,209000,7661897,"Posted: 15 November, 2013",all,Fizzle,"This game is a ton of fun! It's story is so much fun, and there is a huge amount of side quests. It has it's fare share of bugs but its not enough to make it a bad game!"
76561198080967539,Recommended,209000,8775797,"Posted: 19 January, 2014",all,TheTopHatter,"I love this game, at least the single player story, it expands on Arkham City with a even better story, better graphics and better gameplay, the multiplayer is.. eh and I had trouble finding full servers but 9/10"
,Recommended,209000,19058421,"Posted: 13 November, 2015",all,maxjjfish,its funny
76561198075581768,Not Recommended,209000,10808092,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,Gyu,Don't buy it!!! It just doesn't work. It is full of bugs.Played only 7 (!!!) hours then I got stuck because of a stupid bug...and nobody cares. They just don't fix it (believe me I tried to ask for help - they were sorry...).Shame. Loved the previous games. This seemed good too.DO NOT BUY IT!!!
,Recommended,209000,12330450,"Posted: 2 October, 2014",all,Billan,noice 8/10
,Recommended,209000,11411654,"Posted: 25 July, 2014",all,Awpward,"This is a tentative YES. If you have enjoyed the previous Batman games, play this one. If you havent, play the first two instead. It doesn't offer anything new or improve in any way, but it is nevertheless playable. The combat feels a bit more disjointed and rugged compared to the other two games, and can become infuriating when you are constantly getting grabbed or Batman swings at nothing, but the story is neverthless a Batman-esque experience that is mostly enjoyable. The music is excellent and the world is acceptable, however it feels a bit sparse and empty. There are several bugs, mostly non-intrusive, but enough to stop this good game from being a great game.7/10"
76561198006893472,Recommended,209000,17905899,"Posted: 5 September, 2015",all,Fear2288,"Pros:- Good sized open world that's easier to traverse thanks to Batwing fast-travel points- Many locations previously unseen: Gotham City proper, the Batcave, Wayne Manor, Blackgate Prison, ""Arkham City"" BEFORE it's urban decay, the GCPD, etc- Solid cast of characters we haven't seen, nor heard of in the past two titles (Deathstroke, Copperhead, Firefly, Shiva, Anarky, etc)- Enjoyable, challenging ""boss"" battlesCons:- No real serious improvements in regards to gadgets, enemy types, or other basic gameplay elements- Combat is less fluid and responsive than Arkham City- Conroy (Batman) and Hamill's (Joker) talents are missed but their replacements aren't bad- Traversing the world is easier but there are still some areas that are unnecessarily hard to get to- Technical issues- Lower quality cut-scenes- Story starts strong but falls apart and becomes erratic by the mid-pointThe Bottom Line:Many write Origins off as a bad game due to the simple fact that Rocksteady wasn't at the helm. Granted, perhaps if they had developed this game we would've gotten more improvements and new gameplay elements but WB Montreal didn't do a poor job with emulating the basic structures and aspects of the Batman: Arkham franchise.However its that lack of anything entirely new and game-changing that makes Origins one of the weaker installments in the franchise. Combat is much the same as Arkham City save for a little less fluidity and responsiveness, the gadgets are either exactly the same or are different looking but serve the same purposes, and the open world is larger but still relatively empty except for roving groups of enemies.All-in-all, the only ""new"" ideas Origins brought to the table were the ""martial artist"" enemy type, fast travel points, more boss battle engagements, and the crime scene/detective-mode investigations (the latter being good enough to appear again in Arkham Knight to some degree).For me though what holds Origins from being a favorite is the story. It's not a bad story, I actually liked the idea of Blask Mask putting out this bounty on Batman and having eight different villains/assassins come after you. Yet, this plot gets abandoned only a couple hours into the game and suddenly the antagonist changes two or three times and the remaining 75% of the story just feels like a series of side missions that you play one after another. It loses focus and thus any kind of consistency, pacing, or enjoyable resolution/climax.So while Origins certainly isn't the best of the Arkham series it really isn't as bad as some would have you believe. It's enjoyable for numerous reasons - most stemming from the never before seen characters/locations and intense boss battles. Definitely a must-play for Batman fans.7 Glue Grenades out of 10"
,Recommended,209000,20169256,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,"Lint, Total Eclipse of the","PC port is rather buggy, and overall feels uninspired.Its been out for 2 years, the game is on sale for 5 bucks, the dlc is still 10."
76561198067187240,Recommended,209000,32904449,Posted: 27 June,all,Domeshot ROB,"This is a great batman game. It has all kinds of missions. Of course you have the return of the best Batman villains like the Joker, Two-Face, Penguin, Riddler, etc.; but you also have side missions. In one mission you solve a bank robbery. In another mission you rescue hostages. In one mission you help Police nab burglary suspectThe fighting mechanics have been improved and new gadgets are includeRobert HollinsRichmond KY"
76561198015988964,Recommended,209000,8915103,"Posted: 30 January, 2014",all,[Hait]Regi23,"I didn't expect to mush of this game, but i was wrong, great game."
76561198046246107,Recommended,209000,9663742,"Posted: 29 March, 2014",all,Juan Talon,"Really good BatMan game, I love it :D ! 10/10"
,Recommended,209000,9739262,"Posted: 5 April, 2014",all,JAX RX,"I recommend this game because I have fun playing it and It's a bit of a challenge. If you like Batman and or action adventure games, you will most likely enjoy Batman: Arkham Origins."
76561198012783229,Recommended,209000,9887652,"Posted: 20 April, 2014",all,Spug,Batman doing Batman things.
,Recommended,209000,9711626,"Posted: 3 April, 2014",all,Mr. Gone,Its Batman how could you go wrong?
76561197992159424,Recommended,209000,9834056,"Posted: 16 April, 2014",all,Stealer,"I really like this version, it has just built on Arkham City and tweaked things a little.It's still very much the same format as the previous incarnations.There are lots of unlockables as well, which I still haven't fully unlocked.Looks really nice in DX11-enhanced.I bought this in the sale and have easily had a good 20 hours out of it already, with still more to go.The story line isn't quite as good as the Arkham City; is the only draw back I can think of."
,Recommended,209000,9657203,"Posted: 28 March, 2014",all,crippknottick,"Performance:It's like Arkham City 2.5, but with much better optimization on PC. The Direct X 11 effects don't hurt the frame rate nearly as much as in City. The PhysX are also very well optimized. I can run this game at a steady 60 FPS with High PhysX (via GPU acceleration), max in-game settings with Direct X 11, 1680 x 1050 resolution, 16x anisotropic filtering, but with anti-aliasing off. I am running on a single GPU so I'd imagine with a dedicated PhysX GPU the game will max out with anti-aliasing maxed as well. (CPU: i5-3570K, GPU: GTX 660 2GB, RAM: 10GB DDR3, M/B: inexpensive Biostar board, OS: Windows 7 64-bit)Story:The story is actually pretty good. There are some twists along the way, but you may not like them. The twists were weak and predictable, but all else it was like playing a longer version of Arkham City with a young, unproven, Batman, ankle-deep in snow. (and the snow in this game is really cool and unique)Niches:A lot of the gadgets are the same as the previous game. Some 'new' gadgets provide the same functionality as the items they are supposed to replace. One truly new gadget called the remote claw launcher can smash enemies together by working like a double ended Batclaw launcher. You can also use this gadget to break fire extinguishers on the badguys' heads, or even string them up on gargoyles from a remote location. The latter feels a little bit overpowered. All the stealth elements are still intact with the addition of about two new moves (if even that). Flying around is like before except you get the upgraded grappling hook from the get-go. The best nich in this game is having the Batcave as a home base where you can interact with Alfred the butler.Acting:Voice acting is phenomenal. After about ten minutes of game time you can't tell that Batman's and the Joker's voice actors are replacements. They do a great job sounding like the roles they are filling. Occasionally, though, the new Batman voice actor goes all Christian Bale-mode in tense situations.Combat:Combat is the same as the previous game, along with many of the unlockables. The unlockables were broken down into smaller parts making you take longer to gain XP and unlock the same features that were more accessible in the City. This may be a good thing or bad thing depending on your play style. Myself, I like to not level to max and have everything before I even complete 50% of the story mode (Biggest offender of this was Saints Row the Third). So for me a little more grind is not a bad thing.Graphics:The graphics are top-notch as expected with this franchise. The city is gorgeous and brilliantly decorated for the holidays. The snow sparkles in the blue, noir moonlight. Seeing the backside silhouette of Batman with the back-lit blue moon is screenshot/desktop wallpaper worthy. And the best part is these moments just happen once in a while at the right camera angle. So unless you are intentionally trying get a noir Batman silhouette screenshot you will never get overexposed to it making it feel fresh and perfectly timed.Audio:Audio can be quite strange at times. I don't know what API is being used, but I've had much better experiences with 3D-positional audio in games from 1999.Replay Value:Game play time is estimated at about 15 hours for newcomers to the game and about 10 hours to those familiar with the Arkham series. That is playing the single player, non-challenge map 100% of the way through with all collectibles. Every minute spent on the game is fun and worthwhile. There is never a dull moment. There is also the New Game+ mode for an extra challenge, and the new ""I am the knight"" mode where if you die even once it is game over and it will save it that way too. Overall there is about maybe 30 hours worth of time to milk out of this game."
,Recommended,209000,9701733,"Posted: 1 April, 2014",all,Xeiva,"This game recieved lots of hate from critics for being incredibly derivitive of the previous titles in the series without delivering much innovation at all and because of that it's scores were pretty low when compared to the previous games. However what we are getting is more Batman with the same strong cast of characters, and honestly; that is all I really want."
,Recommended,209000,9693995,"Posted: 1 April, 2014",all,Dumplin,10/10
76561198143942972,Not Recommended,209000,32704314,Posted: 23 June,all,Muie Titanic,"It'a a nice game with a great story and good gamplay,but is full of bugs,and that stopped me to play it.Don t buy it at his original price."
76561197979235262,Recommended,209000,29192823,Posted: 11 January,all,Killer bozzy,"I've read the other reviews on this game and expected the worse but after completing arkham city ( it took me 5 years) i was pleasantly surprised how much I'm enjoying it,  good graphics,  humour,  goid level locations great voice acting probably my favourite out of the three highly recommended"
,Recommended,209000,7887694,"Posted: 2 December, 2013",all,Capt_Blakhelm,"Buy? Likely.Is BAO more worthy of a 7.0 than a higher score as IGN review. In my honest opinion, yes. Sure, that score comes from the same people who were happy to rate arguably the most iterative popular game series, Call of Duty, with scores of 9 or higher, which doesn't make sense when their biggest argument for the score is the lack on innovation....By that standard, BAO would get a 10/10.My score boils down to the fact that while there is still the solid, Batman Arkham series base mechanics and design, there are many minor or moderate imperfections compared to previous games.Number one issue is the bugginess, with the infamous Lacey Tower Glitch (now fixed), interrogation glitches, geometry collisions glitches and to me, the loss of combos or the missing of attacks more than I should have compared to previous games (this could be an issue with my controller or just me).Number two, the total lack of detail and flair compared to the previous games - there is less color variety (mostly greys, blacks, greens, and occasional blues), practically no environmental easter eggs and references (though, you can argue the fact that the villains don't have the ability to uniquly mark their territory like Arkham City because civilians and cops are still present), no interesting items to scan (except for Anarky tags), less entertaining Riddler/Enigma quest (The interesting Riddler trophies are now just boring Grey and bright green datapacks, that some how James Gordon didn't notice on his back wall with a BLARING GREEN LIGHT. The puzzles are immensely easier than BAC and argueably kind of stupid, and makes you wonder how Enigma thought Batman couldn't get them. Admittedly, Engima is perhaps less experienced/adept and hasn't became ""The Riddler"" yet).Number Three, a near complete lack of innovation and recycling of assets that makes BAO feels like a glorified DLC for Arkahm City. While it it great to see what ""Arkham City"" was before it was Arkham City, the vast majority of the city is a damn near copy and past of AC, but without all the interesting signs, graffiti, displays, and destruction. There are still a few neon signs and normal billboards, but the city feels ironically less alive despite the fact that cops and civilians are still present (in which you never see any hint that civilians are still in the city except for murder cases, abandoned cars, and occasional hobos). The combat is mostly the same with a couple of new gadgets: A concussion sticky grenade that stuns small groups of enemies and shock gauntlets that makes Batman overpowered. Thankfully, the camera angles are improved when you make the last hit of a fight, however, it seemed I would miss attacks or loose combos unnecessarily and the combat feels even more reliant on countering relentlessly attacking goons. Thanks to a combat bug, many times I would finish a fight with a group while one thug was still in a fight stance, but not attacking. The game would recognize the fight as complete and give you XP, but you woulld have to punch or batarang the enemy (which sometimes misses at POINT BLANK). I even had another bug where a thug got stuck in a car and I had to use explosive gel to get him out.The mutliple problems with the game left me feel like I should breeze through the story as fast as I can to get it over with. However, the story is definitely the strongest point of this game. You get to see the character dynamics between Batman, his Bruce Wayne identity (which honestly, may have been better if explored just a little bit more), and characters such as Alfred, the Gordons, and Joker. The more cunning, Less dumb Bane of the earlier games (Which is explained in the story) and the discovery of the Joker kept me interested despite me essentially knowing what was going to happen since this is an Origin story. The problem with the origin story is though, you don't get alot of information of the pure origins of Wayne becoming Batman (the suit and gear, the first outings of The Bat, his training and pre-Batman Life) and publisher/dev made the decision to put this content in upcoming DLC, because they can and want to make money. As for the predator (stealth segments), they work exactly the same, which is fine with me, but you will be stuck in Detective mode 95% time and sometimes you wonder how goons miss Batman grapneling or sneaking right in front of them.I have yet to mess with the multiplayer. The idea stems from a little assemetry thanks to two groups of thugs shooting each other (with apparently terrible gun mechanics from what I read) while dealing with the threats of Batman and Robin and the mission to ""summon"" the playable bosses Bane and the Joker.In the end, despite my criticisms, it's still a mostly solid Batman game that fits within the Akrham series and if you're a big fan of, is still worth playing. The base mechanics of combat, gliding, stealth and exploration are still here in full force - it ticks all the marks of a Batman Arkham series game, but just does that and nothing else - which makes the game uninnovative (comapred from the shift from Asylum to City) and the city is nearly so dull and drab that it made me want to rush the game. The huge fan that I was, ordered the collectors PS3 edition and thIs PC version to download/install overnight since I couldn't pick up my PS3 version on midnight and had to wait until the next store opening - I now regret that because I've spent too much money on this. If you were waiting anxiously for the next Arkham game, then definitely get it, but if you're like Many Steam gamers with massive backlogs and can wait, then look out for a 25-50% off sale or better."
76561198266497369,Recommended,209000,21112400,"Posted: 10 February, 2016",all,Aaron,"Updated review: Would recommend this game even more after beating the main story.I was hesitant at first to buy this one because of a variety of negative reviews, however, I'm more than glad I bought it anyway. Despite the fact that WB copy/pasted much of Rocksteady's original designs from the first two games, I think there's a lot to this game that actually makes it better: Bigger world, Batwing fast-travel, actual Batcave, seeing what Gotham looked like before half of it got walled off and became Arkham City, etc. But of course, reviews are generally based mostly on opinion, and mine is that the game is awesome and worth the normal price and damned sure worth the sale price.There's also the issues many people have with the game not woriking/glitching/freezing/etc.My laptop, shouldn't even be able to play any of these games but they doPraise Jesus!, and this one actually played smoother than the other two. Granted, I play it on the lowest settings possible, including changing the DirectX 11 down to 10 (Google it; Even though it's rediculously simple to do, I'm not taking responsibility if you try it and screw up your computer!)My only real complain with the game itself isToo much Bane! Now, I know WB was trying to cash in because The Dark Knight Rises and all that, but seriously, there was just too much of him and it got annoying, in my opinion. But at least for once it wasn't too much Joker, which is a first for a Batman game.Second Update:And ♥♥♥♥ The Riddler. Seriously, after all that ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t and busywork, Batman just closes the ♥♥♥♥ing case without even finding him. I haven't played Arkham Knight yet, but if/when I do, I'm not even going to ♥♥♥♥ing bother with the ♥♥♥♥ing Riddler. At least in Arkham City you got to pull his stupid♥♥♥♥♥through the floor and tie him to his own machine and pester the crap out of him for a bit, but this one and the Asylum were absolute ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t - All work and no reward. ♥♥♥♥ The Riddler in his stupid cocky♥♥♥♥♥ Seriously, ♥♥♥♥ him and the game developers who insiston making him part of every game. Yeah, I'm♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥Still a great game though.I would recommend the Bat-crap out of this game to anyone, especially when it's on sale, but even at the regular price.So, basically, this:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6Fb9M1e-cNc"
,Recommended,209000,35397555,Posted: 1 October,all,Twisted_Lemon,"my 1st game owned on steam. the weakest of the series, but definitely worth it."
76561198355696584,Recommended,209000,28989556,Posted: 3 January,all,daveysayshi43,"good game but, at least for me, it had a bad fps"
76561198065539546,Recommended,209000,11529021,"Posted: 2 August, 2014",all,Nash益,"The following is in this review-Pros and cons of Batman Arkham OriginsBatman Arkham Origins compared to the other arkham gamesWhat Rocksteady should do for the futureBatman Arkham Origins story takes place several years before Batman Arkham Asylum. In this game you play as the one and only Batman trying to stop yet again villians on the loose in gotham city. In paticular, you are trying to stop a crime lord named Black Mask, and the eight assassins he's hired to try and kill you for 50,000,000 dollars.The games story overall was interesting and I have to say compared to the others, the story was just as awesome with the plot twists and all. However, if I were to compare this game to the game that came before this, (Batman Arkham City) I have to say there was really no difference what so ever. Sure, you can play as deathstroke, and sure, the story is different, and sure they're are some new villians, but besides that what was the big improvement of this game?Batman Arkham Origins honnestly feels like if you were playing Arkham City, but you bought some dlc that took place before arkham asylum, with a different story. Combat is the same, if anyway different its gotten alot harder, although it does have a bit of a different feel to it. Same gadgets, same challenges, and not even that much bigger of a map. Now, I will say this. The boss battles/fighting with the villans has improved and generally feels great. Although the combat hasn't changed, if you do like a good challenge then its for you.Since I haven't played arkham city in a long time, I can't really tell if this game had more or less side quests, but I have a feeling there are more, and if not, the same. The riddler challenges are little bit eaiser as your map can now locate almost every challenge in the game, other then finding them on your own, but only really do it if you want to...put hours in this game? Or perhaps if you're very fond with the riddler, and want to catch him.The voice actor of Batman in the game sadly wasn't Kevin Conroy and instead was Roger Craig Smith. I suppose the intention of doing this was to...perhaps make the player feel it was a more younger version of Batman? The voice actor for Joker has also changed, but I never really even realised it did. The one and only Troy Baker is the voice actor for The Joker, and has done a great job. Compared to the last voice actor, they're both awesome.Now when it comes to DLC for this game, there are some ups and downs.Cold, Cold Heart had a decent story, and the main villians focus on the penguin and Mr. Freeze. You also get to play as Batman in his new Environmental Bat/XE Suit. Some features inculde a fire batarang, and instead of shock gloves, you have heat gloves. There is free roam, but you can only explore half of Gotham instead of the full two areas. After the story, you can do mainly three side missions. You can unfreeze all the people who have been frozen, stop anarky from once again terriozing the city, and tag anarky symbols. I'd say its worth the 10 bucks. On the other hand initiation and the skin packs didn't really feel worth buying. The skin packs are honnestly dumb, compared to city, city had amazing skins. Arkham Origins skins were as if the designers of the game minds were up there♥♥♥♥♥and tried to make a good costume while it was. The challenges are only worth buying if you find the game easy. I personally am just fine with easy, normal for me almost felt like ultimate towards the end of the game.Initiation doesn't really even feel like a story, more like just a bunch of challenges in korea with Bruce without his suit. For those of you who don't know what initian is, its basically the story of how Bruce learned his ways of martial arts, knowing the way of how to fight, and overcome his fear but also to use it and fear others. That is what it was suppose to be, but its just a bunch of challenges as far as im concerned. Sure there is a chellenge campaign, but one cutscene for every challenge with Ras Al Ghul giving him challenge after challenge. Where is the real story here? There isn't, and its also pretty challenging. I would reccomend though beating the game first before you try it. If you want to play a game that shows Bruce actully before he became Batman, either play Batman Begins for ps2 (great game), or watch the movie. (Movie is pretty good. 9/10)Mods in this game are pretty fun, as they're mods where you can be Deathstroke, Anarky, Joker and some other villians and roam the city. Only do this if you've beaten the game though. There are some costume mods, but I could only find ones that are the suits from the batman movies. Other then that, there isn't really anything else big for mods.Overall, I have to say, the origins of Batman put into a game is good if you do it right. It honestly just feels like arkham city though, and there wasn't really a big difference compared to city. Only really get this game if you want a good Batman story or to play as deathstroke. Besides that, there really isn't a point getting the game.As for the future for Rocksteady with their new Batman game, Batman Arkham Knight, I will say this.Now I am the type of person to expect a game to be good, but also to be expected unsurpirsingly bad. But, I will say this. Batman Arkham Knight looks honnestly, amazing. The gameplay shows promise, the graphics look great, batman himself looks awesome, and you get to drive the godamm batmobile. I am also excited to see the arkham knight into action and know the story of who he is and all that. Although the trailers for most games are half truth half bull, I have faith the game will still be pretty great. And compared to the other arkham games, this looks likes a whole new generation of Batman and I have some faith Rocksteady can make an even better Batman game in the future with the next gen consoles.As for Arkham Origins -8.5/10"
,Recommended,209000,9967266,"Posted: 28 April, 2014",all,JukeB0X,"One of the best games out there with a great storyline. Better than the previous version, doesn't get better than this."
,Not Recommended,209000,12174149,"Posted: 21 September, 2014",all,Bjork!,"After nearly a year after release, falling through floors and being unable to restart before the glitch occured is STILL A PROBLEM. It appears the only support this game is getting is DLC and 'fixes' which don't fix anything and instead layer on more problems."
76561198047602313,Recommended,209000,10521446,"Posted: 18 June, 2014",all,RedPing l Dabook,"This Batman has ruinded Batman series. The way i feel isn't the same like previous Batman. Feel boring very quick! BatmanAC & Asylem let u choose your ability without need to unlock certain abilities, but this Batman does. Batman's jet can't use!! untill you done the missions! poor optimization. It just boring...6/10 Batman sleepy"
76561197999883331,Recommended,209000,16049385,"Posted: 28 May, 2015",all,DestinovA,"This game gets a lot of hate and I don't know why.  I can understand people being upset by game breaking bugs, I had one such bug when the game initially released, but it was patched within a day or two.  I can even understand people being upset by annoying bugs that happen frequently, in which I had that as well.  But none of that matters when you're able to be sucked into such a beautiful world of beating the crap out of bad guys looking like a bat.  If you love anything about Batman, you need to play this game.10/10"
,Not Recommended,209000,10905126,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,Zūmuu,"DO NOT BUY THIS GAME AT FULL PRICE!!The reason i say that is not because the campaign is bad or the multiplayer is plain and boring, it's purely due to the sheer amount of bugs and glitches that currently exist in this game. If it wasn't for the bugs that liter this game, then this game would be a full fledged complete package that would be well worth your time and money. The single player is very good overall. the graphics are great, the pc port is managable, the game mechanics without a rebind of keys is reasonably good and can be used easily when put in comparison to a controller. the multiplayer admittedly being rather sparse in terms of it's game modes and amount of maps, is fun, enjoyable and can get very tense especially in the hunter, hunted game mode which plays like search and destroy in call of duty in the sense that you have one lifeand one only, die and thats it, very emersive indeed. But the bugs in this game seriously hamper the amount of enjoyment you will be able to extract out of this title. in addition to the bugs, the developers of this title have no current plans to fix and improve the game which is bad and near insulting to hardcore batman fans and fans of the previous arkham titles. therefore i cannot recommend buying this game to anyone unless you are willing to encounter and ignore the near game breaking bugs that currently exist in the game then by all means play and enjoy but for the rest of us, i suggest staying away from this game."
76561197992726035,Recommended,209000,10589845,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,gone_offroad,"I don't understand all the negative reviews, this seems to be just as good as the previous games. That being said i haven't completed it yet, but for $15 you can't go wrong"
76561198090142328,Recommended,209000,13248613,"Posted: 5 December, 2014",all,Splorzak,You like Batsy? You'll dig Origins!No more skin tight speedos like arkham city.Pros - Beating criminals senseless- Upgrading to beat more heads in senseless.- Sneaking up on unsuspecting (head's about to be beaten senseless) criminals.- Alfred cares about you.Cons - Waited too long to buy it.
,Not Recommended,209000,12146183,"Posted: 19 September, 2014",all,Edwahd,Just play Arkham City for the 8th time instead.
,Recommended,209000,23336593,"Posted: 1 June, 2016",all,Trisideon,"For a Batman game, it has lots of RAW EMOTION.9/10"
,Not Recommended,209000,10871999,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,lynkaoden,"Compare with Arkham City, this game is a huge step back. I did not played asylum but I LOVED Arkham City.The feeling was completely gone. For Arkham Origins, there are a lot of minus marks :- There are bugs. Serious buys, I played the game for 20 mins and stucked just because i killed the thug wrongly. I need to restart the whole game- Batman is too powerful. You can litterally just press X to win. The thrill of silent kill in Arkham City had gone.- The new puzzle system sucks. I still log in to Arkham City now and then to find Riddler trophies. For Origin? Dont think so- The new bosses sucks. 8 assassins. 0 impressions like Arkham CityConclusion : Buy Asylum instead. Dont waste money on Origin."
76561198074323971,Not Recommended,209000,12143533,"Posted: 18 September, 2014",all,Haflurgaflur,"After suffering through a horrible first impression, I waited for the devs to fix it. Unfortunatly they didn't. I have a mid range game rig so was not expecting the game to look good, so I set the game at my benchmark given to me by nVidia, annnnnd, 10 fps max. I set the settings lower and I got even LOWER fps. This was after the sopposed ""fix"". Note to everyone out there my specs fit the requirements. I waited 3 months and reinstalled the game and nothing was fixed. So I did some browsing and found a unofitial patch that took out something in the graphics but the game ran ""fine"". The game was not even that good. The combat was the same we've seen, not even any new moves/animations. Also the story was entertaining but had little logic and some of the villan side missions (like Anarchy's bombs) felt forced. Overrall if your computor can get passed the obviously false system requirements. Then you can suffer through a game that has nothing importent to show you. Overrall statement 5/10."
,Not Recommended,209000,10809498,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,Veraxus,"First of all, this game appears to have built entirely from recycled Arkham City maps... and before I get on to the rest of my complaints, I'll point out that this, more than anything, contributes to feeling that Arkham Origins is just an extremely half-baked expansion pack for it's vastly superior predecessor.The narrative, if you can call it that, is held together by a single fraying thread... and you feel like you stumble from one uninspired set piece to another with nothing logically or emotionally tying any of it together. That alone wouldn't be too horrible (this is an action-based videogame, after all) except...Ye gods, what did they do to the combat!? The loosy-goosy combat has gotten so simple that you barely need to participate to make progress, that is, until you reach one the game's absurdly annoying QTE-laced boss fights. We're not talking the occassional QTE either, but full-blown, unavoidable, QTE-centric battles.Look, this game isn't fun. Or good. There are better games out there and this contributes nothing to the Arkham franchise. It's not just not worth your money, it's not worth your time. Spend both on something more rewarding."
,Not Recommended,209000,7594342,"Posted: 7 November, 2013",all,froakiethroat,"A functional but uninspired addition to the Arkham series, and arguably my biggest disappointment of 2013.Takes the great framework left by Arkham City, but doesn't really do anything to improve upon it (with the exception of the new crime scene missions), and new combat tools such as the shock-gloves remove a lot of the challenge that came from planning your approach to each fight.Coupled with a completely throw-away multiplayer componant, its a somewhat enjoyable, but totally unnecessary entry in the series.Bottom line: Asylum and City are two of the greatest games of this past generation. Origins isn't."
,Not Recommended,209000,9772884,"Posted: 9 April, 2014",all,medaltable,"-> MINOR SPOILERS AHEAD <-Batman Arkham Origins when it was initially released had too many bugs to count, that frankly not only ruined the overallexperience but in some cases made the game literally unplayable. Having played the previous Arkham games and seeing the Trailer for the game I got really hyped, it looked promising. So how does the game fare?-Intro:To start off - the setting is great, playing the role of an unrefined Batman struggling to survive on Christmas Eve being targeted by 8 hired killers of Black Mask and the one and only - Joker whilst getting to know himself, what he wants, his ambitions and goals in life and who he is or will become, how to world views him. Meeting familiar faces and forging the friendships and rivalries we know and love from DC characters.-StoryThe Story is mediocre and it throws its trump-card, the big reveal WAY TO EARLY!I don't want to spoil anything so I won't continue with this section.-The WorldThe game starts at the Blackgate Prison Facility, being overrun by criminals, and the beloved ""super-criminals"". Batman has to investigate who is behind the prison break and put an end to their deeds. While the prison segment is great, the intro fantastic, and later being introduced to all the assassin that you will face later on, with amazing backstories and cinematics, through that little segment the goals are set and you have a purpose as a player and as Batman!<->And it pretty much goes downhill from here except one or two points in the game.<->Getting to explore all of Gotham sounded great! (on paper) The game features the same places as Arkham City, adding in the rest of Gotham (an island south of the Arkham part) Two equally large places for you to travel and explore! The game introduces a fast travel option which makes the whole exploration thing a lot faster getting from place to place. One of the biggest drawbacks of this game is that freeroaming Gotham isn't as fulfilling or satisfying as the previous game.The world is really bland (going as far as to say the city feels dead at some parts). The snow that is covering ALL of Gotham is there so they can hide the fact that they are unable to create a lust and immersive city for the player to explore and interact.You will feel like you are making circles around the place or just seeing the same places over and over again, because you can't tell where you are going or making progress, forcing you to open and close the map every 5 seconds to get your bearings. Both upper and southern Gotham, are 99% most of the part boring, they don't offer any interesting places to explore and the places that are rehashed are more interesting that the new places (solely for the fact that you want to find how much bland the Arkham City part is).In contrast-> Arkham City felt alive, every detail there made the gameworld so much more vivid and much more interesting to explore, it gave the motivation to learn more about this place and its habitats/prisoners/criminals. Listening to prisoners talking to each other, badmouthing their bosses, witnessing prisoners bullying other prisoners, other random events, from the carefully placed billboards featuring known places to people who read the comics or seen the movies. Everything was placed with care and Rocksteady with respect to the Batman/DC lore. Getting to know the villains from their interesting and long side-missions, sympathize with them and pity them at the same time.[That brilliant writing from Rocksteady isn't here to no-ones surprise]-The Side-mission CharactersWhile great in the comics, here they are pushed aside for no reason, the missions are rushed and the payoff isn't at all great or fulfilling and you will end up wanting more of these characters, without recordings, no other interactions, all but one or two missions are very anti-climactic and feel half-arsed. The other new addition is the ""extensive"" (in quotations) detective mode, which would have made you feel more like Batman, while the concept seems promising it isn't executed well. The game will hold your hand throughout all of the investigation scenes, telling you exactly where the interaction points are, while looking cool and impressive your involvement in this as a player is minimal at best.-The GameplayIts pretty much the same as City, but slightly changed so that is more forgiving with the addition of some charged fists weapon. The combat might seem the same to a lot of people but from my experience with it, it is more cheap that City, when a enemy swings his fist, sometimes it connects when it shouldn't and feels more clunky and unnatural,(Like the Batman vs Bane fight in the Dark Knight Rises, HEYO!)I came to that conclusion because having finished every Riddle combat challenge with every character in Arkham City, (which is a lot) I have a near perfect understanding of the combat system and can safely say that they ruined the combat formula by changing little things here and there.The last things that needs to be addressed are the-Boss Fightsand-Voice ActingBatman is not voiced by Mr. Conroy anymore and Joker not by Mark Hamill. Which turned many people off, it was little discouraging I'll be honest, the fact that THE definite voices for these two characters are getting replaced is off-putting. Batman's new voice is surprisingly very fitting and suits the character and timeline VERY well, the actor portrays him faithfully and is a welcome addition and worthy (If you may) to play the Batman role.On the other hand we have Troy Baker taking the role of the Joker. Honestly I was in shock when I heard his voice in the game, the laugh was SPOT ON and portrayed the character to a T. I'll go on a whim and say that he is ON PAR with Mark Hamill, In my humble and honest opinion no-one could have voice this Young Joker more *perfectly* that Baker. I was honestly scared when he made a threat (Like the Nolan Joker) always laughing even when beaten to a pulp.They can't replace them but where a welcome and great addition to the franchise.The thing that is bar none, no questions asked, no argument here: are the boss fights (most of them a least)The payoff is fulfilling and deserving to call itself an Arkham game based on how it handled the boss fights.For the most part they are diverse and unique. The most hyped battle in the game with Deathstroke, delivers ALL it promises:(Black-Bar Short Description about the fight )---Very Minor Spoilers---Fluid combat, different stances/phases, gadget integration, PRECISE counter-presses, satisfying and INTENSE fight sequence. The fight will be most enjoyed with Hard mode ON, NO COUNTER-ICON indication.It is one of the best boss fights ever and the most difficult in the series yet.Losing 4-5 times before nailing Slade. The downside is that you will never see Slade again, only in some ending cut-sceneFINAL PART (PROS)1)Fantastic Voice Acting2)Great looking visuals/textures3)Great Boss FightsFINAL PART (CONS)1)Uninteresting Game World2)Mediocre Plot3)Bugs/Glitches (Gamebreaking ones, official patches/support ended)4)Unbalanced Gadgets5)Not fleshed out side-characters6)Multiplayer still unbalanced and may never be fixed7)Rehashed assets not put to good use.I wouldn't recommend this game despite its pros. They are way, way outnumbered, I would recommend buying Arkham Asylum and Arkham City, they are VASTLY superior to this title, its just not up to par. I could recommend it only to the hardcore die-hard fans of the Bat and the series and only after a huge price drop.---EDITOR NOTES---Thank you for reading my first game review, I want to do more of these so if you feel so inclined, PM me your thoughts, positive/negative, criticism is much appreciated :)+English is not my native language sorry for any syntax or grammatical error/mistakes."
76561198022080369,Recommended,209000,9901132,"Posted: 22 April, 2014",all,Daemonkin,"A compadre of mine recommended that I keep my expectations low when going into this gae, so I did. I expected little more than a bit of mindless, Batman flavoured fun, and for the most part that's what I got. There was a brilliant, and all too short flash of what it was like to BE the joker, but other than that, this game is basically more of the same.If I had one major criticism, it's that I think they threw away the chance to make a really good origins game on this piece of hasty cash cropping.6/10"
,Recommended,209000,14414222,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,Sanlumiere,"This review can be wrapped up in a single sentence.Not as bad as many people will say, but not good enough to carry the Arkham series name.This game is utterly passable. The controls, looks and overall execution are just fine (as they should be, since it's primarily just borrowed from the previous titles), but the scale of the game falls significantly short of Arkham City.I don't think purists will be the only people irritated by the anacronystic, and fairly schizophrenic, way that this origins Batman has advanced, and regressed, from his Arkham predecessors... wait... successors... well, you see my point.Anyway, overall, not actually a bad game, but when compared to the excellent games from which it was spawned, you must wonder if it's existance was necessary as it seems to do nothing to advance the franchise.That said, if cheap enough, and you just want more Arkham, pick up this game... just set those expectations down a level or two, and you won't be disappointed."
,Recommended,209000,26829069,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Deathstroke,"In this game, i had to overcome myself. I did it..."
,Recommended,209000,9650221,"Posted: 28 March, 2014",all,Target Bravo,"I'm a massive Batman fan. I know a lot of people claim that, but I challenge anyone to find a Batfan as big as me. I loved Asylum and City, and when I saw Origins was being delivered by a different studio, I swore never to play it.And then it went on sale.Figuring 'hey, what's ten bucks?', I bought it. I now have no idea what people are/were complaining about. Yes, there are some shortcomings when compared to the previous games, but that comes with any franchise. I mean, what if nobody played another Zelda game after Ocarina of Time? People talked crap about Windwaker, but it's one of my favourite games.Arkham Origins is a superb game. It's Batman all over. Does it hold up to its preceeding titles? Not 100%. But you can't let two near perfect games ruin a wonderful one. Is it worth $50? That's up to you. But if it goes on sale again, I thoroughly recommend picking it up. As long as you go in with an open mind you won't be disappointed."
,Recommended,209000,18893388,"Posted: 5 November, 2015",all,Andrew 林,"7.5/10.While it may not be as polished as the first 2 games, and it does have it share of bugs and glitches, Origins is a great pre-quel to Arkham Asylum. Plenty of DC villains, some I've never even heard of before, and the main story is a pretty wild ride.My only real complaint is the game's combat countering. It really takes some getting used to."
,Recommended,209000,34621014,Posted: 30 August,all,𝒮𝒾𝓂𝑜𝓃𝐸𝓋𝑜,"This is the Bioshock 2 of Batman Arkham. The best game in its series, but underrated as **** just because it was made by a different studio. The story is better, the bossfights are better, the gameplay is as good as ever, so are the graphics. I also loved the christmas-y feel to it - the snow, the decorations, sometimes even the music. Perfect for a Christmas eve playthrough."
76561198212049024,Recommended,209000,33012899,Posted: 29 June,all,Chunky Kong (FranktheDank),"why do people hate this game? it's really fun and addictingPros-New interesting villians that have not yet been seen in Arkham Games-Crime scenes now allow replayability of what happened/recreate what happened-looks good-plays well-tons of content-Egnima stuff is way more fun than riddler trophies-good voice acting-Good idea for a prequalCons-I have a good PC and this game runs fine, but when i'm at blackgate prison towards the end of the game, oh god no- (spoiler) OH FINALLY THE MAIN VILLIAN ISN'T THE JOKER, Oh wait nevermind- most gadgets are good, but some are terrible. The glue granade operates like the freeze blast from arkham city, only not as fun. and some other usless ones too.-I only dies twice throught the story not to bosses on Normal, go on hard if you are somewhat good at games8.5/10"
,Not Recommended,209000,9060720,"Posted: 11 February, 2014",all,PainKnight,"It's like they took everything bad about Arkham City and made an even larger game about all the bad parts.  Everyone and their sister has guns now so you can't just get into fights without getting wtfpwnd, and the game is terribly unclear about what your objective is.  It's just, ""lol u need to do this, but idk how loloololololl"" and last game you at least had the detective vision but now they added these jammers that ♥♥♥♥ that up so you can't see how you're supposed to progress, which I guess appeals to people who enjoy dark souls.Then there's that they made the city 3 times larger, then cut your flight speed in half, and you can't go faster by swooping down, oh no, cuz you see the human body travels just as fast going at a 5 degree angle as it does at a 90 degree angle.Just ♥♥♥♥ing terrible, the boss battles have been reduced to nothing more then press RMB and LMB to win.All in all 1/10."
76561198028086019,Recommended,209000,20747782,"Posted: 25 January, 2016",all,zais,"Arkham Origins is about the same game and setting as previous Arkham City.But overall, it feels less immersive than predecessor, sadly.I've enjoyed the story and it appears to be better than City and Asylum can provide together (probably because Origins has some nice references to Asylum and quite nice cinematic cutscenes)."
76561198276899663,Recommended,209000,32776054,Posted: 25 June,all,Krystic,"Very Good Game, have loads of online very challenging with people different levels its totally different to all the other batman games Really good I would recommend it."
76561198026141725,Recommended,209000,10238314,"Posted: 25 May, 2014",all,Jade,I'm Batman
76561198157312887,Not Recommended,209000,25653927,"Posted: 23 September, 2016",all,pesty,"boss fights boring and liner, could have been so much more lots of fetch boy missions. this one worth avoiding"
76561198114668590,Not Recommended,209000,25672768,"Posted: 24 September, 2016",all,Kevin,"This is a game that I can't decide whether I like or not.Pros:Great graphicsConsidering it's a prequel, decent storyFantastic bossfights (I think the best in the series)Exceptional stealth elementCons:The sound affects feel comic-like, rather than Arkham City's very satisfying sound affects, especially in combatDosen't add enough to make it feel like a new gameOpen world with not enough to do in itMultiplayer is unnecessaryEven though it was good, the story didn't feel as gripping as Arkham CitySummaryIt isn't a particularly bad game, but you would be better off with Arkham Asylum or City"
,Recommended,209000,29063030,Posted: 6 January,all,Skyzer,Best Game I've played so far.The cinematic scenes are on point as this is the only time I take screenshots of the game and display them
,Not Recommended,209000,8127917,"Posted: 19 December, 2013",all,Interactive Civilian,"For a Batman: Arkham [something] game, this game was incredibly weak and full of bugs. It wasn't terrible, but they managed to make the most important part of the game frustrating and inconsistant: the combat. In the previous Arkham games, combat flow was silky smooth, and guiding the Batman around the fight was intuitive and consistent. In this game, that all goes away. It is incredibly hard to maintain freeflow, often at no fault of the player (Batman seems to randomly miss blocks and strikes, no matter how you are aiming the camera, and sometimes it is impossible to target the opponent you want, with it seeming like Batman is attacking everyone except the baddy you want him to take out). If these issues were consistent and predictable, it wouldn't be a big deal, but as they aren't, fighting goes from fun to frustrating in a hurry.Going back and playing Arkham City after playing this game was like a breath of fresh air.This game could have been a worthy addition to the Arkham games, but when it breaks the very thing that makes the Arkham games so much fun, I just can't give it a positive recommendation."
,Recommended,209000,23225010,"Posted: 26 May, 2016",all,Willie,"Better than Arkham Knight, and Better than Arkham City in my honest opinion.  I enjoyed this game, people who vouch this game sucks, especially in comparison to Arkham Knight are people who enjoy and Swear that Call of Duty and all those ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t $60 triple A sell out games are AMAZING.  Origins holds it's own and is definitely a game I enjoy."
,Recommended,209000,33216668,Posted: 3 July,all,Alexa Bliss,OUR BEST GAME BATMAN ARKHAM ORIGINS ONLINE IS NOW OFFLINETHIR SERVERS IS LOCKED AND WE DONT KNOW WHEN THEY UNLOCK OUR GAMEBAO ONLINE IS NOW GONEON THEIR NET WEBS WRITE THIS: SERVERS BATMAN ARKHAM ORIGINS ONLINE IS NOW OFFLINE AND MAYBE FOREVER:(VERY BADGIVE LIKE FOR OUR BEST PLAYED OUR VERY GOOD GAMEBATMAN ARKHAM ORIGINS ONLINE R.I.P.
,Not Recommended,209000,11272457,"Posted: 16 July, 2014",all,Maj0r Muffin,The series misses a lot of it's charme lately. I usually don't care about superheros but the Arkham series had 2 semi good games so far and so i bought Arkham Origins. Nothing has changed and the Gameplay feels absolutely repetetive. Its the same problem I have with the♥♥♥♥♥Creed series. They hopped on the COD train and milk the games to the point where the games a unplayable.
,Not Recommended,209000,12159010,"Posted: 20 September, 2014",all,wolVenom,"Broken piece of ♥♥♥♥! Not only is this game full on poor design choises that ruin Arkham Citys great mechanics, but the game is so full of bugs that it's impossible to enjoy it and in some cases its impossible to progress in the game."
,Recommended,209000,9803171,"Posted: 12 April, 2014",all,lil lugubrious,If you like Lil B or pasta this game is for you.
,Recommended,209000,26076069,"Posted: 16 October, 2016",all,web_tracer,"Despite the fact that a big part of the Batman community reacted to Arkham Origins with unacceptance, my point is that this is one of the coolest and breathtaking about-Batman-game we have ever played. The atmosphere of Christmas Eve is incredibly impressive. Arkham Origins gives us the opportunity to plunge into an intriguing detective story and take part in the high-grade savage beat 'em up. Famous DC-villains are already waiting for us: Killer Croc, Black Mask, Bane, Firefly, Deathstroke, etc. Oh, hold on, Deathstroke. He is a hot potato, a real brutal mack daddy. You'll have to work hard to overcome him.I'm pretty sure that Arkham Origins deserves attention no less than the previous games of the series."
76561198060859946,Not Recommended,209000,12363174,"Posted: 4 October, 2014",all,Pepsi Man,"it is a great game but one bug made my 17 hours of gameplay pointless and i have to redo it,the bugs of this game should be fixed so it can be the game gotham deserves"
76561198071627843,Recommended,209000,27476587,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,CeDan3,"7/10Lacking compared to the other games, but still fun to playPros- Story- side mission- CombatNeutral- Hardcore mode is not even hardcore- Multiplayer- No enough playable character in challenge modeCons- Bugs and glitches- Lifeless city- Some villain are disappointing- No riddles like in the previous games- Nothing really new"
,Recommended,209000,18819584,"Posted: 1 November, 2015",all,NMBR1MRTL,"November 1st, and the sales are still runningin theHalloween Sale. The morning sun'sglow seems to bounce off Summer-Rain'sface as both of you leave your house.""Are you going back to class? I think I mighthave to get a doctor's note for today...""You start, rubbing the back of your head.Summer-Rain looks at you in an almostcondescending way, hands on her hips.""No. No way am I going to be seen walkingto class with you. What will people think?""Your heart sinks and you try not to make itobvious to her.""Although...""She begins,and your eyes meet hers only to see thatshe grabs you by the hand and leads youto school.""Come on! I have an idea!""Both of you are in a half-run, ending upin the computer lab for media students.You question why, and she beckons youto sit as she powers on two of the PCs.""Sign into your steam account and wecan play until the next class.""She winks,as she opens up her own steam client.""But the next class is at 4pm...""Shelooks at you with a dangerous glint inher eye.""Exactly. Since I can't be seencoming to class with you... might aswell spend some time while waiting herewith you, right?""She busies herself onher own screen and you try to ignorethe naughty thoughts that creep intoyour head.Looking at the sale,Arkham Originsis strangely discounted, with no otherof theBatmangames included. Not oneto turn down a good origin story and aBatman game, you click buy and thegame is soon yours.A breakout at Blackgate Prison is shownwithBlack Maskthe head honcho, alongwith the brutishKiller Crocas anintroductory boss fight. The action movesat a speed that is almost breakneck, and thestory engaging and compelling, drawing uponthe rich mythology ofBatman, the storiesofYear One,Man Who LaughsandtheLong Halloweenin particular.Combat is meaty, weighty, and at times,brutal. Against mobsters, ninjas, martialartists and mercenaries, Batman is neverwithout an edge, but the fighting isbalanced, fair and the controls are tight.Seven Assassins have been contracted byBlack Mask to hunt down the Bat onChristmas Eve. Gotham's bitter winter cutsyou from beyond the computer screen asmultiple side objectives with grueling andcompelling puzzles put you to the test bysome of Batman's soon-to-be regularenemies and villains.Summer-Rain realizes the amount of zealyou play with, along with the sickeningsounds of combat and gunfire.""Origins?""She exclaims, leaning in next to you asshe peers over. You exhale quickly, beingthis close to her was unexpected.""Yeah.""She observes in silence as you play throughthe Arkham Origins, the story unfoldingmore and more like an actual hollywoodfilm. When theJokermakes his appearance,Summer-Rain gasps and wraps her armaround your own, almost making you jump.She looks at you expectantly, and both ofyou smile at each other, before she leanson your shoulder and continues watching.""Idiot.""She mumbles.""Sorry.""You reply.""Class starts in 10 minutes.""She saysabsent-mindedly, as you fight Bane amida rooftop battle, helicopters surveying thescene.""When we get back to class...""she disengages from holding you, and youfeel all the more colder than a winter inGotham.""This never happened, loser. No one willknow, got it?""You don't know whetherto smile or feel sad, as Summer-Rain looksat you expectantly again, hands crossedabove her petticoat that flares out, drawingyou in as it accents her curves...""-Hey! Got it?!""She stammers, lookingmore adorable than angry.""Yeah. Got it.""Summer-Rain perks up, and says that she'llwait for you outside as she needs to gofreshen up. As soon as Summer-Rain shutsthe lab door, her face becomes determined.""Leave him alone.""She says, Ms. Novocaineright next to her, looking into the computerlab window.""Or what?""She whispers.""He longs for me... I know that much.""Summer-Rain's eyes narrow viciously,regarding Ms. Novocaine with cruel eyes,eyes that were once as cruel to you fromMs. Novocaine.""He doesn't even knowwhat happened. If he did... he'll end uplike Batman. Taking it out on the wholeworld.""Ms. Novocaine smiles an evil grin.""You make it seem like that's a bad thing.""Summer-Rain is steadfast now.""It is.""Shefiercely snaps back.""He deserves better.""Ms. Novocaine flips her hair back and strutsoff, waving her hand dismissively atSummer-Rain.""Does he deserve you?""You open the door to find Summer-Rainon the verge of tears amid the emptycorridor, the afternoon sun streaming inthrough the windows.""Summer...?""Youstart, when she spins round, burying herface into your chest as she holds youfor dear life.""Shh.""You reassure her.""What happened? Tell me...""She hits your chest with her fist half-heartedly as she demands through hersobs that the class will not know. Yourepeat her request to reassure her.""I wanna milkshake.""She says, lookingup at you.""I want to skip class and havea milkshake with you at the park.""Taken aback, you nod and smile slightly.""Okay...! Milkshakes at the park it is!""Summer-Rain leans her head againstyour chest.""Promise me something...""She begins, a new request of hers isimminent, you think.""Yes, Summer?""""Don't add me... to your burden.""Your eyes widen, but she holds youtighter now.""Those were alfred'swords...""Your breathing stops onlyfor a moment.""I promise, Summer.""You whisper,holding her tenderly as you reassure her.""...and I promise no one will know.""Summer-Rain sniffles, looking up atyou now, before an uneasy distanceis suddenly re-established betweenthe two of you. As you both reachthe doors of the school's entrance,you feel you need to say this.""Summer.""She is taken aback but how seriousyou made it sound.""Yes?""You faceher and offer her your hand.""Whatever you're going though,Summer... I will be here. For you.""She looks at your hand and thenback to you, before holding yourhand gingerly.""I know, my DarkKnight.""She says, as the both ofyou push the doors open, walkinginto the afternoon sun and towardsthe park.""...I've always known."""
76561198025582577,Not Recommended,209000,12467104,"Posted: 12 October, 2014",all,cowzen,"There are a couple great moments, but Origins is a big step back for one of my favorite game series.  The story is a joke, the environment seems dead, and the fantastic Freeflow combat system is somehow worse at targeting than the first game. I bought the game a fair time after release and still ran into more bugs than Asylum and City combined.  After playing I learned that development of the series changed hands, and it really shows."
,Not Recommended,209000,25580626,"Posted: 18 September, 2016",all,Pannox,"No Wonder this is Almost Non-Canon.Batman: Arkham Origins is a spin-off made by Warner Brothers,NOTthe same devepers as the original trilogy of the Arkham games (those are made by Rocksteady) and it shows. It really does.STORYAs the title suggest,this game takes place before any event of the Arkham games, precisely 2 years from the beginning of the Batman, for many just a misterious figure, with no knowledge if friend or foe. Obviously, the currupted police of Gotham sees it as an enemy, so it does his best to take him down.Anyhow, this Christmas EeveBlack Mask claims a bounty on your head of 50,000$ to anyone who manages to kill the Bat, on which 8 super hitmans, from Deathstroke to Bane, decided to give a shot to take the money and the glory. It's up to you to stop them and bring peace to Gotham.But something does not add up, since Black Mask might not actually be himself, but a new misterious figure, which-ok its the Joker, its on every advertisment, and it's an unwritten rule that you cannot have a Batman game without the Joker.If the premise sounds pretty weak, is it because it actually is. The other Arkham games always made sense, since Batman always found himself stuck in an Astylum or the city itself by a threath greater them him, but in this game the only reason he's tied to his city is because ""he must do what is right"", even tho is never really established that the citizen are in danger, except for the last moments where they throw in the classic underground bombs.The only really good part about the story is theJoker's origins: it follows very closely the source, and its very well exposed. Personally, I would have prefared if the plot stick more to this, instead of showing me aJoker who acts like a 12 years old on too much sugar.GAMEPLAYLiterally the same as Arkham City, but somehow worst. The grappling hook feels very unresponsive most of the time, and quite often during combat some moves didn't do as I wanted.But in the moments where I couldn't realize what was happening, the game was either trying to hold my hand way too much, or just flushing himself down the toilet with hisbillion bugs and glitches.when I say that this game isincredibly unpolished, trust me, it really is, and I'm not talking about performance issues. I never really had framerate drops or crashes, it worked fine for that, but in my playtime I had:-Enemies stuck in walls that stopped my progress-Enemies coming back from being unconcious staring at me doing nothing-Enemies flying away after a takedown-Ragdolls going crazy-Batman getting stuck in places-The takedown ability randomly stopped workingThis was quite frustrating, since it made me die, or worst, forced me to boot up the game from the start, killing the whole atmosphere.COLLECTABLESThis might feel like a pointless rant for lots of people, but hear me out:this game has the worst riddler collectables possible. I played every single Arkham game 100%, doing everything possible in each game. Arkham Asylum rewarded me with some really cool insight, and recordings that are incredibly well acted. Arkham City gave me a story line, and the possibility to punch the Riddler in his stupid mouth. Arkham Knight literally gave me an intense boss fight with the Riddler, and with the whole completion, a secret ending.So what does this gave gives you for discovering and completing everything? Absolutely nothing. Sure, you get some recordings in here aswell, but they're not as fun as Asylum, and they didn't even bother to give you and enounter face to face with the Riddler, or even him aknowledging the fact that you ruined his plans.There was no reward whatsoever, which really felt underwelming, and kinda made me feel ripped off. I do not suggest to even bother trying to collect everything from this game, if you care about completion like me.GRAPHIC AND MUSICIt's the same engine as City but more detailed, not much to say.It looks great, even tho the cape often glitched around instead of being amazing like the previous games, but not much of a complain.I actually noticed the textures had some troubles loading sometimes, but after a second of pop up, it would work pretty smoothly.The music was clearly not composed by the same author of the Arkham Trilogy. Don't get me wrong,is still ""all right"", is just not as effective. I liked the ""Nutcracker"" snuck here and there, since the game takes place in a Christmas setting. Other then that, not a whole lot that was incredibly stunning.FINAL RATING: 5/10This was pretty much a cash-in on the name of the Arkham games. They tried to replicate the exact glory that Arkham City earned by copying what they did right and not even trying to spice things up. It's just a lazy attempt to breath some fresh air on something that is perfectly fine the way it is. Warner Brothers, if you really want to launch yourself in those superheroes games, just bright us a new title with a new superhero, maybe a game about Flash, or if you don't want to leave your Bat-comfort zone, give us a proper Suicide Squad title.Just try for god sake."
,Not Recommended,209000,7547139,"Posted: 2 November, 2013",all,Snatcher NL,"Batman Arkham Origins is a mixed game with some notable highs and lows. I dig the story, the younger and rougher Bat, its enemies and the few new gadgets like the remote claw.But whereas Arkham City was an improvement  over its predecessor, this new Batman game lacks the thrills of the early games and is rough around its edges. Which is a shame.The current state of the game is also buggy to say the least. Just check the forums to see for yourself. Experienced multiple problems when playing which hurts the gameplay. I only recommend it if you are a die hard fan."
76561198053897339,Recommended,209000,8028013,"Posted: 13 December, 2013",all,Hyper_Knight,Just.. Amazing ! Because He is Batman !
,Recommended,209000,10626380,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,DEATHDEALER,"Not as revolutionary as the previous one, many visual glitches. However the game still delivers. It's entretaining, fast paced and very wide story line."
76561198079261217,Recommended,209000,10778375,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,mateothompson,"For the right price I recomend this game.  Its not as good as the Rockstead created games, but it will give you a fix of batman action."
76561198048974779,Recommended,209000,10804921,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,xDecimatorx3,Awesome game.  Recommend buying.
76561198072785171,Not Recommended,209000,9821580,"Posted: 14 April, 2014",all,The Joker,"For me its a disappointment, its sooo laggy and buggy its crazy i've never seen so much bugs in one game and laggy cutscenes, i have to watch the cutscenes on Youtube!!! Really?!? this is a downfall for the arkham games, AA and AC those games i love i play them over and over again this one ehh not sooo much dont get me wrong some parts are fun when its not laggy or buggy and i had to adjust the graphics settings soo it wont lag so much but it still lag and i never had to do that with AA nor AC . Wow im just glad Arkham Knight is coming out soo we can forget about this crap"
,Not Recommended,209000,9748599,"Posted: 6 April, 2014",all,pUcKeR,Fun but adds nothing new to the series. Storyline was far too short. No huge game breaking bugs that I ran into either than Croc clipping in the beginning. Best to pick up game when its a bargain.
76561198120353608,Not Recommended,209000,9762411,"Posted: 8 April, 2014",all,Cheezy,"Dear Gotham,I was Batman for a day, then I got tired of beating up bad guys and clones of bad guys over, and over, and over, and over again. Quite frankly, my work became very repetitive, tedious, and boring. The only cool thing was when my life felt like a cut scene from a video game. So, I have retired to a comfortable life of playing DayZ. Screw you gotham!Sincerely,Bruce WayneP.S. Good thing my time as the bat only cost me $10."
76561198026923587,Not Recommended,209000,9763793,"Posted: 8 April, 2014",all,Megalodon,"Purdy Grafix, Purdy Fightin', Purdy Gamply, Purdy Villianz, Purdy gajetz, Purdy Alfed, Purdy evyfing. All Round Purdy Game,-Recommended CampaignAbsolute ♥♥♥♥ing shithouse online. If you like waiting 3 hours to find a game and waiting another 3 hours on the loading screen then this is a game for you.-Not Recommended Online"
76561197972112755,Not Recommended,209000,9765927,"Posted: 8 April, 2014",all,Mr. Stogie,Too many glitches and not enough room to list them all. Running Windows 7 with an Intel i7 and a nvidia geforce gtx 660ti and 12 gigs of ram and still can't run this game for more than 5 minutes until it crashes. So much for direct x 11 enhancements. Would use them if I didn't mind all the anomallies. Therefore this game should never have been put on the store shelves. THE END.
,Not Recommended,209000,9766848,"Posted: 8 April, 2014",all,Gnikrutuf,"It's a copie of the arkham game series, and very very very very cheap."
76561198069539035,Not Recommended,209000,10043563,"Posted: 7 May, 2014",all,HARRY BORRIMAS,"DO NOT BUY! DO NOT BUY! DO NOT BUY! DO NOT BUY! DO NOT BUY! DO NOT BUY! DO NOT BUY!This is the worst AAA game I've ever played. It's unfinished. It's in Beta stage.This is a joke on us gamers. We should make a stand against this.Aside of that, EVERYTHING in this game is not fun. The story is bad, the gliding around the city is bad, the combat, the collectibles, the DLCs... everythings sucks about the piece of crap of a game.I love the Arkham series, but after this one... never again!DO NOT BUY!"
,Recommended,209000,7905994,"Posted: 3 December, 2013",all,Matybon,Beast
,Recommended,209000,27621394,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Lucifer,One of the best Batman Games I have played. Didn't play much but still I liked it.
76561198104328089,Recommended,209000,9774891,"Posted: 9 April, 2014",all,scionray,Love the way this game looks!
,Not Recommended,209000,9671711,"Posted: 29 March, 2014",all,Slpk,"Basically, a poor copy of the previous one. Don't waste your time. This may ruin your memories of the great, two-part, batman series."
,Not Recommended,209000,9298402,"Posted: 28 February, 2014",all,con man jones,"It's still the same old Batman experience, albeit with seemingly slower and less responsive combat. The setting should be familiar to fans of the series. What won't be familiar, however, are the bugs. I ran into a progression-blocking bug and dedcided to wait for it to be patched, until the devs said that they may or may not release bug fixing patches. However, they're still going to release paid DLC. I'm done with this game and I'm sure as hell done with this dev after just one purchase.Strongly recommend avoiding it. Asylum has such an amazing story and City is great in its own right, and I'm sure this game is pretty decent too, but I can't bring myself to support it in any way."
76561198032863885,Not Recommended,209000,9358466,"Posted: 5 March, 2014",all,Pikachupacabra,"This game is really fun if you can get past the MOST ANNOYING GAME STOPPING BUGS.  I can't tell you how many times I've had to restart a mission because I couldn't talk to a guy, or interrogate someone, or not climb into a vent.  If you have the patience to deal with it have fun, you will probably love this game.  I believe because of all the bugs it is worthless."
76561198068919001,Not Recommended,209000,9270357,"Posted: 26 February, 2014",all,Morio,"For the eight hours of seamless gameplay I was able to enjoy, this game was surpassing my best expectations. A really well paced game, worthy of being a game of the year. If it were not for a game breaking bug on the Royal Hotel level. When I reach the 40th floor, about four or five paced in, the game crashes. Over and over again. I redownloaded the game - and still the same issue. I´m really sick of the cr***y  console ports that devs hastily make for PC. I sent each co-developer a bug report two days ago, and all i´ve received is silence. If the bugs didnt exist, I would recommend this game. A real disappointment in my opinion."
,Recommended,209000,7471631,"Posted: 24 October, 2013",all,Pipe,10 minutos jugados y ya lo recomiendo ...
,Recommended,209000,8432530,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,Das GinJew,10/10 it is definitely a game with batman in it
,Recommended,209000,7644108,"Posted: 12 November, 2013",all,vadersdemise,I just wrote a review on my blog because I could format it easier:http://walkthroughcentral.blogspot.com/2014/02/batman-arkham-origins-ending-and-review.html
,Recommended,209000,7489693,"Posted: 26 October, 2013",all,ulrich5000,"I just beat Batman: Arkham Origins, and wow, it was amazing! Just coming off playing Arkham City made my excitement for this game through the roof. So of course it was an instant buy for me. WB Montreal nailed everything that Rocksteady layed down, and the story....amazing. Definitely a great game, and every bit an Arkham game as Asylum and City. Great game, I give it an 8.5/10.It has a few stumbles at points, but I can easily overlook them."
,Recommended,209000,7591556,"Posted: 7 November, 2013",all,Shorokin,"If you've played Arkham City, this game will be eerily familiar. It's different in little ways, and similar in a bunch of others. Combat is tougher, partly due to some new elements (martial artists, for example), partly because they've changed the rhythm and some of the aiming. It's far more brutal now. I found a few things a bit janky (hooking onto ledges and gargoyles is a lot more fiddly now).Some of the graphical enhancements are awesome (like the dynamic snow). Voice acting is different, but still decent.If you were looking for more Batman, you can't go too wrong wtih this. If not, I think Arkham City was tighter."
,Recommended,209000,8777245,"Posted: 19 January, 2014",all,ObsessedTaylor | SDSU,"Amazing graphics and amazing gameplay, plus a very interesting storyline."
76561197983483879,Recommended,209000,11324302,"Posted: 19 July, 2014",all,P.S. Curvo,Batman: Arkham Origins is one of the best Batman games out there!
76561198034240930,Recommended,209000,11214490,"Posted: 13 July, 2014",all,Corzanator,Slade is hard to beat but game is good.
,Recommended,209000,9624704,"Posted: 24 March, 2014",all,BSquared,"Although Arkham City is a better game, Arkham Origins fufills its purpose as a buffer game. It is a good enough game to give fans of the Batman Arkham series the satisfaction of playing a batman game while waiting for the next rocksteady game to come out. I reccomend this game if you are a fan of the Arkham games series. It does not go in to nearly as much DC lore as the previous game but it is enjoyable none the less."
,Recommended,209000,21421068,"Posted: 24 February, 2016",all,SWEtea,"Good game, nice graphics, long gameplay.Bugged cape sometimes but still works!"
,Recommended,209000,9764003,"Posted: 8 April, 2014",all,Francis X. Clampazzo,You're Batman...'nuff said.
76561198057445549,Recommended,209000,10869482,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,goodguymoz,epic και αυτό το game να δούμε το Arkham Night...............
76561198080824112,Recommended,209000,9779113,"Posted: 10 April, 2014",all,DuckPerson1,Fun story and gameplay. Best boss battles in the entire trilogy!
76561198077330598,Recommended,209000,12209661,"Posted: 23 September, 2014",all,Chem Dog,If your afraid of bats maybe don't let em in your cave?For your health.
,Recommended,209000,9804451,"Posted: 13 April, 2014",all,ＬｅＬｅ チェイートン,BEST STUFF EVER!!! I cant wait for Arkham knight!
,Recommended,209000,7966435,"Posted: 8 December, 2013",all,Sniga,"The game is good. Low scores press and players were given for the fact that it has no significant changes. So the developers themselves say that they will not make a radically new. Thus, the game killed themselves fans who were hoping for a level of development Rotsksteady. But the game came out very good. But the main drawback - the bugs that are corrected gradually but one bug that there was at me in the game (side quest Birds) I had to remove savegame and all of my time I spent in the game was spent in vain. As a result, we have a very good single player, multiplayer interesting that you need to refine and still a lot of bugs that need to be addressed. Better buy this game will come when all the DLC ,fix all the bugs and preferably on sale (price in Steam is quite high, at least in Russia)."
76561198137466752,Recommended,209000,10263232,"Posted: 28 May, 2014",all,★WannabeAssassin ★,Excellent game all round.
,Recommended,209000,13412131,"Posted: 16 December, 2014",all,PaladinPanda,"This game is amazing, I rate it 11/10 IGN!"
,Recommended,209000,8350138,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,green weenie,best story yet
76561198060727158,Recommended,209000,7601238,"Posted: 8 November, 2013",all,elthandiel,"Good game, if you don't mind playing Arkham City again.  Essentially a carbon copy of the last game, but with a new story  That being said, the same great combat mechanics.  It's still fun to string together huge combos, and flying around the city is still super smooth.  Besides the lack of any significant improvements over the previous game, the largest complaint I have about this game is the absence of Mark Hamill as the Joker.  The new voice actor just doesn't even compare."
,Recommended,209000,21799671,"Posted: 12 March, 2016",all,f a z e  j e f f,REALLY GOOD GAME! LOVE IT!
,Recommended,209000,15114926,"Posted: 29 March, 2015",all,Max1mus,Good.
,Recommended,209000,7785914,"Posted: 27 November, 2013",all,Bizzle,yes
,Recommended,209000,28886302,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,Dietze,Not as good as the Rocksteady games but still solid. Wouldnt play it again though
,Recommended,209000,17848341,"Posted: 2 September, 2015",all,Baby Driver,One word for each aspect of this game.Story - Awesome.Characters - Classic.Gameplay - Repetitive.Immersion - Average.Environment - Good.Graphics - Decent.Sound - Great.Music - Epic.Overall - Splendid.
76561198145326492,Recommended,209000,17636210,"Posted: 20 August, 2015",all,Darius,This is the most underrated game of the decade. It's actually great.
,Recommended,209000,17208507,"Posted: 24 July, 2015",all,Diztrack,"Forget the bandwagon naysayers. Arkham Origins has a better story comapred to Asylum and City. I am a big fan of the Arkham Series and although Arkham Origins did not give me the same feeling as Arkham City did, it's still a must get. I wish I didn't hesitate from buying, so here's my advice, BUY IT."
76561198064428603,Recommended,209000,17603478,"Posted: 18 August, 2015",all,wes,One of the best games ive ever played. Ignore the bad ratings. Game has a decent story with great gameplay and a fantastic multiplayer. 9/10
76561198178581614,Recommended,209000,16571899,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,lloganfulmer,i love the game but every 20 mins batman stops moveing and all ican do is punch please help
,Recommended,209000,13252181,"Posted: 6 December, 2014",all,Death,"TL:DR >  Watching Batman movies and reading Batman comics is great and all, but if you really want to feel like you are the Dark Knight, playing Arkham Origins is probably as close as you can get without becoming a billionaire and having your parents murdered.What makes the game so great is that it features all the elements of being Batman: Detective work, awesome gadgets, martial artistry, chasing crazy people, wearing your underpants on the outside, and so on.Long review:Graphics: Excellent, well tuned to NVIDIA GPUs, notably DX11 Tesselation and PhysX. AMD guys may have a different story to tell.Gameplay: For these new to the game, some boss fight scenes will be a considerable challenge, so prepare to die and restart the game from that point and get taunted for failing.Story: Well-developed characters and story line that explains a lot about the prequels, and dropping subtle hints that allows the Batman universe to intertwine in all the three games. This is one of the strongest points in the game; Take for instance, the origin of Mr. Freeze, Bane's breakdown, the relationship between Bruce Wayne and his butler, and the Joker's over the line insanity.Tips: Get the season pass to access the rest of the DLCs. If you don't need online play, the season pass has you covered with the rest, such as the Initiation DLC and stuff. That adds extra hours of immersive gameplay that'll keep you practising and on edge to keep up with your enemies.Length:Well balanced. On average, it is possible to pull off both the main and side missions without being sidetracked too far from the game, and also offers sweet upgrade points which reward the gamer's time spent on the side missions.Replay value: Owing to the excellent challenge mode(s) and extra game play modes, you8 cannot play this game once.Overall rating: 10/10. This game is perfect.PS: Did I mention there were Ninjas? Yes, I did.Overall: 10/10. Gameplay reminiscent of Batman Arkham City.Extra notes for AMD users: On DirectX 11 tesselation, use normal settings and avoid all NVIDIA ""enhanced"" settings, they can cripple the game's performance. The same aplies to people using NVIDIA GPUs priot to Kepler."
,Not Recommended,209000,9955806,"Posted: 27 April, 2014",all,gcb001,"Horrendously glitchy, the flight controls will mess up mid flight, data packs are still there after you grab them, gadgets will get stuck to controls and you cant switch to something different, pathing issues where you can climb things that make no sense and can't climb things you should definitely be able to, enemy units getting stuck on walls and barriers (Had a thug get stuck in a wall during a predator room to the point where i had to try and use explosives near him to blast him out of the wall so i could progress).The QA for this game was horribly done and the actual implementation is a little flawed as well. Never mentions anything about scanning items and you have to figure out for yourself it actually matters for collectibles).I don't mind that its a repeat of mostly the same mechanics with some new gadgets, i gladly accept that and would gladly play it and enjoy it. However the near constant glitches and the flawed implementation of the game prevent me from enjoying this title. I do not count it as a true Arkham game and consider it a flawed product.It is the first game i have ever played as a finished product where i wanted to start writing bug reports for the developers."
76561198066907304,Recommended,209000,16331007,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,Larsen,"Fantastic combat mechanics and great open-world. Worth the money, though the multiplayer doesn't have enough players."
,Recommended,209000,16909924,"Posted: 6 July, 2015",all,Gege,SUper jmen
76561197960269475,Recommended,209000,18423150,"Posted: 10 October, 2015",all,Palpatine66,"I've enjoyed this game for the story and the fact it's Batman and the assorted characters from the Rogue Gallery.  The graphics are OK, but the game is glitchy where I've got stuck inside walls etc a few times.  Sometimes different goons get stuck in a frozen akimbo position on the street while a fight is going - very odd.  Comabt is a bit chunky and does not feel very smooth. I play with mouse and keyboard, and perhaps it makes a difference using a gamepad, but I could not play comfortably using my Logitech F310.Side-missions get a bit repetitive like looking for all the Riddler's hidden data packs.The game doesn't seem as good as the first two Arkham games, possible due to being released by a different developer.I don't recommend purchasing this game if you haven't played the other two first.  I do recommend purchasing it if you are a fan of Batman, have played the previous two games, and want to experience the story.Overall, I would give it 3 stars out of 5."
,Recommended,209000,18115113,"Posted: 20 September, 2015",all,MerloTheMagnificent,Graphic: 10/10Fight system: 11/10Story: 9/10That's all I need to say :D
76561198059701870,Recommended,209000,7893117,"Posted: 3 December, 2013",all,killer_bear2,Amazing Game
,Recommended,209000,20140002,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,nL.toxicONE,"Well, the Batman: Arkham trilogy is one of my favorite game trilogies/series ever, from Arkham Asylum to Arkham Knight, all the games are perfect, not just this one, every single Batman: Arkham game is perfect, 100% recommended"
76561198272425860,Recommended,209000,20209798,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,Godgad,nice game
,Recommended,209000,18354006,"Posted: 6 October, 2015",all,✪CannibalCandy,"Batman Arkham Origins is an Action adventure, beat - em - up game. It has a whole city to explore, which makes it quite hard to get around. Luckily we have the fast travel system where you would need to destroy ""Comm Towers"" to be able to fast travel with the Batwing. The game also offers quite a number of bosses and side quests. The story line was amazing and I enjoyed every single bit. The only part I wasn't very fond of was that you would have to cross the ""Gotham Bridge"" a lot which gets a bit annoying. Other than that everything seems good to me, and also the graphics were phenomenal. I recommend you buy it and play it immediately !!!"
,Recommended,209000,19470317,"Posted: 3 December, 2015",all,modi123,"I enjoyed the game as much as the other previous two (though I haven't played those in some time).   The action was the same, the gadgets made fights amusing, and the story line one well trod by the Batman universe.  I nailed all the most wanted, beat the game, and all I have left are the Enigma trophies.. all and all about 69% done in 26 leisurely hours.  Well worth the price."
76561198058917839,Recommended,209000,8404099,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,Double Hitler,Feels like an expansion for Arkham City. Supposed to be based in the entire city of Gotham. No citizens to be found. (Criminals everywhere? Really?)
,Recommended,209000,12812524,"Posted: 5 November, 2014",all,Minami,"Man, this game, I like it. A lot. I know there are a lot of critics out there hating on this game and those are people who played Arkham City first probably. I bought the game when there was a Warner Bros sale and I bought the Batman trio pack games which included Arkham Asylum and Arkham City.Most of the negativity comes from the bugs in this game which vary for people; some people have different bugs, some people don't have bugs at all (♥♥♥♥ all of you who didn't have bugs). Also, a lot of people didn't like this game because they think it's an Arkham City ripoff and because of the discontinuity of the story. Being a Batman fan who doesn't whine so much, I think it's a pretty decent game. It's from the time Bruce Wayne just started his adventure into the night. I strongly recommend you play it and buy it during a sale."
,Recommended,209000,14756069,"Posted: 6 March, 2015",all,Aquaserge,"If you are looking for a game that is as revolutionary to the Batman franchise as Batman: Arkham Asylum was, then move on. In terms of gameplay, Arkham Origins doesn't really bring anything new to the table. Instead it refines a few of the issues that were present in Asylum and City (such as fighting ""brute"" enemies where you defeat them by piggyback. There is hardly any, if any at all, of that here), and brings to light an origin story that can can almost rival Frank Miller's Batman: Year One.Paralleling Miller's epic remastery of the Dark Knight's origins, Batman has his work cut out for him as not only does he have to fight the super villians and crime lords that have plagued Gotham for decades, but he also has to fight an overly corrupt Gotham City Police Department. James Gordon is only a Captain, and the way Commissioner Loeb runs things ol' Jimmy doesn't really know who he can trust. With a trigger happy SWAT Leader Branden to contest with, doing his job isn't easy either.Furthermore, we also get to see the Joker fall even farther into depravity as he questions what really is maximum fun. Before it was just the mob, politicians, and a whole lotta money, but with the Batman in the mix there is just no telling what life has in store for him!Even so, with cameos from 'B' grade and 'A' grade villians, there aren't as many easter eggs in this Batman, particularly because they really don't exist yet. Still, it leaves Gotham feeling a little empty. In particular I would liked to have seen Harvey Dent in the mix somewhere. He and Bruce/Batman were good friends before he became TwoFace, and having that ally in his origins (such as with Miller's adaptation) could have made for some interesting story development.All in all, as I said if you are looking for something revolutionary in terms of gameplay you should probably move on. But if you are looking for a damn good origin story, this is a great place to start."
,Recommended,209000,18483237,"Posted: 15 October, 2015",all,Pepethor,"I wish other superhero themed games were good as Arkham series. Awesome game, a bit lacking compered to Arkham City but still good."
76561198041547915,Recommended,209000,18635436,"Posted: 23 October, 2015",all,Bijing,"Batman; Arkham Origins is the third installment in the now legendary Arkham series, but it is the first chronologically. The story pits a fairly new Batman, with only a couple of years of crusading under his belt, against some of his most powerful adversaries, many of whom he will encounter for the first time. This game features a gripping story line, amazing graphics, and the revolutionary combat interface that makes this series a must have.I own this game on WiiU and PC, and I am happier with the PC version. The WiiU version had a number of glitches and problems that made it difficult to play at certain points of the story. The game is fantastic on either platform, however, and I would certainly recommend it for WiiU owners.The absence of the voice talents of Mark Hamill (Joker) and Kevin Conroy (Batman) may have diminished this title, but only slightly.  Roger Craig Smith and Troy Baker fill in for the roles respectively, and do a very nice job. I will always prefer the former couple, but the latter don't spoil the fun. I can't help but believe that this change, as well as the fact that Rocksteady didn't develop the game, is what earned this game a generally lower score from most critics. Personally I find the tighter battle elements that were introduced, particularly in some of the boss fights, has only pushed the series forward. The boss battles are varied and engaging, and the I Am The Night mode gives the title enormous replay value. There is also an online mode for PC which allows the player to conrol either a hero or a villain's cronie in a fight for control of a map.10/10"
,Recommended,209000,10900797,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,Athlos,"The Batman: Arkham series has swiftly become one of my favourite franchises. This one is developed by a different studio and suffers from some bugs, story issues and general feel of ""same-iness"" but it's still an enjoyable experience.It's in the vain of a 3D ""Metroidvania"": You explore a vast world, getting upgrades that allow you to reach previously inaccessible areas. Traversing through that world you encounter countless thugs that you beat up in a very satisfying free-flow combat experience, or take them out one by one using stealth, in the ""predator""-style encounters. It all feels very Batman.Play Arkham Asylum and/or City first as they are better games, but this one is still really good so you should give it a try afterwards."
,Recommended,209000,10885039,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,LoneWolf,"Another grate instalment in the Batman franchise. I love the fluid battles, the action just doesn't seem to stop and once you get the hang of the combat system, you can really dish out some vengeance :D …Once you start playing I guarantee you'll immediately immerse yourself in this great game :)"
76561198036664397,Recommended,209000,10650525,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,furious_george_76,"The Arkham series is a fantastic series, this game is no exception. The new voice actors voicing both Batman and Joker did outstanding jobs, the gameplay hasnt really changed, but thats not a bad thing as the game mechanics are already very good, and I loved the story both of Batman and Joker.Cant wait for the next game!"
76561198009614091,Recommended,209000,10570857,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,Stealthyboy,"Fun, but not as polished as the previous two games. Seems to be glitchier, multiple times I've ended up bat-swinging into areas I shouldn't be able to reach (And getting stuck there), and once I managed to leave the map altogether and ended up falling into an endless abyss. The voices, unfortunately, are no longer the DCAU cast, but the new VA's do a great job at filling those rather large shoes, although the Joker's VA seems to be trying a little too hard with his Mark Hamill Joker voice and it's tenDENcy to STRRRRRRETCH out CEEEEEERtain syllables... Regardless, if like me you like batman and you liked the other two games you'll probably still really like this one. The fact that it's not made by the same team is obvious but the fun's still there."
,Recommended,209000,12199506,"Posted: 23 September, 2014",all,Ghost,"Heard Alot about bugs but never encountered any at all, maybe they fixed them.Main story is good, not AWESOME but very good.. Side missions are kinda boring since there is nothing new to Arkham city, Graphic are amazing.. Boss fights are Great , way better than City.this game got alot of critizism but i disagree...i give it an 8/10"
,Not Recommended,209000,8489506,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,OctoChan,"There is a bug at the very end of the game that prevents me from finishing the game.  It's not the only bug, but all of the others could be overcome with a simple restart from last checkpoint.  Not this one.  This one literally prevents me from punching the final boss.  I was playing this two months after launch, so you would expect that something this obviously game breaking would have been ironned out, but no.  Instead of fixing this, they seem more interested in put out half♥♥♥♥♥♥♥story DLC.  How about some goddamn priorities?"
76561197996672939,Recommended,209000,11153961,"Posted: 9 July, 2014",all,Projectile,One of the best game i have ever played
76561198022822840,Recommended,209000,9816616,"Posted: 14 April, 2014",all,Or Alperovich,"Fantastic game , didnt quite live to the hype of City and Aslyum (obviously... two amazing games ) but still amazing in its own way.graphics - superbgameplay - superbstory - superbCant wait for arkham Knight to come out !!! hyped!!!!"
76561198021017638,Not Recommended,209000,9796928,"Posted: 12 April, 2014",all,KernelPanic,Too glitchy. Lost a whole gamesave due to bottomless pit. Please patch.
76561198041522620,Not Recommended,209000,9809034,"Posted: 13 April, 2014",all,Foltzer,"Story is ok, but controls have same problems as AC3."
,Not Recommended,209000,9809853,"Posted: 13 April, 2014",all,theDeadBook,"Game glitched after defeating Copperhead, resulting in a progression blocker."
,Not Recommended,209000,9812986,"Posted: 13 April, 2014",all,Silverbane,"I've played through the other two Arkham games and this one is truly absolute garbage in comparison and as a standalone. The gameplay is ""follow this line"" or ""press X to Jason"" and the game is far too glitchy. Enemies disappear at random and boss battles are either too short or too long. This is a complete waste of time wrapped in a AAA title. Do not purchase this game at ANY price. If you get a choice between playing this game and getting slugged in the stomach, drop the controller and tighten up those abs."
76561197961489930,Not Recommended,209000,9813088,"Posted: 13 April, 2014",all,Bondo,"Not going to say anything new.  Story wise another great game, but the amount of bugging behavior and having to restart from last save to get past some of them stops me from giving it a thumbs up.  If you played the last two there really isn’t anything new here.  I got it on sale for $10 dollars so if you can get it for that I’d say go for it."
76561198027874005,Recommended,209000,10774086,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,PavlovGW,"As a fan of both Arkham Asylum and Arkham City, I definitely recommend Origins. However, some of the drawbacks that others have mentioned - filler content, uninspired gadgets, etc. - are true. Compared to the previous installments, Origins does seem to lack in the content that doesn't directly contribute to the overall story; they're bland and don't stand out.That being said, I do feel like the main story is worth the reduced price that the game is selling at now. It's quite long (and plods somewhat in the middle), but it allows the player to get a look at a Batman that isn't the calm and collected Dark Knight which we're used to seeing.8/10"
,Recommended,209000,13724070,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,Whitty,"This game Is amazing to say the least, 8.5/10  even thought it says i'v only played for an hour I have played ten hours ofline. If you have played any of the other Batman Games this is as good or even better then those. The Story behind this game is awesome and the side quests fit right in with the main story, they somtimes don't even feel like side quest. Simple amazing, and this is only the single player I have not touched the mutiplayer."
,Not Recommended,209000,12181593,"Posted: 21 September, 2014",all,The Outsider,"I would recommend this game for any other platform, but the comp version has so many glitches and bugs, it's just not worth the frustration. My first playthrough was cut short at over 30% completion when my Batman exited a building and fell into a bottomless void, and of course the game autosaved there. Nothing new is added to the gameplay, though it is arguably more challenging, and the one amazing new gadget of course raises questions about the continuity of the series. If you do own another system however, I highly recommend getting it for that. The boss fights are EPIC and the game adds a lot to the overall story and lore, though not in any unexpected ways."
,Recommended,209000,14982724,"Posted: 20 March, 2015",all,Key of Serenity,"Batman: Arkham Origins is an interesting beast, given the two excellent games that precede it. While some may cite the recycled environment from City (with the addition of South Gotham) and items (with the addition of the Shock Gloves and Remote Claw) as reasons why this game should be skipped, looking at the full package, this game is worth playing. It boasts a compelling story as a rougher, younger Batman confronts a number of assassins who attempt to kill him on Christmas Eve, some of whom have never been featured in the ""Arkhamverse"" before. He also must deal with Black Mask, and more importantly, a sadistic, psychopathic criminal known only as ""The Joker."" This ""forging of key relationships"" that the game sells itself on is consistent throughout the game's narrative, helped by some excellent CGI cutscenes and voice acting from Roger Craig Smith and Troy Baker. There are some bugs that might hinder one's playthrough, and the number of collectibles do have the tendency to make the side quests drag on, but Origins remains a solid game hampered by relatively minor problems. These problems don't prevent the best moments of the story from feeling like an unhinged, flaming roller coaster ride."
,Recommended,209000,17606389,"Posted: 18 August, 2015",all,Male Fantasy,"I love this game, I highly reccomend it."
76561198071156253,Recommended,209000,7786705,"Posted: 27 November, 2013",all,masterbeef12,"Arkham Origins is an excellent installment into the franchise to the series and definately one worth buying. I played the first two Arkhams on the Xbox 360 and plugged in a 360 controller to my computer to play this game as well, so the controls for me felt very familiar. The combat is smooth and a lot better, though the better fights also mean the fights are significantly harder, but the lack of game changing elements (other than new and better gadgets) make the fights also begin to feel repetitive at times, like little things you have to do in order to get to the sweet, wonderful boss fights. However, it's not the gameplay that makes Arkham so great, but rather it's fantastic story. Every plot point ties in with eachother beautifully and, even despite this game being a pre-quel, it creates a completely fresh and new story with many unexpected moments and incredible feats of character/character development for Batman and his villains alike. The map here works better than City's, though not due to it's size, but rather it's believability. City tried too hard to make every notable building have something going on with it, whether a side mission or just snipers on the roof, while Origins leaves many buildings just building while still adding enough features on their other buildings to feel the need to travel wisely. If you enjoyed the last Arkham games then i would definately recommend this game, to the point where the story and bossfights alone are worth it."
,Recommended,209000,16935470,"Posted: 7 July, 2015",all,animegeek04,"Don't know why people say this was a disgrace to the Arkham TrilogyI just started playing Arkham City and it asically identical except Origins has better boss battles, better Batsuit and Batvoice, andslightlybetter graphics.9/10 would BE THE BATMAN again"
76561198135967116,Recommended,209000,18000866,"Posted: 12 September, 2015",all,RSM-Elite-03,Batman: Arkham Origins is fun like really fun sure it's not Arkham city or Arkham Asylum Good (I suggest you check those out too) I got this game while this was on Christmas sale and I loved the combat may be repeated and the story is not pretty good it's still AWSOME to punch people in face the boss fights are AWSOME too most importantly the DeathStroke battle so I'd give this game around 8/10
76561198132254644,Recommended,209000,18125194,"Posted: 20 September, 2015",all,SundayPunch,Men getting carried with this game
,Recommended,209000,11023183,"Posted: 2 July, 2014",all,graymoor.66,"Arkham Origins gets a lot of flack from gamers. And we all know how fair, unbalanced and objective we all can be. For me it is third in the Batman games quality wise. Arkham City then Arkham Asylum are definitely stronger games. Many attribute this to the first two being developed by Rocksteady, where as Origins was WB Montreal.But the ground work is there, the story is fun and as long as I get to feel like the Dark Knight its always fun to go and clean up some streets. I love the voice work with the new Joker, and Batman, although Conroy will be reprising the role for Arkham Knight. (Hammil is busy being Skywalker again, and Joker is dead anyway, right LOL) Combat is satisfying, even more so on harder difficulties where there is no ""Spidey sense"" warning above enemies heads. Traversing the city is a blast as is swooping in on criminals from glide. Also having Fast travel via Batwing is nice. I love the boss fight with Deathstroke and the challenge fights using him are good fun. If you enjoyed the first two Arkham games and arent a nitpicker then check this out. Its a step down but still fun."
,Recommended,209000,13579334,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,Mejwell,"By far the best examination of feudalism's continuing influence into the modern era that has ever been comitted to modern content, although I think the added black plague was a touch melodramatic"
76561198128791748,Recommended,209000,11905253,"Posted: 28 August, 2014",all,Lisérgico,"Amazing game!!I recomend to everybody who loves the Dark KnightThere's a few bugs, but still awesome in my opinion!!"
,Recommended,209000,13890613,"Posted: 7 January, 2015",all,99.95,1/10 will not play
76561198007845342,Recommended,209000,13262825,"Posted: 6 December, 2014",all,Avatar of Justice,Great Game! Love the Arkham series! Arkham Batman is definetly better than Nolan's Batman.
76561198082529191,Recommended,209000,14299608,"Posted: 2 February, 2015",all,SirJishwa,"So i just finished playing this and i have to say, is one of the best games i have ever played. Great story, graphics and controls. Defenatley recommended"
76561198087091817,Recommended,209000,15991610,"Posted: 24 May, 2015",all,Caster Webby,If your a fan of the other Arkham games or even just a Batman kind of guy this game is so cool with great visuals and so far that i can tell a pretty good story. I will be sure to continue to play this game without a doubt. I did have a weird glitch where when i was fighting Killer Croc he would disapear that reappear in a flickering fashion. Never the less i still beat him and it wasn't game breaking. Try this game.
,Recommended,209000,15960923,"Posted: 22 May, 2015",all,Suck Your Mum,"Runs smoothly on about 200 FPS, story's great, online could be better, mods are easy to install, i'd give it a 9.5/10"
76561198023417881,Recommended,209000,13610252,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,Berchi,Un juego totalmente infravalorado.Vaya sopresa me he llevado. Esperaba un juego más que usara la licencia y el buen hacer de Rocksteady para sacar más dinero a los fans.El juego no aporta nada nuevo en cuantom a jugabilidad (salvo el modo detective mejorado). Sin embargo tiene una historia superior y más larga que sus antecesores. Unos valores de producción magníficos tanto graficamente como en banda sonora y doblaje.A la altura de Arkham City aunque evidentemente no tan revolucionario.9/10
,Recommended,209000,13421479,"Posted: 17 December, 2014",all,Tomcat,"Love this game, one of the best combat systems I have ever played. But some of the challenges are near to impossible."
,Recommended,209000,14166438,"Posted: 25 January, 2015",all,nikolajb,"Good, but not as good as Arkham Asylum or City.If you haven't played Arkham City yet, grab that game instead. But if you enjoyed Arkham City and want more, Arkham Origins is the game for you. In many ways it's more of the same, and you may think of it as a (very large) DLC to AC since it takes place in the same city, although earlier in the storyline.The story is decent, and the glitches are not as bad as I feared from earlier reviews, so although it's not a great game, I'll still recommend it."
76561198108913612,Recommended,209000,13648463,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,Lil_Hovasrapture,"Great storyline, cool multiplayer, worth the buy!"
,Recommended,209000,13761890,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,SaucyMcStuffin',"A decent follow-up to the Arkham series, with the trademark combat that we all know and love from the Arkham series. Though it pales in comparison when compared with its predecessors, it was still an enjoyable experience to play. Authough it was developed by Warner Bros. Montreal and not by Rocksteady, who had developed the previous Arkam games, the still got many things right. First of all, the story was captivating. I won't spoil too much, but it was pretty enjoyable. Secondly, the voice work for this game was amazing. Though I would always prefer the classic portrayal of Batman and Joker by Kevin Conroy and Mark Hamill respectively, Roger Craig Smith and Troy Baker deliver an exceptional performance. Still, this game has its own fair share of cons. The world felt bleak and without much character, unlike Arkham city, where each segment of the world reflected of the personality of whichever mob was controlling it. Secondly, authough Warner Bros. Montreal tried new and innovative things, afew of them fell short, such as Electricutioner's gloves, which were too overpowered.Overall, I would give this game a 7.8 out of 10.Good game, but many flaws."
76561198049430670,Recommended,209000,13583672,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,El C@ngri,"Had some problems with graphics and gameplay speed/blur. It's possible my  computer just can't handle it but overall I recommend it, I just had to play around with the settings."
,Recommended,209000,16041879,"Posted: 28 May, 2015",all,Ugly God,"Like the past B:A games, Origins includes all the features we know and love. However, it takes you back, hence the name ""Origins"". It takes you to the time when the Joker wasn't a familiar name, when Gordan didn't know Batman, and before many events those of us who watch the movies know of."
76561198171025550,Recommended,209000,16040711,"Posted: 28 May, 2015",all,TheDanime,"Batman: Arkham Origins is very similar to the last game, Arkham City which isn't a bad thing as the previous game was a masterpiece in it's own right.The story isn't as good as the previous two but it's still amazing, at times predictable but at other times surprises you with a plot twist that you didn't expect.The general plot of this game follows Batman on Christmas Eve as a bounty has been placed on his head that many major and minor villains will attempt to get from you.It should be said that this game was developed by Warner Brothers Montreal which is a different studio from the previous two and the upcoming Arkham Knight game which were all developed by Rocksteady Studios, it's because of this that I can forgive this title from not having too many changes from the last games.There is so much to do in this game even after you complete it, for example there is a most wanted side quest that allows you to try to stop criminals such as The Mad Hatter and The Penguin and bring them into custody.The Good- Good Story- Many interesting villains, even some you may not have heard of- Graphical improvements from previous game (not too much)- Fun side activities- Improved mechanics- Battle system is great with only a few problems- You can be Batman, who doesn't want a taste of that Batman lifestyle am I right?The Bad- Battle system is repetitive at times- Not many improvements from the previous games- A few glitches had to be sorted out, I never ran into many glitches like the fatal error or controlling flight issues however I did have to fix an issue with the cutscenes as mine lagged a lot; I ended up finding a guide on the steam community to help me.- Some tasks such as the collectables are still a chore in my opinion and I wish they were done more interestingly than they are in this game, for example Arkham Asylam had audio logs from the villains which were interesting to listen too and made me want to collect them."
76561198082630923,Not Recommended,209000,20309092,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,BlueJ91x,"Pros:- It tries to replicate Arkham City, which is a great game.- The shock gloves are fun to use. This is only a temporary buff so it doesn’t make combat completely trivial.- Some boss fights are interesting and different from what we've seen.Cons:- Just a recycle of Arkham City, with little new and lots of flaws.- Grapple boosting is clunky. Many building have edges that look like you should be able to grapple to… but you actually can’t. So you’ll often glide and desperately wriggle around trying to find something else to boost off of. This often leads to boosting to some random location, or falling to the ground. Grapple boosting was so seamless in AC.- Combat is a mess that is glitchy and clunky. Enemies attack faster than they did in AC, which is not a good thing. For example, if you're in the middle of a long attack animation and a shielded enemy comes to bash you, you can't avoid it. Especially in hard mode, you often don't have time to react to even regular attacks. When performining special moves (double button presses), you have to press both buttons almost exactly at the same time with almost no buffer window. This isn't easily doable so you'll often mess up and end up doing an unnecessary counter or something, messing up your combo. In AC (and a lot of games, in general), there is a buffer window so that your special move registers even if you press the two buttons in quick succession.- The upgrade system forces you to get upgrades in specific orders. This means it’ll take a while before you can get the upgrades you want. In AC, multiple takedowns and blade dodge takedown were some of the earliest upgrades I got since they made combat fun. The armor upgrades were some of the last upgrades I got since they did nothing to enhance combat. In AO, you have to upgrade the combat armor 3 times before you can obtain the blade dodge takedown, the ballistic armor 3 times before you can get the multiple takedowns, etc. It took hours of upgrading about a dozen pre-requisites before I could get some of the upgrades I wanted.- Some upgrades require you to perform specific side quests or complete certain tasks to unlock. This sounds pretty cool on paper, but the execution is poorly done. One of the predator requirements is to get a vent take down, weak wall explosion takedown, ledge takedown, and a corner takedown in one predator room. The problem is that there are very few instances in the story this can be done. If you miss these few opportunities, you are screwed until new game plus. They can’t be done in challenge modes.- AO’s equivalent of AC’s Riddler trophies aren’t cleverly designed and are not fun to collect.- The voice acting for some of the characters is terrible.- Dialogue is uninteresting, and the story is a bit random and seems to lose direction at times.- Boss fights are repetitive, repeating the same QTE’s over and over and over and over…- Open world feels dead.- Too many more issues and random bugs to list.AO is not a bad game, by any means. However, after AC, it’s hard to enjoy AO with all its annoying flaws. I personally had much more fun replaying through AC for the 5th time, and since AO’s story isn’t important to the series, it’s hard to recommend this title."
76561198206381299,Recommended,209000,18831970,"Posted: 1 November, 2015",all,Juntao,"This is the most true to Gotham Batman game out, and the definitive version in my opinion. The groundwork was layed by Rocksteady, but man WB Montreal took it and ran all the way home. I had only played this previously on PS3, which I recall having issues here and there. What dragged me in was it was the first game that built a Gotham city that actually felt like Gotham city. Seeing it in ultra high resolution with the settings kicked up was incredible. Rocksteady kind of lost their Batman cred when they made Bane into a growling baboon. They made what is truly the first epic comic book to video game adaptation, but didn't necessarily stay true to the source material. This world feels like Tim Burtonesque Batman Returns with the snow and Christmas lights. Also stayed true to the comics with the accurate portrayal of super-villains. This leads to more of a Batman ""feel"" and I absolutely love it. It immerses you from the start into it's world, and it carries it on for the length of the campaign.I almost wish I paid more for this game. I know people have made jokes about the AI and what not, but this looks incredible in UHD and as a fan of Batman through all his mediums, this is the closest to what I remember from reading the comics as a kid. And that is a gift that I truly appreciate. It is art masquerading as entertainment. To feel like a kid visiting Gotham again is priceless. Please make another Batman game, WB Games Montreal. If you enjoyed Batman the comic book, then Batman the animated series, and to a lesser extent the films, then this is highly recommended."
76561198011984677,Recommended,209000,21572720,"Posted: 1 March, 2016",all,BraastadXO,"This game hasn't got anything to do with the trilogy from Rocksteady story-wise as the events unfold prior to Arkham Asylum. The gameplay is good, the story is good, the side-missions are also ok. The voice actors aren't the ones known from the Rocksteady-productions, but they really do a good job. Kevin Conroys Batman is a hard act to follow, but Roger Craig Smith nails it.The doesn't hold a candle to either Asylum, City or Arkham Knight but it certainly has it's value as well. If you like beat'em up games, Batman or DC Comics in general it is well worth a playthrough."
,Recommended,209000,8666368,"Posted: 11 January, 2014",all,Goofy★,Simply Amazing! Thats all i can say. :)
,Recommended,209000,8527193,"Posted: 2 January, 2014",all,Checkm8.TVR,"Honestly, I was only impressed by the artwork. The gameplay was exactly like Arkham City besides the new shock gloves. I would suggest buying it on sale but not for the retail price. You are basically playing for a new story to follow with same game mecahincs. It was still a fun but it had a shorter saga this time."
,Not Recommended,209000,8562644,"Posted: 4 January, 2014",all,noka,"It has the same graphics and setting as the Arkham City title but it feels a lot more lacking. Combat is rather dull and neverending as ""interesting"" means a lot of enemies. The story feels a bit lacking too and conflicting in logic. I really miss the great cinematics from Arkham City and the characters. I could not make much sense of the upgrade system or what's worth or not getting. There is no proprer learning curve as you litteraly get dropped in the city where the main activity is fighting groups of various size of enemies. I didn't really get to be drawn in the game and play a lot of time because it just feels empty, of mechanics, of story, of characters... I believe they are just trying to milk the franchise some more on less bucks invested in the game."
76561197972516377,Recommended,209000,11621301,"Posted: 9 August, 2014",all,Cash,"Batman: Arkham Origins should be for Batman fans only.  If you are looking for a revolutionary game that takes the franchise a step forward, then move along.  The mechanics are the same, there are little to no new gadgets and the city is lifeless (much like Arkham City).However, Batman fans will enjoy the story immensly.  It isn't anything new, but it is still compelling.  One critique: Please stop using the Joker/Bane combo.  There are so many other worthwile villains to base a story around.  Also, Riddler isn't a complete idiot anymore (post Batman: Forever) so stop making him one.Fans of the ""Cold, Cold Heart"" DLC should watch ""Heart of Ice"" from Batman: The Animated Series.  Definately one of the best stories ever told in the Batman Universe.View it here, definately worth the $2"
,Recommended,209000,25432701,"Posted: 9 September, 2016",all,boi,"I don't understand the hate for Origins at all. Just because this game wasn't made by Rocksteady doesn't mean it is bad. It may not be the best of the series, but it is still a very good game."
,Recommended,209000,7882635,"Posted: 2 December, 2013",all,Spike,"This game not bad, but at the same time it's not near as good as 2 previous ones. So if you new to franchise start with AA and AC and then grab that one on sale 75%. Score 7.5/10"
,Not Recommended,209000,16165549,"Posted: 3 June, 2015",all,Lunchbox,"Upon first inspection of this game, it appears great. If you've played any of the previous titles you'll follow a similar thought process. You'll think ""Oh man! The other ones were great, but this one is based in the whole of Gotham. Yes!"" Well, be prepared because that's all this game does differently from the last and I don't even think it was a good idea.The game just feels like more Arkham City, that's it. The game would be better off as a DLC than a standalone. It's brought barely any new mechanics to the table and you quickly get tired of it. During the entirety of Arkham City, all I wanted to do was explore the city over the walls. Now that I'm there, it's not so great. The map isn't very well designed. It's extremely forgettable and bland. I never want to explore because there is nothing that really stands out. It's just one big grey bland mess and the only thing that stands out is your waypoint. The game quickly becomes a ""follow the leader"" simulator because nothing else really interests you.The game isn't very good. If you want to pay for a something that could have easily been mistaken for a DLC, then go ahead. I for one regret my purchase."
,Recommended,209000,14917099,"Posted: 16 March, 2015",all,Sheever,It's Batman...
,Recommended,209000,7743547,"Posted: 25 November, 2013",all,Gooby,"I find that the game is a worthy prequel to Arkham City. It retains most of the features from Arkham City and because of that, some might say that it should have been a big DLC rather than a whole new game. However, it expanded the map, added in a whole new story and a bunch of new side activites that can bring you 16 to 20 hours of new gameplay.There are some flaws however. I felt that it was slightly easier than Arkham City and the challenge mode imo is not as enjoyable as the AC either. The game was also riddled with bugs during the first week from performance issues to being unable to complete certain missions/quests. Those should have been patched by now. You can't play stealth for many of the main story missions either so that could be a major flaw to some.tldr: Get this game if you are a big fan of Batman series or just want to have some fun. Whether on a sale or at full price, this game is a must get for 2013/2014"
,Recommended,209000,20326141,"Posted: 5 January, 2016",all,air,"its pretty fun, not as good as the other arkham games. If your unsure if worth or not get it while its on sale"
76561198067104463,Recommended,209000,7695252,"Posted: 19 November, 2013",all,토낑깡,INSANE MAN XD
,Recommended,209000,13175984,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,Trangx,"When first I played this game, I hated it.  I sure wish I could remember why.Seriously though.  It may not be quite as good as Arkham City, but it's still a fun time, especially now that most of the bugs are fixed."
76561198128857850,Recommended,209000,17253616,"Posted: 27 July, 2015",all,*DeAd_InSiDe*,This game is so good!I love the story and the other Arkham games are such amazing!
76561198137179101,Recommended,209000,16750973,"Posted: 27 June, 2015",all,PAPA FRANKU,tities!!!
76561198260705810,Recommended,209000,20403046,"Posted: 8 January, 2016",all,usjoe16,I love this game a lot
,Not Recommended,209000,9602760,"Posted: 22 March, 2014",all,miumiu!!,"could not get past the options menu, NO MOUSE SENSITIVTY SLIDER!!!! WTF!?!"
76561198132812456,Recommended,209000,21263690,"Posted: 16 February, 2016",all,Captanegan,"Does a good job emulating Rocksteady's, just wish there was Bruce Wayne early childhood scenes like there were in the CGI trailers for this game. I just wish the ""origins"" part of the title was expanded upon."
,Recommended,209000,12434398,"Posted: 10 October, 2014",all,Yeezy,i rekt deathstroke 10/10would rek him again
,Recommended,209000,7497788,"Posted: 27 October, 2013",all,🅱oneless,"Warner Bros went above and beyond with this new Batman: Arkham Origins. Play as Bruce Wayne A.K.A. Batman once again as yuo are actually in Gotham and another INCREDIBLE open world game. But that's not all, you are also a vigilante wanted by the police. And people don't think you are real. Anyway i would give this game so far a 10/10 loving the game but I need to point out a few things. Jim Gordon one of Batman's allies wants you arrested and he thinks you aren't real! There are different voice actors (if you have played previous Batman like Arkham City you'll know what i mean.) And there is an online which has a few bugs here and there, but it is mind blowingly amazing to have this feature for once! And one more thing to point out is the criminals like Joker & Bane look a little bit different. But anyway this game is GREAT & you won't regret buying this mind blowing game."
76561198054424897,Recommended,209000,10808512,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,Lucidity,"Very underrated game from the Arkham franchise. People usually complain about this title not coming from Rocksteady and constantly ♥♥♥♥♥ing about how bad it is when in reality it's not that bad at all. The story is actually pretty good considering Warner Bros. Montreal made it and not Rocksteady. The feel of the game and the atmosphere is good because it is an open-world Batman game and fans of the series will realize the familiarity of the map to Arkham City (because it's a prequel to Asylum). The world is beautiful but feels a bit limited in the free roam after about 15+ hours of gameplay. When you glide from building to building you there's a point when you go like, ""I should be able to grapple that but I can't"". The gameplay itself is well clunky compared to the Rocksteady titles if you put enough time in it. Combos and free flow combat are smooth but later you'll feel that sort of miss that refined finish Asylum and City had. Side missions are a blast in this one as they were in Arkham City but I find myself finishing them quicker and easier than in previous games. The boss battle are the usual cape-stun battles but there are a few that stand out that are amazing (Deathstroke, Shiva, Joker, etc). Overall Arkham Origins isn't a masterpiece or a real upgrade from Arkham City, but it indeeds fulfills the roll of entertaining levels and the player feeling like a BAMF when playing Batman. Fans of the series will definitely enjoy Arkham Origins and others might."
,Recommended,209000,14963450,"Posted: 19 March, 2015",all,Cock-ies,You can play as the Batman who use the underwear inside!11/10
76561198255241175,Recommended,209000,20744496,"Posted: 25 January, 2016",all,✪ f1r3,"Epic, as all the batmans are :D"
,Recommended,209000,7569239,"Posted: 4 November, 2013",all,Alexis,"Несмотря на то, что разработчиком является не Rocksteady, игра вышла на удивление интересной, хотя в основном это заслуга Rocksteady. В любом случае, серию не испортили. Однозначно рекомендую!Сюжет: 9/10Геймплей: 10/10Графика: 10/10Звук 9/10Музыка: 8/10"
76561198010970250,Recommended,209000,13315639,"Posted: 11 December, 2014",all,Blackwall Frigate,"COMPLETED 100%I got this prequel to the ever sucessful Arkham series, hoping it'd be better than what critics have made it out to be. But as it turns out, the game is more of an overall disappointment to what it could have been a signifciant improvement to Arkham City. While AC was so flawlessly free of technicalities, this game is still riddled with quite a few glitches and bugs the devs couldn't be bothered with. Nothing so game-breaking at least.Where the games shine, the combat system, AO does away by making for slightly more challenging enemies and variations. This is surely a good thing, if not for the numerous control input problems and fight inconsistencies that simply ends up screwing up the enjoyment of gameplay. Especially annoying when the game expects you to perform up to task for the stupid Dark Knight System and ranked challenge maps.Thankfully there's the very unbalanaced and overpowered Shock Gloves, to compensate for this. A new and important gadget to this game, it makes you wonder why the heck wasn't Batman using this OP weapon in Arkham Asylum and Arkham City. I mean it helpeddefeat Bane and save Alfred from near-death. It's so glorious, there's no reason to abandon it.There's only one thing AO has made the biggest improvement from the past games. The main story missions are now more noticeably fun and interesting to get through, despite the silly premise which mainly serves as a subtle excuse in order to chuck a whole bunch of notable Batman villians in this one single game.It's also slightly longer and less than straightforward, compared to AC's main campaign, which is nice..The dark cinematics and presentation are also brilliantly well done in coveying the tone of the game. If only the actual game looked as good... Boss fights are exceptionally great fun as well but makes Batman look too darn overpowered for someone just starting on an early vigilante career.The open world of Gotham is much bigger than the Arkham City in Arkham City, many similiar buildings stand out, being bigger in size, and the layout is mostly different enough to distinguish as being unique. It's also as completely unrealistic as ever, as a city completely void of civilians. Another ridiculous excuse to prevent Batman from making ""social interations"" with civilians. What a bummer.Collectibles still remain the same, data packs replacing riddler trophies this time and the number of packs hidden and are spread around the city. Finding or acquiring them isn't as hard as before, with less puzzles and challenges to solve. A show of leniency to completionists, or just a lack of effort on the devs' part in rushing this game.3.5/5- Game presentation is great, some areas of gameplay is an improvement, others is a thumbs down. A great game regardless, nevertheless, but nothing much so noteworhy for the upcoming Arkham Knight to follow and adapt from."
,Recommended,209000,18293626,"Posted: 2 October, 2015",all,Mouse On Ｗｅｅｄ,Good Game!!
76561198298256905,Recommended,209000,24770488,"Posted: 7 August, 2016",all,Joker (trading st kara dopp),Not as good as the other Arkham games... But it is still a damn solid game!
76561197967372380,Recommended,209000,25472899,"Posted: 11 September, 2016",all,Turbotastic,"Same as Arkham City with a more 'realistic' open world, better side missions and a neat 'CSI' type of subquest.Also, the Christmas DLC is Challenging and well-written. A great self-encapsulated 2 hour story."
76561198181764126,Recommended,209000,26251364,"Posted: 27 October, 2016",all,Jac,I am a big fan of the Arkham series. Of them all City was probably my favourite. It's one of the best games ever made.Origins is very similar in gameplay mechanics. It adds a couple of new features that were also added to Arkham Knight. It introduces a few new types of enemy and features some very good boss showdowns.If you count Arkham City as one of your favourites I think you will like the experience of exploring Park Row and Amusement Mile before the city fell and was turned into a walled prison. It's familiar yet has a very different ambience. A freezing cold Christmas night with the few good people of Gotham hiding inside due to a police curfew.Batman is younger and angrier. Most of the goons on the streets have never seen him and have only heard stories of the unstoppable Bat. Legends and relationships are built as the night wears on.Technically the game doesn't have the same polish as Arkham City. I experienced some minor bugs but overall the game ran well. If you have a fast GPU there are some nice visuals and effects like APEX turbulence for the snow flurries and tessellated tracks left behind you. There are some cool locations and the world is larger than Arkham City - you also get to explore the Batcave.Well worth playing for Arkham fans.
76561198065719442,Recommended,209000,8534210,"Posted: 3 January, 2014",all,~Obtredas~,Nice game reminds as of whta a superhero game should be like
76561198103679598,Recommended,209000,13944207,"Posted: 11 January, 2015",all,Chewie2k,What's there not to like about Batman?
,Recommended,209000,28851926,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,Nigglett 5D's,"Bom, pra quem gosta de Batman. Vale a pena seguir a timeline, pode ser frescura mas é interessante e sem contar que esse Batman tá otimo, tirando que ele é curto demais tá favoravel"
,Recommended,209000,7541759,"Posted: 1 November, 2013",all,Torva,Arkham Origins is a good buy if you're a fan of the previous two games in the franchise.Friends tell me the series peaked in Arkham City but they assure me that isn't intended as negative ciricism. I certainly wasn't disappointment with Origins.
,Recommended,209000,22035931,"Posted: 24 March, 2016",all,Bobby Boy Freed,"I don't know why this game didn't get more love.I have had this game in my library for over a year and after reading so many negative reviews I was afraid to play it thinking that it must be super bad and not worth playing. After reading some reviews I expected it to even barely be recognizable as a Batman game.  However, having liked Arkham Asylum and absolutely loving Arkham City I figured I had to give it a try, especially if I plan on trying Arkham Knight. I was expecting a dog. Maybe it was because my expectations were so low, but I really enjoyed it a lot.Granted, it didn't add a whole lot to the gameplay of Arkham City, but it was a great story in its own and having access to many of the gadgets and abilities right from the beginning, made it that much more enjoyable. There were a lot of varied things to do and for the first time I started playing in some of the challenge modes and I enjoyed the addition of the skill challenges during regular gameplay. I loved the Combat Challenges which helped train me as I went back into the game.It might have lacked a bit of the polish that was in Arkham City and at times combat seemed a little bit clunkier, especially when trying to do a followup attack on a downed enemy, but I really feel that if this game had come out before Arkham City, it would be getting all of the praise and Arkham City would have been looked down on. It was a solid game and it stands on its own. Some say it was more like DLC for Arkham City, but I have never gotten this much time and enjoyment out of any DLC for any game. My current hours spent on this one surpass those I spent in Arkham City.I don't consider myself a Batman fan or even a DC fan (I always liked Marvel and Spiderman). I am, however, a great fan of these Batman games and yes, that does include Arkham Origins.  If you enjoyed Arkham Origins and Arkham City, you have to play this one. If you found Arkham City repetetive and not so good, don't play this one.Please, if you did like the other Batman Arkham games, you owe it to yourself to try this one. Don't be influenced by all of the naysayers. This is a great game!!"
,Recommended,209000,22033820,"Posted: 24 March, 2016",all,Nt_Trey,I love all the Batman series and by far this is one of the best!
,Recommended,209000,22127181,"Posted: 29 March, 2016",all,HyperNova101,"I thought I was getting the GOTY version of this game when I bought it, After playing a bit I am now wondering why the hell  all DLC combined adds up to twice the price of the game itself..For the financially stacked only.."
,Recommended,209000,22033066,"Posted: 24 March, 2016",all,Grimmy,"This game was amazing! Every part of it the grapics, the gamplay, and the story. The multiplayer is a smooth TPS (Third Person Shooter). The campain kept me on the edge of my seat making me want to play more. The only bad thing is it glitched sometimes here and there but still 10 out of 10 stars!"
,Recommended,209000,22123809,"Posted: 29 March, 2016",all,No One,"Compared to the other Arkham Games (not including Knight due to the horrible release the first time) This one puts the icing on the cake in my opinion. The combat is more fluid, the graphics look quite decent, and the voice acting for both Batman and the Joker are spot on because of the time setting this game takes place in. Few bugs and glitches here and there such as, when gliding, batman can sometimes make a jerking movement and go up and down in a weird fashion. Other than the bugs, the DLC, Cold,Cold, Heart is worth getting to continue the story, Initiation wasn't as fun as I thought it would be but the other skins and challange maps are pretty nice. Plus the ability to play as Deathstroke in the challange maps is pretty interesting. Other than that I give this game a 8.5/10"
,Recommended,209000,21988154,"Posted: 22 March, 2016",all,Mirre zaldrīzoti morghūlis!,"Definitely one of the best game I've enjoyed. Loved the walkthroughs. You would definitly love it if you're a true geek ;) As always,  WB Games Montreal did a great job!"
76561198143529642,Recommended,209000,13252003,"Posted: 6 December, 2014",all,Dylan 256,Thi sgame require you to choose between stealth and direct attack . In most ocasions it would allow you to chage in if the enemy is un armed . However i got too carried got by direct attack and at the peguin part you were suppose to use  stealth and many more♥♥♥♥♥♥so i died . I suggest you never charge in ever again stay sneaky and be sneaky like the original batman. I used thease skills to help me get pass arkham city on the xbox i just bought cause it was cheap. Ps smoke pellets THE MOST IMPORTANT THING EVER!!!!!  causeevery one is not blind as the enemys on some other games . THEY WILL SEE YOU! EVEN WHEN YOUR THE GOD DAM BATMAN.
,Recommended,209000,10910598,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,Purim,It's goddamn Batman for ♥♥♥♥ sake. - 10/10
,Recommended,209000,17909083,"Posted: 6 September, 2015",all,✯ Sam ✯,"I don't know why most aren't people satisfied with this game because i sure as hell am.Single playerThis game has a good story, a slightly similar combat system of arkham city with a few new added gadgets , new enemy types, and about 9 villains you get to face off and fight. Unlike arkham knight boss battles, this installment brings back the feeling of what its like to fight actual bosses who could kill you if your not too careful for example bane, deathstroke, cooperhead and others.MultiplayerThe multiplayer in this game is also good. There are 3 teams Jokers gang, Bane's gang and batman and robin .You get to play as one of the elite henchmen who work for either the joker or bane and you get to play as batman and robin, sort of like a predator/prey system where about 6 players are henchmen(prey) and 2 players are batman and robin(hunter). I like how the mutiplayer gives you the opportunity to play as henchman and get to experience their perspective of being stalked by batman, you maybe thinking how hard can it be to spot a man in bat costume or even be scared of him but trust me after playing as a henchmen you will FEAR THE KNIGHT.The drawback to multiplayer is that its really hard to find a match when there aren't many online players, each matchmaking session takes about 10-15 minutes which is abit frustrating and things get even worse when a game starts with people who are either afk or disconnected during the match since there is no vote to kick feature and players can't join during multiplayer sessions.This game may not be as good as arkham city but its still worth buying and playing. I recommend buying when its on offer like i did, then you won't regret your decision if you dont like it."
76561198049094331,Recommended,209000,16648812,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,[FuG] Mr. Nobody,10/10 needs more Shark Repellent Bat-Spray.
,Recommended,209000,7506065,"Posted: 28 October, 2013",all,Stemot,"If you're a fan of the series then this game is a must. While it uses a lot of the groundwork set by Rocksteady it really does stand up well on it's own merits. The visuals on a top end PC are remarkable such as really great looking dynamic snow, fog etc and the game features the best story in the series to date, even explaining some of the problematic story beats in the series preceding games.NB: Any bugs I had playing this game pre-patch have been fixed since release."
76561198137001120,Recommended,209000,13706483,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,UR A _____ HARRY!,its really a good game the graphics are good and da animation so 10/10 :D im hoping for the batman arkham knigh :o
76561198098314684,Recommended,209000,16290812,"Posted: 10 June, 2015",all,AymanAbedin90,"This Arkham game had potential, the story was good however, pacing of the  game was all over the place . Did not bother with multiplayer and would recommend  fans of previous Arkham games to give it a try."
,Recommended,209000,15997258,"Posted: 25 May, 2015",all,Katze,"Update: There are some bugs, but the game is worth playing it, even if I got it on sale cheap I didn't expect it to be that good. I loved the game and I still do <3 xD"
,Recommended,209000,15991114,"Posted: 24 May, 2015",all,YuNg MaTt,"Very good game all around, especially if you have played the other Arkham games, you will like this game! I think it is a great sequel to Arkham City and I cant wait until Arkham Knight comes out!"
,Recommended,209000,8634962,"Posted: 9 January, 2014",all,retsek3000,"Really good game and fans of the series should buy this game, however if you are looking for something new (in comparison to the earlier Batman games) then you may be slightly disappointed, as other than for a new move or two theres very little original about this compared to Arkham City. Personally I found the online to be a strange addition to the game, there are plenty of better/more polished 3rd person shooters out there and as a fan of the single player/challenge mode I would have preferred it to be a beat em up for online rather than a shooter."
76561198029555177,Recommended,209000,7513054,"Posted: 29 October, 2013",all,Mast3rHax0r,"Ok let's get this out of the way, this is the worst game in the series so far. Now you might be asking yourself: lol is dis duud on meth or sumting. Well, actually you might think that I'm gonna say some logical reason for making such a statement(not the meth thing). So le't get down to it.The fighting and stealth are both still really fun. So what is the problem? Well the problem is that they are indeed fun, but they were also fun in Arkham city(I would acually say that they were both better in Arkham city), and they have not really been changed at all since then. Overall the gameplay is nearly identical to Arkham city. Everything that worked there, also works quite well here.They did add few neat things, but I was hoping for more. And yeah, there is that multiplayer mode....that nobody really wanted to see. There are also a lot of glicthes in the game, some are small and some are serious issues. The game does also crash quite often.But anyway, what about the story? Well the joker has a big role in it...again. The joker is a great character, but could you give the spotlight to someone else please, he already had a huge role in 2 games! There is also that 8 assassin's hire by Black mask thing, which doesn't really get as much attention as I hoped. The boss fights that they were bragging on about are not even that special. Some of them are quite good, and some are the quite bad.A lot of people were♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥off because Mark Hamill and Kevin Conroiy are not in the game, but those new voice actors for Batman and the joker both do a good job, so no need to worry about that. But overall the story and characters are all quite good. I would even say that the story, might be the best in the series. The problem is that it lacks tension, because it's a prequel.Ah whatever, I think that I have said all that there is to say.Even though Arkham origins is quite clearly the weakest part of the series, I still had some fun playing it, but I was left hoping for much more. It's a solid entry in the series that still needs some major fixes. After that it might even be a pretty good game"
,Recommended,209000,10815568,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,Islandshadows88,"Batman fans, this game is a must have. This game takes place before the events of arkham asylum and city, when batman was just a vigilante in the eyes of the people of Gotham and doesn't have the trust of Jim Gordon yet. The gameplay is more of the same of the previous games with a few upgrades to batman's great arsenal of gadgets. The Joker for the third time steals the show as main mastermind, while appearances of black mask and bane keep you busy momentarily. The main story takes about 7-8 hours roughly to complete if you you don't get distracted doing the tons of side missions Gotham has to offer. The DLC content adds more hours to batman's already complicated past as a crime fighter with the initiation pack that has you play as bruce wayne before he becomes batman, with about 7-8 challenges of fighting ninjas with each wave getting more difficult as you progress. The cold, cold heart is my favorite from the season pass, it has you fighting Mr.freeze for the first time and also introduces a new batsuit batman must use to stop mr.freeze from freezing the entire city of Gotham. I recommend this to anyone who is a superhero fan or fan of batman, you will not be disappointed and i also recommend the season pass to go along with it, it makes this game that much better."
,Recommended,209000,12210491,"Posted: 23 September, 2014",all,Sazime,"Hey! It's another Batman: Arkham game! And you know what? It's still a lot of fun. Something happened with the fighting system while adding some of the new game play elements, but it wasn't anything that kept ME from enjoying it. Totally worthwhile, if you enjoy the Arkham series or a fun beat'em up."
,Recommended,209000,12610583,"Posted: 24 October, 2014",all,Xankyo,Very good story and nice action this is a great game
76561198102371717,Recommended,209000,10577211,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,Miniperuna,"very good game, propably the best i have played."
,Recommended,209000,15834023,"Posted: 14 May, 2015",all,Vionix,What I learned from this game:1. Bruce Wayne lives in a FUC HUEG mansion that makes the White House look like a shack.2. Bruce Wayne has wine older than the United States.3. Bruce Wayne has more books in his library than the United States Federal Library of Congress.11/10 would be rich playboy jumping off rooftops at night again.
76561197974416236,Not Recommended,209000,12068916,"Posted: 11 September, 2014",all,Nidhoggur,I love batman games. but  this. I absolutely HATE the controls.  such a shame.
,Recommended,209000,11264773,"Posted: 15 July, 2014",all,Marcelus,I only recommend this game for people who want to play something else related to Arkham franchise after beating Arkham City.It looks different in style at beggining but it has his own style. The snowy environments are really enjoyable. The city feels big. It has some of the best moments on these games but as I said is different. I think is not a bad choice to play during winter one your country ;)P.D. About bugs I had no problems at all. The games runs pretty well maxed ;)
76561198054476291,Not Recommended,209000,10320060,"Posted: 1 June, 2014",all,Mr Skeltal,"Its Arkham, same combat and stealth nothing really added. Story isn't that interesting and atmosphere of the former games are gone. Its not bad but you wouldn't be missing anything if you skipped this one. If you are new to the series get city its pretty much this this but better."
,Recommended,209000,24877838,"Posted: 13 August, 2016",all,Celeste,The multiplayer is somehow less dead than gotham city impostors
,Recommended,209000,17942219,"Posted: 8 September, 2015",all,✯ ZeR0 m4lw0rm ✯,Graphics 10/10Enemies 10/10Multiplayer 10/10Control 10/10
,Recommended,209000,18840846,"Posted: 2 November, 2015",all,Crossebi,First Batman that I ever played.Only one word to describe it: Amazing9/10
76561198054118964,Recommended,209000,18744126,"Posted: 29 October, 2015",all,Lord H,"A great Batman game, being a fan of Rocksteady’s Arkham series, this WB title was definitely a must play. The story was impressive with plenty of great interactions, clashes with batman’s villains, side quests to level up, new and interesting characters, well-made cut scenes, fantastic voice acting and a great soundtrack.The gameplay didn’t change that much from Arkham City and Asylum aside from a few tweaks and a bit more challenging encounters. There are also a few new gadgets and ways to use them.The map itself is huge and well designed to fit Gotham’s environment, but It is lacking a bit more population aside from gang members and police officers, since this is Gotham city and not a prison city anymore, but still a good job nonetheless.I am not a big fan of the multiplayer version of the game, because a game like this should be focused more on the single player aspect, but aside from its micro transactions it is entertaining.The challenge maps and campaign maps are always a nice addition, as well as being able to play as Deathstroke, sadly they didn’t give him an expansion story, but fortunately they released the Cold Cold Heart DLC which is pretty good.I do recommend the game and it is pretty cheap in its full price, but since it still possesses a few bugs and glitches, I would advice getting it on sale"
,Recommended,209000,18353144,"Posted: 6 October, 2015",all,Wrathra,"Amazing storyline that just makes you want to keep on playing, very fluid PC controls. Multiplayer is barely being kept alive by the occasional 5-10 people that still play."
,Recommended,209000,16840325,"Posted: 2 July, 2015",all,Winter [Wild Hunt],"pros: visuals & graphics options, benchmarking available, challenge modes, crime scene investigation improved from the previous arkham games, characters are well voice acted, narrative experience to batman's origin, the signature arkham-style combat as we all know it, side missions & other villains to fightcons: no fullscreen windowed mode, can't skip game launch logos, the city is visually lacking compared to arkham city, binds run & jump to one key (spacebar) - unable to bind them to separate keys, STILL makes the player mash spacebar to open vent doors (like the previous arkham games), mash spacebar to move a raft on water, immersion breaking transitions to video cut scenes, random fps drops, unable to use the mouse to navigate the map, clunky ingame menu, sometimes abilities are unresponsive (especially during combat) which is the drawback of multi-button abilities (thanks to console design), some buildings will not let you grapple on them (even though they realistically could be grappled on), deathstroke suddenly vanished from a fight (I had to re-load my last save point), deathstroke battle is a tedious trial & error fight, boss battles are hit or miss (some can be really clunky like the firefly fight) & final boss fights were tedious, the game constantly make you crisscross the center bridge in-between missions, some of batman's audio cues overlap with each other, online is a hit or miss experience, map is littered with tedious enigma ""batarang this thing"" data itemOverall, the game runs stable considering the game's disastrous launch (stability issues in every arkham game during launch). Although the bugs that prevented you from progressing the main story have been patched, from what ive read a lot of the game's major bugs will not be patched (post-launch support completely ceased). This game feels bare bones compared to Arkham City (more of a narrative experience in comparison), but I welcome the improvement to crime scene investigations.Batman: Arkham Origins has my recommendation if you are new to the Arkham series, hit or miss if you have played the other Arkham games. This game feels more like a half-effort extension/DLC'ish to Arkham City."
76561198088905491,Not Recommended,209000,17978998,"Posted: 10 September, 2015",all,Tompy,laggy
,Recommended,209000,18304586,"Posted: 3 October, 2015",all,Havauk,"Batman Arkham Origins is a BRILLIANT game. The gameplay is SPECTACULAR and the Story was MINDBLOWING (Sorry, I had to highligh the most important words).I Took notice of a few minor bugs and glitches, even though it maybe hard to find and won't actually make a big difference in the game. But hey, there aren't any perfect games in THIS world.The Physyics in the game are brilliant, and the graphics aren't bad either, so in a ranking out of 10, i'll give this a... (Drumroll)....8/10!!!Especially because of how it builds up to arkham knight, the rising and making of Harley Quinn (Harlene Quinndle), and a bit of Jokers backstory... absolutely Brilliant."
,Recommended,209000,25569811,"Posted: 18 September, 2016",all,PhegZ,"While this game looks much more pretty than the previous 2 games in the series, it is no where near in terms of its story.A honestly mediocre story with tons of villians popping up for too short a mission and disappearing again.But even then, it still packs enough content, and while a difficult recommendation at its full price, you shouldn't have to rethink buying this at sale price"
76561198049222264,Recommended,209000,17119753,"Posted: 18 July, 2015",all,Chooch Biggins,"While awaiting Arkham Knight to be patched, I played through Origins for the first time.  I am PLEASANTLY surprised.  This game really caught me off guard at how good the main story was.  I wouldn't say it is the best in the series, but it is underrated.  I highly recommend experiencing this Batman story."
76561198110473026,Recommended,209000,17380453,"Posted: 4 August, 2015",all,Blarkay,This is a great game and i love how it includes multiplayer and the fact that it a Batman game But what i found sucks is the fact that most times i went to join a multiplay server no one is ever on but beside that its still a great game.
76561198060428292,Recommended,209000,17397693,"Posted: 5 August, 2015",all,Moist Owlet,Great game to play with your parents
,Recommended,209000,17282546,"Posted: 29 July, 2015",all,KingSin,Batman Arkham OriginsStory begins before Arkham City and it's still excellentGameplay and graphics remained specialI would recommend it to everyonegame is great !
,Recommended,209000,17557289,"Posted: 15 August, 2015",all,chrisbro3,Play just like a  REAL Arkham game would but its just not the same. Batman does things like drop a thug off a roof top (Which would kill him) he is just too violent.  All in all this game was a 7.6/10. I am in the middle of positive and negitive.
,Recommended,209000,17874023,"Posted: 4 September, 2015",all,Khalib Khan,"As much as the game seems better than the critic reviews, it's a hell lot like Arkham City and the graphics let you down sometimes. The story is good and the side missions (Penguin crates, etc) and Enigma missions is just passed down from City. Boss fights are really fun as you have to devise several different ways to defeat the 8 assassins. One of the bad part of this game is that its buggy, fell right through the floor and out of the map at one instance. Irrelevant multiplayer is one bad part of this game too and if there's bug to report Customer Service isn't that efficient either.But still if you want the 'Batman' sort of thrill, just get it. Preferably when it's on 75% sale."
,Recommended,209000,17735662,"Posted: 27 August, 2015",all,SolChaos,The worst of this game is the optimization otherwise Great GAME :P
,Recommended,209000,19889161,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,shovelkills,It is a really good Batman game
,Recommended,209000,20134317,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,⚜GlaDos⚜,This is one of my favorite games ever!
,Recommended,209000,20475657,"Posted: 11 January, 2016",all,HappyThoughts,"This game, like the other batman games, has come to just clicking over and over again until the enemy is down. But this game does have some good moments when it comes to boss battles and exploring. I have not completed this game however my review still stands.7/10"
,Recommended,209000,20819000,"Posted: 28 January, 2016",all,AmazingLunchbox,"Chokes Guy right behind other guy ""hrghrughhrrhhgg"" is all you hear. Guy in front doesn't bother to turn around, even after hearing his bud being choked out. This one instead gets his face pounded into the ground causing severe brain damage. Dissapears next time you walk into the room and you see him in the next one. ? Such Realism Don't Question It.11/10 Will choke him again"
76561198141377409,Recommended,209000,20619090,"Posted: 18 January, 2016",all,BeggiChozo,"Runs better than Arkham Knight. I get solid 60fps at 21:9 ratio in 4k. Story is meh, gameplay the usual. Honestly Arkham City and Asylum ftw. Worth the buy? If you are looking for more Batman Mythos and world to delve into sure."
76561198170681011,Recommended,209000,18832836,"Posted: 1 November, 2015",all,chickenroo,so i love batman but the game on my computer suckes so do a lot of games so i just want to say steam work with us and this damn game almost broke my computer it lags and  i was stuck with  a blaack screen for an hour but i played it on xbox and loved it
76561197972773086,Recommended,209000,28022241,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Magic Man,"I remember being excited for this when it came out, but then got influenced by others saying it was just mediocre, that the 'detective' work left something to be desired. I ended up putting Arkham Origins down after beating Deathstroke.I have recently started playing it again, and I gotta say, it is _always_ satisfying to jump into a mob of baddies and punch them in the face while avoiding their attacks. The story is fun, the action is great, and who cares about 'mediocre detective work?' The point is you're BATMAN, so of course he's going to make deducing any crime scene trivial.If you like Batman, and the previous games, or Shadow of Mordor, this game is for you. If you set it down like I did, pick it back up, dust off those electrified gauntlets, and put the hurt on some baddies!"
,Recommended,209000,28194431,"Posted: 4 December, 2016",all,Elijah,"Fun, but I'd recommend any other Arkham game than this one."
,Recommended,209000,28975352,Posted: 3 January,all,kazotaja,"At first I was like ""what game-breaking bugs?""That is until I found myself fighting an invisible Killer Croc and his blinking henchmen.10/10 would recommend"
,Not Recommended,209000,25763420,"Posted: 29 September, 2016",all,MarlboroMan,"My game crushes everytime the first joker apperance cutscene comes.  I can't play the game past that point and i am insanely upset about it. I was having a blast until this was happening, i tried countless methods i found in internet nothing worked. All i can do is delete save file play until that point and stop.  Windows 8.1 by the way. Do not purchase this game until it's fixed this ozzy crush been out there since the release."
76561198054510467,Recommended,209000,23963947,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,shadowfaxe7,"The second Arkham game I played. Numerous glitches made this game problematic - especially for PS3 users who (much like PC users with AK) were majorly shafted with several problems that were never fully solved and remain in gameplay to this day - ranging from graphic problems with lag during glide-mode all the way to Batman becoming 'stuck' during boss fights.The 'shock gauntlets' (for lack of a better name) while an interesting gimmick for less-capable players, took away much of the challenge that City contained and lacked any option to disable them. Like Batman himself this game was much more rough-around-the-edges than what was to come; but what it did right it did well and for that it deserves appreciation.The story, the atmosphere and the young Bruce/Batman MADE this game approachable even if you weren't familiar with the series. It is an origin story without actually being one.The new 'random event/cop in danger' missions that crop up from time to time over the police band are a welcome distraction that feels like it could have been used in Knight. The much larger map of Knight with randomly generated numbers of foes and victims to save would have been quite a simple feature and is one of the reasons I still play Origins.Getting back to the story - and it isn't hard to do so - the plot in Origins moves around much more quickly than City, Asylum and Knight as well. The feel of a goal - a purpose - is much more present in Origins. Gotham - for the first time in the series history - actually FEELS like a city (or at least a town) with the much larger scope and map. Also, the origins the game gives for characters and areas that are introduced through the narrative are not only plausible, they (in many ways) are more streamlined and believable than many things DC has produced to date!The writing of this game - coupled with actors like Troy Baker - leave you wanting more even if you get stuck during that fight with firefly."
76561198140818704,Recommended,209000,21785435,"Posted: 12 March, 2016",all,potestatem magnam,oyun güzel ama cok sacmayabiliyor bazen ozellikle ileri zamandaki sifreler
,Recommended,209000,22153049,"Posted: 30 March, 2016",all,TheRedNovice,"Really good game, a few bugs here and there i'll give it a 8/10"
76561198048630964,Recommended,209000,22043908,"Posted: 25 March, 2016",all,Devilock,DARK AS ♥♥♥♥
,Recommended,209000,24139482,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,Fingering A Pig's Face,"Its a pretty good game by itself. If you compare it to rocksteady standards, obviously it will be objectively inferior. In the end, if you are looking for an alright batman game with a huge open world and neat boss battles, this is the game for you. If you have the money and the pc specs however, just get Arkham Knight."
76561198003069510,Not Recommended,209000,10240251,"Posted: 26 May, 2014",all,HarVeeGee,"This game is a buggy, lazy, cynical cash grab made with none of the love and care of either of the two earlier games in the series. So glad I didn't pay more than ten bucks for it."
,Recommended,209000,7795107,"Posted: 27 November, 2013",all,General Lee Insane,"I have mixed feelings about this game, I like it, it stands on Rocksteady's great foundation for the Arkham series of games, but it feels a little too quick-timey for its own good, as well as some of the ridiculous day 1 bugs. The story's good, even if it's a little off-putting for veterans of the Arkham series, it still works and fits in very well with the chronological order of the rest of the series, without making itself seem like a direct knock-off of Rocksteady's work.I like the game, I just wish more had been done ironing out the obvious wrinkles that somehow got missed."
,Recommended,209000,29736558,Posted: 5 February,all,Goodbye <3,"I recently finished Batman : Arkham Origins. Always been a huge fan of the Arkham series and this game did not disappoint! I played it for around 12.5 hours, completed the story and most of the side quests (aside from Enigma and the escaped inmates)It's definitely a solid game and I personally feel it deserves 7.5/10. It was well worth the 9.98$ I spent (the game and its season pass cost me 4.99$ each), couldn't be happier! Thank Gaben for Steam Sales! That being said, I doubt I would be this cheerful had I paid the full price for the game and the season pass (19.99$ each).As you all know, no game is perfect and there were a few things that bugged me. Of course, there were also some positive points about this very successful game by WB Games Montréal, so let's talk about them. Starting with the good stuff.*Boss fights - each boss fight felt unique and intense. The devs impressed me in this category. These fights were fun and left me wanting for more.*Setting - What can I say? It's always fun to glide around Gotham City in the middle of winter, looking for thugs to beat up and serve some sweet justice.*Story & Dialogue - They did a very good job in this department, plus the cut scenes were really good. I especially enjoyed how well Batman and Alfred worked together. The butler's banter and affection for Bruce adds a little something to the game.*Fast Travel - Nice little addition to the series, after playing the game for hours and hours, you may want to skip gliding across districts and just take the Batwing.*Solving Crimes -  The crimes are one of the highlights of the game. The Bat is the world's greatest detective so it's always a pleasure watching him work.Now to list some of the small complaints I've got....*A longer story - I could not help myself from wanting more! I think I finished the main story in just 8 or 9 hours. Would be great if the story was just a little bit longer.*I badly wanted to wear other suits but I had to finish the main story first! That was not the case in Arkham City as the developers released the cheat codes. Wish they would have done something similar for Origins.*I noticed only policemen, thugs and victims were out on the streets. I wish there were more people that I can see and interact with. I think the reason that they were indoors was because of a curfew but I wanted to see more people in Gotham. Maybe a girl is being mugged and I get to save her. An old couple walking in the park and suddenly there are thugs who want to cause trouble. Batman just so happens to be around and saves the day. Something like that.Again, they're all very minor and I am happy with the game. Thank you to everyone involved in making this game! I highly recommend it! Looking back, I still feel that there was not enough time between Origins and Arkham City to make any revolutionary changes...in other words, not enough innovation but I can't deny that it is a damn good game."
,Recommended,209000,29059642,Posted: 6 January,all,h a r d c☺r e,I'm Batman - Batman
,Recommended,209000,12127139,"Posted: 17 September, 2014",all,[Br&S]Lord.Belthazor,"Game created  other developers than the trilogy Arkham City, Asylum and Dark Knight and they did a great job maybe better. Multiplayer is atypical but well done."
76561198092015493,Recommended,209000,9748581,"Posted: 6 April, 2014",all,LlamaTheImmortal,This game is all I really play now. It's so much fun!
,Recommended,209000,7949911,"Posted: 7 December, 2013",all,Disney Jazzcore ⚡,One of the best Batman game i've played and has a pretty good multiplayer.
,Recommended,209000,21906990,"Posted: 18 March, 2016",all,hidenxd,"1.Enter The Game2.Beat the♥♥♥♥♥♥out of anyone , it doesn't matter that they don't wanna kill ya3.Be like a Russian Kid And Go SANIC FAST4.Write about batman killing himself5.And finished The Game"
,Recommended,209000,21696274,"Posted: 7 March, 2016",all,Williamtx900,i love this game.
,Recommended,209000,12157063,"Posted: 19 September, 2014",all,Arty,5 +
,Recommended,209000,15971788,"Posted: 23 May, 2015",all,-/H•R\- Subject_Delta,"I like it. People complain about it trying to knock off Arkham City, but Origins is kind of its own thing. It was made by a developer that could not be compared to Rocksteady, but that doesn't mean there wasn't a ton of effort put into it. The city is very polished, and thoughtfully created, and all of the character models were made from scratch. It looks incredible. Again, people like to complain that most of the resources were taken from the previous two games, but the same is true for Arkham City. A keen eye will notice reused animations and skins on more than one occasion, whereas Origins simply blends what made the first two games awesome. It does, at times, feel like Batman: Lite Version, but it still works really well. If you're a fan of the series, check it out. If not, go play Arkham Asylum again. It's a better intro."
,Recommended,209000,16213852,"Posted: 5 June, 2015",all,DarkStar,"Awesome storyline, it is recommended to play it by sequence:  Asylum > City > Origins.."
,Recommended,209000,7757259,"Posted: 25 November, 2013",all,Sav,"Its pretty much the same thing as Arkham City, gameplay wise. There aren't any big changes here, and the story and atmosphere are not as good as the first two.That being said, if you want more of City's gameplay and some new content, then I'd recommend it."
76561198094977956,Recommended,209000,8547390,"Posted: 3 January, 2014",all,ACE,"This game has Batman, therefore 10/10"
,Recommended,209000,7507088,"Posted: 28 October, 2013",all,Gnome,"*Gnome Seal of Approval*If Batman: Arkham Asylum was silver and Batman: Arkham City was gold then this is just iron.It is as if the new developers tried to copy Arkham City, but ended up with a weaker version of it. The biggest flaws being weak story, weaker map designs, weak character development and less polished combat. Combat is still alot of fun, it just seems somewhat unresposive at times.Don't get me wrong, it's a strong game, but only half of what it should have been. In their defense, considering the previous titles, this was doomed to fall short.Hopefully, the few major technichal bugs will be sorted out in a patch soon.Conclusion:This is a solid game, but if you haven't played the previous ones, start with those. They are superior to this one. Then get this on sale if they were to your liking."
,Recommended,209000,10174073,"Posted: 19 May, 2014",all,Plankton_El Big (PY),"Excellent game! The story is just amazing. I think through out all the game it keeps you wanting more. I think more than one left the Enigma clues til last. That's the only thing that haven't changed. But still this time the clues are easier to solve. Thumbs up for that.The story is about, well, you know, Batman... He finds out at the beginning that some guy offered 50 grand to the person that killed the Bat. He finds out who and then the story goes... bla bla.The variety of weapons is a little similar to the previous Batman. Although I am satisfied with the weapons offered I might wanted to get more surprised by the weapons I could have gotten.Ok, what else? Oh. Combat engagement is ridiculously fun! It has a lot of moments like God of War where you have to press buttons to get free or fight an enemy. This thing really makes the game more appealing.Graphics are great just as the other Batman. Of course Origins has better graphics, more fluid animations and so on.The other thing that kept me going with this game is the online. Right now I have about 22 hrs played. 'bout 12 hours of singleplayer story. and 10 of multiplayer. The customization of your online character loadout is really original. Joker team is my favorite.Now here are the cons of the online:I know this is the first Batman with online multiplayer game but still is very simple. I think you should have had more guns or customization of guns given to your disposal. While being the hero is great... being the bad guys isn't as great. The developers should have been far more in to it.I recommend this game. It will give you tons of fun and variety in the Arkham saga. For the first Batman multiplayer they did a great work!"
,Recommended,209000,10177960,"Posted: 20 May, 2014",all,Heathen,"*NB: Some minor spoilers in this review*I came to this game late in the day. I love Batman, but having been burned by game breaking glitches in both Asylum and City, I refused to pay top dollar for Origins. especially at launch. Add that to no Conroy and no Hamill, and I had real concerns about how Origins would stack up. So I waited, and eventually it went on sale.Well, I was partly right. Troy Baker is no Hamill as the Joker. He puts in a valiant effort, amd he should be applauded, but he is in the master's shadow.Otherwise, though, Origins is superb, perhaps even the best in the series. The combat is the most enjoyable of the games so far, and the villains - most of whom it is fair to say are in the Batman B cast  - are actually very engaging.The writing is also top notch, the highlight for me being when Joker's rhapsodizes the bat at the same time as seducing Doctor Quinzel. It's also fun to play Batman as he finding his feet. Detective vision takes on a more literal meaning for the 'world's greatest detective', actually used to solve some mysteries, as opposed to finding out where the nearest grapple point or wall to explode is (though you still use it for that).So, it's great. If you love the series, or enjoy seeing Batman done well, you should enjoy this.Edit: Some people have said this game has issues with Mouse and Keyboard controls. I used a controller, and had none."
,Recommended,209000,8823611,"Posted: 23 January, 2014",all,AnEroticSquirrel,Didn't have the best launch state but all is patched and the game is beautiful and amazingly fun to play...I'M BATMAN! *Runs away*
76561197961066406,Recommended,209000,8835818,"Posted: 24 January, 2014",all,CAP,Another worthy addition to the Arkham series. Although obviously not created with PC in mind (and therefore rather buggy) - the game holds true to many of the great aspects that made this gmae series one of the greatest of it's type.
76561198099181351,Recommended,209000,8835980,"Posted: 24 January, 2014",all,Lunitac,do i even need to say anything? just epic even though i had to start all over again because of some update that happened around halloween...still an truly enjoyable game.
,Recommended,209000,9766328,"Posted: 8 April, 2014",all,kirtanloorii,"Very good game if you like the Arkham series. Although the PC version is still a little buggy. Not buggy enough to ruin the game for me, but I would never even attempt the ""I am the night"" mode because of the bugs. Also, this game slightly lacks the  attention to detail that the other Arkham games had. i.e. some steam vents can't be plugged with a glue grenade while others can etc. Also, the combat system timing is a little off. Sometimes, quickfire gadgets don't work. I have to jump a couple times to get them working again.Not at all game breaking, but still knocked off a couple points for me.7/10UPDATED: 04-23-2014Cold, Cold Heart DLC:Some people have been playing this and have reported bugs. I played this and did not encounter a single bug or visual glitch. This was more stable than the original game. It is fun and story driven. The new thermal suit is a little funny looking, but is still quite fun. This DLC is about the same length as Harley Quinn's revenge, from Arkham City. You can beat it in about 1-2 hours depending on how much of the side missions that you complete. It's nice to play a DLC that is more than just a new costume or map. I wish more games would do this.8/10"
,Recommended,209000,20050488,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,TacoSlayerFTW,YO THIS IS THE BEST GAME ALMOST BETTER THAN ARKHAM CITYthis is just like the story line of batman
,Recommended,209000,8138330,"Posted: 20 December, 2013",all,VivaPlays,"Great Game really instense! It brings back the origins of Batman being in a situation that he's about to begin before he did his wildest adventures in Asylum and City. 8.7/10Singleplayer:This is a great story in Campaign while you're fighting againest assassins and roaming around the city. The 8 Assassins are quiet what we didn't expect. The Joker makes a brief appearance when he turned out to pull the plug on Batman, and me must stop him on his first time meeting him. Black Mask puts a bounty on his face, and he must survive the night and evade the GCPD and the Assassins getting the bountyMultiplayer:It sucks Worst things ever in batman history Laggy, Glitchy, Buggy. You should've tried HARDER!!!! Q A TEST IT!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!  .Overall:It's a Decent Game but very Glitchy, but that doesn't stop the game ruining it self. The Developers, WB Games Montreal did a bad job. I hope Rocksteady comes back with a better game.Verdict:6.7/10 Worst Arkham Game in the Franchise."
,Recommended,209000,21733395,"Posted: 9 March, 2016",all,ThE WhItE WoLf ™,"THIS GAME IS VERY GOOD . I HAVE NO IDEA ABOUT THE ONLINE PART BUT THE SINGLEPLAYER IS VERY ENJOYABLE . ITS BASICALLY YOUNG BATMAN WITH A BOUNTY ON HIS HEAD AND YOU HAVE TO FACE ASSASSINS . I HAVE PLAYED THE TRILOGY ONLY TILL DATE THAT IS ASYLUM , CITY AND ORIGINS . ORIGINS HAS THE BEST BOSSFIGHTS EVER . BEST BOSS FIGHTS EVER. YOU WILL HAVE A VERY IMMERSIVE SINGLEPLAYER EXPERIENCE .MY ADVICE - GO FOR IT  !!"
76561198052828218,Recommended,209000,14780226,"Posted: 7 March, 2015",all,JonnyPatterson,"Flawed. Nowhere near as good as the first two games in the series. So many bugs, the controls feel off, parts are far easier and yet other parts are far harder than previously. Impossible to gain many of the achievements first time round."
76561198007544792,Recommended,209000,8549092,"Posted: 4 January, 2014",all,Kain Fayiar,Dont be fooled by other reviews this is a Good Game ! I will give it an 8.5 as for it being the same ? Well Black Flag is the same as other AC's and it got a 9 so....?
76561198192382033,Recommended,209000,20630629,"Posted: 19 January, 2016",all,KiFe ^4Mr. ^8Frosty,"As the third installment in the Batman Arkham  game series, Origins goes back in time to when Batman first encounters the Joker.  Origins is a third-person, detective, mystery/crime/superhero game much like the previous ones.  The game is tough and challenging at times, but is rewarding once you get through them.  I started with Origins, but don't have a desire to move on (or back) with the games.  I would consider this one if you are interested in the series, and would definitely play this over Arkham Knight.  Overall I'd give Origins 8/10 it's pretty a good game."
76561198079565714,Recommended,209000,23637178,"Posted: 18 June, 2016",all,Cold Fusion,"a good game nonetheless,but not the best"
,Recommended,209000,14700404,"Posted: 28 February, 2015",all,Alcoholocaust,Harlee quenzel and joker so beautiful<3 and jokers thoughts beautiful too:)
76561197980659911,Recommended,209000,8828183,"Posted: 24 January, 2014",all,[AGA] Sarge,"Fun, challenging, interesting story and level design, and you play as the ""Goddamned Batman"".  What's not to love?"
76561197997817081,Recommended,209000,10551074,"Posted: 19 June, 2014",all,dig,"This game feels shorter than the past two Arkham games but I still recommend it to anyone who enjoyed them. I enjoyed the boss battles more than the ones from the previous games and the gameplay is still good (almost identical to Arkham City's). People might be dissappointed that the location seems to be the same as the one in the previous game, so in a way this feels like a large, large expansion to it instead of a standalone game. Over all I'd recommend  it to fans of the series but those who are just starting should check out the previous games instead. Get it on sale along with the discounted season pass."
,Recommended,209000,8143400,"Posted: 20 December, 2013",all,Bergström,"Love this game, and the review site suck cause they didnt think they inovated but who the ♥♥♥♥ carees cause its ♥♥♥♥ing awesome anyway!!"
,Recommended,209000,8862658,"Posted: 26 January, 2014",all,Bim Rallen,Batman: Arkham Origins is the newest title in the Batman Arkham franchise. I noticed that it got very negative review and i thought i would write my review to clear some things up.First of all Arkham Origins is not trying to do something new or redo a major part of the game and for a good reason if WB Montreal had added something new or redid something Rockstedy put in place they would have been blamed by fans for messing up what Rockstedy had created.First of all the story it's really good. The first two Arkham games had an okay story but it wasn't a story i really connected with i mostly finished the game and that was that. Arkham Origins on the other hand has a story that keeps you on your toes wondering whats going to happen next. In my opinion it's way better than the past Arkham games.One of the biggest things Origins got blamed for was the difficulty but i personally like the challenge. The first two Arkham games always felt to easy i went through them really quickly and after that it was over. Origins adds to the challenge and might have overdone it the game could be argued overly hard but once you get the hang of it it becomes pretty easy.The boss battles are much more interesting take the firefly battle for example avoiding fire while a bridge was falling apart was really enjoyable. The boss battles also gave me something new a feeling of satisfaction when you defeat a boss. This was never really in the Arkham games.My favorite part of the game was the Multiplayer it adds a whole new aspect of the game and can be pretty scary. You really feel what the criminals you encounter feel as you see something swoop past you and then take you out from behind. The bane and joker games are your average 3rd person shooter but playing as Batman or Robin is really fun.While the game may not have added much it delivers in one category making an excellent Arkham game.all in all I rate this game7/10 it had some major glitches that should have been fixed.
76561197972296939,Recommended,209000,17962979,"Posted: 9 September, 2015",all,Agi,"This game got alot of negative press when it came out almost 2 years ago, but considering the mess Knight was, this is a gem of a game. Story had me hooked and lots of side quests and stuff to do, and with a Dark Souls like plus new game feature I will be playing this for awhile yet.Superman, can suck it."
,Recommended,209000,11401347,"Posted: 25 July, 2014",all,Fico,"Long story short: I LOVE THIS GAME!Before starting, let's just be clear about the things I didn't like:- If you want to complete the ranks of Worst Nightmare, you MUST do it during the story line, because the Predator rooms do not respawn after you complete them during the story. This is a real pain in the butt if you completed the story line. I even had to play the I Am The Night mode (you die, you start all over again) for completing this rank.- The same condition of ""finishing the ranks just during the story"" make the ""challenge maps"" unatractive. And besides, you just get achievements if you get ALL of the medals. I mean, c'mon! at least give me an achievement for getting almost all of them!- Sometimes (not often, but it happened to me a couple of times) bugs will make you restart to the last checkpoint. As an example, I was fighting the last boss, and suddenly Batman and the boss stopped moving and just stared at each other... It was kinda funny, thou.Said this, let's go to everything I totally loved:-The whole story is something amazing! whorty of any comic book!. I would go into details, but I don't want to spoil anything. I just loved it so much that playing the normal, new game plus, and I am the night mode was a total pleasure. The only ""but"" is that I consider it to be too short, compared with Arkham City, but it is compensated by the many side stories that are allowed by the Most Wanted missions.- You gotta love Barbara Gordon <3- I do think this game makes the Batman to be more a detective than the previous games, which is a very fun thing to play. It's kinda easy thou, since the Batman does everything for you.- If you can, buy the DLC Cold, Cold Heart. The way they explain the origins of Mr. Freeze is stunning!- The gameplay is, as always, something intuitive. I played Arkham City like... two years ago? and now I just graved the PS3 controller (yes, **** you, Microsoft!) and it was like riding a bike... people don't forget!- Getting all the collectibles, all the upgrades, all the tags, everything, will give you lots and lots of hours of gameplay. I did reach 100 hours of gaming just with the singleplayer mode (my brother also played the game, so, I didn't actualy play that amount of time). I might have taken my time, thou, I'm sure you can do it faster.About the price, yes, 30 dollars for all the time I played is worthy, but yet, that amount of money for just one game is kinda too much for me. I got this game during the Summer Sales, and those 7.5 USD I did spend for this game are one of the best buying I have ever made. But, If you're ok about paying 30 USD for one game, I'm telling you, DO IT!! you wont regret!.I can't really talk about the multiplayer mode. I'm not too much into playing online, then I just tried it for a while. It was fun.Summary: GO FOR IT!"
76561197993320648,Recommended,209000,11409482,"Posted: 25 July, 2014",all,Nasty,"Unlike too many open world games in recent memory, Batman: Arkham games don't fall into the trap of giving you a world packed out the ears with boring menial tasks.  If you took away the world and put Batman in a room fulll of thugs, this game could still easily stand on its own.The combat encourages timing over button mashing, improvisation over spamming, and thoughtfulness over bullheadedness.  The stealth gameplay is a rare example of one that blends in so well the action rather than taking away from it."
,Recommended,209000,32653315,Posted: 22 June,all,Dhnsygn,"It might be the best game I've seen. Because I have been following DC Comics in all areas for years. He gets his touch in his games as well as in Warner Bros movies. While playing the game you are definitely entering the atmosphere. Especially you are a Batman fan like me. Fighting mechanics have a really stressful structure. The graphics of the game are really great. First, it is computer-friendly and provides performance. It gives you everything you want from the vote. Your admiration for Batman is increasing a lot while having fun using many features. You already know what it is like if you played a series of games like Batman. The characters in the game do not come out of their own, and there is no disconnect on either side of the story. If you have any doubts about not taking the game and getting it, you can get it without thinking. Because as I said, the game gives you everything you want."
,Recommended,209000,20619813,"Posted: 18 January, 2016",all,Ξ Creepster Ξ,"Definitely the worst of all Batman: Arkham games, but I still cannot complain as it contains the standard dark Arkham environment, the amazing combat mechanics the varied story mode.If you're buying an Batman: Arkham game for the first time: I recommend playing them by order if you're a fan of story games (order: Asylum, Origins, City, Knight). If you're looking for the best Arkham game ever, then buy Batman: Arkham City.Overall I still loved this game.10/10 would glide to the other side of a 10 miles bridges again"
,Not Recommended,209000,8741891,"Posted: 17 January, 2014",all,Valkol,"Arkham Asylum was great, Arkham City was better. Origins falls flat on its face in almost every way.Might as well buy Arkham City with all the DLC, the only thing missing is horrible story telling and a slightly bigger map.5/10"
,Recommended,209000,10962952,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,Jeremy,"It is no Arkham City, but its not a bad game. I really enjoyed my time with it. Multiplayer is terrible though, but the single player is still good without it."
76561198004811809,Recommended,209000,13965226,"Posted: 12 January, 2015",all,SyntaxError2600,"If you can't get enough of Batman and haven't played the other games then go for it..   It’s the next iteration of the previous games, nothing group braking."
,Recommended,209000,10772165,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,The Senate,"pros:Impressive fighting style,good graphics better gadgets,the AI is greatcons:the monologue that the enemies has is limited"
,Recommended,209000,16773182,"Posted: 28 June, 2015",all,aspateer,"Though not as good as the previous two titles in this series. this is still a solid game.... This one has multiplayer added into the mix and it is darn fun. The story here takes place before Arkham Asylum, and it is nearly as good as the other two games as well. Do yourself a favor and just play this entire series, you will not be disapointed!"
,Recommended,209000,11577254,"Posted: 6 August, 2014",all,Nawrusi,"A great batman story.If you already have played some of the other batman games in this sereis, you properly know about the gameplay by now, and therefore you can skip that part, since there have been no big changes on that part.I have a lot to say to this game, and therefore I`ll split this review into smaller topics.gameplay:The gameplay is simple but fun! You use your mouse to curse around, and click the left mouse button in order to attack the enemy you have targeted, you use your right mouse button to counter attacking enemeys. Along the way, you will unlock more items, and therefore more attack options. This is the open combat gameplay, but there is also the stealh element. This means there is normally two ways to do your job, but sometimes the game either gives you a stealh mission, or the open combat system.The stealh system is just you, the bat, sneaking around taking down your opponents one by one, without getting detcted. If you get spotted the army of enemys will attack you with heavy guns, that hurts a lot.All in all the combat system has`t change from the last two titels in the sereis, but I personally like this combat system, and this is a part of the game, I would not see any changes of. All in all the combat is great, it`s action packt, and trust me, the bosses makes the combat even more intense.Bosses:Speaking of the bosses, they are all great, and diffrent mechanics must be used, to defeat each and evey one, I will of couse not spoil to much, but I can tell you that the game usses known enemys from the batman universe such as Bane and Firefly, and usses lesser known if not new, like Electrocutioner and Cobberhead.The battles usses diffrent mechanics deppending on the boss. Bane is very strong, and you must be fast, and outsmart him, in order to deafet him. Firefly is flying around and you must pull him down while avoding the bombs he throws. Cobberhead is making you believe there is more of her, and you must fight an army, while searching for the real one. Deathstroke is a boss where you must counter at the right time, while giving deadly blows at the same tme.There are more bosses but they are all very good, and diffrent to change the gameplay a bit. They are all making your heart pump, and every single blow is satesfieing. The last ""boss"" is like the fight in Final Fantasy where Cloud uses the omnislash, it`s only for show, but trust me it`s a great ending.World:The world is what will become arkham city, in the game before this. The world is very open, and you can do whatever you want like extra missions or just beating up bad guys.Bonus missions:There is a lot to do on the side here, there are so many extra things to do, and things to find, just to name some of them, and why I liked them or not, I am going to go through some of the onece, that either was great or disapointed me.The riddler is back, or accually this is the first time he meets batman. This time, he has found intel on importeant peaople of Gotham, and you must find this intel and stop the Riddler. The diffrence from the other games is, that the intel is a bit easyer to find, and the puzzels are sometimes really lazy made. I was very dissapointed in this part of the game, sure it was fun to find the intel, but not as fun as find the Riddlers ridels as in the first game.You also get to know when there has been a humerside now and agian, therefroe you go into detective mode, and search for clues. This was a really cool idea and we really get to see batmans detective skills in action here. The only problem is that there is not much to it, you just follow the clues, untill you find the anwser. I thought this part could have been executed better, and made you the one to solve the puzzel not batman.The Mad Hatter sidequest is really great, he makes the bat enter a dream like stage, kinda like the one Scarecrow makes you go trough in the first game, the inverment is so great, and you get to see the wicked world of the Mad Hatter.There are also other sidequst, but they are just beat the bad guys sidequests.The sidequests where very great, and I enjoyed solving most of them.Story:The story takes place before the other two games in the series and is therefore a prequal. The game takes of with batman fighting killer Crock and afterwards escapese the police. So this is before the police trusts batman. We find out that there is a bounty on Batmans head, given by Black Mask and batman most now stop Blsck Mask, while avoding the assasins there is trying to kill him. Batman then finds out that someone has taken the mask, from Black Mask. That means someone is pretending to be Black Mask, and is pulling the strings for a plan, there will set Gotham in chaos.The tvist (spoilers):Black Mask has been overrun by the Joker, and it turns out he is just using the money he steels later on, to make bombs all over Gotham. We know the Joker, and therefore there is not motevation to blow up the city, other than to see pure chaos. This is also the first time that Batman meets Joker, and we get to relive Jokers tragic story, from a sorry comedian to the criminal he is.Batman then hunts around to find the Joker, and that makes Blackgate prison there final showdown. There is a final secuence where Batman beats up Joker, in an epic beatdown. This leads up to the rivalship bewtween Batman and Joker.spoilers over............This game is really fun, and the story is one of the greatest Batman storys I have ever experienced. I have yet to play the multiplayer, but when I do, I will add it to this review.All in all this game is really fun, it get`s a thumps up. 8 out of 10"
,Recommended,209000,18146088,"Posted: 22 September, 2015",all,Teodor The Light of Dawn,If we don't count that i had to restart a few times cause i got stuck in walls... the game is pretty epic i recommend it :)
,Recommended,209000,25731719,"Posted: 27 September, 2016",all,<3 HappyNess <3,"Nice game nice game though. A lot of bugs and glitches along in the game, but youtube has tutorials on how to fix or solve em'."
,Recommended,209000,17267592,"Posted: 28 July, 2015",all,Cave the Doggo,"Overall so far, it's a great game. I love the atmosphere of the game, but i have one problem, i used my WBID, and now it will not log WBID in. So i can't play the game. I'm trying to fix it but just a tip don't use WBID unless you know it wont not let you in for a bit."
76561198067263245,Recommended,209000,18880990,"Posted: 4 November, 2015",all,Jboy/wrait,I like this game! it has a great story line and epic battles. i really enjoyed the play through.
76561198047129050,Recommended,209000,15636405,"Posted: 1 May, 2015",all,AFauzan91,"this game has a good story but has lot of bugnot legit like 2 previous games,but its ok"
76561198039422557,Recommended,209000,9790065,"Posted: 11 April, 2014",all,HalfEatenSheep,Just not as good as the other two.
,Recommended,209000,15836439,"Posted: 15 May, 2015",all,Dan Oak,"I personally enjoyed this game, however it felt more like a dlc to Batman Arkham City. But for $20 its a great addition to your steam library."
,Recommended,209000,10425272,"Posted: 11 June, 2014",all,Task Force 131,like other bat man this game is goodstory 9/10graphic 10/10sound 9/10realistic 9/10
76561198081369101,Recommended,209000,11687366,"Posted: 13 August, 2014",all,PAZUZU,Not as good as it's previous games like arkham asylum and arkham city but it still has a good story i recommend to buy this game when it's on sale.
,Not Recommended,209000,28381284,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,Big Knife,Worst game in the series. Worst port in the series. You don't need it to advance the story in the series.
76561198139174820,Recommended,209000,15529094,"Posted: 24 April, 2015",all,arehnm,7/10
,Recommended,209000,11862433,"Posted: 25 August, 2014",all,domako17,the best game ever :}
,Recommended,209000,9663913,"Posted: 29 March, 2014",all,Deninedeny,"YOU HAVE TO BUY THIS AND PLAY IT RIGHT NOW. OKAY, IT IS NOT AS GOOD AS THE PREVIOUS ONE, BUT YOU SHOULD PLAY THIS."
,Recommended,209000,9686548,"Posted: 31 March, 2014",all,DIAMOND DOG,fun
76561198081122000,Recommended,209000,9687146,"Posted: 31 March, 2014",all,Biddion,"Most addictive Batman yet. The challenges in the cave are harder than those found in the previous games. Best of all, is the depth of the plot line. Haven't tried multiplayer."
76561198109055253,Recommended,209000,9687197,"Posted: 31 March, 2014",all,Lomg boye,Awesome game if you liked the other batman games. If you dont then you won't like it
,Recommended,209000,9690050,"Posted: 31 March, 2014",all,Garviel,Great game as the others were! Definitely recommend to get it!
,Recommended,209000,9690275,"Posted: 31 March, 2014",all,Sidus,"Even though it says I've only played this game for five hours, I mostly played this game offline and have completed the campaign. I must say that although the game is great, it is no match to what Arkham City had. The story was great, loved the part with the refrences to the Killing Joke and Joker's origin. However, what really began to tick me off was the combat, it was much slower and not as fluid. I found myself having the slow down, which is not a good thing when facing fifteen people at once. The only way I could take down some of the later battles were the shock gloves, which were way too overpowered in my opinion. The younger Bruce Wayne does actually feel younger, he seems more arrogant and less experienced, and I loved having Alfred talk to me rather than Oracle for a change. This is not just Batman's story though, it is also a story about the Joker, whom I found intriguing. The new voice actors suprisingly fit well, but nobody can beat Kevin Conroy. Gotham City seems really like a cut and paste Arkahm City, but it has some new tricks up its sleeve. Overall, even though this game is probably the weakest in the series, it's really well done. I'm suprised it was good, as it was not Rocksteady who made this game, but WB Montreal.8.4/10"
76561198094076454,Recommended,209000,9693597,"Posted: 1 April, 2014",all,Hella Eh 2.0,"wow really good game great quality good gamplay, fun worth the money and time"
,Recommended,209000,9695088,"Posted: 1 April, 2014",all,-=DD=-DARKWAVE,Awesome game! Graphics a an increase of the last game in the series and defintly uses the direct 11 to give the best it can! Game play is the same from the last game but opens the world more and adds some more dynamics that you have to play to experience. Totally worth the money!
76561198117989090,Recommended,209000,9697277,"Posted: 1 April, 2014",all,jdwitt14,"Awesome storyline! Perfect for Bat-fans. Some suggest that City was better, but I personally believe they're both too great to compare."
,Recommended,209000,9702498,"Posted: 2 April, 2014",all,Beatleman95,"Worth getting,Very great game!"
,Not Recommended,209000,9703751,"Posted: 2 April, 2014",all,Best Daddy Ever,"EDIT: I have been playing the online a lot lately and I have to admit that the online is actually very, very fun and creative. The same cannot be said about the Single Player.Whoever says that this game is not repititive has obviously not played the masterpiece known as Arkham City. Remember the Payphone Killer missions? Well, they are back again as bomb missions. The Bane ""Blow Up TITAN"" mission is replaced with Black Mask's ""Blow Up Drug Containers"" mission. The Freeze Blast/Cluster/Mine grenades are now replaced by the huge rip-off known as the Glue Grenade. The Line Launcher is now replaced by a ♥♥♥♥♥♥ replacement known as the ""Remote Claw"", which Bats literally stole from Slade the Terminator. The Remote Electric Charge gun is now replaced by the Shock Gloves. And the Beyond skin is only available in multiplayer!!! And as if it just wasn't already repititive enough, the TITAN dudes are replaced by the ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t ""Enforcers"" Bane boss fight is another giant rip-off of the TITANs, Firefly is extremely similar to Clayface and you even use the same gadget, the Glue/Freeze grenade to defeat both of them AND you have to dodge around to avoid either charges or, in Firefly's cas, the Flamethrower. Mad Hatter's mission is a rip-off of the Scarecrow Hallucination minus it isn't that exciting, AND I HAVEN'T EVEN STARTED TALKING ABOUT THE ♥♥♥♥ING MAIN STORY YET!!! Remember the Epic Fight in the gladiator pit in Penguin's museum? Well, it's back again. The TN1 Bane fight is a rip-off of the Mr Freeze fight, it's just without the feeling of helplessness, and the feeling that it truly is a game of cat and mouse in City. Copperhead is a huge rip-off of both Ra's Al Ghul AND Scarecrow, and while I admit it is enjoyable, the Deathstroke fight is also copied from Ra's Al Ghul, remember the Beat-Down sequences and countering huge attack chains? Collecting all of these communications circuits or whatever they were is a huge rip-off of destroying Penguin's Jammer, and you do it to apprehend the same guy again! How great is that? I should also mentioned that I enjoyed the setpieces in Arkham City, but the setpieces in Origins, espicially, the Main Theme, SUCKS. And remember how it would have been nice if the plot was about Batman screwing Black Mask up? Well, it's about the Joker again! Also, while some parts of the dialogue is nice(e.g. Joker's first conversation with Harley), most of it SUCKS, espicially the Predator Inmate Conversations.P.S: They've also somehow managed to screw up the Freeflow Combat in this game. Controls are unresponsive and you cannot cancel your own blows to counter anymore, and some of the new sounds(e.g. knockout sound) are terrible"
76561197982686448,Recommended,209000,9710280,"Posted: 2 April, 2014",all,rcrowley1011,"I think it's the best in the series easily. So if you are a fan of Arkham City, definitely purchase this."
76561198034554233,Recommended,209000,9710418,"Posted: 2 April, 2014",all,ReadMe︻芫═一,cool game
76561198037027401,Recommended,209000,9867613,"Posted: 18 April, 2014",all,GholaOfMe,"Great game, the way the Jocker is introduced is simply awesome"
,Recommended,209000,9647590,"Posted: 27 March, 2014",all,rindragon,
,Recommended,209000,9727066,"Posted: 4 April, 2014",all,Bigby,"If anyone tries to tell u that this game looks worse than AC, U chase the fools around a garden with a 2x4 in your underwear."
76561198119654885,Recommended,209000,9732025,"Posted: 5 April, 2014",all,TheDankDinosaur,Lags in boss fights sometimes. Other than that I have encountered no bugs or glitches. It is a very fun game. 4/5
76561198055097017,Recommended,209000,9690721,"Posted: 31 March, 2014",all,StormTroopa75,Very similar to Arkham City with a very interesting story.  The game does feel a little overwhelming with tons of side activies.  I seriously couldn't tell what was main or side missions
76561198014677591,Recommended,209000,9697219,"Posted: 1 April, 2014",all,MC Rave,"Improving? No. Still action-packed and Batman worthy? Sure! If you liked the first 2 games in the Arkham series, you'll like this one for sure. When you think you'll get bored with a same type of game again, don't buy it. Easy as it is."
,Recommended,209000,9703717,"Posted: 2 April, 2014",all,=FN=Fluidman,"Excellent Game, lots of Batman Mythology! Gameplay is the same from Arkhan City."
,Recommended,209000,9646018,"Posted: 27 March, 2014",all,Sowilo,This game is not as good as Arkham City. It isnt bad though. It has you quite into it. The Graphics great etc. My issue with it is it was so short for when I bought it for 60 dollars. If you can get it for less I think its worth it on discount.
76561197980871029,Recommended,209000,9661522,"Posted: 29 March, 2014",all,demody,Excellent graphics.  Typical Batman playmodes.
,Recommended,209000,9667126,"Posted: 29 March, 2014",all,{ JSA },"I would recomend this game, despite all the little bugs it contains"
,Recommended,209000,9681840,"Posted: 30 March, 2014",all,Quezacolatus,"Awesome, much better than the Arkham City"
,Recommended,209000,9684607,"Posted: 31 March, 2014",all,Neil3391,"This game is awesome, the only thing missing is proper control of the vehicles, which I'm looking forward to in Arkham Knight!"
,Recommended,209000,9689459,"Posted: 31 March, 2014",all,SamSmalls,"Currently playing this game through for the first time, and I love it! Great story, great villians.... AMAZING hero!"
,Recommended,209000,9691560,"Posted: 31 March, 2014",all,为西瓜,"This is a great game, and what ever IGN said should be ignored. First, about how they're is no one to save: EVERYONE IS AT HOME ON CHRISTMAS EVE! PLUS,THE NEWS TOLD THEM TO STAY INDOORS! Second, they say the story is to short and that they're is not that much sidequests or eastereggs to find: THEN GO TO MULTIPLAYER! I'M SURE THEY'RE ARE SOME THERE!!!ughsorry, I just didn't like IGNS review. I would give this game a nine out of ten, because they're are minor flaws, and (spoilers) they should've stuck with black mask!"
,Recommended,209000,9697716,"Posted: 1 April, 2014",all,$sp00ky.chaR,I recommend this game only because it is 'ok' in terms of gameplay. Watch out for the crashes while you play. Anything can make this game hang and crash.
,Recommended,209000,9699054,"Posted: 1 April, 2014",all,tres leches,LONG TIME BATMAN FAN AND I THINK IT'S OKAY - THE JOKER IS PROBS THE ONLY BUILT CHARACTER - BORING BEGINNING IF YOUVE PLAYER OTHER ARKHAM GAMES - UPGRADES LATER IN THE GAME ADD OODLES OF VARIETY IN CLOSE COMBAT - WOULD RECOMMEND TO ARKHAM PLAYERS AT A SALE PRICE - HIGHLY RECOMMEND TO NEW PLAYERS (WOULD NOT RECOMMEND DLC IF YOURE NOT A FAN OF BATMAN OR THE VIDEO GAME SERIES)
,Recommended,209000,9699415,"Posted: 1 April, 2014",all,Chicken Nigget,Awesome game
,Recommended,209000,9701486,"Posted: 1 April, 2014",all,MrPowerfist666,"While it can be said its just a reskinned arkham city, there Is much more too it than that. Personally I found the story and amount of side missions much more enjoyable than AC. It was like the first time I watched Dark Knight, type of a feel. which is great. If it weren't for the bugs/crashing on the PC port I would rate it a lot higher. Its my favorite of the series so far and It lets you be batman in a video game where you actually feel like your batman. unlike prior batman games. If your a fan, or you haven't played any of the prior Arkham games Id recomend you pick this one up. Id even say before the others."
,Recommended,209000,9709667,"Posted: 2 April, 2014",all,ConKeR,"Great fights and a nice story... some bugs but still a very good game. Didn´t tried the multiplayer yet, but seems awesome."
,Recommended,209000,9726585,"Posted: 4 April, 2014",all,burger1018,"This is a great game.  Personally, I found it as a even funner reboot of Arkham City.  9/10"
,Recommended,209000,9831249,"Posted: 16 April, 2014",all,Helichrome,"Was actually a surprisinglly good story for a prequel.Going into this game I was told it was really just more of the same from Arkham City, but the story providing a lot of backstory for more not just Batman, but for The Joker, Harley Quinn and Bane as well was pretty cool.The Joker being the main villian again made it a bit dull but overall was a great game."
,Recommended,209000,9867052,"Posted: 18 April, 2014",all,32BitProfessor,Below is a link to my video review.  Hope that you enjoy.Batman Arkham Origins Review
76561198108144033,Recommended,209000,9876792,"Posted: 19 April, 2014",all,Chronic213,Great game. A few tweakes made since Arkham City. A little different but better.
,Recommended,209000,9834424,"Posted: 16 April, 2014",all,Ed`theChimp,"The cutscenes are epic. The gameplay is awesome. The story is cool. Has some humor too. Joker might get a bit annoying tho. Also, no ♥♥♥♥♥♥s from Harley. :'("
76561198062918013,Recommended,209000,9856675,"Posted: 17 April, 2014",all,GiantsRepublic,Please have campaign for deadstroke
76561198121662870,Recommended,209000,9878016,"Posted: 19 April, 2014",all,megapants444,"The game itself is fine. It plays fine, the story is not bad. There are times where the game will show glitches, such as Batman falling THROUGH THE GROUND, or landing in water when he should be landing on the ground. Those, quite frankly, shouldn't bother anyone too much as they aren't too bad. Now, I am not too familiar with all the glitches, however I can tell you: STAY AWAY FROM 'MY ALIBI'.After you fight Bane, there will be a prompt to go after someone called The Bird. There are three places you travel to in order to complete the mission. The last place is 'My Alibi.' When I played it, I did the mini-boss fight with The Bird, then I was able to walk around. I walked into an adjacent room which turned black, as if I were between layers. Then I tried to leave the building but got stuck, so I restarted the game. When I continued the game, I saw Batman stuck in limbo, completely rendering the game broken. I've checked around and I see that it is a common glitch that occurs.I have only had this game for about a month, so whatever updates occured to fix this problem never carried over to when I bought it. I'm recommending this game because as I have said, it is fine and most of the glitches aren't too bad. All you need to do though, to be safe, is to completely avoid going into 'My Alibi.'"
,Recommended,209000,9836946,"Posted: 16 April, 2014",all,Mr. Poopybutthole was never real,"Such a great game, beside the few bugs that it's got which dont occur that much.Only happened twice for me.The story line seems dull at first but as it progreses it gets really really great.The combat is so much better than Arkham: Asylum or City.The ending is insane.I highly recommend this game for anyone who wants a memorable Batman experience.8/10 would've given 9/10 if there were no bugs."
76561198004624611,Recommended,209000,9900805,"Posted: 22 April, 2014",all,BurtMcGirt,"While its debatable where this ranks in the series of Arkham games, one thing's for sure...we're going to have a lot more Batman. At first I was opposed to WB throwing together a new studio to create filler Arkham games while Rocksteady tooled away on their next creation, but you know what? I don't mind so much anymore. Arkham Origins might not be the most polished title but it certainly is just as fun as the previous two installments. You have the same great gameplay you're used two, new villains from the DC universe, and some more backstory to our brooding hero (and villains). The multiplayer is flawed but I like that they took the risk of building something out because it's open for improvement (for future iterations). I'm looking forward to the Mr. Freeze DLC and hopeful (fingers crossed) that the time taken to create this new content will be worth the wait.My biggest gripe that doesn't spoil any sort of story aspect of the game are the costumes. Costumes that you can purchase or unlock but can't equip in the campaign until you've played through the game at least ONCE. That's a big gamble for WB to assume that we as gamers and consumers have the patience to play this again. Yes you can change your costume on the Challenge maps but not all of want to play that mode. If there was a cheat in the main menu (like Arkham City) that allowed to temporarily unlock costume play for that play session, I think everything would be fine (who knows, maybe this is in the pipeline).Minus my complaint about the costumes, I actually enjoyed this game quite a bit. Having had some time to think about it post completion; I'd give this a solid 7.5 with room to improve with the new DLC."
,Recommended,209000,9838848,"Posted: 16 April, 2014",all,Nobbynob,"Not as good as Arkham City. The artwork is lovely, but the level design is frankly kind of poor, Batman's movements aren't as smooth, and the camera shakes all over the place during freeflow combat (which drives me nuts). I get that they wanted to make Batman seem harsher and more intense, but he felt more of a badass when he moved with smooth controlled grace in the previous game."
76561198051089818,Recommended,209000,9858038,"Posted: 17 April, 2014",all,VAMP,this game is good. get it pls. do it for dolan duk
76561198094029563,Recommended,209000,9859482,"Posted: 18 April, 2014",all,Jaqueline,"Brilliant game, its just missing something that would make the game even better."
76561198114504862,Recommended,209000,20071660,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,Stoned As Hell,Batman is Batman
,Recommended,209000,10801647,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,Macwolla,So your batman and you have to punch people.
76561198123499448,Not Recommended,209000,21681943,"Posted: 7 March, 2016",all,LtRopy,"Potential SpoilerTL:DR Fix for the gamebreaking bug at foot of reviewWhat an absolutely stunning game.   For 8 hours or so you are absorbed in a rich storyline and immersing gameplay.Until you meat the 3rd Boss and the game grinds to a gamebreaking halt! The boss encounter becomes uncompletable.There does not seem to be an officially adddressed post from WB or Rocksteady.I found a whole load of seperate forums and complaints about this issue from 2013 but none more recently but the problem I encountered in 2016 was identical to the problem so many many others faced.For this reason i cant recommend this game at full price!for the price I paid [£3.75] it was and still is a massive bargain!!The answer took me 5 hours to find fully and having to sift and awful lot of this worked for me localisations but no general this will fix for all.Finally I found this on the steam forums:======================================================Originally posted by EbonHawk:These three things seem to fix the most problems with this game:1] update video card drivers2] delete bmengine.ini (might have to fix your graphics settings in game)3] manually run DXsetup.exe (and run game in lower DX mode)What have you got to lose?======================================================Solution 2 fixed it for me.still had to fight through the door like many others comment about but i got progression!!What was most odd was I had no problems on easy, it bugged out on hard.  With no changes made to my system between games."
,Recommended,209000,7536283,"Posted: 1 November, 2013",all,Gangis Humplstien,amazing story line and well done combat system that is really quite fluent. amazing.
76561198171066477,Recommended,209000,28681035,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,George 62,best batman game ever well all the batman games are brilliantbut this one is the best ever wait for it to go on offer to 3.7410/10
76561197963105728,Recommended,209000,7798871,"Posted: 27 November, 2013",all,TurboCross,"Although it's not as innovative as the previous two Arkham games it carries the torch well. If you're like me and were craving more Arkham City this is the game for you. If you're looking for a new narrative or anything spectacular you'll probably leave disappointed. The voice acting is great, Troy Baker does a fantastic job recreating the Joker. He'll make you fall in love with the clown all over again, and then abruptly make you never ever want to hear from him again. A must have for Batman fans and anyone who just can't wait for the next Rocksteady developed Arkham game."
,Recommended,209000,15571565,"Posted: 26 April, 2015",all,Nasty Pirate,"The game is a prequel to Arkham Asylum in order to get you going with the events that follow. It's classic beat the hell out of everyone in your path game, as intended. Super villains and lots of punching as the comics! The only drawback for me was the weird controls of the map where you can't use the mouse to pin point a location and becomes frustrating trying to do it with the keyboard after a while. Totally recommended."
,Recommended,209000,20171705,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,pierce,"I've been in unconditional love with this series ever since I picked up Asylum many years ago. The fighting in this game is almost perfect, with some minor ""unfairness"" or bugs here and there. The story line cannot be any better, I mean come on! It's freakin' Batman! The boss battles are intense, and can be frustrating at first. The only boss I can't stand, and hated to fight was Bane. It took many tries for the first battle, and the second one probably gave me a heart arrythmia, as the fear of a giant walking around and being completely helpless made my heart POUND. It took me atleast an hour to beat that fight. The side missions I've yet to get to, however I plan to, because they provide even more build up to the plot, even after it's conclusion. I would recommend this game, but only when on sale (christmas sales, etc.), I have no reason why. I mean, unless you're a Batman obsessed freak, no offense, and you MUST have this game and all the others when they come out, then go ahead, but to someone who wants to casually play this for the sake of playing it, I'm sure you can wait for it to be super cheap. I also recommend playing the entire series, as, again, the story line is amazing.I personally rate this game a 8.5/10."
,Not Recommended,209000,12171649,"Posted: 21 September, 2014",all,shieldbreaker26,I love this game a lot. Especially having played all of the arkham series games so far. So why do i not recommend this game? Simply put this game has so many game breaking games it makes it hard to play. You can end up in an endless loop of falling or even just become completely stuck. If your game happens to auto save at the time these things happen then you are just out of luck unless you want to replay through the whole game again and hope you do not encounter it again. The worst part? They are aware these exist in the game and they have stopped all support meaning that there will be no fixes for these problems. What did they choose to do instead? Why release some dlc instead!!!!! Clearly a cash grab and they could care less about the game itself. So i do not suggest buying this game at all. And if the new one comes out i do not recommend buying it either. The first 2 arkham asylum and arkham city yes i do recommend those games. Arkham origins and any game after it? Not so much.
,Recommended,209000,11792674,"Posted: 20 August, 2014",all,TossedNut,"The Game is very good it has a good story,batmans costume is awesome and this game deserve the price!But it is a short game maybe you can make it long with DLC!İt has A good online game you can be joker,batman,robin,bane but the problam is you need to wait long to go in a server!İ give 10/8.3 to this game"
76561198316969384,Recommended,209000,29217131,Posted: 12 January,all,LoftierBark46,I LOVE THIS GAME SO MUCH WELL ITS WORKS ON PENTIUM IT STILL WORKS GRAPHICS ARE GREAT TO ITS BETTER THEN ARKHAM CITY  I ALSO BOUGHT A NEW PC WHICH PLAYS IT SO WELL BUT I REALLY WANT TO PLAY ARKHAM KNIGHT EVEN THE FIRST LEVEL WOULD MAKE ME HAPPY
,Recommended,209000,8476184,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,KayEffCee,asdasdasd
,Recommended,209000,8163952,"Posted: 21 December, 2013",all,TheTrueAlpha01,"I have purchased all Batman's on both Xbox 360, ps3, and now Pc, I have been waiting for BAO for a long time now, and I have to say I wasn't dissapointed, The only critisism of the game known to me is the bugs that occured when the game first came out, and now that the majority of them have been fixed, this is if not the best, one of the best batman's I have played."
,Recommended,209000,12811561,"Posted: 5 November, 2014",all,NIИ,"Fun game, playing as Batman where it all started is really interesting. I prefered Arkham City over this one much more but it was still a fun game to play.8/10"
,Recommended,209000,13239508,"Posted: 5 December, 2014",all,Drew,graphic 8/10story 9.5/10gameplay 8.5/10sound 8/10result 8.5/10
76561197993355178,Not Recommended,209000,9511254,"Posted: 17 March, 2014",all,hoorah,"Completely unplayable. Several ""patches"" later. I want my money back. Stat."
,Recommended,209000,32932202,Posted: 28 June,all,sadwave,qeq
,Recommended,209000,7612430,"Posted: 9 November, 2013",all,Mister Hister,10 из 10
76561198048432056,Recommended,209000,28536088,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,strider,"It's an ok game, althoughonlyworth buying if you're a big fan of the Batman franchise (which I am not). The map is virtually the same as Arkham City and except for a couple gadgets everything else is pretty much the same. It is fun at first, but the story gets boring/annoying really quick and combat becomes frustrating halfway through the game. On a positive note, like the previous games, it's built using the Unreal engine so it looksfantasticand runs pretty well on various hardware.I don't recommend it 100% and I'd rather rate it ""neutral"" or ""not sure"" if I could. Buy it on sale, or else it ain't worth the price."
,Recommended,209000,17037653,"Posted: 13 July, 2015",all,Amethyst_RK,totally awesome game....must play it before trying the Arkham Knight...!!!
76561198043383281,Recommended,209000,11929800,"Posted: 30 August, 2014",all,Chef,"It's like skyrim, with batman"
76561198281096012,Recommended,209000,31759700,Posted: 14 May,all,Skylo89,"Bye Online,It was nice knowing u.Story is pretty ok7.5/10"
76561197990220919,Recommended,209000,9922703,"Posted: 24 April, 2014",all,Lee Marvin's Ghost,"You just can't get it through your thick skull! We both exist because of them!""―The JokerBatman Arkham Origins provides the same familiar gameplay as its previous titles.  Great game with plenty of content to keep you busy.  9/10  Be the Bat!"
,Recommended,209000,20001387,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,skN,Even if its the weak game in the Batman :Arkham series is still worth playing!pros- Good story- Challenging boss fights-The ombat system is the same as in the old games (The combat system in old games was really good)cons:-Bugs and crashes-As I said the combat system is the same as the old games so dont expect any innovationOverall: 7.5/10
76561198114208421,Not Recommended,209000,12059212,"Posted: 10 September, 2014",all,1075716088,Many many bug.
,Not Recommended,209000,12181720,"Posted: 21 September, 2014",all,Chadnorton1975,Check the sheer number of reviews that say the game essentially ends for them at the first boss - Deathstroke. I played through Batman Arkham City three times and I've faced some tough bosses with Batman before but Deathstroke in this game is different. I've tried to kill him over 300 times and I've never come close. I gave up and quit the game. If a boss is so hard that you can't get past him after 300 tries it's time to admit you suck and it's never going to be fun for you. I have 90 other games in my library to play that I'm good at and are all better than this game including two other Batman titles. In my opinion making Deathstroke such a difficult boss was a game dev mistake.
76561198020746084,Recommended,209000,15990503,"Posted: 24 May, 2015",all,Donki,"I'd also give it a thumb down if possible since I'm happy with the game and also very disappointed. Single player didn't innovate anything in comparison to Arkham city .. which is fine considering how grate it was. Look at it as a glorified expansion of A.City. Looks a bit different, plays the same. Story is fine, characters old and new both. Sound, voice acting as great as ever, and I'm very pleased to see how well they've optimized it for PC. I have a fairly old system and it runs smooth (certainly not maxed out..but still).And then there's online .... Now KEEP IN MIND that I bought the game almost 2 YEARS AFTER its RELEASE. From the first moment you press quick match you'll be hoping that you don't get disconnected during match making, or the game doesn't crash as soon as it may start. You'll still have a hard. Player controlled gangsters can ♥♥♥♥ Batman and Robin up very easy and very fast. Controls may seem the same, yet they work very differently. I had the fortune to get my first two matches after 30 minutes of trying to find a match that wont disconnect. Once I managed to start the match I'm chosen to be Bats which is cool and all ... if not for the fact that I ad no idea where to go, how to get closer than 5 feet of anyone without getting a a barrel of bullets in my face. They can find you ANYWHERE! It also doesn't help that I'm put as a lvl 2 player against lvl 200+ players. Randomly two or three beginners (lvl1-2-3) are put up with and against lvl 200+ (had a 600+ once). And that's about all I could play because ever since then I haven't been able to connect to a proper match.SO Single player thumbs upOnline ... yeah nooooo....."
,Recommended,209000,22379574,"Posted: 12 April, 2016",all,Max | csgobounty.com,This game has too many gliches and lag while playing online but in singleplayer it coudn't get any better.
,Recommended,209000,12203022,"Posted: 23 September, 2014",all,NexusProxy,Better adaptation of the DC universe for a game!
,Recommended,209000,10017967,"Posted: 4 May, 2014",all,Goblinounours,"Not as good as Arkham City, but still pretty nice.This game seems like an expansion of Arkham City.As for the story, it doesn't add anything important to the previous game, and you'll be clearly able to play Arkham Knight (the fourth game) without playing Arkham Origins.Overall, it was nice to play to Arkham Origins, but don't hope to see a revolution compared to Arkham City."
76561197996262501,Recommended,209000,12216349,"Posted: 24 September, 2014",all,Çreeper,BEST GAME EVA BUY IT!!!!!!!!!!!!
76561197970531170,Not Recommended,209000,9047777,"Posted: 10 February, 2014",all,Dick Mountainjoy,"Horrible control scheme, broken game mechanics abound, weak story, gigantically bug ridden. Boss fights come down to if the button press actually go through or not, it's not a guarantee that when you hit a button it does the action it's supposed to. Tap to roll, and oh wait its a long animation that takes forever you dont roll you die, try again. I want my money back, but this being Steam I am just screwed."
76561197992530541,Not Recommended,209000,9066725,"Posted: 12 February, 2014",all,2bad,Played for 5h before game crashes on startup. Can't really give a good review with that little gametime but I would reccomend that you do not buy this game. It's to similar to the previous games and now that they say they wont patch it so it can work at 100% it really feels like a bad buy.
76561198100363611,Recommended,209000,9778471,"Posted: 10 April, 2014",all,Tazika,This is realy good game. i realy enjoied the story. i realy like the villains they are all interesting and good for arkham franchise there are many bugs for exmple in singleplayer the glide glitch and in multiplayer the most annoyng bug the weapons are invinsible and only 2 guys were playng i just walked and everyone was invinsible. back to singleplayer i realy like boss fights the best was deathsroke and most annoyng was bane. the side missions are not so interresting and i played it only for shiva and deadshot i will say the game is realy good i think the charachter models are better (in my opinnion) but this game would be better if this were the first one in arkham franchise (sorry for bad english
76561198006049374,Recommended,209000,8485304,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,hdave74,"More of the same, but given how great the previous two Batman games were I think that's a good thing. The combat is as exciting as ever, and while some parts of Gotham feel recycled from Arkham City I haven't found any of the re-use to be a distraction. Combat feels as tight as the first game, with a stronger focus on long melee fights with multiple unarmed opponents (at least in the early game). The graphics are also top notch.If I have any quibbles at all they come with the more restrictive upgrade paths for abilities - you can't just rush to all the takedown moves by saving points any more... but that's a minor issue at best. If you enjoyed the previous games, you'll probably enjoy this one as well."
,Recommended,209000,8347234,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,Hand Banana,I AM BATMAN
76561197970444834,Recommended,209000,8679765,"Posted: 12 January, 2014",all,Goat Necromancer,Buy this...its batman
,Recommended,209000,7816372,"Posted: 28 November, 2013",all,Carnavas,Batman punches white people who are christmas shopping for their disabled children. He's just flustered because alfred can't afford the new toys on his salary
,Recommended,209000,25538802,"Posted: 16 September, 2016",all,DerpyPsych,"After around 44 hours of non-stop gameplay and content, I finally decided to write a review.Batman Arkham Origins is one of the best cinematic batman games ever. Note that I said 'cinematic'. Because the story and plot really makes you feel that you're watching a movie, even quick time events are added mid cinematics for more involvement. Don't hear what others say about the glitches. I rarely even see them, only glitching out while gliding at certain times.Gameplay is as refined as ever, brought over from akrham city. And the boss fights, oh the lovely boss fights. Sure, some of it have rehashed movesets from the previous games, but mostly freaking amazing, far better than that arkham tank game (if you know what i mean). Story is interesting and encourages you to finish it, and there are some very emotional moments that i dont want to spoil. Some skins are made free by completing certain objectives which is really appreciated. I really enjoy the overall game as I play this gritty, violent batman who doesn't even bat an eye to break every bone he sees to get what he wants.In short, if you are looking for a batman game set in winter, has awesome boss fights, amazing story, buy this gameright now during its weekend sale. The DLC is also worth it too, unfortunately there are no sale prices for that."
,Not Recommended,209000,24817498,"Posted: 10 August, 2016",all,Lazydruid,"I want my money back. This game is bugged to hell and back. The fast travel times average out past 10 to 15 MINUTES, unless you edit the ini file. The final fight with the Joker, is also heavily bugged, so you die, because you have no way to counter.Bravo WB Montreal. Bravo. I hate this game now, do not buy this, it's not worth it."
,Not Recommended,209000,9301683,"Posted: 1 March, 2014",all,Ethaninja,"Ok, this game was a bit of a dissapointment for me unfortunately. The whole Arkham Origins kind of was. Love the Batman franchise though. And most of this would sort of be nitpicking, but it's the little things right?1. Yes I know, he's a ""hero"". But still, the game taunts you by giving you all these lovely rooftops, and yet you cannot throw people off? Or at the least, hang them from the railings like he does in numerous torture scenes? I mean, the enemy, on the edge of a building, I kick him straight back and he just goes up in the air like he's too good to fall off!2. If you are giving me the ""counter"" symbol, and I press the button, it was because I wanted to counter.3. Gotham is a beautiful city right? I'd like to go to one of their lovely bars and knock a few drunk heads around or something.4. I know I know, he's afraid of firearms. But still, it would be nice to be able to use say, a tranquilizer gun, or a at least shoot one of the thugs in the knee. I mean if you're allowed to beat them to a bloody pulp with their own skulls, a bullet to the knee sounds like a much nicer way to take someone down if you ask me.5. The game just starts to become quite repetative quite quickly. The only real difference is WHERE you repeat it. And it's not just the Bat Man games. It's ALL superhero games. Go here, mash the button until conflict is resolved. Attempt stealth but hope to hell it doesn't glitch out on you.6. Those ♥♥♥♥ing vent covers! I'm sick of having to mash the A button everytime I come across one of those. I mean seriously! What are they, trying to build up our thumb muscles or something? Just play the cutscene, and stop this useless crap.7. Again, Gotham is a beautiful city. I'd love to be able to jump and run around it all over the place. But the fact that I cannot for the life of me grapple up a simple ledge for some reason baffles me. ""Oh but errr you're not supposed to go derrrrr"". Well perhaps make it a little bit more obvious with say, a fence or something. Don't give me the hope that I MAY be able to get up there.8. The Puzzles: Ok, I'll admit, that one where you have to do a whole bunch of forensics is fun. It makes me feel immersed in the whole ""detective"" role. But when you have to use your little thumb stick to aim at a circle and press one button? I mean, cmon. That's not a puzzle, it's an inconvinence. A break from the gameplay that disrupts the flow and pacing. It's just as bad as the ""mash A to open"" button.9. This game is hard just for all the wrong reasons. It's not a challange in itself, it's just buggy and clunky. The controls skips if they even work at all.10. Instant Respawn Enemies: Ok so I've just spent the last 15 minutes cleaerning a ship full of badguys to make a stealth entrance, only to have walked to the other side of the ship and back, and they already set up shop straight away!11: Ok I need to know if this ""supposed"" stealth move is going to be quiet or not. Thanks to not knowing, I now have to redo the whole ♥♥♥♥ing scene again. Yeah, thanks.12: Bad prioritisation of targets: Don't get me wrong, it's fun to just randomly mash a button and hope for the best. However, if there is a room full of fist wielding thugs, and a man with a machine gun, I'd PROBABLY go for the machine gun first, if that's ok with you."
76561198001222682,Not Recommended,209000,11048212,"Posted: 3 July, 2014",all,PUD Muscle,"Game is great, plays well but the first boss is a joke on you, Deathstroke can stroke me . The very first boss shoulda been the final. He starts with a staff and ends with a sword. I played the battle 35 times and couldn't beat him so I can't finish the game . Waste of $ I guess? Tried both kb and mouse and controller. Yes I Rage quit and went on to something else."
,Recommended,209000,33163522,Posted: 2 July,all,RHeN | skinsjar.com,"I played this after Arkham City, I know this game is placed  before Arkham City. But I still enjoy the story. This game, if u fans of batman or arkham series, Its still good. All the combat and feel from Its brother still the same. What I dont like from this game is just the ""story"", sooooooo boring, I didnt even finish this game, just saw someone finish this on YT. Idk why, its boring, I didnt enjoy this game as much as Arkham City.I rate this game 7.3/10But I still recommended this tho"
,Recommended,209000,13504827,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,Pete,"If you see any of the Batman 'Arkham' games in a steam sale, they are all a must-buy.They all look stunning, the stories are rich, and the worlds are moody and beautiful, the combat is smooth, the characters are compelling.Mark Hamill (Luke Skywalker) does his infamous 'Joker voice', it's a trip right back to the golden age of saturday morning cartoons.The Main story arc takes about 13 horus to finish, the world is relatively big (albeit practically copied & pasted directly from Arkham CIty)If you've played the other Batman games, you'll enjoy this also, if you haven't played the others, this is still worth a purchase, especially if you see it on a Steam Sale.8/10 would be higher with a larger sandbox, longer story."
,Not Recommended,209000,13765505,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,Damluji,"Fun game but fails to leave its own mark on the franchise, it is more like Arkham City 1.5 and is a stop-gap solution until Arkham Knight is (was supposed to be) released.not worth a full SRP, but if you see it in a steam sale for a fiver, you've already played through the previous two games, AND you're stil waiting on Arkham Knight then and only then i would recommend a buy.best part is Troy Baker as a young Joker :)"
,Recommended,209000,15697938,"Posted: 5 May, 2015",all,TyanmirRise,"Competence 101Arkham Origins is an interesting beast. A game that probably no one asked for, a quick fix for the Fall gaming season upon release and a title that is and always will be foreshadowed by ""big brother"" Rocksteady's Arkham City. It is a case of mapped out goals that are selected just right enough as to not upset what came before. And as a result, it ends up not really having an identity and being a stop-gap before the next big instalment that has now turned out to be Batman: Arkham Knight.Thestoryhere isn't particularly bad. It's simply serviceable. It's Christmas Eve and a fledgling vigilante Bat finds himself having to deal with a group of assassin's hired by a certain Roman Sionis (discovering alter egos is part of the fun) who want him rather dead. This motley crew has to kill this particularly grouchy incarnation of the Bat in one night.... Try not to think too much about the logistics of the plan and the hours required to fulfill it. It truly doesn't make sense, but semantics be damned. All this culminates in a twist that fans especially will see coming from MILES away. To add to the main story experience, the Game of the Year (GOTY) edition goes further to include one story DLC that has you revisit the game's locales and challenge map scenarios that are simply battle arenas.PlayingArkham Origins is a clear case of ""...if it ain't broke don't fix it"". It's more of the same old same old with very slight changes in the combat animations. Having come from completing Arkham City myself (review incoming), I feel that the combat rhythm here is slightly ""off"" with the Bat's animations being very slightly sluggish between frames. This is especially apparent when you are maintaining high combo strings and he has to move a tad faster between enemies when surrounded. That aside, all other traversal mechanics are present and correct from the previous installment of City, but if you've been used to the routine before there isn't much new to see here save for one particular tricky class of fighter and some new gadgetry (including the Shock Glove and EX Suit that just lovely cop-outs). The detective work has also been tweaked somewhat to provide a bit more narration. Here WB Montreal did a good job.Technicallythis game performs really well especially after the raft of patches that came post release. Includes some extra DX11 features with regard to ambient occlusion and tessellation that really helps bring out the best the Art team at WB Montreal had to offer for their game. Only really applicable and apparent when you enable ULTRA settings. It certainly looks and runs really great post GOTY.The sound workis not really memorable in that you probably will not end up latching onto a favorite audio track in your head when done. I suppose all the audio work was meant to do was simply set the tone in certain areas while providing some ambiance to the experience albeit with a very limited track selection.So is this title worth getting? Yes. With a caveat... Wait for a sale. Treat this as a quick romp (if you're an old hand at the series) and if you're a new fan? Probably start here then play all of Rocksteady's work back to back with the proviso that Arkham Origins is not a complete necessity but an appetizer to the main event. Be advised that if you are knowledgeable in your DC Comics lore you'll enjoy your Easter Eggs like a certain ""Queen Industries"" Shipping Container.Parting Shot: ""It's Christmas Eve Sir..."" ~ Alfred Pennyworth."
76561198047668775,Recommended,209000,13817245,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,George Zimmerman {suicidal},"It was definitely not as good as the other two Arkham games, and it lacked a lot of polish that the others had. Also I did not think the different voice actors were that big of a deal like some people think, but I will admit I did miss Kevin Conroy's Batman (Roger Craig Smith tried his best). If I am looking at this game from a standalone perspective however without the series bias, I think it is a solid Batman game. Though it had its glitches and bugs, I really liked the new system of solving crimes by piecing together the whole event. I also did not think the story was all that bad, it was nice getting some origins story background. All in all, you will probably like it 7/10"
,Recommended,209000,15546805,"Posted: 25 April, 2015",all,Schizo Doll,"Okay... I am going to start with negativesShort gameplay as hell... Wtf? really, guyswhat is this? I expexted more from it. There is many uncovered questions, game stopped in best part. I think that they decided to add more of it into dlc, which is really sad, it used to be a good game series. I don't think that it is good to play the whole game in 13 hours including deaths and restarts... I think there is about 10 hours of pure gameplay, what is really poor.Grapling hook: somehow they forgot that in Arkham city, that fast grapling hook was just prototype, but here, even before arkham asylium, we have boosted grapling hook.Good things:GraphicsStory lineMultiplayer (haven't tried yet)----------------------------------------------------------I think there should be button not only for reccomend or not, but even for buy on your own risk.I would give this game 6,5/10I am fan of Batman series, but this game was not that good as I expected."
,Recommended,209000,10962251,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,Patrick Bateman,batman
,Recommended,209000,12176575,"Posted: 21 September, 2014",all,Harald Nugiseks,"This game can challenge you. In some places you'll just get angry, but when you pass, you're gonna feel really good."
,Recommended,209000,25490434,"Posted: 13 September, 2016",all,Yamitus,"Not as good as Arkham City, definetly better than Arkham Asylum. Worth the 5€ but some bugs are not bearable (like ""bossfight"" in first 10 minutes of gameplay where enemy turns invisible and game crashes)."
76561198027518563,Recommended,209000,13137387,"Posted: 29 November, 2014",all,Pickle Smith,I like this game. Its good.
76561198028573138,Recommended,209000,13207807,"Posted: 2 December, 2014",all,Sgtrakoe,This game was fun but…  The vent bug/glitch was enough for me to lose all replay.Joker on the other hand was dead on executed I still like watching the cut scenes on YouTube.6/10 main campaign completed. I would recommend
,Recommended,209000,13906140,"Posted: 9 January, 2015",all,The_Real_Rogue,I like this game since i purchased it i like also adventures exploring cities and thank you for making this Game so Thumbs up for me! :) And Also for nomination :D
76561198266314419,Recommended,209000,24512665,"Posted: 24 July, 2016",all,Illestderp,All Batman games rule.. Get this..
76561197984771375,Recommended,209000,9665485,"Posted: 29 March, 2014",all,GrimReaper,This Batman Is Way Better Then Batman Arkham CIty
76561198079089777,Not Recommended,209000,9720583,"Posted: 3 April, 2014",all,JudeRock,"So, the third series of Batman: Arkham. It is a prequel, and the story is not that bad. The good things are there is multiplayer now, you can go to the batcave whenever you want, and new batsuits. The combat system is pretty much the same but with new enemies. And new gadjets, and you can talk to Alfred. Also plenty of challenge maps. The BIGGEST issue with this game is all the game breaking bugs. First you got the bug when you go into a building and everything turns black and you can't go anywhere. The next one is the audio messes up sometimes. And sometimes you will glide under the world with the same thing as the first one, everything goes black and you can't do anything. There are other huge bugs and plenty of little bugs like when you start spinning when you glide (but that is a funny bug). Also with the multiplayer (I don't know if anyone else has this problem) most of the time you get a message saying ""Steam connection has been dropped"" and just brings you back to the menu. And the sad thing is you can't fix these bugs in game. Only the audio one and the multiplayer one (and by fixing the multiplayer you just keep trying to join matches). If you get the forever blackness one you actually have to look up a solution which I did and actually go to your files and type something in the data of the game. For my count, i'm saying no, BUT if you can handle all these bugs and have the solution to the forever blackness bugs, then I guess you can get it. It's pretty fun when it isn't constantly screwing up."
76561198027897851,Recommended,209000,9731624,"Posted: 5 April, 2014",all,kingwiggly,"Batman: Arkham Origins takes a lot of great elements from both arkham asylum and city.While it is not a huge improvement from arkham city in terms of graphics or gameplay,this is still a great batman experince that any fans will no doubt enjoy.While arkham asylum and city had a "" animated series "" vibe to it, origins has a more ""christopher nolan "" feeling.Batman is constantly gritty and violent, showing that he is not a force to be reckoned with.This change of direction helps origins seperate itself from it's predecessors.The good :While combat remains mostly the same as arkham city, enemies are much more brutal this time,swinging more punches at you rather than being kinda slow and idle from what we witnessed in previous games.There are also new enemy types like the martial artist who needs to be countered twice.The new enemy types are a great addition to the series.Boss battles are also spectacularly well done.Remember that epic Mr freeze battle from city? Well you can expect almost the same level of epicness in every single boss encounter in this game.There is not a dull one to be found.The bad :Riddler, or Enigma as he's called here, is such a letdown villain.There are no riddles to solve and the datapacks, which are like riddler trophies are also very dull.Riddler(enigma) seems very tacked on just for the sake of adding him.They screw up the upgrade system BIG TIME.In previous games, you do not have to follow a linear upgrade tree but in here you do.In arkham city, I can upgrade new combat moves while never even upgrading my body armour for a harder playthrough( which i love making my games harder). Here, you are forced to upgrade the earlier upgrades just to move up this dumb tree system.I give arkham origins a 7/10."
,Recommended,209000,9872807,"Posted: 19 April, 2014",all,Satarskrin,Best game ever 19.4.14
76561198016967644,Recommended,209000,9892377,"Posted: 21 April, 2014",all,jackiedanniels,"First of i wanna say i've played Arkham City and these two games are reallly similar, but i like Origins more. Graphics are better with use of Physix, audio is bit better too and gameplay is almost the same but the story is better. It does great job at introducing the characters and showing the story of Bruce Wayne becoming Batman. In conclusion i recommend it too both Arkham veterans and new players of Arkham games. I'd give it 8/10"
,Not Recommended,209000,9902549,"Posted: 22 April, 2014",all,FabulousTaco,"Arkham Origins can be a good game. It can be at times. The casefiles are well done and the challenges are actually difficult to complete and require you to think encounters out in order to complete them. The new voice actors do a good job. The story is interesting. The boss fights, unlike the previous games, are fun and are all unique. But that's where it ends, because the bugs absolutely break any enjoyment you manage to suck out of this game.First we had the glitch involving a Riddler Tower that made completion of a main side-quest impossible. Thankfully it's patched, but it sent up red flags about the QA. 6 months after release we still have bugs involving the glide mechanics, crashing/stability issues, and my personal favourite which involved every gadget I used to be a Concussion Detonator when aimed and fired completely negating a New Game Plus run.Is WB going to fix these issues and many others that people are experiencing? No. In fact they've come out and said that they won't be patching the game any further despite all the known issues, in favour of working on the DLC. So basically we have a good game plagued by terrible technical issues by a QA team staffed by monkies with a developer/publisher at the helm saying, ""We got your money already, go **** yourself. But only after you buy more of our product.""And I haven't even got to the multiplayer, which interests me on a personal level about as much as playing a game of Roshambo. Make no mistake, if the multiplayer was not in this game and instead that money and time was spent on the singleplayer I have no doubts that this would have been a better game for it. Instead it's a fragmented mess that pulls left and right and splits apart at the seams.Edited for late 2015: After the disasterous launch of Arkham Knight, it isn't possible to recommend getting that either. There are problems with this game, but there are also strengths. So my personal recommendation, while I still cannot say that this is a must buy, is that you should do some research and decide for yourself. If you don't care that much about some minor or major bugs, pick it up. If you do stick with the known quantity that is Arkham City."
,Recommended,209000,9868810,"Posted: 19 April, 2014",all,Chance,An amazing game... All of the Batman Arkham games are good.
76561198036655281,Recommended,209000,9688192,"Posted: 31 March, 2014",all,Big Boss,So after Arkham City is Arkham Origins just as good or better? I've played through the game two times so far and I can say that yes it is just as good as Arkham City. Origins doesn't really try to do much different from City so everything I said about that game is the same for this one. What really makes this game for me is the setting. It takes place on Christmas Eve which gives the whole game a holiday feel. Not too many games have done this and this game creates the holiday feeling extremely well. This is the kind of game I think I will play every Christmas and have fun with it every time. Not much else to say since it is so similar to Arkham City. I'm expecting Arkham Knight to be the game that will improve the series even more.
,Recommended,209000,12415657,"Posted: 8 October, 2014",all,Jepsen,Solid game with a ton of content. Good story and atmosphere and great combat.
76561198297450733,Recommended,209000,34265301,Posted: 15 August,all,math.moes02,One of the best Batman games ever8/10 only reason I did not rare it higher is because of some off thebugs in the game
,Recommended,209000,21305783,"Posted: 18 February, 2016",all,Not Felix,"Eh, i meanWhy not?"
,Recommended,209000,13960410,"Posted: 12 January, 2015",all,Self Esteem,"Like Skyrim with even bigger bats, but the bats are glitchy and unoriginal."
,Recommended,209000,26811818,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Deucalion,"I really really liked that serial. Story, graphics, enemies. In a sense , short of that i liked in every respect. But there is sth in  all batman series to date. Same mechanic. Always same mechanic in fight . When u be captured always same escape always same dodge . Likewise just like that combo too. And there is one mistake in game that i realized. I changed my suit. Eventhough i wear other bat skin , when i make  fast travel it seeming old suit. One way or another I am playin' this game without get bored.  And the chapter called Wonderland was amazing. It was a perfect chapter. Absolutely play this game. Play all Batman series . Really good production."
,Not Recommended,209000,10881201,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,Monchberter,"More Arkham is a good deal if you've never played it before, but otherwise there's not a lot here to hold your attention. The city is sprawling and the new enemy types interesting, but the same old back and forth traipsing around after bits and pieces gets tired quickly. Lacks the focus of Asylum and the writing of City"
,Recommended,209000,22818806,"Posted: 5 May, 2016",all,Radical Atheist Terror,"This game is actually LESS broken on PC, making the Arkham Knight incident even more inexcusable."
,Recommended,209000,8626520,"Posted: 8 January, 2014",all,coolhand,"The PC port of this game is actually quite good, and I haven't encountered any of the gameplay bugs or issues reported by console players. Works very well with my 360 controller. The story and gameplay here is satisfying, and I'd place it between Arkham Asylum (great) and Arkham City (middling) in the echelon of recent Batman games. The boss battles, however, can be very frustrating and repetitive, playing out more like interactive cutscenes than an actual gameplay experience. Recommended, but only if on sale."
,Recommended,209000,9874686,"Posted: 19 April, 2014",all,ColtonZP,"7/10This game is great, but not completly worth the full price. If it goes on sale it is a must have. The story is a little repetitive compaired to the last games, but still in my opinion a very good game. Could have a lot of improvments, like having to beat all the assassins insead of skipping out on two of them. By now it may just be better to save you money for the next game.Edit: After playing Arkham City on the PC I've noticed this game has a lot more graphical errors, something that could have been completely avoided."
,Recommended,209000,7773872,"Posted: 26 November, 2013",all,GUNSLINGERN7,This a very fun game didnt push the envelope verry similar to the first two but a great game. Well worth the price.
,Recommended,209000,7743032,"Posted: 25 November, 2013",all,xporc,"A weird case of a game. It is the weakest entry in the Arkham trilogy, but it is nevertheless a good game in itself.Pros* Good story, maybe the best of the Arkham trilogy. The characters and their motivations are adapted to their situation. Beware that it is not Batman's origin story* Non-inventive but entertaining gameplay, slightly faster than its predecessor. Each boss feels different* Graphics are good and the crumbling snow is a welcome additionCons* Gotham City as an environment is very video-gamey* Bugs, some were game-breaking on launch and were fixed, others are still here and annoying* Visible lack of polish compared to the two other gamesDo as I did, and treat it as an expansion pack for Arkham City. Don't pay full-price for it, but WB Montreal showed some love in their youth enthusiasm and thus you should buy it on sale and enjoy it for what it is."
76561198393236347,Recommended,209000,34323849,Posted: 18 August,all,Tairy__Dumpster,Prob my favorite Batman pc port to date. Much love Bats
76561198155532402,Recommended,209000,34743239,Posted: 4 September,all,Yosterr,it is fun would recomend
,Recommended,209000,35373482,Posted: 1 October,all,Francis,"third game in the Arkham Series, Batman: Arkham origins.i recommend the complete serie.i was not sure if i wanted to buy batman games but always wanted to give it a shot , decided to buy them all for 20$ each and i was very happy with the games.BAO tells the story of batman in Gotham city.the game is set in a ""freeworld"" , similar size to the previous game.most of the riddler trophies are replaced by collectibles and things to destroy ( example cameras from BAC )the story is good, the gameplay is gooduse the cape to glide from roof to roof or fight criminals down in the street as you complete missions to advance the story.combat upgraded from previous game , i think its better.the story telling is still just as good , but i personaly prefered the city from BAC.this game is set in christmas time , you will see lights and decorations.*First batcave in the arkham series*"
,Recommended,209000,20697654,"Posted: 23 January, 2016",all,Heav_y_Fun,Awesome game!Almost good as Arkham City.I look forward to play Arkham Knight as well.9/10 overall
76561198257441065,Recommended,209000,28750237,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,Time to get 1000 hours,deathstroke is pretty cool
,Recommended,209000,7498185,"Posted: 27 October, 2013",all,Shak,"I am a huge fan of the Arkham games, and even though this game comes from a different developer, I gotta say that this is a great game and a worthy addition to the Arkham franchise.Story:The story is absolutely fantastic.The game takes place about 5 years before Arkham Asylum.You play as a younger, less refined Batman trying to find and stop Black Mask who put a bounty of 50 million dollars on his head, which automatically attracts 8 of the most talented assassins in the DC universe such as Deathstroke, Deadshot and Bane.Even though the title says ""Arkham Origins"", it doesn't have anything to do with Arkham, and it's definitely not an origin story. In this game, Batman meets his ultimate adversary, The Joker, for the first time, and many other villains and allies as well.Gameplay:Despite the fact that this is not Rocksteady who developed the game, it shouldn't come as a surprise that the the gameplay is exactly the same as in Arkham City, simply because Rocksteady's work is remarkable and irreplaceable, and it should never be changed. There's a few new gadgets, and I have one minor complaint about the new Shock Gloves that I don't like the idea of because it's too overpowered. You are able to clear a room full of guys in matter of seconds with those. Good thing is, you get them pretty late in the game and they need to recharge. Aside from a few new types of enemies and the new gadgets, everything is the same, and that's good. You don't try to fix something if that's not broken.Visuals:The visuals are excellent, and are slightly better than Arkham City's.The game has a lot of bugs though, and some of them are extremely annoying and sometimes they will not let you continue in your mission. For example: I encountered a major frame rate bug near the end of the game, even though my computer was able to run the game on maximum settings smoothly. I eventually managed to fix it.Aside from that, the animations look great and fluid, except for the weird lip movement in dialogue scenes (not cinematic).Multiplayer:The multiplayer can be fun at times, but it's not polished.There are 3 teams, Joker's gang, Bane's gang and Batman and Robin. Both gangs are fighting each other while Batman and Robin need to take both gangs out.It has a lot of potential but it's not well executed.Still, it's always fun to play as Batman and do inverted takedowns on helpless victims.Summary:Definitely a great addition to the Arkham series like I said, WB Games Montreal did a great job with the writing on this game and the new Batman and Joker voices are a great replacement, especially Joker's which is portrayed by the famous Troy Baker.I give this game an 8/10, the things that really bugged me were the multiplayer and the great number of bugs, I wouldn't mind waiting a few more days and get a bug free game instead."
76561198168896436,Recommended,209000,23965994,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,RyShark28,ITS a really good game and im haveing tons of fun with it but it is a lot more violant then the last two games but its still amazing
,Recommended,209000,8617523,"Posted: 8 January, 2014",all,walpurgisnacht,"I have not played the previous two games in this line, so I cannot make a relative comparison to them, but here's a comparison of Batman: Arkham Origins to all the other games I've known before:1) It has elements of a fighting game, like Mortal Kombat, but is far more dimensional in many ways.  You actually feel like you're participating as a Batman in his various cartoon or action movie incarnations due to the fighting style of the avatar and his animations and the style in which his opponents are portrayed.  You take on groups of thugs constantly like a typical urban vigilante superhero, and the thugs react just like the comic books thugs should.  You gain more experience for being hit less and fighting with more sophisticated combo techniques, allowing you to upgrade faster if you play smarter.  The fighting learning curve is steep and most boss fights with the major supervillans will require retrys - but the game autosaves for you, so you just restart as much as you feel like, jumping right back in without having to press anything.2) It is also similar to games like Metal Gear and Tenchu: Stealth Assassin in the ability of your game Batman avatar to sneak up on people, giving rewards for being like the bat and taking down a whole encounter without even being seen.  You also get unlocks if you pull off archetypal bat-stunts like knocking a guy out from above or below, or by gliding in on your cape and kicking them.3) The cinematics when certain objectives are achieved include the typical hanging a guy upside-down by his leg as a mode of interrogation as an example of how they keep you interested in the 'quest' of the storyline.The storyline itself is early Batman, which I found a more appealing hook than the ideas behind the other two chapters: Arkham City, where they go all dystopia and exile crooks to a walled in area of Gotham seemed a bit jumping the shark for my taste in narrative integrity.  If you like comics and get off on playing a superhero icon such as Batman, you might like this game.  It's pretty true to form.  WB is a bit greedy with their offers of extra content, like costumes that you have to unlock even though you pay for them.  They don't tell you about the unlocking bit either, you find it out later.  That part is lame, but I bought the expansion material for extra playable content."
76561198107905500,Recommended,209000,9688463,"Posted: 31 March, 2014",all,Alechae,awesome game with awesome graphics and take down ll of the assassins sent to kill with awesome gadgets.one of the best games i have played really fun and cool. lets bring on the downfall of evil with batman
,Recommended,209000,7488288,"Posted: 26 October, 2013",all,Adipid,"A fairly good game, great story and lots of characters!Everything in the game felt very natural, because it's a Arkham game. Since Rocksteady didn't make this, it has it's ups and downs for me, there are some things that I miss and some that I can't really figure out. And there were A LOT of bugs... so BE AWARE.The combat was amazing as the two other Arkham games, it actually seemed that they tuned it a little bit, because it seemed faster and more efficient if you knew the controls.The story however was great, until the story ended, thats when I got really dissapointed. There are some scenes that they showed us in the first trailers of the game where you meet some fairly know characters, but the ones I'm talking about, you never meet them. But there was a major plot twist that I think most of Batman fans will enjoy.So if you're like me and love Batman AND the Arkham games, then you must check it out, if not you deciede if the game seems good(which it does)."
,Recommended,209000,7786482,"Posted: 27 November, 2013",all,Siduakal,"Batman is back!Some of the charm of the predecessors has been lost, we've lost Mark Hamill. We've also lost the only man to ever really voice Batman great.  That said, the replacement voice actors aren't too shabby and can grow on you once you move past the change.The real bummer is the change to the combat.  It's not BAD, per se.  Just not the beautiful rhythm and flow that made the previous Arkham games so amazing, as they got rid of that rhythm in favor of difficulty.  Which at times gets very frustrating.   There are also a few issues with it (Such as double counters sometimes not actually stopping the 2nd attacker from just nailing you as you do the animation), but they've been sorting those out with patches.That said, the story is fun.  It's great to be playing Batman during that early story arc, to have an epic duel with Deathstroke.  It's a good game, but it could have been great."
,Recommended,209000,8569286,"Posted: 5 January, 2014",all,igorkislyuk,"This is perfect game, i like it more than Arkham City, because has more interesting story and beatiful add-missions, furthermore i didin't tested the multiplayer, but think he's beutiful too."
,Not Recommended,209000,26608499,"Posted: 14 November, 2016",all,[45th}LordNeonKnight,"Broken MessIt has been less than a year since I have gotten Batman Arkham Origins, and with around 30 hours with the game I would have easily said that it was worth it. However in light of many performance and game breaking bugs both reported and personally experienced, I easily say that I would not recommend the game. It is evident that the publishers were not skilled enough in porting the damned thing. I was enjoying the game until around 25 hours or so when I began to notice bugs and glitches, notorious glitches on some of the levels. Whether I would be falling through the floor endlessly in an essential fight forcing you to literally make a new game, or charecter models would glitch and distort, It would always be something game breaking and irreversable causing you to roll back your saves just to ensure the game doesn't crash during something important. It is a glitchy broken mess no matter what settings I play on, whether or not Physx is enabled (which has problems in itself), or even when I switch from a very low end laptop to a mid range gaming desktop, the problems are consistent.Overall - The game is broken and there are no signs that the devs will ever come back to fix this broken mess.4/10It would have been a great game if only I was able to finish it.~LordNeonKnight"
76561198257097711,Recommended,209000,31372568,Posted: 26 April,all,ElegantGrandmaThatCanDevourU,"This game is absolutely worthy of having Arkham in it's title.In a few ways it even manages to out do certain elements in both of its predecessors.Many complain that this is the weakest in the bunch, but this is a great game.If you love the other Arkham games, pick this up.And if you want a good game that you can really sink your teeth into, then get this also."
,Recommended,209000,13476236,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,Lvchaos,"More of the same from Arkham City, which was OK for me. Yet."
,Recommended,209000,13293036,"Posted: 9 December, 2014",all,dyslexic dinosaur pussy,"A very well optimized game, which still has an awesome graphics. A complex system, awesome challanges, beautifull story and the multiplayer is really enjoyable."
,Recommended,209000,8668799,"Posted: 11 January, 2014",all,bread_ROLL,"Anyone playing the arkham series for the first time would be best served starting here, for those who have played both asylum and city, then you will know to expect an awsome action packed ride.First off, this is the latest game in the series but set before the others, focusing on showing batman at an early stage of his career, still a vigilante in the eyes of both the gotham citizens and the GCPD (gotham city police department)As far as the story telling goes, this game does it better than the previous 2, the extra focus put into cutscenes and detective mode bring the introduction of characters and events to life in a nolan quality way. Being early career we find batman at a pivotal time in his career, the city has just started to take notice of him as a force to be reckoned with and not just a passing fancy, as such the villains that occupy the batman universe and by extension, the DC universe are now set on taking him down before he foils any more plansand slaps more villains behind bars. The GCPD are also on the case to arrest the batman on site giving a good dynamic to certain missions as you progress.This game shines in showing the inner struggle Bruce Wayne/Batman faces in light of what his intentions have wrought upon the city he is protecting, alfred, his butler and dearest friend gets a great showcasing in this game as the moral compass trying to guide Bruce in the right direction before he becomes lost to his own obsession. Roger Craig Smith (who also voiced gaming favorites such as Ezio and Chris Redfield) provides exceptional voice work for batman and really drives emotional scenes home with his work.Gameplay wise the combat is slick and intuative, a great use of gadgets (most of which will be familiar to those who have played previous arkham games) with some fun new additions that really get their spotlight when you play on the harder difficulties. It feels fairly similar to arkham city but dont let that put you off, when it comes to gaming sequels a few brands could learn a thing or two from origins, it perfects what was already great and add's just enough to make it feel fresh and expanded without loosing the core values of the franchise/character for the sake of having a large budget. The main story moves along at a steady and enjoyable pace with plenty of side missions and random events throughout to keep you occupied inbetween.The only low to this game is the multiplayer which i have only dabbled in briefly. it pits teams of 3 against each other in a 'by the numbers' 3rd person team deathmatch. Think gears of war but without the polish. In the same TDM you also have 2 players as Batman and Robin. Anyone who played the superb MGO (Metal Gear Online) in its day will draw instant reference to the sneaking missions. The round ends when one team reaches a kill limit or Batman and Robin have taken out their set number of targets. Im not personaly a fan of tacked on MP mode's and this does nothing to alter my feelings towards the matter.Overall id recommend this game to any who enjoy a great action/adventure, you certainly get your moneys worth in the single player alone and if you have played the previous arkham games im shocked if you dont own it already!8/10 (Multiplayer was not needed)"
,Recommended,209000,23092746,"Posted: 19 May, 2016",all,Eljan,"*not quite arkham city, but definitely not arkham knight level brooding*"
,Recommended,209000,22860434,"Posted: 8 May, 2016",all,Hunter3901,wasn't the best (not even close) but it's still worth playing if you enjoy the arkham games
76561198046420773,Not Recommended,209000,9119006,"Posted: 15 February, 2014",all,döner_kebab,"Big fan of the series but the ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ bugs are making it unplayable. Things that worked fantastically in the last 2 games are now suddenly huge challenges. first it was the thing where whenever batman needs to do a ground takedown and even though ctrl+click indicator appears youll see batman do a little shoulder dance not attacking and eventually getting punched in the face. Not good for a game with combat dynamics relying solely on combos which makes it fun in thwe first place. Then there's the problem where not once could I do a take down while diving. Which takes a lot of the fun away, And last is when I logged in one day and left clicking the mouse to attack would only throw equipment, Is when I deleted the game with the 40 bucks remaining up my♥♥♥♥♥hole. I barely even got to make progress fix this♥♥♥♥♥"
,Recommended,209000,34198769,Posted: 12 August,all,T [HuN] Gergő,"Well it's deffenitely different than the other batman games, But it's still a good game. The combat and the movement a bit easier than the others, and the story a bit darker. A big point for me the sounds in the games. I just love'd it too i don't know why the others don't like it. Just not the same like the others but it worth it for me."
,Not Recommended,209000,9039018,"Posted: 9 February, 2014",all,Fartlek Spizzle,"Mediocre, buggy sequel to two great Batman games.  Just get City or Asylum instead and skip this turkey; whatever faults they had, their developers didn't skip on fixing game-killing bugs to push DLC!"
,Recommended,209000,9761130,"Posted: 8 April, 2014",all,Vegas,Not as good as arkham city But it's an interesting prequel.How did Batman & Joker meet ?8/10
,Recommended,209000,9683569,"Posted: 31 March, 2014",all,jimbobslimbob,"Another great Batman game. Much like Arkham City before it. It's really just more of the same, but that is not necessarily a bad thing. If you liked Arkham City and want more of the same, you will like this. If you were hoping for a little more than just ""more Arkham City"" then I would try before you buy.Jimbo Rating: 7/10"
,Not Recommended,209000,26497733,"Posted: 8 November, 2016",all,DR. STRANGELOVE,"I was really excited! I disregarded the bad reviews as kids with crappy specs. NOPE! It is very buggy. In the first 10 min:-Gliding glitched like I was somersaulting through the air-Killer Croc went invisible so much that I wanted to eject the cartridge and blow on it-Music kept cutting out in the climatic momentsAll in all, it fails to live up to its predecessors"
76561198343906106,Recommended,209000,35345562,Posted: 30 September,all,B ^ ッ,Underrated game.
,Recommended,209000,13645553,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,;;spluR 'new ',
,Not Recommended,209000,20050866,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,ShyGuyShayan,The Electrocutioner is too difficult of a boss battle. plz nerf
,Recommended,209000,27881732,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Sinergy997,7/10
,Recommended,209000,9705959,"Posted: 2 April, 2014",all,that's what she said,"Devs play it safe in terms of gameplay. But they bring the big guns when it came to story. I don't want to spoil anything, just effin' play it."
76561198099556138,Not Recommended,209000,33960864,Posted: 1 August,all,ZRemmington,"Dont know how a game with zero innovation can be worse then it's predecessor but somehow this mannaged to, so congratulations I guess"
,Not Recommended,209000,9670609,"Posted: 29 March, 2014",all,Quaffer,"-Asylum and City were amazing games.-This game is not.-Lots of bugs-Ruined combat mechanics-Can't grapple onto a lot of things which would seem like they are obviously grapple-able(no hablo engles)-Snow. Snow everywhere. In Arkham City you could see where you're going and every corner of the map was easy to recognize. The FOV in this game is horrible.****Rather than spending your money on this game, if you haven't bought Arkham City, then buy that because it is the best game in the series.****"
76561198135683758,Recommended,209000,19215627,"Posted: 22 November, 2015",all,Falusko,Very gooood game :D
,Recommended,209000,8256221,"Posted: 24 December, 2013",all,нeadwιpe,"4/5  SOLID!Don't ask me why,see it yourself by playing it.A great storyline with an awesome combat and a very big city full of criminals and you will kill them like a total BADASS with your bare hands or GADGETS!!!Just AWESOME"
76561198217991383,Recommended,209000,23673611,"Posted: 20 June, 2016",all,Mr. Handsome,"Overall, this game is great. Fun story, good graphics and cool gadgets. But, to be honest, it's a bit of a ripoff of Batman: Arkham City. Why? Glue grenade replaces freeze grenade, electrocution gloves replace the electrocution gun.The DLC's are pretty good.Buy if you are a batman fan and u don't care about what I said."
76561198161262629,Not Recommended,209000,25734676,"Posted: 27 September, 2016",all,Rayy PNW,"Game is okay. A lot of the core mechanics have been changed for the worse, counter attack doesn't seem to work 25% of the time for whatever reason, not to mention even high end machines have a hard time running this game with any of the setting set to DirectX 11. Really terrible port, okay game."
76561198012202397,Not Recommended,209000,30202496,Posted: 26 February,all,Finrod,"Don't buy this... Origin is known as the worse between the Batman Arkham, but with Origin I had a progression bug, I cannot finish my game...There is a little room, where you can access with the remote grapple, in the mission to localize Bane,  there is an Enimga dossier there. As the cable is there, you can get out of the room. But soon after that, I died in a combat, and the autosave function makes me appear in the room, but without the cable. And the item 8, the remote grapple gadget, won't work in this way...The least funny and the worst thing: progression  bugs... better replay Asylum or City. What a loss of time...Here a video of the bughttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dKPLUXqbCLUIf anyone knows how to get out it would be great"
76561198023385159,Recommended,209000,13361144,"Posted: 14 December, 2014",all,corpseguy,"While this was not the best received game, some calling it an over priced DLC...it is but in truth its worth it.More Batmanliness.More stories. More of the characters you love.. and a few i've never heard of and am not surprised either.but none the less. a worthy purchase."
,Not Recommended,209000,33680439,Posted: 20 July,all,Crazyi,"I am giving this a thumbs down because it is so uninspired I am not going to finish it. I loved the first two, but this is literally ArkCity copy and pasted. City layout is the same just retextured, all the gadgets are the same, all the animations are the same, the combat is the exact same minus one new mob type, and the story isn't compelling.  The story is totally linear so far, the puzzles are the exact same(well duh because you have no new gadgets), sneaking around is the same, and I have just hit a point I no longer care to play. Been here done that. Story is bleh and everything else is a repeat.This is by no means a ""bad game"", but It is a near carbon copy of ArkCity and I feel this was more about money than quality.  I am not looking for a brand new game, but at least something to make it fresh would of been nice."
,Recommended,209000,28414851,"Posted: 16 December, 2016",all,< blank >,"#Discussions_QuoteBlock_AuthorOverviewBatman: Arkham Origins is a prequel to both Arkham Asylum and City, and is good game, but does not live up to the examples set by either of them. It still perfectly portrays the feeling of being The Bat, however flaws in the gameplay and the somewhat derivative narrative hold it back from being another truly excellent Batman title. In order to convey my full perspective on Arkham Origins, I'll be going over its presentation, gameplay, and story, and then end with my overall final thoughts.#Discussions_QuoteBlock_AuthorPresentationWhen compared to the earlier titles in the series, there has been a small but noticeable change in the presentation. The visual design/feel has a slightly weaker ""Batman"" atmosphere than the previous two games, however the sheer graphical fidelity is better than ever. The dynamic lighting is beautiful, textures are sufficiently detailed, the models are as intricate as ever, and all visual effects (other than the fire effect) are gorgeous. The snowy weather (as it is Christmas Eve during the game) fits very well into the open world design of Gotham too, however the architecture of the city itself is not as well designed as it was in Arkham City, despite large chunks of the map being redesigns from that entry in the franchise. Next up is the soundscape, which is probably the biggest positive update to the presentation. All audio whether voice, ambiance, sound effects, or music is handled exceedingly well; especially the music, which always fits the situations Batman finds himself in. With regard to the performance though, I have to say everything is a little iffy. Short frame drops are common, bugs (none game breaking) will make an appearance every now and then too, but luckily I never had any crashes. The original release of Arkham Origins was plagued by performance issues, however most short-comings in this department seem to have been fixed by now, so anyone planning on playing the game shouldn't worry too much about the performance. All in all the presentation of Arkham Origins is above average in relation to most modern games, and is on par with previous games in the series.#Discussions_QuoteBlock_AuthorGameplayConsidering the gameplay is the most important aspect of any Batman game, I was a bit disappointed to find that nearly every change made in the gameplay was ill-advised. Starting off with the combat, most everything has been kept the same as it was in the other entries in the series so I won't go into detail on how it works, however there are some important to know overhauls to the system. Most noticeably is how huge combos are now infuriatingly easy to strike up, because Batman will literally break the laws of physics and slide across the ground a full 50 feet to punch an enemy if you're in the middle of a streak and a hostile happens to be that far away. While this was (kind of) an element in Asylum and City, it was kept to a believable distance for Batman, but in Origins it gets a bit ridiculous and comes off as lazy game design and a way to make combat easier. The only other change to the combat are some original gadgets, which do improve the gameplay. New items like the glue grenades, remote grapple, and shock gloves all come in handy throughout the game, adding some new elements to the gameplay that I'll allow you to explore yourself should you choose to play Origins. The freshest addition to the gameplay is by far the renovation of the detective system though, which now allows you to reconstruct the events of any crime scene you come across. While a cool gimmick, it does start to get repetitive at around your dozenth or so time of using the mechanic, but overall I'd say it was a good inclusion for the gameplay loop. Moving on, we now reach my biggest qualm with the gameplay, which is without a doubt the questing. While both Asylum and especially City found a way to make each side story/mission interesting to complete, Origins goes for the standard AAA open world treatment, meaning many versions of the same missions are set in different locations of the city, leading to repetitive and predictable quests. While they didn't go too overboard with copy-paste quests, it's upsetting to see this happen to a game that has done better in the past with this element. The return of the Riddlers’ puzzles also can't go without a quick mention, and this time were almost designed well enough to make me try to complete them all, but did eventually become too much of a hassle for me personally. All of this content tallies up to a slightly longer runtime than that of Arkham City's, offering ~18 hours of gameplay for most people who don't play the challenge maps. While I may have seemed a bit harsh as I talked about the gameplay, know that everything I didn't criticize is likely as good as it has always been, with many of the core mechanics still around the make the game fun to play.#Discussions_QuoteBlock_AuthorStoryThough not the origin story of Batman, Arkham Origins does, in a round-about fashion, tell the story of how the Arkham Project (i.e. Arkham Asylum and Arkham City) came to be. The plot begins on Christmas Eve around 2 years after Bruce Wayne first became The Bat, and marks an important night in the character development of Batman. Black Mask has just staged a prison break at Black Gate, and is instituting a purge of all the members of the police force and Gotham's elected officials that he had in his pocket due to his rich crime empire. Once you, as Batman, interfere with this prison break, it becomes apparent that Black Mask has it out for you, and sends several assassins, from Deadshot to Deathstroke, out to kill you with the promise of a 50 million dollar reward. This even leads to you being at odds with certain corrupt members of the police force, as Gordon has only just become commissioner, and these unsavory cops want to claim the reward for themselves. All of this climaxes at Batman's first encounter with one of his most evil adversaries, and how he deals with him afterwards. Now that the plot analysis is out of the way, let's get to my opinions. While the many villains and assassins are interesting, they are far less emotive than they have been in previous entries in the series. This is made up for by the increased focus on Bruce's relationship with Alfred though, which is handled brilliantly with some top notch writing, which produces some great moments. The same goes for the relationship between Gordon and Batman too, but to a lesser extent. In congregate the writing itself is decent, and maybe actually better than the writing in Asylum, but is still outmatched by the narrative of Arkham City. The ending is a satisfying one as well, and does a commendable job at setting the tone for the chronologically proceeding events in the series. Altogether the story of Arkham Origins is solid enough to stand up on its own two feet, but does have some perceptible faults.#Discussions_QuoteBlock_Authorinal ThoughtsFor all its flaws, Batman: Arkham Origins is still a game I'd recommend to any fan of the series. I wouldn’t as readily recommend someone plays Origins before the other Arkham games despite being chronologically first though, as it may start any new comers out on the wrong foot with the franchise. In the end, despite borrowing too much from the previous titles in the Arkham series and not innovating enough in its own right, Arkham Origins is just more of the Batman we all know and love, which isn't too bad a thing if you ask me."
,Not Recommended,209000,20163988,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,Special Agent Javier Peña,"This is where the Arkham series took a downturn. Many bugs, even 1+ year after release. I'd only recommend it while it's on sale."
76561198044908610,Recommended,209000,22812857,"Posted: 5 May, 2016",all,StormDjinn,Dark Knight Challenges are impossibly hard. Luckily everything else is great so overall it's worth it.
,Not Recommended,209000,20361487,"Posted: 6 January, 2016",all,ranknomoja,"Bad port, still a ton of bugs to this day. There's no ""Batman"" feeling, the controls are bad, the menus even worse, game is so bad compared to the first two. Don't buy unless you're a big Batman fan who's willing to overlook all the bad♥♥♥♥♥♥you find in this game."
,Not Recommended,209000,9780276,"Posted: 10 April, 2014",all,McPhail,"i'm quitting playing now because of a bug which destroyed my savegame. After all the patches the game still feels unfinished and rushed. i'm on 47%, beat the game and am now stuck in a falling animation on a black screen and can't do anything about it. now that's a s h i t t y ending.the story is pretendable if not non-existent, leveldesign and gamedesign feels lazy (collect this, destroy that) and if it wasn't a batman game, i wouldn't consider playing it. despite all that it was fun. definitely the weakest part of the series, but overall i wouldn't recommend it. rather buy arkham asylum instead."
,Recommended,209000,8398609,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,Weni Widi Wiki,Gameplay and storyline are great. NIce graphics.
,Recommended,209000,8441970,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,Indorion,"So, went into B:AO having finished both B:AC & B:AA, both of which I thought were pretty great. City was a masterpiece, a counterpoint of amazing design, story and combat. Origins; sadly not as much. So why am I recommending it? Well, it is really good, beautifully designed, intelligent, but you can’t help feeling that the game is pushing you down the path of one beat-em-up to the next. The scenes are amazing, but certain environments feel completely underused. The have fantastic atmosphere but the inane radio conversations with Alfred, who for some reason in the game is a master hacker, spy, and psychologist despite being 75 and a butler… none of the canon suggests otherwise.When Arkham City came out, it was what Assassins Creed 2 did for the original AC; built on a great idea and then took it somewhere better with the sequels (mostly.) The entire Assassins Creed series has been built on the idea of pushing the environment, the story and the combat styles. Now both AC and the Batman series have a lot in common in terms of gameplay, combat options etc. So why then did WB stop inventing when there was so much opportunity? The combat is IDENTICAL to Arkham City, very few additions have been made. For the first time, you feel Batman is underpowered in combat (until you get the gloves…) but even then, you feel anaemic in hand-to-hand as you hit some street thug for the 12th time and he still gets up for more?  The combo’s are still pretty cool, and the unlocks are decent too (although no clear guideline as to HOW you should develop you character or options of gameplay (Hint: upgrade ALL your physical combat abilities as quickly as possible in your first play through, you won’t be doing much else but forced button mashing for the majority of the game, right up to the end.)Spiderman 3 -proof you don’t need to cram in every super villain in a single story. So why do we have 15+ in this game? Is it because at the last minute, everyone agreed that there wasn’t enough story without it? And the combat with all but a few is more irritating than awesome. I REALLY didn’t enjoy most of the encounters, not because of the difficulty, but they just felt forced. Randomly, the game throws in another half-dozen “heavies” mid-boss fight who basically just get in the way. You spend a few minutes swatting them off you like flies before heading back to the main guy only to realise that 1 more well timed mini-game “press Y to counter” and he/she was toast?!?My other pet peeve in the game was the tiny combat spaces. This game is huge, wide open spaces, but you will spend most of the game in micro-combat arenas trying to put some space between yourself and the group of 17 henchmen, all WAY to close to really open up and deliver some serious combo blows. This is with the exception of the “bird” side mission run-up where you have 20+ encounters in nice, open spaces. It feels great until the final “bird” fight which is massively disappointing.Lastly, I have to mention the utility belt and amazing no-you-can’t-attach-there-right-now grapnel gun. Good game design dictates that you create natural feeling limitations and barriers to keep players in the sandbox environment you have created. And with good reason. It would suck to suddenly end up “IDSPSPOPD-ing” off the map. (That’s a Doom reference kids, ask you dad.) But why, when you are Batman, flying through the city and jumping from tower to tower does THAT tower suddenly not let you attach to the balcony, or that one, or that one?!?! What’s going on? Was it because the buildings are too high for the render, or is it because the developers through it would give an unfair advantage in tactical environments? NEWSFLASH – Batman punches people with sniper rifles and machine guns by the handful. The odds aren’t exactly stacked in his favour… Now I admit, in some scenarios, the limitations of the environment are necessary, but when one bridge strut allows you to power-grapple and the next one drops you on your♥♥♥♥♥ that’s poor design.I have read a couple of other reviews of this game and agree with a lot of them. You get the feeling the studio and the game developers simply ran out of time to polish it quite right before deadline and so shipped out a slightly buggy, almost masterpiece that is aching for better treatment. A sad and experience ruining oversight. Batman: Arkham Origins is primed for some genius to mod the ever-loving sh!t out of it into something better, if WB ever lets them…"
76561198007295003,Recommended,209000,9271056,"Posted: 26 February, 2014",all,Epic Mushroom,"Whilst I do not believe this game is quite as good Arkham City, I also believe that it has been severely underrated by most critics. If you want more of Arkham, and are willing to accept the difficulties that arise when one team of developers takes over from another, I'd say it was worth your money. It may not be Arkham City, but it is never the less both a damned good game and an experience worthy of the Arkham francise. The multiplayer is also a damned fine piece of work."
76561198028469716,Recommended,209000,8588958,"Posted: 6 January, 2014",all,^0D^2ea^0dDogM^2ea^0t,"This  is a series that delievers on all three outings.the batman arkah origins is an incredible edition to an already exellent franchise. with nothing but improvments on an already game and an amazing add on to a stong existing story ""Origins"" is a most if you've played Asylum and/or City."
76561197999021051,Recommended,209000,8705342,"Posted: 14 January, 2014",all,aaron.themongoose,"The Batman Arkham series has been epic!  I was highly anticipating this game before it came out and hyped myself up for it.  I was a bit let down when they changed game studios for production of the game and rightly so.  The first two games were soo well polished that I would play through them multiple times always finding new easter eggs and still enjoying the content.Playing through this game once was enough and I have been let down.  It isn't a terrible game it just lacks the quality that I came to expect from the first two.  I can only recommend you buy this game on sale for say $29.99 or so... I wouldn't want to have spent any more on that and know that you won't like it as much as the others, if you've played them, but it is worth a play through.Pros:-Very Large World like... 4 times the size of Arkham City-Tons of side quests that could keep you busy to add longevity to the game play-More characters to play as in challenge missions-PvP option-Duna nu na nu na nu na nu na na nu na nu na Bat Cave!Cons:-Story isn't that good-Batman never seems to be in ultimate danger like in other games in the series-No real changes to the combat system which was always a bit bland-World is big.. but sometimes too big and travel between zones is time consuming-Not impressed with the design of the map... I never felt compelled to stop and take a look around at the beauty in the design of gotham-Serious bugs on game day launch including multiple game breakers... should be all fixed now though"
,Recommended,209000,15691631,"Posted: 4 May, 2015",all,Rielious,5 Stars!!!!
,Recommended,209000,22290863,"Posted: 7 April, 2016",all,eetfukouijaaa,"I've played all the Arkham games and Origins is  probably my favourite entry in the Arkham series. Set as a precursor to the Arkham series, it tells Batman's beginnings as the Dark Knight and his initial struggles of vigilantism.I often feel a distinct lack of a satisfying boss battle in all the Rocksteady developed Arkham games. Arkham Origins is about Black Mask setting a bounty on Batman's head, it might seem a bit of an overload to cram in 8 villains into this game, that's what I though, but man did Splash Damage pull it off. Its a one-on-one showdown between the Bat and the villains. Each villain plays differently and beautifully. The boss fight with Deathstroke is one of my favourite moments in the Arkham series.Regarding DLC, only the one featuring Mr Freeze is worth a purchase."
76561198002238348,Not Recommended,209000,8273085,"Posted: 25 December, 2013",all,Windchill,"Excellent gameplay. Excellent graphics. Good story.However, I still DO NOT recommend this game. The reason? Bugs.It's an excellent game, but only when it works. If you get it to work, you might still run into a bug that prevents you from progressing any further. And even if you are lucky enough to never run into such bugs, you might still get save corruptions. This game uses the same autosave system that were used in Batman Arkham Asylum and Arkham City. It will automatically save your progress, but it doesn't keep a backup. So if something should go wrong while it's saving, your save files are ruined. And that, trust me, is not fun.Just like Batman: AA and Batman: AC, the excellent gameplay was completely overshadowed by the bugs. Do not buy this game."
76561198042772567,Recommended,209000,8123898,"Posted: 19 December, 2013",all,Teen Wolf,"Seriously recomend this third installment in the Arkham series. Aside from the few bugs, the story is great. Only downside is that only half of the 8 villians are important to the actual plot."
,Recommended,209000,9493378,"Posted: 15 March, 2014",all,Force of Nature,"good game, kinda is like arkham city but you no its batman its amazing just has glitches but since the two patches the glitches are minimal and are bearable"
,Recommended,209000,12492053,"Posted: 14 October, 2014",all,Rothschild,"okay, i dont know why meta score put low score on this series compared the other arkham series, but i think this is the best arkham series now. the gameplay, the gadgets, all things changed!"
76561198031012411,Not Recommended,209000,10852727,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,Ancel De Lambert,"Not worth the money at any price. Buy Asylum, or, if you're really bored, City. Better writing, gameplay, art, and voice acting."
76561198052666196,Recommended,209000,8159227,"Posted: 20 December, 2013",all,Wyvern Radamanthys,mucho chingon
,Recommended,209000,24219791,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,Xaeron,Batman shouted at alfred lol10/10 would shout at alfred again
76561198164598810,Recommended,209000,22278467,"Posted: 6 April, 2016",all,rutsyla,I love this game. I think its the worst one in the series but its still a fantastic game. I love the batman arkham franchise and I wish they would make more games but I think arkham knight will be the last in the series. I love it so much I bought the Cold Cold Heart dlc to put 50 minutes for in this game. I 100 percented this game in 16 hours and i had some fantastic side misions to do which is one more hour and this game has some bugs ans glitches. The Riddler data packs and riddler towers are very fun to get. I highly recomend this game. The best side mission though was the one the only mad hatter dream mission i loved it and you should too. It kinda sucked that black mask wasnt the main character and it was the joker again but that was alright. This has fantastic boss battles like the Deathstroke one!!!!
76561198064755775,Recommended,209000,24760192,"Posted: 7 August, 2016",all,:Q #Back for 2 days,:)
76561197972684681,Not Recommended,209000,10008182,"Posted: 3 May, 2014",all,sean.grady,"The first part of the game was pretty linear compared to Arkham city and it took a bit for the game to get interesting.  The Joker is really well done and there fun to be had.  The thing that killed it for me was a level with dead eye.  The level starts with guys heading toward you, but it immediately switches to a zoom mode and takes away control.  Then the keyboard bindings kept getting reset changing my stealth to zoom and my punch to throwing grenades.  I get that under control and then there's a hostage situation about 10-15 minutes in that just ends the mission.  This mission was so frustrating and poorly designed I wanted to smash things and quit the game right there."
,Not Recommended,209000,9491289,"Posted: 15 March, 2014",all,Pancake_Hunter,Voice acting is as good as a cat's pur - the Joker is the alpha cat. However! Boss fights involved flinging meat with a series of buttons. No like.
,Not Recommended,209000,8134713,"Posted: 19 December, 2013",all,MasterTheHero,"Batman: Arkham Origins for the PC was my first taste in disappointment with a Batman game. The irony is, I love to play it, but I also hate it as well. And the reason I hate it, is because the developers were clearly composed of amateurs.Now let's get a few things straight, though Rocksteady wasn't perfect, when it came to game design, they knocked it out of the park.And boy can you tell the difference between the veterans and the rookies. The biggest flaw in Batman Arkham Origins is not that the game isn't fun or that the characters aren't interesting. It's that the developer made some bone-headed game design decisions which are so infuriating, it makes you want to throw the game out of the window. It's just terrible and frustrating to play. So let's dig in shall we?- On the PC version, there was a game breaking bug where Batman wouldn't climb the air conditioning vent. Although this is now fixed, it took at least two weeks for a GAME BREAKING glitch to be fixed. This is a bug that should have never passed QA and is something that obviously didn't show up on consoles, or people would have been furious. I literally had to stop playing the game until the patch came out, because I refused to come up with some bizzaro way of completing an objective when the game wasn't working as intended.As of the time of this writing, the game still glitches out after the Deathstroke encounter. Basically the doors to the level WILL NOT OPEN unless you restart from a check point.Amateur.- The combat is not nearly as responsive as it was in Arkham City and Asylum. Sure it works. But too many times do thugs slide across the floor to punch you and break your combo. Yes, slide, literally slide without moving their legs. Batman can also end up doing stupid things like blocking when you meant to do a ground take down. I never had this issue in the previous Batman games, but this one definitely has a few rough spots.- Someone at WB Montreal thought it was a good idea to have a portion of the city that had respawning snipers heavily covering a certain radio tower. This normally wouldn't be a problem, except that when you're collecting Riddler Data Packs (i.e. trophies) you have to venture into that area. Without a doubt, if you don't take out those snipers, you will get shot. Well, it gets a little tiring to have to take out those snipers over and over everytime you change maps. So some days you feel a little lazy, and that laziness gets you shot to death. Terrible placement of the AI enemies, a complete rookie mistake.- Collecting data packs is now more annoying than ever. In Arkham City there was just too many to collect. In Arkham Origins? It's boring, mind numbingly boring. Why? Because you will see certain data packs locked in levels where you need a specific bat gadget to get it. So when you finally do get the gadget, guess what? You have to travel through the ENTIRE MAP without ANY ENEMIES just to collect one measly data pack you left behind. Oh, and there ain't no fast travel out of the map. So you have to RUN ALL THE WAY BACK in order to exit the level.Who thought this was fun? In Arkham City and Asylum, any back tracking you did could be done quickly and painlessly. But no one wants to run around a HUGE level just to grab a trophy and then run all the way back out without opposite. That's just stupid!Again, poor game design decisions on the part of the developer.- Were you planning on completing the WORST NIGHTMARE challenge for Batman? Well guess what, you can only do it in story mode. That's right, all 15 of those ranks need to be achieved in story mode. Instead of, oh... I don't know, THE CHALLENGE MAPS that come with the game. I understand the original intention, it's to give you an excuse to play New Game+ and I am the night mode. But the problem is that the challenges ARE NOT EASY. Doing predator rooms without detective mode or executing 4 different take downs is not always available!So you could be in a predator challenge room, but if there's no railing, or no gargoyle, or no whatever you need for a take down. That's one less opportunity you get to complete the Worst Nightmare tree.But one of the biggest offenses this game commits, is that everything is recycled. Arkham Origins is like playing a mod for Arkham City. A retexture here, a mesh change there, and a change to the game rules. What do I mean by that? In AA, AC, Batman could punch through boarded windows. In AO, he can only open them with explosives. BUT WAIT! If for some reason you can use the remote hook (line gun) and batman charges into it with the zipline. He could BREAK THOSE SAME BOARDS without an explosive.HOW DOES THAT MAKE ANY GOTTDANG SENSE!?Everything is just a dang retexture from the previous game! Glue grenade? Just a freeze grenade with an ugly mesh. There's really no new gadgets, they're all the same and, AND... for some reason Batman can't grapple to the highest buildings and bridges. WHY? There's no consistency in following the game rules!The multiplayer is a vacant wasteland. Though the game mode isn't perfect, it is fun to play, but no one wants to play it.Why you ask? Because it takes FOREVER to find another play to play with. Then when you do find a player, it takes FOREVER for the map to load. Okay, so let's say you load into the map? Oh no! Someone disconnected, migrating lobby, and re-load the long♥♥♥♥♥load time again.It takes so long to find a match in Batman that I literally alt tab out of the game, browse the internet, write, do other things, and then check in to see if the game has loaded.Also, the controls for Batman and Robin are not the same as they are in singleplayer. So when you're perched on top of a gargoyle and you press right click to AIM the batarang. Guess what? Batman is going to throw it instead! In fact, right click automatically makes him throw his batarangs when you meant to do silent take down or ground take down in multi.If you're starting off with the starter weapon? Ooh, sucks to be you. The starter weapons are garbage for the gangs and the only way to be truly viable in multiplayer is to have an assault rifle. Poor balance choices makes me wonder why people would pick other weapons besides the assault rifle?Some gadgets can kill in one hit and the heroes feel much weaker against the gang villains. You go from fearsome night avenger to, ""Let's scare these gangs so they don't fight anymore!"" It's utterly pathetic.Overall, the Batman game is fun to play, but it's also frustrating too. It's buggy, amateur, and horribly recycled. If you're thinking about picking this one up, wait until it goes on sale."
,Not Recommended,209000,8077106,"Posted: 17 December, 2013",all,feddark,"A half year has left, but the game crashes at start. any official updates and patches has not fixed the issue. ""just disable directX-11 in cfg file"" that answer I got from WB support. No thank you, I need money back."
,Recommended,209000,7878122,"Posted: 2 December, 2013",all,Paul Blart,"Such a great game. Story is amazing, definitely lives up to the Rocksteady Arkham legend. 'so many hours can be made'"
,Recommended,209000,7644060,"Posted: 12 November, 2013",all,✪ pwn,"It was a great series, and still is, but this game did not live up to standards, Rockstedy needs to help this franchise climb back to the top, I'm dissapointed on how lifeless the city is, the storyline is a amazing and thats why I'm still playing it. Good try WB, but Batman is not you're game, I recommeded buying the game at a discounted price for muitlple and obvious reasons."
,Recommended,209000,14805516,"Posted: 9 March, 2015",all,B Lay Up,"Batman Arkham Origins was enjoyable when I really set my mind to it, most say Asylum and City are better and I am yet to try them. As it suggests it is the origins of the villains and it is very cool to see them."
,Recommended,209000,16151943,"Posted: 3 June, 2015",all,VERSAT1L,"10/10Hands down my favorite Batman Arkham installation. Non-Batman fans would prefer Arkham City, but core Batman fans would prefer Arkham Origins.This is a must have Batman simulator for any Batman fans out there."
,Recommended,209000,22163213,"Posted: 31 March, 2016",all,=|ProHammers|=,"I found this game to be really fun to be honest.Sure, it has its own flaws, and some of its boss fights were pretty disappointing (I'm looking at you Deathstroke), but it had a somewhat interesting plot line which would keep you interested throughout its entire campaign. It also has a bunch of fun side quests lying around here and there. But yeah, this is something i really wouldn't recommend you would buy at Full price.Just pick it up during sale were it drop downs to about 5$.Overall, IMO, this game is a 7/10"
,Recommended,209000,9367416,"Posted: 6 March, 2014",all,Deygus,Game is great and all and I love the Multiplayer but in all honesty the first two were much better storywise plus rocksteady just made an overall better game. The models in this game are okay but I really hate how horrible they made the Joker look where as in the first two he was cool looking and in this one his 3d model just looks like a two year old designed it. I'm really happy to see that there is another one coming out and that it's back in the hands of Rocksteady whom made the first two games. The only reason I would like or recommend this game is only because of the awesome multiplayer fun it has but other then that it's just not worth it.
,Recommended,209000,9301701,"Posted: 1 March, 2014",all,knighttraviis,"The game has a few bugs, but I honestly enjoyed it more than Arkham City. The main and only reason I really say this is because the games story is much better paced than Arkham City. There's a reason why all the villains you run into and fight are in Origins, not just there because they can be or to make a one very brief cameo. Gameplay wise it's the same as City for the most part, even a good amount of gadgets are the same, but I still enjoyed using them and the few new ones. Highly recommended and a great game in an already fun and highly rated series."
,Recommended,209000,14474438,"Posted: 14 February, 2015",all,BurgerDude,I really love these games.
,Recommended,209000,9092090,"Posted: 13 February, 2014",all,CatchMeInVents,really powerfull combat system in this game if you liked the older games than this is for you :) its kinda the same just different story and a little updated
76561198213572785,Recommended,209000,25683874,"Posted: 24 September, 2016",all,tornadobeast07,Love it if your a batman fan you as hold play this
,Recommended,209000,8188290,"Posted: 21 December, 2013",all,SpadeTight,Worth the buy!!!!
,Recommended,209000,8173861,"Posted: 21 December, 2013",all,MCGregor,"If you liked the two previous games you are going to love this one, a lot more freedom to roam around and the combat system feels great and extremely satisfactory."
76561198076574021,Recommended,209000,7496212,"Posted: 27 October, 2013",all,Iimonster297,"Batman Arkham Origins ReviewStory Contains spoilersWell, we got use to Every Batman story. Every Batman story Talks about Joker until we Reached at Batman arkham city:) Batman AC was the last Joker story! THE FOLLOWING BRAKET CONTAINS SPOILERS DONT READ IT! (Batman AC last mission was to kill joker)Batman AO story is about before Joker story :)  The story is Some rumors came out nobody is called Batman:) Nobody believes there is Batman:) Batman man is trying to find Black mask.GameplayGameplay is same as Batman AC, No changes:( The same game but it level went Very deeply down:(  Every one was excited with Batman AO:) unfortunately The same game! i should call it a DLC not a game:( If you got Batman AC so no need to by this:( Wanna Waste your money? SO BUY IT:) Batman AO wasn't perdicted to be shame on Warner Bros. Interactive:( Nothing to move Forward They just moved deeply very backward.GraphicsThe Graphics is same as Batman AC but with a bit of improvement, Graphics is for Next gen not this gen:( Even my settings was on 1280x720:( it required Very high settings:) This is the best thing on this game! You expect it as a movie not as a game!SoundsHmmmm......this is very Awaful!!!!!!!!! Sounds is the worst thing in this game:( you can't hear it well! technical problems with sounds:( Sometimes The sounds get a bit late on time:( Example: If you kick some guy it must apply the sounds immediately:( But this is late for 1 or 2 secs:( This is not the sounds you were expectin"" it:( Warner Bros.Interactive always get use to use sounds and they always Innovate on sounds:) But I wanna say this is not Batman sounds:(This is the worst thing i've ever seen before:(MusicSounds usually is related to the music in most games. Batman arkham origns sounds doesn't have any relationship with it!!!!!! Like i sed sounds is very awful this is amazing:)This has incredible soundtrack:) Much Better than sounds:) (I love it). This is something Very predictable on Batman series:) That every Batman had incredible sounds:) Nothing is better than Batman Arkham Origins Soundtrack:)The VerdictUnfortunately........The same Game the same gameplay the same graphics....................This should have been a DLC not a game:( This is never never never never never Batman:( This is not the game that we have been waiting for it for long ago DISAPPOINTINGStory: 6.5/10Gameplay: 2/10Graphics: 9/10Sounds: 1.5/10Music: 9.5/10+ Positives+Incredible soundstrack and music+at least Good story from the first quarter- Negatives-Repeating combats-Repeative Puzzles-Empty world-Bad stealth mod-Boring Multiplayer-Inconsistent design as stealthing-Lack on new idea's-Many technical problems-Inconsistent sounds-Bad story after the first quarter-Can't miss Joker elements-Batman at this time is very cold-No changes-Very easy puzzles-Hacking is very repeative-Nothing to move forward-Boring crimes-No Innovate on gameplay-Its very far from realisticDon't call it Batman its evern worst than deadpool beyond and call of duty:( My Batman arkham city rate is 9.7/10 but this3.2/10 Awfulhttp://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9k3hi3oGq6AGames are similar to it: Assassin creed series,Hitman"
,Recommended,209000,7551222,"Posted: 2 November, 2013",all,GrD« Sabu™,This game rocks from start to finish. It really was one of the best story lines of all three. Also it is great how the combined the story telling of asylum with the gritty fighting of city. The only thing that bored me was the Riddler challenges. They were way easy on this one. All in all I say if on sale deff grab it and if not on sale and you have the money deff grab it. gets a 9/10 stars from me!
,Recommended,209000,7737969,"Posted: 25 November, 2013",all,sawtooth13,"this game is just amazing and the graphics blew my mind, the multiplayer is great and so is the story itself, but what really left me sitting at the edge of my seat was that small clip you hear at the rolling of the credits, it left me so confused i had to find out more about the batman universe. There were a couple of glitches here and there but definatly something to overlook as the game makes up for it by....well i guess just being f***ing awsome.All in all i'd have to give it a 9.5/10"
,Recommended,209000,7752903,"Posted: 25 November, 2013",all,CYASpaceCowboy,"If you like the previously Arkham games you'll find more of what you love in this game.  The single player campaign was good, but the multiplayer was pretty boring.  If you are new to the series, play Arkham Asylum and Arkham City first.  They are better than this game, but this game is still better than most action games on the market. 8/10"
76561198023018535,Recommended,209000,7812783,"Posted: 28 November, 2013",all,Nico,"Best Arkham game yet. Do not believe on haters. This game offers deep storytelling, advanced stage design, and even better combat mechanics. Multiplayer is a fresh take to the series. Even if you are not a huge batman fan like me, you should still try it!"
76561198072492183,Recommended,209000,7879563,"Posted: 2 December, 2013",all,isidrengen,i
76561197971418378,Recommended,209000,7896963,"Posted: 3 December, 2013",all,'n crangul iadului,The game achieves perfection in its genre.
76561197989634859,Recommended,209000,8124689,"Posted: 19 December, 2013",all,steelvp82,Great game and a must have for all Batman fans
,Recommended,209000,8127326,"Posted: 19 December, 2013",all,The B I G B O Y,"So awesome, you don't even know."
76561198138160110,Recommended,209000,15958593,"Posted: 22 May, 2015",all,moneybaggys,love this game so far. Not really for the single player but more for the multiplayer.
,Recommended,209000,17023526,"Posted: 13 July, 2015",all,Max Kawasaki,"Great game, and hours of fun, much like its predecessor in many ways, for example the combat system which is good because you don't have to remember a whole new list of controls. There is many side quests and other stories like the Riddler to keep you entertained.Only Con would be that there might be a few too many side quest of the sort, other than that another great game, worth the buy."
,Recommended,209000,26266333,"Posted: 28 October, 2016",all,RaytedAwesome,Good batman game although not my favourite this game has some amazing cutscenes and the combat is awesome.id say this game is worth the £3 price i picked it up for during the xmas sale and worth a try8/10
,Recommended,209000,31215025,Posted: 18 April,all,Adam Justice,"Did not enjoy this as much as the other Batman Arkham Story Arc games. It felt like I already knew and played the story. But, it's still a Batman game, so of course it's good."
,Recommended,209000,24750587,"Posted: 6 August, 2016",all,Marx Weber,"You don't even have to be into the Batman universe to understand and appreciate this game, the story is smoothly presented and the action is well-dosed, and oh trust me, when it's time to kick some♥♥♥♥♥Batman will be there. Because he's Batman, obviously.10/10 game for me, seriously"
76561198271938813,Recommended,209000,26306173,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,Wang Bang Bung Chung,This game is awesome. The graphics are good. The story line is nice. Not to mention it runs really well on windows 10. I highly recommend people try the game.
,Recommended,209000,12239728,"Posted: 25 September, 2014",all,The Ultimate Potato,"Arkham City was better by a long shot, but Origins is still a lot of fun. Don't believe the bad publicity, this game might even be better than Arkham Asylum."
,Recommended,209000,10855243,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,Beast,nice third person game...
,Recommended,209000,7895943,"Posted: 3 December, 2013",all,TheXperia,"Best batman stories ever !maybe the score on the internet is low but my score is 9/10-great stories as always-great graphic-new villain-big open world-Multiplayerminus-same gadget with lilttle bit improved , some new gadget (1-3 maybe)"
,Not Recommended,209000,33325715,Posted: 6 July,all,Jiven,This game is an exercice in frustration: good bosses but bad gameplay (compared to Arkham City) ; good ambiance but bad level design ; great writing and story but annoying bits and odds.Play the other Batman Arkham.
76561198144989599,Recommended,209000,31414712,Posted: 28 April,all,HomeBoy,"Same like all past parts, story line, game play, graph. all are perfect... GG"
76561197971732287,Recommended,209000,9032684,"Posted: 9 February, 2014",all,TGA,"Good game, too bad it's not as good as Arkham City or Arkham Asylum. Looking forward to a new and improved Batman game!"
,Recommended,209000,9004083,"Posted: 7 February, 2014",all,Stealthephant,"I'll start off by saying, This game gets -far- too much flak. Is it as good as City or Asylum? No. Is it a step down for the series? Yes. Is it a step back? No. It's not, but it's not a step forward either. The game is essentially Arkham City all over again, the same combat mechanics, and a few gadgets that can make things insanely simple. Notably, the Remote Claw, which allows you to hang thugs up from the rafters, at range.Did it have a horribly glitchy release? Definitely. And there's no excuse for that, patches or not. The bugs should've been ironed out. I myself, was lucky enough to not encounter any on my first playthrough. The mechanics are much the same as City, though it's a common complaint that thugs can hit you, even if you're countering someone else. As I would politely put it, ""Well... yeah?""It's not a new thing. It happens in City. You try countering someone, and expecting it to stop the path of a giant hammer in City, see what happens. Takedowns are a different story in both games, but it leads me to my greatest issue with Origins. The Dark Knight System. As you play the game, you will be continually graded on your performace, complete with marks, and awarded EXP accordingly. However, the Dark Knight System seems to reward grandstanding more than efficentcy.The Combat -is- somewhat harder, enemies are faster, and will corner you, and attempt to dogpile you with a flurry of hits, if you don't think tactically. Origins is the first Arkham Game where i've actively started using Gadgets in combat, from a few quick batarangs to a glue grenade or my standard Batclaw.The new Batman voice seems.. fitting, though it's jarring to not have Conroy at the helm. This younger Batman is meant to be more aggressive, and he definitely sounds it. On the other end of the spectrum, Joker is -close- to hamill's voice, but it's different enough to seem -very- off. Joker always seems like he's rehearsed his lines, and while it's true for the voice actor, it's something Hamill never dealt with. Joker's voice and actions, always seemed to be completely in tune.The boss battles are an improvement over City, a couple of them can be nightmarishly hard on Hard New Game +, for example, Copperhead. A common complaint is that the boss Deathstroke is too difficult. After careful examination of the fight, i've managed to deduce why people claim this. They're too busy looking for a Win button. Deathstroke is -insanely- simple, on any and every difficulty. I got the achievement for beating him without a scratch on Hard New Game +, and i'd of gotten it on hard, if I hadn't been having a conversation while I played.The game is harder, slightly. The story however... for me, is a disappointment. It felt as though they were -afraid- to change anything up, and after a particular point in the game, to do with a bank, I was left annoyed at the story. The Deathstroke DLC is quite fun, Deathstroke himself handles well, and hits hard. It's fun to play, and makes me wish for a Deathstroke game.This game isn't City, or Asylum. It's the worst of the franchise. But when a franchise is -this- good overall, even the least of it, is pretty damn good. If you beat City, and wished it was longer, or just wanted another story with the same general mechanics, this is for you. It's not big on innovation, but not all games need to be. We'll get that from Rocksteady. If you're not a fan, i'd either go back to Asylum and City, or wait for Rocksteady to release their next."
,Recommended,209000,13846676,"Posted: 5 January, 2015",all,Darkstroke,"Of course, lots of hate goes for Origins because of its bad story. Look at the ""fight"" with the Electrocutioner!They are right, of course, but it's still a great game. And it has multiplayer!"
76561198142143599,Recommended,209000,11629240,"Posted: 10 August, 2014",all,FallenWingz,Its the god damn Batman !
,Recommended,209000,7762538,"Posted: 26 November, 2013",all,Suddenly,"Cool game, but it doesn`t so good as Batman: Arhman City."
,Recommended,209000,11086005,"Posted: 5 July, 2014",all,monkaOMEGA,"I found a bug on the objective which is ''you need to go to the Steer Mill to find the Joker''. In that objective you need a security code to open the door. Batman says: ''I need a security code to open the door''. I found the code, I finished the objective but Batman doesn't stop saying that. That's a little bit funny but it's a bug, I hope you fix that. Thanks for this amazing game."
,Recommended,209000,16832225,"Posted: 1 July, 2015",all,THE GM™,guy: why the gameplay is good?BatMan: BECAUSE IM BATMAN!!!guy: why the story is good?BatMan: BECAUSE IM BATMAN!!!guy: why its 10 outa 10 IGN?BatMan: BECAUSE IM BATMAN!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
76561198189374046,Recommended,209000,16740837,"Posted: 27 June, 2015",all,✪ Artemis,its cool games and very recommended for you who like superhero games!its very cool!cool!cool!So Cool:)
,Recommended,209000,12177524,"Posted: 21 September, 2014",all,adLer,"Игра хорошая!Понравились крутые элементы криминалистики особенно.Раследование дела происходит очень круто.Из минусов:не продуманное стелс прохождение,боёвка немного корявая.Сюжет 6/10.Всё слишком затянуто.Концовка хорошая.Не проверял сетевую игру,но порт плохой.10 минут ждал пока лобби соберётся,но по обучалке онлайн выглядит прикольно."
,Recommended,209000,18177595,"Posted: 24 September, 2015",all,B3AST,This game is awesome you need to buy it NOW !
,Recommended,209000,16996336,"Posted: 11 July, 2015",all,[BLS] Krush,"This game is amazing for those who like Batman games. It has a great story, one which is different from the other 3 Batman games but similar to each other in combat and voice actors. It has a story where Batman doesn't even know the Joker up until the near end. Some parts of it can be difficult, but it took me 6.6 hours to finish the whole game. I enjoyed every minute of this game and I will surely start a new game or even play the online mode. Once, I got stuck in my room because the lock got broken(not stating why :P) and I was stuck in my room for an hour. I didn't even care since I was playing this game the whole time. The only part of the game that was really scary was the last boss fight against Bane when he was Hulk 2.0. That part itself was so scary and the music was just making it worse. Everytime Bane saw me and ran towards me with his huge body, I literally couldn't think of doing anything. Took me 20-30 mins to man up and beat him thought. The other boss fights weren't as scary or difficult, but I hated the parts that were like: defuse 4 bombs, rescue hostages, defeat Firefly. Those parts were just annoying, but not bad.10/10 Would totally get stuck in a room again to play this game."
,Recommended,209000,17822665,"Posted: 31 August, 2015",all,RogueD1(BlackSnow),Batman Arkham Origins İlk Çıktıgında Heyecanlanmıştım Ama Bı Sıkıntı Vardı Oyun Niye Batmanın Gençligini Anlatıyo Ve Niye Oyunun İsmi Arkham Düşündürücü Aslında Cevabı Biliyoruz Warner Bros Batman Arkham Knight Çıkasaya Kadar Araya Bi Oyun Sıkıştıralım Demiş Ve Bu Çıkmış Ama Yapıcak Bişey Yok Oyunu Oynadım Ve Oyun Güzel Bekledigim Kadar Kötü Degildi AAma Bi Sıkıntı Vardı Oyun Eglenceli Degildi Neyse Ben Size Neler Eksik Ve Neleri Güzel Onu Söyleyim;Artılar(+)+Batman Oyunu+Çokta Büyük Olmasada Open World+Boss Fightlar+Online ModEksiler(-)-Glide Yaparker Oluşan Buglar-Yeni Gelen Olanları Görme Olayı (Arkham Cityde Yoktu)-Saçma Bi Hikaye :(Puan:75/100
76561198127006192,Recommended,209000,10983727,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,Noob doom,"This game is an example for what people can do to continue a series in a good way. Extended maps, great controls (same ones by the way) and cool story."
,Recommended,209000,26540004,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,MeZ,You didnt know the story of batman....no problemo this game will tell you all you need to know plus the Graphics are wayy better than the previous game...love it
,Recommended,209000,26370584,"Posted: 2 November, 2016",all,CrabApples,"Even after all the downsides of this game, this is still my favorite arkham game even after arkham knight came out"
76561198129700448,Recommended,209000,26433572,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,Tantarboy,"Forget what they say about this game. Most of the bugs are fixed.The only that still exist is:Gliding makes batman go up and down (just dive for a sec and it stops).Baddies sometimes have some trouble with stairs.There is a REALLY SMALL chance that the floor won't load (only on the exterior territories) just load the last saved point it   will be instantly fixed. (you will lose one minute of your life).Also i have seen some (with low play time) complain that the game stops to load each territory if you glide through the map quickly. This will happen only once or twice the first time you ever get to those locations. Just endure it.Now back to the game itself.I gotta say (unlike others) this must be the best Batman game till now.The biggest Pros are:Boss fights feel like Boss fights. In the other arkham games most of them needed one or 2 tries and felt insignificant.Not in Origins, they feel strong , they feel badass and definitely pack a punch. (on Hard at least).Most epic cinematics.The combat is reaaally better. Plus the Shock gloves are epic.There are many new ways to take-down in Stealth which is so immersive. You feel like a true predator.There is a mini-quest list, which awards you for utilising more complex tools or for getting better with either experience (for awesome upgrades) or with some upgrades themselves.The story may seem a bit dull at first but seeing how age affects every villain and Batman (if you compare them to the other Arkham games) and how some came to be the ones we know is just amazing. (Probably cause i'm a sucker for origins :X)Not to mention how i haven't yet finished the main game with 18+ hours (haven't even touched the Dr.Freeze dlc yet).Also the side-quests introduce more villains and or inform you about how Batman got his friendly relationship with Barbara etc. (And there are more than the other Batman games).TL:DR I harshly exceed the minimum requirements but this hasn't stopped me for loving the game which shows a lot."
,Recommended,209000,27036286,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Actual Luke Skywalker,If you haven't picked up this game yet do it. Owning the batman games is a no brainer
76561198100140451,Recommended,209000,28583377,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,i@m@n!ck3R,"I've seen gameplays of other arkham games and imo this has the BEST storyline by far. My only issue with it is the storyline is a bit short for me, but the side missions make up for it. The data packs are sooo tedious, but I still got all of them. The graphics are much better than the past two games and the characters feel younger. I'd give it a 9.5/10"
76561198161082546,Recommended,209000,28598574,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,Queen Anne's Revenge,This game is awesome!!!
76561198074858913,Recommended,209000,29534378,Posted: 27 January,all,priest,"yes, he is BATMAN.."
,Recommended,209000,12603829,"Posted: 23 October, 2014",all,M I Abrahms,"If you've heard of this game, you've probably heard that it's a step back from Arkham City.  I would be inclined to agree with that.  Yes, the game had pretty bad bug trouble at release.  I agree with those who feel the multiplayer feels unnecessary.  And I, too, was dissapointed in the big reveal.  (at least, the *first* big reveal)That said, I still think the game is worth a look if you're a Bat-fan.  Even a bad Arkham Game (at least to date) is still an amazing game.  And, I personally feel that the upgrades to the Detective parts - making that part of the game a lot more than just find one or two things to get an expo dump - to be worth a look if nothing else.  It's something that I'm really hoping has made it into Arkham Knight, but for now I will have to wait to see."
,Recommended,209000,10823602,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,Believe in a Sign of Zeta,BADADADA DDA DADAA ANBAIBABABABABA DAAAATHERE USED TO BE A GREAT TOWER ALONE ON THE SEAYOU BECAME THE LIGHT ON THE DARK SIDE OF MELOVE REMAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAINS A DRUG THAT'S A HI... SOMETHINGBUT DID YOU KNOW WHEN IT SNOWS MY EYES BECOME ALIVE AND THE LIGHT THAT YOU SHINE CAN BE SEENBAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAYBEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE
,Recommended,209000,7514352,"Posted: 29 October, 2013",all,robotman5,Story is good so far. The online bit is not working at all right now so can't comment on that (due to getting a black screen while trying to get into a online match) but the game itself runs smooth and only have a little low fps in some areas...buy it when its bugs are patched for SP and MP.
,Recommended,209000,17438367,"Posted: 7 August, 2015",all,lembayu,NananananananananananananaBOTMON!
76561198078812414,Recommended,209000,9026355,"Posted: 8 February, 2014",all,momasboy,"Probably one of my all-time favorite games that have made my top 5 list! I find it too be the number one rated graphics games that i have ever played, the story really got me engaged with the mastery of Bruce Waynes personal life and emotions and his side of the Dark Knight. Recommend it too anyone who enjoys pleanty of action and is looking into logging in some steam hours!"
,Recommended,209000,7868074,"Posted: 1 December, 2013",all,Faelor,"Like all the other Batman Arkham games, this game has one of the most fluent and well made combat system. The story, like always, is good with plot twists that will make you get a your panties in a knot. Since this is the prequel to the other games, we have the Joker once again, which in my opinion always makes Batman itself better, no matter what. The main storyline itself is short, but you have many side quests that will keep in you entertained for a while. If you like lots of fighting, stealth, great combat, a good but short storyline but with many side quests then this game is for you."
,Recommended,209000,8151982,"Posted: 20 December, 2013",all,Gazorpazorpfield,This game is awesome!!
,Recommended,209000,8348649,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,Total Digestive,gg
,Not Recommended,209000,9389333,"Posted: 8 March, 2014",all,Acalson,Batman Arkham Origins is not for harcore batman fans or hardcore Arkham fans. The game crashes way to often and the story is very corny and like Arkham City. I would no recommend this game to anyone
,Recommended,209000,9671222,"Posted: 29 March, 2014",all,Shadno,This game is Awesome if you a fan of Batman
,Recommended,209000,18011270,"Posted: 13 September, 2015",all,Harun Rovcanin,Nice Game :D
,Recommended,209000,27051832,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Shofyankhan,"Best game with great graphic, i alwasy imagine can feel gotham city, i feel the city while playing this game.."
,Recommended,209000,12194648,"Posted: 22 September, 2014",all,-[FF]-,Its cool that this have some great DLC
,Recommended,209000,26869682,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Jaxi Jax,VERY GUT!
76561198052466688,Recommended,209000,10812165,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,Tallin,"Wasn't that bad of a game but wasn't even close to the previous Arkham City GOTY, I guess thats what happens when a different studio gives its take on the series.  I didn't run into any glitches like some of the other reviewers did but after beating the main story and the side quests I really had no desire to play it again like I did with Arkham City.  It is worth playing for the story but only if picked up in the 4.99 price slot."
76561198008844252,Recommended,209000,7815273,"Posted: 28 November, 2013",all,Palmer247,"This is the best Batman game I have play so far,  amazing complex story , even better multiplayer , this is a must buy 10/10, but I recommend you start with the original games first..  to full appreciate this prequel game"
,Recommended,209000,28390668,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,aeroplane,"8/10 rating. Story was enjoyable and fun to play thru, game would better if there were like lesser bugs, Really enjoyed the combat this game, was a big jump from Arkham City and its a job well done. Side mission are all do-able. Casefiles were damm fun to do esp deadshot one, pretty cool small short story to go thru."
,Recommended,209000,26770752,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Antarius,Okay.
,Recommended,209000,9342497,"Posted: 4 March, 2014",all,|xSp|G,What an amazing game cant wait for the next one to come out
,Recommended,209000,28853589,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,J$,"Great game, even with the bugs, is pretty good.PROS:-You're Batman-Perfectly Optimized, even in low config the game looks awesome (I play without video card)-This is the perfect game to know how the Batman's history began, Joker's origin (not clear yet) and other cool stuff about Batman's foes-New items in the Batman's belt-New CHALLENGING enemies-History is awesomeCONS:-Bugs, bugs, BUUUUUUUUGS.-The combat system is maybe the same of Arkham CityGreat game, except for the bugs. 8/10"
76561198138508605,Recommended,209000,31105577,Posted: 12 April,all,Diabolus,Really good game
,Recommended,209000,25438399,"Posted: 9 September, 2016",all,Gan1x,"This being the first arkham game I have played it sets the bar high after people telling me this is the worst in the franchise.Pros*The Combat is amazing and free flowing*Deathstroke boss was just amazing it felt like it was a cutscene but had enough control over batman to feel like your doing somethin*Bane was amazing as a character and a boss, He made me anxious to fight and when I fought him he lived up to my anxious expectations, All 3 of the fights against him are amazing, The best being the first and the worst sadly being the third*The Black Mask was an amazing enemy and when he turned out as the joker I felt the game get more gripping and suspenceful, You never know what the jokers gonna do so it helped the lackluster story developCons*The story felt a let down knowing how much potential there was in it, Six assasins hired by The Black mask to kill batman, Some of these bosses werent in the main story and when i found this out I had to make myself think it was in chronological order*The Firefly and deadshot battle were not very fun, I just didnt feel like they needed to be as hard as they are, Especially deadshot you just stealthly take him down then bash him upOverall\This game is amazing in most spots I cannot wait to play the next three and one day I might just come back and play it in the right orderI Highly Reccomend playing this gane"
76561198023391052,Not Recommended,209000,8788808,"Posted: 20 January, 2014",all,Mr.Remington,"Having been a fan of the arkham series and enjoying both i have to say, spending 50 dollars on this game and having it be full of bugs and glitcheswas a serious let down for myself and the series. I bought it months of ago and they still have not fixed some of the game crashing issues which causes me to be able to even finish the story, a great game ruined by rushing for the holiday season."
,Recommended,209000,20104884,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,c.c,"I different Batman : Arkham game, not bad."
,Recommended,209000,10811187,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,Biggi,"Good game but Lots of bugs, but since i havent played in a few weeks they probably fixed all the bugs.  Anyway serious bug that still wont get fixed is that when i try to play singleplayer it crashes before it loads the main menu.  Multiplayer is great and I've had no problems with it :)"
,Not Recommended,209000,10234050,"Posted: 25 May, 2014",all,MisterS42 [BEAST],"For reference, this review is primarily concerning the DLC, Cold Cold Heart (as well as some of the Season Pass content).  My review for the original game is athttp://gamersglance.com/2013/11/11/batman-arkham-origins-review/.In my review for Arkham Origins, I noted a number of game-breaking bugs.  I am sorry to say that WB Montreal patched only a few of these, and actually made the Burnley Tower issue worse by making some of the buildings surrounding it physically intangible (as in, you literally fly straight through them).  They coupled their poor attitude towards releasing a very broken game with an announcement some months later that they would no longer be patching the main game and were focused on DLC.  I remember thinking, ""So your plan is to build DLC on top of a broken game?  What could POSSIBLY go wrong?""Oy vey.As you might have guessed from the DLC title, the storyline DLC Cold Cold Heart (which is a lame lame title) is the origin story of Mister Freeze.  Minor spoilers ahead, but here's the short list of what I liked.-Getting to navigate Wayne Manor is cool and those levels aren't poorly designed.  Plus Alfred regualrly smarms the goons who are holding him hostage.-Thermal batarangs look pretty kickass and are actually used in a neat way.Yep, that list was short.  Here's the bad stuff.-The story is completely predicatable for anyone who is even remotely familiar with Mr. Freeze, even if your only familiarity comes from his appearance in Arkham City.-The main story arc takes place in an artifically limited version of Gotham (two disctricts) and features new buildings and girders which happen to be installed over outdoor stealth sections.  For reference, this story also takes place EXACTLY one week after Arkham Origins... so in the week between Christmas and New Year's, which as we all know is the high point of activitiy for construction crews, Gotham City construction workers managed to put up (or at best, relabel) a new skyscraper for GothCorp, AND install girders that support no structural purpose over bad guy hangouts.  This is what happens when the DLC is concepted and sketched out AFTER Gotham City is designed and modeled.-The first two guards you encounter (the ones with the codes) use the same model and skin.  This is especially sloppy considering there are other, uninteractable guards with different models later in the level.-Whoever made the decision to zoom in during the initial dialogue sequence between Alfred and Bruce should be fired.  Both Alfred and Bruce's lips appear to come a good inch away from their faces while speaking, something which is not noticible in later dialogue sequences because they are further zoomed out.  It genuinely looks like a goofy Garry's Mod face.-The DLC is noticibly padded in multiple places - first, with Anarky's ""riots"" (yes this is the same Anarky you appreheneded a week before in the main game).  By ""riots,"" I mean five or six Anarky guys standing around chatting.  Then breaking up the parts of the Cryo Drill, which are very large but apparently fit well within his utility belt pouches, because why not?  There are another couple of instances, but I'm too bored to point them out.Oh word, remember the part at the beginning of the review where I mentioned bugs?-Don't land too near any frozen guard, or you will be caught in an infinite loop of hovering and attempting to land.-Don't attempt to leave the game before completing a mission objective (especially clearing a room) unless you like having to start the DLC over from scratch - this causes the DLC to clear the room of baddies, and if you were required to interrogate any of them in order to progress, well eff you.-Grappeling is just as buggy and weird as in the main game - you're going to say to yourself ""Why can't I grappel there?"" A LOT.  I particularly liked it when I grappel to a point just below an armed guard to perform a ledge takedown, only to have Batman hop the ledge and stand in front of the bad guy.  Nice stealth, bro.-Especially on stairs, performing a stealth or ground takedown is buggy, will cause the body to glitch partially through the stairs, and occassionally bounce up wildly into the ceiling.-You will still randomly drop combos, especially when most of the enemies are down but not unconscious.  I know someone will say this so let me go ahead and ask the question - ""But y don't u use ground takdown!!1!""  Uh, because the animation is so long that by the time you are finished performing it, anyone else who was on the ground is up and already hitting you or about to.-Using alternate suits in the main game can and will crash the game under random conditions.  This was particularly a problem with the Brightest Day suit.The worst part of this, though, (read the latest patch note comments for reference) is that people are actively swearing off Batman video games because of how broken this game is.  A lot of them don't realize that this is the only Arkham game WB Montreal ever made, and the two previous (and upcoming Arkham Knight) were made by Rocksteady.  I mean, if I were Rocksteady, I would actually draft a press release concerning their disappointment with Arkham Origins, and clarifying that they didn't make it.  If Arkham Kinght underperforms because of this glitchy mess, that would be a real shame.At the end of the day, I got the Season Pass on sale at Amazon for $8.  And I still feel like I got ripped off.  Don't buy either the DLC or the main game unless you don't have enough frustration in your life.  I wouldn't even recommend this to diehard Batman fans."
,Recommended,209000,21484365,"Posted: 26 February, 2016",all,dwerhs,gg
,Recommended,209000,18066516,"Posted: 16 September, 2015",all,Primus,This got shot down in a lot of reviews for having 'more of the same'. It's stupid.You're Batman. You can't save the world with a box of candies. You need to break kneecaps and jaws.
,Recommended,209000,26327293,"Posted: 30 October, 2016",all,Running-Target,"It's Batman, what could be more fun. You are Batman. But, it is NOT a Rocksteady game.  You are playing before the Arkham Asylum gamestory. Hints are provided with the Detective sight mode. Movement improved with Grapplehook. You spend points on improving your batgear and skills.Platforming, puzzles, finding hidden objects, dynamic Melee action combat with batarang.   Great graphics and action, ok story.   Voiceovers for all characters in game.  Has bios of the bosses and npcs.Has Multiplayer PVP Online game with players using Batman and Robin vs Joker and Bane, also playing as gang members of Bane or Joker factions.  Capture points and TDM modes.Has Only support for Xbox 360 controller.  Playable with keyboard and mouse.Has Steam Achievements and badge cards.for more info:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RvjJZpl6woYhttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=b2FDT2OrUXQhttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lxKMYzFp-Swhttp://www.ign.com/games/batman-arkham-origins/pc-165718http://www.gamespot.com/reviews/batman-arkham-origins-review/1900-6415506/http://www.trustedreviews.com/batman-arkham-origins-review"
76561198063588213,Recommended,209000,33141518,Posted: 2 July,all,라임스,나름 괜찮았어요 버그빼고
76561198031386640,Recommended,209000,33007807,Posted: 29 June,all,Sonicslayer,The Deathstroke fight is the best in the game. Otherwise probably not worth your time if you really loved Arkham City or Asylum
76561198283948388,Recommended,209000,32966581,Posted: 28 June,all,VVW.Spennywise,"This game is fun and the story is ok but it isn't nearly as good as the other Arkham games. I hate how they redesigned bane, croc, and joker and joker's new voice actor is just awful. The boss battles in this game just feel uninspired and weak but in the end it still has some of the same mechanics and story elements that make us love Arkham games."
,Recommended,209000,33120558,Posted: 2 July,all,Magic,"Waow! My first Batman Game and insantly became one of my favorites. Everything is so good about it. Characters, maps, graphics. 11/10"
,Recommended,209000,23491492,"Posted: 10 June, 2016",all,KannieXM,Amazing game. Of course I recommend it! 120%
76561198036498823,Recommended,209000,9996663,"Posted: 2 May, 2014",all,Solanum nigrum,"Arkham Origins is a bit controverse for the third game in a row to be such an downfall.In Arkham Assylum you are chasing threw an dark psychotrip and got kind of an straight storyline to follow threw the depths of hell. It plays well and works really god, no mayor bugs even if you think so at first, because you can see all these Riddler-Trophys which you can't get. Turns out that you get these Gadgets that help you getting them later. Clever.Arkham City is even darker when you get thrown into an whole City that was turned into an jail. You actually start as Catwoman and turn the good to bad and bad to good while kicking and punshing the f*****g ♥♥♥♥ out of the real big guys in an combat-system that rocks you socks off. The fight against Mr. Freeze is an nice example for an clever battle where you can not win by just hitting a button like an woodpicker.Than there was Arkham Origins... well..The Storyline is still great. You gotta give the credit that they had cool storylines in all the games and manged to stay as close as possible to the original comics as they could.The game plays before the other two games in timeline (did Star Wars start this? and why is everyone making an copycat out of it?)  and shows some old Supercrimes like Black Mask(when I think about it, they made the time-twist to bring the joker back)The fightsystem changed a bit again. It changed barely enough to make you vomit when there are more than 5 enemies at a time. While always able to stop in attacking enemy in AC - you get your♥♥♥♥♥kicked in AO all of the time. It doesn't help that from time to time the input on keyboard and/ormouse seem to be partly ignored and instead of going to the left upper corner of the room, you slam into the wall on your left as hard as you can.This brings me to the worst Part of this game: BUGSI played this game over and over and over.. and if there would be any statistics about starts and/or crashes you could see how many times I only played for about five minutes. I got the game about first day it came out and really thought it might be getting better soon. Now I installed ""Cold Cold Heart"" and mine broke. I am actually writing this Review now, because the game just stopped... no clue why.When I got the game I had the problem with the riddler-tower where the window closes and you can't escape the room, because the way you are suposed to go is blocked by an bug. Thanks to the genius who found and glitch (and also made it public - thanks again) me and many others glitched our way through that and other minor problems.A good thing is that they changed the detective-mode so that you are no longer in an godmode kind of version. Now it is sometimes better to turn the Mode of to see more (for example, sometimes you can not see enemys in an slightly wider range around you and they magicaly apear when you turn detective-mode of) That is good, but why the hack does Batman not see his own Batsignal which you use to mark points on the map? Looking up into the air: batsignal... detective-mode on to avoid bad guys with big guns: Where am i going? the green ""!"" on your navigation helps a lot...  but only until you realise that you just passed your marked spot for the second time.It is sad that they changed the combat and that the bugs drive you insanse. I would have loved to give it an good ranking for the great story and the cool new invention where you can go through the crime by timeshifting and see how things happened in special places, but that doesn't help when the game crushes.6/10(get Arkham City instead if you didn't before)"
,Recommended,209000,20595860,"Posted: 17 January, 2016",all,The Sexual Man,"Good game. They improved some details but pretty much the same stuff in Arkham City. But you see a young Joker, now that is a real deal."
,Recommended,209000,28827424,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,Swaded,Batman - Arkham OriginsGame StageScoreEarly AccessN/ABetaN/AComplete/Updates8/10
76561197962483977,Recommended,209000,31386751,Posted: 26 April,all,One Man Team,"THIS GAME IS LIKE A FRESH OUT OF THE OVEN CINNAMON BUN!I'll make this sweet and short. This game is a true masterpiece from every aspect, just like the previous ones as a matter fact. If you like Batman even just a tiny bit then you will love this game and the franchise. You can tell a lot of passionate people invested time and most definitely big capital to bring this famous world alive. Their interpretation of Batman reminds me of Chrystopher Nolan's. It's brutaly dark. The storyline, cinematics and soundtrack are hollywood worthy and if you didn't already know it is Mark Hamill that voices the Joker (may the force be with you).I have yet to play Arkham Knight. This game is worth every penny and for 19.99$ right now with the season pass it is irresitible like a fresh out of the oven cinnamon bun. Heck, it's got some thick icing on top!"
,Recommended,209000,28684783,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,NinjAhmad,"Let's start of with the story, the main story atleast is sooo good i loved it it had some emotianal moments in it and some epic moments i haven't played all the side mission but i just finished the main missions. This has been my third batman game if i'm right (batman arkham asylum was my first one). And what i love is the variation in all the batman games, gadget variation aswell as a different story. This one was by far the most emotional one i have ever played (not that i cried but the story is so immersive!).Pro's;+Story is great!+Combat is smooth+Free-roam option+Many side stuff which you can play with for a while+Graphics/visuals are goodCon's;-The game can be pretty glitchy sometimes which can be annoying (i raged a couple of times because of it)-Some boss fights are buggy-Multiplayer got shutdown :(Overall i recommend you to play this game for sure and trust me you'll have a lot of fun with it. it's worth the 5 euro's (christmas sale)"
,Recommended,209000,33008993,Posted: 29 June,all,smoof,its good
76561198081371819,Recommended,209000,23372469,"Posted: 3 June, 2016",all,Lycurgess,"Not as good as the first game in the series (which I feel is the best one) but Pretty damn awesome all the same.I don't know why but running around a city in a cape, dishing out your own brand of justice with your knuckles, is really fun. Even when its in a video game.I also had no issues with the game running on my system."
76561198249471152,Recommended,209000,28640035,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,Snoop Dawg,Amazing and interesting!!
,Recommended,209000,25536613,"Posted: 16 September, 2016",all,YBAlam,"Good Game, Great Mechanics. But, Moderately Optimized"
,Recommended,209000,26516463,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,king1harry,gg
76561198016884143,Not Recommended,209000,33319807,Posted: 6 July,all,Temp950,"I only recently found the Arkham games, although I had played arkham city for an hour or so once and not liked it much. I was out of games, and decided to give Arkham knight a try, as I was bored and could not find a single game on steam that I wanted to play. I like comic books, but given the glut of comic book movies I am pretty burnt out on comics. I used to watch the Batman animated series 20 years ago, and they were one of my favorite shows, but Batman was never my favorite superhero. I always saw him as one dimensisonal, and he had no superpowers...I never thought I would ever find another game as good as the witcher 3, but Arkham knight was one that matched it. Despite everything, I was hooked onto the game, and finished 2 playthroughs, and looked for other arkham games. I had arkham city, so I gave it another chance. I liked the game a lot this time around. It was short, and it had some horrible frame rate issues that took a while to fix, but the game had most of the same excellent combat and excellent voice acting. It was polished, it was made with care. The riddler puzzles, which I had initially hated in Arkham Knight, grew to be  my favorite things over these two games, and Arkham city was full of them. So the next game I bought was this one, ARkham origins, expecting it to be more of the same great stuff. And it seemed that way until about five minutes in... and my opinionof this game has  been a slow downward descent since then.It is a game that took all the excellent combat systems, animations and gameplay elements of Arkham City, and then replicated them as much as possible, with minor changes to equipment and a new crime scene thing that you do a couple times in the game that is nothing special. But where it differs from the other two games is in the level of care and effort put into the game. Those intricate puzzles hidden cleverly throughout the world? gone. The puzzles themselves? mostly gone. Even the combat has a bunch of bugs in it. Moves are jerky, your enemy bounces up and down ten feet when you finish them off sometimes, you get stuck gliding in the same spot, your remote batarang suddenly loses responsiveness in certain spots, etc... There are so many instances in this game where the difference between arkham city and this are like day and night. You can really tell that there was very little care put into this game, and that they sought to simply create a product that could ride off the success of the previous game rather than innovate. Even the graphics are not greatly improved, given the year it came out in. For some reason, your suit is now reflective, and has a permanent white sheen on it, making you look out of place. In anything but complete darkness, you glow with this dull white sheen. The city  you explore is dull, boring, and enemies will respawn even as you just grapple to the next building. It  almost seems like this game chose to be in the middle of a snowstorm to avoid having to do the work of making detailed environments. Much easier to just cover everything with snow. They badly miscalculated on this, because it makes the game world look dull and lifeless, which it is. There are thugs and evil police everywhere, which makes no sense, and there are no citizens around at all, which makes even less sense. Your grapple is really clunky and will often target something you do not want to, and its a real pain getting where you want at times. This game has some good things about it, but its much less enjoyable than the others. It is to the Arkham series what Andromeda is to the Mass effect series... Actually, that is a bit harsh... This game is to the Arkham series what peeing is to drinking a beer. It feels like the mildly satisfying task that you are left with after enjoying yourself.There are some good things about this game. The boss battles are sometimes fun, although some of them feel like prolongued quicktime events. It is very easy and probably the best game to start if you have never played an arkham game before, since things can only get better from here. The voice acting is... tolerable. The loss of Mark Hamil as Joker is probably the worst thing about this game. As good a job as Troy Baker did, he just can't quite do this character properly. But that might be the writing, and not all his fault. The best part of the game is the story and the potrayal of Batman as a beginner. He is a lot more violent, a lot more angry, and his meeting with Joker for the first time, and relationship with Alfred are all interesting and well done. The cinematic feel you get in the cutscenes and such is excellent, and much better than the other ARkham games."
,Recommended,209000,10872390,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,GrizzGolf,This game is amazing! Perfect start for the Arkham series!
,Recommended,209000,22188382,"Posted: 1 April, 2016",all,Wedge,"Out of all superheroes games out there, this Batman franchise are the MUST OWN games. Trust me, you don’t get the chance to experience the vast lore of Batman storyline and the associated heroes/villains in this game."
,Not Recommended,209000,11491934,"Posted: 31 July, 2014",all,Larania,"somewhat different story, same gameplay, same bug, same glitchesBuy only if you think you want to know more of the story,"
76561198068416876,Not Recommended,209000,15663315,"Posted: 2 May, 2015",all,Dr. Frank N. Furter,"I have very mixed feelings about this game. It's nothing in comparison to the first two Arkham games, but it's still very fun. It lacks originality and it gets very tiresome at times but I couldn't stop playing it. The DLC content is very fun as far as I've seen, and there's a good amount of bonus missions. At the same time, I don't find it nearly as exciting as Arkham City. If you really like Batman, as I do, you might as well get this on a sale, as I did, but be warned, you might not enjoy it as much as you hoped. (btw I will admit the boss fights were all EPIC)"
76561198027019658,Not Recommended,209000,15201597,"Posted: 4 April, 2015",all,inherit_the_skills,"I'm a fan of the Arkham games and their blend of open world looting, fluid-fighting encounters and linear story polished to an expert sheen by developers Rock Steady.This time around we have WB Games Montréal in control. And unfortunately it shows that they are no Rock Steady.We're given a prequel because really that's the safest route to take before Rock Steady resume control. However this process of exposition and discovery (Who's the Joker? Who's Batman?) is incoherently handled. The story is supposed to take place over the course of one night and to shoe-horn all of these villains, Batman, his relationship with Gordon is just asking too much.If the plot isn't much cop you'd expect the game mechanics to be solid. And they are. Mostly. WB Games Montréal haven't sought to change much. They've added weapons and have a slightly different unlocking system which works in conjunction with the challenge modes. If you're not into those, like me, certain things won't unlock as you play the campaign.It feels overly complicated and you can't help but feel that the designers wanted to provided a padded out package that would last for a long time. Having completed the game and only unlocked 33% that much is clear. After a while solving the Enigma puzzles or pursuing side objectives can wear thin.The main problem with gameplay is a headfirst dive into the world of extreme button prompts. Boss fights are half normal scrapping and then after a certain point in the health bar, we are prompted to press X to repeatedly beat someone up.  This allows fights to be presented very cinematically but you become a spectator more than a integral part of the action.The campaign eventually focuses on the Joker who manages to be an annoyance rather than a dark malevolent terror. His pitbull Bane is someone you have to fight repeatedly and the only reason for that I can think of is padding.Throughout the somewhat underwhelming campaign there are still moments of thrills, excitement and achievement. It would help if the complexity of the combat controls was better communicated and Bats could benefit from more fluid movement in general. Sometimes he slows to a plodding walk with fists braced when you really want him to dart into the shadows.Finally bugs. Oh WB Games Montréal. I'm usually lucky enough to play AAA games whose bugs are either completely benign or mostly invisible to me.But Origins has far too many obvious ones where fights don't trigger and Bats is left wandering around staring into the eyes of his foes or disappearing into walls or sinking into the floor when fighting Bane.You can restart and all will be well but it's disappointing to see. WB Games Montréal also decided to not fix these bugs in favour of problems which would stop you completing the game. I understand the prioritisation but not the lack of committment to making the best game they possibly could.  Bear their name in mind the next time you see a WB game.If you're a Batman completist then go for this but otherwise you're not missing much and can safely skip to Rock Steady's Batman game due in 2015."
76561198155734697,Not Recommended,209000,15247038,"Posted: 7 April, 2015",all,THOTHdha,"This game is a design catastrophe.  The rediculously narrow windows in which it is possible to complete the Worst Nightmare tree got me to restart the game.  If you do not look up when you can complete the objectives required you will miss your oportunity to complete this, as there are several steps that can only be completed in one specific room in the game.  The crippling bugs that caused me to crash after 12+ hours spent perfectly executing the steps needed to climb the tree, leaving me with a save file that had sucessfully completed the challenge but not recieved credit for it made me quit playing the game.I am a huge fan of challenging games.  The 'challenge' in this game is less about player skill and more about metagame knowledge of when the developers allow you the oportunity to complete certain objectives and pure luck that the bug riddled game does not crash at an inoportune moment.Not to mention the massive inconsistency of having a bulky, juiced up Bane for a nemisis.  Only to 'later' meet him in one of the earlier games for the first time, and having him first use the drugs to empower himself then."
76561198142016767,Recommended,209000,30965018,Posted: 5 April,all,HarigeKutKameel,"WOW This game is awsome, the story line is great, grapichs are good and you don't need a beast computer"
,Not Recommended,209000,10367136,"Posted: 6 June, 2014",all,{HG} Whightwolf,"I mean there's nothing.... wrong with it per se. But it is just one disapointment after another. Nothing works quite as well as it should, as it did in previous games, the open world feels like a place where they keep single track events. I don't know if it /is/ more linear than previous games but it certainly feels it.That's it over all, I adored the previous games and was super set to give this a chance but it just feels simpler, less interesting and I know this sounds dumb with the much larger open world but the game feels smaller."
,Recommended,209000,10404775,"Posted: 9 June, 2014",all,jmbnbn,"A good extension of the series but not as enjoyable as Arkham Asylum or Arkham City; partially because it doesn't add much new functionality, but also because the combat (a key piece of the Batman series) doesn't feel as smooth. Still plenty to do beyond the main story, which was over with only 30% overall game completion. Play with an Xbox controller."
76561198197123261,Recommended,209000,17686791,"Posted: 23 August, 2015",all,agapewirejewelry,"Overall I highly recommend this game.  At first I was a little upset over some of the bugs, but the more I played and got emersed into the story of the game, My opinion changed.  I can understand how alot of people gave negative reviews due to some of the bugs in the game which can be quite frustrating at times.  The overall game itself is so impressive.  I think I enjoy this game more than the other batman games with the exception of Arkham knight which I have not played yet.   This truly is a masterpiece of a game and the graphics are great.  You can even play this on a lower level computer which is nice for people who dont have the huge memory and RAM.  I highly recommend you purchase this game.  You will be missing out if you dont."
,Not Recommended,209000,9672360,"Posted: 30 March, 2014",all,Otter,Hmmmmmm waited so long for the 3rd in the Arkham series(prequel) and did it live up to its expections...... I absolutley hate to say this but Absolutley not. It is so repeditive it isnt fun. Online Is alright woudlnt player it again i dont think. Combat is great thoug. So !@#$ you Warners Brothers for wrecking this franchise 5/10 Lets hope Batman Arkham Knight is better since it is the final 1
76561198191132569,Recommended,209000,25856533,"Posted: 4 October, 2016",all,Froggyz,Still i can find bug's but i like this game
,Recommended,209000,24118026,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,TBD GAMING,Great game! Very fun...
,Recommended,209000,7936089,"Posted: 6 December, 2013",all,Mr McSuave,"Another successful addition to the Arkham franchise. With this winning formula, no developer could go wrong. A great example of one of those cases where more of the same is a good thing.In this installment the trilogy takes a darker turn, with a story more centered around death and its consequences than before; it becomes more like The Dark Knight trilogy than Arkham. Thankfully the new voice actors fill their roles perfectly, in some cases even topping their predecessors, and the boss fights have been greatly improved, offering a much more cinematic feel this time around and do a lot to drive the story.Sure the multiplayer isn't a whole lot of fun, but this is still a very good game."
76561198165800981,Recommended,209000,22310974,"Posted: 8 April, 2016",all,Dark Storm,"To Whom it may concern: i have never played any of the other batman arkham games.This was the first batman game i ever played and i timed it perfectly. This game is a prequel to the other two batman games although it was technically the third game that was made. I am going to break the game down based on gameplay, story, and batman's costume as well as the look of arkham.Gameplay:1. Easy to learn2. Combat is realistic3. Almost all tools that you gain as the game progresses are used at some time4. (After doing some reasearch) The game play is relatively the same compared to the other games5.The boss fights are very fun, while also being chalengingStory:1. The story is logical and makes scence2. The characters rolls are well portrayed3. This game explains(mostly) how the other games came to pass4. The story has unexpected twists and turnsCostume/Graphics:1. The batman costume is updated and more armored2. The Villans are also updated with newer looking costumes and voice actors3. Even the lower graphics setting look very good. My computer can only run medium to low graphics on most games but batman arkham origins looks good even on low settingsIn conclusion this game is a very good option to buy. It has aspects of the other games while it also updates the graphics and apearance of the characters are updated. This game is worth every penny and if you enjoyed the rest of the batman arkham series. Even if you have never played any of the other batman games this would be a very good option.9/10"
,Recommended,209000,22064836,"Posted: 26 March, 2016",all,Pvt. Partts,Ezio Auditore voices Batman and Booker DeWitt voices JokerYeah that's alright with me
76561198112992770,Not Recommended,209000,12981721,"Posted: 17 November, 2014",all,KapetanZaklan,"Should be called Bugman considering the amount of bugs in the game that WB games decided not to patch but to rather ignore. There is no support for the game (except what can people at Steam do and they are great but they can't do a lot).The game is riddled with bugs that make the completion of all missions impossible.I own and have played all Batman/Arkham games but after this one...no more. Too much frustration and the developers status ""buy the game, give us your money and f**k off"" does not agree with me well."
,Recommended,209000,28494559,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,_bear,"When being a child, Bruce Wayne had witnessed with his own eyes the fact his parents of millionaire were killed cruelly, so affected his strong desire of rev engine his parents. However, God had never given him a chance to fulfill his will. Following the advice of Raws Al-Ghul, the chief of ninja group, Bruce come to gete, which was a corrupted city filled with various crime groups. Bruce found a basement under his villa, in which the equipment a turned him into another person: Spiderman. With his mask, Spiderman stroke all criminal activates and criminals everywhere, such as Tougon, the chief of mafia, doctor jackstraw, the abnormal drug trafficker, even a mysterious opponents quite familiar with him."
,Recommended,209000,7756080,"Posted: 25 November, 2013",all,[MzaG]Guitarsluk_94,if you like de batman arkham saga you love this game!!! I was surprised !!!
76561197971174220,Not Recommended,209000,15213454,"Posted: 4 April, 2015",all,sonofDust,no
,Recommended,209000,14170731,"Posted: 25 January, 2015",all,Jack Torrance,this is sometimes a pretty glitchy experience but if you have the right computer like me your going to love this game i played it very very smoothly and i would recommended it you should probably try it out if you have a fast enough computer but other than that this game is AWESOME.
,Recommended,209000,16732285,"Posted: 26 June, 2015",all,BigBlueWolf,"I'm of two minds about this game.First, I enjoyed the story, the voice casting was excellent, and Gotham came to life bigger than ever. Having the very corrupt GCPD as your enemy was a nice addition instead of fighting street thugs all the time.Second, it wasn't as interesting as Arkham City even though the boss fights were better. The side quests weren't terribly interesting, and the number of assassins (that you actually fight) could have been reduced to Deathstroke, Bane, and Copperhead. (I personally thought the re-use of Deadshot in AO didn't add to anything we already got out of his appearance in AC. Firefly was just sorta stupid.)  I loved AC so much I played through plus mode and did all the combat and stealth maps. Here just a single playthrough was sufficient, and I was ready to move on.Oh, and my preference for all the Arkham games is to play with a controller. Yeah KB+M will work, but some actions are tough to pull off and don't feel fluid that way.Rating: 7/10Definitely worth buying on sale because the price easily justifies a single playthrough."
,Recommended,209000,16860573,"Posted: 3 July, 2015",all,DragonulRed,"""I've tried so hard my dear to showThat you're my every dreamYet you're afraid each thing I doIs just some evil schemeA memory from your lonesome pastKeeps us so far apartWhy can't I free your doubtful mindAnd melt your cold cold heartAnother love before my timeMade your heart sad an' blueAnd so my heart is paying nowFor things I didn't doIn anger unkind words are saidThat make the teardrops startWhy can't I free your doubtful mindAnd melt your cold cold heartThere was a time when I believedThat you belonged to meBut now I know your heart is shackledTo a memoryThe more I learn to care for youThe more we drift apartWhy can't I free your doubtful mindAnd melt your cold cold heart"""
,Recommended,209000,13324251,"Posted: 11 December, 2014",all,Rayden☆✪,Very good game.My rank: 8.9/10
,Recommended,209000,9658467,"Posted: 28 March, 2014",all,InTheMuun,"This is a fun game if you like assassin creed, just like it"
,Recommended,209000,9667421,"Posted: 29 March, 2014",all,simon_neil_scott,"I really looking forward to this, with it being on sale. But within the first 30 minutes the I died (my own fault) and found the game had not saved the last objective I finished meaning I had to move accross the entire city again. I had heard it was bugged.. but come on..."
,Recommended,209000,9682818,"Posted: 30 March, 2014",all,EBULLET,♥♥♥♥ing awesome single + multy ! DLC is not reason to buy.
76561198043420966,Recommended,209000,9687150,"Posted: 31 March, 2014",all,Daniel wolf,this game is great 10/10
76561198027847297,Recommended,209000,9701510,"Posted: 1 April, 2014",all,JakeK,it is fun. I reccomend.
76561198126123953,Recommended,209000,9706444,"Posted: 2 April, 2014",all,Cashwheel,"ok this game rocks, play it, there was a long download but it was worth it. get this game!"
76561197987017200,Not Recommended,209000,9706580,"Posted: 2 April, 2014",all,Yuri Nondual,"Rubbish. Bad camera placement, lame fighting, very mediocre and generic game"
,Recommended,209000,9727544,"Posted: 4 April, 2014",all,Sanic,More bugs then Africa 10/10
76561197972553272,Not Recommended,209000,9771689,"Posted: 9 April, 2014",all,Kanjo,Worst in the series. Nothing new or original adding to what Arkham asylum and city already established.
,Not Recommended,209000,9857662,"Posted: 17 April, 2014",all,rmskater_05,"Glitches aside, one of my main problems is how the game handles upgrades. The first time that I played this game, I didn't know that you were supposed to do the side missions to unlock critical strikes or gadgets (the game doesn't explain this at all). Especially when doing the worst nightmare challenges which are really easy to miss since you cannot do them inside challenge mode. Otherwise, Arkham Origins  could have been a great Batman game; the story was there including some great voice acting by Roger Graig Smith (who is does a great Batman) and Troy Baker who doesn't sound like himself at all as the Joker. So I find myself unable to recommend this game at full price. Wait for any Steam sale or price reduction."
,Not Recommended,209000,9875658,"Posted: 19 April, 2014",all,Tuba Steve,"This game is a broken, unplayable mess. Do not buy."
,Recommended,209000,9659423,"Posted: 28 March, 2014",all,Walkie_Talkie,BATMANBATMANBATMANBATMANBATMANBATMANBATMANBATMANBATMANBATMANBATMANBATMANBATMANBATMANBATMANBATMANBATMANBATMANBATMANBATMANBATMANBATMANBATMANBATMANBATMANBATMANBATMANBATMANBATMANBATMANBATMANBATMANBATMANBATMANBATMANBATMANBATMANBATMANBATMANBATMANBATMANBATMANBATMANBATMANBATMANBATMANBATMANBATMANBATMANBATMANBATMANBATMANBATMANBATMANBATMANBATMANBATMANBATMANBATMANBATMANBATMANBATMANBATMANBATMANBATMANBATMANBATMANBATMANBATMANBATMANBATMANBATMANBATMANBATMANBATMANBATMANBATMANBATMANBATMANBATMANBATMANBATMANBATMANBATMANBATMANBATMANBATMANBATMANBATMANBATMANBATMANBATMANBATMANBATMANBATMANBATMANBATMANBATMANBATMANBATMANBATMANBATMANBATMANBATMAN
76561198009800264,Not Recommended,209000,9835259,"Posted: 16 April, 2014",all,spiffs,"Quick cash grab, rushed development ""outsourced"" to another studio, and it shows.Game breaking bugs, multiple annoyances, less polish, broken controller support etc.Get arkham city instead, this isn’t worth the time or money."
76561198040502178,Not Recommended,209000,9863414,"Posted: 18 April, 2014",all,Batmanismybitch,Definetly not worth the time nor the money...
,Recommended,209000,9665373,"Posted: 29 March, 2014",all,Tr@LL?,It's a really good game i really like it and i recommend it to other gamers
76561197989394761,Not Recommended,209000,9870972,"Posted: 19 April, 2014",all,Faded,stupid hard impossible boring first boss Deathstroke fight
76561197996291528,Recommended,209000,9680271,"Posted: 30 March, 2014",all,Prince Poison,One Love Batman well all that need to be said
76561198042816501,Recommended,209000,9651965,"Posted: 28 March, 2014",all,A_Rabbit,Its a good game
76561198096105210,Recommended,209000,9654708,"Posted: 28 March, 2014",all,10.15.5.10.5.4.5.10.5,great game! i love batman arkham series very much so i love arkham origins too but i think arkham city is better than arkham origins .
,Recommended,209000,8348260,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,Holygriever,"Arkham Origins is a very good Arkham game. That said, it's really ""more of the same"" from Arkham City, with even a large portion of the locales reused. The gameplay had NO changes, so they didn't break what was good, but didn't add any variety. All in all, it's recommended if you liked Arkham City, but don't expect this game to raise the bar above what the previous installment had to offer."
76561198220450468,Recommended,209000,32632250,Posted: 21 June,all,Trump,I'm Bat Man
,Recommended,209000,11474375,"Posted: 30 July, 2014",all,💀『Bottle of Greed』💀,Its awesome but It could be better
,Not Recommended,209000,9928156,"Posted: 25 April, 2014",all,Annie T. Mood,"As a big fan of the previous two Arkham releases this was pretty disappointing gameplay-wise.tl;drThere were many bugs such as combos cancelling even after hitting counter (especially on the new martial artists enemy) and some fights not starting until you reload the checkpoint.Including the technical stuff I've got my own personal gripes about this game;For one, the sounds you hear when you beat on baddies don't feel as awesome. They may sound more ""realistic"" (I think that's what they were going for) I guess but they just don't have that cool feeling of hitting someone and knowing when you've knocked 'em out cold.A number of the gadgets are basically just rip-offs of the gadgets from the previous games (glue grenade hah).Despite a bigger map and more enemies standing everywhere Gotham feels shallow.Some areas pull jerk moves by making you only go a certain, specific path to a destination when it seems like you could get there a more obvious way.(tl;dr rant)Here's an example: a place you had to go inside of was protected. The front door was heavily armed and the game kept suggesting me to find an alternate route. However I decided ""well we'll just see about that"" and kicked every one of their arses to the ground. So I remove the guards from the front door ONLY TO FIND THAT I CAN'T GO THROUGH IT. It wasn't locked either, or better yet it didn't really SAY anything about the door at least when I went to detective mode anyway. In detective mode I saw that the door wasn't even highlighted thus highly suggesting that I was never even supposed to go in the front door in the first place. And when I walk up to it Batman just starts repeating ""I need to find another way in"" or something like that everytime I go up to it. So, I take out every guard protecting the door to my objective only to realize that I wasn't even supposed to be here because the script says ""no you were supposed to go to the alternate route."" That heavy scripting in this sandbox-y game ticked me off the most good golly god. /rantThe plot was at least interesting, however I feel that the assassins didn't have enough screentime (especially Slade). Most of the bossfights were at least pretty cool and fun to play too as they felt more like I was actually being challenged (mostly).All-in-all, unrecommended, because I'm too much jerky for what I expect. It's at least very playable until the end for the story though for the actual gameplay, I gave it a chance, despite hearing its negative words said about it, and overall unfortunately I was pretty bummed. Technical problems, fan-ranting, etc.I didn't really try the multiplayer since I didn't care much for that."
,Recommended,209000,25372927,"Posted: 5 September, 2016",all,THE COMMANDER,Great story and amazing gameplay this is a must for any Batman fan 9/10
,Recommended,209000,25569114,"Posted: 18 September, 2016",all,I brought peace to the gays,"Great game, amazing visuals, enticing cutscenes"
,Recommended,209000,10983348,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,queen 🌸,"While it is indeed inferior compared to the other arkham games, it's still a pretty damn good game.  I recommend picking this up when it goes on sale."
76561198085947345,Recommended,209000,34134050,Posted: 9 August,all,GmAn,Best game ever
76561198309711412,Recommended,209000,34275920,Posted: 16 August,all,b.bixbykclife,its decent
76561197968575425,Recommended,209000,10643851,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,fLetcH,Definately worth the 7.49!!
,Recommended,209000,10673788,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,Kp,"Great game, hours of gameplay cant wait for the next one!"
,Recommended,209000,10776972,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,morta,Good story for the origins of most of the bad guys in the game
,Not Recommended,209000,26265382,"Posted: 28 October, 2016",all,Oke'd,"The plot ofBatman: Arkham Originsis a refreshing departure from that of its two predecessors in that it resembles a bad Hollywood movie instead of a bad comic book. The game completely dumps its primary plot point early on for a tangential mess of disjointed, QTE-heavy fights and villain-hopping. There's literally a point in the final act where the main villain is imprisoned and Batman just goes and fights some side villains to kill time before his inevitable escape. There isn't a proper reason forArkham Originsto have so many seemingly random subplots because not a one of them is any good, and none of the villains are at all as compelling as they were inArkham City, with formerly interesting takes on comic book tropes replaced with super-fancy death battles between martial artists ending with one of them being defeated and saying something edgy like ""What are you?"" entirely unironically. Between this type of writing and lengthy, misguided attempts at forensic criminology,Arkham Originsis a hot mess of narrative shortcomings and gameplay blunders that amounts to an experience with the equivalent fun factor ofArkham Cityif it had been marinated in warm vomit instead of being play tested.Truly the cruellest part ofArkham Originsis that it doesn't even have the decency to simply be a bad game. No, this is the evil twin ofArkham Citythat was accidentally dropped as a child and promptly forgotten, and has spent the subsequent years watching its predecessor flourish in the spotlight of 9/10 ratings from mainstream media outlets and honed its skills for the moment it would release and prove to all that W.B. Games Montréal - a studio renowned for timeless classics likeCartoon Universeand the Wii U port ofArkham City- was as valid a developer as any other, and completely capable of releasing actual games as well. Except whileArkham Originsgrasps the very basics of what made the series successful, (it needs combat, stealth and arbitrarily hidden  pickups), the level design, writing and pacing all got lost in translation, winding up with what is essentially a twelve hour trot through a truly diabolical parade of suffering forArkhamfans.Set on Christmas Eve,Arkham Originsdepicts a young Batman in a city ravaged by rampant crime and a police force so corrupt that when influential mobster Roman Sionis - called Black Mask after his black mask - puts a $50 million bounty on the head of our brooding vigilante, the Gotham S.W.A.T. team is involved as quickly as the eight assassins privately contracted to do so. These assassins don't cooperate at all with one another, nor do they learn anything from their previous encounters with Batman, exemplified in the Electrocutioner, who is knocked unconscious by Batman in a single punch and then continues to pursue him, apparently believing he has a shot. The Electrocutioner is one of only a couple of these assassins who actually want the money. Bane in particular is established as being interested only in getting revenge on Batman for wronging him in some way. This is mentioned in passing a few times, but it never progresses past being a piece of exposition to squeeze into cool-sounding dialogue about justice. This is the primary motivator for most of the dialogue. In a tense scene between Batman andthe Joker, the former demands thatthe Jokerfree a hostage now that he has arrived.The Jokerresponds with ""you're just a distraction, compared with what I've got up my sleeve"". In the end, of course, all theJokerwants isBatman dead, which he could, logically, have accomplished several times over in this story, but he chooses not to. It's the little things that really annoy me about this story. I can look past an overarching plot that's generally meaningless - this is a superhero game after all, but it's hard to tolerate the wayOriginsrepeatedly sacrifices believability and common sense for cool-sounding dialogue. Combined with controls that feel like more of a suggestion than a command and a myriad of game-breaking bugs that are still mostly alive and kicking after three years, the crappy writing drags the whole thing down, providing such a wealth of things to criticise that I won't even go into a detailed analysis of its gameplay shortcomings. It would be fruitless to do so, seeing as the core product is so fundamentally misguided.My review ofBatman: Arkham AsylumMy review ofBatman: Arkham City"
76561198028070572,Not Recommended,209000,24762272,"Posted: 7 August, 2016",all,ksg729,game looked less polished than the origional 2 games .mind you i was not able to play ver far into the game as the cinimatic that plays when interagateing penguines armsdealer contiusly caused the game to freeze up and crash.
76561198008703925,Recommended,209000,10601437,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,Jambo,Another superb! addition to the Batman saga =)
76561198254122946,Recommended,209000,30586476,Posted: 18 March,all,Kurogami,great story and the gameplay is better than arkham knight i like thisbkinda style batman and u dont need ahigh spec pc to run this just buy gtx 950 and i3 can run this game 60 fps
,Recommended,209000,7533580,"Posted: 31 October, 2013",all,Comrade Kemosabe,"Updated 09JAN2014: The game stopping bugs seem to have been taken care of at this point. I can now recommend the game to anyone who enjoyed the previous game. Mainly because this is exactly the same game. Same graphics, same audio, same map, different story. Worth the money? That's up to you...Originial review: Do not buy... I cannot progress very early in the game due to a bug where Batman will not let go of a rope at one particular spot. In all other areas up until now he would automatically release it at the end. But now I am stuck staring at a wall."
76561198026894557,Not Recommended,209000,21491247,"Posted: 26 February, 2016",all,Demeris,Barely functional at best. The PC port of this game is riddled with code bugs. It crashes often. Far too often to make it worth playing. Despite the fact that I spent very little on this game I'm upset about having spent anything on it. Givin the state of things I don't think the game producer could pay people to play this. -10
,Recommended,209000,26821837,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Marcelo,Gostei do jogo
,Recommended,209000,24083596,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,eat my soup,"When I first started playing the Arkham games, I was told Origins was the black sheep of the group and that it might be best to avoid it. I thought Arkham Asylum was mediocre and that Arkham City was spectacular, so when I heard that Arkham Origins was more like the latter, I gave it a shot.It could have been better than Arkham City, the base game had that much potential. The new powerups are very fun to use. Fighting the seven assassins required unique methods for each. Roger Craig Smtih does a better Batman than Kevin Conroy in my opinion, as he projects more vocal variety and talks to Barbara Gordon differently than a person he is interrogating.At the same time, the game needed more polish and was clearly rushed to make the 2013 holiday season, which is not surprising since the game takes place during the night of Santa's expedition. There were two or three times where I fell through the floor and Batman registered that he fell into the sea. The challenge ladder requires you to do them in order, which makes the predator ladder nearly impossible to complete on a single playthrough. There are also missable achievements, which are pretty infuriating if you miss them.I never got to try the multiplayer; ther servers are dead. If you liked Arkham City and are willing to trade overall presentation quality for more, new content, then I highly recommend this game.Oh, and in the training arena, you can play as SLADE WILSON."
76561198257608567,Recommended,209000,34226029,Posted: 13 August,all,Sekt0r11,Awesome!
76561198122422334,Recommended,209000,26512107,"Posted: 9 November, 2016",all,StolenLife ツ,i like itcool storyrecommend :D
76561198056205589,Recommended,209000,33787374,Posted: 25 July,all,Sumac,"Завершил прохождение Batman: Arkham Origins.Игра получилась...неоднозначной, но обо всё по порядку.Если АА и АС можно было сравнить с авторскими фильмами на большом бюджете, то АО - это чистый Голливудский блокбастер, начиная от озвучки и кончая постановкой роликов. Типичный психопат Джокер, Бэтмен - злой герой-одиночка в лучших традициях рэмбо 80-х.Кто-то может посчитать, что это плохо. Лично я в востороге от атмосферы АС не был (которая, как мне показалась, была крайней вымученной, и это не считая дурацкого рамзазанного сюжета), поэтому более простой подход АО мне, в данном случае, пришёлся по вкусу. Сюжет довольно прост, постановка хороша. Звёзд с неба не хватает, но и вымученности в нём не чувствуется.Графика стала ещё краше. Палитра игры радикально изменилась, что, по мне, замечательно. Модели персонажей, как мне показалось выглядели менее проработанными и были заметны проблемы с мимикой.Озвучка понравилась.Геймплей подтянули. Пусть не ввели особых новшеств, но удары Бэтмена снова имеют вес и он не такой сокростной, как в АС, что плюс. Кроме того, ввели больше разных типов врагов и сами они стали умнее и быстрее. Хореография боёв также на высоком уровне и уличные драки иногда напоминали бои из каких-нибудь Гонконгских боевиков.Ближе к концу, игрок получается электроперчатки, которые значительно упрощают борьбу с более сложными типами врагов.Ещё плюсы: карта стала более удобочитаемой и ввели точки для быстрого перемещения.Особенно хотелось бы отметить битвы с боссами - в этой игре они великолепны. Битва с Дэзстроуком - вобще, отдельный разговор, настолько хорошо она получилась. Вобще, АО - это первая игра в серии Аркхам, в которой за битвы с боссами не стыдно. Почти все они получились очень классными. Надеюсь АК будет не хуже.Ещё хотелось бы отметить битву со Светлячком. Сама битва получилась довольно конфузной, но события подводяще к ней...в общем, впервые в игре про Бэтмена я чувствовал, что играю за героя спасающего других людей, не за психа, который гоняется за другими психами. Жаль, что вся игра не выстроена в подобном ключе.Ну а теперь можно и о плохом:Во-первых, интерфейс игры был явно заточен под консоли и адаптирован для ПК через попу. Некоторые вещи можно контролировать только клавиатурой. Например, карту мышью прокручивать нельзя.Во-вторых, стоит отметить, что Готэм хоть и выглядит красиво, но напоминает совершенно мёртвый город. Не одного нормального НПС, только бандиты, продажные копы и психопаты. В сюжете дана для этого причина, но, увы, от этого город менее живым не становится.В-третьих, чувтсвуется отсутствие полировки. Достаточно часто встречаются глюки с анимацией и физикой, а также проблемы с интерфейсом. Впрочем, ничего такого, что сильно усложнило бы прохождение игры я не встречал, но осадочек остался. Судя по тому, что я читал об игре, оригинальный релиз, до патчей, был крайней забагованным.В целом, игра понравилась.Простой, но довольно интересный сюжет с фактурными персонажами, отличный геймплей, великолепные битвы с боссами и местами неплохая атмосфера. Из недостатков: проблемы с интерфейсом и отсутствие полировки.По-хорошему, я бы поставил бы АО 4 из 5, за все недостатки, но битвы с боссами, всё-таки заставляют дать игре оценку 5--."
,Not Recommended,209000,19777136,"Posted: 19 December, 2015",all,Starving Poet,"I don't know what they did to this game, but I came from a 100% completion of Arkham City and they broke the fighting."
76561198173986838,Recommended,209000,33015862,Posted: 29 June,all,agent greyson,very cool wish they had nightwing tho
,Recommended,209000,14002216,"Posted: 15 January, 2015",all,SoLonely,Its ok.
76561198001492899,Not Recommended,209000,30302381,Posted: 3 March,all,Thormentor,"How many times can one capture Joker?  It looks like this franchise is more like Tom and Jerry.As good as Arkham City was, this game is so buggy and a bad copy of Arkham City, it is just terrible.  Obviously it is not the same team, and they just picked up the game's engine, and rushed to make something out of it.  The boss fights, especially Deadstroke is just pitiful.  This is what happens if you make Boss fights with if-then loops.  The guy is making half swirl in the air, and when you do batclaw, he just goes back to standing up all of a sudden.  Or he is right besides you, and all of a sudden he is coming out of nowhere in the air, because his health just went down below 30%.  Guys keeping on walking towards the walls, or they are standing and you cannot do anything to them.They also tried to `take it up a notch` with everything, with jammers, thermal visions, or self exploding vantage points - what the heck guys :) is this supposed to be fun or have fast you guys can masturbate :)  you fight the big boss, and all of a sudden, a jammer comes out of nowhere so you lose your vision. These things are so unnatural with the flow of the game, that they are straight up annoying,I did not play Blackgate DLC and heard worse comments about it.Anyway, get the Arkham City for sure, but stay out of this, unless you are a big fan."
76561198069991539,Not Recommended,209000,30210422,Posted: 26 February,all,Jack Burton,"loved the first two, but this game is clunky and does not feel right...."
,Recommended,209000,9873615,"Posted: 19 April, 2014",all,Mario Dan,"If you have already played previous versions and liked them, there is no reason that you will not like this, this is like an expansion due there is few new enemies and gadgets.If you are in the series, this game is an adventure in a open world to explorer and with a great combat system. This sequel is previous to the events of Batman: Arkham Asylum, so is not a bad start if you have not played the other ones."
,Recommended,209000,9659702,"Posted: 28 March, 2014",all,ᵣᵤₘₛₐz,this game need's better reviews first of all it's not the game it's your laggy computer get it fixed and this game is amazing and deserves a 90 on my scale. I also beat it a lot of times.
,Recommended,209000,19028900,"Posted: 12 November, 2015",all,AliGame,خیلی خوب روی دایرکت ایکس نه اجرا و عملکرد فوق العاده ای داشتفعلاً در همین حد بررسی شدsina plz khaf.
,Recommended,209000,21138912,"Posted: 11 February, 2016",all,googie,good game a lot like rocksteadys batman
76561198360110618,Recommended,209000,34803307,Posted: 7 September,all,Virus2048,Good game even runs on my  very old laptop
,Recommended,209000,35203561,Posted: 25 September,all,AMX121,good but Arkham City was better
76561198059228175,Recommended,209000,35274553,Posted: 28 September,all,Tactical Basket skinhub.com,"It is alright for a good story, but its literally the same as Arkham City to be honest.  The Bat wing is cool though."
76561198066860835,Recommended,209000,35191946,Posted: 24 September,all,spidermanarms,Awesome. Please make more games like this.
76561198112354158,Recommended,209000,23774855,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,whitex990,Great
,Recommended,209000,34543958,Posted: 27 August,all,NeroEM9,"I don't really know why most people prefer Asylum and Arkham City to this game. Origins has far deeper story than both of them. You feel every inch of Bruce's self seeker hero syndrome. You understand that he is no different than those he is against, throughly see that there is a symbiosis between him and criminals. Bruce is not a hero in this game, he is only a kid who plays with Gotham to make himself his own hero, since he can't be anyone else but his own hero. And while doing that, he justifies his acts with Kantian ethics like ""killing is bad, so is killing the killers"". He doesn't like people safe from danger, he likes people saved from danger, it's his 'repetition compulsion'. And this game, shows it really good.. Or, I dont know, at least for me.. But let me say this: Nolanesque plot twists don't make a story deep."
,Recommended,209000,18242307,"Posted: 28 September, 2015",all,DgUwLtB,"This game has the darkness of Gotham city, high quality graphics and whatnot... However the most important thing out of all of that: it's got a history... you can roar like batman, punch criminals, a myriad of missions aside from Enigma's missions to achieve(It's really boring to find all of them data packs over the city tho) The only coin i can actually think of is the fact you cant fix the compaign suit up. if you want to use it you gotta use its damaged version =\"
,Recommended,209000,7705882,"Posted: 20 November, 2013",all,3D Marks Master,Action game of the year 2013.
76561198059847246,Recommended,209000,21722807,"Posted: 8 March, 2016",all,Lord Shankington,oNE OF THE BES T SUPER HERO GAME SI'VE PLAYED
,Not Recommended,209000,33278926,Posted: 5 July,all,Deze,10 stupid bats out of 10
,Recommended,209000,30595729,Posted: 18 March,all,League of Extrodinary Trolls,"No you won't kill anyone, but you will throw them off a 50 foot building then leave them in freezing weather with internal bleeding, fractured femurs, compressed lungs, permanent brain damange, shattered skull, a spine that now is more crooked then Hillary Clinton, and arms that bend the opposite way.9.3/10"
76561198161674874,Recommended,209000,13716581,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,DickButt,its fun
76561198046233410,Not Recommended,209000,19674392,"Posted: 13 December, 2015",all,theFlayer,"This game has its good point and its bad points, but its bad points beat me, here's why.The game failed to update that I'd completed various missions, such as stating that I still needed to collect the second chip in order to find the Penguin when I had in fact already used it to track down the Penguin.Regular goons are much more observant, resulting in very few opportunities to be sneaky batman unless the encounter is specifically designed for it.The ctrl button seems to have a large delay, resulting in it often not activating at all and the insta-kill move against downed enemies is hit and miss.On occasion a boss that had to be killed to progress the game would fall through the floor.Bosses would randomly realise that they could dodge attacks and their ability to dodge would skyrocket effectively negating strategies that worked against them in every reload before and after.The story was good, the graphics were nice, but these issues of gameplay have made it a struggle to play."
76561198123701362,Recommended,209000,26958887,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Ich Liebe Dich,great game...
76561198043764997,Recommended,209000,28266059,"Posted: 8 December, 2016",all,Izzy,"Pretty good game, needs more Kevin Connroy and Mark Hamil though."
,Recommended,209000,28167789,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,¤ βℓооđч ¤ Nico-Kun!,"The third entry to the Arkham franchise, Arkham Origins serves as a prequel to Arkham Asylum, showing Batman in his early days, when he wasn't an experienced crime fighter. This game takes place several years before the events of AA, during Christmas Eve, and Black Mask has hired assassins to kill Batman. While it sounds like a pretty good premise, there's a certain plot twist halfway through the game that undermines the story. and then the assassins plot gets sidetracked. Now, I'm not saying the game's story is bad; it's somewhat decent, but I'd have preferred if they had gone with the original idea of Batman fighting several assassins, most of whom are well-known members of Batman's rogues gallery, including Deathstroke, Killer Croc, and Deadshot, to name a few. Also, I feel that this game has a few plot holes in regards to the previous entries in the franchise; some of the events happening here contradict what we've learned from previous games.As for the gameplay, well, it's pretty similar to Arkham City's gameplay; yet it doesn't feel as solid as in the previous game. Combat, for example, feels a lot more chaotic, and sometimes Batman will simply drop a combo, through no fault of your own, or get hit by enemies who start their attack of screen, not giving you the time to properly counter. There's a few new gadgets, but they don't really feel like an improvement over AC's combat. There's also a few new types of thugs, but they aren't too special. Movement across the map is also uncomfortable; while the city is bigger, there seems to be less options for traversing it, as I often found myself with no place to grapple onto. As for the boss battles, well, I'm not entirely sure. They're mostly good, but they also seem to rely heavily on QTE-like sequences. Something I really liked where the crime scene portions, as it allowed you to play the role of the ""World's Best Detective"", which Batman is known for.The map is pretty big, but it's not entirely new. Half of it consists of Arkham City's map, or what its location looked like before turning into a prison. I'd say it's nice to see the before and after, but still, the fact that a huge portion of the game takes place in a familiar location feels somewhat dissapointing. There's also a huge bridge, which is kind of a pain to move across, and the new section, which is similar in size to the Arkham City portion, doesn't feel unique enough. Still, I must say they did a good job in keeping the style of Gotham City, and it looks pretty good. That brings me to another point: the graphics. I must say they're amazingly good; this game looks great. And the soundtrack is pretty awesome as well, the Christmas Carol that sounds during a certain portion of the game is simply great.Now, I think this review might feel a bit too negative, considering all I've mentioned. Even then, I feel that, despite its flaws (including general buggyness), Arkham Origins is still a pretty solid game. It might not be the best in the Arkham franchise, and there might be some continuity issues, but I think that, on its own, it stands as a very good game."
76561198079061265,Recommended,209000,33678730,Posted: 20 July,all,Ashcroft,"Improved prequel for Arkham Asylum and Arkham City with improved gameplay, entertaining story, many villians and creepier-looking Joker. Recomended.For better review, check Arkham City one."
,Not Recommended,209000,15193575,"Posted: 3 April, 2015",all,ridleysamus,"Even when patched, the game is still a bland, uninteresting mess. Ugh. Where do I begin? They replaced the sound effects for the combat system so that it sounds like punching bean bags rather than breaking a guy's arm when in combat. Batman talks like he has a stick up his♥♥♥♥♥ I think that this game's biggest sin was how they built up hype for the Deathstroke fight and just essentially turned him into a QTE fight. The only nice things that I can say is that they handled Bane slightly better than Arkham Asylum did and that it's not the worst game of that year. It's just one big dissapointment. I really hope Arkham Knight makes up for it in the future."
76561198006742616,Recommended,209000,9651007,"Posted: 28 March, 2014",all,CalibrationHero,"While mostly a slap-together job compared to much more solid Arkham City, this game does offer incredible acting. If you, for whatever reason, want more Joker in your life, as well as other classic batman villains, you're in for a treat.Although if you've played Asylum and City, quite a few other things will probably disappoint you, gameplay- and scenario-wise."
76561198078915222,Not Recommended,209000,9773969,"Posted: 9 April, 2014",all,Fantasma en la Concha,"The only reason not to illegaly download this game is MP, and since MP is so crappy to the point where you spend 40 mins waiting on a loading screen (connection to steam dropped error) i DONT RECOMMEND THIS GAME."
,Not Recommended,209000,24094103,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,bStreets,"Won't launch anymore, very disappointed."
,Recommended,209000,7484646,"Posted: 26 October, 2013",all,gehasuperman,"рекомендую) Очень затягивать, реал интересно))"
76561198052896474,Recommended,209000,29410419,Posted: 21 January,all,☢Deanio,Good game i really ennjoyed the storyline
,Recommended,209000,29448669,Posted: 23 January,all,McCreep,The not so perfect Batman game
76561198049183091,Recommended,209000,29422555,Posted: 22 January,all,CanisLupus4285,"The weakest of the first three Arkham games, but still worth a play. The boss fights are a much higher standard than those in the previous games, and while it doesn't add anything else hugely new, it's fun just to play as Batman with the fantastic Arkham mechanics once again."
,Recommended,209000,29349629,Posted: 18 January,all,RaDi04cTiV3,Its still Batman.. i cant look away!!!
,Recommended,209000,13235729,"Posted: 5 December, 2014",all,Elfezen,"I dont know why they say that this game ruined Arkham series its better than both Arkham Asylum and Arkham City in any comparison villains, story , graphics + it has multiplayer."
,Not Recommended,209000,16534784,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,Feyling,"This is a poor clone of Arkham City and a garbage can of lost potentials. The whole of Gotham and all your boss encounters are same as the previous game and even the Cold Cold Heart DLC doesn't give a different approach for the same Mr. Freeze encounter. And the worst part of it: The game crashes constantly, in every ten minutes and it drived me crazy. Like every time, every playthrough, every day. And it's a huge problem, lots of other players have the same and there's no real solution. I hit so many forums, read many pages but couldn't solve it. And the ♥♥♥♥ers at WB won't do anything, they said they won't do any bug fixes other then solving the problems that makes the game unfinishable. Guys? I can't play the game because of constant crashes, isn't it worth working on it? No? Then ♥♥♥♥ you WB Montreal.You shouldn't buy this game, not for it's a poor clone of a game but for WB, that they don't respect their customers!"
,Recommended,209000,15844969,"Posted: 15 May, 2015",all,JanTheHuman,IM BATMAN ! :batsilo:
76561198075138125,Not Recommended,209000,23194713,"Posted: 24 May, 2016",all,Redeemed,"So many annoying bugs.  Hire some QA people for goodness sakes.  Original story, but the rest of the game (mechanics, models, weapons, etc) is just copied from previous games.A little advice:  Buy this game super cheap.  Play only the main storyline.  Gathering the riddler trophies is a complete waste of time."
,Not Recommended,209000,15780317,"Posted: 10 May, 2015",all,TaTa,"WB is one of the shadiest, greediest, most unscrupulous game publishers out there. And Arkham Origins is clearly one of the saddest examples of their lack of etics.Nevermind that Arkham Origins suffers from a clear case of Precuelitis... trying to make connections with the other previous games by loosely connecting stories in ways that fails to create any real interest or investment from the players.Nevermind that at it's core, Arkham Origins is pretty much Arkham City with very little in terms of game innovation or level design. The only real changes are the ""Crime Scenes"" (which basically is to locate something that's signaled in red... so it's not like you actually ""do"" or ""decide"" anything) and the fact that the map is huge... a map that looks and feels like Arkham City.Nevermind that the challenges are uninspired and the multiplayer is bad.The game has game breaking bugs.Two years after its release, you can still get stuck forever on certain parts of the map and because of the autosave feature, you will never be able to get out. Your only real choice is to start again, loosing all your game progress.Warner Brothers got a real chance to do something here and instead they release a broken game, putting the priority in making more DLCs than on fixing bugs.I will never purchase anything from WB again. These guys can go to hell."
76561198032153024,Not Recommended,209000,16108374,"Posted: 31 May, 2015",all,Tosin Ayoyinka Ababa,The game is just outright boring. it lacks some element that Arkham Asylum and City had.
76561198035565190,Not Recommended,209000,9331356,"Posted: 3 March, 2014",all,Ramppaaja,"If you have played the first two arkham games, I recommend you to not play this one, there is nothing new here for you.If however you haven't played any of the Arkham games, then just go play the first two. You can get them for a cheaper price, and you'll get far more bang for your buck."
76561198110571901,Recommended,209000,13010251,"Posted: 19 November, 2014",all,bgray9054,"Fantastic game. Great story, perfect combat system, great graphics. There isn't anything I didn't like about this game."
76561198040476475,Not Recommended,209000,13689421,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,Smokey,This game are impossible to play with all these game bugs :/constantly the story will not proceed or you fall under the ground and get stuck in the groundor a enemy suddenly flies up in the sky while game wants you to beat him before the story can continueall these bugs +more i did experience in those 30 minutes i was playing = not worth a buyps. none of the other Batman games have bugs as you see in this game andBatman arkham city looks better and got better textures!
,Recommended,209000,11908288,"Posted: 29 August, 2014",all,Mr Larson,I finnaly got to be Batman! And i got the good ending too! :)
76561197967803498,Not Recommended,209000,21203655,"Posted: 14 February, 2016",all,_FlyingM_,"Game does not work. Period.I don't get it, this game is over 2 years old and it is simply unplayable due to gamebreaking glitches (just google endless fall glitch) and apparently the devs are not interested in fixing this. I tried different suggestions from the community which helped me for the first time when the game messed up but now I'm stuck for good and nothing helps.The game itself looks pretty much like the previous 2 titles so I'd say it's nothing too special, it even takes place in the same location as the last one, Arkham City."
,Not Recommended,209000,26469686,"Posted: 6 November, 2016",all,ROdNEY,"Origins is the worst game from Batman franchise. Graphics is plain, poor and grey. Town not only feels abandoned but it actually is by people and riddles. It is complete opposite from rich and colorful Arkham City game.Still even bad batman game is not that bad game at the end, just worse in its series."
,Recommended,209000,9087975,"Posted: 13 February, 2014",all,Hanzo,this game is best in batman series
76561198108964700,Recommended,209000,16119126,"Posted: 1 June, 2015",all,The Jehovah Hunter,"Batman doesn't kill....... but he does viciously breaks someones back, repeatedly punch them in the head and snap their neck just to ""knock them out"""
,Not Recommended,209000,23840679,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,Enzo Gorlami,"not exactly a bad game, but definitely the worst of the series....theres a lot of ledges that you cant grapple unto..a total shoehorning joker introduction..and theres some of the plots that dont match up with the previous games..'meh'-ish at best"
76561198030455813,Not Recommended,209000,16109723,"Posted: 31 May, 2015",all,arthurh3535,Damn cheating bosses like Deathstroke the Terminator aren't fun. Too bad that's the only way they know how to make 'challenge'.
76561198178701073,Recommended,209000,30584938,Posted: 17 March,all,ElenA,so Good to play
76561198081614663,Recommended,209000,29808041,Posted: 9 February,all,Solaire Bro,"I think this is the best Arkham game. Many people laugh when I say that. Look, I'm not a hipster. I'm simply of the opinion that it has...1. The Best Story of the Series (not even close)2. The Best Boss Fights of the Series (in terms of mechanics)^ That should be more than enough reason to grab this on sale at the very least. Please don't buy into the negative reviews... it was a crash grab done by a separate company late in the last console life cycle. This is true. However, that doesn't reflect in the actual quality of the experience. It's a completely separate issue.The game is great."
76561198148075281,Not Recommended,209000,31799706,Posted: 16 May,all,OFFICIAL Neil Breen,its ♥♥♥♥ing broken
,Recommended,209000,31258690,Posted: 20 April,all,Skully,For the fans
,Recommended,209000,23010357,"Posted: 15 May, 2016",all,Arwing :3,"I was afraid when I had buy the game, but now, I really love it :D !The voices are very good and the gameplay is pretty nice tooThe only think I dislike is the little bug when your inventory is invisible :/My note : 17.5/20"
76561198041150422,Not Recommended,209000,22002649,"Posted: 23 March, 2016",all,Trollitar,"Decent game, great story, but still has crippling bugs.  I was able to overlook the first bug that popped up with no sound whatsoever going through the first tower to restore batwing fast travel, but the most recent in my progression has left me frustrated to stop playing it entirely.  In the section just before the first meeting with Deathstroke, I completed it, achieving a level up and the challenge of not being seen at the same time.  I let it save, then quit the game.  When I reloaded, the enemies were gone from the room, but the challenge was marked as incomplete and I lost all xp from it as well.  All that was left was the NPC I had to talk to.  After beating Deathstroke, the game would not change areas when I tried to leave the room, so progress was completely halted.  Oh, and the map stopped working after that, too.  Not that it's needed for one room anyway.Is a working game too much to ask for?*Edit*  After updating to the latest Vulkan beta drivers for ATI over the weekend, the game runs just as well as the first two in the series.  I restarted the game entirely and there were no issues this time, except graphically after several hours, and one constant bug of having to switch to the overworld map then back to the inside location I was in to get its map to show up.  Since the game takes place on a reskinned Arkham City map, I wasn't surprised that some of the riddler trophies/data packs were in the exact same spot, along with several puzzles as well being exactly the same.  I'm sure  some of the transmitters were in the same location of the Tyger cameras from the last game as well.  I'm still in early game, but nothing has been too challenging so far, after getting good and beating Arkham City."
76561198109607702,Not Recommended,209000,22308629,"Posted: 8 April, 2016",all,Sir Jeff Cena,Do not get this game for pc. It wouldn't suprise me if this had been converted by high schoolers working part-time. One of the first few missions is broken and can't be beaten or skipped due to a control glitch. I really hope you take my warning.
76561197973813272,Not Recommended,209000,35021020,Posted: 17 September,all,Sansire,"Arkham City was better. This is only a story addition and even a downgrade in some aspects. Nothing really new to experience.Its not a bad game, but its not a good Arkham (pre) sequel.When you already played Arkham City, its not worthing. Otherwise, take it.My favourites:1. Arkham City2. Arkham Asylum3. Arkham Origins(Arkham Knight is on todo)"
,Recommended,209000,35301612,Posted: 29 September,all,Batman,Underrated game compared to other Batman games.
,Not Recommended,209000,18522867,"Posted: 17 October, 2015",all,Adrock,"Doesn't live up to the other games, get it on sale."
,Not Recommended,209000,16549992,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,li.u,"Too buggy for my taste.I picked this up during the sale. Going by the sizeable amount of negative reviews, I already went in with pretty low expectations. Then I got to the tutrial boss and died a couple of times (combination of hard mode and me sucking). That's when the boss decided to flicker like crazy, the sound cut off and after a while the screen blacked out. The problem could be quickly fixed by simply reloading the last checkpoint. But while attempting to beat the boss, I noticed that the same thing kept happing about 1 in 3 times.Since this seemed indicative of the poor state of the game (and keeping the bad customer feedback in mind), I decided to get a refund, rather than trying to play around a slew of bugs. Now, I'm not saying that you can't finish the game or that you won't have some fun doing it, but I  a) don't feel like putting up with a poorly tested game and  b) don't want to support a developer/publisher/whoever is to blame that refuses to fix its own game."
,Recommended,209000,25710690,"Posted: 26 September, 2016",all,Mykkse,Playing with a keyboard is pretty hard :S
,Not Recommended,209000,23918723,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,fascism,I will give you 2 reasons not to buy this game:1. It has alot of crash2.It's basically arkham city 2.0
76561198009609371,Not Recommended,209000,17745883,"Posted: 27 August, 2015",all,laughing_man,I really wanted to enjoy this one but game breaking bugs made it impossible for me to finish it. Also I lost all my progress because you are limited to one save file and autosaves. I got trapped beneath the world where the game autosaved and there is no fix to this. I tried a lot of stuff that supposedly fixes this issue but nothing worked. My only option would be to lose all the progress I made and start from the beginning. Not worth my time and money. I wish steam refunds was a thing when I bought this piece of broken crap.
,Not Recommended,209000,17688445,"Posted: 23 August, 2015",all,Deku,♥♥♥♥♥iest Level design ever. Tried to complete this game 3 times now. Eveytime if stop playing it after playing a while.-♥♥♥♥♥♥ level design-♥♥♥♥♥♥ and boring boss fights with nothing but quick time events.-full of bugs.-extrememly repetetive.Please if your money and time has any value to you dont buy this game
,Not Recommended,209000,24116895,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,PHENOMENAL COSMIC POWER!!!,"Definitely the worst of the games (I haven't played Arkham Knight, so not sure about that). It's definitely a downgrade from Arkham Asylum/City. The story is good. Don't buy it for the full 20 dollars, i'd honestly wait for a sale when it's 5.00. New villains, big area is good, but there are some things that don't match with the storylines from the others even though it is a prequel. The interface is also very confusing."
76561198008941081,Not Recommended,209000,15643805,"Posted: 1 May, 2015",all,Drizzt,"Don't buy this game!!! It's waste of money. I played several hours and the game suddenly stopped work. It freezes after trying to launch game from menu. I tried it month later and it's even worse. Even the menu goes in less than 10 fps, screen is blinking and after minute game falls.I'm really angry because I love this franchise, total zero support, shame on developers!"
,Not Recommended,209000,18131986,"Posted: 21 September, 2015",all,gunsage,"I wish there was a way to provide a number rating rather than a simple yes or no.  Arkham Origins is definitely the weakest of the 3 Arkham games that I have played.  On the one hand, you could say that if you play them in order (Origins, Asylum, then City) that it would get progressively better to the point of getting a bat boner...and that's fine.  Origins suffers from just plain bad design.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WUKzd4dxhXsThe map is too large.  It's large for the sake of being large.  With the other Arkham games, the maps were large, but they were chock full of interesting content.  This was an obvious cash-in title, so while there are things that I like, the game focuses way too much on collectibles to the point I thought this was Banjo-Kazooie.  Riddler trophies range from stupidly simple to annoying.At least in Arkham City even the easy trophies required a bit of puzzle elements to navigate through.  Most of the easy trophies in this game involve randomly tripping over them or shocking something, then just pick it up or whatever.  But by far the worst part of this game, and I'm going to try to be as spoiler free as possible, is the final villain.  Such an obvious choice after presenting so many different characters that only the most diehard Batman fans will know about (Firefly, Deathstroke, Shiva, Black Mask, Electrocutioner, etc.).And the events leading up to the final fight?  What, a brute fight with advanced enemies, an advanced enemy mob fight, a repeat of the Mr. Freeze fight from Arkham City but not as good, then a couple of counters and a stupid beatdown sequence.  It wasn't bad enough that the game had a higher encounter rate than older Final Fantasy titles or that it was obviously trying desperately to be Arkham City and falling WAY short, then they completely screw up the final act like that.I won't say to save your money.  It's still part of the Arkham series and is actually fun.  Just keep in mind that it's a very weak entry.  I'm still looking forward to Arkham Knight and even the 2.5D Blackgate game, but I've heard they also aren't that great.  If you don't own Arkham Asylum and City, get those instead.  If you own them already and you're REALLY desperate for more content AND this game is on sale...yeah, okay, then I would get it."
76561197973524615,Recommended,209000,15990507,"Posted: 24 May, 2015",all,Shadowslasher,♥♥♥♥ Yeah I'm Batman :)!
,Not Recommended,209000,21594723,"Posted: 2 March, 2016",all,GENE•SIS,"This was not at all a bad game, it had a nice story, I love the Villan Black Mask, and Batman is classic as usual.This game would've been a HeIIa lot better if there was no lag. The lag ruined the whole damm experience for me and I only played an hour of it before I just got sick of it, and before it crashed my computer... Maybe it's just me but I have a bad feeling this is happening to everyone."
76561198086396620,Recommended,209000,9411047,"Posted: 10 March, 2014",all,R E B I R T H,cool game man.
76561198172355057,Not Recommended,209000,19483800,"Posted: 4 December, 2015",all,mtwkl27,this game is nice the batsuit is♥♥♥♥♥♥also the gadgets look idont recommend this game because if u play any arkham game the graphics wont be bad and♥♥♥♥♥♥like  arkham origins so dont buy it its not even worth 19.99 plus in online u dont find anyone playing u barely find a lobby so dont buy it not recommend
,Recommended,209000,19988907,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,Hezzadude12,"I don't understand what people have against this game, it's absolutely amazing! It has a great origin story to it, and it plays very similarly to Arkham City, which is a brilliant game. The campaign is only about 9 or so hours on a first run through, but it really is 9 hours of awesomeness! I highly recommend to anybody who has loved the other games in the series!"
,Not Recommended,209000,12008713,"Posted: 6 September, 2014",all,dongus,Don't Play this Trash Really ba an boring
,Recommended,209000,9377390,"Posted: 7 March, 2014",all,Psyclone,You get to slam your electrified fist on a dying old man's chest10/10 would recommend
76561198085829582,Recommended,209000,9463576,"Posted: 13 March, 2014",all,olinrd,"I love the open world feel of the game. Next to Skyrim and New Vegas, this is one of the best pc games I've played in a very long time."
,Recommended,209000,9126748,"Posted: 15 February, 2014",all,kobihr,Game and movie togeather!
,Not Recommended,209000,14864345,"Posted: 13 March, 2015",all,oof,Not as good as Arkham Asylum and Arkham Knight
,Not Recommended,209000,16037544,"Posted: 28 May, 2015",all,Kaspariano,Like the previous Arkham games but significantly worse. Not really worthy when the other titles are significantly better.
45678912311111111,Recommended,209000,7933179,"Posted: 5 December, 2013",all,Dramamine,"It's pretty much a reskin of City, but that's a good thing."
,Recommended,209000,9319649,"Posted: 2 March, 2014",all,Turtle Wrangler Billy,good game
76561198215061561,Recommended,209000,18190717,"Posted: 25 September, 2015",all,THE WATCHER,rilly cool game just wish all dc villens wer in it
76561198081465960,Recommended,209000,33124440,Posted: 2 July,all,Nut Rition,gut
,Recommended,209000,32904137,Posted: 27 June,all,Davos ☦,a
76561198102010903,Not Recommended,209000,17086021,"Posted: 16 July, 2015",all,Nickjet45,"Took me less then 30 minutes to realize this game isnt worth 20 dollars best would be to get it on a discount,controls were poorly changed from controller infact you would think to sprint you press shift but on here you hold space ;p."
,Recommended,209000,26917639,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Urgo,"We need more games like this for Christmas time. There is nothing better than kick some asses during Christmas eve, dressed like Batman. Except kicking them during New Year's eve."
,Not Recommended,209000,32063464,Posted: 30 May,all,Snapper,"More of the same from previous two games. Sure there a few new gadgets, but they don't add much to the combat, which is 90% of the gameplay. The boss fights feel boring compared to previous games. May be I remembered wrong, but I believe in arkhma asylum and city I had to learn the bosses' attack pattern, whereas in Origins I could rush right in and attack the bosses as long as I respond to the counterattack cues correctly."
76561198091158424,Recommended,209000,8814619,"Posted: 22 January, 2014",all,Your Average Savage,"Really fun game, little sad that there wasnt really any character developement on any of the assasins"
,Recommended,209000,9050860,"Posted: 10 February, 2014",all,Attarou,You get to be Batman and solve mysteries.
,Recommended,209000,9084008,"Posted: 13 February, 2014",all,TheDandyGuy,More fun then dead parents.
76561198012706035,Recommended,209000,9039921,"Posted: 9 February, 2014",all,Sourdiezel,"Great game.There are some bugs in the game that required me to exit and restart.  Storyline was excellent, definitely gonna checkout the downloadable content."
76561198003894607,Not Recommended,209000,12016036,"Posted: 7 September, 2014",all,Punisher,PIECE OF♥♥♥♥♥♥ It worked fine and now doesnt even start up. Deleted various files and folders to no avail. ♥♥♥♥ you very much WB. Keep making movies.
76561198136928175,Recommended,209000,29617461,Posted: 31 January,all,[BBQ]MrOnur,good game but hard boss
76561198054629343,Recommended,209000,7476000,"Posted: 25 October, 2013",all,Insomnia,This game Rises!A+++
76561198025193591,Not Recommended,209000,21827569,"Posted: 13 March, 2016",all,Kedz,"Absolutely the worst in the series.  Combat is clunky.  And then there's Deathstroke.  1st real boss fight, and ranks among the poorest designed, cheesiest fights in video game history.  Even hours after beating him, the♥♥♥♥♥♥design of that fight was enough to make me just say 'screw it' and uninstall without finishing it.If i Hadn't picked up the whole Arkham set for pennies on a humble bundle i'd be much more♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥Stay far away from this turd."
,Recommended,209000,24025087,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,WarLord481,definitly a great game and its a great buy when its on sale
,Recommended,209000,20737862,"Posted: 24 January, 2016",all,YummyBacon,DODODOODODODODOD BATMAN!!!! Fps goes low. There's only one man to the job. Batman!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! When the game starts freezing! Batman!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
,Recommended,209000,9124126,"Posted: 15 February, 2014",all,DevIouS,its the best game ever a little long but very good
76561197990305348,Not Recommended,209000,24544927,"Posted: 26 July, 2016",all,Lime Icing,"This game is an absolute disgrace to the Arkham franchise. It's not that it's a bad game per se, but it's so aggressively mediocre that it just feels like a pile of♥♥♥♥♥♥compared to Asylum and City; both of which are fenomenal games.In Origins however, they've managed to worsen all the aspects I liked about the other two. The combat seems less fluid, the story stiffer, the side quests more meaningless, the level design more flat, the overall game more linear, and worst of all: the stealth enounters are utterly ruined by the AI going from (in Asylum and City) being more or less vertically blind (unless using the infrared goggles to scan vantage points or having spotted you before you attempted to swoop away) to having eyes in the back of their necks. The stealth challenge used to be based on excellent level design and the number of dumb goons; not the ability of said goons.The few new mechanics I've come across in my time with the game seem both clumsily implemented and unnecessary. The ""martial artist"" enemy type and crime scene ""investigation"" in particular.If you didn't play the previous two, this might be a good game. If you're like me, who played Asylum (twice) and City, and loved them, you're probably going to hate this game too. I've had enough after 9 hours, so I'm going on to Knight with crossed fingers that it's going to feel like successor to City, and not an Arkham game from 2004, like Origins does."
76561198344116906,Recommended,209000,31405936,Posted: 27 April,all,Suryasovich,Good Game!!
76561198105543715,Recommended,209000,22814740,"Posted: 5 May, 2016",all,AndrewJ,I want my monies back BATMAN doesn't do Orgies in this false adtisermnets 10/10.
76561198012235333,Not Recommended,209000,21874799,"Posted: 16 March, 2016",all,Loremonger,"Okay game but not as good as Arkham Asylum or Arkham City.  It just seems like more of the same, which isn't entirely bad but it isn't really worth getting."
,Not Recommended,209000,22402953,"Posted: 13 April, 2016",all,mentatparadigm,"If you've played the first two games, you're not missing out by skipping Arkham Origins. It's not a bad game by any means but it feels more like an expansion pack for Arkham City. With the recycled envrionments and scenarios, you'll definitely have a few moments of Déjà Vu - right down the requisite trippy dream sequence. The villains are second rate, calling the story ""predictable"" would be an understatement, and it just doesn't bring anything new to the franchise.Credit where credit's due, though - I enjoyed the Red Hood segment that was ripped straight from the pages of The Killing Joke. Only buy this if it's cheap, you've played all the other Arkham games, and you're really hankering for some more Batman."
,Recommended,209000,25065481,"Posted: 21 August, 2016",all,Toxxic,I got this game for the dlc and multiplayer I really love it the multiplayer is surprisingly still alive I really do like this game and I recommend it to any Batman fan. :)
,Recommended,209000,30727475,Posted: 25 March,all,Kaiie,"The game was alright, it's not as good as the other batman games, if you're not sure which ones to get, I would advise to pass on this one.It's still a Batman game, it's still good overall, but as others say, it's the black sheep."
76561197963714868,Recommended,209000,28653321,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,"Shiftless, two bit, jungle bum!",im batman
,Not Recommended,209000,15996138,"Posted: 25 May, 2015",all,Mah name mah jeffff.,game was stoppworking when first boss fightnot can even play it anymore. ♥♥♥♥♥♥Is this y it saleS.
,Recommended,209000,28786296,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,Brendy Wendy,It's like arkham city but it's better and the open world free-roam part of it is actually good
,Recommended,209000,16668332,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,PizzaPal,Its now even the Origins of Arkham
76561198127065652,Not Recommended,209000,16718756,"Posted: 26 June, 2015",all,Lionsalley,"This third installment in the Batman Arkham franchise is set in years before the events of Aslyum and City, is not that different from Batman Arkham City. The game starts good with a story of Black Mask hiring eight assassins to kill the Batman; however, later on the game loses it's touch after the player realises that you actually fight only five out of the eight assassins, since two of them are not-so-good side missions, and the other one is beat in a cutscene. the real fun parts in the game, for me atleast, was the Deathstroke boss battle, and analyzing crime scenes with Batman's detective vision. Apart from that, I didn't find that much fun in the game or side missions.When it comes to performance, the game isn't that good. there are constant bugs and glitches during the game, which didn't bother me too much until it came to the gliding being glitched. I would reccommend buying Batman: Arkham origins if you're a fan of the Arkham franchise, but not at full price, buy it if there's a sale for it"
76561198034078081,Not Recommended,209000,16575152,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,GoldCobra,"It's basicly Batman : Arkham City, renamed to Batman : Arkham Origins."
76561198018400940,Not Recommended,209000,15541083,"Posted: 25 April, 2015",all,JJRII,Hard to believe they put so much work into this game and neglected something as simple as responsive controls. It's like trying to protect Gotham with a ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ Batman.
,Recommended,209000,15161309,"Posted: 1 April, 2015",all,barnun,"My absolute favorite part about this game is its intuitiveness, I have played this game's predecessors but this really blew me away. Right from the start you are met by laggy logos, then after 30 seconds of those you get a black screen, leading to a window that says ""Batman: Arkham Origins has stopped working."" Never before have a seen such a daring mechanic in an open-world game before this. 10/10"
76561197970492702,Not Recommended,209000,15527003,"Posted: 24 April, 2015",all,Dr. Cogent,"This game is a piling steam of SH%T. It's buggy as heck. The audio cuts out when I play it. Most games run fine on my machine without an issue, but this game obviously wasn't tested enough. Bobble head tested, idiot approved."
76561198124797905,Not Recommended,209000,18096598,"Posted: 19 September, 2015",all,.......,controller error can't play!
76561198065817797,Not Recommended,209000,18083369,"Posted: 18 September, 2015",all,eyalpatihi,U DONT GET SUPPURT FROM WB IF U HAVE A PROBLEM WITH THE GAME! for exaple: if u drop out of the map u cant return to the same spot and u will force to START THE GAME ALL OVER AGINE!
76561197967163001,Not Recommended,209000,18089882,"Posted: 18 September, 2015",all,Batman,unplayable garbage
,Not Recommended,209000,18100325,"Posted: 19 September, 2015",all,Holasoy,game is a bugfest
76561198105686909,Not Recommended,209000,28350833,"Posted: 13 December, 2016",all,pug987,"This game is full of bugs. A ton of minor ones, a couple of really annoying ones, nothing game breaking but enough to make anyone without a ton of patience rage quit. Which is a shame because if you take out the bugs what remains is a game better than Arkham City. Better story, better writing, better pacing, not as interesting city but much less of a pain to navigate. In other circumstances I would recommend it. As it is though it is an exercise in frustration and can't but give it a hands down."
,Recommended,209000,15935064,"Posted: 21 May, 2015",all,✪HeronBlue,10/10 would fight Deathstroke again
,Recommended,209000,34618379,Posted: 30 August,all,PolarFox,If Deadpool was black and not funny this was by like .
,Not Recommended,209000,19510348,"Posted: 5 December, 2015",all,RAGTOPSTANG,"Utter (*&^ compared to the first two games in the series.Good on its own.If you want to like it, do not play the rest of the series."
,Recommended,209000,7751983,"Posted: 25 November, 2013",all,Agent ɳerf,Awesome game to the Batman series!!
76561198082565023,Not Recommended,209000,15603668,"Posted: 28 April, 2015",all,Bunjy,"This is a tough one, I am not sure that I can recommend Arkham Origins, but then again I am not sure that I disliked it enough to not recommend it. So I'll say this, if you are a die hard Batman fan pick up this game.There was something about it that I didn't particularly like. The design and the attitude is so different to the others that it does not work as it's own game and suffers for being compared to Asylum and City. The missions can be tedious, the characters are dull and by the numbers. As for the pacing it just ends with out any satisying conclusion, it forces you into continuing past the end of the main campaign making the collection of all the riddler trophies, anarky tags and plaques a chore. I will say that the ridder origin is alright, but the rest of the story and design does not fit with the gothic and slightly more comic book art style of the other two games.All in all it is up to you, I cannot tell you to get it as it was a forgetable game that past the time, the worst thing a game could be."
,Not Recommended,209000,34423263,Posted: 22 August,all,Ernie0013,Of the entire Batman Arkham series this one is easily the worst. It's a copy-paste job of Arkham City and very buggy. I recently replayed it hoping the bugs would have been ironed out. I quit playing after it crashed to desktop two times in two hours. It's clear Rocksteady has better QA than WB Games Montreal. Avoid this one. Get Arkham City or Arkham Knight.
,Not Recommended,209000,17672763,"Posted: 22 August, 2015",all,Scarcely Ugly,"Honestly, just bad. I tried. I tried to make it run. It just doesn't work."
,Not Recommended,209000,17623455,"Posted: 19 August, 2015",all,lankypc,"Just going to keep this fairly brief.FIRST OF ALL I HOPE THIS COMMENT WILL STAY ATLEAST ON THE FIRST PAGE OF THE REVIEWS TO HELP PEOPLE UNDERSTAND THAT THIS GAME STILL HAVE SOME MAJOR BUGS,If you are a fan of the previous Batman Arkham games than you will like this, its a great narrative experience with awesome combat gameplay that is possibly unrivalled in its type of genre; (better than Assassin's Creed IMO).However if you are a completionist like me, * well I try to be* then this will annoy the *** out of you.To start IN MY EXPERIENCE with the game you will not be able to get all the trophies/ all the content from defeating enemies and you will not be able to 100% complete the game.The training module in the batcave gives me black screens and dont load, so I am not able to get a achievment for that, The sidemission for a villian DOES NOT load even after trying this more than 3 times, the game will just black screen and crash.This post from over a year and a half explains that the developers of the game will not fix this BROKEN GAME and instead focus on DLC, this is a ridiculous excuse to all people who bought this game and i will never buy the DLC or any future games from the developers WB Games Montreal and Splash Damage as they clearly dont respect their customers.http://metro.co.uk/2014/02/10/warner-refuses-to-patch-batman-arkham-origins-makes-new-dlc-instead-4297528/"
76561198299923281,Not Recommended,209000,33400603,Posted: 9 July,all,DeathDealer,"what some advice? buy this on Console never on PC. People who make games like this do not optimize that well for PC, this game is♥♥♥♥♥♥on PC because of how many bugs it has"
,Not Recommended,209000,32601814,Posted: 20 June,all,vizibal,"The first few hours were awesome, beating up thugs as THE Batman, gaining XP from collectibles, upgrading my armor and gadgets. Felt like a real badass.Then the problems started to surface. Every time I tried to beat down an armored enemy, another common foe interfered. Counter, initiate the beatdown again, punch one and get interrupted again. After. Every. Punch. Then they got rifles and swarmed the rooftops, gliding and grappling became a nightmare (I naively believed Batman was supposed to be that, not the other way around). Especially when the grappler fired in unexpected directions (backwards for example). The second boss fight was a real pain in the axx, I got knocked out twice in a fully upgraded armor (early in the story). Many frustrating bossfights later I unlocked theshock gloves, and fights became enjoyable again as I could punch any enemy regardless of their class. That didn't last long as the confrontation withBaneand his seemingly endless henchmen took all the fun out of the game in a minute. But hey, at least the same annoying encounter was repeated again later in the story. All the boss fights revolved around counters and QTE. The final nail in the coffin is the challenge system: you have to complete specific feats in a specific order to get more gadget unlocks. Some of those are tied to a specific point in the story, if you failed to complete it then (or better yet, the game failed to register that you did), your next chance was in New Game+. No way to replay a mission or reload an earlier checkpoint.If I want to describe this game with one word, it is FRUSTRATING."
,Not Recommended,209000,15300916,"Posted: 10 April, 2015",all,GreenRaccoon,"I don't recommend this game full heartedly and here's why.I beat the game once, then started playing it again in new game plus. I reached nearly the end of the game again then I came across a game breaking glitch. I press a button, and a door doesn't open that should be opening. I looked it up and other people had this same problem, or simular problems because there are apperantly tons of other game breaking glitches. I'd have to start the game entirely over again if I wanted to beat the game on new game plus (Which I don't have the time for so I'm not going to ever beat this game which is a shame).This game does some things right though. The boss battles were very well done in my opinion, with some of the best brawling bosses in the series (Not stealth, that would be Mr. Freeze hands down). They do try to expand on gameplay even if some of the things they've added were overpowering and felt like you were cheating if you used them (Electric gloves, Fast travel, etc.). The writing was immersive enough, even if it didn't follow through on it's hook. The dective mode was vissually nice and was fun to peice together sometimes, though it does boil down to be a scavenger hunt.This game does not live up to the standards of the other games though. The Arkham games are well known for being detailed games with easter eggs hidden on every street, flowing gameplay mechanics, a game without bugs (For the most part), and games with extremely immersive stories.This game is a good game, but it doesn't not live up to the detail to the previous games. So realisticly I could have recommended it, even if it didn't live up to the standards, but this game has several game breaking bugs in it, so it's not really recommendable. Chances are, you'll play this game and have to start over at some point because this game isn't very well made. So again, I can't recommend this game full heartedly, but it's not a bad game."
76561198009827178,Not Recommended,209000,17693178,"Posted: 24 August, 2015",all,Jack Daniels,"This game is very inferior, when compared to previous titles. It wasn't done by Rocksteady, either. What's worse, is that it never got a GOTY or whatever-the-hell-named COMPLETE edition, in one package, under the same price, which means that it is an abyssmal, chaotic mess, of mutilated DLCs flying around, overpriced too... Full of bugs, also. I regret money ever spent on it."
,Not Recommended,209000,16937735,"Posted: 7 July, 2015",all,SeekNDstroy,A ♥♥♥♥♥♥ GAME IF U HAVE AN AMD A8 QUAD COREthe game crashed after 8% fix it someone and WB customer care sucks alot not a reply after reported MONTH still no reply from WB customer care
,Recommended,209000,29365213,Posted: 19 January,all,CrazySeanDX,"It's a lot better than people claim it to be. It feels like it is considered bad because it isn't developed by RockSteady, which is an ignorant thing to say."
76561198037523875,Recommended,209000,14813616,"Posted: 9 March, 2015",all,R-G-H-!,You can play as deathStroke42/10
76561198115840683,Not Recommended,209000,15989258,"Posted: 24 May, 2015",all,The_Mayor,"I got the infinite  earths skin pack, and i didnt unlock the robin suit online, and it doesnt let you play as anyone but deathstroke and batman"
76561198022225421,Recommended,209000,15989839,"Posted: 24 May, 2015",all,Antimatter42,"If you liked arkham city, this is more of it. Worth a go until Arkham Knight is released"
,Not Recommended,209000,17348706,"Posted: 2 August, 2015",all,Busy,"Now I know why everyone claimed this was the worst one in the series. It's clunky, buggy, somewhat ugly compared to the old ones and... rather empty. You can skip this one and You'll lose nothing."
,Recommended,209000,11555469,"Posted: 4 August, 2014",all,Superscooter,There's no reason to play this unless you somehow still wanted more of the same after playing Asylum and City.
,Recommended,209000,10006426,"Posted: 3 May, 2014",all,Shinrawr♥,"I can simply say, if you don't own this game yet: You need too!Graphically stunning and not to rough on your CPU or Graphics card. Gameplay is solid and always keeps you on your toes.This is worth the money, snatch it up if it goes on sale again!"
76561198048562434,Recommended,209000,10007618,"Posted: 3 May, 2014",all,Mr Orgasmo,some same stuff here just differant story yet is fun. yet i encounter some bugs still yet no crashing. graphics are good but some boss battles can be a drag. for open world gma eits great that you can go to the batcave but there needs to be more in this world and this story and if you just do the story it will take you about 10 hours to complete. also multiplayer is awful terrible matchmaking and if you are a gang member you will get your♥♥♥♥♥kicked against batman and robin. buy this game for challenges and stroy but not for mutiplayer.
,Recommended,209000,10016033,"Posted: 4 May, 2014",all,The Purple Pantywaist,"With this game it is easy:Have you played Batman: Arkham City (AC)?-> No, i have not played AC -> Go get AC first. It is a great game, slightly better than this one, and cheaper too.-> Yes, I have played AC and I liked it -> Get Origins. It is basically the same and only slightly worse.-> Yes, I have played AC and I did not like it -> Reallly? Then stay away from Origins,it is basically the same and even slightly worse."
,Recommended,209000,10017310,"Posted: 4 May, 2014",all,Senile Grandpa: Dan,"Batman: Arkham Origins is the unofficial third game in the series, I say unofficial because it wasn't developed by Rocksteady, who made both Arkham Asylum and Arkham City. Most people view Origins in a bad light due to this fact, and there are certain points that feel strange when transitioning from City or Asylum to Origins, for one the sound seems a little off, adjusting to the new voice actor for Batman is a little strange, but you get used to him eventually, the graphics seems somewhat off, not standing up like Cities impressive visuals, however the enviroment designs are beautiful such as Gotham in snow and the hotel and other such locations. Fighting feels off as well, the usually fluid combat feels somewhat strange when the visuals tend to pop weirdly with a filter or two, however it still is the old City style combat so it fits okay within the series.However one of my biggest problems is the lack of variety in characters to play as. Asylum had a single character to play as (Or two depending if you had Joker), which was fine, it was a great game, then City upped the Ante by having Batman, Nightwing, Robin AND Catwoman, each with their own unique fighting styles, Deathstroke, whilst an appreciated addition to a cast list borrows a lot of his moves from Arkham City Robin, which makes him feel less unique in this work, and the third character is simply a variant of Bruce Wayne, from the Initiation DLC. Going from City to origins, you will feel it lacks a lot of the polish and shine that City had, but for being developed by another developer, they did an alright job with what they could, I liked my experiences with the game and would recommend it for someone who has played the other 2 games first. Also, as a side note, the Multiplayer did feel tacked on, and the fun of it lasted a short while. Overall I'd give Batman: Arkham Origins 7/10, It lacks enough spirit and polish to push it beyond City and Asylum, Since it was built upon the foundation laid out by Asylum and City, it doesn't do enough to warrant a higher score, it feels too much the same, however the enviroments are beautifully done and Gotham is really fun to explore around, with this unique look in the usually gothic and gloomy city, it's nice to see a more festive take on the city. Still, as a stand-alone experience, it's stands alright on it's own, I wasn't bored by this, and so I'd recommend it to someone who likes Batman or the DC universe."
76561197968752104,Recommended,209000,10020170,"Posted: 4 May, 2014",all,-=TcG=- sleepdeprived,"very fun game.  although i miss the voice cast from the last game, this voice cast does a terrific job.  if you liked the previous game you will like this one as alot of the game play elements are the same which i thought would make it a bit stale but i still loved it"
,Recommended,209000,10029163,"Posted: 5 May, 2014",all,the Bear,"Look if you like the Arkham games, which I do thoroughly, it's more of that. I mostly had a good time, but even playing it months after release like I did, I encountered a couple game breaking glitches and a handful of just straight up annoying ones. The story wasn't as coherent as the first two Arkham games and there were a lot of oddities in it.That said, I had fun. I mean I got to be Batman for a a few hours. That is always pretty good fun.I'm givinit a 7/10. If you like Arkham games and you like Batman then buy this on a sale and have fun. If you havn't play Arkham Asylum and Arkham City, they're both at least 9/10"
,Recommended,209000,10031769,"Posted: 5 May, 2014",all,Sawyer,If you enjoyed Arkham City you will enjoy this one. My only complaint is the interrogate system dosen't always work. I have to reset it a few time to get the option to appear.
76561198010827363,Recommended,209000,9538317,"Posted: 17 March, 2014",all,SavV,Much better now a few pathces have rolled out...
76561198025666630,Recommended,209000,9539935,"Posted: 18 March, 2014",all,tedwild325,"its games like this which have stopped me paying full price for pc games.about 13% into the story in the exactly the same place this game crashes and because of the saving system thats the end of it, you have to start the whole game again --- $50 for this --- never again,I use and alienware i7 so it not system limitationsIf you can't get it work properly DON'T SELL IT"
,Recommended,209000,9561284,"Posted: 19 March, 2014",all,PenguinNapper,"I love all the games in the Batman series including this one. Easy gameplay with flowing fighting techniques and of course spotlights of different villians. The only thing I didn't like about this game is that it took me significantly longer to get all of the collectibles and side quests done in the other games in the Batman series, and this one only took me about a day or two. Other than that I loved it, especially the boss fights with Bane."
76561198028419732,Recommended,209000,9569404,"Posted: 19 March, 2014",all,Revolt,"I would give this game a 5/10. If I had to choose which Batman game I had to play today, I would choose Batman: Arkam City over this version. The game was  lacking polish and had some glitches, like quick swap gadgets locking during encounters. Game menu needs an overhaul. Quick travel seemed slapped on and not required. I miss the Riddler's jigsaw challenges to save someone that was in Arkam City and his hidden riddles. On the plus side, voice acting was good and the Joker's infactuation with Batman monologue was epic.3 Improvments they could have done: Have a bigger sandbox ie: Assassin's Creed, GTA, Just Cause 2. Batman has some cool vehicles; cars, boats, jets, cycles use them for quests and for gawd sakes start using companion aided fights. Have Catwoman, Green Arrow, Night Wing or Robin help him while in combat and on quests(he doesn't always work alone)."
76561198028054006,Recommended,209000,9288882,"Posted: 28 February, 2014",all,Jack the Tripper,"Best Batman game yet. Lots of wide open freedom, gadgets, and thugs to use em on."
,Recommended,209000,9295441,"Posted: 28 February, 2014",all,UnknownSoldier,Absolutely amazing...
76561198098415862,Recommended,209000,9322883,"Posted: 2 March, 2014",all,Albertoper Harley,Generally the game is fine but is very similar to the 2 previous
76561198102020098,Recommended,209000,9324571,"Posted: 2 March, 2014",all,skygarzzia,its a great game with the mods and gameplay.runs really smooth on intel i3 core so i recommend you to buy this
76561198065080122,Recommended,209000,9331858,"Posted: 3 March, 2014",all,Derrick,Campaign is very long and enjoyable. I wouldn't expect anything less from this franchise.
,Recommended,209000,9332294,"Posted: 3 March, 2014",all,Akhiro,"Lots of fun like the previous games, but there's not a whole lot to do after beating the game. Story DLC is coming ""soon"" so that's about it. However -- Origins is a great story for the brief time it took place. Through some kind of time-space-continuum mircale, Batman has stronger weapons after only being 'The Bat' for a short few years. It's CHristmas Eve, and Gotham City is in trouble. The Black Mask hired 12 (I believe) Assassins to kill Batman. You get to fight them all and it's great. The costumes are beautiful as well as the rest of the graphics. 8/10"
76561198065239012,Recommended,209000,9332401,"Posted: 3 March, 2014",all,MonkeyBeast00,"Why all the hate on this game =:(I found a very enjoyable experience while playing. Much like the other arkham games there are good graphics, a nice combat style, and an above average story! I ran into not one single bug or glitch in this game, but apparently I got luck or something? If :you like the other arkham games, then you should definately pick this one up =:)"
,Recommended,209000,9341808,"Posted: 4 March, 2014",all,BejeweledSun0,"While it may seem to be exactly like Arkham City, it is still a great game. My only major complaint is the shock gloves and the dual hook, which can be kinda like win buttons."
76561198120776087,Recommended,209000,9345160,"Posted: 4 March, 2014",all,Slamzap25,Awsome game
,Recommended,209000,9348587,"Posted: 4 March, 2014",all,deedhero,A must-play for Batman Fans. The exciting story is awesome!
76561198059033704,Recommended,209000,9360657,"Posted: 6 March, 2014",all,Salmon,8/10. Good Game but was Hyped up to much. And very much the same as Arkham City. Bosses were too easy. But besides that good game.
,Recommended,209000,9168061,"Posted: 18 February, 2014",all,christopher.coats,"Everytime I try to get engrossed in this game, I come across a game breaking glitch. This was one of my most anticipated games in 2013, I even preorded it. while the gameplay is as satisfying as it was in the previous two instalments, it begins to seem like this is not a complete game. when I go to play the game, it has many glitches that can't be overlooked, even after the patches. I recomend getting this game if you have a console, though. The combat is relatively satisfying and the story is engaging. Just don't get it for the pc."
76561197973084575,Recommended,209000,9193430,"Posted: 20 February, 2014",all,kaZam,"Eh...fun'ish, but not nearly as good as Arkham City.The story is much weaker than City as well.Assassins are hunting you down throughout the game, but defeating them is more like boss play, which is rather childish and annoying for a sandbox game.-3.5/5 stars."
76561198065877752,Recommended,209000,9195449,"Posted: 20 February, 2014",all,Geeboon,"Just as awesome as the other Arkham titles, and that might be it's only flaw. I haven't noticed any new stuff as far as game play goes , but still very fun never the less. This game plays like a Zelda Metriod hybrid, it has somthing for every one. It's puzzle solving, level up grading, freeroaming, beat'em up fun. If you are a hardcore Batman fan, or even if you don't really know much about the charecter, you will still get into the awesome story lines. This game has so much going on that you will get a more than fair amount of replay value from it. If you haven't played any of the Batman arkham titles, than you should go with Arkham Asylum. It will be a little more easy on your wallet, and it plays just like the later titles. That way you can see for yourself if you like it without having to drain your pockets to much. Other wise I can say for sure that this is one awesome game. The beat'em up parts might seem like repeat button mashing, but there is more going on to than you can tell at first glance. Plus throwing a guy in the air than drop kicking him and his buddies never gets old."
,Recommended,209000,9227596,"Posted: 22 February, 2014",all,shrub,Best game ever. I've played it around 8 times and it never gets old. :P
,Recommended,209000,9227776,"Posted: 22 February, 2014",all,Ray Cazmo,I didn't HATE it...
76561197969451188,Not Recommended,209000,7478628,"Posted: 25 October, 2013",all,ᴿᴺᴳ Mjølnir,"7/10Underwhelming Batman game that seems to have learned no new tricks. The graphics are the same, the engine is the same, the moves are the same, the gadgets are the same. Seems like Warner Brothers is pulling a Call of Duty on its customers. Wait until the sale if you were a fan of the other two Batman games, as this most certainly not worth the full price. Also, Conroy and Hamill are not voicing Batman and Joker in this one."
76561198050386651,Not Recommended,209000,8264772,"Posted: 24 December, 2013",all,Devyo,"Great story and interesting gameplay, but this game has had at least 3+ game breaking bugs that have stopped people from completing the game, including myself.  On the official forums of the game, you can see at least 2 gamebreakers are still in the game, as well as dozens of minor bugs with game mechanics as well.  In some cases mechanics got worse from the first game, such as ground-takedowns being glitchy/tougher to register than in original!I thought this game would build upon the original game and turn it into something amazing, but its really an unfinished product.Definitely wait a few months until this game goes on sale in 2014, when theyve had a chance to iron more bugs out."
,Not Recommended,209000,8397905,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,Dandy,"The game I regret buying most this year. A prime example of awful video game development, this title is a veritable checklist of video game no-nos. I strongly urge even the most ardent Batman fans to proceed with caution. As a genuine fan of the previous two entries in the Arkham series, Origins left a real bad taste in my mouth."
76561198086644671,Not Recommended,209000,7889236,"Posted: 2 December, 2013",all,Kobe24,"This game is rubbish!!! doesnt load past elevator cut scene, glitchy, awful sound, just an absolute disappointment. Nice work WB you released a half finished game for full price! good effort"
76561197974729697,Not Recommended,209000,8175471,"Posted: 21 December, 2013",all,sander538,another game that sucks tell me whos making these games they don't care about people who are beginners only ones who are master gamers! give me a brake....
,Recommended,209000,8214022,"Posted: 22 December, 2013",all,Knightmare,"I loved this game until I got to the final fight of the main story and a bug prevents me from completing the story or even exploring Gotham. I will recommend this when it is finally fixed but as of right now I won't recommend a game that people can't beat.EDIT: While the bug was not been patched by the creators of the game, there is a known fix out there and I am now pleased to recommend this game. I found the fix on this game's HUB."
76561198046235985,Not Recommended,209000,8105822,"Posted: 18 December, 2013",all,Very_Exit,"Game will not launch properly. Hopefully a patch will be pushed soon, but until then I cannot reccomend it."
,Not Recommended,209000,8194951,"Posted: 22 December, 2013",all,martinrusev,"Boring. More of the same. Really repetitive boss fights. Completed the first two Batman games, but can't stand this one."
,Not Recommended,209000,7556540,"Posted: 3 November, 2013",all,El Minotoro,"Unless, like me, you're a giant bat-nerd, go get arkham city instead."
,Not Recommended,209000,8187128,"Posted: 21 December, 2013",all,Wildstar,"I beat the first two batman games on hard. It took me over 30 minues to beat 4 overweight inmates on 'normal' in arkham origins.The timing of the combo's and counters is extremely difficult. And every failure is followed by an insult by the villan and very long wait as is reloads. And I'm running this off of a SATA3 SSD drive in raid on an adaptec hardware raid card.  No other game I play has any load time.Its a pity because everything else about the game is perfect. Graphics are stunning, best I've ever seen in any game to date. Sound is great. Voice acting is amazing. Can't really speak to the over all plot, because by the time I got to Killer Croc, I was done with this.The game play is so terrible that it overshadows this."
76561198044084635,Not Recommended,209000,8253646,"Posted: 24 December, 2013",all,kekery.zaber,"I do not reccomend this game.  firstly on my pc all the walls and buildings are invisible and u can only see doors.  secondly on multiple occations while i was playing batman arkahm orgins i thought i was playing arkahm city.This game has a fantastic storyline but the gadgets are the same as arkahm city.  for example glue grenade=freeze grenade.I would not reccomend this game at the price it is listed, but if it goes on sale to about 30-40$ thats a better bargianAlso if you no how to fix everything being  invisible can u put that in the comments please,"
76561197994080744,Not Recommended,209000,8392423,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,Pac-White,"Arham City : Christmas Edition.Origins, is a curious beast, it's by no means a bad game, but it lacks the polish, the charm, the thoughtful design, and the talent present in the Rocksteadys earlier Batman games. With Arkham Asylum, Rocksteady laid the foundations for a great batman game, creating the predator gameplay, and mixing in a classic brawler with fantasticly simple, but hard to master controls and intreaging story. With Arkham city, they've pushed it further, leaving the metroid-valia aslylum behind, for a derilicty, abandond corner of Gotham, adding cases, and a story that built on the world they had already developed.Warner Brothers Montreal's game, feels stagnant. The world present to us, doesn't feel developed or loved. Graplining around the city feels awkward, with Batman often shooting off screen and flying onto a forign rooftop, occupied by gunmen, or seeminhly prevent you from accessing an area for no reason.  The fighting, is relativly the same, with reaction times seemingly cut down, AI that gets stuck if it gets too close to a wall or item, and any little enviromental object stopping your combo/chain attack. The enviorments feel cluttered, with objects thrown into place without care or thought that often gets in the way, preventing you from moving around effectivly.The voice acting, is solid, With Troy Baker succesfully taking over the Roll that Mark Hamill made his own. Baker injects some charm, character and mennace that the game so dearly needs, Nolan North's Penguin is still solid, actually, most everyone is. Except Robert Craig Smith as the titular character. He reads the role like he's in a generic shooter, with no personality or emotion. There have been many great voice actors take on the role of Batman over the years, many leaving a mark and distinct impression on viewers, But Smith brings nothing to the role.Origins feels like it could have been a great Batman game, with a little more love, with a little more heart. But it's vacant behind the eyes. It's mindless, possibly fun. but it just comes up short."
,Recommended,209000,22780103,"Posted: 3 May, 2016",all,cresentmoon125,"Fantastic game, plays a lot like the Assassin's Creed series, just with more gadgets."
,Recommended,209000,22762011,"Posted: 2 May, 2016",all,PuddingNL,Nice game. Recommend to play this game with a controller but it works just fine with a keyboard too. Nice combat system and works really good.
,Recommended,209000,22813694,"Posted: 5 May, 2016",all,Recon ♔,"This game is the best out of the arkham series in my opionion, and has my favourite incarnation of the joker. I recommend playing the game around chrismas time since the game takes place on chrismas eve, and has chrismas themed music."
,Recommended,209000,8131989,"Posted: 19 December, 2013",all,Sean Spicer,Play this and be THE BATMAN
,Recommended,209000,8134440,"Posted: 19 December, 2013",all,HannibalMyers,"While it's not as innovative as Asylum or City, Arkham Origins delivers exactly what we all expected. The same Batman  with an amazing, fluid combat system, interesting characters and placements of DC lore while also adding some new parts as well. It's an enjoying, familiar experience."
76561198024960953,Recommended,209000,10643681,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,Koopa Trappa,"Easily the best Batman game so far, I can't think of any other trilogies that got progressively better other than the Uncharted series. The fact that they had a new studio develop this game is mind-blowing considering how every other franchise that changes developers almost always gets worse. I give it 8.5/10"
76561197972297696,Not Recommended,209000,7867882,"Posted: 1 December, 2013",all,Taqueed,As of now I still fing the game unplayable so for a recommend I would say no. My rig isn't  the top but it is better than the required. This is he worst release I have had in all the years of playing. Come on WB get your crap together.
76561197970369845,Not Recommended,209000,7951729,"Posted: 7 December, 2013",all,footumch,"After the first two games in the series being really good, this one is a complete let down. It's buggy, dull and repetative. The previous games made you feel like you were playing in a larger world, this one relys heavily on quick time events. Also where as in the previous games you could do the ledge take downs from almost any place it looked possible, in this game the character almost ALWAYS jumps straight up to the platform meaning that you just can't rely on it for stealth take downs. If you want the batman experiance, play the previous games again."
,Not Recommended,209000,29249470,Posted: 14 January,all,timberw0lf,"Quite enjoyable frankly, and much bigger than Arkham City.Unfortunately, came into a game-ending bug kind of issue at the Mad Hatter's mission where Batman is unable to aim at 3 freaking lanterns in order to unlock a door into the next area.Don't waste your money on this unless you want to skip the MAD HATTER's (optional?) missions."
,Recommended,209000,26878755,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,bAKd,Great game!
,Recommended,209000,8346525,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,A e s t h e t i c m e m e s,Good but has a crippiling bug towards the middle. 7/10 would play.
76561198081042228,Not Recommended,209000,12407445,"Posted: 7 October, 2014",all,Barney Fife,"Honestly, this has got to be one of the most stupid and not fun games I've ever played. The pacing is literally ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥. You go from the most nondescriptive story, to the most bland and limited version of an open world that I could imagine, with the least amount of practical use of any of the items, and then there's the garbage gameplay. Honestly, don't waste your money on this game. I bought it when it was on the summer sale for like $4 and I wish I wouldn't have. Even that cheap, it's not even remotely fun.Ooh, Batman, big deal. A prime example of a major name used to sell a terrible game. The game devs should be embarrassed at how terrible this game is. I'd rather play a facebook game. I will never respect someone's opinion on games if they consider this anything less that recycled garbage."
,Recommended,209000,19078600,"Posted: 14 November, 2015",all,Monty Sovann,Be the Bat!
,Recommended,209000,12010870,"Posted: 7 September, 2014",all,ThaiCatwalk,This is very good Game with more action to do.  Sound in game and sound effect during action is also very good.
,Not Recommended,209000,7551109,"Posted: 2 November, 2013",all,GenesisV1,"A negligible addition to such an astronomical series.Arkham Asylum was easily one of the best action games of its time.Arkham City took most of the best features of Arkham Asylum, and added significantly more content and a free roam, sandboxy style of gameplay. Arkham Cities huge list of additions and improvements give extremely high expectations to any sequel.Arkham Origins on the other hand does very little, if anything, to build upon Arkham City's accomplishments. If anything, it is a disappointing failure, bluntly put.Origins is simply too much of the same as Arkham City. While some people might not understand the significance of that criticism, hopefully the following context helps. Arkham Origins feels like Arkham City but with a 5 dollar DLC that adds 4-5, maybe 6 gadgets, and a 15 dollar DLC that adds a different story mode. At no point in this game will you truly feel like you're playing something that ISN'T Arkham City. This game is maybe only 5-10% different from its predecessor.Please understand, Arkham Origins is by no means a BAD game, it simply isn't an excellent one given its high expectations. This game is only for people who are interested in Batman's story, and aren't necessarily looking for a gaming experience that is any better or different from Arkham City.On the plus side, Arkham Origins features the best boss fights out of all three Arkham games, and has some of the best story telling as well.The game is indeed a let down, but is still moderately enjoyable for die hard Arkham fans, or for people who have never played Arkham City to be entranced by the high expectations it sets. To everyone else interested, it is best to wait for the game to drop in price or wait for a sale. Arkham Origins, while it does a great job at telling the story of a younger and more reckless Batman and sets up the events of Arkham Asylum and Arkham City nicely, remains the overall weakest chapter of Arkham's Trilogy.-GenesisV1"
76561198030040808,Not Recommended,209000,7789331,"Posted: 27 November, 2013",all,Wacko,Extremely buggy. Yet to see any actual success from the bug fix patches.
,Not Recommended,209000,8352111,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,son_of_dracula,"there is a lot to tolerate, aside from the bugs which are slowly being patched out, the combat is completely broken and the city is dull, lifeless and reused from Arkham City. The multiplayer is pay to win and as Batman you feels like your slightly interupting a Gears of War match.It's strength is a better told comic book Batman story. And Troy Baker's Joker is just thrilling to see.If you can stomach enough bugs then it's a pretty decent game to play through for the story but you're better off buying Arkham Asylum or City. You're lucky if you're expectations are an annual Spider-Man game here."
76561198010401406,Not Recommended,209000,8386349,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,redfield5,Good game until the final fight sceen with the Joker. You are unable to perform the beatdown. The game only allows you to get two hits in on the Joker when it slows and freezes up until you can block the Jokers counter move. There is no health measurement for the Joker so he never loses stamina. It's a COMPLETE let down. You are unable to complete this game beacse of the bug. I do hope they get this fixed. Had I known that this game had this bug I would never have purchased it.
76561198123213644,Recommended,209000,15983143,"Posted: 24 May, 2015",all,Peter,brilliant game
,Recommended,209000,16660728,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,Theus,Batman™: Arkham Origins is good but not the best. Don't buy for the multiplayer it's terrible!
,Not Recommended,209000,16930873,"Posted: 7 July, 2015",all,TheCanonGamer,"This game is a fun game for people who like to play by themselves.Pros:+A good, lengthy story+Good missions+Good costumes?Cons:-Multiplayer barely ever works-If multiplayer does work it takes long to load-Very glitchy and buggyOverall this game is ok but isn't worth the price listed."
,Not Recommended,209000,16931257,"Posted: 7 July, 2015",all,An Unorthodox Pickle,It goes corrupt after you disarm 3 of 4 pillars that firefly has put.
,Recommended,209000,13469382,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,Khan,"An amazing game for batman fans.I've played the other two batman games from rocksteady and this one feels and plays on the same level as the Arkham Asylum and Arkham City. I really loved the dark theme and Storyline too. Every character in the game gives you a feeling of nostalgia and power when beating them. Most people say that Arkham City is better than Arkham Origins and i understand their choice. Arkham City is a flawless batman game which gives you the enitre feeling of being in a Batman universe.But Arkham Origins offered me what i liked the most, a dark and grimmy world which in my opinion suits Batman.Arkham Origins deserves a solid  9 out of 10."
,Recommended,209000,18330534,"Posted: 4 October, 2015",all,Lukathecoo,Buy this game cause I'M BATMAN.
,Not Recommended,209000,18413393,"Posted: 10 October, 2015",all,Briana_The_Diva,"Out of respect, I'd say this game was probably a lot of fun when it came out. It seems to be a bunch of game genres in one. It's just when you've played the portal games, along with tomb raider, then the problem solving seems kind of pathetic. Then, when you have and have played Far Cry 3 and 4, the whole tower unlocking system seems obsolete. Then when you have these games with a gtx 770 video card, the graphics aren't the greatest, along with the physics. There is almost no story, and you can't drive vehicles. So basically it's fun at first to grapple and fly around, and punch and kick some bad guys, but that basically stays the same for a while and gets boring after an hour. Maybe I'm fussy, but so be it. I'd say its more for younger folks who are obsessed with batman, and love the idea of playing as him and that's basically enough for them to enjoy it. I guess I'm spoiled by the new games I've played.What frustrated me the most was that it has an open world concept with towers, yet you can't unlock any tower you want, you basically have to unlock them by following the objectives. So it is really linear, you bascially can only follow the main objectives. Anyways it's not a terrible game, but I didn't find it anything special."
76561198061221907,Not Recommended,209000,18820852,"Posted: 1 November, 2015",all,Scriz,"This game is a step back from Batman: Arkham City in every respect. Controls, combat, camera, collectibles, story, talent progression, all of these are similar to previous iterations but just a bit (sometimes more than a bit) crappier. The detectective mode is clunky and forced. The trajectory from AC to AO should have been a warning about what was to come with AK.""Used to love B.A.T."" - Common(braham Lincoln)"
76561198101289467,Not Recommended,209000,18172232,"Posted: 24 September, 2015",all,Dolan 69,Very Buggy. Recommend pirating
76561198132152392,Recommended,209000,13061870,"Posted: 23 November, 2014",all,assENIATOR69er,great
76561198110454264,Recommended,209000,13676778,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,Hippoangel99,"its ok, but the ''counter'' button, half the time does not work."
76561198116652665,Not Recommended,209000,16500577,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,generatorshorty,"The game has good graphics and gameplay but unfortunately I ran into serveral major bugs from strange graphig bugs, corrupted save games and even bluescreens."
,Not Recommended,209000,18128272,"Posted: 20 September, 2015",all,Taiwan is my City,"Boring, Same as the old Arkham games."
,Recommended,209000,13318549,"Posted: 11 December, 2014",all,Ghosty,"Batman is love , batman is life."
,Recommended,209000,14038784,"Posted: 17 January, 2015",all,Rowlaz,"If ""Batman"" is in the tittle you already know it will be awesome!"
76561198111546721,Recommended,209000,13455453,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,Vegan Health,This game is full of action and impressive visuals. Plus I liked this one because of Batman being so much more brutal when he was getting started. The only downside was that there were some bugs that prevented me from completing tasks but oh well...
76561198165487872,Recommended,209000,15649465,"Posted: 2 May, 2015",all,SS66,Very nice and enjoyable game as always the knight of darkness is moving around the cornor looking for criminals and justice will be served for sure
,Not Recommended,209000,13582248,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,Deathwish,"DONT ♥♥♥♥ING BUY THIS, I HATE THIS I WANT THE CREATORS TO ♥♥♥♥ING KILL THEMSELVES THEY ♥♥♥♥ING THREW A PIECE OF♥♥♥♥♥♥IN A BLENDER AND MADE IT THE BUGGIEST GAME IN THE WORLD ♥♥♥♥ THE ARKHAM SERIES"
,Recommended,209000,7823919,"Posted: 29 November, 2013",all,Imamonke,A stunning step back into the dark knights live before arkham asylam. Definantly a huge improvment to the other games.
,Recommended,209000,15426698,"Posted: 18 April, 2015",all,e.e._Prime,"great game, waiting for the new one....."
,Recommended,209000,13673105,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,twystd,got blown up by a gargoyle11/10 would explode again
76561198077254011,Not Recommended,209000,13766238,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,LOST TALE,"No minimap, not real batman."
,Not Recommended,209000,13792856,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,McLovin,So ♥♥♥♥ing boring. Everything that made the original Arkham games interesting is non existent here. If you think you want a new Batman game wait till Arkham Knight because this game is bland bland bland
76561198095087295,Not Recommended,209000,12657445,"Posted: 27 October, 2014",all,XeTHaPpeNs!,this game is really worth only to buy when on sale... has lots of issues... every time i play i encounter a bug.. the fighting styles is still good it seems that its a lot easier now.. but the grapple for me has some issues.. u cant really grapple when ever you want to... its like there's a specific area where u can grapple.. ill give it a 6/10 score... its kinda disappointing but not in a big way..
76561198104887708,Not Recommended,209000,13487263,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,TheGamuGamer,wont even ♥♥♥♥ing load. wasted my money
,Recommended,209000,11159282,"Posted: 9 July, 2014",all,OAZA SPOKOJU,"Side missions are kinda ""grinding"" which I didn't like but main story is pretty good. Worth playing. I don't like also fact that you can't skipt cinematic at the beginning of game."
,Not Recommended,209000,15157737,"Posted: 1 April, 2015",all,JJS,Not worth your money dont buy it
76561198019923591,Recommended,209000,10105472,"Posted: 13 May, 2014",all,Imp,"This game follows the same standard Batman: Arkham receipe and does a fairly good job.  Grappling is sometimes a little buggy and the collectable stuff is a bit of a tedious grind compared to the other two games, but overall this is a good game."
,Recommended,209000,17823236,"Posted: 31 August, 2015",all,daksid,Pros: batman in this game is cruel and sadisticCons: so many bugsoverall not bad7/10
76561198024847970,Recommended,209000,23810092,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,Craeky Baeky,"Reeeeeeaaallly buggy, counters half of the time don't work costing you a lot of annoyance and heart ache."
76561198061691418,Recommended,209000,10642509,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,Macki,Batman!!!!!!!!
,Recommended,209000,13207634,"Posted: 2 December, 2014",all,Gay for Abdullah | Space Muslim,Took me 1 and a half hours to kill Deathstroke on Hardest Difficulty. 10/10 would do it again-IGN
76561198141082905,Recommended,209000,12968926,"Posted: 16 November, 2014",all,LIKE A BOSS,this game is very fun theres lotes of things to do in this game also it is a challeng killing the enemyes
,Recommended,209000,12970606,"Posted: 16 November, 2014",all,Levan,cant't wait while gloves are charged...  and then wuhoooooooo COME ON !!
,Recommended,209000,9932046,"Posted: 25 April, 2014",all,aviadr1,"I think its the darkest, more realistic and most violent batman episode yet. its good"
76561198041394059,Recommended,209000,10034065,"Posted: 6 May, 2014",all,Bebe,"Crazy game, very good and enjoyable gameplay! 10/10"
,Recommended,209000,10950476,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,Alt3ir,"Basically, it feels like - huge dlc to Arkham City, but it is a good thing in this case. It has the same amazing mechanics, graphics etc. Lot of things to do. Everything works perfect. Overall it is still a great game but i hope that in Arkham Knight i could get some new stuff ( like batmobil )."
76561198126628687,Not Recommended,209000,19885895,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,vuk.dimitrijevic,whats wrong with the game.non stop FATAL EROR
76561198087598328,Recommended,209000,10870028,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,Skooter_McBry,swag
,Recommended,209000,22304925,"Posted: 8 April, 2016",all,GhoulByrd,I thought it was kinda cancer
76561198095727109,Not Recommended,209000,24932650,"Posted: 15 August, 2016",all,Incomprehensible Angry Guy,"This is going to be one of the hardest reviews I have ever done. The reason is because I don't recommend this game. I have never not recommend a game on steam before and it breaks my heart to do it with this game. The reason why it's so hard for me is because I love this game! In Arkham City and Arkham Assylum, there seemed to be something missing from the game play. Like the mechanics were sorta off and I just couldn't put my finger on it. Don't get me wrong, I loved those games. They are my top 20 favorite modern games. Well when Origins came out for sale for $5 on Steam, I just had to buy it and see how it all started, and boy, this story is just amazing! I love the origins of the Joker and how Alfred confronts Batman, telling him that he's going to far. This game just makes Batman seem more realistic and more human instead of the emotionless Batman we usually get (which there if nothing wrong with it, it's just nice to see something different). The cinematic scenes are downright beautiful, voice acting is spot on. I was actually scared not to see Mark Hamill in this game but Troy Baker does a tight job with him, adding his own version of the Joker. I mentioned the controls, yes, the controls more fluid in this game. I love the more complex fighting styles and whenever I am fighting hand to hand in this game, it seems like I'm always on the edge of my seat not trying to die while in the originals, i didn't have any worries about dying at all. The stealth mode is better, there are more interactive areas where I can use fire extinguisher to create smoke, there are more vents to hide through and the NPCs seems to be more alert making it harder to take them out one by one. Origins also tried to do a dectivie mode where you slowly piece together a crime scene using your technology, which is a pretty cool aspect to the game but I just wasn't a big fan of it personally. It just seems awkward using for it. The other big thing that I love about this game over the originals is the more open world part. I always wanted to fight in Gotham City and whenever you watch a Batman movie he's always out in the open instead of just only be in Arkham and I want to play a Batman who in Gotham over Arkham. That, and it always seemed kinda claustrophobic in the other two.Now why would I post all of this great stuff for a game that I am not reccomending? In fact, it seemed like I liked this game better than the other two right? It's because of the damn bugs. The bugs are often and the bugs are bad. Game is constantly crashing and getting stuck in one area. I often have to shut down the game and go back into just to fix it. For some reason when I went into the game one time all of my controls  were literally bound to the left mouse button. Just completly out of the blue. The odd thing is, this game has been out for nearly three years now and we are still having these bugs. It doesn't quite ruin the game yet for me but it can easily do that to you. If you don't mind the bugs and are patient then I say pick up the game when it's on sale. But I just can't reommend a game that has been out for three years that has bugs that a early release game shouldn't even have."
76561198159454549,Recommended,209000,23712100,"Posted: 22 June, 2016",all,Nickyjudo,"Best game in the series.Maybe its dlcs arent that good,but  you shouldnt judge a game after its dlcs.10/10 would kick♥♥♥♥♥again"
,Recommended,209000,25057778,"Posted: 21 August, 2016",all,Andwizard,"Great Game, Fun to play, Great Online, The only dowonfall is no one plays the Online. So 8/10 For the onlie. For The Single Player Great story and Over all Good Mechanics 9/10"
76561198181217286,Not Recommended,209000,24219124,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,upbeatblackops,doesn't work
,Not Recommended,209000,24012378,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,DemonDarakna,"I am not saying the game is bad.But after playing Arkham Asylum and Arkham City, I feel the game seriously lacks in depth. There is almost no new features. The story is a copy-paste style every prequel game is. You do not go 'what is going to happen next?', you do not go 'I can't wait for this story to really evolve', because you have a feeling that it just won't.I am not saying that I will not finish it, but when after few hours you just go: why am I doing this again? it sort of loses it's shine. Basically, with all the repetitive motion, you start thinking about your obligations, and decide it's better to do those ... which is the contrary of what every game tries to do.Recomended if you are a religious fan of Arhkam series."
76561197982565433,Not Recommended,209000,25057912,"Posted: 21 August, 2016",all,ruwagrong,"Good Game? Eh, yes. Good Batman game? Yes. Good Batman arkham game? Hell no, the fluid flying around the city feels clunky, since your grapple icon comes up last minute, and then there are roof buildings you cant grapple too. The combat is also clunky, alot of times the game not recognizing my counter button. The story is very slow. The game is good just not a good arkham game(which is what it is suppose to be),that along with glitches where i get stuck in walls or icons fof interrogation dont pop up force me to restart from checkpoint."
76561198116883687,Recommended,209000,16001578,"Posted: 25 May, 2015",all,Spiriduș #,nice
76561198078137774,Recommended,209000,13919834,"Posted: 9 January, 2015",all,PublicEnemy133,"Absolutely a great game. I personaly wasn't real keen on superhero games simply because up until this point they all kinda sucked for one reason or another. But the Batman: Arkham Series is not only one of the best superhero game series. But also One of the best Video Game Series ""EVER"". No joke. I couldn't see how you could buy this game and be dissapointed.9/10 Overall Rating94/100 Overall Rating (Too Be More Specific)"
76561198145308084,Not Recommended,209000,21666378,"Posted: 6 March, 2016",all,daddy vegeta,I thought it was too hard. You cant just fight ur way through some missions. You have to sneak around. Batman was tougher then that.
,Recommended,209000,12129624,"Posted: 17 September, 2014",all,Edrikzz,gameplay is awesome
,Not Recommended,209000,23630099,"Posted: 18 June, 2016",all,alltooeasy,"There are so many glitches in this game. I absolutely love asylum and city, but it pains me to play this game. I encountered many visual glitches throughout my small 2hr gametime. The final straw is when I'm fighting deathstroke, he does the cutscene part where I'm attached to the gas tank, but then I don't even get the counter screen, it just jumps to deathstroke standing motionless with a gun. Im behind him yet I all of a sudden die. The other occassion is when retrieving 2nd sim card from penguin, i was literally walking right with the bad guys at the site and they didn't even know I was there. I shouldn't matter if I bought this game a while back, the fact is I only tried it now after finishing all my other games and this game is just frustrating and unplayable due to glitches. It shouldn't be part of the arkham series because it's a disgrace."
,Recommended,209000,7525982,"Posted: 30 October, 2013",all,heart heart head,"Hey, don't listen to gay journalists. If you're a true Arkham Series fan, you WONT be disappointed. This installment has EVERYTHING good ol' Arkham City had to offer, and even more, including amazing boss fights, too."
76561198078560968,Recommended,209000,9239835,"Posted: 23 February, 2014",all,pancake: The bake,this game is worth it I have beaten the story line it is awesome. In my opinion it is definately better than the first two.
,Recommended,209000,9265352,"Posted: 25 February, 2014",all,Madara,"Ok, nothing new here, expect for a few gadgets here and there, and few new types of enemies, and a different story. I got this game on release day, and it had a few very apparent issues then, and i'm not excusing the developers for letting this game come out with these bugs, but as far as i can tell, they have touched up on some of the major issues. I would only recommend this game to people have played the other two games, and are die-hard fans of the series. If you're new to the Arkham series, this game is an awesome one to play, and there is no obligation to play the other two games before you play this one, as it is a pre-qual to the others. solid 8.5/10 from me."
,Recommended,209000,9285053,"Posted: 27 February, 2014",all,RZA,Awesome game so far
,Recommended,209000,9009643,"Posted: 7 February, 2014",all,Xorgye,"Is it good? Is it bad? I think it is a good game.Another great batman story in a large city full of scum.But is it as good as it predecessors? No, no way. It isn't clever, it isn't looking well graphically, there is nothing new to it.Map feels empty, only a handfull of sidequests and above all: its linear. Linear in aquiring upgrades, finding new opponents and even doing sidequests/unlocks.This game beats you for thinking out of the box. Don't try doing things you are not supposed to do, it just won't happen until you progress in the main storyline.And the fighting is the same: do not try to initiate an attack, they are just fillups in countering. In the endgame the fighting gets better but then too you are more fighting the supposted-combat-flow than fighting the ingame opponents.But it is a good waste of time. Just don't pay 45 bucks for it, get it at 25."
,Recommended,209000,9138584,"Posted: 16 February, 2014",all,TreesDontTalk,"7.5/10Although many have said this is just a knockoff of Arkham City and in many cases this is true, I still appreciate the game itself. While not innovative or groundbreaking compared to the others in the series I still enjoyed the story and content I was given because it is an Arkham game through and through. A new interesting chapter in the series that should be appreciated by every Batman fan and gamer alike. Now, it is sometimes buggy and I am dissapointed they have not worked on this. We need it patched if we are to take this game seriously. The combat feels similar if not eerily smoother and dare I say faster than the last one, and I rather enjoy the new leveling tree concept. It may not be for everyone especially those looking for a completely different game from Arkham City. But if you want a new experience with a decent story and just more time being Batman, then this game is for you."
,Recommended,209000,9140754,"Posted: 16 February, 2014",all,Keela771,"Definately one of the most enjoyable Batman Arkham games yet. (There are only 3 at the time of writing.) Some of the new gadgets are very fun to use and the multiplayer is good also. The enormity of Gotham City really shines here and the storyline is really indulging. Furthermore, side missions will greatly expand the lifetime of the game.Do yourself a favour, and get this gem!"
76561197970664259,Recommended,209000,9148797,"Posted: 16 February, 2014",all,Look_at_all_these_owls,"Boy was I wrong about this game; I was really disappointed that Rocksteady wasn't working on Origins but (and I'm sill on the fence with the boss battles) I have to say I love the flow of this game, the subtle to not-so-subtle enhancements compared to the previous two (including graphics).  Rocksteady set the bar, and Warner Bros. Games Montreal is on par."
,Not Recommended,209000,11668718,"Posted: 11 August, 2014",all,kamikazekid99,I can't use the DLC because one flipping door won't open.  What Gives?
76561197990466609,Not Recommended,209000,11569300,"Posted: 5 August, 2014",all,Manichanh,"Arkham City was great. Arkham Origins made me want to vomit. They mutilated the combat system, and the Worst Nightmare challenges are stupid. Rarely any opportunities to finish them and they can't be done in challenge mode. What genius made that decision?"
,Recommended,209000,13052105,"Posted: 23 November, 2014",all,oz,"Batman has a long history of escaping from some of the deadliest, most elaborate traps a brilliant criminal mind can devise. In his bat-utility belt is a gadget to get him out of nearly any predicament. But in Batman: Arkham Origins, there's one trap Batman can't escape from: the trap of expectations. By now, there are two things that define action in the Arkham series: rhythmic, free-flow combat and stealthy predator rooms. Arkham Origins has those elements in spades. But it doles them out in a straightforward, predictable fashion that lacks the inspiration of the earlier Arkham games.The most noteworthy difference between Arkham Origins and its predecessors is a significantly larger open world. But that larger world has little meaning when the things you're doing in it are the same things the smaller world of the previous game accommodated perfectly well. Grappling up to rooftops and gliding through the air still feel great, but they don't feel any better here just because you have more rooftops to leap from. And there are side quests that have you doing things like racing to and fro to disarm bombs set by Anarky, which is much like racing to answer Zsasz's ringing phones in Arkham City.Are you a bat enough dude to counter all of Deathstroke's attacks?The city is bigger just for the sake of being bigger, and while these side quests make interesting use of characters--Anarky's willingness to go to any length to liberate the downtrodden from the oppression of the rich and powerful makes him a fascinating figure, for instance, and the game gives him his due--the things you're doing are exactly the same as the things the previous game had you doing in its open world. Even the crimes in progress, events you can choose to respond to or ignore that come up on the police radio, aren't a chance to protect hapless citizens of Gotham from criminal elements, but just to fight more groups of thugs, something you do plenty of anyway.Free-flow combat is unchanged from earlier Arkham games, aside from the fact that there are a few new enemy types in the mix, most notably a martial artist who has an attack you need to counter twice rather than once. The animations are still excellent, and getting into a rhythm where you're dishing out punishment while perfectly countering every enemy attack still feels good, but it also feels exactly the same as ever. At a certain point in the game, you acquire shock gloves that make your punches more powerful, but this doesn't prevent punching dudes in the face from feeling routine.Predator rooms are also what you'd expect them to be, no less and no more. Of course it's still satisfying to sneak up on a goon and take him down silently, or to be perched on a gargoyle, waiting for a clueless criminal to walk right under you so you can do an inverted takedown. But it's also starting to feel rote. By this point, the mechanics governing these systems have become apparent, the process of sneaking up on enemies or of countering attacks overly familiar. You and Batman and the game he's in are all just going through the motions.Arkham City built on Arkham Asylum by putting the mechanics in an exciting new context. Arkham Origins lifts them from City and puts them in the same context again, complete with all the same sorts of environmental problem-solving. You still toss grenades into water to form makeshift rafts (glue grenades here, not ice grenades!) and use the batclaw to pull yourself around. You still power up fuse boxes by guiding remote-controlled batarangs through fields of electricity. The occasional encounter with something fresh and exciting could have gone a long way toward making Origins' reliance on these familiar mechanics welcoming. But because nearly everything you do is a straight, wholly unsurprising replication of something you do in the earlier Arkham games, welcome familiarity gives way to an inescapable feeling of predictability.There is one new mechanic in Origins: a significantly overhauled case file system. As someone who has always been fascinated by the detective facet of Batman's character, I had high hopes that this would make investigating crime scenes an involving process that would test my intellect. Unfortunately, it doesn't. You scan evidence to reconstruct the events of a crime and have to scrub back and forth through the reconstruction to track down more evidence to scan. There's some CSI: Gotham City entertainment value in watching the pieces of the reconstructed crime come together, but your role in the process is minimal.The one area in which Batman: Arkham Origins delivers occasional flashes of inspiration is in its story, which establishes where Batman's adversarial relationships with the criminals who loom large in the Arkham games began, and how he forged an uneasy alliance with James Gordon, a good cop in a police force plagued by corruption. It dabbles in questions about whether Batman's presence only ends up fueling the fires of criminal activity in Gotham, and in its best and most genuinely surprising moments, explores how Batman and the Joker are two sides of the same coin. As Batman, new voice actor Roger Craig Smith is a bit flat, but as the Joker, Troy Baker fills Mark Hamill's clown shoes admirably.Batman's eventful Christmas Eve begins, however, with a less outlandish criminal. The organized crime lord Black Mask, tired of the pressure Batman has been putting on his operations for the past few years, puts a bounty on Batman's head, calling eight world-class assassins to Gotham, including the muscle-bound Bane, the poisonous Copperhead, and the efficient Deathstroke. Boss fights with these and other characters have an elevated sense of drama because of the personalities involved, but mechanically, they aren't much different from fights with other enemies. Defeating Deathstroke requires good countering. Against Bane, you use stuns and beatdowns. And so on.Batman: Arkham Origins also includes a competitive multiplayer mode in which eight players are split into three teams: Bane's thugs, Joker's henchmen, and the dynamic duo. The Bane and Joker teams aim to eliminate each other, while Batman and Robin strive to take out enough criminals from either side to disrupt their operations. This unusual structure has potential; as a criminal, the need to be vigilant against heroes swooping out of the shadows while also trying to pick off opposing criminals should keep you on edge. But in practice, it all feels sloppy. Weapon accuracy is all over the place, and being able to sprint only a very short distance makes criminals feel weak and inept. Meanwhile, as the heroes, combat lacks the rhythm and impact that makes it empowering in single-player, and you go down so quickly to enemy attacks that you feel more like a Gotham City impostor than a real hero.Batman: Arkham Origins is a deeply predictable game. It gives you exactly what you'd expect in another Arkham game, without doing anything to push the series forward. In the absence of new elements, the tried-and-true free-flow combat and predator mechanics feel routine rather than inspired. Origins is worth experiencing for the way it sets the stage for the events of the other Arkham games, but it also resides squarely in their shadows."
76561198088962694,Recommended,209000,19546606,"Posted: 7 December, 2015",all,TKC's Number 1 Fanboy,Really good game. Other reviews so not too good but I like it.
76561198168884329,Recommended,209000,19480182,"Posted: 4 December, 2015",all,SluttyMcNutty,not enough bat
,Recommended,209000,20069829,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,Tytyd.w88,I like this game.This game has good graphic and audio sound
76561198092231976,Recommended,209000,23103923,"Posted: 20 May, 2016",all,Sava's Capybara,Just play the game you ♥♥♥♥♥♥s
,Recommended,209000,23633087,"Posted: 18 June, 2016",all,NRGKO,"It's not a bad game because it capitalises on the things that made first two very good Batman games successes. But it doesn't do much else. It's a prequel to Arkham Asylum and doesn't really deliver anything other than another Batman game.I think the developers after absolutely smashing it twice with Arkham Asylum and City got a little cocky and thought that if they just added snow and Christmas it makes a different game. Well it doesn't.I'm giving this a positive review, and I know by doing that I'm contributing to the problem I'm moaning about of lazy and money-grabbing game development in the mainstream industry but the fact is I still bought it, I still played it and I still enjoyed it.If you're new to this series however, don't start with this one. With this being the chronological starting point, I know it's tempting to play this one first but start at Arkham Asylum, then City and have your mind blown twice.This is good but pointless. Batman fans only.IMPORTANT NOTE: I have it on good faith that my criticisms with this game lie at the feet of the publisher, not with the developers at Rocksteady, who were working on Arkham Knight at the time and had little to do with this game. This is the product of a different developer and it certainly shows."
76561198098650790,Recommended,209000,30749022,Posted: 26 March,all,Cute Raccoon,The best Betman game and story ever!
76561198112055059,Recommended,209000,23497622,"Posted: 11 June, 2016",all,Gonzbai,"Although not as revolutionary as its predecessors,  its still a good batman game. Story and gameplay is satisfying."
76561198025141989,Not Recommended,209000,24170816,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,ivo,"nope, buggy as hell. Can t even finish the game"
76561198003424373,Not Recommended,209000,28515487,"Posted: 21 December, 2016",all,Adam,"Play Arkham City instead, this is just a copy of that game with everything made worse."
76561198024820482,Recommended,209000,8177986,"Posted: 21 December, 2013",all,1963,no bad
76561198083929267,Not Recommended,209000,8663600,"Posted: 11 January, 2014",all,Danny25tep,i just wasted 40 dollars thanks steam i keep getting ozzy fatal error why cant batman games ever work right for pc i think WB doesnt care about pc user as long as they get thier consle money but whats funny is they hyped up this origins so much for pc then they take a dump on you DONT BUY ANY WB GAMES ANYMORE TRUST ME >>>>>>>>>>>>>>>THEY SUCK
76561198110609637,Recommended,209000,11312020,"Posted: 18 July, 2014",all,The Dark Knight,this game is amazing one of the best superhero games ever and people say there are bugs but i had none exept one where an enemy froze but i did not have to restart my game at all its the best batman game rvar but i wish it was a little longer i can wait to get the dlc
76561198110940717,Recommended,209000,9353681,"Posted: 5 March, 2014",all,nigelcrouch123,"I got this game and it keeps crashing at the killer croc fight, characters glitch and disapear when playing and the game just out right crashes.VERY DISAPOINTED.DO NOT BUY THIS GAME ON PC, JUST FULL OF BUGS AND MORE TROUBLE THAN IT IS WORTH.UPDATE : managed to get past killer croc and now the game is playable ,I dont know if the developer has patched the problems it has,I am playing through the game and have not encountered any other bugs so far.If you have trouble with killer croc glitching alter the video option until it gets better ( not totaly cured ) but playable to the point you get past the fight."
,Not Recommended,209000,10154004,"Posted: 17 May, 2014",all,Weaver,i hated this game . dont no why just wasnt feeling it. it would be great if you could trade games on steam so i could get rid of it
,Not Recommended,209000,15972127,"Posted: 23 May, 2015",all,.Rom,Mostly melee combats so it isnt fun to play.But the equipments are good.
,Not Recommended,209000,25200525,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,PunaniTsunami,"TL;DR: It’s more of the same from previous genres. If you want that, buy it. But it left me bored and uninterested for the whole 9 hours I half-heartedly played through.+ Neat plot+ Alfred’s presence+ Interesting enemy choices- The same combat system- Buggy- Same joker, different voice (-_-)This game was not developed by its original developers (Rocksteady), but was still taken on by a competent team over at WB Montreal. While Montreal is usually a place where sequels go to die, they did a bang up job making a sequel to City while adding their own unique features. But it still had this stale feeling of being too much of the same.Maybe that's the fatal flaw of the franchise, but I was simply fed up with how unoriginal the game felt. At best, it could have been an expansion pack for city and I would have been happy with that. On top of feeling that it lacked a great deal of innovation that seemed evident in prior entries into the series, there were a few technical errors in the game (crashes, clunky movement in the game's environment) that made me resent this prequel sequel."
76561198032773909,Not Recommended,209000,26130402,"Posted: 20 October, 2016",all,Kill It,"I love arkham games.,,. i played it alote,.,. i dont care about the bugs,.,. story is what i did not like and this batman theme feels like its not gotham,.., but a normal city,.., combat is nice you have to focus on your enemies and i loved that you could visit batcave,.., but becouse of the theme '' sorry i dont know how to explain the gotham feelin''  i could not see it as a canon,,. othervise well the gameplay it self is cool,.,. but i need more then just gameplay.,., i need that gotham and batman feeling.,., or i am just a retard.,., but this game does not exist for me.,., if you like arkham games and you dont care about the look or the feeling then yes i do recomend this game but i dont consider this game to be a arkham game nor a canon.,,. just a batman game,.., boo hoo,.,. by this i just wantet to say this game is not a canon and i want the haters haaaaaa xD yeey"
,Recommended,209000,31799645,Posted: 16 May,all,On God,"Its Batman it cool,am I done yet"
76561197973010957,Recommended,209000,12317513,"Posted: 1 October, 2014",all,DrStrange,Unfortunetly this game takes a couple steps back from the excellent Batman:Arkham City.The combat is just as good as is the stealth. Where it falters is in the world and story.The world is alot bigger and alot less intresting (as well as there are no civilians wondering the streets makings it feel alive).The story was not very intresting.But everything else I found to be slightly improved. I still recommend the game but it is not nearly as good as the previous in the series.
76561198067726955,Recommended,209000,29703962,Posted: 4 February,all,Lanky Mario,-Launched game-Started at this prison-Beat up some guys-Went to free roam-Started gliding-Batman then suddenly went upside down and started gliding backwards10/10 would defy physics again
76561198146409526,Recommended,209000,16062822,"Posted: 29 May, 2015",all,SK Complexo de Saculioridade,"I hear many people saying how much this game is broken, and about the bugs in the combat system/weak storyline.But personally, i think this game is very good. The storyline is great, and the combat DOES bug sometimes, hitting invisible enemies, but it's not that bad. Overall, the game is very cool, and i recommend it to anyone who liked the other Batman games."
76561198095800125,Recommended,209000,13459555,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,Johnny Ghost,Great Unless you like beating games early IF you have beaten arkham asylum and arkham city in 2 days well its for you if you dont well Deal with it and also It is GREAT eitherway Play it dont play it i dont care all i know is MAKE MORE OF THE ARKHAM SERIES AND SUPPORT AND YEAH
,Not Recommended,209000,24635567,"Posted: 31 July, 2016",all,[VI] Gravity_Lord,"One of the prevailing issues reviewers described about the Arkham Origins game was that it was 'more of the same'. I liked the previous two installments of the series and so I decided to hold off on playing the game for a couple of years, let it age like fine wine. Really, what I got was vinegar.My initial playthrough was fine, I knew I would be a little bit awkward as I got used to using an Xbox controller over keyboard and mouse, but once I got to the first boss fight, I couldn't help feeling like the controls were unresponsive, or at least the attack indicators didn't match up with my window to avoid the bosses attacks.Next came the open world and it felt kind of empty. Scattered pockets of a very small variety of thugs and pickups to acquire. I figured that maybe if I pushed on and got through more story things would fill up. This is where I was starting to get annoyed with the gameplay.Since I played the previous games I had a little bit of previous knowledge as to how the game worked, stuns, dodges, takedowns, etc. But this didn't gel with the fact that I was playing a prequel to the Arkham adventures. As a result, there were several points where I was confused and frustrated that I didn't have X ability yet. I couldn't grab thugs or pickups with the batclaw, I didn't have a faster means to fly across the map, even combat felt janky when I successfully dodged a knife attack only for Bats and the thug to awkwardly pose and then not know what to do with themselves. I knew I should be able to punish the thug and perform a takedown, but the game didn't. Even when I got the knife takedown upgrade it didn't seem to work.My frustration doubled when I tried to find how to get my abilities back and saw the upgrade menu. I don't recall the Arkham City upgrade screen very well, but this one was really obtuse, especially when it felt like upgrades were hidden behind achievements and didn't explain themselves well, like ""Get to Dark Night achievement level 10 to unlock"". Was that my character level? Did they mean Achievements with a capital 'A'? The headers didn't match, it felt disconnected and I wasn't grasping anything. Now I was lost in regards to gameplay as well as the story.Then this morning I decided to give the game another chance, switching over to KB+M since mashing the X button on the controller was starting to become painful. Lo and behold, crash on title screen. Application was stuck open and was causing Task Manager to become unresponsive and pretty well blacked out one of my monitors. Restart, try again, same song and dance. Spent the better part of an hour troubleshooting, verifying integrity cache, reinstalling, restarting, and deleting my save which seemed to have been corrupted. No dice.If you got it working on your machine, if you haven't played Batman since Arkham City and wanted to try it, be my guest, but I don't have time for this sort of quackery."
76561198017891554,Recommended,209000,13843867,"Posted: 4 January, 2015",all,Malore,"Kevin Conroy Kevin Conroy Kevin Conroy Kevin Conroy Kevin Conroy Kevin Conroy Kevin Conroy Kevin Conroy Kevin Conroy Kevin Conroy Kevin Conroy Kevin Conroy Kevin Conroy Kevin Conroy Kevin Conroy Kevin Conroy Kevin Conroy Kevin Conroy Kevin Conroy Kevin Conroy Kevin Conroy Kevin Conroy Kevin Conroy Kevin Conroy Kevin Conroy Kevin Conroy Kevin Conroy Kevin Conroy Kevin Conroy Kevin Conroy Kevin Conroy Kevin Conroy Kevin Conroy Kevin Conroy Kevin Conroy Kevin Conroy Kevin Conroy Kevin Conroy Kevin Conroy Kevin Conroy Kevin Conroy Kevin Conroy Kevin Conroy Kevin Conroy Kevin Conroy Kevin Conroy Kevin Conroy Kevin Conroy Kevin Conroy Kevin Conroy Kevin Conroy Kevin Conroy Kevin Conroy Kevin Conroy Kevin Conroy Kevin Conroy Kevin Conroy Kevin Conroy Kevin Conroy Kevin Conroy Kevin Conroy Kevin Conroy Kevin Conroy Kevin Conroy Kevin Conroy Kevin Conroy Kevin Conroy Kevin Conroy Kevin Conroy Kevin Conroy Kevin Conroy Kevin Conroy Kevin Conroy Kevin Conroy Kevin Conroy Kevin Conroy Kevin Conroy Kevin Conroy Kevin Conroy Kevin Conroy Kevin Conroy Kevin Conroy Kevin Conroy.Oh, and Deathstroke."
,Recommended,209000,15988392,"Posted: 24 May, 2015",all,aea_naja,goodgame
76561198093417144,Recommended,209000,15787733,"Posted: 11 May, 2015",all,Shurikinney,One word: AMAZING!!!!!
76561198044559732,Recommended,209000,9681858,"Posted: 30 March, 2014",all,Qirm,"Batman Origins isn't from the Developers Rocksteady. Is that bad? In no way. It is still alot of fun to play it. There is no difference from Batman Arkham Asylum and Batman Arkham City if it is about fun. If you did like the former Batman games this game is such a musthave. Batman: Arkham knight will be the end of the Rocksteady Batman Triology with a brandnew Character called the Arkham Knight which doesn't appear in the comics yet. I am sure, if the people of DC will enjoy this new character, they might even put it into their universe aswell, like they did with Harley Quinn (who first appeared in the Cartoon)I didn't play Arkham Origins through yet, but so far I surely enjoyed it, even though at some points even on normal the bosses gave me a good fight. And if you get it for only 10 Euro for such a short period of time, GET IT!!! Or you will regret it. It is like that you rip those off. Giving them nearly nothing for sooooo much. 40 Euro is really a good price for it. If you get it for less, be very very thankfull. Thank you steam. For giving me again a great game for a low price. :)"
76561198087071821,Not Recommended,209000,9636546,"Posted: 26 March, 2014",all,SpectreX10,Save your money. Its Arkham City copy and paste. Nothing new.
76561198032082610,Recommended,209000,8001775,"Posted: 10 December, 2013",all,heythisisro,ER MEH GERD!!!!!
,Not Recommended,209000,13460776,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,Sir N00bZ,I really like this game. I have it on both PC and PS3. But I heavily suggest getting this game on a console. The PC port is pretty awful. It has a ton of bugs. I had to restart the game 3 times before I even faced the first boss...
,Recommended,209000,14660658,"Posted: 26 February, 2015",all,Krittaphot,I have played again and again
76561197970073383,Recommended,209000,11250475,"Posted: 15 July, 2014",all,Kucsum a mocsok,This is the ultimate Batman game!
,Recommended,209000,13227376,"Posted: 4 December, 2014",all,Base AFK,"The mainstream reviewer criticisms of this game caused me some concern before playing it, as I knew it must be hard for a different studio to match the level of excellence Rocksteady had achieved with Arkham Asylum and Arkham City. All these concerns were steadily laid to rest as I delved into Arkham Origins.I don't know what these whiners are complaining about! WB Montreal did such an amazing job of duplicating all the excellence of Rocksteady's first two Batman games, that had I not KNOWN it was a different studio going into this I wouldn't have even noticed that it wasn't Rocksteady that made this game. All the little polishes, sound effects, menu mechanics, controls, combat, gadgets, all of it has been amazingly re-created in Arkham Origins AND expanded upon.In my opinion, they also did a fantastic job in portraying Batman in such a way that he really does seem like a less experienced Batman. The ONLY thing that doesn't make sense is the fact that he has access to more gadgets than he does in Asylum and City. While it is understandable that WB Montreal wanted to expand the Batman experience by doing this, it doesn't fit as well into the plot of a younger, less experienced Batman."
,Recommended,209000,16504273,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,PrinceWaifu,CURSE whoever thought it was a good idea to add the Pioneer Bridge
76561198123817694,Recommended,209000,14274497,"Posted: 31 January, 2015",all,KyloFcknRen,"Batman Arkham Origins. HMMMMM AMAZING GAME!!!!!!! I played this game on the PS3 when it first released and the game was really good on there. But on the PC omfg the graphics are 10 times more AMAZING!!!!! Game runs REALLY SMOOTH and fast. Great story line, love how we see the young Joker, Harley when she is a doctor at Arkham, Bane, Penquin, everyone. Ignore those ""Not Recommended"" posts down below, some of them might not have good hardware to say the game is glitchy or buggy. Get the game, play your butt off on it, no matter what it is a great beautiful game. Wanna know why? Come on you know you are dying to know why. Ready?1...2...3..BECAUSE IT'S BATMAN!"
,Recommended,209000,14156045,"Posted: 24 January, 2015",all,ASMR COCK,a good game not as good as CITY. but if u like the feel of batman games u will like this new part of the series
,Recommended,209000,11848017,"Posted: 24 August, 2014",all,swag-iwnl's dead trim,"what will happen if i take off the mask, it would be extremely painful, you're a big guy, FOR YOU. what's the next step in your plan? crashing the plane, with not survivors."
,Recommended,209000,12007862,"Posted: 6 September, 2014",all,Carpenterbator,"Easily the best game in the series. Still as action packed as ever and poetic near the end. He's the batman, how can you not like him?"
,Recommended,209000,15790608,"Posted: 11 May, 2015",all,WaSon,Na na na na na na na na na na na na na na na na... BATMAN!
76561198120570601,Recommended,209000,16018230,"Posted: 26 May, 2015",all,Atomic Tummy,"this game doesn't live up to the other 2 Arkham games, but its still a game i recommend along with the DLC it's still a game you should have in your library"
,Recommended,209000,15990782,"Posted: 24 May, 2015",all,Jakesicle,i havent Even Finished it yet and it is AWESOME i wanna give a ton of thanks for letting it be a freeworld and not as laggy as i thought it wold be it was a awsome game woth the 2 hors i hade to wait but it was SO FUN
76561198099335968,Not Recommended,209000,15991190,"Posted: 24 May, 2015",all,mikedgb,"At first I was a bit biased against the game from the other reviews. At about the 25 hour mark I found out those reviews were correct. What ruins this game is the Alibi Nightclub glitch. Google it. I won't say more than it breaks everything you worked for, making your entire investment worthless. Incredibly let down. That's my final thought. Avoid this game. There is no support to fix it's brokenness."
,Recommended,209000,15934059,"Posted: 21 May, 2015",all,Judejaegarn,Huge map with several districts but not too much to do besides main story and some side quests. Arkham City had a smaller map but with more content parallel to the storyline. Overall a very good game though.
,Recommended,209000,15252986,"Posted: 7 April, 2015",all,NaggingShrimp,"I had to buy this because Warner Bros. Montreal refuse to patch the xbox 360 save corruption bug, which happened to me each time i started a new save - so i bought the game on steam instead, and as i can still use an xbox controller for it then its all praise from me10/10 - Shrimp Games"
,Recommended,209000,16774323,"Posted: 28 June, 2015",all,charlie,"Batman games are like pizza: even when they’re not very good, they’re still pretty good. Next to Arkham City, Arkham Origins is a bit of a disappointment in its lack of new ideas and use of win buttons, making it the least interesting of the trilogy. But as excuses to dive back into the excellent free-flowing combat and predator takedowns go, this story isn’t bad."
76561198198267663,Recommended,209000,16619156,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,Chimmy78,"This game was the first game i purchased on steam ever.  And it was a good one to purchase too.  I bought it on my birthday, which was a looong time away from the summer sale.  I got it at a good price btw.  For only 4.99 it was totally worth it, It lasted me all the way to the summer sale, which was 2 months.  The campaign is GREAT, and the multiplayer was surprisingly good.  I thought it was going to be a bunch of batmans running around killing eachother.  But they actually put some thought into it, and it was pretty good.  So if you do get this game, try out the multiplayer, and get other people to try the multiplayer.  Anyway, Overall score?  9.5/10  This game is fantastic.  Buy it if you have the money."
76561198119218240,Recommended,209000,9442812,"Posted: 12 March, 2014",all,Shuggie,"Pros:-Expansive map-Large variety of enemies-Somewhat challenging bosses and thugs-New and vast upgrades-Great storyline-however short-Fun sidequests-however few-Dark graphicsNeutral:-Same combat as past Arkham games-Just around the same gadgets (just with different names)-Not as challenging (as in the past) to collect all Riddler trophiesCons:-Faulty multiplayer-glitchy with one-sided versing (higher-level players have too much of an advantage in devices,armor, and such)8/10""It was a great addition to the Arkham series."""
76561198133287006,Recommended,209000,15447364,"Posted: 19 April, 2015",all,cheerie,"One of my favourite games, as of today.  It took me about 40 hours to finish and I definitely haven't done nor seen it all!This prequel to the Arkham series is very well done, in my opinion at least. It does a lot of explaining,it is a visit to the past after you've already seen the present and adds to the overall story of this particular Batman universe. For people like me, who are new to the Batman franchise, it's a great experience. First, in the two games that came out before Origins we see Batman as a hero, known, respected by many, despised by...well, many too I suppose. Now we get to see it wasn't always so.The story itself was, for me, more absorbing than that of Arkham city. The plot wasn't as comlicated, which does not mean it wasn't rich or interesting. On the contrary, it was both those things. The storytelling was, for me, about as good as Arkham Asylum's, if not better in places. There were some tear jerking moments there and I appreciated those greatly.The characters were many. We finally got to see Batman's relationship with Gordon as it was before they had formed their ""allience"". We get to see the beginnings of Enigma, Joker and Harley. Many other characters are presented, some introduced in the Arkham series for the first time. Most of them get decent boss battles, some of them are, however, underused. Which is a pity, but overall it doesn't harm the plot or the gameplay all that much.The voice acting is spot on in my eyes. Although for the first time we get to hear different voice actors than the ones we are used to from other Arkham games, they all give the characters personalities and life. There's nothing lacking there at all. (Apart from the voice file, which were welcome, even though they weren't as insanity-filled as in the other games, therefore less interesting.)The graphics of the games are somewhat different than in the previous games. The colours are more dark, gloomy maybe. And it fits the atmosphere very well. The details are fine and sharp.The map is bigger than before, although not entirely new. Many of the districts were introduced back in Arkham City and it's all that much better because of this. You feel like you've come home once more. You know the city, although it doesn't quite know you yet. Seeing places and buildings you've visited before feels nice, almost nostalgic. That's the part I enjoyed the most - the atmosphere of the city you know so well.The music is fitting, if not ever-present. It's the opposite of intrusive - it creates the rush necessary - in the Predator encounters, in all the right ways and the right moments throughout the story, in the cutscenes.As for the gameplay itself, it was very diverse. The main story line was great in the means of battle. Taking down all the assassins, although optional, was a must for me. The boss battles felt all very different, no two were the same. Some required stratedy, others skill. The Predator encounters were an absolute treat. Somehow, when you know you're being ""judged"" by the games, it drives you forward, you seek success. Anything less than the perfect store isn't acceptable, most of the time anyways. That's a new aspect altogether, leveling up according to your performance, not because the story has progressed. If you perform really well, you're rewarded. You really feel like The Batman this time around. That's the upside of it. For me, though, there was a downside as well. The challenges were present as usual, but they were divided into categories and could only be completed in order. So it doesn't matter how many times you've completed a certain challenge, you'll have to do it again once you reach it. Doing it out of order just doesn't count and that can be infuriating sometimes. Besides some minor bugs in the combat, though, the gameplay feels smooth, familiar-yet-new. The gadgets are the same, yet different. It shows that need for further developement in Batman's equiement, which is what we see in the ""later"" games (the ones that came before, of course).Most wanted is a fun part, too. There are several side mission which require Batman's attention and they're, generally, well presented. Enigma's part is easily a fan-favourite, at least for me. Besides Most wanted, there are Investigation missions as well, which are fun, if somewhat odd - B-man's a real genius with huge resources when it comes to crime solving.Overall, the game is my favourite in the series, even if Asylum will always be the first and the best remembered. Origins provides the player with a rich plot, stories you didn't know you wanted to hear, the beginnings of well-known heroes and villains, smooth and polished gameplay, huge map, nostalgia and a feeling of being The Batman. Even if it wasn't perfect, it exceeded my expectations greatly.9/10"
76561198190516774,Recommended,209000,15465762,"Posted: 20 April, 2015",all,Chrixus,"Had allot of fun playing this game, if you enjoyed playing Arkham  City this game is a pretty close match. The storyline does a good job setting up the events that lead into Arkham Asylum."
,Recommended,209000,16887545,"Posted: 4 July, 2015",all,stormtrooperJR,not as bad as everyone says
76561198053508178,Not Recommended,209000,16864636,"Posted: 3 July, 2015",all,Ballistic,Didn't play very much because I just didn't like it. want a refund for sure.
,Recommended,209000,16697958,"Posted: 25 June, 2015",all,Ghost ( Knightzlash ),The last Btaman game was Arkahm Asylam and this is a amzasing game compred to Arkahm Asylam if you like Batman how i do you have to get this game  9 / 10
76561198112294276,Recommended,209000,16705641,"Posted: 25 June, 2015",all,_SpookyM,This game is just like masterbating.10 out of 6
76561198157307731,Recommended,209000,24318569,"Posted: 14 July, 2016",all,Pheonix,"Now, The Company Who Developed This Game Know How To Make A Game However The Graphics And Physics Could Have Been Slightly Better. The Gameplay Is Flawless With A Good GPU And CPU However The Game Has More Potential With A Graphics Upgrade. I Had A Blast Playing As Batman At Younger Age, Just Goes To Show How Far He's Got. I Honestly Would Suggest This Game, Its Worth The Money!."
,Recommended,209000,8009373,"Posted: 11 December, 2013",all,Freddy Fuckbears Peetzarea,dis game is like amazingly full o swag
,Not Recommended,209000,17421136,"Posted: 6 August, 2015",all,DangerJordan,Crashes too often to finish.Just watch an lp
76561198039220932,Recommended,209000,7945406,"Posted: 6 December, 2013",all,Q is for Qadim,AO feels a bit more like an expansion pack for Arkham City as opposed to its own entirely new game. I don't mind that it's filled with some of Batman's less memorable villains. By matching Batman up against a lot of B-list villains you get more of a vibe for being Batman and having something to compare it to. So it gives you a better appreciation for the really dangerous villains down the line.
,Not Recommended,209000,9673034,"Posted: 30 March, 2014",all,mcborge,Glad i didnt pay full price for this buggy mess... i've only just started to play through this game and already found the controller bug the sound bug and the damned killer croc bug. game should be renamed batman bodged origins....all in all not a happy bunny.
,Recommended,209000,9674574,"Posted: 30 March, 2014",all,♛ Notorious ♛,"I  like the game reveiwers say its '♥♥♥♥♥♥' but acually their♥♥♥♥♥♥batman origns or as i say batman oranges is a great detective,strategy,stealth and great action game its mainly about 8 assassins get paid 50 mill to kill batman there are many old and good baddys such as deathstroke penguin and bane but because i play multiplayer with friends i dont like games like this. and plus its way better on console. and batman games are pretty♥♥♥♥♥♥so i rate this game 3/10 i see why reviewers hate it. :("
76561198024322551,Not Recommended,209000,15023606,"Posted: 23 March, 2015",all,Arashi,This game has to many glitches! I am 87% complete with the game and now I can't continue because of a glitch that makes Batman just hang in the darkness...
76561197999474699,Not Recommended,209000,19839589,"Posted: 22 December, 2015",all,poisonnuke,"cannot recomment for broad mass.This game has A LOT of technical issues (still after a couple of years). You spend hours until it will run the first time. Most likely because of physx and dx11 and some more reasons for the game to crash.After it runs, you have no way to setup mouse sensitivity. Thats biggest crap ever! Unplayable without setting mouse speed.And even tho, its a porting from console and most elements of the game are totally ♥♥♥♥♥♥ ported. Especially the map is rendered absolutely useless, because its not working.After solving a sh..load of problems, you will end up with not knowing, what to do. The game mechanics and menus are extremely obscure and have a extreme learning curve. There is no introduction to anything. You start right off and need to be a master of all combos. Maybe the game could be fun for anyone willing to sacrifice days of practicing only to get at least a little reward.But for the casual gamer, who will play an hour per day, the game mechanics are much to complex, and he will only be frustrated a lot. There is no reward from the game, if you not a hyper perfect pro master gamer, playing 80 hours a week. At least."
,Recommended,209000,19885502,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,catodeking,Have only played it for like an hour but im allready loving it!!!
76561198112768763,Recommended,209000,19412796,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,Bill l'abeille,2 baddies were talking. Got one of them down. The other one kept on talking.10/10
,Recommended,209000,19030453,"Posted: 12 November, 2015",all,PobbleBonk,Great full of orgins for the villains. there is also a lot of obuse villian to get to know and know 10/10BUY THIS
,Recommended,209000,19044100,"Posted: 12 November, 2015",all,Turts,Great Game!If you are a batman fan you will love this.This game can be really addicting i spent 2 days playing this nonstop...
,Recommended,209000,18170763,"Posted: 24 September, 2015",all,Marchew,"Another great Arkham game. Storyline good as always, same with graphics and physics. 10/10 would buy again. Multiplayer is here, but its nothing special."
,Recommended,209000,17341187,"Posted: 1 August, 2015",all,ScreaM,I have played allmost evry batman game this one i would say is best before the new one that has come out now tho. :D
,Recommended,209000,17473696,"Posted: 10 August, 2015",all,CSD4✔,yes
,Recommended,209000,17575559,"Posted: 16 August, 2015",all,Manual Danual,"While the story isn't as gripping as Asylum or City, Arkham Origins is another incredible Batman gaming experience that is not to be missed by any level of Batman fan.  Learn about Batman's and Joker's first encounter in the Arkham universe w/ a Christmas theme!  The new gadgets and abilities add just enough exciting new tools to switch up the main campaign and absolutely addicting, joy to master combat and predator challenges.  Love the design of this Batsuit in particular, so much armor and beef! No Catwoman or Robin main game play :( but Deathstroke is such and awesome addition to play as. Make like a bat and get it!"
,Recommended,209000,16505452,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,Neroplayer,yes
76561198187975811,Not Recommended,209000,15968664,"Posted: 23 May, 2015",all,leger.joshua,It Sucks. I Want My Money Back!!!
,Recommended,209000,28915545,Posted: 1 January,all,Nigga with a rocket launcher,When you got the game on sale and now the DLC will cost you more than the game. You need this game (and the DLC)
,Not Recommended,209000,28205206,"Posted: 5 December, 2016",all,Subject 16,It's not too Realistic.At the beginning was OKbut after that for me was boring
,Recommended,209000,25946544,"Posted: 9 October, 2016",all,Amadeus - X,"NC GAMES, VERY RECOMMENDED"
76561198031260857,Recommended,209000,26320125,"Posted: 30 October, 2016",all,卢台长,BECAUSE I'M BATMAN!
76561198291788869,Recommended,209000,25690191,"Posted: 25 September, 2016",all,kein.titan20,Quite boring but can't lie the story is good!!!I'll give this game 8/10
,Recommended,209000,25469283,"Posted: 11 September, 2016",all,Batroll,"Don't listen to haters, this game is good. It has multiple interesting and different boss battles, solid story, good old arkham gameplay, the biggest open city to free roam, fast travel. After playing all Arkham games this is the second best one in my opinion."
76561198074587713,Recommended,209000,25598899,"Posted: 19 September, 2016",all,El Solo Lobo,This is where it all begins. Graphics are much better than asylum and city tho
76561198155481065,Recommended,209000,16816588,"Posted: 30 June, 2015",all,HELIOCENTRIC01,"Arkham Origins is my all time favouite Batman Game despite a lot of peoples dissappointment I think it is very well done,but one downside though is I would have liked to see more popular and well known villians in the game I love this game 9/10"
76561198164700666,Recommended,209000,24852870,"Posted: 12 August, 2016",all,DVO PaulJJ,Hory shet one of the best games I have played- I do recommend
76561198152967142,Recommended,209000,23292399,"Posted: 30 May, 2016",all,The Raptor Corporation,This is an OK game. I have not played it much but 1 thing is for sure. It is really laggy. I don't know why. none of the other arkham games lag so much.
,Recommended,209000,26415764,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,Deadshot,"In my opinion, Arkham Origins is the best of Arkham Series.I like this game because how batman fights cool, the story is awesome and unpredictable, good graphics, many batman gadgets i can use, and challenging achievements.If you like Batman games, play Origins(1985) first, then Asylum(1990), City(1991), and the last is Arkham Knight(1992)."
,Recommended,209000,24224875,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,ปูไทย,7/10
76561198023141293,Recommended,209000,16308451,"Posted: 11 June, 2015",all,Nachoguy5,"It's an Arkham game, what more is there to say?+9001pts for getting to play as Deathstroke/Slade Wilson"
,Recommended,209000,24820633,"Posted: 10 August, 2016",all,LordSephiroth31,"This game is great! Why? It's Batman. Don't believe me? Batman will come to where you live if break your face untill you buy it,if still dont he throw you through a wall. if IF you still dnot buy it he ♥♥♥♥ing dangle you from a clock tower while yelling in your face ""IM BATMAN"""
,Recommended,209000,19235633,"Posted: 23 November, 2015",all,NH | Carnage,"Description:Batman: Arkham Origins is a prequel to Rocksteady's Batman Arkham Asylum. It is, once again, being developed in the Unreal Engine, however, this time, by different developers.The story in Arkham Origins takes place during Christmas at night, where Batman is being hunted down by several hired assassins. The story starts out slow and gradually starts getting more interesting, as well as giving a satisfying conclusion for the game. It constantly introduces new villians (to Batman, but not to the player, at least) and helps fill in the gaps before Arkham Asylum. It provides its own unique take on Batman's formal introduction to all the villians we know and love and does not disappoint. The story is fairly long and is about the length of any Arkham's game main story, not counting the side missions for either.Gameplay-wise, Batman Arkham Origins plays extremely similar to its previous games, with barely any new gameplay features introduced. There are new gadgets with different purposes gradually introduced throughout the game, some of which can be extremely helpful in combat. Boss battles in Arkham Origins, however, are by far (in my opinion) the best out of all the Arkham games, including Arkham Knight. With each boss battle, there is always a unique take on it and you will have to find out different ways to defeat the bosses as the game tries its best to not be repetitive with boss fights. Instead of generic ""punch the boss and dodge"" fighting, you get much more intense boss fights which require you to think as they all have a unique mechanic. Therefore, gameplay style is the same, with the addition of better boss battles and new gadgets.Graphics-wise, Arkham Origins does a fine job and the graphics look better than Arkham City's. However, it is nothing amazing or a huge improvement that it is noticable, and therefore, will not play a major part.Overall:Gameplay: 8.5/10Story: 9/10Graphics: 8.5/10Total: 8.5/10Should you get it?If you have the money to spare or you are a Batman fan, this certainly won't disappoint you nor will it impress you. It is basically as good as a DLC for Arkham City with a new story, slightly better graphics and new gadgets and better boss fights. If you loved Arkham City, you will love this. If you're looking for a huge improvement, such as from Asylum to City, go for Arkham Knight."
76561198137917895,Recommended,209000,24047625,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,etalien.et,"I'm a big fan of the Arkham series I think on gameplay and story this is my favorite on the whole but there is a game breaking glitch just before you fight Copperhead that I had to search for ages to work out how to fix it. The fact that if you google ""Arkham Origins Copperhead glitch"" and find posts dating back three years indicates this has been around for ages and not been fixed. However once I fixed it the game was great I have only completed the main story so far and intend to go back and do all the extra stuff. I only paid about 3 pounds for this game in the sale if I'd paid the full price I would be annoyed that I had to fix it myself."
,Recommended,209000,24113533,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,Michael_Bishop,DC Comics one love
,Recommended,209000,24056218,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,Haleat,The forgotten of the series
,Recommended,209000,24092692,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,DeadShot,Good Game I Like It And Buy And Play And See This Game Is Best 10/10
76561198065108012,Recommended,209000,13237444,"Posted: 5 December, 2014",all,ßên ☣,/
,Recommended,209000,13238459,"Posted: 5 December, 2014",all,To Pimp a Butterfly,This game is awesome! I can play it all day!
,Recommended,209000,29924159,Posted: 14 February,all,Boro bot,best batman game from arkham serise
76561198009501759,Not Recommended,209000,8739108,"Posted: 17 January, 2014",all,saintgulik,"Broken - need to have major repairs. Multiple Crashes from multiple causes, corrupted unplayable saves, fails to work at all."
76561198030925864,Not Recommended,209000,18268064,"Posted: 30 September, 2015",all,Shots_fired,Forgettable characters blend seemlessly with boring combat and a dull cityscape. Boss fights vary from laughably easy to boringly grueling. The main thing this game lacks is a difficulty ramp. Sections are either a walk over or take forever.
76561198028325739,Not Recommended,209000,14363673,"Posted: 6 February, 2015",all,P1,"This game doesn't deserve the Arkham title. Rocksteady's Batman games are masterpieces. This is just a pathetic, amature attempt to capitalize on their success.Although many glitches still haven't been fixed, this is one of the best looking and optimized Unreal Engine 3, PhysX games I've played."
,Recommended,209000,18160561,"Posted: 23 September, 2015",all,KamikaziFly,"First thing I noticed, was the music from ""Nightmare Before Christmas"" was playing at the title screen. Which is ridiculous they repurposed that hit old song, but all Danny Elfman's songs sound the same.But! This game is really fun! Its like they tweaked every little thing in Arkham City gameplay for the better. Enemies now start with guns and knives, and you also get the knife dodge skill from the start. This also means the game is harder, much harder. Its like starting from the end and working your way back. Well... Arkham City lets you start off slowly, and build to serious danger. But Arkham Origins doesn't ramp up, it just starts off with serious threat level.Changes:Batman now seems heavier when he hook grips, and slings right infront of enemies.There seem to be fewer hook grips throughout the city.There is now a Game+, where I assume you get all your purchased powers, but get to start from the beginning again.etc.etc.etc...One HUGE negative, is NONE of the purchased DLC for costumes are unlocked until after you unlock them both through gameplay and then also finish the entire game and play again! This is mega bull♥♥♥♥♥♥But its really fun to play as Batman, in what is seemingly an entirely new version of the game Arkham City."
,Not Recommended,209000,19041962,"Posted: 12 November, 2015",all,SPIDERxKID,"Don't pay for full price for this game. The game looks old (Like older than Arkham City), it's full of bugs, and  it has a ton of continuity problems. However it feels and play better than the PS3 port when set on the highest settings. So unless you want the Adam West and Knightfall pack, this is probably the best bet."
76561198045961272,Not Recommended,209000,19052416,"Posted: 13 November, 2015",all,Mr.Orange!,"Can't really give this game a thumbs up because it has so many glitches and bug. I can't even get past 11% of the story mode as I reach a certain area and the game just crash no matter which direction I was in....The brand intro can't be skip either, takes so much time to load everytime the game crash. As if they are not shameful enough for develop this crappy prequel. Weapons are the same, combat moves are the same, thugs AI the same, so much the same but so much worst than the previous two titles."
76561198101103920,Not Recommended,209000,15993386,"Posted: 24 May, 2015",all,Gr1m,I don't recommend this game for the reason being of bugs. i got 5 mins into it and it started bugging out. just a bad game if it bugs out right off the bat. bad purchase on my part.
76561198066216985,Recommended,209000,16003208,"Posted: 25 May, 2015",all,DaddyJTrump,"To be honest, the optimization for this game is horrible."
76561198074745638,Recommended,209000,16017575,"Posted: 26 May, 2015",all,Teranosaurus Rex,gj
,Recommended,209000,16025681,"Posted: 27 May, 2015",all,Mr.Nameless,Boss gets stuck in the wall.Game crashes10/10
76561197995713973,Recommended,209000,15997502,"Posted: 25 May, 2015",all,XBoxScorpio™,Need help. Keyboard & Xbox 360 controller not detected in menu. Please help. tq
,Not Recommended,209000,15999249,"Posted: 25 May, 2015",all,clakie,bad game
76561198299396178,Recommended,209000,26221560,"Posted: 25 October, 2016",all,GreenRanger475,Be the godamn Batman. What's more to want?
,Recommended,209000,30484314,Posted: 12 March,all,yatesfam,"This game kicks butt... my butt.  It's a lot of fun and can be really hard, but that's a good thing!"
,Recommended,209000,30711324,Posted: 24 March,all,DeathMinister |LAB|,"Pros:-Combat is faster and more involved without adding extra combos.Cons:-Short-No ""Great Asses in Gaming"" here-GlitchyRecommendation:It's worth a play.  Get it on sale, $10, maybe $20 max."
,Recommended,209000,17148643,"Posted: 20 July, 2015",all,Jacko,"If you're like me and love the Batman games, then this is a must buy. Penguins assisntants have big boobs which made me wish i was penguin for the only time ever. Definitely buy this game for the Batman series and for the boobs!Storyline - 9/10Penguin's luckiness - 10/10"
76561198145669810,Recommended,209000,17166506,"Posted: 21 July, 2015",all,totallyatoad,i'm a pug and it has batman 10/10
76561198072016257,Recommended,209000,33490903,Posted: 12 July,all,disol1712,WHERE IS THE DETONATOR?!!
,Recommended,209000,33507166,Posted: 13 July,all,laminator,"It's fun just like other batman arkham games but i had some minor bugs so be aware, that it is not as well made as rocksteady games."
76561198091125882,Recommended,209000,16707955,"Posted: 25 June, 2015",all,Nekraphagy,"Hm.. what to say about this game.. i think it was a nice attempt at making a better batman game but unfortunately isnt as good as asylum or city. Lots of bugs and glitches in this game, (noticed 1glitch during my 1st hour of playing the game lololol). I think its an alright batman game personally, but its not the best. Id say only buy this on sale IF 1. U OWN THE OTHER 2 COPYS OF BATMAN, ASYLUM AND CITY. 2. THIS GAME IS ON SALE FOR 4.99. Other then that, id recommend this game but defitnitely not at full price."
76561198021637318,Not Recommended,209000,19231414,"Posted: 23 November, 2015",all,Just Heistin Away,"I don't recommend this game due to one boss fight and one boss fight alone.The battle with Deathstroke is the worst boss fight I have ever encountered, 30+ tries and I still can't beat it.Yea I know alot of you will say oh well you suck at games well sorry but quick time fights have never been much my thing.This fight should have either a skip fight option put in or a patch that takes this from a qte to an actual fight like the rest of the game has.Check online and you will see the sheer amount of people who are just as frustrated as I am with this disaster of a boss fight."
,Not Recommended,209000,10946770,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,lcvianna,Didn't liked it. Much worse than the previous ones.
76561197990853449,Recommended,209000,30521216,Posted: 15 March,all,Thogmar,Good sauce.
,Recommended,209000,30656731,Posted: 21 March,all,STABBY,great fun
76561198076419385,Recommended,209000,8653688,"Posted: 10 January, 2014",all,The Gull,This game is a great game. FULL on action
,Recommended,209000,18076810,"Posted: 17 September, 2015",all,☣ImMortal-47☣,Nice game!
,Not Recommended,209000,25342633,"Posted: 4 September, 2016",all,MetalCrusheR,"Disappearing models,stuttering on cutscenes, Scracthed Audio, you name 'em and this game has 'em. I regret buying it. Pirate versions are running better for some odd reason. So go pirate it I wouldn't say this if they hadn't banned me on their forums for speaking my mind. Pirate it dont buy it."
,Recommended,209000,10885017,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,OuchMaKeR,I love 3rd person games. I really like the stealthy parts.
76561198141303468,Recommended,209000,26279319,"Posted: 28 October, 2016",all,Batman,"Absoulutely amazing game! All the counteless hours i've played this have been worth it. If you are a fan of Batman, then this is your game. Honestly, I choose this one to be the best of the Arkham Series. The story is good and fresh, and the side-missions are actually worth playing and fun. Totally recommend it."
,Recommended,209000,33789972,Posted: 25 July,all,♥ 김다현 ♥,good game withfriends
,Recommended,209000,33794883,Posted: 25 July,all,The Arkham Knight,"To be honest, I certainly loved the game, from start to finish.The only gripe I had with it was that I couldn't play the game to it's full graphical potential, due to DX11 mode still being plagued with stuttering and out of sync audio during prerendered cinematics.But other than that, a good game that can be enjoyed."
,Recommended,209000,12362943,"Posted: 4 October, 2014",all,Scheherazade The Great,Are you a fan of Batman? Do you simply like beating homeless people in videogames? Do you like games? Then just get Batman: Arkham origins! It comes with a full plot and history of beating homeless people to death and tea-bagging their body!9/10 LEL 2 FUN 4 ME
76561198137553282,Recommended,209000,10709481,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,Gunslinger2024,"This game maybe fall a little behide the two before it, but it is still a great game. Now, it feels like nothing has changed from the other games and that it is the same maping as Arkham Asylum. It is nice to see the big charaters pop up and having to fight them. the item reward system sucks have to do this list of stuff to get the next item and it moves you away from the story."
,Recommended,209000,8169987,"Posted: 21 December, 2013",all,doubleR,wow. much arkham. very origins. such gameplay. yes batman
,Recommended,209000,15981262,"Posted: 24 May, 2015",all,Womse Tomse,"If you are a fan of the Batman-series, you will truely love this game.Thumbs up!"
,Recommended,209000,14393418,"Posted: 8 February, 2015",all,Mathis37,Fun game
76561198108652582,Not Recommended,209000,10235339,"Posted: 25 May, 2014",all,ErichZann,The game is too buggy
76561198216272584,Recommended,209000,15973275,"Posted: 23 May, 2015",all,chubbyfatbaby,awesome
76561198088073709,Recommended,209000,13408770,"Posted: 16 December, 2014",all,Krador,"Great game, same as City. Hours of fun. Great story. But, man, do I get mad when I start a stealth, take all enemies down and, on the last one, I get behind him and the silent takedown bugs. And, of course, I miss the original Joker voice, from the great Mark Hamil."
,Recommended,209000,18554994,"Posted: 18 October, 2015",all,SuperAyzeek,Super!
,Recommended,209000,23945357,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,tuco,"I bought this game on sale and have beat Arkham Asylum and Arkham City, but could not get this game on Xbox because I could not find it bery easily and given that I have a nice computer now, I decided to buy the game and finish it. After Arkham Knight too of course ;) Overall good graphics and story with one of my favorite kinds of gameplay"
76561198101837771,Not Recommended,209000,10442744,"Posted: 12 June, 2014",all,Hero of Thyme,Arkham City was pretty good
,Recommended,209000,33420349,Posted: 9 July,all,Lo Pan,"It's a Batman game, it's just like Arkham City. It's fun. Play it."
,Recommended,209000,16377392,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,SPARTAN 117 B01,"Batman: Arkham Origins Pros & Cons ReviewPros1: Graphically it’s a cut above the older entries into the series; it’s depiction of “Christmas Time” Gotham is chillingly beautiful and sinister.2: Arkham Origins story is fun, exciting, and entertaining but it’s not Batman’s Origin story; it’s the “Origin” of the legend of the Batman.3: Combat is the same refined system from Arkham City; but features a new “Dark Knight” system that put your skills to the ultimate test.Cons1: Unpolished in comparison to others in the series; while game breaking bugs have been fixed it’s still littered with minor bugs/glitches.2: The Dark Knight system is impossible to max out; it forces you to replay the games story multiple times to complete.3: New Game Plus mode is only unlockable on “Normal” difficulty; leaving your incomplete Dark Knight accomplishments void if you opted for Easy on your first play through.Downloadable Content ReviewCold, Cold HeartPro: Cold, Cold Heart introduces new gameplay mechanics along with a chilling origin story.Con: Cold, Cold Heart lacks difficulty selection; once completed it leaves little reason for a replay.InitiationPro: Initiation adds a “story” twist to challenge maps; showing a young Bruce on his early journey.Con: Initiation lacks cinematic narrative and feels shoehorned into an otherwise great game.KnightfallPro: Thanks to PC modding you can experience this PS3 exclusive content. (Seeherefor instructions)Con: Requires modifying game files; which can cause issues for some users unfamiliar with PC modding.Overall:7.5/10My thoughts on Batman: Arkham Origins,I enjoyed the way Batman: Arkham Origins made the criminal element of Gotham City fear the night; believing the Batman was nothing more than a myth made up by the cops. It was fun to see how his rocky relationship with James Gordon began and how it ultimately grew into a friendship. But now onto the other great things about this game other than the story. Arkham Origins is more of what you love but it does come with some pitfalls but more on that later... AO is in a lot of ways a graphically updated Arkham City; it’s more of the fun you enjoyed in that game with a few cool new toys to play with but really you need to play the game to fully understand the feel of it and how much it's like AC.Unfortunately, it's this familiarity that also knocks it down a few pegs; it also has a number of issues that can get a bit annoying though none of them are game breaking. On the one hand some of the new DLC skins are actually cool but that comes with some issues too... some of the cooler Bat-Suits require certain challenges to be completed but they must be done in story mode and many of them also unlock new gadget upgrades and if your unable to complete the challenge then you simply don't get that upgrade which really is a letdown. I understand that they wanted to add new ways to acquire these upgrades but I feel this was a very poor way of doing it. And on the subject of poor ways of doing things; one of the skins actually wouldn't unlock when you completed the challenge track which really was the prize at the end of the rainbow but instead of simply unlocking it for everyone to enjoy they removed it all together.All in all, I'd say that it's a fun game but if you happen to never pick it up you won't be missing out on much. I'd recommend this game for hardcore Arkham fans only.-SPARTAN 117 B01"
,Recommended,209000,21044975,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,davy,Great story with a Great gameplay!9/10!
,Recommended,209000,13602714,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,TheGreenman,NANANANANANANANABATMAAAAAAAAAAAAAAN!
,Recommended,209000,18161636,"Posted: 23 September, 2015",all,Chorchef,"Better than the other one said. Better than I though even many of bugs but good story line. Esspecially the DLC made me try hard than normal story. The one you should play for Batman game series, don't miss this!"
76561197971148686,Not Recommended,209000,9736559,"Posted: 5 April, 2014",all,martin_2121,"Don't buy this piece-of-crap game, a huge disappointment!"
,Not Recommended,209000,9680684,"Posted: 30 March, 2014",all,OneNerdArmy01,"It's very buggy. Crashes more than Nascar on steroids. Game itself is okay. Fact that WB is abandoning the game for more ♥♥♥♥♥♥ DLC sucks. So no, don't recommend."
76561198034311349,Not Recommended,209000,9741180,"Posted: 5 April, 2014",all,TangoBaron,"A real shame. This game is so full of bugs that you can barely enjoy the game. It is as if the game hadn't been tested for bugs. It's just aweful, I was hoping that switching to Warner Bros Montreal wouldn't change the game so much. I was a really big fan of the batman games but now I know I won't play the next Batman for sure."
,Not Recommended,209000,9741313,"Posted: 5 April, 2014",all,Nitroxide,"The only interest I had in this game was stomped out after two hours of painfully linear missions and an obvious plot twist so awful Manoj Night Shyamalan himself would be disappointed with it.It's pretty to look at and the audio isn't bad. If you've always wanted to play as Batman with the demeanour of an angsty teen and none of the brooding, cloaked protector of Gotham stuff; this is great.Side note: can developers please for the love of all that is holy stop making games with 'bonuses' that are only available during a second play-through, i.e. ""New Game+"". I want to customize my character and gaming experience when I actually have interest in the game, not after I've finished it and it's about as engaging as a hand-painted wooden Ball-in-a-Cup. Who needs constant electronic video stimulation when there's Ball-in-a-Cup? Mexico's favourite toy for over 340 years! Toss the ball, catch it in the cup, dump it out of the cup, toss it and catch it in the cup again! The ball is on a string and attached to the cup... you get the idea."
27834520983759285,Not Recommended,209000,9681295,"Posted: 30 March, 2014",all,Replika,"so far im unimpressed to say the least, this one is riddled with glitches and sloppy mechanics, camara is slow to follow so you cant see whats what, fights bug out all over the place which will♥♥♥♥♥♥you off no end and half the map and levels are just copy-pasted from AC. not sure if was rushed out or just under funded but your paying for half a game."
76561197982226280,Not Recommended,209000,9683537,"Posted: 31 March, 2014",all,Chrismacolor,"Single Player doesn't launch. Tried every suggested fix, nothing worked. WB games doesnt seem to have any support for these issues.  Waste of my money."
,Not Recommended,209000,9705710,"Posted: 2 April, 2014",all,Eplies,"If you like endless loops of black screens and falling, this is the game for you."
,Not Recommended,209000,9646588,"Posted: 27 March, 2014",all,Lily,"Game itself is not bad, but combat is so incredibly AWFUL. Batman attacks are slow (because he rotates 5 times before hitting the enemy). If you start an attack and suddenly get the counter icon the enemy WILL hit you because batman CANT stop his attack. and to evade the enemmy you have to DOUBLE TAP SPACE, I mean, WTF? this movement is WAY too slow to be actually used in hard combat moments like crocs counterattack"
,Not Recommended,209000,9708090,"Posted: 2 April, 2014",all,The Coon,"Don't buy, game won't move past loading screen and most users are getting fatal errors. EA support, as always, was useless and has no idea how to fix the issue."
,Not Recommended,209000,9660555,"Posted: 29 March, 2014",all,oldyeller78,"How in the actual heck did this game get released like this? And an even better question is how is it still in such poor shape this many months after its release?I generally don't pick games up at release because I'd rather wait and play the game after the developers have patched it a few times and cleaned up stuff that fell through the cracks before going to market. This game is on a entirely different level when it comes to bugs and I have more than a few Early Access games in my library that are more polished than this.Something was obviously wrong when the game started up and it couldn't even make it through the initial splash animations for Nvidea and stuff without the game stuttering and momentarily freezing on me. Even worse the cut scenes look like they were filmed with a 0.5 megapixel camera phone from 2004. It really is that pixelated and it STILL stutters, freezes, and has serious issues with the sound not syncing with what is going on in the scene. This is with a rig that will play any other game in my library at >60fps on the highest settings.What adds to the problem are the horrible design issues from the onset of the game. The very first time I used the grappling hook to take down a vent cover I managed to clip through the environment and send Batman into a void that was 'off the map'.All of this within the first 15 or so minutes of playing. I got to the rooftop with Killer Croc...suffered through the 240p resolution cut scene that stuttered so bad I don't even know what Batman and Croc were talking about...had the screen flicker black on me several times before I could make the first punch...and decided to quit and put my efforts into getting a refund.Out of 200+ games in my library this is the first one I'll ever say was horrible."
,Not Recommended,209000,9692722,"Posted: 1 April, 2014",all,Stump BeefKnob,"Very buggy, would not reccomend it unless it's less than $10 and you are a huge fan of Batman. Even if it weren't buggy the gameplay is quite boring."
,Recommended,209000,7996743,"Posted: 10 December, 2013",all,Promadpony,"This game is very much like the ones before it, but more polished off. The combat system is back and very easy to get used to, the gadgets are mostly the same. Most of the hype around this game was on the crime scene investigation, wich for me having played both asylum and city was just a diterent from the action. Don't get me wrong it is fun when you do it for the first, secend ,and maybe even third time but after that is just wasn't fun for me. Lastly there where not many crimes any way. Everything else in the game is good. there are no riddles to my knowledge and the trophies are funner to find."
76561197965282243,Recommended,209000,8445627,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,Hatch,"The Batman Arkham games are the best Batman video games ever!  Arkham Origins is the starting point for all the Arkham games.  In Origins, Batman is just becoming known to Gotham City.  Batman and Joker don't even know each other at the start.  The graphics on this game is great and so is the music.  Even though some of the original voice actors aren't in this game the replacements do a wonderful job and really capture Batman and Joker in full character.  NOTE:  I used to not recommend this game due to horrible glitches but most of them are fixed now.  I've found that some glitches do arise from time to time but so far hasn't made the game unplayable.  Arkham Asylum and City are still better quality games.  Even though there's still annoying glitches I still recommend Arkham Origins as part of the Arkham series.Pros:StorylineMusicGraphicsFun to playLots to doVoice actorsTons of bad guys and gadgetsAbility to fast travelConsOccasional glitchesNot developed by Rocksteady"
76561198034521569,Recommended,209000,27576103,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,N64Orc,"If you like Batman and you like a button mashy ""I feel like im Batman and whipping the crap out of people"" action, its worth your time. I wouldn't say the game has the best story but I did play through all the DLC and all of the story and its ""decent"" just not anything worth walking away and saying ""holy crap Im going to tell X about this"" but its pretty fun. Its worth it in a bundle or half off.tl;dr I like it but its more worth it in the Arkham bundle and just playing through 1-3"
,Not Recommended,209000,34230663,Posted: 14 August,all,=FR= JayBeats,"This game is such BS. I cant even play past 15% of the story before the BS kicks in and I can not even run the stupid game, Please fu@king fix."
,Recommended,209000,8587505,"Posted: 5 January, 2014",all,Soixante,Not very far into the game but it seems pretty good so far.
,Recommended,209000,16667821,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,Zhu qian qian's boy friend,good game after the patch.
,Not Recommended,209000,20339366,"Posted: 5 January, 2016",all,Misilze,"Very buggy, if you dont use hints in the bane fights, Press ""e"" after beating him downOn sale for 5$ i say is still a bit expensive for how bad the grapgics are.  check the boxes behind the riddler terminals.  the wires do not even connect the the low quality boxes behind them."
76561198205692257,Recommended,209000,18658245,"Posted: 24 October, 2015",all,MayguFuzz™,This game has been awesome to me since the beginning and im not even done plus it gives you a free online mmo version which I wasnt told about XD.
,Recommended,209000,8049560,"Posted: 14 December, 2013",all,hoohex,better than city
76561198221377256,Recommended,209000,19438471,"Posted: 2 December, 2015",all,isaachcp,Arkham Origins is one of the better Arkham games. It fetures how Batman came to know some of his most iconic villans like the Joker. The game follows Batman on Christmas eve when Black Mask send assasins after him. I really like this game and it fetures the best Batsuit in any Arkham game
76561198354800213,Not Recommended,209000,34781356,Posted: 6 September,all,Thurstan286,"this game is a decent game on consoles but the pc port is terrible, i bought it again on pc and cannot finish it because it crashes at a certain point. I have experienced 10s of crashes and the framrate dips during combat and gliding sections on a gtx 1080.Outside  of the pc port i think the game is a poorly done rip off of arkham city in so many ways. Many of the boss fights are identical, the side missions are the same (like the black mask one in this one is the same as the bane one in city) and the presentation and gameplay is the same. Arkham city was such a step up in the way the game looked (like detective mode) and played but arkham origins is just the same but with a weaker story and characters. The joker is not as good in this one as he is a mix of heath ledger and mark hamill but is not as good as either of them and isnt funny. The game is still decent tho on console and i  like some things like alfred and bane are improved in this game but overall it is a dissapointing arkham game on console and a terrible buggy game on pc.Console: 6.5/10PC: 2.5/10"
,Recommended,209000,16362263,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,EnseOne,Cool GAME !!!
,Not Recommended,209000,25088691,"Posted: 23 August, 2016",all,El Presidente,"Good example of ""cash grab"".I recommend you to buy only on sale or cheaper than it is now. It was not made by Rocksteady (creator of AA, AC and AK).This game introduces some new characters and it shows us how Batman met ... for the first time. Characters design is as good as in other Arkham games, but that is one of few good things about it. It`s not that horrible, but it does not introduce nothing new. They improved detective mode a bit. Same city from AC, devs just modified locations a little bit.You can't use grapple on many buildings and that is very annoying.It has Multiplayer, but it`s not that good.Don`t expect it to be on par with AC. As i already said - Cash grab."
76561198323856474,Recommended,209000,26020241,"Posted: 13 October, 2016",all,JMgaming,"I don’t normally write reviews for games but I feel the need to for this game. First of all, there are a lot of negative reviews for this game and all I can say is what the hell is wrong with them!? this is an amazing game! Its Arkham City but on steroids so if you love AC like me you’ll love this game there’s hours of fun to be had with this game. There is a steep learning curve to the Arkham series so id recommend starting with Arkham Asylum if your new to Arkham, but the combat mechanics are the best I’ve ever played. It’s so satisfying to take out loads of enemies without taking any damage, and using a special take down move. I could go on forever about how much I love this game but, there were just a few problems like the frame rate dropping for no reason and I’m playing on a GTX 1070 at 1080p 60fps so wtf?  I’ve heard of game breaking bugs or freezing but I’ve never encountered any (and I 100% the game) the only two game stopping bugs where when you need to interrogate an thug and for some reason the press Y prompt never came up so I couldn’t continue but a “restart from last checkpoint” fixed it but I shouldn’t have to do that. One more thing the bosses are actually a challenge this time and fun to fight (except deathstroke who is very lame and repetitive) I have a lot more to say but I want to keep this as short and sweet as possible.Anyway this is a great game despite other reviews and you should give it a try! Get a refunded if you don’t like itI give it 9.5/10"
76561198070614531,Not Recommended,209000,25893079,"Posted: 6 October, 2016",all,Bazmodius,Definitely the weakest entry in the series. It isn't a bad game per se but Asylum and City are far better and they came out before this game.
76561198018451247,Recommended,209000,13460751,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,XxX_M0rGanMLGman_xX,"Must have for all Batman fans, and people who are waiting for another Batman game. Worth those almost 4€"
,Recommended,209000,27139184,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,GOD,Started for the first Batman game series untill now :DDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDD
,Recommended,209000,27157699,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Joker,"Batman is my idol, also the Joker. But that isn't reason why i like this game !I just wanna say this game is awesome !"
76561198126422823,Recommended,209000,27168873,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Brontosaurus,The game is pritty laggy but I gues that's only my issue. :) I love this game so much but I thing Arkham asylum is better buy.
,Recommended,209000,27216658,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,DarkBoolen,I felt the story in this one was better then the story of Arkham City and that alone should get Batman fans to give Arkham Origins a chance.
76561198007141977,Recommended,209000,23357652,"Posted: 3 June, 2016",all,FURY |M4rklar$|,AMAZING!!!!!
,Recommended,209000,8212388,"Posted: 22 December, 2013",all,[PorK] (ChoP) {Sammichez},Arkham City was Better.
76561198261427610,Recommended,209000,26839896,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Borzek Budowniczy,<3
76561198115903348,Recommended,209000,20480810,"Posted: 11 January, 2016",all,NimroD,anal castration
,Recommended,209000,18838238,"Posted: 2 November, 2015",all,Hlelia,"I personally don’t understand why people dislike this part of the franchise, for me it is a great addition, expecially since the main resources were after making BAK.So, I would like to list good, first:Good DLCs. First is abour Wayne before he became Batman, and it comprises 5 maps into a single story, which is rather nice. The second tells us abour Mr.Freeze’s origins and introduces some cool gameplay mechanics. A shame you can’t use XE suit in challenges and the main game.Roger Craig Smith and Troy Baker did really good jobs sounding like young Kevin Conroy and Mark Hamill – when you listen to their voices you actually believe the characters are younger; they are fresh; they are green. Also, if you concentrate, you can distinguish Ezio’s voice (though it’s a lot harder without the accent).Since it is really big city, the introduction of fast travel was crucial. In the previous game it was mundane to circle all the way around the tower.Joker’s origins were shown – the chemical plant, the red hood, the comedian part – it was a really well-placed Easter egg. Along with Dr.Quinzel, I might add.Bane was, in my opinion, close to the ideal (I look back to Bane from BAA and BAC, and also from the movies). He wears just the right clothes, he is devilishly smart and he is really a formidable opponent. Also, it was good to get to know how he ended up being a hulk of a man in previous games compared to what he is in the comic books.This part of the franchise has the best costumes. Of course, I liked Sinestro corps from the previous game, but here: Black/White Lantern, Knight of the Round Table, from Gotham by Gaslight, Red Son, Injustice. A lot to choose from.Challenges are held by different characters. In the first game, since Joker was the mastermind, he controlled all the challenges. In the second, it was all Riddler (and, frankly, in case of losing, I got tired of his speeches), except for Penguin and Joker DLC maps, of course. Here, finally, separate room means separate villain behind it, which is nice.On less positive note, I would state some negative points:Joker again. Seriously, why it always has to be him? When I first heard about the game and there was “Black Mask put bounty on your head...” I was excited.I understand why they had to have grapnel boost – bigger location, it would be painfully dull to traverse the city without it. But since in the previous game only ‘prototype’ of it was introduced, this makes no sense.Some dark knight challenges (especially predator challenges) are painful to do – if you don’t have a walkthrough for the challenges and you miss several unique spots – you can’t progress further because there won’t be another opportunity such as this. This also applies to the combat challenge, where you have to go in a very dangerous fight and achieve perfect freeflow, use all gadgets and moves.Still, I recommend this game for your attention – it is really interesting to know the Origins of some stories."
76561198157797371,Recommended,209000,26727128,"Posted: 20 November, 2016",all,CEO,Great game
76561198103275496,Recommended,209000,17079703,"Posted: 16 July, 2015",all,Revenge,very tactical and interesting game i justl ove it no glitches
76561198056586723,Recommended,209000,11975952,"Posted: 4 September, 2014",all,Drjellyfinger0,"Still Batman ArkhamI have played the previous two Arkham games in the series and I felt both were friggin' awesome. I went into this one, after reading a  lot of the reviews for it and had a negative outlook on it. But, after my first ten minutes with the game I knew that all of those negative reviews were written to get traffic and in no way actaully reflect the game itself. Yes, it is not that much of an Origin story, unless you play it and realize its an Origin of Arkham and of the Joker's relationship with the Bat. The gameplay, combat, and mechanics truly have been taken straight from Arkham City and with the addition of some other gadgets it can become quite interesting. I found the story to be exceptional and the voice acting to be really spot on. You can ignore the multiplayer though. All in all, Batman Arkham Origins is another step into the cowl and that, to me, is a reason enough to pick this game up."
,Recommended,209000,7477510,"Posted: 25 October, 2013",all,Vox Chaotica,Batman is mai waifu.
,Recommended,209000,13129672,"Posted: 28 November, 2014",all,ReBoot,"Great gameplay, great writing. And a while ago, I would not have concidered me being a Batman fan."
,Not Recommended,209000,22412626,"Posted: 14 April, 2016",all,Stuff,"""Connection to steam lost"" Nuff said."
76561198341660265,Recommended,209000,34145085,Posted: 10 August,all,Kara,if u play on hard crocman is realy hard lole xd
,Recommended,209000,34149497,Posted: 10 August,all,Xb,Noice
,Not Recommended,209000,18095597,"Posted: 19 September, 2015",all,fouraces42,"pros the game was $5. u.s.   lots of fighting.Cons. challenge mode is hard. the ai attacks while your doing a take down. which is impossible to block during that time.  tons of non fixed glitches all throughout the game. its the same as the other Arkhams. the moves list in the menu is missing a lot of moves. they only come up during challenge mode and thats for a few seconds.  i usually do not recommend this, but im going to advise you get some OUTSIDE help while playing challenge mode."
,Recommended,209000,17805691,"Posted: 30 August, 2015",all,Yung Draco,DedParents
,Recommended,209000,33455150,Posted: 11 July,all,Gabbe The Golden Comedian,For some reason this game gets alot of undeserved hate. I thought it was really great.8/10(Don't do the Enigma mission)
,Recommended,209000,23220421,"Posted: 26 May, 2016",all,Hanzo,Last Batman game that developers still cared about. For me Batmans story ends with this sequel.
,Recommended,209000,13577572,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,Dem0nFlare,I think its the best of the series.
,Not Recommended,209000,18334678,"Posted: 4 October, 2015",all,Urethra Franklin,"I purchased this buggy piece of trash for reasonably cheap just after it came out. A couple of hours into the game, I walked through a door in the GCPD building and started falling forever. My game just happened to auto-save as soon as I walked through the god damned door, so trying to restart at the last checkpoint spawned me falling forever.""The game has just come out"", I told myself, ""surely this game-breaking bug will be fixed in time!"" How wrong was I?I installed and booted up the game just the other day and reloaded my save. Nope, still falling. No worries, it's been a long time since I've played, I should probably restart the story again anyway. Within hours, I encountered my first game-breaking bug. For whatever reason, I couldn't unjam the signal tower. The objective just wouldn't complete.That's fine, I still have a marker to go and collect Penguin's sim cards. Off I glide to go complete that objective, thinking that perhaps if I progress through the mission far enough, the old objectives will just automatically complete. I get to the second sim card and what happens? It also doesn't complete. Furthermore, now the only quest marker I have is for the god damned signal tower, but I'm supposed to go to some ship in the harbor and find the Penguin. Luckily, my memory served me well and I vaguely remembered where I was supposed to go.I infiltrate the ship (with no markers and only Batman talking to himself to let me know that I was where I was supposed to be) and things seem to be going okay. Then I get in a fight with the Electrocutioner. He jumps at me, I jump at him. This one is gonna be a good one! Hold up, what the ♥♥♥♥? He's knocked the ♥♥♥♥ out the minute I make contact with him. Huh, some boss fight.I continue through the ship and finally come to Deathstroke. A difficult battle, but I somehow manage to get through it after the nth attempt. I feel good, I've done it. I get a lead to a murder at some apartment complex. Everything's coming up Batman! So I leave the ship, some angsty teenager starts talking to Gotham on TVs scattered around the entrance. Great, someone else to beat up later on down the line. But what's this? No. Surely not. The game still wants me to deactivate the god damned tower and find Penguin's second sim card.With no other markers and no way to progress, I'm now apparently left with the option of never playing Arkham Origins again, or restarting the entire story from scratch. Again. I think I'll opt for the former.If you want a Batman game that isn't a buggy piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥ play Asylum or City. Do not buy this game, do not support this ♥♥♥♥♥♥ developer (who is on record saying that they won't fix any of the many game-breaking bugs people have found)"
,Recommended,209000,15941304,"Posted: 22 May, 2015",all,Incarnation of Immortality,"It may Not be Cannon, but its still a great Game. Well thought Out. For those first time players A great game. They Improved Off of ARKHAM City by Adding Marshal Art Masters, Snipers ( I Know they were in arkham city But near the end.), And Bane Grunts. They Made the Arkham city DeadShot Missions look Lame. And adding Deathstroke was a Very Nice Touch, Although Defeating  Deathstroke should have been more a of a challenge Considering that DeathStroke Killed the entire JusticeLeague  at one Point in the comics, Also I like Joker."
,Recommended,209000,20172185,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,Not a fan of injoker,"Copy pasta from the last game, Batman Arkham City. Still a good game."
,Recommended,209000,13208011,"Posted: 2 December, 2014",all,honorabili,"A must play/own especially if they played the two previous games. Sure, it's almost the same game but they're all really well made."
,Recommended,209000,17513577,"Posted: 12 August, 2015",all,Erwin Rommel,Loveed the story a ton but there didnt seem to be that much to do after the game side mission wise (Maybe it was just me)
,Recommended,209000,12495822,"Posted: 14 October, 2014",all,Leelaw,"The best batman simulator, until it's sequel."
,Recommended,209000,13564041,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,R[OH]ss,I'll just add to what is said in postive reviews that this game is best played during the holidays
,Recommended,209000,8465478,"Posted: 31 December, 2013",all,HAWNEYMAN,"Honestly, I wanna see you be brave"
76561198091103208,Not Recommended,209000,14289881,"Posted: 1 February, 2015",all,1B-15-FirelFox,The Game Ant reseiving any more updates there   is to many bugs that me my self n others noticed.There r some hackers  n there ant alot of online Game Mods so lets put this in plain wordsGAME LACKS THE FOLLOWING*Updates*Price is pretty high*Lack of Online modes*Lack of fixing bugs*Lack of online players due to the  following above---GOOD PARTS*Amazing detail*kool maps*freedom in singal player*Lots of weapons when your Batman or Robin--Reason i dont say yes to this is the followingREAD THE LACKING PARTS N U KNOW WHY
,Not Recommended,209000,18658595,"Posted: 24 October, 2015",all,Cajun Bullet Magnet,"It's fun, it was a good timekiller for the sale price I paid but jesus christ this game is so buggy....  Even in 2015, I remember hearing it was glitchy at launch.... I had to restart my game often.  Sometimes it would just be a stupid giltch like when I'm flying and Batman starts spinning around in infinite loops or something.  Sometimes the bosses would vanish or punch me out of the game.    The DLC I bought I found some gamebreaking bug and forced between restarting all my progress or quitting I chose the latter.  I'd give this game a 7/10.  It's nowhere as good as Asylum or City.  The ending for this game is terrible too, there's no real final fight it just... suddenly ends."
76561198053350422,Not Recommended,209000,18665296,"Posted: 24 October, 2015",all,Aegan,First the postive sides:- Fun sandbox to glide around when in the city- Nice little side questsThen the bad:- Missions very linear- Repeatitive- No alternative ways on doing thing- Stealh only in name (can't really sneak around)
,Not Recommended,209000,18725478,"Posted: 28 October, 2015",all,A Malicious Mug,its aight
,Recommended,209000,35342645,Posted: 30 September,all,Jeff,"Baru coba kasih 3 bintang dulu aja ya, kalau bagus ntar tambah lagi"
76561198369826019,Recommended,209000,34790047,Posted: 7 September,all,goldar73,great batman game...1st one iv'e played on pc and way better than console.
,Recommended,209000,35179709,Posted: 24 September,all,ταιοη_Ch@r1esH√,Buggy. Fat rat bat.
76561198120876506,Recommended,209000,35238089,Posted: 27 September,all,کcooby4k,greet game
76561198026247094,Not Recommended,209000,34482805,Posted: 25 August,all,Nnifty,"I played the first two in the series and really enjoyed them, but this one I justs didn't find much fun at all. The levels, the boss battles, the side missions - sorry, it just wasn't as good as the first two at all."
76561198015589318,Not Recommended,209000,15980838,"Posted: 24 May, 2015",all,Timmiiii,"I love the Batman series, I really do. But this game is no way near complete. Very buggy, and atm I have no sound, and it can be fixed until WB patches. Which in my under standing they never will."
,Not Recommended,209000,18131552,"Posted: 21 September, 2015",all,AncientWolf,To be toalty honest this game came out to late it should have been the first. But it just fallsout of the whole batman story line That makes me angry so i have to say i dont like this game but batman arkham knight is just amazing sry batman arkham origins! :(
,Recommended,209000,28276307,"Posted: 9 December, 2016",all,Lil Zap,One of the best Christmas games out thereGotta relax over the Christmas Holiday and play Batmanwith a cup of hot Chocolate in one hand and a mince pie in the othernot another superhero game that comes close to the BATMAN franchise11/23 IGN
76561198053187402,Recommended,209000,13502250,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,❤LEE©,This game is batshit crazy and I love it
,Recommended,209000,13504285,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,køala,the most amazing game i have ever played ever 11/10
76561197986104232,Recommended,209000,13491887,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,dosterenator,Just started this game and I am beginning to hate console gamers.  Its a port so far ok except had trouble with quickfire for batarang.  On second thought I do hate console gamers.
,Recommended,209000,9957843,"Posted: 27 April, 2014",all,Alpha17x,Overall a good game. Very poor job of explaining new weapon use. There will be plent of times were you see 'USE -new item- on Door/Object'  and you target and get no indicator of being able to use it. Directions are frequently misleading and frustrating and quite often not directly reference the action you're supposed to take.The most frustrating weapon is the disruptor. You hear about how to use it ahead of time and when you attempt to do so the first time it does nothing because there is no clear target indicator. You then have to wait for weapon cooldown in spite of it supposedly having two shots.  Mess up and you're waiting close to 10 minutes.It's use may have been intentionally designed to cause frustration and addictive gameplay through spite.Some puzzles are not fun at all and simply frustrating such as the mad hatter puzzle; which offers no real explanation of how to solve it. You just run through the doors♥♥♥♥♥♥first until you succeed while he plays the same 4 voice clips like a broken record.When the player base (even a portion) has to resort to a strategy website; the designer has failed.
,Recommended,209000,29981782,Posted: 17 February,all,✪ [K]ing -iwnl- Farmskins.com,good
,Recommended,209000,7615333,"Posted: 9 November, 2013",all,Nkond39,"Not as good as first two ""Batman Arkham"" games, but still lightyears ahead of any other superhero game."
76561198071323152,Not Recommended,209000,14769251,"Posted: 6 March, 2015",all,Gaben's Garden Gnome,this is a far cry from the previous Rock Steady Batman Arkham series
,Recommended,209000,33976922,Posted: 2 August,all,DDBBVV[ZOMS],"Four out of five stars. This is my favorite addition to the Arkham franchise. Despite Arkham Knight being bigger with more crime to fight this one has the most memorable atmosphere. The combat is grittier than the other games and the story has a true passion behind it that the other games miss the mark on. Perhaps the change in developers gave this franchise the breath of fresh air it needed to keep the franchise alive while Knight was being developed. The boss fights are definitely the most nail biting I've ever played on any game and the city feels a lot more alive than any of the games prior. That said, it does suffer from occasional glitches. They're so rare that it wouldn't be a problem if not for ""I am the night"" mode. There is nothing more punishing than giving a player one life and then throwing them into problems to which there is no solution. Having lost to enemies who can suddenly see and shoot through walls and dying from borderline instakill weapons; the developers left zero room for any mistakes on both the player's end and that of the game engine. Sadly, the latter was not polished enough for the game's hardest diffiulty to be anything but a complete waste of time. It's still a once in a lifetime game. Just not one you'll want to completely finish."
,Recommended,209000,18621386,"Posted: 21 October, 2015",all,Gaming Pig,This game is not good like arkham asylum or arkham cityArkham asylum and city they are aswome this is niceIts diffrent i think its a nice gameI give it 7/10
76561198153427664,Recommended,209000,23601005,"Posted: 16 June, 2016",all,xxKemalxx LOL :D,"Batman: Arkham Origins, more like Batman: Ark Survival go ♥♥♥♥ yourself"
,Not Recommended,209000,24418525,"Posted: 19 July, 2016",all,nothgiel7,"This game is mediocre at best. This game was only made because WB wanted more money between Arkham City and Arkham Knight. The game is basically just a worse version of Arkham City.CONSThe map is terrible, it has a giant bridge in the middle of it and it is a pain to consistently have to cross it, plus there are giant walls scattered throughout that you can't grapnel over. The map is also very unrememberable to the point that I kept getting lost all of the time, a problem that I have not had with the other Arkham games.The game also looks pretty weird. Everything is very bright and somewhat cartoony. Also everything either looks soft or matte.WB montreal were super lazy with their character models. When ever they tried to speak their lips moved like they had a mind of their own. Some of the characters textures looked like they where drawn on. Some of they character models were recycled from Arkham City.The story was horrible. I completely stopped caring after the Joker turned out to be the main bad guy. Most of the game I just whent to the objective and beat up people till I got a cutscene.It is overall easier than  than all of the other games. It holds your hand the entire time. I beat it without really paying attention to anything.ProsThe detective system was pretty cool.Their are some cool new enemies like the martial artists and the enforcers.It has the best bosses in the series.( Except Firefly, that was so ♥♥♥♥ing stupid.)I did like Batman's charater model.This is by far the worst Arkham game in the series and is just a money grab. The only reason I have it is because I got it for free with Arham Knight.5/10"
,Not Recommended,209000,29593506,Posted: 30 January,all,[Juicy] Steak,"I bought this game for 5 bucks in sale - but considering that the normal price is 20$ I just have to give this game a thumps down, because for me it is definitly not worth the price.I played all other Batman games so I consider myself quite a fan of the series.Sadly Origins lacks in a lot of ways.-Story-The story is just meh. It never catches you at any point tbh it is soooo boring! Also it just doesnt make any sense: The whole plot seems so random. Also the story never builds up any emotion and any ""secret"" or ""plot twist"" is so♥♥♥♥♥♥♥obvisous that you can see it coming right at the beginning.-Gameplay-If you played any other Batman game: It is exactly the same. Nothing new,-Graphics-There has not changed anything since Arkham City. In a lot of cutscenes I have the feeling that the Graphics are even worse...To conclude: This game feels like a DLC to Arkham City. The world is much more open but so empty that you often fly around and just got nothing to do exepct these collectables from the riddler? Seriously couldnt WB come up with anything else? If you are a fan of the series only but this if you want to conclude your collection. If you search for a new game stick to Arkham Knight. Origins will only disappoint you."
,Recommended,209000,11531115,"Posted: 3 August, 2014",all,Timotheustheman,"great game i love it alot, cant put it down."
,Not Recommended,209000,29515052,Posted: 26 January,all,Lukeeee,5/10 its a copy paste of arkham city with less features. into the trash it goes.
,Not Recommended,209000,21990851,"Posted: 22 March, 2016",all,Rob.Fag.24,"Terrible. Worse Arkham Game Ever made, boss fights were meh, Combat was♥♥♥♥♥♥ story was ok, but overall..... DONT BUY THIS GAME"
,Not Recommended,209000,26210879,"Posted: 25 October, 2016",all,Chance,"I've decided to beat every game I own in steam alphabetically, this game challenged me as I uninstalled it 7 times prior to beating it. I'm commited to this not only for the enjoyment I get from completing games but to make me really do research before I make a purchase from here on. That said, I hated this game, never having played a Batman game this was my entry into the series, origins what a pleasant place right? No, ♥♥♥♥. This. Game. I feel like it was a satirical piece written on why batman is actually worse than those he punishes, how everything he does ends up having larger and worse consequences and I always felt like a scumbag for coldstomping thugs. I get that this is a piece of batmans lore and the ethical question of why a vigilante is allowed always comes up, the way they handle it does not ever paint him in good light.Gameplay wise they also make him feel like a knuckle dragging buffoon as he is incompetent and unresourceful. Every puzzle is completed EXACTLY how the developers intended. There is no creative content or clever use of 'battricks' one would expect from the smartest super hero of all time. He is bound by physics and law to move precisely how they want him to, which felt like the gravest sin of all. Give me nifty tricks, give me new tools and then force me to use them the way you intended? I hate you, I hate everything about you."
,Recommended,209000,13542023,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,Deltatech,"I played Asylum on PS3 right after Launch, The graphics are good on my rig,everything set to Max. There are a lot of cutsceens,I'll edit this after more gameplay.I have all three in my Library,I bought each for $4.99 on sale, can't go wrong for that low!I don't notice any difference between the three titles other than story so far.The game runs smooth, no crashes or issues for me so far.I am pleased with the deal on this title!:laser:"
,Not Recommended,209000,35408038,Posted: 2 October,all,Unclekulikov,"Do not recommend.Batman: Arkham Asylum has better story and gameplay, Batman: Arkham City has better scale and spectacle.This game is a cheap cash grab built using the tools of the other games but without an understanding of how they work. Enemy movement, fast travel and controls suffer from bugs, the level design is copied from Arkham city but made worse by a lack of grappling edges, and there are precious few predator / stealth encounters.The story is inadequate and the gameplay is hampered by clumsy controls and design.I got this for $5 on sale and I regret it."
,Recommended,209000,22818652,"Posted: 5 May, 2016",all,KyleisnotBrown,It's not Arkham Knight.
76561197984176999,Not Recommended,209000,10007748,"Posted: 3 May, 2014",all,Coco Fidel,Nothing really new. Would play arkham city over this. Couldn't shake the feeling that they were just using Arkham city with a face lift. Generally unsatisfied by the end.
76561197975631717,Recommended,209000,9449498,"Posted: 13 March, 2014",all,Matscher,i am Batman
,Not Recommended,209000,7781133,"Posted: 26 November, 2013",all,Kuka Mama,Piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥ Don't buy this crap. This game have ton of bugs on all platforms. 40 hours of game get wasted. / Кусок ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥а. Не покупайте это ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥о. Эта игра имеет массу ошибок на всех платформах. 40 часов игры потрачены впустую.
,Recommended,209000,24749777,"Posted: 6 August, 2016",all,Basil Brush,ripoff pac man
,Not Recommended,209000,15967097,"Posted: 23 May, 2015",all,Doddi,just like the other games :/ money not well spend
76561198115093915,Not Recommended,209000,24966713,"Posted: 16 August, 2016",all,wileybear2,"why did i buy this game?? it offers nothing the predessecors didhnt already give. The one new game mechanic the shoch gauntlets are terrible and over powered.A copy pasted game that somehow manages to mess up the bland game levels, the stealth sections are boring. stay away.... or suffer the wrath of poorly implemented mechanics."
,Recommended,209000,30116060,Posted: 23 February,all,𝓶𝓸𝓵𝓽𝓲𝓸𝓃,nice game
,Recommended,209000,30828536,Posted: 30 March,all,Unicorn,Another one Batman:)
76561198150027657,Not Recommended,209000,33966473,Posted: 2 August,all,ManWorb,"A game that actively punishes you for using the gliding mechanic build into it, brilliant. Total waste of time and complete piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥ If you are a completionist you will be ♥♥♥♥ up the♥♥♥♥♥3 different times.1.) Beat the game, all of the DLC, and complete the ♥♥♥♥♥♥ riddler♥♥♥♥♥♥2.) Do it all again but without counter icons.3.) DO IT AGAIN without counter icons and if you die, even once, that's it game over start again from the beginning.♥♥♥♥ THIS GAME.And don't even get me started on the snipers that are more acurate than Deadshot."
,Not Recommended,209000,33921390,Posted: 30 July,all,- D4rKy* ™ - Get Rekt <<,Game is good there's no doubt abt that but let me remind you that if u're looking to play online forget it ! Its dead allways 😐 Dont know why they made many achievements while playing online when all you devs are going to close it permanently .. very sad
,Not Recommended,209000,22288644,"Posted: 7 April, 2016",all,jesse jason miers,u
76561198315626015,Not Recommended,209000,34995820,Posted: 16 September,all,Syel Allouch,"Not as engaging as the rest of the series, but has a pretty solid story."
76561198104361263,Recommended,209000,29224364,Posted: 13 January,all,Taddy Mason,"I love all the Batman Arkham games I've played and this is no exception. It's gotten a lot of crap over the years for things like bugs and the multiplayer no longer being usable. I never noticed any bugs while playing and I never even tried the multiplayer, so those things never bothered me. The story's not that memorable-it's mostly just trying to set up many of Batman's villains you see in the later games. I like this game because it came out after Arkham asylum and Akrham city, so it has all the gadgets and features of them, but takes you back to before Batman was well known. Like an origin story that starts halfway through. After he's got the suit, the gadgets and been doing it for a while. This game would have suffered immensely if it tried to restrict you to the control scheme available to you during the Arkham asylum game. The new gadgets, terrain, and features all combine to make this game an enjoyable experience in my opinion. I liked the feeling of going back to Batman's roots, but with all the knowledge, skill, and gadgets he/I obtained after completing Arkham asylum and Arkham city. Adding in the new enemies like the martial artists and venom users was a nice touch and increased the difficulty-which I loved. I never beat the new game plus mode because it was too hard. I think these games are at their best on the highest difficulty. I feel most like Batman when things are their most difficult and I feel this game puts you in incredibly tough situations more often than the other Batman games.In all, I think this game is as good as the others that came out. It's story isn't as great as them, but it's got better and more interesting/fun gameplay than all of them except Arkham knight. If you liked the Batman games or haven't tried any of them-this is definitely a good one to get."
,Recommended,209000,9739521,"Posted: 5 April, 2014",all,Akka,"An improvement from Arkham City, but still not quite as magical as Asylum. Boss fights are spectacular and the basic combat gears into overdrive once you get the shock gloves.You're out of your mind if you think I'm going to find all the neon green riddler collectables."
76561198162628139,Not Recommended,209000,28948443,Posted: 2 January,all,Kristoph DeLove,My rig will play The Witcher 3 Max Settings 60fps no problem.This crashed my PC no matter what I did.Dont buy this (at least on PC)It's TERRIBLY optimized (if it even was at all)
76561198122498392,Not Recommended,209000,35110415,Posted: 21 September,all,SpitDragon,"Why did I buy this? Oh Yeah, The one before it kicked♥♥♥♥♥"
76561198407259566,Not Recommended,209000,35333804,Posted: 30 September,all,Alphagone,"comparing to previous series (Arkham Asylum and Arkham City), this game Arkham Origin is a shiit. Do not purchase this version. But Arkham Asylum and Arkham City is great."
76561198084985685,Recommended,209000,27736337,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Kronos,"Brings back a lot of memories. I don't care if people hate it, I still think this is the best Batman game I have ever played. Dark, Stealthy, Memorable !"
,Not Recommended,209000,22810335,"Posted: 5 May, 2016",all,Pon Teyuen,"I can only comment on the technical quality of this PC port -- which is extremely poor -- rather than the gameplay. That's because this was so unplayable on my fairly powerful system that I didn't successfully get to the gameplay. So much so I requested a refund. I had heard terrible things about the Arkham Knigh port, but figured this earlier game wouldn't suffer these same issues. particularly after a few years in the wild. Nope, same low quality control.First of all, even the opening cinematic -- and every area after that -- had extremely low framerate and juttered and stuttered constantly, even after adjusting my settings. This on a system which has easily run smoothly even graphically demanding and UNOPTIMIZED code like Ark or Star Citizen. This doesn't even account for items like Injustice from the same publisher which run fine. Strike 1.Strike 2: While for many games on a PC I do do KB+M, for brawlers and like -- particularly ones designed for console -- I like using a controller. Every game I've installed on Steam and outside it has had no problem recognizing the controller if it's supported. Overwatch, TF2, Injustice, etc. However, while this game did RECOGNIZE a controller, it didn't respond to it's inputs in any way. So another case of this game failing a technical task that many other publishers seem to be able to do. I've been playing Overwatch Beta, and that -- in BETA -- is 1000% more technically polished and stable than this. Heck, it even recognized my Blackwidow keyboard and changed lighting in response to game actions. Even WB's Injustice, while buggier than most non-WB games I played, is acceptably ported.WB should be embarassed at the low technical quality of their port here, and one wonders if they are going to do such a poor job of it, why they even bother."
,Recommended,209000,9370117,"Posted: 6 March, 2014",all,Dumples09,"This is easily the best Arkham game to date. Without a doubt, a must play for fans of the series. The story is great and so are the mechanics. I just wish that the bugs would all be fixed by now which is my only negative opinion of the the game as a whole."
76561198091523133,Recommended,209000,9063150,"Posted: 12 February, 2014",all,ambenson,Epic multiplayer gameplayHave some glitches
,Recommended,209000,9072342,"Posted: 12 February, 2014",all,kamen_volk,"Arkham Origins is by no means a perfect game. It has its bugs and glitches, and it can be infuriating at times. For all these problems, Arkham Origins is a lot of fun. The storyline is really interesting and it has a lot of side objectives to get ""side"" tracked by. The enemies are tougher, faster, and harder to beat than the previous Arkham games, and Batman doesn't react and move as fast as the previous iterations. It makes for a difficult and harrowing experience at times.The puzzles are lot easier, and one thing I really miss from the previous games were the riddles. It was fun trying to seek out the and find the objects or items that the riddler was alluding to. The puzzle aspects of Origins were pretty hollow, and it ended up being more of a chore than it should have been.Many people have complained about the plot being more about :spoilers: The Joker than the assassins :spoilersover:which I didn't find to be that irritating. It was interesting to find how the relationships Batman had with many enemies in his gallery were established in the Arkham universe. It's a great game, and even more so if your a fan of the dark knight like I am. I would definitely recommend this fun and sometimes difficult romp in this iteration of the Batman universe."
,Recommended,209000,9083203,"Posted: 13 February, 2014",all,TheGreyGeezer,"This game could have been better if they had put more thought in to it, as well as more testing, riddled with bugs from release made for a poor impression of the studio that produced this game, although entertaining, it is nothing to the other two previous batman games"
,Recommended,209000,9095921,"Posted: 13 February, 2014",all,Derek Is Satan,"Batman:Arkham Orgins is seriously a good game. It gets alot of hate for not being as agood as Arkham City, but seriously, would it be fair if i comparded Skyrim to Morrowind? Overall, great game, many of the function are recycled from Arkham City, though. If you are a fan of batman, you will love this game if you haven't already bought and downloaded it yet. If you're new to the game and not a batman fan, go to one of your freinds who has the game. Play with them. Only make your decsion after trialing the game for yourself, because it does have some flaws. In general, great story, awsome gameplay, I actually grew to like Deathstroke more than Batman himself, and that's saying something. Exceptional game. Why you hatin'?"
,Recommended,209000,9128860,"Posted: 15 February, 2014",all,[void],"This game is great. The combat is almost identical to the previous two titles, so it's absolutely brilliant. I love the plot, and the world is massive and awesome to explore. I have experienced a few bugs, but nothing game breaking. If you like Batman games or amazing combat, you'll love this game."
,Recommended,209000,9128924,"Posted: 15 February, 2014",all,hippieyoda,"Great game, still maintains the awesome Batman fighting we know and love. But same gadgets and map size as before. so yeah... iT'S AWESOME!!!! 7/10"
76561198150538196,Recommended,209000,17879529,"Posted: 4 September, 2015",all,McAwesome,Hey can  someone help i have a problem.When i try do go online and play quick match it showls that steam drops me of.And i can't play.
76561198173290851,Recommended,209000,15423386,"Posted: 17 April, 2015",all,LJay24,"This game is amazing. I mean, the graphics are way better than xbox 360 and the gameplay is terrific. From a scale from 1-10 i vote this game 10 because of the graphics, gameplay, and the price that I personally bought it by."
,Recommended,209000,9099935,"Posted: 14 February, 2014",all,kouby,"nice game in a great series. nothing original coompared to arkham city though, just more of the same."
76561198139520562,Recommended,209000,12179444,"Posted: 21 September, 2014",all,Billy Frost,"Pros:-New enemies-Good story-Great voice acting (like always)-It has multiplayer-It explains everything you need to know about the origins of almost everyone-Awesome soundtrackCons:-Its literaly a reskin of arkham city (same combat, mechanics, etc)-No innovation8/10 The only thing that saved this game from a 7/10 is that it shares the same fun as arkham city but dont pay full price"
,Not Recommended,209000,12571429,"Posted: 19 October, 2014",all,-Wr- SWC/Key via WA:081617183138,Please Fix the bug : Private room
,Recommended,209000,8002680,"Posted: 11 December, 2013",all,July B,"I love it!! I love the combat and cinematics, they add the drama. Alfred is cool!! Best of it's franchise. Enough said!!!!!!!!!!!!"
,Not Recommended,209000,16300493,"Posted: 10 June, 2015",all,Ironfists82,"i would not recommend this game to anyone. It is overly glitchy and at times impossible to play. Once i got to a certain spot the game would glitch on me and i could go no further untill a patch was released. When i was nearly at the end, this game glitched and would not go past the start screen. All i could watch was the start screen where you would see the bat symbol with snow blowing acoss it, then it would restart and do it all over again."
,Recommended,209000,10401456,"Posted: 8 June, 2014",all,ijflxn,This game is great. I run with 4GB on this game and its like a dream. I definately recommend it. MORE DLC!
,Not Recommended,209000,16029071,"Posted: 27 May, 2015",all,Preacherman,"[PC version] This fails miserably, especially in comparison to Arkham City, but sadly on its own as well, rating 2 maybe 3 stars.  Buggy, with graphical bugs in the first miniboss fight, .. and the second.. and the third.. I don't mean small glitches, I mean minibosses disappearing.  Okay, so possibly ""its just me"", PCs being different, etc., (take that chance if you wish).  Summing up, there are some huge mistakes, flaws, inconsistencies and just general weakness in the design and production of this Batman: Arkham game.  You could pass on this and not miss much."
,Recommended,209000,9676988,"Posted: 30 March, 2014",all,confused,plenty of bugs but the game itself is awesome and looks nice
76561198056840552,Recommended,209000,8219868,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,Munasankari,Very good.
76561198082614102,Not Recommended,209000,10485993,"Posted: 15 June, 2014",all,ndbeamon,Their are some major glitches in the game they should fix if they wish for people to continue to play this such as the elevator glitch where you keep falling through the floor i still can't get past 10 percent because of this
,Not Recommended,209000,12424552,"Posted: 9 October, 2014",all,alilgoat,Not motivated enough to even try to play this again.So many better games out there...4.5/10
76561198114695933,Recommended,209000,26340177,"Posted: 31 October, 2016",all,kimchi1964,This game is just... awesome!
76561198119604180,Recommended,209000,9435533,"Posted: 11 March, 2014",all,Bruh,"Aside from having what is possibly in the top 10 most annoying boss fights in history and a next to impossible New Game Plus mode this is a very fun game. The story telling is great. If you you like the other games, you'll love this. If you've never played the others, this is a good game to start with.I'm not going to spoil the boss fight but the New Game Plus mode in this game is MUCH harder than the the first 2. In my opinion, this ruins it because i always liked the NGP mode to be a little easier just for the sake of goofing off.I definitely recommend it, but it's not as good as Asylum and City."
76561198091366327,Recommended,209000,9400057,"Posted: 9 March, 2014",all,cottonjwood,"This game doesnt come close to the previous arkham games but this is still a good time, with an awesome storyline"
76561198020441057,Not Recommended,209000,16321376,"Posted: 11 June, 2015",all,Kimono Kurt Russell,I have no words for how off the mark this game is.
76561198006890993,Not Recommended,209000,7525669,"Posted: 30 October, 2013",all,Ray Smuckles (Icky Moves),"Buggiest PC launch I've seen in 20 years.  Just wow.  If you can suffer through the dozens of glitches and bugs and the ridiculous fps at the end, its not a bad story."
76561198034470616,Not Recommended,209000,10782685,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,DAYMAN,"EXTREMELY DISSAPOINTING, ALL CINIMATICS LAG IN BOTH VIDEO AND AUDIO (sometimes at the same time). THE GAME CONSISTANTLY GLITCHES AND CRASHES... EVEN WITH THE AMAZING STEAM SUMMER SALE I WAS STILL RIPPED OFF!"
76561197976612595,Recommended,209000,10964897,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,MechZahn,"People suck, this game does not!At first I read review after review about how this game just doesnt bring enough to the table to justify this game as a purchase but seriously it's seven dollars right now and this game has hands down the best story out of all three. Seriously its not the story you think it is, a real gem.Secondly the game play is all the things that made earlier titles with some questionable add ons which is most people's complaints. Seriously though its not broken its just not what some people wanted it to evovle into...yet.Graphics clean and fun.Some slow downs here and there and more then one cut scene strangely cut into an odd action though, my only real complaint of the game."
,Not Recommended,209000,16727855,"Posted: 26 June, 2015",all,Garrdog,The Geiest game you'll never play
,Recommended,209000,9244257,"Posted: 24 February, 2014",all,DemonicTactician,"I love this game. The story took a far different path from past games, it was more of a broad overview and I found it to be a very enjoyable game."
,Not Recommended,209000,16075617,"Posted: 30 May, 2015",all,ac19189,"AVOID THIS! I would go as far as to say avoid all WB games to be honest. They announced back around 2014 that they couldn't be bothered to patch the game breaking bugs this game has I have content I can't play or get to because the bugs have broken my game. The only option is to restart the game and beat it all over again. All WB had to say to the lack of patches was ""The team is hard at work on the DLC's and will not be patching the game."" so another words screw you we don't care if you cant play the game to the end just restart it we are working at our next cash grab.  Just do not buy this."
,Recommended,209000,29021554,Posted: 4 January,all,Le Epic Quack ಠ‿ಠ,better dan knight
,Not Recommended,209000,24289861,"Posted: 12 July, 2016",all,NN,"The game doesnt tell me how to access to the batcave, so i need to google it. Incomplete tutorial. But i think the story is interesting. Recommended to buy this game at summer sale or another big sale."
76561198202415466,Not Recommended,209000,31637730,Posted: 8 May,all,Bjergsen626,"Apparently this is the only Batman Arkham game that Rocksteady Studios did not make so I guess I can see why this game falls alittle short in comparison to the others. Its not that this game is bad its just that Origns is hardly an improvement from Batman Arkham Asylum and City in both gameplay and better storyline that you wouldnt be missing much if you just didnt play it. I would only recommend this game if you just cant get enough of the Batman Arkham series. Other than that, GO PLAY BATMAN ARKHAM CITY!!!"
,Not Recommended,209000,32326812,Posted: 10 June,all,zommuter,"Bad console port of a game that basically tries to do improve upon Arkham City and mostly fails utterly. Quicktime events en masse, and combat flow is too broken. The only positive thing is the expanded detective mode, but that just isn't enough."
,Not Recommended,209000,15987370,"Posted: 24 May, 2015",all,Poker Face (?,糞到不行的操作介面，愚蠢的戰鬥鎖定低能兒才給好評
,Not Recommended,209000,8404524,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,DoomPatrol85,"I don't Recommend this game not till it is marked down at a lower price, cause honestly the other Batman Games I would continue playing them for weeks after the release and beating it. Origins I got on release, beat it, play some of the multiplayer, and forgot about it. Cause honestly there is no replay value too it and the only replay value they got is multiplayer which has never been given a fix and still continues to this day to have day one errors."
76561198263812135,Recommended,209000,33791098,Posted: 25 July,all,IPVeryfreely,Batman
,Recommended,209000,21909334,"Posted: 18 March, 2016",all,King Jullian  csgobig.com,wwhat a game cool good  game very very good game
76561198325809230,Not Recommended,209000,33728081,Posted: 22 July,all,RedRageGamer,The game won't even launch. I've got a way overpowered machine for this and have tried all the possible settings to make it work but I can't even make it to the opening menu.
,Recommended,209000,26203378,"Posted: 24 October, 2016",all,Alex_Weeb,"This is one of the first games I have ever played and it really inspired me to play more! Discovering an open world is kinda fun. Some of the riddles are way too obvious and there are just a few difficult ones, but it's still fun to ""play hide and seek"" with the riddler. I'd highly recommend everyone to fulfill every task because it's a lot of fun and these quests do have their own little thrill. I guess it's a good game to play every now and then."
,Not Recommended,209000,24774968,"Posted: 8 August, 2016",all,Podporuchik,"I'm stuck at 76% of story progress, because of ""My Alibi Glitch"" (google it before purchasing!), which appears only in Steam version of the game. So i've lost 27 hours of playing this game for nothing - so far there is no real solution to my problem (there are 2-3 fixes in internet, but none of them solved my problem so far). But i was fooled because of the previous two games (Arkham Asylum & City), which are stable and free of bugs and didn't pay attention to those many bugs and glitches that this game (Origins) have until i locked myself into abyss - literrary, because this glitch throws you into endless falling. But in second thought this thing is helpfull - it gave me the opportunity to ask myself a question - does ""this game"" worth it? And the answer undoubtedly is NO!!!Also its story and gameplay, compared to AA and AC, is sleazy. Even riddles are easy and boring... Seeing this game with overall rating ""Very Positive"" makes me question should i ever consider buying Arkham Knight, which has mostly negative ratings... End of Arkham story to me. :X"
76561198023582195,Not Recommended,209000,25355532,"Posted: 4 September, 2016",all,Swagabond,"I R disappoint... This looks and feels like a cellphone version of Batman Arkham Asylum, and the graphics are very subpar.It may be because I just finished Arkham Knight, but I doubt it. It just feels soooo watered down. It doesn't at all feel sharp and dramatic like the other batman games.Splash Damage just can't deliver like Rocksteady can."
76561198279121666,Not Recommended,209000,25354229,"Posted: 4 September, 2016",all,Yuri Tarded,"if you enjoyed arkham asylum and arkham city, DON'T buy this game"
76561198087993129,Not Recommended,209000,25083019,"Posted: 22 August, 2016",all,Amazo Potato,"By this point you've probably heard the stories and legends of the PC port of Batman Arkham Origins but just in case you haven't I will some it up in 1 sentenceThis game moves slower than ♥♥♥♥ing erosion!I've only played the PC port and it's a glitchy hot mess I've had to do 3 playthroughs of the game because my first 2 I fell threw the world and I would never come back and I didn't even finished the 3rd play through because eventrually I said ""♥♥♥♥ it if they didn't bother neither will I!"""
76561198031233704,Recommended,209000,30854803,Posted: 31 March,all,yairwex,A nice but a bit buggy DLC to Arkham City.
76561198332235070,Recommended,209000,33743826,Posted: 23 July,all,Binonee,"Great gameplay, graphics, and story! Nuf said."
,Not Recommended,209000,13876731,"Posted: 7 January, 2015",all,YUNGRUSSIA,"Игра плохая,потому что высокая цена.Ещё потому что ещё в главном меня начинает глючить.(компьютер хороший)."
,Not Recommended,209000,9686684,"Posted: 31 March, 2014",all,thewatergamer,"Incredibly buggy, if you are a fan of Arkham City maybe pick it up if its on sale, but to this day it still crashes and the multiplayer component is still completely broken,Also WB Montreal openly stated they have no plans to fix it and intend to make more DLC instead of fixing the game, so my reccomendation, if you are a fan of batman, just go buy arkham city or asylum or replay them if you own them alreadyThats my advice anyway"
76561198022873572,Not Recommended,209000,9655517,"Posted: 28 March, 2014",all,skullncross,worse batman game ever
76561198005915446,Not Recommended,209000,9696883,"Posted: 1 April, 2014",all,Dr.Sexta Hex,This is a shameless repackaging of the first two games with only negative changes. The vast majority of mini-boss type enemies are defeated the exact same way. I encountered several glitches which forced a fresh load to progress further in the story. Overall the story is bland and predictable...this game is not worth your money at any price point.
,Recommended,209000,27790418,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,H E @ N G,what happen at my game?
,Recommended,209000,25557751,"Posted: 17 September, 2016",all,Dr. Cocktopus,"""I'am batman!""11 / 10"
,Recommended,209000,21067538,"Posted: 8 February, 2016",all,Fyrus,"I don't get all the hate on this game, honestly. It's got probably the most compelling narrative in the whole series and pretty much plays the same as Arkham City. Which is probably the biggest complaint in that it's an emptier, less colorful Arkham City. However, the replacement voice actors do a great job and it's an overall joy to play, with just a tad less polish perhaps (either that or Batman can just punch guards through walls because he wants to...). Even if Arkham Knight marks the ""end"" of the Arkhamverse, I'd play another installment by this team for sure, perhaps covering a different era like The Long Halloween or how he met♥♥♥♥♥♥Grayson.tl;dr it's a great game, just don't expect it to beat out the previous one."
,Not Recommended,209000,28053811,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,OgElPaco,"This is the worst game ive played in awhile.♥♥♥♥♥♥ game play.Glitchy sound ""will randomly stop working""No help in directions on getting out of places.wish i would have never bought it"
,Not Recommended,209000,33758159,Posted: 23 July,all,Mr. Matt,"Arkham Asylum and Arkham City are two of my favorite games. Therefore, my excitement at the announcement of Arkham Origins was nearly unpalpable. This one would be a prequel to the other two, with villains from the previous games along with some new ones. ""Shut up and take my money"" was wholly my perspective, and I was blinded to the potential that this game could let me down; and let me down, it did.Arkham Origins is essentially a big chunk of Arkham City's map, reskinned, with new city sections that I found to be far less interesting than anything Asylum and City ever did. There was a Gotham bridge that looked pretty awesome and gothic, but nothing else really stood out to me as memorable or iconic that wasn't in a prior game. Aside from a pair of electric gloves you get near the very end of the game, the gadgets you get are essentially the same gadgets you get in Arkham City, just with different names and appearances. The Riddler isn't the Riddler yet, but he's taunting Batman and hiding things around the city for you to find.The game is clearly too big for it to be DLC, but it did have a ""massive DLC"" feeling, considering the gameplay is essentially straight out of Arkham City, and much of the city itself is as well. A few new villains did make things a little less uninspired, but one is just a chase around town, another is a weird boss fight and nothing more, and some of the others are just lackluster or don't matter. Deathstroke's role in the game seems more like a failed attempt at the studio making a spin-off Deathstroke or Suicide Squad game than anything else, and given the reception to Arkham Origins, that seems unlikely.In closing, this game, to me, feels like an inferior version of Arkham City. If I wanted to play Arkham City again I would, and I have, and it's great on repeat plays. I frown and have bad memories when I even consider playing Arkham Origins a second time."
76561198109142063,Not Recommended,209000,23785172,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,現 Waister 死 | Girl On Fire,"I love Batman but i think Batman™: Arkham Origins it´s ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t lot´s off bugs i playing and bugs,bugs and bugs......"
,Recommended,209000,9289023,"Posted: 28 February, 2014",all,allen_ridge,Don't listen to the h8. This game is gr8.
,Recommended,209000,13936486,"Posted: 10 January, 2015",all,krys,MY NAME IS BATMAN!
76561198312233622,Not Recommended,209000,30452671,Posted: 11 March,all,Can Do L,"error issue on detective skill, I'm stuck on the part where I have to find out what happened to the guy after he got exploded. My mouse and controller are working fine, however the ""time freeze thingy"" that lets you show what happened by doin fast forward or back doesn't work. did not receive a refund, said I played beyond 3 hours, as if I progressed beyond that.Guess thats a good bye to sweet ol dollar."
,Recommended,209000,13602909,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,Viadric,The only reason I enjoyed this game was the  Deathstroke boss fight.
76561198202198812,Not Recommended,209000,17077270,"Posted: 16 July, 2015",all,Ozymandias,sneaking mechanichs are♥♥♥♥♥♥poor
76561198025690832,Not Recommended,209000,34887258,Posted: 11 September,all,Blillis,"Garbage. I loved the first two. Bought this one on Sale and the game constantly crashes (latest drivers and updates all installed). I would put up with the crafhing if one out of the odd times it didn't corrupt the save files. Seems to be a common problem that has not been addressed when researching online. Running 4 core AMD processor at 4GHz, 8GB RAM, GTX 970."
,Recommended,209000,18156087,"Posted: 23 September, 2015",all,Meow❤,nice
76561198274000822,Not Recommended,209000,34540620,Posted: 27 August,all,Hdog,"Not as good as the first two Arkham games. The story is a little bit less interesting than the first two games. The combat did not change much, but the upgrade system is awful. The only things I cared about were the health upgrades, because all of the others felt very useless. Each fight was either going to be you silently walk around and stealth attack snipers or you spam attack and counter attack. This combat style was fun at first, but it has not changed from the first games. The new Joker voice act (Troy Baker) did an awful job as the joker. The bosses we'rent very enjoyable especially the Firefly battle, which is almost identical to one of the battles in Arkham City. I also had some bugs, one required me to restart the game to because part of the area I was in disappeared. One of Warner Brothers poor PC ports. (Origins isn't the only Arkham to have these problems)"
,Recommended,209000,25014646,"Posted: 19 August, 2016",all,λ Lambda,.
76561198021898362,Recommended,209000,16262052,"Posted: 8 June, 2015",all,Saint,"The game is much like the previous ones. A little more linear with some minor improvements and some easy lore. In my opinion Arkham City is Arkham city, so I dont think that much can be added map-wise even in the future it will be like this, tho it would have been great or rather it would be great in future titles to actually be able to drive the Batmobile and that awesome plane, Alfred is great and has a good voice, the overall voice acting is good.Somehow, with this game I had more the Bat-feeling than the other titles due vigilante missions and slightly  more challenging puzzles.The multiplayer part is utterly fun to play. This gives a great addition to the game and there are many modes you can play in multiplayer.If you have played the previous titles I would probably wait for the next title, but if you cant wait and you want this one its worth 5 Euro/Bucks."
,Recommended,209000,25632582,"Posted: 22 September, 2016",all,Ischyro Max,GG...
,Recommended,209000,13849748,"Posted: 5 January, 2015",all,伝説 HUNDRED BEASTS,"Detective super keren abisss, pandangan pertama batman dan joker."
76561198092802767,Recommended,209000,14395008,"Posted: 8 February, 2015",all,Dr Dave,fun ay
,Not Recommended,209000,33878311,Posted: 29 July,all,QB,"Known as the worst game in the Batman Arkham trilogy, I would have to agree. However this game really tries to bring all of batman's villians together. It's fun to fight all Batman's enemies and experience how prequel of Batman. For those who don't know, Origins is taken place before Arkham Asylum which one of the best games in the franchise. This game has many cons as too why it is one of the worst games. I don't have anything to say; this game is literally so bad, that I don't eveen want to name the cons about it. There is hardly any pros about this game, It's just another game to add to the franchise; in my opinon, this game almost ruined the Arkham series. So seriously don't buy this game, I regret buying this game soo much."
76561198032415486,Recommended,209000,32696692,Posted: 23 June,all,Hazukichan,"Having gotten the game despite a certain amount of negativity surrounding it -at least compared to the others in the Arkham series which itself appears to place Origins somehow outside of itself, despite repeatedly referencing and/or mimicking the events and gameplay introductions of this game in the later Knight instalment- I found myself enjoying the experience. Granted, Batman is a bit... brattier, one might say, at this early point in his personal development, but he's getting there, and perhaps that is in fact more interesting than him already being there. Decide for yourself.The combat is kind of janky, for lack of a better word. It feels unresponsive and vaguely wrong in subtle ways, compared to the other instalments of the series. Apparently it was recreated from scratch by the new developers brought in by WBGames, in order to... well, I don't know, but it all seems to have boiled down to a pretty decent, if somewhat hollow Mad Max game being made with essentially the same, still-janky brawl mechanics, so mystery solved, I guess?I digress. Arkham Origins is, to me, a mostly worthy addition to the series. The detective work is more fun than in any other Arkham game -you've got crime scene recreations in real time, the challenge of meticulously picking apart a moving three-dimensional scene and extracting insights; it's like the hyper-tech cop in Heavy Rain or something. Fun stuff, and it lends some nice heft to Da Bat's ""World's Greatest Detective"" title.There are still thugs to artfully smack about, and without wanting to spoil, there is a pair of awesome gloves which are like coating your fists with distilled awesomesauce. Jankiness aside, it's still fun, the villains are colorful, the gliding feels special, plus you get to see the areas of Arkham City before they got all smashed up and smeared in dirt and grime! Along with some new areas.Takes place on christmas eve and morning, too. So, the ultimate question becomes... ""Do you want to spend christmas with Batman?"""
,Not Recommended,209000,9509266,"Posted: 16 March, 2014",all,Craven,this games a♥♥♥♥♥
76561198026516167,Recommended,209000,35050623,Posted: 18 September,all,GuineaPigManHUN,Gameplay: 3Content: 4Spectacle: 4Sound/Music: 4--------------Game: 75%
76561198016046537,Not Recommended,209000,35147237,Posted: 23 September,all,Tapparella,Cool but a little bit repetitive… after one hour it became so boring. Perhaps this is just for really big fan of this kind of games…
,Not Recommended,209000,35083974,Posted: 20 September,all,Strixes,no Catwoman? ;~;
,Recommended,209000,28248809,"Posted: 7 December, 2016",all,Winter,"I loved it great story, ok multiplayer"
76561198154145919,Recommended,209000,16034867,"Posted: 27 May, 2015",all,Nathan Explosion,"Amazing did not expect this at all 10/10 I've never played the prior Arkam's so had know idea what to expect saw it on sale for 4.99 picked it up quick and just wow. the stealth, voice acting, combat, creativity, visuals, attention to detail, etc etc. just fing wow im just flabbergasted. as soon as i plunged into this Arkam experience it was as if the bat hook just sunk into me an pulled me into this deep rich story filled with action and drama constantly pulling me deeper an deeper into the origins of Arkam. very satisfied with this title probably gonna pick up arkam knight. thank you WB Studios an team Montreal."
,Recommended,209000,34074241,Posted: 6 August,all,Typhon,Good Game
76561198024724742,Not Recommended,209000,30487524,Posted: 13 March,all,goldgriffin360,"This is the Black sheep of the franchise and although it tries to mimmic the Rocksteady games ( Origins was developed by WB Games Montreal )  it does everything wrong. Remember the smooth flowing combat and gameplay, well this game is considerably more clunky in its controls, remember the colorful graphics with loads of detail, well this game is very dull and bland in the color scheme and enviroments are white and grey for the most part and are very low in detail. Remember the constant rollercoaster ride of inspired and varied gameplay elements, well be prepared for far more repeatitive and tedious gameplay and level design this time around. This game has some fun multiplayer, but who cares since the servers are dead. Also the game is incredibly buggy, my last play through crashed while loading which locked up my entire computer, meaning I had to hard reset my computer and my save file is corrupt. ( and this is the final version of the game the bugs will never be fixed ) What is still good is the story and music in the game but since actually playing the game really isnt enjoyable I would watch a playthough or the story movie through youtube instead. I have tried over and over to enjoy this game  but it does everything the other games do just worse in every way possible."
76561198095104594,Not Recommended,209000,25627269,"Posted: 21 September, 2016",all,Dackers,Easily the worst of the franchise.
,Not Recommended,209000,30025469,Posted: 18 February,all,ani.for.prez,"You can see on my record that I have a little over 2 hours on this game. Obviously I have not finished the game. In fact I've only finished about 6% of the story. Why am I leaving a review then you ask? Well because this game, despite the LONG time after release is a buggy horrific mess that I am not able to play.EDIT: My PC specs are i5-6600, 8GB of RAM, GTX1070 and Windows 10. This is a fairly powerful setup which is able to run Arkham Knight at 60fps with occasional dipsThere's going to be mild spoilers but what I'm talking about happens within the first few minutes so don't worry about it.I'll start with some of the subjective stuff related to the game before I get to the bugs and crap. This game does not FEEL good. The originals (of which I have completed all 3) have a great FEEL to it. You feel like Batman going all over town, kicking♥♥♥♥♥ fighting crime and using all your gadgets. The games are built from the ground up to feel very much like you are in control of the Dark Knight and despite a few missteps, they are VERY enjoyable and my favorite game series. This game does not belong in that list.The cutscenes are TERRIBLE. Shaky cam and weird camera angles ruin them completely in utter contrast to the original's very muted cutscenes which mostly displayed the view from Batman's perspective or at least kept the camera stable. Batman controls like a brick and something about his movement and the combat feels OFF somehow. I have no idea why but if I would hazard a guess, I'd say it could be a combination of the character models and him being just a bit less responsive. The graphics are ATROCIOUS. The originals are some of the best examples of beautiful graphics for their time but this one is flat out UGLY. EVERY character looks blocky and like someone modeled them with clay. The detail on some of the character textures looks incredibly bad and after just finishing Arkham Knight, this one looks like crap. Just to make sure, I went back to the older games and this one definitely looks worse. the environments also suffer from this weird blockiness making the whole experience insufferable. There's also STUPID stuff in the environment like a GRATE that begins in a PRISON CELL and ends OUTSIDE the cell blocks entrance! All this just to introduce the mechanic of the explosive being able to take out enemies. Lots of things just weren't thought through.  There's also a section where the warden of the prison is killed and you need to jump through the glass to leave the viewing room you're in. I can only roll through the window and not punch it. Punching does nothing to the window. WHAT. It just looks incredibly stupid. The map also feels poorly designed and rehashed with half the map literally copy-pasted from Arkham city with a giant bridge separating them. It just doesn't feel like part of a world. The menus also have no theme to them being generic high-tech weird looking interfaces in contrast to the first 2 games' gorgeous menus. The first few missions have you ""go here and do that"" and they FEEL like it. Every single game in the city is essentially this one mechanic but they either gave you a reason to care to do them or made it so they didn't feel like tedium. This game hasn't made any effort to make it look like anything other than fetch quests or kill missions and it makes the game feel like a slog. The first boss fight with Killer Croc was HORRIBLE and was the worst boss fight in the entire series.But all this is subjective. Obviously I have not played nearly enough to know if any of what I've said changes later on. Maybe there's a lot more content later, maybe the story picks up, maybe the map gets interesting with other building interiors and the missions become better. Which leads me to the reasons why I don't know. THE BUGS.This game is a MESS. I've clipped through the floor multiple times, had the textures in the world flicker numerous times, had Batman get stuck on terrain, had enemy models bug the hell out, cutscene dialogs repeat and glitch (when the Black Mask kills the warden within the first few minutes, he repeated the same line of dialog TWICE), audio for certain actions cut out (when I punch, the audio only plays half way before muting) and the WORST of it all, there's a level in the game within the first hour that I CANNOT CROSS BECAUSE I FALL THROUGH THE LEVEL EVERY TIME.Somewhere within the first hour, there's a stealth section in the game, a room with guards and the gargoyles on top; the stealth sections the Arkham series is known for. I enter the room, the textures in the ENTIRE ROOM go black. I can still navigate but Obviously because I can't see a damn thing except the enemies, I go to the main menu and reload the game. This causes Batman to fall through the game world IMMEDIATELY and there is NO WAY to go back. NONE. I played the game again to get to this section and the SAME THING HAPPENS. Looking through some solutions online and trying them did NOT work. I was told to disable DirectX 11 features and mess around with the configs yet nothing worked. Apparently the solution to avoid this issue is TO MOVE SLOWLY THROUGH THE GAME TO ALLOW THE TEXTURES TO LOAD.Screw this game in it's hole with a ten foot pole. I suggest you avoid this like the plague. I would have refunded if I wasn't stupid and let this game sit in my library for a month before trying to play it."
,Not Recommended,209000,7757642,"Posted: 25 November, 2013",all,Andromalous,"At the time i wrote this i have beaten the game and done all the side missions. the major problem i have with the game is the fact that it adds very little to the arkham series do to its cartoony ending and repetitive gameplay. although some boss fight are well planed out others are just borring. The previous arkham games have much better stories and are cheaper anyways. If you really want this game go ahead and buy it, it's not bad it just not par with the series."
76561198262026053,Not Recommended,209000,31385556,Posted: 26 April,all,nightingale1998,"Game has horrible optimization and stutters like crazy. If you have a $1000+ pc, this is a fantastic game. If you have a mediocre pc like mine ( gtx 960m) than don't bother. I can't even play this at low. I got this on the wii u aswell and it was a much better version of the game. The game is good but not worth the fps drops and awful stutters. If you have a high end rig, buy it, if not, don't bother. Unfortunetly I can't recommend this because of the optimization issues. :)"
76561198025463260,Not Recommended,209000,34508369,Posted: 26 August,all,TheDigit_man,"The worst Arkham game, and it also runs poorly. Great story, the combat has been tweaked only for the worse, and it's just a drudge doing things that even AC can do better. Seriously?! You know you messed up open world when Ubisoft does it better."
,Not Recommended,209000,16159063,"Posted: 3 June, 2015",all,BB-8,"After playing through the entirety of Arkham Asylum and City (on PS3) I thought that I would enjoy Origins. However, not even an intereting plot line could save this re-skin. The problem with the game is that it feels SO much like Arkham City (even with a similar map!). If you do need a Batman fix befor Arkham Knight, play Asylum or City instead!PROS+Interesting Plotline+Combat (its basically the same as CIty)+Voice-acting+Troy BakerCONS-Repetitive-Lazy Game Design-Too Familiar to previous games-Not very well optimized-Why is normal Gotham filled with crooks?I was expecting somewhat Spider-Man 2 game, where you can go anywhere in the City and come across people to save, 'My Balloon!', etc. but what I got was a lazy retread of previously paved roads. Its a massive shame and a horribly disappointing experience."
,Not Recommended,209000,28640299,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,Zebrah,"It's like arkham city, but more boring. Doesn't really introduce anything new.Arkham asylym and arkham city are two of my favorite games, but I still had to push myself through this one."
,Recommended,209000,8025989,"Posted: 12 December, 2013",all,[L|G] ™ SHADY,good game!
76561198013023330,Not Recommended,209000,12575748,"Posted: 19 October, 2014",all,Darth Scrotum,Dont get this game its a copy of Arkham city totally not worth $20! Just get arkham city.
76561198050922381,Not Recommended,209000,25923225,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,jackhulkster,worst. arkham. game.
,Not Recommended,209000,25972491,"Posted: 10 October, 2016",all,Spensational,I have spent three hours trying to beat Deathstroke and the game is horid.
76561198115007106,Not Recommended,209000,24710073,"Posted: 4 August, 2016",all,Kokopovs,"Unless you happen to be getting this game as part of a pack witht the other arkham games, don't get it.  This is the worst out of all the arkham games."
76561198083101578,Not Recommended,209000,33665373,Posted: 19 July,all,I'm noob,"Fast travel loading forever, waste me 1 hour."
76561198021559677,Not Recommended,209000,17410113,"Posted: 5 August, 2015",all,Malaficus Shaikan,"This isnt a game.It is a stress test.The good:Batman.Medium open world.Decent combat system.Good stealth systems(enemies accauly smart instead of the useall five second attation span)The bad:The gameplay.Controls are unresonsive at times.Combat is either real easy or reload until it is real easy.Stealth is almost none existant.Boss battle's are quick time events.But the worst the horrible puzzle's.There is only one(and exactly) one way to deal with problems.Creative solutions arent welcome.After a while you just stop doing the side quests.It because a tedious grind of beat up group a, small guy b, smash bomb c.Small tip.When in combat dont get pumped up.When you start pressing buttions fast you end up dead.It is all about timing(see: puzzle)"
76561198397850496,Not Recommended,209000,33017645,Posted: 29 June,all,natenwhite1996,the cutscenes are very laggy. Is there a way I can fix this. It's making the game impossible to play without it kinda crashing.
76561198117245373,Not Recommended,209000,17784182,"Posted: 29 August, 2015",all,Kriss,boo
,Not Recommended,209000,20112669,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,PandaHeroCommunity [???],"DO NOT PURCHASE THIS GAME ONLY FOR THE MULTIPLAYER!IT IS NOT WORTH YOUR MONEY BECAUSE NOBODY VOTES ANY OF THE ♥♥♥♥ING MAPS,THE MULTIPLAYER IS JUST A PILE OF♥♥♥♥♥♥ THEY REALLY NEED TO WORK ON RANDOM MAP SYSTEMS,BECAUSE THIS IS ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥T,The actual game is fun, but i rather spend my extra cash on something better,Its a refund from me."
,Recommended,209000,24676724,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,Night Elf Druid,h
,Not Recommended,209000,13420065,"Posted: 17 December, 2014",all,Mrice,Its okay/10
,Not Recommended,209000,8349958,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,PhoenixFiring,Check out my in-depth review at:http://fareview.wordpress.com/2013/12/27/batmanarkhamoriginsreview/
,Not Recommended,209000,14741965,"Posted: 5 March, 2015",all,coche5e,"Holy Glitches Batman! I wonder what the conversation is like at Warner Bros Interactive?Dev 1: Hey guys, looks like there's a glitch in our game?Dev 2: Oh really....another one?Dev 1: Well, it's that infinite falling glitch that we fixed. It seems there are thousands of gamers still having the same problem.Dev 3: Wait, didn't we fix that in the latest patch?Dev 2: Yeah, din't we do that glitch fix patch thingy?Dev 1: Yeah, Eugenie said he fixed it so all these people must be wrong.Dev 2: Yeah, we can't fix somethin' that ain't broke...we done fixed that already.Dev 3: Ahh, screw em, I still get my paycheck from Mr DisneyDev 1: Gamers got pwned!Eugenie: Yo fellow gamer makers! I hear Batman is falling again through endless space!Dev 2: Here's your paycheck Eugenie.Eugenie: ZOMG! Laterz noobs!"
,Recommended,209000,9487883,"Posted: 15 March, 2014",all,PsychoDraugr,Sell me the Deathstroke dlc on pc already
,Not Recommended,209000,12702656,"Posted: 30 October, 2014",all,Enhi Montizuma,Cannot get left stick to un-invert. Tried for 3 hours using multiple emulators and programs etc.
,Recommended,209000,16037111,"Posted: 28 May, 2015",all,SwampyJox,open door simulator 2013
76561198250355624,Recommended,209000,21525694,"Posted: 28 February, 2016",all,Blazing Havok,IT was pretty good in multi player but in single player it sucked alot
,Not Recommended,209000,12575953,"Posted: 19 October, 2014",all,ECO,"First, I played the Batman Arkham Asylum & City, then this was a disappointment.  Basically, this version was the beginning of Batman, where Batman did not know about Joker.  They could have made this game first before Asylum, so there will be more story flow. Cool video cinematics in this game though."
,Not Recommended,209000,31548687,Posted: 4 May,all,MarkBetaOne,"Was enjoying this until the deathstroke scripted fight, absolutely runied it for me."
76561198131901481,Not Recommended,209000,22832942,"Posted: 6 May, 2016",all,Cão Macarrão,It was fun... till it stoped to work.It crashes lots of times.
,Not Recommended,209000,23464789,"Posted: 9 June, 2016",all,Nex3t,"First two batman were good, entertaining games, this is just boring"
,Recommended,209000,11101126,"Posted: 6 July, 2014",all,Donald Pepe Pump,I have a phobia for bats. 4/10
,Not Recommended,209000,25108395,"Posted: 24 August, 2016",all,Havora,Buy Arkham City instead of this one
,Recommended,209000,16055633,"Posted: 29 May, 2015",all,YoYoStevo,"Not the best Batman game there is, it's got quite a few bugs (I didn't come across any game breaking ones though, I 100%'d the game on my first play through) even combat is a bit buggy. Any bugs that stopped my process (such as interrogations not triggering, or them disappearing) were fixed by fast travelling and coming back. Multiplayer doesn't really interest me.Worst Nightmare tract could have been implemented better, by having respwanable predator locations with grates and stuff like that. I completed the tract about 3/4 through on my first playthrough so if you know about it, it's possible to complete easily, then there's NG+ if you miss any and IATN if you missed any again and you can die and restart again from the beginning, so it's not missable, just annoying if you notice it late in the game. Bridge crime is bugged but you can lure people to near the bridge and get it, or do NG+/IATN which has a scripted crime on the bridge.The game is nowhere near as good as Asylum or City, it looks like the devs were not very big Batman fans because there is a vast difference in Batman references throughout the city between this and the other games. Having said that the game is still good if you enjoy collecting a lot of stuff, progression and unlocking things is something you like in games or if you just enjoyed the gameplay from other Arkham games because it's more of that! Which is a good thing and which is why I'm recommending it."
,Not Recommended,209000,16049376,"Posted: 28 May, 2015",all,Skeeter The Lurker,"I can't beat the first boss because of him flickering in and out.Also, the FPS varies wildly and it sometimes loses sound.How unfortunate.~STL"
76561198160811340,Not Recommended,209000,33707297,Posted: 21 July,all,noobs of ever,worst game
,Recommended,209000,25518271,"Posted: 15 September, 2016",all,Darkthunder,Good game.Play as the 'young Batman' at the start of his crime fighting career.
,Recommended,209000,25526002,"Posted: 16 September, 2016",all,noway^^,"Nothing special, another Batman game following the same mechanics. Introduction to Joker."
,Not Recommended,209000,16144843,"Posted: 2 June, 2015",all,Ferro,killed a boss in a boss battle with one hit. and stood in front of an enemy yet it still said silent takedown. story is bad and is not like the preivious arkham games which were amazing. dont waste your time on this game. its glitchy and generally bad
,Not Recommended,209000,16895691,"Posted: 5 July, 2015",all,ＷＨＩＴＥＷＯＬＦ🐺,Everything about it apart from the multiplayer is pretty bad... but somehow still draws me into it. I think I'm just going to waste my time with the multiplayer.
,Not Recommended,209000,24646650,"Posted: 31 July, 2016",all,Bobby B,More like a spiderman dressed like a bat
,Not Recommended,209000,25594122,"Posted: 19 September, 2016",all,Tuzli,controls for kbm are terrible don't buy it if you use a PC properly with a keyboard and mouse.
76561198051274140,Recommended,209000,26244094,"Posted: 27 October, 2016",all,DirtyHenki,Really good game !
76561197994438394,Not Recommended,209000,28140336,"Posted: 2 December, 2016",all,mrhateyourself,"Believe the anti hype:it's more of the same, but of lower quality and with a cast of interchangable forgettable F list villains. The quality control can be summed by up a typo early in the game:The Riddler, who is presented as one of the most intellectually capable characters of the setting, has a caption reading ""I'd of"". Yup, if they let that slip by it's no wonder the tons of other irritating little bugs and half baked story/mechanics slipped through. Recommended for $5 or less if you really loved any of the Arkham games. Can't care to finish it."
,Not Recommended,209000,29450415,Posted: 23 January,all,Fluffy Bunny 666,"Bad puzzles, bad game."
,Recommended,209000,13195648,"Posted: 2 December, 2014",all,DarkChaos,not the best Batman as 'Arkham Asylum' and 'Arkham City' but not bad game at all.... still cool batman game :D
,Not Recommended,209000,18839753,"Posted: 2 November, 2015",all,about 47 t-rexes,"Technically, this game is unplayable. I have an FX 8320 and a R9 295x2, and the game constantly stutters, drops frames like crazy, and prevents textures from loading in. Its unplayable."
,Not Recommended,209000,31415788,Posted: 28 April,all,SpINK3y,♥♥♥♥♥GAME
76561198108774777,Not Recommended,209000,18103930,"Posted: 19 September, 2015",all,Korva,People are talking about arkham knights port but this is worse.Arkham Knight/10
,Recommended,209000,26373400,"Posted: 2 November, 2016",all,Damien Ramirez,"played on PS, good game"
76561198090733406,Not Recommended,209000,34656671,Posted: 1 September,all,CANDAO CHINO,"2 crashes in arrow, this ♥♥♥♥♥♥ port deserve to die."
,Not Recommended,209000,35402499,Posted: 1 October,all,TheDorkKnight,This game is pathetic compared to the other Arkham games.  I wish I never played it
76561198056521026,Not Recommended,209000,18127585,"Posted: 20 September, 2015",all,Tyforyogapants,THIS GAME IS AWESOME.....BUT THE ONLINE IS REALLY ANNOYING...SOMETIMES WORKS SOMETIMES I HAVE TO SIT HERE FOR HRS JUST TO GET A GAME.....PLEASE FIX THE SERVERS....IT COUNTSDOWN BUT NEVER STARTS THE GAME IN THE QUICK MATCH SEARCH.....PLEASE FIX....IF THIS DOESNT GET FIXED THAT WILL MAKE ME NO LONGER RECOMMEND THIS GAME BECAUSE ONLINE IS MAINLY WHY I GOT IT AS WELL AS MANY OTHERS....FIX PLZ
,Recommended,209000,8468694,"Posted: 31 December, 2013",all,Nick,"Do NOT miss out on this game. This is just as good as the other Arkham games. Warner Bros did not disappoint. You'll notice that the enemies are far more realistic this time around, partly due to the fact that this story takes place closer to the start of Batman's beginnings (hence the name...) Don't worry about being stuck in an updated Arkham City again, because that's not what this game is. Sure the original arkham area from the last game is accessible in this game, but almost every mission takes place in a completely new area. The overall map is twice as big as Arkham City, featuring an entire new section called ""The Diamond District"" which features much taller buildings. It FINALLY feels like you're in Gotham City. One of the coolest parts of this game is that it takes place on a snowy Christmas eve, and all the rooftops are covered in a dynamic foot of snow. Enemies will leave permanent tracks in the snow, and once you're done having a huge fight on the rooftop, you can see a drastic change in the snow cover which is pretty impressive. The game features the same overall game mechanics, but improves marginally on them. There are now new enemies that can counter your attacks which makes it a lot more interesting and challenging. Also, the game will rate every fight you encounter, giving you a grade afterwards which always keeps you striving to make perfect freeflow combos without taking a hit. It's pretty difficult it turns out.In addition to this, Black Mask places a bounty on your head, forcing you to engage in some pretty epic boss battles against these assassins. Unlike past Arkham games, the fights in this game are intense. I can't say who you'll fight, but I can promise you that most of these fights are memorable and are some of the highlights of the game overall.Again, DO NOT skip this game. This is a fantastic game and does a great job exploring the origin story of the Dark Knight."
76561198138451246,Not Recommended,209000,33530035,Posted: 13 July,all,wilson,game broken!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
,Recommended,209000,14613258,"Posted: 23 February, 2015",all,Tafara12,batman Arkham Full Bugs
,Not Recommended,209000,28725213,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,Cybero,Worst batman game in the series
76561198037403017,Not Recommended,209000,24711632,"Posted: 4 August, 2016",all,CHAO$$$,"it's bad - like really really really badbad optimization, bad bosses, bad story even the combat manages to be somehow worse than in it's predecessors"
,Not Recommended,209000,25399462,"Posted: 7 September, 2016",all,lordmegacom,When you accidentally don't recommend
76561198311849420,Not Recommended,209000,32205226,Posted: 5 June,all,Texyalen,"The below issue casue me to push no for this game.----1. texture, the unbelieveable ugly of eviroment texture level, like 90th game level really hard to stare at.2. repeative of in game chellenge,mini game, which fatigue player in a rapidly speed, I feel nothing more joy after frist attempt of mini game.3. you can't kill, which ...... while this batman game, but the problem is this role would be good for linear game, but for a open world, every person you meet have gun point at you, while you alway melee, a fair chellenge lol.4. The requirement for enemy get knock down is extreme high ,I can smash same guy for 10mins while he still alive, meantime there one punch down enemy.5. nothing freedom in this game, sure this is a ""open world"" game, which nothing to explore ,everyone on street is rogue, kill anyone on sigh, no normal civlian or people to talk, just enemy,enemy,enemy enemy enemy, which a shame that how this game protential."
,Not Recommended,209000,30626377,Posted: 19 March,all,icydec,it's bad don't play it
,Not Recommended,209000,17137472,"Posted: 20 July, 2015",all,Surveyant,Batman games are sort of like the typical genre of game that takes a character or world from a non-video game environment and puts it into a gaming environment.It's just not a real game.  The fights consist of me clicking to make batman do all these crazy moves.  It's a game made to sell to batman fans not a game that would sell on its own.
76561198127109863,Not Recommended,209000,25110571,"Posted: 24 August, 2016",all,lyuval48,the game badthe controler bad
,Not Recommended,209000,33470438,Posted: 11 July,all,My Nationalist Pony,I honestly don't know why I have 30 hours in this game. I don't like this game.
76561198197971134,Recommended,209000,23956294,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,CONNER2444,fun
76561198111371378,Recommended,209000,25560391,"Posted: 17 September, 2016",all,Jimmys GloryHole,best porno on steam
76561197981444454,Not Recommended,209000,26202228,"Posted: 24 October, 2016",all,Avery Cates,"Whether I was bored of the similar gameplay over three games (loved the first two), or there was something indefinably different with this one, it just didn't pique my interest, and I never got into it to play through beyond the start. Can't say for sure if it isn't worth getting or not, but my lack of interest should be noted if your on the fence concerning a purchase"
76561198010530468,Not Recommended,209000,30481043,Posted: 12 March,all,Sendael,"Terrible controls, terrible gameplay, worst Arkham game there is."
76561198037860324,Recommended,209000,16772521,"Posted: 28 June, 2015",all,Bard_13,Fantastic.
,Not Recommended,209000,33991271,Posted: 3 August,all,Joseph Luker,If I wanted to be a clown it would be in a white van.
76561198360594557,Not Recommended,209000,35325036,Posted: 29 September,all,melker.larsson,It worked fine when i first started it near 7:00 pm and then now in the morning for no apperant reason it just stopped working. i dont know what to do and how to fix it. pls help
76561198188828587,Not Recommended,209000,18704826,"Posted: 26 October, 2015",all,Cubexic,no
76561197993478921,Not Recommended,209000,34672446,Posted: 1 September,all,torskforce,blanket text since you want to take blanket money
,Recommended,209000,12226042,"Posted: 24 September, 2014",all,┐AkH└ Butcher,"360 noscope scrubs in the face with a batarang,"
,Not Recommended,209000,34272771,Posted: 16 August,all,Jix,Buggy and the world is a little empty. Not as good as the other three.
76561197998197307,Recommended,209000,26664098,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,Small dick; Fat tits,OMG MI COMPTER CNT RUN AT 30 FPS DISLIKED UNSUBSCRIB
76561198409149636,Not Recommended,209000,35425761,Posted: 2 October,all,panda1820000,this game is ♥♥♥♥ing not working you ♥♥♥♥ers
,Not Recommended,209000,14650604,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,CazAndrogyny,"Holy half♥♥♥♥♥♥♥imitations Batman!If you are considering this title for ANY REASON, go buy Arkham Asylum and Arkham City GOTY. They are together cheaper than this is, and vastly superior in every way. If you have those and just want more, wait for Arkham Knight. This is not more of the same, this is crappy level design strung together using Arkham City Character models."
,Not Recommended,209000,18151100,"Posted: 22 September, 2015",all,C:aptain,I do not recommend this game
,Not Recommended,209000,34460878,Posted: 24 August,all,Raidon,"Positive+Friendly with Potato user+Awesome movement+Nice graphics of course+Im not like a puzzle but puzzle in this game i like it,idk whyNegative-Good fps at gameplay but in movie i got 1-5 fps,wtf is wrong with this game-City in this game is more like GHOST TOWN! No pedestrian,no car in the road.-Bored at gameplay6.5/10why i give that score? Becoz i thought this game was perfectly you know what this game is bad? Becoz Lag in Movies!!"
,Not Recommended,209000,35302199,Posted: 29 September,all,Game Revo,"This is a realy cool game and boss fights are good .But fps drop won't let you enjoy .I have played cracked version before , fps was better .This is not the only problem , multiplayer is not available anymore so you can't unlock all achievements .Anyway , refund is an option or you can tolerate fps drop ."
76561198272098345,Not Recommended,209000,34427786,Posted: 22 August,all,Seth Rollins,♥♥♥♥♥♥ game got a refund after 20 minutes of playing it was nothing like the rocksteady games
,Not Recommended,209000,33642069,Posted: 18 July,all,Nain,"Played for 2 hours, really enjoying it then deathstroke came along with his stupid katanas and pole... 1 hours later still on the boss fight and stopped playing. Next day tried again and still could not do it. So after crying for a while because i got to deathstrokes last stand i uninstalled and went on to play a different batman game and preferred the older ones. Do not buy as a first batman game as it will have some plot holes that will only be understood if you play the originals."
,Not Recommended,209000,24769345,"Posted: 7 August, 2016",all,charlesberg,"controls are really clunky, my main issue that I can't get around.never enjoyed batman before but this seemed alright, considered the initiation DLC except the ♥♥♥♥ing god-awful controls.sorry but nah"
76561198046675266,Recommended,209000,12268222,"Posted: 27 September, 2014",all,Dustin,"This game takes place before Arkham Asylum, no one has seen Batman yet only heard of him as a legend/myth.Done by a different developer but basically the exact same as Arkham City, so got kinda repetitive.8/10"
76561198196665502,Not Recommended,209000,31126423,Posted: 13 April,all,Gland,This game is♥♥♥♥♥♥3/10
,Not Recommended,209000,23355404,"Posted: 2 June, 2016",all,moniteau88,Does not run smooth. I played every batman up to this point and enjoyed them.  The story is interesting and good.  This is by far the was game play experience I have had.  It constantly getting frame stuttering.  My FPS will say something like 60+ but the stutter still there.
,Not Recommended,209000,30198176,Posted: 26 February,all,YoYo,"WOrst game ever,mission extra hard,dont buy it game suck some♥♥♥♥♥♥Game is worst than cancer"
,Recommended,209000,23949922,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,RC,Awesome game :)
,Not Recommended,209000,32604760,Posted: 20 June,all,Censinho,"Its a copy from Batman Arkham City, the gameplay is good, the story is ""Meh"".Joker's look DOESN'T MAKE ANY SENSE!!! does not match with the Arkham series joker, neither in look or in personality.Multiplayer mode, the only thing good in this game.If you are a Arkham hardcore gamer fan, i do not recommend this game, just the online Gameplay."
,Not Recommended,209000,28564313,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,KyleIsLove,"Never got into this game, only Batman game I don't like"
76561198356249615,Not Recommended,209000,35160786,Posted: 23 September,all,Memelord,this is'nt really that great of a game i dont reccomend
,Not Recommended,209000,19326211,"Posted: 27 November, 2015",all,mr grips,Old bad game!
,Recommended,209000,17822973,"Posted: 31 August, 2015",all,Johnny Klebitz,"“Jingle bells, jingle bellsJingle all the way~Oh what fun it is to ride in a one horse open sleigh, hey!Jingle Bells, Batman smells,Robin laid an egg !The Batmobile lost a wheeland the Joker got awwwaaayyyyy~”― 1992 BTAS:Christmas with the Joker"
,Not Recommended,209000,25772750,"Posted: 29 September, 2016",all,Sagacious Joe,Unskippable intro segments showing production companies are an automatic no just to penalize poor design.
,Recommended,209000,24687527,"Posted: 3 August, 2016",all,Japenese Juggalo,"Do you like Batman?Yes or NoIf you chose ""No"" kill yourselfIf you chose ""Yes"" buy this game"
,Recommended,209000,12088817,"Posted: 13 September, 2014",all,SkySatan,good Is:Graphics is awesomeBrilliant 2.5d platform free to play add new dimension to arkham gamesBoss fights are also goodStory will keep us goingBut Bad is:Gameplay some time gets too linearnot free flow combat like previous arkham gamesconclusion is:All the way this game is satisfying treat for Batman fans
76561197981903792,Not Recommended,209000,30028528,Posted: 19 February,all,MINI DANGER!!!,Best game I've ever played highly recommend
,Not Recommended,209000,12547622,"Posted: 18 October, 2014",all,ContourNut98,Level of difficulty spikes absurdly high for boss battles.  Avoid unless you enjoy playing boss battles 30 times to memorize every movement before you can finally win.
76561198156561429,Not Recommended,209000,23008994,"Posted: 15 May, 2016",all,Lintu,♥♥♥♥
76561198138215791,Not Recommended,209000,34579676,Posted: 29 August,all,Bigbubblegamer18,i
,Recommended,209000,26786103,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Noirez_,"I nominated this game for ""Worst VA for Batman 2016 seriously wtf fam"". I mean it."
,Not Recommended,209000,26063349,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,Mia,"Well having played the Batman Arkham Knight first and then playing the Arkham Origins may be a reason i dislike this game...It seems way to old compared to Arkham Knight. I didnt feel like playing this game after a few hours,,,so i stopped it...My suggestion play Batman Arkham Knight which is an awsome game and forget aother batman games..."
,Not Recommended,209000,30140877,Posted: 24 February,all,twitch.tv/niel_agi,Horribly boring button-smashing game.No skill required.Fanboys will like it.
76561198119763195,Recommended,209000,24752548,"Posted: 6 August, 2016",all,Imperial Royal Guard,Its fricking anal trash
76561197985850621,Not Recommended,209000,34568138,Posted: 28 August,all,Mugflub,Just terrible.Horrible storyline. Horrible voice acting. HORRIBLE boss fighting mechanics. Horrible.
76561198399065794,Not Recommended,209000,33831020,Posted: 27 July,all,Extremegaming21,EVERY TIME I OPEN THE GAME IT CRASHES THIS GAME SUCKS DO NOT BUY
76561198047886247,Not Recommended,209000,25517015,"Posted: 15 September, 2016",all,cacaopotiron,Look like a nice game but not working since i install win10. Of course WB support still not responding me. Kinda feel screwed.
76561198050169004,Not Recommended,209000,25405609,"Posted: 7 September, 2016",all,Galious,"boring,..."
,Not Recommended,209000,12646156,"Posted: 26 October, 2014",all,PANNENKOEKEN-7,I just didn't have fun.Felt like an Assassin's Creed Game
,Not Recommended,209000,33222091,Posted: 4 July,all,-CML- Ogre,.
76561198047619924,Not Recommended,209000,29846756,Posted: 11 February,all,Sour Cream,Keyboard doesn't work in the menu 0/10
,Not Recommended,209000,33849971,Posted: 28 July,all,The Heyesy Gamer,"DO NOT BUY THIS GAME. It crashes when you die, reload, or get too far. 'nuf said."
76561198041108461,Not Recommended,209000,31657007,Posted: 9 May,all,Kuriousjorj,"LOL does this game SUCK!What crappy, mindless combat.  You don't actually do anything, you don't control Batman... you just hit one of two buttons at the ""right"" time, then sit and watch the game play itself.BTW, just love how the moronic combat tries giving you 'tutorial' messages amidst combat LOL.  Cause yeah, that's what you need to be doing; reading stuff while spamming the same 2 butons OVER AND OVER AND OVER.The token puzzles (which are just tedious filler) and traveling (gliding and zip cording gatchet over and over and OVER) and the monotonous city/world scape, really just everything isn't at all enjoyable.  A really shallow experience.  Mediocre crap.5/10"
,Not Recommended,209000,30421214,Posted: 9 March,all,Branch Boy,dis game is butt baby easy.beat it in 5 mins.way to go wb.
,Not Recommended,209000,33098853,Posted: 1 July,all,FrozenFood,"Get killed by 3 snipers on a ship before i even get into it, then I get respawned on the ship, now I have to find the trigger that tells me that I need to go on the ship with the snipers that just shot me?♥♥♥♥ you who ever made this game. its♥♥♥♥♥♥and you should feel bad about yourself for making such a♥♥♥♥♥♥game that was poorly planned out and made.♥♥♥♥ you batman. your game is♥♥♥♥♥♥"
76561198061316337,Not Recommended,209000,23111451,"Posted: 21 May, 2016",all,UltraViolence,Childish & Boring
76561198133434899,Not Recommended,209000,25640340,"Posted: 22 September, 2016",all,Berserk,"This game is so bad, i destoyed my ♥♥♥♥♥♥ controler while playing it, dont buy it, save your money. Please."
76561198095051225,Recommended,209000,25564453,"Posted: 18 September, 2016",all,skyhigh,aaaa shieeeet
76561198044932818,Not Recommended,209000,15293211,"Posted: 10 April, 2015",all,Devoladraco GTX,"if you're looking for the worst Batman game ever made, this one's for you. so many bugs it looks like it was made by Eletronic Arts instead. frustration is the word to describe it."
76561198190571671,Not Recommended,209000,23963763,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,"KAVY""",a good game. but could much better.
,Recommended,209000,10234968,"Posted: 25 May, 2014",all,Buck,"Don't listen to the whiners in the forums. Arkham Origins is a great game. The game has it's share of issues, but imo, it's no worse or better than any others out there.AO stays very (VERY) faithful to the core gameplay of Arkham City, while adding several enchancements such as several new enemy types. Gadgets are mostly the same with a few minor variations and one new one (the Shock Gloves), which honestly, felt really cheap at first, but you find that they fit in well to the narrative.Roger Craig Smith takes over the role of Batman for AO. He turns in a competent performance, but channels the Bale ""Throat Cancer"" Batman just a bit too much at times.Troy Baker (Joel from ""The Last Of Us"" and Booker Dewitt from ""BioShock Infinite"") however, turns in an utterly fantastic performance as the Joker. His rendition is notably darker and a quite a bit more twisted here as compared to the more campy Mark Hamil version, but it's wonderfully done.Long story short, if you liked the previous games in the series, you'll probably like this game too."
76561198092736789,Not Recommended,209000,31268591,Posted: 20 April,all,carlos.ayll,"awfull game because is sooo hard also in easy, after fight 50times deadstroke and no fun, just terrible boring"
,Not Recommended,209000,25518604,"Posted: 15 September, 2016",all,שלום,Not enough pudding
,Not Recommended,209000,34296366,Posted: 16 August,all,unemployed black astronaut,Why is batman called the dark knight if he isn't black?
76561198006483209,Not Recommended,209000,25522400,"Posted: 15 September, 2016",all,Chimpo / Chimpo#1956,Didn't finish it.
76561198037465204,Recommended,209000,30397482,Posted: 8 March,all,byerac,"Of all the Arkham series games, I feel this one was the most challenging.  The speed of combat is the fastest of the games and the bosses are hard from the beginning. The story arc is fantastic if your a comic fan, and  to introduce a non canon villan is pretty awesome. I liked the details of things like the Wayne Manor and the Batcave. Alfred, of course keeps the humor level on high sarcasm. One of the coolest things about this game is if you werent deep into the comics, the game will teach you alot about the city's history, and it's founder."
76561198323741356,Recommended,209000,30417872,Posted: 9 March,all,linkfeiyi,I like it
76561198133581128,Recommended,209000,18387963,"Posted: 8 October, 2015",all,Stringy Vegetti,"Most badass game you can buy on PC to date. Would rate 8/8 m8, get a date and play it!! xD"
76561198006580574,Recommended,209000,10479617,"Posted: 15 June, 2014",all,Peter Quill,"Far better than it is given credit for, yes it's not as groundbreaking as it's two predecessors were, and yes it has alot of similarities to Arkham City, but Arkham Origins is still a thouroghly enjoyable game with a very good story"
76561198108212433,Recommended,209000,10467774,"Posted: 14 June, 2014",all,SpeedRacer,"Awesome game, but the Riddler story arch is very tedious and boring..."
,Recommended,209000,10569008,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,loke-dogg,"The best of the Arkham series, this version, despite its somewhat lackluster premise (everyone in Gotham is inside because it's Christmas) the combat feels smooth and the storyline is nonetheless interesting. 8/10"
76561198037755108,Recommended,209000,10569015,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,Ilya Framovich,It is a masterpiece. I strongly recommend to pass all parts of this game!
76561198128414824,Recommended,209000,10766190,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,mchadd,Awesome game
,Recommended,209000,10769298,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,Andupor,"This third iteration in the Arkham series adds little with regards to new or different gameplay from its predecessors. But don't let that detract you; Origins still provides challenging puzzles, exciting and fast paced combat, and a fantastic story worthy of the comic book hero's well known legend. Stepping into the batsuit, solving crimes, fighting super-villains, and utilizing the gadgets of the Dark Knight's arsenal is certainly a pleasure."
,Recommended,209000,10772314,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,Kerrock,"More of the same, but given how good the first 2 games were, that's a good thing"
76561198095571512,Not Recommended,209000,10692399,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,Johnny Slipknot,Controlls are laggy and useless also the multiply button pressing isnt very good but its a good game would be better if they had proper controlls for it and for that reason it spoils the game and batman
,Not Recommended,209000,10693768,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,se7enist,"All things considered, you're far better off either ignoring this completely, or heading to Youtube and catching all the cutscenes. While it's far better than it was at release, the game is still buggy and the studio has explicitly stated they have no intentions of patching the game, due to focusing on releasing more DLC content instead."
76561197972620512,Recommended,209000,10694202,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,spyder.u4g,Great Game
,Recommended,209000,10498972,"Posted: 16 June, 2014",all,Kachigga my Nigga,AWESOME
,Recommended,209000,10493358,"Posted: 16 June, 2014",all,TebrasD,"A lot of people say that this game is bad or worthless. That is because not a whole lot was changed and of course when it was released it had a lot of glitches. Most of those are gone now which makes it a good game. the only thing that could have been different is that you need to do dark knight achievments to unlock certain weapons. without unlock all of them you will not be able to finish all the challenge maps this time around.But for the rest its a good game, with a good story. Certainly worth it, if the game is on sale."
,Not Recommended,209000,10495074,"Posted: 16 June, 2014",all,{RG}10th_w0nd3r,"Batman Arkham Origins ReviewBeing a fan of the Arkham Asylum and City I couldn't wait for this game to come out. Sadly the game was a massive failure to the Arkham franchise, never had I waited for a game to end more than this. In the 17 or so hours it took for me to complete the game, half the time Arkham City took I might add, I experienced roughly the same systems in place as the first two with little changes to the formula other than a game breaking weapon given late game, numerous QTEs and a massive amount cinematic sequences. This game had so much going for it coming from a fantastic couple of preceding games but takes the name and combat system alone and adds nothing but boredom to the equation. Many of the assassins battles are more spectacle than substance and lack the punch the earlier games had going for them. The cinematics, while good looking, merely add to the length of the game with few even necessary to the narrative as a whole. The most troubling of the additions are the numerous quick time events. These make portions of the game feel ""press-to-win"" especially when the majority of them are in the games most desperate situations. There are several graphical and system bugs in the game as well which make it visually unappealing during some of the most enjoyable parts including one of my favorite features of the series gliding high above the city streets. The game also often crashes on exiting the game and the controls seem less responsive which makes combat seem like a gamble of timing more than a show of skill. Something was lost in the series between changing developers and it has suffered a great blow. This installment is not worthy of the series and I am truly glad to say that it is not a necessity  to play or even own."
76561198107336811,Recommended,209000,10184379,"Posted: 20 May, 2014",all,Dank Soule,"Although there were a few bugs in the PC version itself, Batman™: Arkham Origins was absolutely incredible. The story alone took my breath away, as well as the way it was presented. Most of the cutscenes were fully cinematic and astonishingly detailed. This also goes for its gameplay and its mechanics, which were filled with unique playing styles, and clever ways of taking-down enemies. I greatly recommend this game for those who have not yet played it. I guarantee you will enjoy every second of it."
76561198029616120,Recommended,209000,10184499,"Posted: 20 May, 2014",all,ghostlykev,I dont care what anyone says this batman game is awesome.. I love the hell out of this story!
,Recommended,209000,10184500,"Posted: 20 May, 2014",all,Creepy Ostrich,Batman Arkham Origins is a great game that I believe everyone should have the pleasure to play. The open world is the only thing that I wish that the developers had spent more time on and I hope will be better in the next title. The predator missions are the most fun and can be accessed in the training center of the Batcave. Also the campaign is top-notch fun with every battle being the fight of your life.
,Recommended,209000,10199365,"Posted: 22 May, 2014",all,AlphaGreed,"The best installation of the Batman game series, incredible dialogue, spectacular fight setup (as always), overall a very good prequel to the other games. In fact that is probably its best quality, how well it sets up the rest of the games. The story (pleasantly) surprised me, I was expecting worse! Would recommend!"
,Not Recommended,209000,10342169,"Posted: 4 June, 2014",all,Timba3olf,"How did they go so wrong?Setting:I have three main issues with the setting of Arkham Origins. First, the map is pointlessly huge. It's at least twice as large as the map or Arkham City for absolutely no reason. Riddler trophies and riddles are gone, the amount of sidequests hasn't increased, and the plot could have been easily condensed to North Gotham, where most of the game takes place anyways.Second, Gotham City itself is poorly designed. Everything is just too big. You can't even see the ground most of the time, and the cityscape is littered with buildings that are so huge the game won't let you climb them. The architecture of the city ranges from ugly to bizarre, but it mostly comes across of bland. And don't get me started on the bridge, which seems to exist for no other reason than to incentivize you to use the fast-travel system you wouldn't need if the bridge wasn't there.Finally, why does a game set years before Arkham City seem more modern than its predecessor? An easter egg in Arkham City revealed that the game is set prior to 2000 (presumably in the late 90s), and yet Origins is full of the technological and cultural hallmarks of the 2010s: drones, the Internet, even Occupy-style political strife. The game is littered with anachronisms--even Batman's gear seems more advanced than it did. It's plain that the developers didn't want to make a prequel, and only set the game in the past to get around the Joker's inconvient demise at the end of Arkham City.Characters:Batman is nothing without his Rogues Gallery. It's the strongest of any comic universe, and full of colorful characters like Two-Face, the Scarecrow, Catwoman and Mr. Freeze. None of whom appear in this game.*Instead, the developers chose to saturate Origins with weak, second-string antagonists like Firefly, Deadshot, Copperhead and *groan* Anarky. Even the game's faux antagonist, Black Mask, isn't a ""classic"" Batman villain. The presence of characters like Branden, Calendar Man and Alberto Falcone shows that the developers have, at least, read Year One and The Long Halloween. So where's Two-Face? Where's Catwoman? Where are Poison Ivy and Scarecrow? Or, to fit with setting, where's District Attorney Harvey Dent? Where's ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥-turned-thief Selina Kyle? Where's psychologist Dr. Jonathan Crane, who bother to sign himself in to Blackgate at the beginning of the game but never makes an appeareance?The four classic villains who do appear--Joker, Bane, Riddler, and Penguin--feel pointlessly contemparized, adding to the anachronistic feel of the game. Bane, despie giving his strongest showing in the series, takes a few ill-advised constume cues from The Dark Knight Rises. Riddler, or Enigma, as the game annoyingly refers to him as, is a hacker, and has planted ""extortion files"" throughout Gotham City. It's about as boring as it sounds. Penguin, who made an excellent showing in Arkham City, goes over the top, getting not one, but two annoying eye-candy sidekicks (neither of whom are named Lark, Jay, or Raven). Then there's the Joker.I remember that everyone was a little relieved by the Joker's death at the end of Arkham City. The relationship between the clown and the bat had been masterfully potrayed for two games in a row, and now, at its crescendo, the clown spectacularly met his demise. The death of the Joker was an fantastic tragedy, and opened the possibilty of focusing on new villains in the series' future (Arkham City set up Scarecrow as the antagonist of the next game). To top it all, Mark Hamill, who had lent his voice to the best performance of the clown prince for decades, announced that he was retiring the character. A bittersweet, but fitting end to Hamill's unparalleled run.The developers of Arkham Origins didn't get the point. Instead of realizing that Hamill's parting performance as Joker couldn't be topped and it was time to move on, they set Origins in the past so they could bring the Joker back ONE MORE TIME. And it isn't worth it. Troy Baker's performance as Hamill's Joker is passable, and does occasionally shine (his first seduction of Harley Quin is his strongest moment), but it feels like Origins is trying to recapture something that wasn't meant to be. Instead of taking the opportunity to push the series forward, they fall back into their comfort zone and turn it up to 11. If anything, the Joker appears even more in Origins than in the rest of the series, mainly because characters like Poison Ivy, Two-Face, Scarecrow, even Victor Zsasz are given the boot.Which leads into...Plot:The plot tries to be a lot of things: the origin of the strange relationship between Batman and the Joker, Alfred coming to terms with Bruce's double life as Batman, and the birth of the partnership between Batman and Gordon. It does none of these things very well. Alfred comes across as an annoying nagger whose feelings change at the drop of a hat, Gordon's faith in the GCPD despite evidence of corruption so overwhelming even his annoying daughter is yelling it in his face isn't believable, and the Joker feels like he's been dug up to go at it with the Batman one more time just to sell another entry in the Arkham series. Which is he has.The sidequests, besides Mad Hatter, are forgettable.Gameplay:Compared to the other entries in the series, Origins is a very hard game. The game is balanced for the Electrocutioner's gloves (which are the only reason Electrocutioner appears in the game), so fights are too difficult for the first half of the game and too easy for the second half. Brawling, rather than stealth, is the focus of the game. However, enemies are equipped with an ever-growing arsenal of annoying weapons and abilities to ensure Batman's trademark free-flow combat is as choppy and useless unless the Electrocutioner's gloves are activated.The boss fights range from incredibly frustrating (Bane) to annoyingly easy (Deathstroke), but they never fail to not be fun. Deathstroke is a not-very-cleverly disguised quicktime event, and Bane's various fights require you to charge up the Electrocutioner's gloves to inflict damage. Both are fairly representative of what you'll find in Origins, with the exception of the Mad Hatter, whose boss fight, or rather boss-adventure, is a welcome break from zapping your foes with your fists.Conclusion:I wanted to enjoy this game. But the more I played it, the more it became clear that Origins was ill-concieved on a fundamental level. If you're a huge fan of the Arkham Series, like I am, you'll probably enjoy some of it. But there are too many steps in the wrong direction, even for a game obviously playing it safe, for me to recommend it.*Mr. Freeze appears in the suprisingly strong Cold, Cold Heart DLC, a retelling of Freeze's origin story from the Batman: The Animated Series episode ""Heart of Ice."""
,Recommended,209000,10344410,"Posted: 4 June, 2014",all,Ryz,"""Holy Arkham Origins story, Batman!"""
76561198128770932,Not Recommended,209000,10329346,"Posted: 2 June, 2014",all,killer gamer,"So this game has good and bad things about it. For one, this game glitches like nothing else. I couldn't even finish the story line with the glitches. The gameplay is unparalleled and ridiculously enjoyable, but I don't recommend it because of the glitches. Buy it, but not on PC, it works so much better on any other platform. Like I said, it's a great game, but the PC version is terrible."
76561198034747087,Recommended,209000,10320094,"Posted: 1 June, 2014",all,Dark_Knigget,"While commonly looked at as the worst in the series, this game is beautiful and has quite an amazing story to be told. I fear that the replayability is lower than the other games, however."
76561198054809280,Recommended,209000,10320218,"Posted: 1 June, 2014",all,DungeonKeeperPanda,"Before I assess the game, I'll assess the port. I experienced one crash and had no issues afterward, and I had no framerate issues on my GTX 770. The game looks nice, and it's clear this is not a 1080p version of the console games. The game plays well with both controller and mouse and keyboard. Now the game. Batman: Arkham Origins feels like the weak link in the Arkham series. On it's own, it's a great game. The game looks lovely although Gotham feels very empty. The streets are populated with groups of goons here and there with no other people. The excuse for this is that there's a storm and people are being told to stay inside, but it's kind of weak. The story is alright. Nothing special. The combat is great as usual. I felt it was less responsive than the other games, but that might just be me. Arkham Asylum casts a great shadow over Arkham Origins making all its flaws more obvious, but when Arkham Origins isn't compared to the other Arkham games it is a great game."
76561198085713630,Recommended,209000,10349991,"Posted: 4 June, 2014",all,catscatscats,this game is so good i would slap a horse to just see thr cover
,Recommended,209000,10354168,"Posted: 5 June, 2014",all,Herorioc™,"I think this game is okay. The story is good, the stuff you can do is good, but one thing that annoys me so much is that this game is not really made for pc. It's so complicated and diffrent from most games, and it takes alot time and practice before you even decent at the game. So if you want to play this game on a pc, i recommend you buy a xbox 360 controller with wire.Or just buy it right away for xbox 360 (or whatever you use except pc)I would give this game a MUCH higher grade if it just would have been more fit for pc, fixing the controllers, adding/removing some controller and so on. But since this not is the case my grade is 6-7/10."
76561197999978063,Recommended,209000,7515974,"Posted: 29 October, 2013",all,Kandriff,If you like twists to your plot. Buy it. Play it. Decide!
76561198030246089,Not Recommended,209000,10308275,"Posted: 31 May, 2014",all,0perator 88,Doesn't Work with keyboard (can't quickfire with mouse at all)I often prefer controller with third person games but as this is a COMPUTER game I expect the game to function with keyboard and mouse.Another Port. Fail.
76561198028295466,Recommended,209000,10369590,"Posted: 6 June, 2014",all,^6Mas^5ter^8De^3bating,"Great Game, huge fan of the Arkham series!"
,Recommended,209000,10152451,"Posted: 17 May, 2014",all,GreenJelly MIC,The story is not exciding as the other two. The gameplay is abit more twich.  It just isn't quite as good as the other two.  However it's still a good game.
76561198243885814,Recommended,209000,19349571,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,ober jerry,really game its cool to see where batman started off
,Recommended,209000,19408150,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,Pucho,"It starts good, but if you already played all the others games of the saga you'll find it very repetitive."
,Recommended,209000,19408277,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,Keeok,"Fine but nothing new. The boss battles are varried and great which is one of the few high points of the game. Many of the assets are used in Arkham City including half to map, It is also snowing so the game feels like an Arkham City expansion rather than a standalone game. Their is also a lack of ridler challenges and easter eggs which were my favorite parts of pervious Arkham games so they being gone is a major disappointment. There are collectables but they don't have the same feel.It's worth your time if you enjoy the pervious Arkham games. Buy it on sale. 7/10"
,Recommended,209000,19412035,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,ςɭє๓єภ Շเ๓є,Wasn't below 15 fps like Arkham Knight11/10 - I should've appreciated this game more.
76561198169050299,Recommended,209000,19422832,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,DeltaHuluBWK,"Not as good as the other Arkham games, but definitely still fun and a good game. The others are just great games, so the bar was set high. It seems like this game is always on sale somewhere for $5 and it's a steal for that price."
,Recommended,209000,19406687,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,♙²,Still a virgin... 8/10...
,Recommended,209000,19433314,"Posted: 2 December, 2015",all,BrycejVance,"i am quite unhappy atm. I have competed this game as well as unlocked and purchased skins. Which i can not use currently because the wbid i log into automatically does not have those equipted. How to i go back to the wbid in which the game is completed and the skins are available. Please correct this issue immediatly as this is quiet a issue for me as well as many other fans of the the arkham franchise. If you cant put a game on here and have it run correctly dont put it on here at all. Thank you. Get back to me asap.I expect this issue to be resolved. Thank you.Sincerely,"
76561198105318465,Recommended,209000,19276242,"Posted: 25 November, 2015",all,Anus Georg,better on consolestill on pc 7/10
,Not Recommended,209000,19272218,"Posted: 25 November, 2015",all,The Count of Monkey Disco,"Of the first three Batman games in this series, this is my least favorite.  Note:  I have not played nor do I intend to play Arkahm Knight.I've been playing games longer than I care to remember.  I find myself using the walkthrough for this game more than any game I can recall.  The story is very linear, so if you decide to go ""open"" and roam about to do random things, it's sometimes hard to get back on track.  In some parts of the side missions, you can find yourself in a dead end with no obvious way to proceed, thus the need for the walkthroughs.Combat has been made noticably harder, and it's not uncommon to get into situations where you can do little more than wait for enemy attacks and repeatedly counter until numbers get to a manageable number.  Note I'm playing on ""normal"" and am not great at ""button masher"" combat, but had no issues with Arkham Asylum or Arkham City.Other than some of the villians, this game really brings nothing new to the series.  You're just as well to go back and play either Arkham Asylum or Arkham City again, to be honest.  The ""year zero"" approach just doesn't work for me.  Revealing Joker as if Batman didn't know who he was?  I understand what the makers are trying to do, but this approach is lame for anyone other than those who are truly noobs to the character.  If this approach had been used in the first game, it would not have been any more effective, but would have at least been a logical progression.I will say that the Cold, Cold Heart campaign is the one exception to my comments above.  I don't want to spoil it for anyone that is considering a purchase and wants surprises, but this part of the game was original and broke the mold (as much as you can) compared to AA and AC.  I find myself wondering why this wasn't rolled into the overall game as the starting point for the ""real"" campaign... oh, well.If you've read some of my other posts -- I hate the ""up"" or ""down"" voting system on Steam.If you're looking for something fresh and original in the Batman Arkham series, this really isn't it.  <thumbs down>If you're ok with something that's largely a replay of AA and AC, with a little freshness from Cold, Cold Heart?  <thumbs up>Overall, I find this game more frustrating from getting stuck than fun from the limited freshness.  Since I have to pick up or down, I pick down because I don't like games that make me (a reasonably intelligent and long-time gamer) get angry.  Hopefully my comments have given you enough context that you can make you're own decision.If you get a good deal and REALLY like Batman, you probably won't be disappointed.  Even though I get angry at times, I'm ""pushing through the pain"" for now to see how the rest of the story unfolds.  That said, if you were here in my house you would hear far more cussing at the computer screen than is normally the case with games I choose to invest time in."
,Recommended,209000,19281943,"Posted: 26 November, 2015",all,Amurol,"Most assets clearly copy pasted from Arkham City but it certainly stands on its own. Honest, I love the plot in this compared to other games. Great replay value with Deathstroke in challenge modes."
,Recommended,209000,19315269,"Posted: 27 November, 2015",all,ToonArmy148,"Amazing Game! Fantastic Storyline, Great Combat System. My Only Problem With This Game Is That It Didnt Have The Same Voice Actors As In Previous Arkham Games, This Is Probably Due To The Fact It Isnt Done By Rocksteady. But Overall A Great Game."
,Recommended,209000,19266217,"Posted: 25 November, 2015",all,Selekah,Best in the series. The boss fight againstDeathstrokewas my favorite without a doubt.
76561198091264816,Recommended,209000,19464047,"Posted: 3 December, 2015",all,Spartacus,"Ehhhhhhh, not as good as the other Arkham games( Probably the worst )Still good graphics, and the combat is improved with new gadgetsMultiplay is some of the coolest in a mainly single player game but was rushed with bad animations and OP strats that cant be easily countered'Nuff said"
,Recommended,209000,9682413,"Posted: 30 March, 2014",all,smd nigga,"Out of all the Batman games that came out at this point (3.30.2014). I have to say. This was the worst of the three games. However, that doesn't mean it's a bad game. Overall, it's okay. It doesn't offer anything new on the table. Personally, I could care less if it didn't bring anything new. I just care about the story. In which case, this game didn't deliver too well in the story department. It felt as if it tried so hard to copy all the perfect moments from the first two games.Overall, I give this game a 7.5 out of 10.I recommend this game to anyone that's a fan of Batman.EDIT: If you are on an AMD card, expect stuttering. Nvidia games do not play well with AMD hardware, as per usual."
,Recommended,209000,19216175,"Posted: 22 November, 2015",all,Piggy Smalls,"All though not the best game in the Arkham franchise, it is ok.. It doesn't add very much to the game. The fast travel is not a good addition to the game. Graphics are dull and boring. The story isn't really intersting either..Even though all the negative things about this game, it still is a batman game at the core. Combat and stealth gameplay are solid. If it's under 15 dollars/euros/pounds and you're fan og the other games go ahead and buy it."
,Recommended,209000,19318974,"Posted: 27 November, 2015",all,Lagnic,"It's alright. Enjoyable enough in its own right, but it doesn't really stack up to the previous games. There are baffling restrictions on the free roam mode, there are a few annoying bugs that should have been ironed out in production and the framerate tanks at times for no particular reason, although I admit I don't have the most powerful rig. It is fun though."
,Recommended,209000,19331196,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,Wryyyyyyyy,"It may not be the best game of arkham series,but it has the best story of them all."
,Not Recommended,209000,19326741,"Posted: 27 November, 2015",all,jokerswang,"Awful PC port, I've been getting graphical glitches non stop making it literally unplayable."
76561198068898321,Recommended,209000,19343107,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,jarballo490,"Overall id reccomend this game but with some caveats. Not the best story in the series, but takes alot fo the gameplay mechanics of city and improves them. Overall I prefer city but this is still a great game"
76561198160453697,Recommended,209000,19347674,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,orderlydata7479,The story is interesting and the boss fights are challenging don't let people deter from this game just because they suck and couldn't beat deathstoke on their first try like I did. The stand in voice acting I actually like more than the original voice talents. Plus the game has a great cast of villians with a tightly knit plot to bring them all together in a way that makes sense and isn't just head scratchingly dumb. If you have skill enogh to beat the game because this game unlike it's previous installments is actually hard and you have to time things just right in order for them to work. And the games combat and stealth is better than ever before in all honesty after playing the massive dissapiontment that was Arkham Knight I can happily recommend this game to anyone.
76561198041664736,Not Recommended,209000,19486033,"Posted: 4 December, 2015",all,aaron,"Absolute crap. Beautiful gameplay, but the glitches make it entirely useless. You put a ton of hours into gameplay only to have it stick you with a black screen and no way to move forward."
76561198158829945,Recommended,209000,19470605,"Posted: 3 December, 2015",all,W.P,why when i wanted play online it keep on said my computer could not connect to server ?
76561198077930959,Recommended,209000,19431260,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,xXCATXx,"Good game, but buggy, gliding glitches sometime"
,Recommended,209000,19389706,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,unjellybean,"Apart from the bug in the Bird mission, this game is awesome."
,Recommended,209000,19392958,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,MAX Poopatti,This is a great game eaven tough it doesn't work on my computer...F you windows 10
76561198159536060,Recommended,209000,19393142,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,Pakalu Papito,Buy it because it is batman8/8 use the batclaw instead of the batmobile to travel again
76561197974458082,Recommended,209000,19451931,"Posted: 2 December, 2015",all,fox,"Love the voice of kevin conroy for Batman. thank you just for that, worth $60 and all the DLC."
,Recommended,209000,30642948,Posted: 20 March,all,Big Tuna,"This is a great game with a good campaign and any fans of DC hero's will have be able to use Batman, how they like against the villians they grew up watching. The online is also great which brings lots of skill into the game, where you are rondompy placed into one of three teams, brains, Batman's, or my personal favorite the joker's. Overall this is a great game."
,Recommended,209000,19553465,"Posted: 7 December, 2015",all,- Yakuza -,"Good batman game, very underplayed game and should be played more, some bugs like falling through the ground sometimes but almost every batman has that nowadays. worth buying"
76561197986788965,Recommended,209000,19588128,"Posted: 9 December, 2015",all,{NSC} Art Vandelay,"I'm not sure why this game had so many negative reviews.  It's essentially Arkham City only not as good, but still worth playing.  I didn't try the DLC or multiplayer though, so this review is only for the singleplayer campaign."
,Recommended,209000,8140670,"Posted: 20 December, 2013",all,Uncle Cuck & The Boys,"It's okay, it's just kind of hard to recommend full price when everyone who would be interested in AO has probably already played a better version of this game that's been out for going on a couple of years now to put it simply.  Plus, a lot of the plot points and characters that were introduced in the marketing campaigns are wasted in lieu of throwing them out the window in order to keep everything about the game predominantly in line with the traditional pacing and aesthetic of it's superior predecessors.Not that it ruins the experience for me entirely.  It's just that it seems like a cowardly move on the part of the developers and it really does sting that so many parts of this game feel like missed opportunities.  Had they been allowed to bear fruit, perhaps it could have led to something more then above average.  These kinds of thoughts stuck with me throughout the entire experience.  Take that as you will.It's a decent enough game, but don't pay full price for it.  You're just going to feel disappointed."
76561198063610702,Recommended,209000,8142730,"Posted: 20 December, 2013",all,BrainMalfunction,dis is sik
76561198075852063,Recommended,209000,8145462,"Posted: 20 December, 2013",all,Mr. Poon-tang,It's Batman...What more is there to say...They could've brought a new experience but seems like alot of reahashed programming from Arkham City. Still a fun game to play though.
,Recommended,209000,8146373,"Posted: 20 December, 2013",all,Seabanana,IM BATMAN!
,Recommended,209000,8157956,"Posted: 20 December, 2013",all,Big-Lee,IF YOU DONT GET THIS I KILL YOU Got it cupcake?
,Recommended,209000,8159319,"Posted: 20 December, 2013",all,NASSER ALKHALDI,This Game is The Best Action Game & Advencer
,Recommended,209000,8161353,"Posted: 20 December, 2013",all,Gudako SeNPai,"Batman Arkham Origins indeed had a lot of bug problems but storywise its enjoyable. Every assassin was great espcically deathstroke. The leveling up system was great, I spent a lot of time doing everything in the game, I didnt like the riddler things but it kept me interested in collecting more and finding what it is behind that door, just to tell you its worth it(to some people). The voice acting was surprisingly good! Graphics are amazing!Everything was soo crazy in one night for batman, that should have been more than a night to do everything like that! Than the multiplayer, multiplayer had a decent extra content for the game, but its not really worth the time. I liked all the characters in multiplayer, it was amazing. I was only disapointed that their weren't much modes and the amount of people to join the game is too less and takes too much time to wait! When someone disconnects the game, everything is unfair and not balance. The multiplayer is good for your extra content to batman!Verdict: Batman Arkham Origins is one of the most best gameplay wise game once again but not the best out of the three. The Single player storyline is amazing and a good ""extra"" content multiplayer to batman arkham origins. Due to this game's bugs, arkham city again and the multiplayer's modes and the amount of players in game, it made it place 3rd place out of the three games.  Overall its recommended and Im giving it a 8.5/10 for Batman arkham Origins."
,Recommended,209000,8149483,"Posted: 20 December, 2013",all,They Call Me Zip!,duh nuh nuh nuh nuh nuh nuh nuhduh nuh nuh nuh nuh nuh nuh nuhduh nuh nuh nuh nuh nuh nuh nuhBATMAAAAN
,Recommended,209000,7496700,"Posted: 27 October, 2013",all,Shadowhawk,"At first I was worried that this game would not live up to the previous, Arkham City. However, after playing for many hours I have come to see this game is insanely fun. If played on hard it is a much greater challenge than any of the previous Arkham games. I strongly suggest playing on hard. In addition the combat is as fun as always with many ways to take down your opponents. However, this game has added even more gadgets and ways to take down those opponents!!!! For example, connect a person to a place above them with Deathstrokes neat gadget to hang them up. The story is also quite intresting, I strongly suggest purchasing this game and all the others in the series if you havn't already."
,Recommended,209000,8134344,"Posted: 19 December, 2013",all,BPraneethK,if u have not played it then u have not played a real game till now
,Recommended,209000,10039498,"Posted: 6 May, 2014",all,jim,"""look guys we have a new antagonist that you've never seen before""""just kidding it's still Joker"""
,Recommended,209000,8201772,"Posted: 22 December, 2013",all,ult,"A worthy successor to the Arkham series despite some shortcomings in the level design. The story is engaging, and the combat system is essentially the same - one of the best in the genre. Troy Baker's voiceacting is worth mentioning as well. Mark Hamill will be proud."
76561197967507908,Recommended,209000,8202488,"Posted: 22 December, 2013",all,The MAD Doctor,Game is awesome. Period!!!
76561198006285101,Recommended,209000,8202985,"Posted: 22 December, 2013",all,andyuk5uk,ace
76561198106468850,Recommended,209000,8514351,"Posted: 2 January, 2014",all,ikarus114,Best Arkham game from the trology
,Recommended,209000,8514649,"Posted: 2 January, 2014",all,Chef Mungus,"When does the Adam West voice-over DLC come out? 10/10, Would riddle my fiddle again."
,Recommended,209000,8515085,"Posted: 2 January, 2014",all,GreyFox824,"This game is well put together, unfortunately it doesn't break new ground. Arkham Asylum and City really set the stage and with each one they built on the other. With this one though it simply stayed the same. Great game to add to the collection but isn't anything special. Lastly, I didn't like the joker to much in this one. The last two he was an insane psychopath with dark humor. I felt this one was lacking in humor from him, really bringing down the experience."
76561197973253186,Recommended,209000,8441615,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,GrimmaceF13,"Not as good as BM:AC, but still a good Batman game. Seemed like more a retread, nothing really new from BM:AC. Nice small additions, but nothing big."
,Not Recommended,209000,8616444,"Posted: 8 January, 2014",all,BulbasaurusRex,"When I bought this I was really excited to play especially after enjoying Arkham Asylum and Arkham City so much. Unfortunately I was incredibly disappointed with this release. Arkham Origins did not add much of anything aside from some new gadgets and a new story. The enemies you face are no different from those in the previous two games, we see the usual goons from each gang, female assassins who underwent a retexture, there's the big enemies who are fought the same way that the titan goons were. The only new enemies that I have seen so far were martial artists and police officers (who fight the same way that the common thugs fight) Even the world looks almost exactly the same as it did in Arkham City.I didn't play the multiplayer for very long but it seemed to be a fun idea but after a few rounds it gets old. I like being able to change the appearance of the characters and upgrade their weapons over time but the multiplayer does not seem to be very popular (It took well over 10 minutes to play one match and most of the players left when the game had just started. I played 1 vs. 1. vs. 3.)I'm not expecting much in terms of DLC and I've never been a fan of the season pass system since to me it seems cheap. The DLC involving Bruce before he became Batman did not seem interesting to me in the least nor does paying five dollars for different batsuitsMaybe you'll enjoy, maybe not. I know I didn't and if anyone but Rocksteady handles the next one I think I'll pass."
76561198016434728,Recommended,209000,8619849,"Posted: 8 January, 2014",all,Aethon,a
76561198041197355,Not Recommended,209000,8621449,"Posted: 8 January, 2014",all,Shadez,Fun but tons of glitches that need to be solved that really messes up when trying to complete the full game. Now it has a good plot and good graphics and all that good stuff but it is riddled with bugs and they are common bugs that shouldn't even be on the game.
,Recommended,209000,8623479,"Posted: 8 January, 2014",all,SirThorne709,Great game.  Just as good as the last two.
,Recommended,209000,8601979,"Posted: 6 January, 2014",all,SoNick,"JUST beat this game earlier today!Rocksteady games has handed development over to WB Games Montreal and it shows a bit. The story is still solid and the base gameplay is good, but there are a few moments while collecting items for side-quests that will have you saying ""...what."" Pretty much the ENTIRE map from Arkham City returns in the northern half of the game-world this time, but it just feels... empty, like it logically SHOULD be there but most of it doesn't have extra content to go with it.If you enjoyed Arkham Asylum and Arkham City then I definitely recommend giving a few hours to this game to make up your mind on it. It's not as strong as them, but there is still a LOT of fun to be had and the scene where Harleen Quinzel is interviewing the Joker is something that you can't miss out on!"
,Recommended,209000,8607902,"Posted: 7 January, 2014",all,whosaywhatnow,"The third installment (or is this Batman Arkham 2.5?) is not as polished as the sublime Arkham Asylum or the engrossing Arkham City. Arkham Origins is in fact quite buggy.  The combat slightly more frustrating. The gliding and grapplehook mechanics not quite as smooth. The loading breaks up the gameplay - I've noticed usually when I'm gliding between areas.But the voice acting is fantastic, especially for the Joker as I'm sure you've heard.  When the controls don't hinder your experience the Boss fights are challenging  and enjoyable - save for one Boss battle which seems to attempt to copy The Scarecrow from the original but only lets down this sequel and make it seem like a poor copy.Arkham Origins also offers new features and Easter Eggs, like visiting the Batman Cave - which help seperate Origins from the other games. The Proto-Riddler mission is more of the same, but feels quite organic. this is not just the Origins for Batman but also the villains. You will obsessively hunt the  Datapacks in the attempt to 100% the game and more importantly bring Enigma to justice.In the end I would recommend Batman: Arkham Origins - providing you're lucky with the bugs you will find this an enjoyable addition to the Batman: Arkham brand. Some larger reviews have been harsher on this game, giving it average ratings and calling it ""more of the same"". Although many of this reviews also hand out top scores to COD and FIFA sequels far too freely so do be careful whose advice you go for. As I write this there is still DLC due to be released, and the GOTY version quite some way off - and I have not touched the multiplayer. So I'm not quite reviewing the full game here. But if you've played the previous games and loved the characters and the story then Batman: Arkham Origins really is more of the same, and it doesn't let the franchise down. The best game in the franchise is still the first, Batman: Arkham Asylum, but if you wanted more story after beating Arkham City then this game does deliver."
,Recommended,209000,8615378,"Posted: 7 January, 2014",all,sinistaaaaaa,"this game had a rocky start with glitches and crashing issues, most of which have been fixedi dont lie when i say i am a fan of the arkham series ive played all three games and im happy to say that this one fits right in.the story takes place before batman had connections with the gcpd. this causes you to sneak into the gcpd multiple times to get information. the boss fights are outstanding and some are somewhat challenging. i have 3 however. problems with this game the first is that the developers still didnt fix the combat so if you get caught mid animation and have to counter good luck getting that counter out. the second is that the pc port is not the best. like i said the bugs and crashes were fixed but the game dose not to my knolage let you change texture quality or anything of that sort, instead you have alot of dx11 options. its not a bad looking game but some of the textures are not good. i also recomed using a controller because ♥♥♥♥ keyboard controlls. that was a leason learned from arkham city (♥♥♥♥ double tapping z). my third and final problem is that they got rid of the riddles which makes me sad :(.  but atleast challenge mode is still here and with the abbility to play as deathstroke which is one of my favorite villans in the dc world.anywhy the game isnt as good as arkham city but the game definatly earned a spot in the series and if you can get it for the right price definatly add this game to your collection"
,Recommended,209000,8719647,"Posted: 15 January, 2014",all,DarthCanadian,"Definitely has some issues with the Arkham timeline as there are gadgets that seem to disappear in the Asylum...But! Gameplay is like an improved Arkham City, looks good and Batman has had a serious workout while changing his engine."
76561197962337262,Recommended,209000,8721661,"Posted: 15 January, 2014",all,haxo,11 out of 10its ok
,Recommended,209000,8722858,"Posted: 15 January, 2014",all,Hellofu,its a fun game when there are no bugs getting in the way.
,Recommended,209000,8976450,"Posted: 4 February, 2014",all,Mr Pink,No Mark Hamill but they done this really well minus the few bugs.
,Recommended,209000,7693976,"Posted: 18 November, 2013",all,Digital Kraze,"Great Game. It is more Batman, but it's worth a play through if you're keeping up with the games. Oh and running on Ultra...it looks fantastic!"
76561198025459065,Not Recommended,209000,8847567,"Posted: 25 January, 2014",all,gamer11,"pretty good game with some problems in the graphics.The game is from a different developer/WBstudios no Rockstady and there is no Paul Dini anymore in this game.But its acutaly a pretty good game. Besites it has a great story.To be fair Arkham Asylum is still my all time favorite of the Arkham series.It plays itself pretty much like the other 2 games.Fine new Storytelling with real great Grafics, if you take out the directx11 functions.Hopefully they patch it once more so i and many other gamers could play it without glitch effects.Thanks allot to the developer please patch it so it would work great in the future.If you liked the first 2 you love this game too. But it has this many bugs inside soi can recommen this game with handbrakes.Reedit! after 30 Percent of the game played... and still falling into walls and stuff.As there are still way too many bugs in this game that i cant play the game propperlyand there is no solution from the support team- they closed my caseIm absolutly disappointed and never wanna see WB Montreal ever touch a Batman Game again.If there would be a way to get my money back i would do it.I still have the klick to start- problems.I fell into streets bridges and walls.The controlls are a mess /especialy the fighting and finishing.There are savegame problems i cant save anymore and have to restart again.The story is ok but the Glitches and Game breaking problems are way to much.There will be no patch anymore for this game so save your money and wait for a different developer and game. They clearly messed Batman up. And dont have the balls to patch their game or make a propper support."
,Recommended,209000,9675646,"Posted: 30 March, 2014",all,Brozgar,"As a big fan of first two parts I've got really disappointed with the feedback this game has got. And probably even more about the fact that this part wasn't developed by original Rocksteady team who made a gigantic input to the genre, while I didn't know much about the new team. Then I watched a couple of videos of it and I was just♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥off by the facial animations, also graphics didn't look so well on these videos (as it turned out later on these videos were either made on consoles or weren't the highest settings)... So I decided to wait for a discount.And here I am, got it yesterday and played for just a few hours, but it feels like I already have a strong opinion (by strong I mean that it probably won't change much later on) on this game. This game in fact is not so bad, I would actually say it's pretty good for those who finished the first 2 parts. It doesn't have much new to offer, but it's still fresh enough.Graphics in fact are slightly better. Cutscenes look too polished, I think there was some post processing on it, but I don't really mind - the difference is not too big and it's cool to have these nicely done cinematic scenes. There's again a good use of PhysX, which was amazing in previous games, but here there are some improvements. For example, you're making deep footsteps in the snow which won't disappear 2 seconds after. DX11 is used widely so the level of detail is good (although I still have a feeling that if it would be made by Rocksteady, they'd manage to get even better results, considering how awesome graphics are even in the rather old Arkham Asylum). As for facial animations, or if to be more exact, lips animation - it really sucks. It's just so choppy, even though lips movement is somewhat improved (you probably could read what they're saying by lips, if they would move smooth). Sometimes it looks so silly that you can't pay attention to what characters say and laughing instead. I wish they would leave it as it was in the first 2 parts.Combat. That's the main part and they didn't fail with that. It got quite harder than the previous parts (and I was playing the second part a few days ago, so it's not me getting old... even though I do). On Hard though, not sure how it is on lower difficulties. Enemies attack more often and Batman is not as fast as in the previous parts, where you often could just ignore incoming attack and hit. Here if you're 1 millisecond too late you gonna get punched. I really like this, I always was a fan of the combat system in Batman though, so as long as it's not worse than in the 1 and 2 parts I'm happy. However they missed something what Rocksteady did: before, if you die in a combat which happened after a cutscene you could continue straight from the beginning of the fight, without a need to watch the cutscene. Here you have to watch it all over again. And you can't skip it because it's either loading or saving (which is silly, because it overwrites the exact same save file). So when you get really stuck you have to rewatch the cutscene for like 10+ times and that completely ruins characters' charisma. Why? Because you start to hate them just because they're repeating same crap again and again... So, for example, take Tracey - I loved her pronunciation (can't call it an accent, can I?) and scummy type of speech, but after listening the same replicas for half an hour (yeah, I was terrible at this fight on a ship), I started to hate her. I mean, really, the ability to pause or skip ANY cutscene is a must in my opinion.Overall I'd rate the game positively. And you should really get it if it happens that right now there's a sale on it - it's probably worth even a full price."
,Not Recommended,209000,9677796,"Posted: 30 March, 2014",all,Doctor Strange,"I cant actually finish this game due to glitches, i'm up to a point where if i land it glitches me any where near the quest point i need to go stuck forever"
76561198046293751,Recommended,209000,9678663,"Posted: 30 March, 2014",all,L0NExxW0LF,best batman
76561198028639274,Recommended,209000,9678874,"Posted: 30 March, 2014",all,Alfern,"Ikke like bra som Arkham City, litt ""uferdig"" følelse over det i forhold. Historien er heller ikke like bra, men et absoulutt bra spill uansett"
,Recommended,209000,9678912,"Posted: 30 March, 2014",all,QTpi,"Some bugs, but so far nothing that makes it unplayable."
76561198081377500,Recommended,209000,9679720,"Posted: 30 March, 2014",all,Mattata,Holy sensitivity batman
,Recommended,209000,9680465,"Posted: 30 March, 2014",all,CptRed23,Great fresh start to the series !
,Recommended,209000,9680814,"Posted: 30 March, 2014",all,Whiteboy_wonder,FIx the story mode STEAM.
,Recommended,209000,9681677,"Posted: 30 March, 2014",all,Dubstep_Potato,"One of my favorite games in my library, not in my top five but its a great game. If youR the type of person who just loves to beat the crap out of villains and breck there bones and leave them in the cold snow to die, THIS IS THE GAME FOR YOU. :D"
,Recommended,209000,9681772,"Posted: 30 March, 2014",all,Britovisk| Farmskins.com,"Great story, u get really nervous and expect a lot all the time. The movements are nice and th fight is classic. Really cant stop playing it since u begin."
76561198045381353,Recommended,209000,9681984,"Posted: 30 March, 2014",all,First name Last name,eh
76561198042173568,Recommended,209000,9767717,"Posted: 8 April, 2014",all,Satan,Awesome <3
,Recommended,209000,9768011,"Posted: 8 April, 2014",all,»Bale«,>Talk♥♥♥♥♥♥get hit>be Batman>bounty on my head>Joker talks♥♥♥♥♥♥>talk♥♥♥♥♥♥get hit
76561198050275167,Recommended,209000,9768639,"Posted: 8 April, 2014",all,CancerEnhancer,This game is a game
76561197971863175,Recommended,209000,9774777,"Posted: 9 April, 2014",all,salami_tsunami,"I think this game got a bad rap. You gotta think of it like a great cover band. It'll never be Led Zep, but can you go get ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥d and see Led Zep with your girlfriend and then get in a fight over a taxi with a Wallstreet douchebro and you end up in jail for manslaughter because you kept trying to go for the eyes just like grandma taught you? Maybe the wolverine costume was a bad idea tonight. Please help me post bail.Christian Bale!See, it all relates.Batman."
76561198021603892,Not Recommended,209000,7485897,"Posted: 26 October, 2013",all,DreamBreaker,DLA CALISS DE MARDE A ÉVITER!!!!
76561198051843799,Recommended,209000,9778172,"Posted: 10 April, 2014",all,CookingCrowd,Such a good game although City is better
,Recommended,209000,9780858,"Posted: 10 April, 2014",all,Biohazard X,Lovelyyy! <3
,Recommended,209000,9665927,"Posted: 29 March, 2014",all,Sleeperagent,while not as good as the masterpiece that is arkham city it's still fun to play and for the people that say this game is bad because it wasn't as good as arkham city I urge you to try batman dark tomorow and learn the true definition of a truly dreathful batman video game
,Recommended,209000,10046793,"Posted: 7 May, 2014",all,Welwood,"Great story, fun game, but absolute dog♥♥♥♥♥♥controls. I'm not fighting Bane or the Joker or Firefly, I'm fighting an absolutely cocked up control scheme that's the primary cause of 90% of my deaths.For example, you're Batman, you're facing an armed man who will shoot you in the face the split second he sees you. You swoop down from the heavens to kick him square in the face OR WAIT, WHAT YOU REALLY WANTED WAS TO LAND ON THE LEDGE 5 INCHES FROM HIM AND JUST STAND THERE AWKWARDLY WHILE HE BLASTS YOU WITH A SHOTGUN. YES OF COURSE!How about the Firefly fight? You'd really like to jump around and throw things while stunning him with glue? BETTER IDEA, FIGHT THE CAMERA ANGLES SO INSTEAD OF GOING RIGHT OR LEFT, YOU GO FORWARD NOW BECAUSE REASONS, DIRECTLY INTO THE FLAME BECAUSE THE CAMERA ANGLE YOU CANNOT CONTROL DECIDED THAT FOR YOU. GOOD JOB, THE PEOPLE OF GOTHAM ARE SAFER NOW THAT UP IS DOWN AND LEFT IS FORWARD, HOO♥♥♥♥INGRAY!Batman's greatest nemesis is this games ♥♥♥♥ed up controls, and until you beat that monster, you've got no prayer of saving gotham, or yourself."
,Recommended,209000,10048656,"Posted: 7 May, 2014",all,Punished Serge [AJSA],"As with many other games these days, I must recommend this game only in sale. It is just Arkham City 2.0, and before patches was a lackluster title... Nowadays fortunately is quite playable and has certain appeal If you enjoyed the first Arkham games. It isn't mandatory, but It calms down the urge for the upcoming Arkham Knight."
,Recommended,209000,10049772,"Posted: 7 May, 2014",all,The Bear of Bad News,"I do recommend this game, should the price drop.Don't get me wrong. If you're a fan of the Arkham series, you will like this game. Single player is very much like Arkham City, except the city seems a bit more expansive, and there are newer gadgets and harder enemies. The story is pretty good, too.Developers had a great idea when it came to multiplayer. This was something that should have been done before. Only problem is that it's very, very limited. It strongly feels like they threw their ideas together one afternoon during lunch and finished it by quitting time that day.There are two game types, one of which I've never even found anyone willing to play, so I can't review it. Both are 3v3v2 (Joker thugs vs. Bane thugs vs. Heroes). The concept was great, but the levels are small, and there are only 4 of them. This is ridiculously fun at first, but gets old quickly. In fact, today I couldn't even find any players for the ""good"" game mode, which was sad but expected. People got burnt out.It would have been AMAZING if there were a Team Deathmatch, 10v10v2, in a dozen large maps. But maybe next time.All in all, you're basically buying this game for single player, which is good, even though much of the time it just feels like a large expansion to Arkham City."
,Recommended,209000,9913066,"Posted: 23 April, 2014",all,pain meat,One of the most fun Open World games that I have played in a long while. The storyline is very great and keeps you on the edge of your seat. :D It is very glitchy though.
,Recommended,209000,9915712,"Posted: 23 April, 2014",all,BALLIN' OFF GOVERNMENT CHECKS,"This game is pretty great. The story is great. The gameplay is great. The controls are great. The voice acting is great. Everything about this game is great. I got it on sale along with Arkham Asylum (already owned for 360) and Arkham City, both just as awesome as this game. The only criticim I have is that this game isn't as polished as the other two in terms of being bug free, but none of the bugs are game breaking and I think the latest patches sorted a lot of the major bugs out.As long as they keep making Batman games like this, I'll keep buying them."
,Recommended,209000,9916335,"Posted: 24 April, 2014",all,FuLLy,Has to be one of the best Batman games to this date! lots of fun! if you dont own it you should!
,Recommended,209000,9964344,"Posted: 28 April, 2014",all,SHAZOOO,I think I enjoyed Arkham City more but this is still great game. It has some bugs and challenges which you can't finish after finishing the main story but I think everybody who played previous Arkham games would enjoy this one.
76561197987339367,Not Recommended,209000,9964650,"Posted: 28 April, 2014",all,vertemFR42,"Excellent graphics and gameplay... until the boss fights. Struggled in easy mode with Deathstroke, got finally passed, then was stuck with Bane for an hour hitting my keyboard like hell before dropping out. Wasting hours on boss fights is not my cup of tea."
76561198036735214,Recommended,209000,9967027,"Posted: 28 April, 2014",all,Jehrokc,"Should have been a movie instead. don't get me wrong it's easily as great as arkham city, but that's really it, it's arkham city with a different storyline. despite a couple new gadgets the gameplay is pretty much the same, having a new diruption causing gadget that causes wide spread panic is great! but ultimately the best method is still swing around untill two are isolated, use a batarang knock one down and takedown the other. despite a great story, the game feels more like an expansion pack than a totally new game. if it goes on sale, give it a buy. if not, 30 bucks is a bit much to pay for a new storyline in arkham city."
,Recommended,209000,9969178,"Posted: 29 April, 2014",all,Carlos,"I read many opinion, about this game, and most of it wasn't good, but to be honest I don't know why. The story is addictive, graphic id gorgeous, and mechanic of fights enjoyable. I agree that Arkham City is the best Batman Game I've ever played, but Arkam Origins is just behind him. In my opinion many objections concerned the duplication of ideas of predecessor are unfounded, becose it's the essence of sequels, thats we wan't them to be make in the same way.If you liked Batman: Arkam Asylum, and Batman: Arkham City you'll love Batman: Arkham Origin. If you don't just find another game."
,Recommended,209000,9955940,"Posted: 27 April, 2014",all,Chromigula,"The continuing evolution of the Batman Arkham series, Origins features a revamped case investigation mode, new gadgets, and  smoother-feeling free-flow combat.  If you enjoyed previous entries in the series, you will enjoy Origins as well."
,Recommended,209000,9956314,"Posted: 27 April, 2014",all,RedVelvet Toast,10/10 Awesome
,Recommended,209000,9948054,"Posted: 26 April, 2014",all,Ganso,"This game feels like an expansion to Arkham City in every aspect. As soon as you start the game, you already have most of the gadgets and abilities from Arkham City. The mechanics are the same, there are no new enemy variants introduced, only a few new abilities and modifiers. Although this might look like a bad thing, it is actually not, since everything still works very well even though there is no innovation. The aspect where this game shines is story. The story is just great, better than all previous Batman games, although shorter.One big step back is the new challenge mode. Previously, we had combat and predator challenges. Now we have combat and campaign challenges, the last is a series of 3 levels mixing predator and combat, where you have to complete all 3 in order. The drawback is that you cannot choose which predator map you want to play, and you have to replay combat challenges you have previously completed, for a new score. This really feels like milking the game mode in order to make the game last more hours, but is very off-putting.Another annoying aspect is that certain upgrades are unlocked only after you completed certain in-game achievements. Some of them are very difficult and you will find yourself spending hours repeating yourself just trying to unlock an upgrade.The riddler trophies in this game are the easiest of all games so far, most of them you have to go to the location and it pick it up, no puzzle solving required. I liked when there were lots of puzzles.Played a little bit of multiplayer, it is quite fun, but the biggest drawbacks are that matches are too short (less than 5 minutes, it ends when it is getting fun) and takes a long time to set up the next match."
76561198005509034,Recommended,209000,9957951,"Posted: 27 April, 2014",all,The Melancholy,"Although the game doesn't little to enhance what Arkhuam City did in terms of the gameplay. Batman: Arkham Origins is clearly worthy of the Arkham series. The flaws in the story and gadget logic relating to this being a prequel don't interupt the gameplay unless if you're picky about that sort of thing. Some of the moments of the game, mainly towards the end, really shine what makes this series great."
76561198086070982,Recommended,209000,9958968,"Posted: 27 April, 2014",all,njgking75,"Dispite some minor mechanical issues I expirenced with some of the combat and sneaking, this game was still great. From a comic fanboy's point of view it gave you almost everything you could want in a Batman game, from the back to back fist fight with Gordon to the twisted perspective of Batman's arch nemisis (who was not voiced by Hamill which kinda put me off).The game was given a very 90's appeal to me the setting reminded me very much of Micheal Keaton era of Batman that honesty brought emotionally to when I was first introduced to the character ( I am also not too proud to admit of getting a little **ahem emotional over a particular cutscene)Over all great game! I'm still waiting to fight Superman, but I'm nothing if not patient... oh yeah that ♥♥♥♥♥ is gonna get it."
76561197970516970,Recommended,209000,9948719,"Posted: 27 April, 2014",all,Hector Rekt,"This is the worst Arkham game so far, but that still puts it way above almost every other superhero game ever made.Also multi-player has more potential than almost any tacked on multi-player mode ever, but it's broken and it will never be fixed."
76561198038823964,Recommended,209000,9972566,"Posted: 29 April, 2014",all,Cowleesi,"So much fun , and is as good as the others. Was not let down at all. I could lose myself for hours in this game."
,Recommended,209000,10801855,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,Ignota,"Best snow mechanics i've seen in a game batman has never looked better it's bigger, prettier and has online 9/10"
76561198097777616,Recommended,209000,10803179,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,Supreme,absolutely amazing!
,Recommended,209000,10803937,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,Novalux,"Nevermind that this isn't by Rocksteady, this is a great game. I put more time into this game than any other game I've played in the last 5 years."
76561198044708627,Recommended,209000,9923226,"Posted: 24 April, 2014",all,Sagical,"I thought this game was fairly good, aside from the annoying(and sometimes game breaking) bugs, and the absence of Kevin Conroy"
,Not Recommended,209000,9923685,"Posted: 24 April, 2014",all,The Good Morty,so many ♥♥♥♥ing bugs
,Recommended,209000,9924342,"Posted: 24 April, 2014",all,GlutHound,"More of the same from the time of Arkham Asylum and Arkham City, but that's a good thing.  You are more restricted in where you can grapple to, which is very disappointing... seems lazy on the developer's part.  Not complete yet, and we'll see how the story wraps up, but solid so far, and the environment seems cold in the winter storm outside."
76561198031155332,Recommended,209000,9926608,"Posted: 25 April, 2014",all,Consuela,"Am bat, Much fun. Smacky smacky bad guy."
76561197968832765,Recommended,209000,9907765,"Posted: 23 April, 2014",all,Kashiran,"Kind of the red-headed stepchild of the Arkham series, this one feels 'off' for some kind of reason. Considering this is Gotham City proper instead of a prison or an asylum the city feels so empty. Yes there are random crimes for you to intervene and the detective mode is even more interactive but this doesn't capture the same fun, grittiness, or atmosphere that the previous titles had. Still a decent game overall and the new voice actors did an admirable job, but it ain't no Arkham City. Wait for a summer/winter sale to pick this up. 7 out of 10."
76561198055524995,Recommended,209000,9908887,"Posted: 23 April, 2014",all,OLD GREGG!,Arkham Origins is wroth buying because of its amazing story and gameplay even though there are some glitches and the controls are a bit hard to get use to when you start playing.
,Recommended,209000,9910321,"Posted: 23 April, 2014",all,The Deepest P,"Loved it a lot. The multiplayed has so much potenital because it is fun as is, but pretty buggy and from the bugginess there isn't much of a community on it anymore. I definitly would like to see a better version of the mulitplay in the new game."
,Recommended,209000,9911358,"Posted: 23 April, 2014",all,Yoshi,"I blew taking a screen shot of this, in part because the game ended so quickly and abruptly that I didn't realize I was done. Perhaps I did a better of job of mixing in collectibles and side missions with progressing the story in Asylum and City, but this one's story seemed a lot shorter. That might also explain the crazy amount of crap to collect. I'm planning but not exactly looking forward to going back and finishing that stuff up. I like the crime scene stuff, but I could do without dozens of network uplinks to smash, and even the sometimes thought provoking data packets have really worn out their welcome after three games. I once again enjoyed the action, and the boss fights had very nice set pieces this time, especially Firefly, but this is very likely the weakest of the trilogy. I think this is also the first time I've actually been caught up with an annual series!"
,Recommended,209000,9277631,"Posted: 27 February, 2014",all,chris,"Pretty damn enjoyable game, Arkham Origins is Warner Bros Games Montreal's first attempt at an Arkham Game and the first game in the series that hasn't been developed by Rocksteady, the game feels very familiar which has its strengths and weaknesses. The story begins during the early years of Bruce Wayne's career as the Dark Knight.Gameplay - The combat is exactly the same as Arkham City but with some new moves and takedowns etc, this is both good and bad, this is Warner Bros Games Montreal first attempt at an Arkham game and I can't blame them for taking the safe route and not messing around with Rocksteady's rock solid combat system, it's the same crisp setup we're used to and it satisfies that craving for Hungry Jacks mega combo stunner deals.  However if you try to play this game within a short timeframe of Arkham City you're going to feel pretty bored, my best advice let this one sit for a few months till you're jazzy fresh for some gut punches, within a few hours I was hooked again and just couldn't stop throwing out some coward punches. Gadgets are largely unchaged, you're arsenal is the same with an extra 3 or so gadgets, the best being the shock gloves which allow you to rack up some crazy combo multipliers and the rocket hook thingy that attaches two muppets to each others ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s.Story - The story is satisfactory enough to keep me going, the prequel route is usually pretty predictable, so there aren't really any suprises here, its just a nice opportunity to flesh out some of the other lesser known DC characters and build upon the ones we're already familiar with. The voice acting is rock solid as always, as much as I miss Mark Hamill, Troy Baker does a superb job for the Origins story, as well as Kevin Conroy's replacement for Batman, Roger Craig Smith. Most of the familiar faces are voiced by the same people as before such as the incredibly talented Nolan North (Penguin) and Tara Strong (Harley Quinn) two extremely talented VAs with arguably some of the most roles ever played, think of a game or cartoon and chances are one of these two were in it.Audio - Punches sound like punches, kicks sound like kicks, not really much to rave about here, it does the job, the Gadget noises sound just the way you want them, with neat little clicks and clonks, but a lot of it is re-used assets from City.Visuals - Man these Arkham games are getting quite spiffy, everything is sharp, textures, lighting, character design etc. The weather effects are great and the effects Batman leaves walking through snow and♥♥♥♥♥♥is pretty kewl. All the visuals come together in a nice package, there aren't any bad spots that I can think of that had a poor level of quality. Level design was superb, but the map was pretty much the Arkham City map with a completely new section.ConclusionPLAY IT IF YOU LIKE BATMANIf you still aren't sick of the Arkham games yet pick this one up on sale or whatever, its a good timed playthrough at 25 hours ish for me, somebody who takes it fairly slow and picks up quite a few collectables and does challenges along the way, and it probably isn't as long as Arkham City, which is a good thing because I think this ship has finally run its course, I look forward to Rocksteady Studios return to the series in what I hope will be something completely new. On the other hand I look forward also to seeing what Warner Bros Montreal can do next now that they are a bit more comfortable.EDIT: I remember reading about bugs around release but the game was 100% smooth sailing for me."
76561198004482602,Recommended,209000,7598148,"Posted: 7 November, 2013",all,Nunyah,ANOTHER MUST HAVE! GREAT GAME!!!
76561197998825270,Recommended,209000,8836344,"Posted: 24 January, 2014",all,The Dorf,"I think Batman needs to just give up on Gotham and find a city worth protecting. It seems like 99% of everyone you run into in Gotham is a criminal. I mean it made sense in the first game where Batman was in the asylum and all of the inmates had gotten loose. And I guess it made sense in the second game too, when all of Arkham’s residents had gotten loose again and taken over the city. But now in this game, aside from the fact that it’s Christmas Eve, it’s a normal day in Gotham city and the streets are still covered with criminals. Literally every single person you see on the street is either a criminal or a member of the SWAT team. Where are the normal citizens? Exactly who is Batman protecting here?Anyway, Batman: Arhkham Origins is, as the title suggests, part of Batman’s origin story and takes place in the early years of Bruce Wayne’s career in crime fighting. It tells of Batman’s first encounters with characters like Killer Croc, James Gordon and, of course, The Joker. The game begins with the criminal organization leader known as Black Mask placing a 50 million dollar bounty on Batman’s head. Several B-list Batman villains, most of which I had never heard of before, show up in Gotham to try to take down Batman and collect the bounty. But then of course The Joker shows up and upstages all of the other villains. Sounds like a typical Christmas Eve for Batman.This game was actually not made by Rocksteady, the studio that did the last two games, but by WB Montreal. If you don’t count the WiiU port of Arkham City (who does?), this is actually WB Montreal’s very first game, which made me a bit nervous to try it. You’d never know it though, the quality and polish of Arkham Origins is pretty high, so I suspect there were a lot of veteran developers brought on to the WB Montreal team. Actually, if I hadn’t known the series had switched developers, I doubt I would’ve noticed at all; Origins is so similar to the other two games, especially Arkham City. A lot of the animations, game mechanics and even the models and assets from City seem to be copy/pasted into Origins, so I guess Rocksteady gave WB Montreal access to their source material.There’s really not much new introduced in this game either, which I guess is a bit disappointing, but I had been meaning to replay Arkham City anyway and this was a nice way to do it - with a different narrative layered over the pre-existing gameplay. Actually, just about the only noticeable difference between Origins and City is the change in voice actors. I was disappointed to not see the actors from the animated series and the other games return to reprise their roles, but the new actors do a fine job. The new Batman actor does a younger and angrier emulation of Kevin Conroy’s Batman and the new Joker’s portrayal is a bit more edgy and dangerous feeling than Mark Hamill’s Joker. Different, but still good.Other than that though, this game is quite similar to Arkham City and what you thought of City will likely be the same thing you think about Origins. I had fun with this game, so check it out if you were a City fan.For more game reviews, check outhttp://whatisjamesplaying.blogspot.com/"
,Recommended,209000,7509111,"Posted: 28 October, 2013",all,Alhazred,Amazing
,Recommended,209000,8818877,"Posted: 23 January, 2014",all,Slayer,"I have read alot of negative critques on this game, almost didnt buy it... and to my suprise I found it quiet AWESOME!! Yes they do use the Arkham City maps and there is no good citizen in the entire city..  the  gameplay remains the same with minute additions. However  this is still a great game... its only your expectations which get in the way.So here's what the game does well.. introducing a younger bat, a vigilante.. the game does an outstanding job of introducing the Joker, its probably his best caper in the entire series! I really liked the plot, it does take a criminal mastermind to pull it off. Also Bats has tiffs with Alfred... who still doesnt get that Bruce Wayne was destined to be the Dark Knight...  his run ins with Captain Gordon is superb. You get to see an alliance form of sorts. To top thigs off, you are hunted by 9 deadly assassins... All in all the script makes for a good Batman movie,  the boss fights are superb... fighting Bane, Firefly... Batman and Joker in freefall... spectacular! Nearing the end, this game get quiet thrilling , it is by the far the Grittiest in all the Arkham Games.If you are willing to forget Arkham City and play Arkham Origins for what it is, I can assure you...  you'll have a ball!Rate this ""A"" - Great."
76561198045104233,Recommended,209000,7574346,"Posted: 5 November, 2013",all,Rawbeezy,Batman is Back!  A wack of new enemies and the return of the favourites.  more polished and deadly.  check it out.
,Recommended,209000,7611566,"Posted: 9 November, 2013",all,th1rd3y3,Excellent addition to the Batman series. Gorgeous graphics as well.
76561197972718105,Not Recommended,209000,8763109,"Posted: 18 January, 2014",all,pinkGrendel,Poorly made clone of Arkham City. Very glitchy... repeatedly you're not sure if you haven't figured out the puzzle properly or if the game has borken... game-breaking bugs happen a lot!
,Recommended,209000,11182431,"Posted: 11 July, 2014",all,archerphoto,"Simply great. However, I find it really similar to all the others in the franchise."
,Not Recommended,209000,11186444,"Posted: 11 July, 2014",all,Kaiser SaySo,"The worst in the series of Arkham games. It makes me wish they'd made more DLC for Arkham City to fill the Gap until Arkham Knight comes out.Very samey, totally glitchy and very frustrating is the best summary for Arkham Oranges.To have to face a boss as difficult as Deathstoke so early on in the game when I was already quite frustrated with it for the other reasons I've mentioned was a very early nail in the coffin which now has my patience in it. I have since put this game down. Maybe I'll return to it after a while but this has had the completely opposite effect on me than the first 2 games that I simply could not stop playing.I do not recommend this game. Not, ""It's good but..."" or, ""Enjoyed it in spite of the glitches."" etc. I simply did not enjoy this game and it wasn't worth the money.Wait for Arkham Knight."
,Recommended,209000,11199911,"Posted: 12 July, 2014",all,vladesk,"Não está no nível dos dois primeiros, mas ainda assim é um excelente game!"
76561198015672653,Recommended,209000,8194066,"Posted: 22 December, 2013",all,NightshareCz,great fun :))
,Not Recommended,209000,11193445,"Posted: 11 July, 2014",all,FerricSBO,"Disappointing. It's a less-polished Batman game that captures neither Asylum's atmoshpere nor City's overall scale. The boss fights are a major step down from Arkham City, with most of them consisting of ""press the button"" scripted sequences or slightly bigger-than-normal minion fights. There are some interesting segments, particularly around the middle of the game, but the game feels too focused on large-scale combat sequences. The equipment selection is mostly designed to mimic the abilities already available in City, and the game's Datapacks are generally less fun to hunt for than Riddles and Trophies were.If you've already exhausted everything available in Arkham Asylum and Arkham City, or you're just a huge fan of the Arkham series' combat, the game might be worth getting on sale. Otherwise, there are better and cheaper Batman games on Steam."
76561198031523804,Recommended,209000,10960337,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,LittleGammaRay,"Being a bit buggy here and there, I ended up being quite pleased with this game. Origin stories/games don't normally flow well with myself, but this one was awesome! Love the Arkham series thus far!"
76561198043717627,Recommended,209000,10960589,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,Pissy Shits,"The story is compelling enough to keep you going, the conbat does get a bit repetitive at times though, but still there's so much put into the game that it's easy to overlook the problems."
76561198039457578,Recommended,209000,10983710,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,Antonio,This game is pretty darn awesome.You should totally get it!
,Recommended,209000,7589154,"Posted: 6 November, 2013",all,Abehl dur Aenslaed,"Apesar da Empresa ter enviado este com varios bugs, pela pressa e a jogabilidade usar toda a mesma base do city é um grande jogo que merece ser jogado com afinco..."
,Recommended,209000,10985761,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,Jamwell,"I wanna be the very best like no-one ever was,To catch them is my real test, to train them is my cause.I will travel accross the......something something DERNER NERNER BAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAATTTMAAAAAAAAAN"
,Not Recommended,209000,10988205,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,ComfyMan,"After playing it through on my brothers profile and once over on my own steam account my opionion of this game has not changed. It is a very poor attempt to catch the finese and master craftsmanship of the first two games while selling out all the gimmicks a prequel title could sell out to. There is nothing about arkham origins that allows you to feel what the trailers and story promise, a wonderful ""Origin"" story of how batman went from being a masked thug hunter to a super hero of Gotham.From the very instant you begin the game you catch every keynote of Arkham city. The animation, design, combat, gadgets, and most mechanics are exactly the same. The combat is almost identical and the only changes are so minor that they are more annoying than anything else. Moments throughout the newer levels (cause there had to be some) are only so good that they keep your attention for a few minutes while in arkham cuty and asylum you had depth to the art. Batmans cave and resources make no sense. There is a fully equipped batjet but no batmobile. A totally decked out training area but no bat gadegts fully completed.The boss fights are gimicky and anti-climactic as the difficulty level has been hardened in the worst ways. Now you have more goons to fight and a lot of them dont care how far away you are from their fist. Don't be surprised if a few gyus float over to you to connect a punch.There is nothing more horrid about this game than its story. While I dont' want to give too much away lets just say that Joker was the best part of it and made everyone else looks like♥♥♥♥♥♥becasue he was done so well. Not to mention how badly a well handled part and all the other poorly handled aspects of this game clash constantly. Lets go down the list to exact how annoying the lackluster world of origins really is. You cannot slid under things that obviously look like you can slide under them, you cannot punch wooden barriers (destructables), you cannot simply grapple onto the higest surface you must aim, you cannot just level up you have to do it lineraly, you cannot simply overcome obstacles you must do it with the right gadget, you cannot find riddler trophies becasue they are no longer torphies, (or fun to find)Much of the charming darkness has been lifted and I do not like what I see. It is one thing to make a good batman game it is another to dress a guy in a suit with pointy ears and call it an origin story of batman. Take this back WB, I'm going back to the asylum."
76561198036547997,Not Recommended,209000,11052597,"Posted: 3 July, 2014",all,jmonroe,If you like button mashing then this game is for you. If on the other hand you prefer to actually have a choice on how you go about the game then this probably isn't your best choice. The game has very nice visuals but I just couldn't get behind having to do certain things to defeat certain enemies.
,Recommended,209000,11056930,"Posted: 3 July, 2014",all,mild-mannered Nolan,"DO NOT BUY, Save your money and get Arkham Knight(a acctual batman game) or if you dont already get one of the earlier batman games, but not this one it is horribly glitched."
,Recommended,209000,11057137,"Posted: 3 July, 2014",all,𝓽𝓲𝓵𝓭𝓮 🎯,"If you have played the first two, chances are you will like this game as well. it has better graphics and better combos, nice tect and quests too. the only thing i didnt like is the camera, its damn too close, during the crocs fight, i had to die several times in EASY mode. took me some time to adjust to its gameplay. seriously why would design it to be too damn close? when you get to the crocs scene dont you ever run, just dodge the hell out. anyway, its still fun and worth it, but, wait for the sale and grab it."
76561198068392593,Recommended,209000,11001096,"Posted: 1 July, 2014",all,christheloop,"If the grapple accelerator were available then, how was it an upgrade later on? BURN."
76561198063819573,Not Recommended,209000,11001805,"Posted: 1 July, 2014",all,jon d,WHat could have been a decent game from the batman arkham series just becomes unplayable at times due to the bugs that plague the game didnt think much of the story compared to the previous games however combat was just as fun and rewarding as to be expected from this series
76561198117103692,Recommended,209000,11001996,"Posted: 1 July, 2014",all,DuckDodgers,Very good.
,Not Recommended,209000,11027847,"Posted: 2 July, 2014",all,Michael,"Sloppy. If I had to review Origins in a word, that word would have been: sloppy.And this isn't to say Origins is a bad game. It isn't very good though. It is just sloppy.What it does well:The core gameplay is still very much the gameplay of Arkham City. And like City, moving around is a joy. Jumping, gliding and swooping is just as fun. Fighting is still good. There are several ""crime scenes"" scenes, where you have to examine evidence and reconstruct the crime. And these sequences are quite interesting even if they are very linear. There's an inner world sequence with allusions to ""The Killing Joke"" which was pretty good and a little thought provoking. The relationship between Batman and Alfred is defenitly the highlighty of the game. As is the slow build-up towards an allience between Batman and Gordon. And that's about it.What it does not do well:Weather- In a moment of distraction, I looked at the white ground and realized it was snow. Then it slowly dawned on me that the occasional flakes around me are supposed to represent a snow-storm. I was traversing the out-side for half-an hour before I realized that. And the game never managed to convince me it was snowing hard.Villains: In both Arkham and City- the villains were trapped in the same location as you. In Origins, they are either hunting you actively or doing their own thing.But in City (for example) I think that every villain had something to do with the plot. And granted, a large part of the plot was the battle between Penguine, Two-face and Joker. But even The Mad Hatter was there for a reason- his technology enabled Strange to take over, and so he is given a lab in the city to work in.But Origin just flaunders with it's villains. The eight assassains sent after batman are in it for the money. But they seem to have been chosen at random and they attack you in much the same way. You can finish the game without meeting at least two of them. It all feels a little sloppy.Bane for example, is one of the assassains. But he doesn't care so much about the money, he just really hates Batman. And he really hates him beacuse... I have no idea. As far as I gathered their meeting in the game is the their first meeting. So perhaps the reason is hidden on his bio or in some background infromation source outside the game. But why should it be so? He is one of the three most prominant villains in the game. He is argueably the final boss. And I have no idea what was his motivation.The Joker sufferes a similar problem. The only clues for his vendetta against Batman is an interesting inner-world sequence, where it seems that Joker's origin in Origins, is very similar to his origins in the story - The Killing Joke. That's almoust good enough, it just that the Joker and player are the only ones who know this. The other villains, Batman, the police have no idea who this ""Joker"" is and why he hates Batman so much. But they take it in stride, as if saying: his a villain, that's what villains do.The lesser villains fare even worse. The Mad Hatter appears (in the same Hat House he has in City), and torments Batman for absulotly no reason or connection with other elements of the plot. It's just sloppy.Enigma fufils the same role he did in the previous games- leaving puzzles and collictibles. The puzzles are really the same ones from City. But he is far less chatty with you then he was in that game. He taunts you only about the communication towers he controls (about eight) and remains silent when you solve one of his puzzles (about 200). And once you foil his plan, that's it. You never conront him like in City or lead to his capture like in Arkham. And this pattern of unsatisfactory conclusion repeats itself when confronting the other assassains and Shiva specifically. She just dissapears after a short battle. Really.Gameplay:You start with a large part of the arsenal you had in City, which is a bit weird, since this is a prequell. And Batman seems to operate for less then two years. So there's every justification to do what we expect video games to do: strip us of the arsenal we ammased in the previous game. What it means is basically- the game assuming you are already familiar with the Arkham City arsenal. Enough so that it doesn't bother with a toturial for the vatrious gadgets you start with. Personally, I was very familiar with the arsenal, but I pitty the new player who needs to read the ingame glossery to get a grip on his starting tools.The tools you gain are deadwringers for the few in City you havn't trated with. With the sole new edition of electric gloves. Everything else in your arsenal has appeared in some form in City. The ice grenades, for example, are just reskined as glue grenades.Combat is very much the same as in City. But it feels just a little off. I can't put my finger on it and my timing of blows was always a bit off even in Arkham City. So I'll leave it at that.On the Technical side I encountered a few minor glitches, one crash that forced me to verify the gamefiles via steam and a few instances where the game seems to stop responding to certain actions.And that's it overall. Not bad, but sloppy and ultimately unfufiling. It does many of the same things the previous games did but with far less charm, a lot less thought invested in the plot and characters and almoust non of the polish."
,Recommended,209000,11041467,"Posted: 2 July, 2014",all,screamofyamf,"I enjoyed Origins at least as much as Asylum. Not sure if I prefered City to Origins or not. The gameplay was similar to Arkham City though the difficulty scaling was a little wonky (with the hardest fight I fought being about 1/3 of the way into the game), but the story was hands down the best of all 3 games in my opinion. I'd still highly recommend it to any fan of the Arkham series."
76561198043051244,Not Recommended,209000,11058249,"Posted: 3 July, 2014",all,Old_Ironeyes,Unplayable buggy mess. 1/10
76561197985396953,Recommended,209000,8442043,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,Trog,"Whilst Graphically very impressive, and still as fun as it always was. There is no escaping the fact that this is Arkham City with a fresh coat of paint. The free roam map is about 80% copied from AC and the combat is identical in every way. The lack of riddles was a bit dissappointing as well, instead there are only datapacks (trophies).The main story is pretty good, even though prequels are always a bit of a copout. The biggest innovation is the detective scenes where you reconstruct crimes. Though apart from one or two notable crimes these are all much the same.The game is packed with content and all in all is a pretty good experience coming from the new devs."
76561198093795499,Recommended,209000,8444202,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,Ethan-Strife-guy,honestly dont trust the bull that people are saying about this game! arkham orgins is an amazing addon to the arkham and trust me you will not reggret this game. the online is allot better thanks to uptades and buy the season pass to play as death stroke. im not going o say anything else because u need to experince this for your self. i give this a 9/10.
76561198102206273,Recommended,209000,8498957,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,Scared_Nasty,"Loved this game! However, bugs are rampant throughout. Without these bugs though its the best game in the Batman series."
,Recommended,209000,8499194,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,Torr1978,"At the time of this writing I can't recommend this game to anyone. While extremely fun it is such a poor port that they would have been better off never bringing to the PC because it just makes us angry when it doesn't work right.The final fight with The Joker (spoiler, Batman gets into a fight with The Joker) there was a problem in the input recognition subsystem that required me to connect an xbox controller to get past, no other input means would allow me to perform an ""attack"" - note to developers: hardcoding any input is stupid, allow EVERY input that the user might need to provide to be configurateable, do it from the begining and you will be able port it more easily. Once past this buggy fight I ran into fights with other NPCs that I didn't have problems with before but now I couldn't interracted with them to trigger a conversation.Maybe if they patch out some of these more egregous failures in the user interface it would be worth buying."
76561198037576821,Recommended,209000,8520556,"Posted: 2 January, 2014",all,ThyLuckyOne,"good game but the new game plus was a bummer, in arkham city when you start new game plus you have every gear that you have from the first playthrough. in this game of arkham origins you do not (examples: remote batclaw, shock glove, etc) it is understandable that the game would be werid to beat the executioner with your shock glove but there is no real fight, with the remote claw, you never use it against deathstroke (spoiler alert). Arkham City was great with the second playthrough becuase of the little perks and shortcuts with the new gear. playing arkham origins with not every gear is frankly dissapointing to the game. to anyone who wants to get this game keep in mind this game is not as good as arkham city which is one of the best batman games of the trilogy"
,Recommended,209000,8521375,"Posted: 2 January, 2014",all,worlebird,"If you enjoyed the previous two Arkham games, you will enjoy Batman: Arkham Origins.  This game very much feels like more of the same, though that's not always a bad thing.  There really is not much new to experience here, aside from a new story.  Certainly, there are a few new gadgets and such, but aside from that this will all be pretty familiar.  That said, I still am enjoying it quite a bit.  Summary review: recommended if you enjoyed the previous games."
,Recommended,209000,8521735,"Posted: 2 January, 2014",all,BuckyKat,"I'm moderately recommending this game. While it is a fun extension of the Arkham universe, Arkham City is by far the best of the three games and Origins isn't quite as good as Arkham Asylum. The big issues with the game is that even after the first major patch for the game it still has a number of issues that will periodically pop up and cause frustrations. In the battle against Killer Croc near the very beginning of the game, Killer Croc’s model will vanish thus leaving you unable to see him. I’ve also experienced falling into the void below the map immediately after a cut-scene finished. While the flipping-while-flying glitch isn’t that big of a deal it does scream at you that the game has problems.The world map is physically bigger than Arkahm City’s, but City feels like it was planned much better thus City feels like a bigger game than Arkham Origins does. I enjoyed the variety of the boss battles in Origins, but on New Game Plus I frequently get hit enemies because their pre-attack movement was obscured by another enemy.The best new component of the game is the enhanced crime scene interaction. Arkham City did a decent job with the aspect of investigating a crime scene. In Origins you do a complete crime scene recreation where you’re able to recreate what happened during the crime in 3D and then rewind or play the action to help you figure out what occurred.If you want to continue the Arkham games then I recommend getting Origins as it’s interesting to visit some of the same interior locations from City, but I wouldn’t recommend making this your first introduction to the Arkham universe. Start with Asylum and then go to City before playing Origins."
76561197997418631,Recommended,209000,8522110,"Posted: 2 January, 2014",all,Andras,"Many will disagree but I find this game better in comparison to Arkham City. I love ALL 3 games but this one by far had the best story IMO. The young joker did an exceptional job. I loved every moment of gameplay. I may come back to play this one again but I usually just do the story playthrough then I am finished. The graphics, story, animations, and sound are superb. For only 25 bucks on steam sales, this game is WORTH EVERY PENNY!!"
76561198074509802,Recommended,209000,8525418,"Posted: 2 January, 2014",all,Rocky,"Best Batman game. EVER. Did you ever read Knightfall? The Killing Joke? The Long Halloween? Can you imagine a game that highlights numerous villians in the Batman universe? Now picture Batman meeting all these villians for the first time. This is Batman: Arkham Origins, you can beat the whole game and STILL have much more to do! Seriously."
,Recommended,209000,8490949,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,Geysur,"A lot of bugs, but still cool."
76561198045296599,Recommended,209000,8492737,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,Jarsen Skymen,"This is a great game, I am really looking forward to where this franchise is going!"
,Recommended,209000,8493222,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,octyc,Beautiful sequel to Arham Asylum and Arkham City!
,Recommended,209000,8496837,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,ZƐZZƐX,"If you read alot of reviews on this game you will see that a lot of people will say that they game offers nothing new from Arkham City.  This may be true, but that doesn't mean that the game isn't fun.  The story alone is worth the price of admission.  To be honest i only really played the first two game for the story.  After I finished the story I did not continue with all the side quests and challange maps.  I'm not a big fan of the button mashing mechanics of the combat system.  This game is all about the story.  If you love the story in the first two game, you will love this one as well.That all being said, I've already found myself playing more of the challenage maps then I ever did in the first two games.  I see myself playing more of Arkham Origins then i did the first two games.  Not that I like this one better, It's just that I've already spent moe time playing.  Sure the game doesn't have any new game mechanics over Arkham City, but thats not a bad thing, the game is still bad♥♥♥♥♥"
76561198062949220,Recommended,209000,8498031,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,guilhermeqc,"First of all, I think you should let all haters comments aside and try the game yourself. Is it a copy from Arkham City? Of course not. It sure has the same feeling, most of the commands are the same, but you gotta realize that the game is not actually the same. The story is amazing, sometimes it actually makes you feel like wearing a bat suit and punching every bad guy out there, that's all I gotta say. The challenges are kind of more challenging, and hard mode is actually pretty hard at the beggining.Yes, the game might have its bugs, but tell me which game doesn't nowadays. It might be annoying sometimes depending on the bug you get, but to be honest with you, I must've gotten like 3 or 4 bugs max doing the whole campaign, and you tell me that the game is full of them? No it's not.The multiplayer is amazing, it is something really innovative and creative, that you can spend a lot of time in it having fun.I'm a big fan of the game, but I'm not recommending just because of that, I'm recommending it because it is one of the best games out there at the moment, and for a long time it will be. Expect great downloadable contents coming and enjoy the game at its best. I hope I did help you to purchase this game, I'm sure you won't regret it."
,Recommended,209000,8670700,"Posted: 11 January, 2014",all,clawdog007,"Gamplay is like the first two, and the story is really good. Multiplayer has its issues but is really fun."
,Recommended,209000,8670767,"Posted: 11 January, 2014",all,Rik Shazam,More of the same and that's not a bad thing. People complain about the new combat system. It's just harder. Get over it.
76561197970535744,Recommended,209000,8631171,"Posted: 9 January, 2014",all,Foxy_Ramone,"What looks and sounds like a great game, but isn't a great game?Arkham Origins.Everything you loved from before is here... but a little off and unrefined. Somehow crosses the line from enjoyable to tedious and keeps running to the horizon.Overall it's still okay fun, but don't get your hopes up."
,Not Recommended,209000,8633819,"Posted: 9 January, 2014",all,Steven,"its full of bugs and gltichs for example killer croc when he charges just runs right thro me dosnt even hurt me, on top of that sound kicked out during his fight scene only start working agin after the fact plus he disappears during fight turns invissable to reappear and glitch. turns out alot of people are having issues with things just suddenly disappearing, angry joe on angry joe show siad the game was in horriable state and I guess i wish I wouldnt bought it now."
76561198039653384,Recommended,209000,8638314,"Posted: 9 January, 2014",all,rodrigosmguimaraes,muito phoda.  a serie arkham não decepciona.
76561197972363156,Not Recommended,209000,8638742,"Posted: 9 January, 2014",all,tacomaninvietnam,"This game seems in many ways as good if not better, but I really can't tell because of the bugs.  My graphics card wants to run the game in all direct x 11 textures at ultra settings but the fmvs are horrendous, clipping all the time, missing voice syncs with the screen (I mean like 10 seconds off), and constant artifacts on screen during gameplay.  I am playing on a laptop that runs Battlefield 4 much better than XBox One, but this game runs like crap.  Don't even suggest running the game at lower settings as this has no effect on the God Awful clipping in this game.  Nothing will make this game run correctly that I am aware of at this time.  Rocksteady needs stop wallowing in the shame that I am sure this game has caused for the PC release and fix it.  Or refund our money for this barely playable piece of crap."
76561197987027019,Not Recommended,209000,8575665,"Posted: 5 January, 2014",all,zOmbIE,"Bland, boring, not worth the 50% I paid during the xmas sales."
,Recommended,209000,8569954,"Posted: 5 January, 2014",all,bigugly07,"If you liked Arkham City, this is more of the same. While it falls short on many aspects of its predecessor, this is a worthy addition to the Arkham franchise. The Boss fights are better than they have been, and the story is quite good, with an excellent spotlight on the Joker (Someone read The Killing Joke). Not as many of the best Batman villains in this one as there have been in the previous games though."
,Recommended,209000,8560620,"Posted: 4 January, 2014",all,L Ψ Kongroo,"There is just one major bug (during the final boss fight - you will know it when you get there) with this game and the fix is rather simple. You need to go into the file called ""DefaultInput.ini"" and check to see that these two lines are there:.Bindings=(Name=""NumPadThree"",Command=""DebugCameraZoomOut | OnRelease StopDebugCameraMovement"").Bindings=(Name=""NumPadFive"",Command=""TriggerQuickStrike | QuickGadgetX | DebugMenuSelectX | CancelBatarangCamera | Button aQuickStrike"")For some reason the defaultinput.ini file does not have that second line which you need for the final boss.  If adding that back in does NOT solve your problem, then reduce the resolution to it's minimal settings and try that. If you have both fixes going and that does not work, good luck because that's all the help I can give.Origins does a couple of really neat things gameplay-wise on top of Asylum and City, but the story itself is more of a world-building exercise than the more gripping intrigue that you see in Asylum.  It also contradicts a couple of points from Asylum, but if you just want the gameplay, well you've got more of it."
,Recommended,209000,8549396,"Posted: 4 January, 2014",all,Fennithos,"Batman: Arkham has been the very series that has made me a batman fanatic. I have bought so much batman swag since the introduction of these games. This game is developed by a different company, changes voice actors for Joker and Batman (tear for Mark Hamill hanging up the old Joker laugh) and is about an ""unrefined"" batman. For these reasons I was massively skeptical. However the game ""overall"" delivered. Batman was definitely unrefined leading this to be one of his primary attractions about his character in this game. He was very agressive and made you in tune with his pain over he years. Joker replacement voice actor does a great job overall whereas batman voice actor  is spot on.My only quam with this game is the DLC ""initiation"" which sucks. Bruce Wayne doesn't speak, its a challenge map trial pack (not an actual DLC), is hard to locate in the menus and only has a certain number of retries. BOO!The multiplayer is very clunky and kinda sucks that achievements require quite a bit of time to unlock them via multiplayer."
76561198005294908,Recommended,209000,8554000,"Posted: 4 January, 2014",all,KK74,Awesome game like the rest of the series.
76561197970996397,Recommended,209000,8458382,"Posted: 31 December, 2013",all,Furwy,"10 / 10. Great example of ""don't break what already works"" principle. Don't mind haters. The game is same as City, better and bigger though."
,Recommended,209000,8510723,"Posted: 2 January, 2014",all,Loaded Dice,"Score: 7+Played: ~25 Hours, finished the main story and all of the sidequests and challenges.+ Borrows elements from both Arkham Asylum and City to make an enjoyable experience+ Although it uses props from Arkham City, the world still looks unique and very pretty+ Fits nicely within the Arkham universe and makes some great references+ Challenge Mode is improved, tying in with story progress+ A good mix of known Batman villains and some lesser known+ Some really good boss fights+ Bane- Why reveal all assassins at the beginning of the game, a huge loss in the suprise element- With 8 assassins on your tail, you don't feel hunted, only one of them goes after Batman- Again a Joker focused plot, also it is filled with plotholes- Some characters were greatly underappreciated, namely Black Mask- Combat is not as smooth as its predecessor- New Detective Mode is cool, but they reveal too much information- The UI, although not bad, is not as clear as its predecessor- A lot of bugs and glitches- The Challenge Tree (Combat, Stealth, Flight), which is used to get new skills, is horrible- The new 'Riddler Throphies' are a downgrade- The game did not pushed the franchise further, instead gave more of the same"
,Not Recommended,209000,8598138,"Posted: 6 January, 2014",all,utumno86,"A disappointment. It's the same thing as Arkham City, but with crappier boss fights, practically no story, and a smaller environment. I guess the cool combat of the series is still there but I could hardly notice it for all the bugs and the inexplicably ♥♥♥♥♥♥ framerate I had on lowest settings. Plus, no Kevin Conroy, no Mark Hamill, and no Paul Dini. Give this one a pass."
76561198053960577,Recommended,209000,8599113,"Posted: 6 January, 2014",all,Atomic,So great love it
76561198007922799,Not Recommended,209000,8600530,"Posted: 6 January, 2014",all,jimwesterfield,Buggy.  Still have not seen a fix for the screen goes black and unable to continue play in the birdman scene right at the end of the game.
,Recommended,209000,8600757,"Posted: 6 January, 2014",all,ConnorIRL,Do yourself a favor and buy this game
76561198004120939,Recommended,209000,8586821,"Posted: 5 January, 2014",all,TrickIce,"Hands down probably the best 3 game series ever. Even though its more of the same, the combat and graphics are perfect. Story is great, and you get to be the Dark Knight."
,Recommended,209000,8481546,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,kabbok,enjoying the story of the arkham series of batman
,Recommended,209000,8481602,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,•Conkr•,Pretty damn cool game! The story is good and the actual gameplay is cray-cray smooth.
,Recommended,209000,8528557,"Posted: 2 January, 2014",all,Peeksi,Fun. Batman. I actually think the portrayal of each character in this game is superior to the previous two Arkham games. Everything that made the previous gamesgreat is in this one as well.
,Recommended,209000,7666506,"Posted: 15 November, 2013",all,Mizake,"The relationship between Batman and Joker is the most powerful and expressive embodiment of the hero  / antihero concept that exists in popular culture. Every time it crops up I get a little thrill.This thing, this game - which really doesn't seem to have had lore in mind when it was written - has done so much good.Each and every single Batman game, comic or story manges to comment on the narrative very well. But when something arrives that halts the storytelling, then crystallises and forces you to accept what's given? It means something."
,Recommended,209000,8525384,"Posted: 2 January, 2014",all,Faoeoa (fml eye surgery)™,"Game is ok.I think WB Montreal's most used word during the development was...'Tonight, we're making some changes!''Some very big changes to continuity.'"
76561198006227763,Recommended,209000,7576723,"Posted: 5 November, 2013",all,I_love_MW,"Хорошая игра с глобальной проблемой - Arkham City. Я от первых двух частей в восторге, поэтому и Origins прошел с удовольствием. А так - вторично, опять ДЖОКЕР... или это был спойлер?, слишком много QTE, загадки Риддлера примитивны... про финал этой сюжетной линии лучше вообще не говорить, БАГИ.... А игра все равно понравилась."
,Recommended,209000,8532846,"Posted: 3 January, 2014",all,[RG]Ango,"While not much has been added from the other arkham games, there are some serious inprovements and it is a all rounded great game. The storyline is alot more connective aswell.9/10"
,Recommended,209000,8542396,"Posted: 3 January, 2014",all,LEG3ND,the best in Trilogy in my opinon
76561198016071202,Recommended,209000,7477664,"Posted: 25 October, 2013",all,Marky Mark,"8/10 This game is amazing. Graphics are awesome and gameplay is outstanding. Combat is ♥♥♥♥♥♥ic, yeah, it's that amazing. But it has some issues. A couple of bugs and glitches which can completely halt your campaign progress, which sucks."
76561198024787861,Recommended,209000,9692443,"Posted: 1 April, 2014",all,GunGuy88,"I love this game. I have played all 3 of the Batman series and I do love this one! The campaign is great! it also has a really fun and dynamic multiplayer! I truly suggest getting this game. The only catch, in my opinion and trust me it's only an opinion, is that I would suggest buying a controller and playing it that way. Playing it with a keyboard just didn't work for me. With that said, I did play the other 2 games on Xbox so I was kind of already biased to using a controller! I haven't had any bugs while playing this game. Me and another friend play online all the time and have yet to have any issues. Enjoy the game friends! Cheers!"
,Recommended,209000,9684402,"Posted: 31 March, 2014",all,Khanaj,"Very cool game, I dont see why people dislike the game"
,Not Recommended,209000,9661419,"Posted: 29 March, 2014",all,[CUO] falk,Deathstroke is the worst boss.i cant ♥♥♥♥ing defeat him.i need ♥♥♥♥ing tips ♥♥♥♥ing deathstroke
76561198052323389,Recommended,209000,9802715,"Posted: 12 April, 2014",all,satyboombatty,"What a load of crap.  There are countless bugs in this game, most of which can be worked around with some difficulty, not that this is any excuse for them existing in the first place.  But to finally make it to the end of the story and not be able to complete the final Joker fight due to another bug with a quicktime event is ridiculous.  This is just one extremely poor piece of work and a real shame for the franchise.  Poor, very poor."
76561197993864252,Recommended,209000,9802799,"Posted: 12 April, 2014",all,†VLAD THE IMPALER†,"Brilliant game really enjoyed it and for the first time for me with these games.....no bugs, if you like Batman get it!!!."
76561198052371719,Not Recommended,209000,8738313,"Posted: 17 January, 2014",all,r_guy44,This game is ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t dont waste your time or money
,Recommended,209000,8742528,"Posted: 17 January, 2014",all,Gordon Freeman,Super game!
76561197985873570,Recommended,209000,8769340,"Posted: 19 January, 2014",all,pendrix,"Solid batman installment. Buggy though, so be prepared for that. They're patching it up, so it should be playable. If you enjoy the batman characters and world, and crime fighting, it's a game you'll enjoy. Just don't get too mad when you can't get all the engima puzzles right away, you have to progress through the story line to get all the gadgets you'll need."
,Recommended,209000,8776613,"Posted: 19 January, 2014",all,AlienNutsackInvader,"Amazing! The story line is intresting, its starts before the events of arkham asylum and it does a great job making me want to play them all again! The graphics are about as good as they come, the textures, lighting, and enviroment are stunning. The game accually is not that demanding, i maxed out everything but vsync and physx and i was getting around 50-60 frames with my 7870 and fx-8320. The only issues were little glitches like cape malfunctions, and the fire animations were not all that great.  Overall this is a must play and i strongly recommend it if you have 10-15 hours to be blown away!"
76561198064766629,Recommended,209000,8756566,"Posted: 18 January, 2014",all,ParaBellUm,"BAO is fun to play.  Very challenging and it makes you think how to acomplish your goal.  Even though it has continuity problems when put next to the other games, it is still worth playing.  The setting is years before the Arkham Asylum events.  Bruce Wayne has just started as Batman.   It all takes place on Christmas Eve.  There are many side missons that you can either complete as your complete the story misson or after.My only gripe is that the story misson was short but I guess that is why they have the side missons."
76561198046545005,Recommended,209000,8440240,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,Mortimonster,"Really fun and entertaining for fans of the other two games in the series. This one wasn't as good as the previous titles which is probably because of the switch of development teams, however, while not as groundbreaking or without as much improvement as ""City"" from ""Arkhman"" it still held my attention until the very end."
,Recommended,209000,8441857,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,JJJJJJJcub,"Not as good as the first two Batman Arkham games. There are multiple bugs including one, that at this time, prevents you from finishing the game. It's still worth buying though."
76561198002484122,Recommended,209000,8469579,"Posted: 31 December, 2013",all,mjhmach5,Awesome game.
76561198112470660,Recommended,209000,18813667,"Posted: 1 November, 2015",all,Papa Putin,"Game gets a bad rep, I thought it was better than Arkham City."
,Recommended,209000,18811935,"Posted: 1 November, 2015",all,Ç®ï§Þ¥Føø,"This was alright - it kept me engaged throughout the entire game and majority of the side quests/thingies. Reminded me a lot of saint row 4, but with way better combat.Controls and graphics are top notch; I recommend a controller. Worth a playthough if you like the sandboxy 3rd person action game. Also - if you like batman -_-"
,Recommended,209000,18818848,"Posted: 1 November, 2015",all,Nandiola7,Really good game and yes i will recommend it. bad compared to other arkham games but still if i had to give a rating i would give 8.5/10.. top notch
,Recommended,209000,18820616,"Posted: 1 November, 2015",all,Magic Jack,great
76561198082446954,Recommended,209000,18854887,"Posted: 3 November, 2015",all,Stuart Gibbs,"Played this game over a few times now and both times I've enjoyed it. I will enjoy this game for many years to come. My nephew is a fan of these games too and they are child friendly, yes there's a lot of violence, but If you can't teach your kids the difference between real life and a game, then maybe you shouldn't of had kids in the first place!!"
,Recommended,209000,18852246,"Posted: 2 November, 2015",all,Chitstain,Batman dumpstered everyone.
76561198176559018,Recommended,209000,18948479,"Posted: 8 November, 2015",all,Blobfish Sandwich,"This game is alright, the story is awesome, the voice acting is very good the graphics are amazing but the combat is terrible. I press Y to counter but it does not work! it is really annoying that you can't counter the riot shields. I do recommend this game but be warned... the combat sucks."
76561198055469309,Recommended,209000,19074691,"Posted: 14 November, 2015",all,Caspy403,"Is it as good as the previous games? No, but the previous games were 10/10 for me! So Origins is only 9/10! Definitely worth it. (ps my playtime is more like 20+ hours, but my rig couldn't connect to Internet for over a week)"
,Recommended,209000,19075129,"Posted: 14 November, 2015",all,mykell,ENJOY THE GAMEALWAYS BEEN A FAN OF GAMES LIKE THISGREAT GAME AND HOPE TO SEE MORE GAMES LIKE THIS
,Recommended,209000,30609972,Posted: 19 March,all,21 Savage,"A good game for combat, voice acting, and graphics. This still is a really good game, but I didn't really enjoy the story line that much, doesn't feel like its a batman game without free-roaming and running around arkham, but it a changer.P.S. late♥♥♥♥♥review but who cares"
76561198138593145,Recommended,209000,19372500,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,cwkormives,good game!!!best bosses ever
,Not Recommended,209000,11043365,"Posted: 2 July, 2014",all,Sir Jables,Arkham City > Arkham Asylum >>>>> Arkham Origins.Much of the same but not as good.  The origin idea just didn't work for me.Bring on Suicide Squad though!
,Recommended,209000,19342279,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,Rama #Flame,Batman was very angry in this game.
76561198069455788,Not Recommended,209000,8430439,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,Vivipanda,"This game can eat a bag of♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ It is kinda okay and I thought it was going somewhere until suprise suprise, it was the joker all along, Seriously? Joker is not Batman's only effing enemy. Just another A typical major publisher trying to milk my money teets for all they are worth. Now I am not going to start a circle jerk over what is bad with this game, but it totes would of been better if it was done by Rocksteady.I will give it one thing though, the Bane fight was actually really good and had my palms all sweating combined with loud mouth breathing in concentration. Many cigerettes were smoked in my attempt to deal with how hard and scary Bane actually is.Buy this game at your own risk, I promise you that it is filled to the brim of daring feats, game breaking bugs that have not been fixed yet and hilarious glitches where crimanls spaz out like they just had a huge hit of there favoiurite pure grade narcotic."
76561198087002811,Not Recommended,209000,8626456,"Posted: 8 January, 2014",all,wbruce235,does not seem worth it. single player broken. very upset about this
76561198062669419,Not Recommended,209000,8628949,"Posted: 8 January, 2014",all,Kittylover111,"The combat in this game is absolutely HORRIBLE compared to the other two titles. You can't do combos anymore becuase if you EVER try to hit an enemy in a group you're going to get hit and die. The combat turned into wait until someone is about to hit you and press Y. Its extremely tedious. The other two games you could mix in items, combos, hits, everything while OCCASIONALLY having to counter. This game, if you're not countering you're dying. Wish I could get my 30 dollars back."
,Recommended,209000,7505268,"Posted: 28 October, 2013",all,Syluxguy28O3,"The latest installment of the arkham franchise keeps up with the quality of the rest of the series, and is a great romp for any batman fan. If you enjoyed the previous installments, then you will enjoy this."
76561198086889518,Recommended,209000,8673648,"Posted: 11 January, 2014",all,Draebesonrm,The best of the Batman games yet.  Keeping up with a tradition of excellence.
,Not Recommended,209000,8723723,"Posted: 15 January, 2014",all,Popatine,"This costs 50 dollars. It's probably worth fifty cents. I have to restart because during hte storyline Batman started FALLING THROUGH THE WORLD. I can only see a orb made out of water floating next to the moon. WHAT?!? Extremely buggy game, has great potential. If this game is patched and all of these bugs are fixed, then this will be a top game.Update: After I restarted ad went past the part i was glitched out on, which didn't happen again, I can see that that is the only area that is not glitched. I would say get it if it is on sale, but DO NOT pay 50 dollars for this, it is not worth it."
76561198053910190,Recommended,209000,8851054,"Posted: 25 January, 2014",all,a.navarrobrenes,encuentro el Batman Arkham city mejor que este juego
76561198046289118,Recommended,209000,8852317,"Posted: 25 January, 2014",all,Blapples!,"This game is good. its not reinventing the wheel but its got what people need. Great gameplay, interesting story and a minimal level of replayability through minor yet satistfying achievments."
,Not Recommended,209000,8852448,"Posted: 25 January, 2014",all,Turbo,"Not as good as the first one by far. The game has so many crippling bugs that totally ruin the game play and overall experience. Some of the bugs may require you to restart hard sequences or even completely quit the game. I'm also not a big fan of the story or the new cast. I'm not sure why they decided to mess with something that worked like Arkham City did, but they failed. This game was a big disappointment for me, after Arkham City I was really excited that they were going to make another game. When I read about them recasting for the voices I was already worried, then after seeing the game played then finally experiencing it myself I was upset I had spent my money on it. All I can say about this game is, try again."
76561197961860435,Recommended,209000,8857262,"Posted: 26 January, 2014",all,Whyte.Oni,"Perhaps not the best in the series, but a decent Arkham game is still better than 80% of what is on the market. The title will lead you to believe that this is an origin story, it isn't. It's yet another story of how Batman got started, but not Bruce Wayne. Also, there was pretty much no link to Arkham itself. All that aside, the mechanics are what you would expect, as is pretty much everything else. If you like the DC super hero rendition of the Assassins Creed idea, this game is for you."
76561197992720512,Recommended,209000,8861348,"Posted: 26 January, 2014",all,Tyrant,"Let me first preface this opinion, Batman Origins is a great game and meets AAA game standards. I bought the game purely out of trust that it would be as great as or better than the last 2 Batman games, no reviews, demos or videos, just trust that they would produce equal or better quality. With that out of the way, I was disappointed with this game. The focus in this game I feel is a little lost but I’ll not dismiss the producers attempt to offer more things to do and more choices instead of having all your enemy’s lined up in a queue to get a batman beat down, the fact is I feel like the cost of non-linear game play was many ‘events’ were dry and uninteresting. Crime in progress was a great addition but it was always the same thing, enemy’s arranged in a way you can simply sneak in and take down so a large fight and giant combos was forth coming, no chance for a sneaky batman. I would have loved a few robbers that ran off with stolen goods, let me us that glide ability to chase someone down, how bought hitting a runner with a bat-a-rang or pulling someone back with the grapple, etc. Many, many enemies in this game have binocular vision and spiderman like senses once your spotted in the world. I had more than a few times that I dropped in took an enemy down and ran away to a building top once spotted and as I moved building to building all the people on the ground just ‘knew’ where I was. I also found it very hard to aim the grapple jump in this one, more often than not when looking for the next place to swing to I had to find that happy spot with the mouse to get the grapple option. The focus of this one is combos and challenge maps, wouldn’t kill to have a store mode in challenge games if that’s what you want me to focus on, how about 5 progress sets of 3 missions unlocks a predator and combat mission with a boss.  I loved the game, of the 3 it’s my least favorite."
76561198025151351,Recommended,209000,8863789,"Posted: 26 January, 2014",all,Lavwin,"Been waiting for this game to come out for a while, at first I wasn't sure, just felt the same as the last one with similar story lines. However the more I got into the game the more I ejoyed the story.The  Biggest improvement for me though compared to the last one is the movement from place to place in game. They have made it much easier with the flying machine that can be used in game for a quick jump so to speak from one area of the game to the other. It dosn't take an age to move around anymore which is good. All in all a good Batman game and highly recommended if you like the franchise :)"
76561198007563573,Not Recommended,209000,8864226,"Posted: 26 January, 2014",all,cactusbob1702,Inferior to Arkham Asylum and Arkham City.  Also game breaking bugs (i.e. case files that can't be completed due to bugs) makes this game even worse.
,Recommended,209000,7483687,"Posted: 26 October, 2013",all,Biron5k,"If you like being a guy with PTSD who takes cosplay too far with his fists, this is the game for you."
,Recommended,209000,7754725,"Posted: 25 November, 2013",all,Kannibal,"Arkham Oranges is not a terrible game, but it's not the best in the series. They touched up on the Arkham City world by reconstructing many parts of the city that were seen as already destroyed in the Arkham City game and considering this is a prequel, you will see radical differences. While the game world has been expanded upon, it's mostly surface and not enough explorable interior that even after the story is interesting to walk around. I'm hoping that the DLC will expand on the gameplay as I felt the main game was too short.The story did make a lot of references that long time Batman fans will recognize and they did it well.The multiplayer is actually fun once you get the hang of it. Even though being able to play as Batman and Robin may sound over powered, the game implies that the thugs are really skilled and finally answers that question ""if I was a thug in this game, would I have already spotted Batman?"". Though the multiplayer makes this question meta, you can in fact take down Batman and Robin with your highly tacticaly advanced thug skills. Apart from Batman and Robin, you can get access to Bane and the Joker if you are the first to gain access to them.My advice is that you wait for the full collection to come out if you are only interest in the main story. But if you are too hungry for another Batman game, then I guess you can go for it now, especially now that the multiplayer is hot."
76561197997576832,Recommended,209000,7526515,"Posted: 30 October, 2013",all,Erik,"Just as good as Arkham City: a great adventure game with character action/stealth elements based around the legendary Batman. The world is bigger than ever and the game looks better than ever. The people criticizing this for being not as good as Arkham City or Asylum have nostalgia goggles. This game is every bit the same mechanics and gameplay as the last two games in the trilogy, flawless and endlessly entertaining. There are some bugs here and there, but nothing enough to ruin the experience. I recommend this to anyone who enjoys Arkham Asylum or Arkham City."
76561198066601637,Recommended,209000,7757562,"Posted: 25 November, 2013",all,sirretnuh,Not the best in the franchise but it's still good but it has some serious problems with bugs that they have probably fixed by now but if you want just the story this game is definantly the best in the series for that because it is absolutly amazing.
76561198004420556,Recommended,209000,7759732,"Posted: 25 November, 2013",all,jlabrack,"Great game. While it plays like Arkham City, the story is far better. If you liked the previous games, like Batman in general, or just want to play a fun game, pick this up."
76561198032411811,Recommended,209000,7760108,"Posted: 25 November, 2013",all,Hela,"I am Vengeance, I am the NIGHT!Batman Arkham origins is an excellent if tragically short game that's a worthy stopgap between The next Rocksteady Batman outing, An excellent title,with a few modest flaws that prevent it from being great. It once again perfectly encapsulates the feeling of being The Batman and it is gotham in all it's beauty.Arkham Origins takes place before the previous arkham games when Batman was first starting out and was new at the whole crimefighter thing and hadnt even befriended Jim gordon as an ally yet. Man of his foes are new to him, and he's using a more armor like suit and makes more mistakes.The game is not without it's flaws. it's story is too short and there's simply not enough to do outside of it. The ""Enigma"" challenges dont feel nearly as good as the previous game and is tedious, the complete removal of riddles is dissapointing as it was a source for numerous easter eggs. The combat is identical to the last game with one new item. Batman's foes aren't nearly as fleshed out and the twist midway through leaves me feeling cheated by the advertisement as (MAJOR SPOILER BETWEEN HERE AND THE NEXT LINE)It once again is Hijacked by a certain villain despite advertising another. Sound familiar? Unfortunatedly so, however the game does an outstanding job of making it believable and being a good story and the voice acting and writing are superb more than making up for it(SPOILERS END HERE)The bossfights while having potential seem squandered, underwhelm in some cases and just amount to in a few instances more of the same. The combat isnt nearly as satisfying feeling, the sounds, the crunch the sense of impact isnt quite there like it was in the last game so it feels far less satisfying. And it's buggy, OH IS IT BUGGY. On launch the enigma side mission was uncompletable without an exploit to get past a vent that caused a particular hang up. Hopefully by the time of this writing it will be patched but it screws those who pre-order the game.Finally, the one thing about Arkham Origins that is most dissapointing is how terrible the multiplayer is. At first I thought it would be great, dynamic duo co-op! awesome! Robin is my favorite character so I was so down, but not only is Robin not even available in challenge maps, it's randomly selected, and the Simply put, it's boring, it's laggy, it's cheap and flighty and half the time your shots dont even connect. I cannot tell the number of times I've dumped an entire magazine into someone's chest as a joker thug only to see them walk up and shoot me once. And then, it happens to them, and it's not just a problem when playing as thugs, oh no, it's like that as the heroes. the levels are far too cramped and small feeling, and really the entire thing just feels tacked on. The multiplayer was clearly just tacked on because every game has it now a days and it's tragic.Now that I'm done with the bad, lets talka bout the good. The story is great, the gameplay feels wonderful, everything flows nicely and the voice acting is top notch. Once again, the story details Batman free roaming about a city under a blizzard so there is of course, a police lock downm,but you have a far larger map to play with. Sadly all this is , is a retooled, and slightly bigger arkham city map, but it works. Troy Baker has proven to be a worthy successor to Hamil in every sense of the word. an d if not for it's few but dissapointing flaws, this good game would be a great one.Is it 60 dollars good? maybe not,"
,Recommended,209000,7628351,"Posted: 10 November, 2013",all,Arrakhis,"anotehr game not worthed your money, the game is bloody glitched even patched not working, as a big fan of batman franchise, I am uutterly dissapointed, if you wanna buy this game wait untill ti doscounted or wait a year untill they fix the stupid bug"
76561198112207726,Recommended,209000,29535500,Posted: 27 January,all,Jheyf,nice game.
,Not Recommended,209000,16856309,"Posted: 2 July, 2015",all,OverkillAntics,"A near-worthless pile of crap that shines with the incandescent incompetence of Warner Bros Montreal.A full, detailed explanation of all of this game's shortcomings would take an hour. Or four. And no, I am NOT exaggerating.A list made from my overall analysis would be:-Bugs and glitches are far too copious within combat, often ruining scenarios that took quite a lot of diligent planning. Missed hits due to the game not being able to follow the direction of your controls, combo-breakers due to the game insisting on making martial artists buggy messes, and horrible enemy prioritizing.-Within specific areas of the game, massive framerate drops will occur, even on low settings, causing defeat at the hands of even simple enemies because you won't even know what the hell is going on.-Needless additions to combat, such as combo-breaking upon hitting armored targets with Batarangs, or Batman pounding any enemy's face after a successful Aerial Attack, leaving him vulnerable, are, without better words, cancerous.-Skyscrapers that we used to be able to grapple onto in the previous installment, Arkham City, are now just decorations with no use outside of being there to remind you you're in a city.-The Coventry is, for some reason, infested with omnipresent and omniscient snipers that literally shred you even in midair, without giving you much of a chance to defend yourself.-The Dark Knight challenges are bugged and are needlessly frustrating. And the payoff is vomit-inducing in its laziness.-Guns are now used in every combat scenario, even when freeroaming on Normal, and for some reason, the enemies reload within milliseconds and can hit you better than Deadshot, despite the swarms of other enemies surrounding you.-The aforementioned Dark Knight challenges are required for upgrades. *FACEPALM-During Predator scenarios, enemies will sometimes randomly spin around in circles even when unprovoked, such as during the VERY BEGINNING OF A PREDATOR SCENARIO. They spot immediately you as you're trying to sneak up on them, and go guns-a-blazin' 'Murica style on your miserable♥♥♥♥♥-Did I mention the glitches? And the FPS drop? Yes? Well then expect a trillion of those for every enemy you face.Those are just of the GAMEPLAY complaints, however. The story-related elements also have downfalls.-The Joker is the big twist. Really? Joker?-Black Mask is a punching bag for every plot point.-The game contradicts Batman's supposed ""inexperience"" with the circumstances regarding his battles so much that you'll eventually run out of pejoratives to yell at the screen.-A plot hole regarding Bane is so mind-numbingly stupid that it will literally make you facepalm your brains through your skull.-A few dialougue sections are cheesy as hell.Then there's Deathstroke:-He's a reskin of Robin. The slow, sluggish Robin who makes you paranoid in combat every time.-He's glitchy (not as much as Batman, but still enough to incense you at certain points)-He seems like a chump in this game (Seriously? A ROOKIE Batman beating the man who can take on ten thousand elite ninja assassins without getting a scratch in a hand-to-hand fight single-handedly? Jesus Christ, the downplay is real.)-He's beaten way too early on, despite being hyped as the best villain in the game.-He doesn't play big role at all.Then there are the cases of direct incompetence from WB Montreal:-The Dark Knight skin is a recolour of the default skin, but yet has the same damage as the default skin-There are missing textures for character models as well as a missing cape for the Injustice skin, which is by far the BEST available skin in the game.- The Worst Nightmare skin, which would have been THE best skin, was removed from the game simply because the developers were too autistic to simply fix a programming error with it. A simple error.-How does this all tie into their incompetence directly, you ask? Well, they went on record and said TO OUR FACES that they would rather focus on DLCS than on fixing all the bugs and major glitches that plague the game.Yep, that's all I can say. But it's only all the NEGATIVE things I can say.There are actually a lot of things the game did right:-The conflict between Alfred and Bruce is actually ensible and you actuallt are able to fully sympathize with both sides.-The overall execution of the story was fluid and good.-The soundtrack was a big plus and a real gem.-The boss fights were EXHILARATING! From the insane platforming ranged combat of the explosive Firefly battle to the hair-trigger duel of Deathstroke and Batman (despite the latter being nonsense), they're all fun. You'll even get a good chuckle out of Electrocutioner (a roaring symphony of laughter if you have friends with you)-The predator encounters were much easier than in previous games, and are actually enjoyable because of it.-The new innovations to combat, such as critical counters and double special combos are greatly appreciated.-The side missions are a blast. The Most Wanted encounters are unique in their own ways and the Crime Scene Investigations are perfect with the fancy new Detective Vision feature.-Voice acting is great.-The usage of the Shock Gloves is justified and fun.-Bane is portrayed in a much better light here than in previous games.However, none of these really excuse the mistakes of the whole package.  And just to be clear, I HAVE played through a huge majority of all the game, and am at near 100% completion, with the only chores left being finishing New Game + and I Am The Night. Neither of which I look forward to. I'm not even going to touch multiplayer because of my previous experience with games simply not suited to multiplayer as well as the plethora of horror stories I have heard about it.Edit: I have played I Am the Night mode. But halfway through, an enemy with a sniper detected me somehow, even though I was about sixty feet above him. He proceeded to kill me unexpectedly. ♥♥♥♥ this game.Final Verdict: 2/10"
76561198040164824,Recommended,209000,17004176,"Posted: 11 July, 2015",all,Jacobin,"Not sure what's up with the negative reviews. Love this game. Invested hours into Asylum, and City. This feels like a solid progression. Starts out a little slow, but otherwise two thumbs up from me."
,Recommended,209000,17010870,"Posted: 12 July, 2015",all,Feufo,">> Spoiler Alert. Don’t read the following content if you don’t want to know the whole story <<Let’s start with the end: Batman Arkham Origins (AO) is a good game, but Arkham City (AC) is better.Globally, the gameplay is identical to AC: we find the same fighting skills, the same gadgets, the various ways of eliminations, the same city and its various districts, the riddles of the Riddler … Graphically, it is also very close to AC. The snow gives a very nice atmosphere, which will remind a little the movie The Dark Knight Rises.Concerning novelties, there are criminal investigations, where we attend the reconstruction of crime scenes, what is rather nice. There is also the BatCave, which is purely trivial, but which remains nice to visit, just for discuss with Alfred. The Riddler’s role was also revised, much less complicated than AC, now we are looking for datapacks and network relays: no more riddles and trophies.I really appreciated the ""Origins"" part: we play a younger, badly shaved Batman, who seems to be more violent. He's not a friend of the police forces, including Gordon. We assist his first cooperation with Barbara ""Oracle"" Gordon. Batman meets and fights for the first time his future big enemies, such as Joker or Bane. We attend even Harley Quinn's “birth"" during her interview with the Joker at Blackgate, after a small passage in the head of the Joker as Red Hood.But there are negative points. The scenario and the villains in this opus did not enjoyed me more than that. First of all, Black Mask was presented to us as being the main villain of the story. Great, a new enemy whom we have not faced in AA or AC yet. The fact is that it was just a joke of Joker. And here is once again the Joker as the main villain of the game, a role which he already occupied in the previous two Arkham games. I love this character, and what we seem of him in AO was absolutely brilliant, his madness was widely up to what we had already seen of him previously. But for once I would have wanted to see the other enemies under the spotlights. Especially because the other villains of this game are not very convincing. Bane, Deathstroke, Copperhead and Firefly are pretty good, but the rest of the villains are forgettable.In AC, almost all the big villains of the Batman universe were present, with a few exceptions (Scarecrow for example, but he is repeatedly quoted). Necessarily, it would have been difficult to make as well in AO. But I would have wished to see a little more consistency in the scenario. By playing for example more on the “origins"". Because numerous classic enemies are missing, and it would have been cool to find more easter eggs about them.I think that the problem is AO it is the lack of links in the story. Indeed, we chain the fights, and especially the side quests which are all identical. We beat up thugs either because they are escaped of Blackgate or because they are affiliated to the Riddler. We destroy objects, whether they are the boxes of weapons of Penguin, the bombs of Anarky or the drugs of Black Mask. It becomes little by little boring. In the end, there is no true vertebral column in the scenario, the campaign is pretty short, and most part of the enemies are lacking flavor. And that, even the Joker and his madness can’t compensate for this weakness.AO respects the Batman universe, it's not a bad game. But it could have been so much better."
76561197965060389,Recommended,209000,17011852,"Posted: 12 July, 2015",all,Iro,"Good story, huge map and a worthy prequel to all arkham games."
76561198160577158,Not Recommended,209000,17013934,"Posted: 12 July, 2015",all,flamedjugg,tbh i love this game but for pc its to laggy with a keyboard and mouse but if you use a controller it helps a little!!!
76561198147739798,Recommended,209000,17015001,"Posted: 12 July, 2015",all,clintsundeen21,Fun game
76561198035197903,Not Recommended,209000,17016214,"Posted: 12 July, 2015",all,fifops,THE WORST GAME EVER MADE BECAUSE OF THIS STUPID DEATHSTROKE BOSS BATTLE.CHEERS.
76561198110146617,Recommended,209000,17309411,"Posted: 30 July, 2015",all,McSwerve,I'M BATMAN! That's literally what this game feels like when you're playing it. Obtain if you like batman.
76561198054962384,Recommended,209000,17310350,"Posted: 30 July, 2015",all,Pheydra9801,"very good story, and very cool combat."
76561197998911535,Recommended,209000,17268787,"Posted: 28 July, 2015",all,nexusbhai,"This game has been panned when compared to the previous installments of the game. I don't agree completely. I though the game was good, but it did lack a sense of progression sometimes. The numerous villains one has to battle was a good part but some of the them were too easy to beat. Also, getting through the Riddler's quest was a pain as you had to wait for the game to progress to get some of the upgrades to help and even then, it didn't seem straightforward.But of course, the Batman games have always had a great combat and stealth angle to them and this one is no exception.Loved it. Recommend it."
76561198116550005,Recommended,209000,17112464,"Posted: 18 July, 2015",all,Conndrt,it may not be as good as the others but it still brings back the bat in black horrifying people by looking at them
76561198146051871,Recommended,209000,17260371,"Posted: 27 July, 2015",all,Mortal_bandicoot,Ive played all of the games in the Batman Arkham series and I love all of them. and this one being the 3rd out of the 4th released is deffintly better than its predecesers so if you have played and liked any of the others do your self a favor and purchese this game.
76561198055492719,Recommended,209000,10654292,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,infernal-dino,"Yes, yes 1000 times yes, it is amazing."
,Recommended,209000,10658244,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,matthewaz,The best yet.
76561198101132894,Recommended,209000,10667219,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,silver_lama,Just ok.
76561198078793449,Recommended,209000,10667490,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,The Dark Walrus,"I recommend this... Well because it's, Batman."
,Recommended,209000,10670431,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,MHBTD,♥♥♥♥♥♥
76561198071029467,Recommended,209000,10670741,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,Brewpounder,"After only hearing negative about this game it was too late after I bought it. I was bored and thought I would try it out.It is Batman, the combat is the same I remember from City, and it seems fun.Must be doing something wrong because everyone says this game doesn't work, the bugs are game breaking but I enjoy it and it has worked for me."
,Recommended,209000,10232306,"Posted: 25 May, 2014",all,AfricanTerror69,:0
76561198026716234,Recommended,209000,10690440,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,BadNewsBears,"Don't believe all the negative hype. I can see why folks may have been disappointed in the game when it first came out, and they had to pay full retail price. But now this game just feels like a slightly pricey DLC for Arkham City...and that's not a bad thing. Gameplay is everything you've come to expect from Arkahm, with a few enhancements that weren't in the previous games: New weapons, new bosses, new strategies. Seemless integration between challenge maps and story mode (which I thought was pretty cool). As for the bugs in the game, the glitches I've encountered thus far have been pretty minor. If you loved the previous games, you'll really enjoy this one."
,Recommended,209000,10690529,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,Black Dynamite,Do you like Batman?Did you like Asylum and/or City?If you answered yes to these questions then buy this god damn game right the ♥♥♥♥ now.I was hesitant to buy it at first because I thought it would just the same as the previous games and a AAA price to boot. How I was wrong. When you reach the first Slade flight you will feel the true power that is Batman: Arham Origins
76561198015331072,Recommended,209000,10691435,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,Golden Monkey,"Like all the Batman games before this was quite enjoyable.  If you like the previous titles you will really enjoy this one.  It's more of the same, but that's it, nothing new.Also previous titles however, Origins feels like there is less of a game.  The Enigma puzzles feel more like a treasure hunt, the boss fights are fairly easy, and the story feels much shorter then Arkam City and even Asylum.  The switch from the previous developer Rocksteady can really be felt."
76561198065535058,Recommended,209000,10579896,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,Jacobritt,Great game would reccomend it to any batman fan
,Recommended,209000,11102684,"Posted: 6 July, 2014",all,Solus Grimwelder,"I recently finished Arkham Origins after purchasing it on the Steam sale and found that despite claims of game breaking bugs in the forums, I only encountered one major bug throughout my 15 hours of play, which did not stop me from beating the game or any of the side missions. Those who enjoyed Arkham City and would like more of the excellent combat and stealth mechanics from that game will be pleased to know that they'll get plenty of that here, but also that nothing significant has been added to either gameplay type. A couple new enemy types have been added, and players can unlock shock gloves that let you beat up foes more abley, while a new gadget can create a permanent tightrope in the environment, replacing the line launcher from the previous games. Both the gloves and the remote batclaw are fun new additions but those who value story canon in their games will almost certainly wonder why Batman would ever get rid of these upgrades once he found them.Meanwhile the story is good with some surprising twists. This is NOT a Batman Origin story or an Akrham Asylum origin story though. You do get insight into the origins of some of the characters to an extent, but in most of those cases (like Joker or Gordon or Harly) they are origin stories that have been told countless times elsewhere. All told the story is fine and goes in some directions I didn't expect based on the marketing, but a lot of it feels like a retread of the recent Christopher Nolan films with many elements lifted almost directly from CW's Arrow TV show.My main issue with Arkham Origins, though, is not the lack of new mechanics or the familiarity of the story, but how uninspired the missions are. In Arkham City there were certainly collectables but most side missions featured some sort of unqiue gameplay or at least a unique setup. Here all but a couple side missions are collectables. Enigma (not yet The Riddler) has you doing your normal collectathons, although you must now first take out a tower to unlock an area of the city similar to any of Ubisoft's open world games. There is a distinct lack of creative set-pieces in the side missions, though. The Mad Hatter makes a return but his level is more frustrating and confusing than disturbing and weird like his mission in the previous game or Scarecrow's levels in Asylum. At one point in Wonderland I spent 10 minutes trying to decipher a puzzle only to somehow solve it without doing anything differently than I had been doing the rest of the time. The Mad Hatter congratulated me on solving the puzzle, except if he hadn't said anything I wouldn't have even known I had solved it.The main story missions have unique elements to them but they aren't nearly as interesting as missions in previous games. Penguin's hideout isn't guarded by a shark and you don't have to get around a freeze gun to take Penguin out at the end. Of the 8 assassins most are just standard enemies with more health. There is a reason you have likely never heard of Copperhead, Shiva, Electrocutioner or Firefly. They just aren't very interesting. And we've fought Bane, Killer Croc, and Deadshot in previous games. Deathstroke is the most interesting of the bunch but outside of that this rogue gallery pales in comparison with Batman's usual lineup who are mostly MIA in this game. Penguin and Joker are really the only two A listers on display, and Penguin has a very minor role. Black Mask, Anarky, and the others are bottom of the barrel villains who even Batman fans are likely unfamiliar with or only familiar with in passing. The whole game simply lacks the inspiration and creativity of previous entries.Arkham Origins isn't broken like many would have you believe. Your mileage will vary but from my experience, while not super polished, the game works. There are visual glitches aplenty, as well as odd camera angles and the like. But as far as my experience went the game functioned. The core Arkham mechanics are all in place as well and working just as well as in previous games. If you are just looking for more thugs to beat up and terrorize then Arkham Origins will serve you well. Even the story was surprisingly good and threw in a few unexpected twists by the end. No, in the end Arkham Origins suffers from a real lack of creative situations. The set pieces are occasionally visually impressive, but they also lack the wacky flair that makes Batman such a great comic. In a sense Origins is closer to Nolan's films in its lack of the odd, magical, and over-the-top. These villains are all largely believable people and it makes their plots feel a bit to formulaic. Without your Poison Ivey's, Two-Faces, Scarecrows, Cat-Womans, Ra's, and so on, all you have are gangsters and mercs. Those make fine videogame villains, but this is Batman, and the setting here just lacks insipiration compared to the previous entires and that leaves a game that is good, but not masterful.So for those who simply enjoy the gameplay of this series I do recommend it, but for those who want some of that patented Batman crazy, this entry is a bit lacking in that regard, with just the Joker to hold the fort."
76561198018610241,Recommended,209000,11103200,"Posted: 6 July, 2014",all,King_0f_Balloons,god i love this series cant wait for dark knight three games and they still havent disapointed me 9/10!
,Recommended,209000,11114310,"Posted: 7 July, 2014",all,Remi,8/10
76561198130484044,Recommended,209000,11119500,"Posted: 7 July, 2014",all,Shawnking2255,"What can be better than playing as Batman to defeat his greatest foes?! This game has an awesome story(although it could have been made longer), and is very action-packed! New features were added that were not in the previous games as well! I truely do recomend it!"
,Recommended,209000,10923774,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,Great Gatsby,This game is hands down amazing! One of my favorite single player games right now!
,Recommended,209000,22164787,"Posted: 31 March, 2016",all,Crossbones,The most lack and boring franchise of batman
,Not Recommended,209000,22197519,"Posted: 2 April, 2016",all,Gok2,♥♥♥♥ u
76561198035437018,Recommended,209000,22207994,"Posted: 2 April, 2016",all,Mr.E,very fun and very chalenging game!!
76561198279803741,Not Recommended,209000,22212288,"Posted: 2 April, 2016",all,Steven.sippio,"----READ THIS B4 YOU BUY--------This amazing game = IS BROKEN!-Google "" Batman Arkham origins PC ""And all the results are players begging For help...--I gave this game such an awesome review a few days ago.now I want a refund. I want my $5 back! LOL--The developers (WB Montreal) admit the game is broken and says ""sorry""What the ?!?!??!!???  STEAM, you are selling this anyways?-This is a AAA game. So how'd it slip through the cracks.---My crash is the most common crash/issue.-is crashes the whole computer and forces hard shut down.Which makes booting annoying..--it happens sometimes after 10 mins of gaming,,,And last night I went 2 hours,,but as soon as I left The Penguins barge/Deathstroke= it crashed...--also= ALL my crashes are tied to an action. New area,,I pause the game,,and ESP if I attack a object or thug...------This game WHEN WORKING is my favorite Arkham game..-because it is a Arkham City clone but expanded & enhanced..--I played AA twice & Arkham City 3 times and Arkham Knight once.-so I've no reasoning to show any favoritism etc..I. Just not a Rickstead fanboy or loyalTo any brand...--The manager at my local GameStop is a HUUUGE Batman Arkham fan,,but is a hater Of this game because it's not RockSteady & even claims thatIt was ""  too much like Arkham City."".--I said "" I thought Arkham City is/was you're favorite game ever?""ArseHat!---I have been wanting to play Arkham Origins soooooo bad since I got it...--5 days into playing it on PS3 = my Destiny edition PS4 arrived(the day destiny dropped is the day I got my ps4..And the last time I played Arkham Origins...I tried to go back to PS3 but I couldn't :(---that's why when I saw it on Steam I got excited..coincidentally it was during that Batman/superhero sale a month agoAnd I got it for $5....---I don't wanna play on PS3, but I will if I must..-actually,,I'm still hungry fling out hope for a rockSteady-Warner Bros Montreal combo Remastered edition.Ain't gonna happen. ESP the two different companies..~~But Arkham Origins has a strong enough fan base that people would buy it remastered fro PS4/Xbox1.ESP if rockSteady with they're batman Arkham games....---There's a lot of tech forums breaking down the issues & almost ALL of them have you troubleshoot you're PC.-The problem with Arkam Origins is-NOT the gamers PC or directX 11, or graphic card drivers,,or GeForce experience..= the problem is 100% the game has a major bug that would take time to fix and the game isn't being supported anymore....thIs is a post from The developers themselves..atleast the part about the bugs not being fixed cause support is discontinued,,.---skip this one guys,,,even if it's $5....the cheap version only makes it worse cause ya don't wanna fight for a refund when it's $5..."
,Recommended,209000,22213825,"Posted: 3 April, 2016",all,Auden,Simply Amazing!
,Recommended,209000,22292516,"Posted: 7 April, 2016",all,Freakizoid,"BATMAN! POW POW. Dude, all of these Batman games are worth buying. Except this one, it sort of felt flat. Buy buy it anyway, it wasn't THAT bad, it's just compared to the others."
76561198119436987,Recommended,209000,22292576,"Posted: 7 April, 2016",all,JewishAryan,"Decent game for the price, medium length story with great graphics and variety"
76561198134517623,Recommended,209000,22236292,"Posted: 4 April, 2016",all,︻デ═一 Rambo,great game. for my opinion on of the best combat systems i ever played .
,Not Recommended,209000,22279118,"Posted: 6 April, 2016",all,Biggles,"Just please, one game where Joker isn't the main villain."
,Recommended,209000,22260666,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,Kiwi,"""Same Arkham gameplay you expect and a gritty prologue to the franchise""If you've played Arkham Asylum or Arkham City before this game, then you already know what kind of game you're getting into. This follows closely to Arkham City, with a big open world, emphasis on introducing a good collection of classic villains and intuitive gameplay to a degree.Arkham Origins shows laziness in design, compared to other Arkham games, which can break the immersion. Randomly poor textures in some areas, super glitchy physics and half dodgy cutscenes break the experience. Although this game is riddled with glitches, most hilarious, this is still not a bad game. It is still so much fun beating up gangs of thugs over and over again using multiple combos and gadgets. The combat system is arguably what defines the Arkham series, and so does the predator stealth gameplay, which is very apparent in this game still. There is a lot of gadgets to unlock and use to your advantage in combat and during stealth, which each work in different ways. For instance, my tactic to sneaking up on enemies was mainly to stalk them, throw a glue grenade at them (to freeze them in their tracks) then take them out quickly. Approaching enemies can be some differently almost every time, which is what makes this game fun and interesting.The story is somewhat straightforward, but often decides to lose focus on the main plot and tries to pay attention to some other plot it wanted to tell, but had to squeze in to the plot. Initially, it is about the Joker, duh. Batman is new to Gotham, no one trusts him and Alfred wants to have Christmas dinner with Bruce. Yeah, this is also supposed to tell the introduction to the Joker, but is done somewhat poorly. Basically,Batman has a huge bounty on his head and a number of assassins now want batman's head for the money. They include some iconoc Batman villains. In the midst of this, Black Mask led a breakout at Black gate Prison, but there is a new murderer about in Gotham who proves to be more of a threat; The Joker. For some reason, the Joker's voice actor sounds weird. He sometimes turns British, and finds it hard to keep sounding like the Joker from other Arkham games, probably because of the change in voice actors. The story is ok, but is quite short and consists mainly of 3 things. 1. Batman being angry at everything 2. Alfred pestering Bruce to ahve Christmas dinner with him 3. The Joker having a crush on Batman, pushing the other villains aside. It's hit ad miss and kinda boring, but with some cool boss fights and fun levels.Not to mention, this game doesn't expect you to be good at games. This game is very easy. Constant control hints and frequent cutscenes make the story feel driven for you a lot of the time, with you only really having full control in the open world and in predator sections. Even side missions hold your hand. The awesome looking detective mode had so much potential to make the player puzzle together a crime scene, but is incredibly linear and boring. Some side missions are really interesting and worth doing. Hunting down Deadshot is really cool and ends with a super good predator section that ahs you dealing with him looking through reflections that you have to monitor so he doesnt spot you. The Mad Hatter sends you into a mad dream inspired by landcapes and scenarios from Alice In Wonderland. Then, the Riddler keeps you hunting down his many collectibles and solving puzzles while he taunts you and fails to prove how clever he thinks he is. While gameplay is straight forward, it is still on the same level as every other Arkham game, and is stall damn fun to play, despite the multple set backs.There's multiplayer, but I haven't bothered with that. No one is ever online to play it with. In the end, this is a good game. It has flaws, and is mainly showing off it's great graphics, but is still a fun Batman game to play. Gotham is interesting to explore, the standard Arkham gameplay is still there and works and there is plenty to do. This is not a bad game, but it is not a great game. This is essentially Arkham City, just in Gotham and with an angrier Batman.KIWI’S VIDEO GAME RESULT:TRAINWRECKHAS SOMETHING, BUT IT’S NOT SPECIALGET WHEN CHEAP<------------THIS IS AWESOMEBLOODY AMAZING"
76561198068815413,Recommended,209000,22494238,"Posted: 18 April, 2016",all,Sin Stalker,All the Arkham games are awesome. Some more than others. This one lacks Kevin Conroy. That pulls me out of the game and there are frame rate and lag issues on the PC but its not too bad.
76561198078607926,Recommended,209000,22494509,"Posted: 18 April, 2016",all,Regional Manager Rick,"In short this game is not as good as Arkham City or Arkham Asylum, however it's still a good game. There is a pretty much game breaking item obtained around the middle of the main story and makes further enemies unbelievably easy. this game is technically sufficient unlike other games in the series (Arkham Knight), and I recommend getting this game on sale. I (like many others) did not invest much in this game so I was pleasantly surprised at the quality of the end result. Play the first two games in the Arkham series if you haven't before, then play this game if you are curious. You do not need to play this game to understand the games after Arkham City."
76561198083370245,Recommended,209000,22001669,"Posted: 23 March, 2016",all,Yugi Muto,The game is nice . but i dont know why i cant play the online game. Keep crashing
,Recommended,209000,22330121,"Posted: 9 April, 2016",all,The Ape Proletariat,pretty swood
,Recommended,209000,22332825,"Posted: 9 April, 2016",all,N3L,It's fun
76561198227955188,Recommended,209000,22307395,"Posted: 8 April, 2016",all,havoksummers12,"to skip to just the Origins review, scroll down and its IN CAPS... I recommend reading the entire review to Arkham Series fans... Thanks in advance, and I hope I helped your decisions..Before I give an educated review on this installment of the Arkham Series, I will give a quick rundown on my experience. I am a huge Batman fan, even have the Gotham skyline with the Batlight in the sky, Batman, and Batgirl ""Barbara"" Tattooed on my entire left arm. Now, with the series I started off with Arkham Asylum ""pre-order"" and played it non stop from day one no sleep until I completed the entire game, that 1st time was amazing. Next after waiting forever to get my pre-order of ""Arkham City"" I started it, played it a few hours a day, and then tapered off less and less and eventually beat in over time, it was new, but it was still more of the same.. Next I skipped Arkham Origin's Release, paying no attention to the game, as I was misstakenly informed that it was like a very small, unexciting, short prequel with nothing to offer and was sub-par to the series thus far. I waited all the way until just this year when ""Arkham Knight"" was fixed and released on PC, which beware all DLCs work, besides the Red Hood Storyline Mission, it will not load, and somehow completes itself to %100 and wont let you ever reset that or ever even play it.. Other than that, Arkham Knight blew me away, the addition of the Batmobile alone is just a dynamic that was executed to perfection in every way. Also the evolution of gameplay from gadgets to combat, from stealth to travelling via Glide around the much larger, more defined Gotham City in a somewhat more natural state, not locked down, or limited, etc.  I just this past week finish %240 completion, its no joke sometimes in Nightmare mode in new Game Plus, but I got it done, and now have the Divine Prestige Batsuit, which is the most updated Arkham version, with a solid GOLD bat, and trim. Now I have just finished the best of all, top of the line, but I have to get ""Arkham Origins"" and play it still, how do I pay for a game and expect to be able to enjoy it if it is this tiny project, with nothing special like I was Missinformed of... Well I took the gamble, and here without furth adue is""MY REVIEW OF Batman Arkham Origins, including Season Pass DLC""  Let me first indicate, that the bad ifno i was told in the past that Origins was less of a game than anything before it, couldnt be more untrue, this is actually where some, ""most"" of the new Evolved parts of Arkham Knight entered the series. to mention just one important one, The traveling, being able to not ony grapnel like previous gmes, this game allows you to just like Arkham Knight, Grapnel Boost, which kicks in hardcore and at highspeed the first time you use it, you are more at home if you played Arkham Knight first like me.. Now other things include, the upgrades system and all that it contains, also the FreeFlow Focus Combat really gets moving in this game, the DLCs are amazing, the skins unmatchable, and to put it plain and simple ""Batman Arkham Origins"" is a prequel, the first story, however it is much more evolved than Asylum or City, as it was made next in line, and the Montreal team had their hands on this one and really made many improvements to the already awesome Arkham experience. If you want to play a Batman Game that is still relevant and havent played this one, its your next best move... If you have always wanted to be able to go to the Batcave and use The Batcomputer, Access the Batsuit""s"" that rise from a hidden panel in the floor in a chamber.. Have a fresh storyline, but still gameplay that is closest to the NOW Evolved Arkham level of gameplay, this game does it..  I love it, I really missed out when it was released, but I couldnt be more happy than to pay it now, after Arkham Knight, playing either Asylum or City is difficult, because they are missing soooo many pieces of what is now my Arkham experience, they are too slow, not fun, already seen this done this, not gonna do it again without my new kickass tools... But Arkham Origins is just evolved enough to play like Arkham Knight more than the other two...  Get this game if you dont have it, and if you heard anything bad like I did in the past, you were sadly missinformed, this is a must play for any Batman fan, Arkham Series fan. Or action gamer.... I pray to the gaming gods that an Arkham Collection game is released, which would play like New Game Plus after Akrham Knight's completion with all the tools, batmobile, etc etc.. but allow you to play thru from Origins, to Knightfall all with this Evolved gameplay and include all the skins of course... Will it happen, dont bet on it....  But hey gotta have dreams right?"
,Recommended,209000,22390848,"Posted: 13 April, 2016",all,executeu,"Loved the Game, great graphics and the story is awesome, similar to assassins creed concept of map and missions.However i would like to mention one downside - not sure if its on my pc or general a bug in the game, 1-2 missions that i had encountered had bugs, no worries though the whole story mode is perfect, all im saying if you are a gamer that wants all achievements completed and missions then you might encounter a problem on that - unless they fixed it !So Highly recommended indeed -"
76561198171484249,Recommended,209000,22562675,"Posted: 21 April, 2016",all,DrKchetes,Be.The.Batman......From the start. 10/10
76561198003304290,Recommended,209000,21581760,"Posted: 2 March, 2016",all,Cryarc,"Seriously underrated game.This for me is the best of the series, it has a very tight story that sucks you in, i love the time of the game, when Batman is just starting out and no one beleives he exists. It has great visuals, it does not swamp you in villain cameos it has just the right amount and its soundtrack is incredible.It also made the joker terrafying, honestly this joker is up there with Ledger.9/10 (Must Buy you will not regret)"
,Not Recommended,209000,21606812,"Posted: 3 March, 2016",all,♡TheOjabun♡,The PC port for this game is pretty bad. I'd get it for a console insted.
,Not Recommended,209000,17771859,"Posted: 29 August, 2015",all,Juni,"It's still better than Arkham Knight, at least."
,Recommended,209000,17507318,"Posted: 12 August, 2015",all,GazzD,"Is a great Batman Game,Good:+Good Story, keeps you interested the whole game+Deathstroke's boss fight+The gameplay is as solid as Batman Arkham City, if you liked the gameplay from that game you will like this one+Looks pretty good+60 FPS if your computer can handle it+Exelent challenge if playing on hard modeBad:-Is a litttle buggy, I encountered some glitches and a 2 hard crashes-Bane's bossfight-Some FPS drops when going through a diferent area-It has little new content (gameplay wise) compared to its predecessor-F*ck You Bane!!!-It might get a little repetitive so play it on short gaming sessionsoverall it was a good experience... to get you ready for Arkham Knight..."
76561198093873572,Recommended,209000,17509982,"Posted: 12 August, 2015",all,Nightmare,GET IT!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Thee best game i have ever played it easily makes the top 5: 1st Batman Arkham Origins 2nd King Kong (Xbox original) 3rd Shelter 2 4th Cube World 5th Minecraft (Minecraft is number five just because its not an actual story game it keeps going this is just about story games but I had to put it on there beacause so many people would get♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥. Anyway AWESOME GAME SO WORTH $20 DOLLARS IN MY OPINION ITS LIKE A $100 DOLLAR GAME ITS SO GOOD (dont put it as $100 dollars in the future).
76561198215685593,Recommended,209000,17866158,"Posted: 3 September, 2015",all,yuvalf156,Amazing game!!!!!
,Recommended,209000,17923584,"Posted: 6 September, 2015",all,Kieron Baskerville,Pretty good!
76561198233034080,Recommended,209000,17909084,"Posted: 6 September, 2015",all,Fritzsche,Great game however the boss battles could be improved.
76561198061200283,Recommended,209000,17899874,"Posted: 5 September, 2015",all,cage8,"While this game may not be QUITE as good - all things considered - as its predecessor, Arkham City, it's still really, really, REALLY good!What this game actually does a little BETTER than the previous two games is the boss battles. They're superb in all of the Arkham games, but in Origins they're just a liiiittle bit better.If you like Batman and you like computer games, then you should get this game - you won't regret it!"
76561198087097078,Recommended,209000,9746517,"Posted: 6 April, 2014",all,zeddemore83,"More of the same. But that's not a bad thing at all!Continues the great gameplay of its predecessors. The graphics are tuned up quite a bit (which is awesome), but somehow the controls are just slightly (very slightly) sloppier (but still very playable). So especially if it's been a while since you've played Arkham City, pick this one up and you'll have a good time.The in-story challenge system works pretty well, except the ""Worst Nightmare"" progession tree actually works against the flow of the game; if you pursue it, you'll be forced to play in a way that hamstrings both skill and fun. I just avoided it.Otherwise everything else is pretty slick."
,Not Recommended,209000,17914866,"Posted: 6 September, 2015",all,wgren,"A step down from the first two games to be honest. Plot is a meandering - ""criminal x escapes, Batman beats him to a pulp, gets a radio call that crimial y has escaped, beats him to a pulp, but OH NO X ESCAPED AGAIN!"" that just keeps going over and over until it suddenly stops, with an unlikely ""and so Batman solved things, the end"". Environments as beautiful as always, but feels less dense with secrets than Batman City, and the beating up thugs routine is getting repetetive, even with the two new foes introduced here, the ninja and the improbably huge juggernaut.It also had seveal game breaking bugs. Most of those have been fixed, but there are still bugs in the fights, Batman punching air, some of the thugs suddenly freezing and not attacking."
76561198065103883,Not Recommended,209000,17932643,"Posted: 7 September, 2015",all,Darkore,"3 Minutes in you will reach your first boss Croc. This is an overtuned boss with button mashing mechanics. The AI is terrible. One mistake pretty much = game over. The problem with that is that the combat is terrible. If you enjoy a button mashing game that is overtuned then this is the game for you. Overtuned boss fights is lazy development. Difficulty does not equal fun. Too many times i died from unavoidable AI combat - meaning fate and RNG killed me, not lack of skill. In fact even if you execute perfectly, there is a chance you will die from terrible Ai combat mechanics. Honestly, im tired of games like this where game designers create difficulty rather than engaging mechanics. Lazy, just pure lazy."
,Recommended,209000,17961437,"Posted: 9 September, 2015",all,Binary Daoist,Only buy this game on sale.My best summarization is that it is an Arkham fanfiction game.
,Recommended,209000,17959003,"Posted: 9 September, 2015",all,swift,"Batman was my childhood hero, and it was cheap at that time."
76561198109081071,Recommended,209000,18026771,"Posted: 13 September, 2015",all,Dr.Flaccid M.D,"One of the most under-rated games in recent memory. This game has one of, if not the best story of all the Arkham games. This is without a doubt my second favorite game of the series with Arkham City right above it. If you are thinking about perchasing this game, do not hesitate, just do it."
,Recommended,209000,18052226,"Posted: 15 September, 2015",all,GORDON COLE,"Not bad, but you could skip it if you aren't sure if you want it or not. I'd recommend playing this after the three other Rocksteady games as it is the least fun to play through."
76561198089720057,Recommended,209000,18052461,"Posted: 15 September, 2015",all,Dr. Dirt,This game reminds me of that kids parents I shot in an alley... Good times
,Recommended,209000,18052471,"Posted: 15 September, 2015",all,The Enquirer,"It's very similar to Arkham City. The pros include better boss fights due to more of a unique feeling, the downside is that the game definitely seems shorter and there's some noticeable bugs, particularly with the almost essential ground takedown attack in that it doesn't execute at times.Even still, it's a fun game if you pick it up on sale."
76561198128955693,Recommended,209000,18257639,"Posted: 29 September, 2015",all,Your Son,I Beat this game great gameplay and the part that this was the first batman game i got so that i could go from order least to greatest i know have batman arkham asluym so thats that i say this once more SUPER AWESOME GAMEPLAY BUY IT!!!!
,Not Recommended,209000,18270301,"Posted: 30 September, 2015",all,Deaths Familiar,"Made it to Slade the first boss and hes also the hardest to beat, get frustrating tryed 2 days in a row to beat him still can't."
76561198068846791,Not Recommended,209000,18297926,"Posted: 2 October, 2015",all,TSE JoE,"I was hoping for a game like Arkham city. Instead, I was greeted with lackluster combat and poor level design. It's too bad really."
76561198208962873,Recommended,209000,18282571,"Posted: 1 October, 2015",all,ZBOMB,it is super fun
,Recommended,209000,18475104,"Posted: 14 October, 2015",all,† Thrash †,Awesome graphics and story you should buy this game worth it
,Recommended,209000,18489128,"Posted: 15 October, 2015",all,Ares fakka strijder,"ies cuul,play it."
,Not Recommended,209000,18493317,"Posted: 15 October, 2015",all,SirSyntax,Meh. I still haven't finished this. I think I got as far as the Deathstroke fight and just slowly lost interest.
76561197976369046,Not Recommended,209000,18343412,"Posted: 5 October, 2015",all,[TH]-Vegeta,"The story in the game is epic, of course its batmans story,the cut scenes and link into gameplay from them is nice,the issue is this game is bugged to♥♥♥♥♥♥.. how the hell does a series get worse,it sums up people, companies, and the need to rush out poorly coded games for insta coin,its a cash cow and would of made a tonne regardless of release dates, so why release it bugged to crap?Glide issues, Flying issues, building no clipping, mob no clipping, weapon issues,Story wise and graphics are good for the game, but yeah the amount of times bugs would ruin the feels, and it being 3rd in a series where Asylum was amazing, City was ok this was buggy\short, i am about to play Knight once its ready, hopefully its not aids ^^"
,Recommended,209000,18352487,"Posted: 6 October, 2015",all,Galahad,I cannot play Initiation even though I got Vigilante Bruce Wayne and the other skin..And now I am depressed because I cannot reach Worst Nightmare and obtain the jet black suit... demmm at least let me play initiation
,Recommended,209000,10940305,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,Dweller,Just as good as the others!Pro's:- Much more impressive visuals- Combat is still satisfying- Interesting to see a younger Batman- Boss battles are coolCons:- Game world feels a little empty- Multiplayer is awful- Nothing innovative
76561198159073740,Not Recommended,209000,18397463,"Posted: 9 October, 2015",all,arpatzner,"Overall, the game is fantastic and the other features are more than good.But when I wanted to play Batman Arkham orgins the game kept freezing.I tried to delete it and reinstall it. It didn't workThen I tried turning off my firewall. It didn't workLater I tried all the things I could do.  And the game still does not work.Please inform me if you have a solution to this problem."
76561198149170301,Recommended,209000,18407491,"Posted: 10 October, 2015",all,eesge,bagus
,Not Recommended,209000,18429525,"Posted: 11 October, 2015",all,burt burgle,Should have just been DLC for City. Wait for a sale.
,Recommended,209000,18389656,"Posted: 8 October, 2015",all,Mcl_Blue,"Honestly, I don't see why people hate this game so much. Bugs aside, it was an awesome game, and makes me think the future of the Arkham series - after Rocksteady passes the torch - is in good hands with WB Montreal, if they keep this up."
76561198035305303,Recommended,209000,10968048,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,DarkMeat,Best story of the 3 games so far. Gameplay doesnt feel as polished as the other two.
,Recommended,209000,30562201,Posted: 16 March,all,Forsaken Creed,"I liked it....""badge unlocked"""
,Recommended,209000,18322972,"Posted: 4 October, 2015",all,XCUTION,good game but it is abit buggy i fell through a wall twice playing it and game had crashed a few times dno if that was my gpu or the game.
76561198062401448,Recommended,209000,18354796,"Posted: 6 October, 2015",all,QuanLala,THIS GAME IS AWESOME!
,Recommended,209000,18317191,"Posted: 3 October, 2015",all,Private Joker,Its a Great Game But With Bad Glitches But Still a Good Game
76561198148460203,Not Recommended,209000,18311486,"Posted: 3 October, 2015",all,cjnd,"Not very good, don't bother"
,Recommended,209000,18118145,"Posted: 20 September, 2015",all,Aethius,Great game! My favourite is still Arkham City but this game gets close enough.
76561198082651809,Recommended,209000,7496249,"Posted: 27 October, 2013",all,mjolnir79,"This game may not be the game you want.It,s the game you deserve.It,s BatmanBAAAATMAAAAN!"
,Recommended,209000,18153192,"Posted: 22 September, 2015",all,Dabombgamer,This is a arkham game. its more off the same but as the saying goes if its not broke dont fix it. I dont see what is wrong with the online. the bossfights were alright at best but still its worth a buy. the dlc its bad tho exept for cold cold heart
76561198015824481,Not Recommended,209000,18153414,"Posted: 22 September, 2015",all,Absynce,"too many bugs combat system is trash especially ground takedown never works, it feels like a beta. its no wonder the new game crashed and had to be pulled from market, the story is alright but its basically a repetitive assasins creed 1.0 all over again. not really fun. worth the $5 deal I got it on but barely. I give up on WB studios"
,Recommended,209000,22558204,"Posted: 21 April, 2016",all,behnn,A fantastic game. Huge open world enviroment with a plethera of side tasks to do. The main story is amazing and complex and the boss fights are great. Theres also a great feel when fighting enemies it's very smooth and enjoyable. My pesonal favorite in the Batman: Arkham series
76561198038918043,Recommended,209000,22559581,"Posted: 21 April, 2016",all,Pςy Hαdεs,"If you like to play as a detective and stealth mod, this is the best game for ya with incredible graphics and syc!! :)"
76561198112884380,Recommended,209000,8956835,"Posted: 2 February, 2014",all,I am Groot!,Great addition to gameplay. But storyline is mediocre compared to the other Arkham games. There's a few noteworthy scenes in the plot though. best bossfight was Deathstroke Bane was boring. Multiplayer did not allow us to choose sides which was unappealing. Overall good gameplay but lacking in the plot department
76561198086007743,Recommended,209000,30691637,Posted: 23 March,all,DbZelda,"Probably the worst and most boring of the Arkham Games, but it was still pretty fun."
76561198041387892,Recommended,209000,7658974,"Posted: 14 November, 2013",all,Swaaagdragon,Game is so schwayy
,Recommended,209000,21067787,"Posted: 8 February, 2016",all,Daft the Hentai,Not as bad as everyone claims it to be.It has good boss battles and new combat features.Its still better than Knight in my opinion7/10
,Recommended,209000,21096729,"Posted: 10 February, 2016",all,✪ notorious,"Started with Origins, going to move on to Asylum and then City for the Story. This whole series seems so captivating."
76561197999368324,Recommended,209000,21108107,"Posted: 10 February, 2016",all,DukeTuker,All around good game. If you liked Asylum and City you will like Origins.
,Recommended,209000,21111350,"Posted: 10 February, 2016",all,phfaustini,"Pros:Great combatGreat graphicsCons:Plot. Don't get me wrong, the story IS good... but I don't understand why the name is 'origins' if it doesn't show the origins of anything.Open world. This game would be better if it was linear."
,Recommended,209000,21089327,"Posted: 9 February, 2016",all,Origamimaster81,"The end of the main story was very abrupt. It was really short compared to the other arkham games. kind of disappointing but still an awesome game. Origins was just kind of... ""filler"" DEFINITELY BUY ARKHAM CITY INSTEAD."
76561198111664941,Recommended,209000,21098635,"Posted: 10 February, 2016",all,taxicabaldwin,"I had reviewed this game earlier, but deleted that review because, looking back at it, it seemed more like a ""gripe session"" as opposed to an actual, honest review. So, here we go again.Which is actually a good place to start. Arkham Origins is the third game in the ""Arkham"" series, and has the distinction of being the only one NOT developed by Rocksteady. Rather, this game was developed by Warner Montreal, and that seems to be both a blessing and a curse.It's a blessing because they're more willing to try new things, such as adding new gadgets or introducing new villains. Some of these ideas work and some don't, but it's refreshing to deal with something/someone we haven't seen before, rather than trying to find a new spin for a gadget/character we've already seen twice before.They've also ""loosened"" the combat system, allowing potential combos into the triple digit ranges.The curse to come through in different ways, seemingly from a lack of understanding of either what made Arkham Asylum and Arkham City great, or through a seeming lack of knowledge regarding the source material itself. Here's an example: In Origins, you obtain a new gadget, the Remote Claw, where you aim, and hit the target, whereupon the claw  launches half of itself to a second target. You also encounter a new villain, the sinuously evil Copperhead. Both good, because it shows WB Montreal is trying to put their own mark on the series, but also disappointing, because the majority of the game, the remote claw serves the EXACT same function as the Line Launcher from the previous two games. Copperhead meanwhile, serves much the same function of poisoning Batman with a hallucinogenic venom, a la the absent Scarecrow's fear toxin. It would have made for a better mark, in my opinion, if the developers had focused instead on the flexibility of Copperhead, and required you to use the Remote Claw to lash her to the surroundings through multiple successful launche/hits.The unfamiliarity that WB Montreal had with the source material, in this case both the comics AND the previous two games, manifested in other ways during the story. Arkham Origins is a story that itself replaces the absent Two-Face: It tries to tell a prequel to Arkham Asylum and explain what happened at Blackgate Prison that led to the inmates being sent to Arkham proper, but it also tries to tell an origin story of Batman encountering his enemies (Most notably the Joker) for the first time, and the two stories don't mesh well.If it's an origin story for Batman, why does he have ALL of the same equipment that he uses in both Arkham Asylum and Arkham City. Surely he would have upgraded SOME of his equipment (incorporating his Cryptographic Sequencer into the armor, instead of a separate gadget, comes to mind).If ir's simply an origin story for the Arkham series, why introduce the majority of the villains as though Batman has never encountered them before, such as the aforementioned Joker. For much of the game, he's an unknown villain. Again, the ""split-decision"" doesn't really work.Overall, I found Arkham Origins to be fairly satisfying, with the exceptions as noted above, but I DID encounter a MAJOR, MAJOR drawback. I don't know if I was experiencing a hardware glitch, or if it was a programming problem, but I frequently had active enemies just disappear from my screen (Killer Croc, in one play through), and had numerous ""freeze-frames"" while gliding from one section of town to another. These would last a minute or so on average, and were extremely frustrating. Consider yourself warned."
76561198120653463,Recommended,209000,21097492,"Posted: 10 February, 2016",all,Hound of Tindalos,I adored this game. Though it lacked some of the Gothic atmosphere and sheer number of easter eggs paying homage to the comics that the other arkham games had it managed to entertain me and satisfy me with its story. Out of all the arkham games(including arkham knight) this one had the most challenging and varied combat. Its stealth wasn't as difficult as the other games but it wasn't bad. I am the knight mode was an excellent addition and like the rest of the arkham series it doesn't dissapoint with its replay value.Not many glitches or game breaking things I have no complaints really. The shock gloves were however kind of OP.
,Recommended,209000,21090092,"Posted: 9 February, 2016",all,ZantGanondorf,"I experience like no glitches so I wonder if the glitches differ from what system you use. [I played it on Windows 7, 64-bit] If I could I would do a review on the other games like Asylum and City on here but I played them on Ps3, I would give them a 10/10.I really liked Batman Arkham Origins. It took me 16+ hours to beat. I only experienced 2 glitch. One of them happened when near the end of the game when your in the prison block, when fighting the 20+ guys the giant brute got stuck when trying to get out of his cell the cell door close on him because the guys were blocking it and he fused in with the door. [This  happened to me in other Batman games also. The other glitch is when I defeated Bane the 2nd time before the TN1 venom was I defeated him and died at the same time so the cutscene audio played. One common ""glitch"" [more so a collision/speed error thing] is sometimes when you slam a guy into the ground he'll fly into the sky and sometimes never come back down or he'll fly up a staircase and back down.I would rate this 9.5/10 A good game, I reccomend this for any Batman fan even though its not canon. [Well thats what some people say]Some of these are more so my opinion then actual pros or cons.Cons:- Not as of a good story compared to the others [in my opinion]- Bane TN1 spining after slamming him into a wall some times [doesn't last long, but kind of annoying when it goes past the 10 min mark of the time you have to take him down]-Not a big fan of Joker's voice actor [Opinion]-Could of explained the change of Joker between Origins and Arkham Asylum [Opinion]-30+ minutes of non skipable credits at the end [I think it was a glitch that it didn't let me skip it] -ignore the credits after all the talking about 9 minutes in of the credits, nothing interesting after intill after creditsPros:-Cool gadgets-Good use of the variety of gadgets per ""level""-Good connection at the end of what happens to Joker and Arkham Asylum-Good Graphics-Cool that you have the threat of the Police and Thugs-Gliding isn't as smooth as Arkham City even though the engine is almost a carbon copy of it. I like the new mechanic with the grappler."
76561197988622597,Recommended,209000,7504278,"Posted: 28 October, 2013",all,Mister Happyman,Cool game guys
76561198146829693,Not Recommended,209000,20922604,"Posted: 2 February, 2016",all,Captain Jack[ToolBox],"Not as good as I hoped and it has all the same moves as B:GC, except you have to start all over. The side missions are pretty cool but need a lot of skill and a little bit of luck. I like playing as Deathstroke though but they just changed the skin from Robin with the pole to Deathstroke. Nothing really original and the B:GC is better."
,Recommended,209000,19355487,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,Yoshi The Green,"The game doesn't suck per se, but my God, can't even load up into the loading screen. Wasn't an issue at first, but when it did become an issue I verified the game (still rarely loaded up), tried reinstalling (still rarely loaded up). Don't know what to do. Got a GTX 980 Ti among various other high end parts and such is the result. Of course your miles may vary, so pick it up when it is really cheap just in case you run into the same issue as I.Was it fun when I played it? Meh. When in comparison to the other 3 in terms of fun factor for me it is: Arkham: City, Asylum, Knight and then OriginsUPDATEFinally got the game to work. Finally finished the game and I would rate this game on par with Knight if not a bit higher as this game doesn't have extremely boring batmobile missions."
76561198066708461,Recommended,209000,20959923,"Posted: 4 February, 2016",all,Zblade,"This game is a great prequel to the series but its not as refined as the others.Cons: Joker's story is good but i was expecting something different. Combat feels the same but I feel as though the shock gloves ruin because it makes you feel powerful but eliminate all challenge and while the deathstroke fight was cool it didn't really feel like a fight it just felt like counter game. While some bosses are great some are just lazy like killer croc he was taken out no problem.Pros: Atmosphere is great and it makes you feel like batman in his prime and shows all the hardships he went through to get to where he is now. The deadshot boss fight was really good because you couldn't jsut run in and do what you want, no you had plan out everything. Bane was great because on one end it felt like arkham asylum but on the other end it showed he was more than just muscle.8/10 I recomend starting with this game first because it shows who batman is and what he fights for."
76561198095329664,Recommended,209000,10211111,"Posted: 23 May, 2014",all,The_Casual_Gamer,"There is a difference between 'a good game' and 'an entertaining game.' Batman Arkham Origins is a very entertaining game that had me gliding around Gotham for hours of fun. But Arkham Origins isn't necessarily a good game. Although it is very hard to back up the dynamic duo of greatest superhero games every made. (Asylum&City and yes pun intended) I would recommend Origins to people who have played both previous games before and just in general like the franchise. (Like myself) If you are new to playing the Batman Arkham games, just go get Batman: Arkham Asylum instead.....You'll thank me for it. However, in my opinion the voice acting was clearly the best part of the game with Troy Baker's outstanding performence of the Joker. The combat was the same as in Arkham City and the Riddler collectibles weren't nearly as taxing as the Riddler Trophies in Asylum and City. The boss fights in Origins where some of the best and worst times in the game. Since you don't really battle Killer Croc in Arkham Asylum and just merely avoid him, I was looking forward to an awesome Killer Croc battle when I heard he was in Arkham Origins. What I got was jump out of the way and throw a Batterang at him and occaisonally a few quick time events.....LAME.....One of the only boss' I even enjoyed fighting was Death Stroke. Death Stroke is the best boss battle in the game because it really shows how Batman and Death Stroke match each other in combat. Even though there where many quick time events, I was ok with that because the animation was stellar. I also liked the Dead Shot boss battle aswell. Keep in mind, none of the boss battles in the game were bad, they just weren't great. Compare it to Arkham City which has the best boss battles in the franchise. Arkham Origins was in the middle for me.....it wasn't bad...but it wasn't great either."
76561198129686548,Recommended,209000,20957786,"Posted: 4 February, 2016",all,Trojan2021,Love this game and it doesn't take that much to run it at 60 fps with a couple of settings turned up.
76561198169760338,Recommended,209000,20941171,"Posted: 3 February, 2016",all,danielonstreamz,"Good game, interesting gameplay, different difficultys and sweet boss fights."
76561198242887354,Recommended,209000,18105700,"Posted: 19 September, 2015",all,smoshkelvin,The best game ever in my opinion
,Not Recommended,209000,18105985,"Posted: 19 September, 2015",all,lagmeister,"Good game, but after 3 hours into game it crashed in loading screen and lost all progress made. Sadly I hate to play it all back. Won't be buying another game from them after that."
76561198109886422,Recommended,209000,18109307,"Posted: 19 September, 2015",all,PolarTitan,"Arkham Origins received a lot of hate from game reviews and designers, but in all honesty this game is great. Especially being a comic enthusiast, Arkham Origins brought a lot to the table. And out of ALL the Arkham Games, Arkham Origins had the best and longest DLC that went back to the batman TV show which I loved as a kid. Arkham Origins may not have a LOT of new mechanics like its predecessors, but the game and story was perfect and very imaginative tale to the beginning of the arkham franchise."
76561198160852825,Not Recommended,209000,18110079,"Posted: 19 September, 2015",all,KillerPotat099,"I haven't played very long, but there are a few things I already hate about the game. Batman can no longer strike fear into his enemies. He kinda just goes up to them and beats the crap out of them. Might as well be called Call of Duty: Batman. I played the old Batman Begins game, awesome. You could actually silently take out thugs. In this, you can try but all you really do is♥♥♥♥♥♥them off and they say ""Hey look its Batman."" then start shooting you... hooray. They took the best part of batman and threw it away. I'm about to get off this pos that I just waited 13 hrs to download for and hook up the freakin gamecube."
76561197977895317,Recommended,209000,18110307,"Posted: 19 September, 2015",all,NightShadow,"Amazing game... not as good as the other Arkham games, but a welcome addition none the less. WB Montreal did a decent job in place of standing in for Rocksteady"
76561198088493768,Not Recommended,209000,12483144,"Posted: 13 October, 2014",all,Jibpsy,"I thought I would enjoy this game, and I did for a while, but the combat controls are beyond atrocious. I can't stand playing games where the controls may or may not work. I can try to drop a smoke pellet and end up using my grapple even though I am holding and pressing the right buttons. Sometimes when I press the button to counter nothing happens and I get hit. Like Batman doesn't even try to do anything. And sometime even though I successfully used my cape to stun, the enemies aren't fazed at all and hit me right after. Like wow. One moment I can easily take out like 10 guys, and then I come across 3 and the take me out because the controls just wont work. And say goodbye for stealth and tactics. I can't stand not having control while playing. For me this is game breaking and makes it unplayable.Pros-Graphics a good-Story is good-Dialogue is goodCons-though the 'open world' is bigger, it does tend to get boring and repetitive much like Arkham Asylum and Arkham City, just longer and more drawn out.-Controls seemed okay for a while but degraded about halfway through to the point I don't think I will ever bother finishing this game ever. Completely ruined the game for me. What is the point of upgrades when they don't work because you have no control over your character in the first place? Sure ruins tactical game play.I didn't like Arkham City on the Xbox 360 either for the same control issues but managed to finish the main story and most of the side missions. This game is somehow even worse and I think I am done with Batman. Wish I never played any of the Arkham games. totally unsatisfying.Update: I have managed to almost finish this game. The story is okay and entertaining but there are many flaws and it doesnt quite add up with the previous games stories. Again I can't stress enough how horrible the combat is. I have taken out about 20 guys with out getting hit and then 4 low level guys take me out because frequently control is taken from me and I can't move, or can't counter. There are so many times there are propmts on screen to press a button or combination and I do and nothing happens. Or batman wont do take downs or snap to cover event hough it says ""press what ever button"". This ruins stealth. Also batman will ruin a combo by swinging at nothing even though I am aiming at them and press the button to strike. He also wont always dodge. I have played some bad games but this is unacceptable to me from such a large title game. I wish I never ever heard of an Arkham game. What is the point of a game you can't control your character, especially during combat which is a large portion of the game play? WB should stick to movies.Update 2: I did finish the story... and it was just, okay. I still think this game and the whole series is over rated. Not impressed. Gameplay is so bad it is shameful. The DLC sucks too. I don't think it is worth the money or the hype."
76561198139247084,Recommended,209000,16535564,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,Robin Hood,"Its OK. Its has a decent combat system. The one thing that frustrates me is the boss battles. Some are ridiculously easy, but then there are others like the Deathstroke one and my god its terrible. I assume in this battle they were trying to go for a quick, intense, challenging, and fun battle. What they got was just frustration. Its nearly impossible to defeat him. You simply cannot resort to the game's own fighting techniques. You must slowly learn how he reacts, and sometimes, even if you are careful and winning, sometimes you won't be able to counter, and will have to get hurt. The story also seems to get carried away in side missions. I recommend this if you are a die-hard batman fan, but if you are looking for a game the quality of Arkham City, just forget it."
76561198199792950,Recommended,209000,17754323,"Posted: 28 August, 2015",all,XDkillers,Its a good game but at one point I couldn´t press a button i was supposed to press. Don´t kow if it´s in every computer but yeah. Other wise I recommend this game.
,Recommended,209000,10941332,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,Jade StarForce,"I would rate this game 8/10Good: I completed all achievements in Arkham Asylum and Arkham City, and for single player mode, this game continues to tell story very well. New gadgets are very interesting and sometimes I find them a time saver. This game has a different approach then from Arkham City, but I will not call it Arkham City 2.5. It has a lot of similarities, but still different. Instead of having only Enigma as some side thing to do during main story, now you still confront Enigma plus few others, which gives nice randomness to the game. Batman is also slightly ""wild"" so to say, and I like that as he is younger in this game then in previous games.Bad: Since multiplayer is part of game, the only bad side for me was that, even the multiplayer concept is really good, it last too short in order to get some fun, plus queues are kinda crappy as game won't start until all 8 players are in lobby, so you have to wait a little. Maybe interface can be slightly confusing in single player but you can get used to it very quickly.I bought it for 5 euros during SummerSale, and I will try to complete all achievements here as well. It's great game serial for me."
76561197971852059,Not Recommended,209000,11055135,"Posted: 3 July, 2014",all,Jadey,"Weakest of all the batman games, sub standard in most regards and dull in others"
76561197984533013,Recommended,209000,17347338,"Posted: 2 August, 2015",all,David,"WB Games Montreal builds on the well-established ""city devoid of life"" motif made popular by its predecessor, Rocksteady'sBatman: Arkham City. While game franchises likeGrand Theft Autocontinue to refine the tired concept of a living, breathing open world,Batman: Arkham Originsturns sandbox gameplay on its head, featuring a game world replete with rectangular prisms of varying sizes separated by streets that one can imagine were at one time occupied by moving cars.This time-tested ghost town philosophy is cleverly realized by a winter weather warning, to which of course every citizen of Gotham - the most dangerous city in America (made so by a widespread and vehement aversion to the rule of law) - will adhere, conveniently providing the game developers with the time necessary to only somewhat alter the game world crafted by Rocksteady in the previous installment to the series."
,Recommended,209000,17351903,"Posted: 2 August, 2015",all,#iDude,best villian ever
,Not Recommended,209000,17354266,"Posted: 2 August, 2015",all,Gamerblue,"What should be a good game, as its basically the same as previous Arkham games turns bad only 7% into the game with a near unbeatable boss Deathstroke. I'm not a casual gamer and I still havnt beaten him. This was way to early in the game and simply ruined the game for me. Not worth your time and not really canon to the series anyways"
,Recommended,209000,17359536,"Posted: 2 August, 2015",all,fumen,You get to be a guy in a bat suit and break peoples necks.10/10 Would crush another larynx.
76561198059574931,Recommended,209000,17320159,"Posted: 31 July, 2015",all,Kingz4eva,10/10 For everything without a doubt!!
,Not Recommended,209000,17321241,"Posted: 31 July, 2015",all,MyTesticles,"Aside from the lack of Conroy and Hamil, this game lacks the appealing features of Assylum and City that rocksteady offered, both narratively and mechanically. Also the game is buggy as♥♥♥♥♥♥ game crashes every now and again back to desktop, the firefly mission alone took 5 attempts (including 3 reboots) to start as the game did not recognise the end of the cutscene. As mentioned, the game did not feel like its predecessors as the fighting was less fluid and the gadgets were less usefull."
76561197985277322,Recommended,209000,17323688,"Posted: 31 July, 2015",all,Don't give up!!,"Although this game have many bug occur and the battle is like Arkham city(Just Electric punch is plus), the story of this game is very good and the side mission is quite good :)"
,Not Recommended,209000,17329073,"Posted: 1 August, 2015",all,Vicious Beast,"If you've already played the Batman games before this one, there's really nothing to see here except some cool-looking new models. I generally give franchise games pretty wide spacing between each iteration so that they feel newer, but unlike the Assassin's Creed games, a couple months or a year was not enough to make Arkham Origins feel like a game I hadn't played already. Except maybe for the handful of detectiving scenes."
76561198094062090,Recommended,209000,16806910,"Posted: 30 June, 2015",all,Fresh Prince of Bel Nair,"Amazing game with a great show on how the series came to be. combat is great, cool gadgets, and some nice boss battles here and there. I'd give it an 8/10. Has some minor flaws but it's a must buy for any fan of the series or likes a stealth game with some action here and there."
76561198140977565,Recommended,209000,17334773,"Posted: 1 August, 2015",all,freejimmyneutron,its great man
,Recommended,209000,7477650,"Posted: 25 October, 2013",all,Maxzloch,"s'gud, s'not great"
76561197993568822,Recommended,209000,17228100,"Posted: 25 July, 2015",all,Rishar,"Let me start with, yes, I recommend the game...just don't expect what the previous games offered.  Let me start with this description from the skill tree.""Your combat grade is assigned based on your maximum combo in the fight, the variation of moves you used, the amount of damage received and your overall efficiency.  A perfect fight is one where you take no damage, never lose your combo multiplier and use a variety of attack moves.""First thing to note, yes, you are graded on your ability to fight.  Even if the previous games gave you more exp/points for higher combos, they never graded you.  So now, you get letter scores.  A, B, C, D...based on how well they rate your fight.  Well, so right off the bat(man) they are insulting you for not playing a specific way.  Good start.I don't think efficiency means what they think it means.  You have to hit more, use gadgets, vary your attacks and not get hit.  What part of that if efficient (other than not getting hit)?  Batman has never been about this.  He quickly counters with one or two hits and takes the low end guys down.  Saves gadgets for necessary situations.  So not only do I not think the company that handled this version of batman even played the previous versions but I don't think they ever watched Batman.Skill tree.  It was clearly designed for controller.  There are no arrows to move it to the beginning of the tree, you have to either click each skill on the edge to make it center on that skill or use your arrow keys to move one by one.Combat.  Combat is fairly similar to the previous entries in the series.  Though I'd have to say the dodge roll seems slightly less effective as I get a hit a lot more in the middle of a dodge than the previous games.  Other than that, fairly similar.Don't know much about the story yet.  Haven't made it too far.  The game has crashed a few times (could be me...but the others ran fine so I don't know).Camera bugs...fighting in doorways is not recommended.  Camera got stuck facing neither Batman nor the guy I was fighting at one point.  Main menu has a bug where the invisible selection box overlaps if you put the mouse between Difficulty and Subtitle it cycles between the two rapidly.So, long review short, it's a fun game if you can ignore that they insult you for not playing how they think you should play and the bugs and glitches (minor, but they are there).  In the previous games, you were Batman, and you Batmanned how you felt like it.  In this...you Batman how they want you to Batman.  I'm Batman.  Maybe I'll revise my opinion later with more time in game...but I doubt it.  Get the game if it's on super sale, but I would never pay full price for it."
,Not Recommended,209000,17365469,"Posted: 3 August, 2015",all,Dunkmugmun,Im sure this game would be AMAZING if it didnt black screen and crash when ever i get the first boss down to half his health... I have uninstalled and installed the game multiple times and it always craches right at that same exact part. I recommend the game but thumbs down for such a poor excuse for a port.
76561198128081835,Recommended,209000,17365813,"Posted: 3 August, 2015",all,Deaths Meths,It is amazing and all the suit's are amazing the graphics is awesome too ... :D love Batman game's :)
,Recommended,209000,17441692,"Posted: 8 August, 2015",all,Brockpoltergeist,"9/10 Good story great gameplay and funny moments in some ways all this is just a part of the story & Cold, Cold, Heart DLC The skin DLCs are good if you want to buy extra player models but I'll say the game is better with just the season pass it gives you two skins a Story line DLC and a pre-story line or you could buy all of it seperate and get more or less it depends on what you consider more or less over all awesome game."
76561198072480514,Recommended,209000,17891870,"Posted: 5 September, 2015",all,TheDarkOne,I really enjoyed this prequel to the Arkham series especially the origin story of the Joker. I feel this game really brought together the games showing the origins of not just the Joker but of Batman himself. It had a variety of different Batman villians which was a very enjoyable part of the game having diversity. I do hope Batman fans that haven't played this or even if you aren't a Batman fan that this game its style its plot can grab any player into it. So give it a try and you won't be disappointed.
76561197971932299,Recommended,209000,16767896,"Posted: 28 June, 2015",all,Dieghoul,You liked Arkham City? You will like this game.
76561198030665293,Recommended,209000,17809336,"Posted: 31 August, 2015",all,Scuzzlebutt,"Though not as good as the first two games, there's no reason you shouldn't enjoy it if you liked the previous ones."
,Recommended,209000,20492145,"Posted: 12 January, 2016",all,WolF,This is a nice game
76561198057964136,Recommended,209000,20370420,"Posted: 7 January, 2016",all,add2Kart,fun once through. new tools are kinda neat. story is halfway decent.9/10 its not Kevin Conroy's voice
,Recommended,209000,20367566,"Posted: 6 January, 2016",all,jblanier,I absolutely loved this game.
76561197998769523,Recommended,209000,20429437,"Posted: 9 January, 2016",all,Henke,"The black sheep of the Arkham-family games. I've no idea why it's regarded as such, this game is phenomenal. It has the best boss fights (Deathstroke, Firefly and Copperhead stand out for me). It's true, it's not very different from Arkham City, but in my personal opinion that's not a bad thing. Its gameplay shines on the higher difficulty settings (I've not completed it on Hard yet, sheesh). They added some nice touches like the Batcave, I felt that was a great addition as well some of the great story moments with Joker and Bane. It's really a great game, it's greatest downfall was that it came out so soon after Arkham City,"
,Recommended,209000,20403045,"Posted: 8 January, 2016",all,Gabito Esmiapodo,"It could be simply a (big) expansion for Arkham City. I liked the game, anyway. I'll probably play it again some day."
,Not Recommended,209000,20320320,"Posted: 5 January, 2016",all,Cont3nder,"DON'T BUY THIS GAME!! Don't even take it if you got it for free!WhenI first installed this, I was excited. Yayyyy!!! New batman ^_^Game glitched in first boss. And also in second boss. Uninstalled.Yesterday gave it a new chance. Glitched in first 3 minutes. Couldn't continue playing. Had to restart mission. Uninstalled.Not gonna give third chance!"
,Recommended,209000,20312523,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,Yes,"Why do I need to collect all these upgrades, when I'm already the goddamn Batman?If you liked the other Batman's you will like this Batman."
,Recommended,209000,20282153,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,JamestheFallen,I'll start by answering a popular question with an almost unanimous answer. Is it better than Asylum and City? No it isn't. Does that mean it's a bad game? By no means!!  It is a very fun game. If you are a fan of the Arkham games this is a must. The voice acting is great! Even if it isn't Luke Skywalker voicing the Joker. The game doesn't offer anything new for sure. It just offers more of the same which isn't bad. The Arkham games are lots of fun. I'd give this game a solid 7/10.
76561198170480531,Recommended,209000,20137557,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,trussel8,"Funnest beat em up game I've ever played on my pc. I haven't played the others in the series but I will. My one problem with this game is after thirty hours of play, my main story line glitched out and now I cannot complete the campaign. I've invested so much time on this extremely fun batman ride only to never be able to win the game. If the north bridge glitch gets a patch, this would be a 9.7/10 for me. Until then I feel like I'm judging an incomplete game.*update. i found a fix for my glitch problem and finished the game. This was a very fun game all around."
,Recommended,209000,20300820,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,Nikolas,"Fun game, enjoyed the storyline and gameplay thoroughly. If you enjoyed the other batman games you can't go wrong with this one."
,Recommended,209000,20603063,"Posted: 18 January, 2016",all,GorillaGames,god game
,Not Recommended,209000,20602140,"Posted: 18 January, 2016",all,Russian National Anthem☭☭☭,cool movie
76561198109756537,Recommended,209000,20615817,"Posted: 18 January, 2016",all,princepain123,great game love it
,Recommended,209000,16829875,"Posted: 1 July, 2015",all,Rowan,"Amazing game, just like the previous games. Batman Arkam Origins, is very much like the first, and second game. It has the same feel, the same controls, and the same combat. Thats not a bad thing... I ♥♥♥♥ing love it.Sceptical about buying? Watch this to see if it appeals to you!https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eC9JBp0IqY4&list=PLEbOoV_XBrKtmmNSS2NvdjdRAU15Fak-r"
76561198084123356,Recommended,209000,20776817,"Posted: 26 January, 2016",all,Gh03t224,I'M BATMAN
76561198044632043,Recommended,209000,20794319,"Posted: 27 January, 2016",all,Stolar,"Pretty much Arham City vol. 2, slightly worse IMO. If you just can't get enough of the Arham formula, go for it. Safe to skip otherwise."
76561198275240106,Recommended,209000,20800978,"Posted: 28 January, 2016",all,mccarthyda,Amazing
76561198011428147,Recommended,209000,20308549,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,Zethros,"Yet another progressive improvement in the already spectacular Batman Arkham series, once again taking the best aspects from the previous installment and pushing it forward with new toys and a consistant theme and quality."
,Recommended,209000,8411810,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,Arkrash,"Great game, but not as long and as good as it could have been. It is still worth paying for but not 49,99 €. If it's on sale and you liked the previous arkham games i would recommend this game."
,Recommended,209000,20513975,"Posted: 13 January, 2016",all,Chris Merigold,"Not bad, best fighting skills and storyline"
,Not Recommended,209000,16252122,"Posted: 7 June, 2015",all,depresso espresso,"I thought I was finally starting to enjoy this game and then it ended. Full of blatant continuity errors such asThe entire existance of the shock gloves and Bain's transformation into a giant monster.This doesn't even account for other moronic stuff with the plot such asPenguin's total ignorance of Batman despite common street thugs knowing him, Gordon's willingness to send people to their deaths just to spite Batman because reasons, in addition to Bain knowing Batman's identity for all of 20 minutes before memory loss because why not.With gameplay, Batman just controls worse than the other two games and beyond that some of the new enemy types are just instantly pointless because of the stupidshock glovesthat make every fight a steamroll. Overall skip on this and stick to the Rocksteady made Batman games, those are actually good."
76561198048296020,Recommended,209000,16255388,"Posted: 7 June, 2015",all,schattenx86,"If you can be anything in life, always be the BATMAN!"
,Not Recommended,209000,16283720,"Posted: 9 June, 2015",all,Trip Fisk,"I'd recommend to steer clear of Arkham Origins unless its on sale for $5.Of the 3 Arkham games, it could be the best, but winds up being the worst. There's a number of basic problems that plauge this game, and all can be summed up by one word: laziness. What Arkham Origins really needed the most was a few extra months of polish to smooth out the rough edges and it truly could have been an awesome AAA experience. Instead the quality is sadly inconsistent. I found Origins will wowing me with some amazing stuff then suddenly irking me with something really sloppy low quality. A perfect example is the moment Batman breaks Deathstroke's staff in half. It looks hilariously bad in an otherwise unexpected and exciting fight (plagued with some bad camera issues). Then there are a number of glitches and bugs that could have stood to be  gotten rid of. Another noteworthy disappointment is the hand-to-hand combat which was perfected in the last 2 games, is frustratingly imprecise and sometimes buggy in Origins. Hey, since I'm on a roll, you know what else is annoying? Using the same 2-3 voice actors to voice ALL the thugs in the entire city. Come on, man. That's something Bethesda does.Origins also comes with a really fun on-line mode, but there doesn't seem to be a whole lot of people playing anymore. :(As far as the story goes, I find that each game showcases a completely different Batman. Asylum featured the tough as nails, do-no-wrong boyscout. City had the laughably inept amateur getting knocked unconscious several times who posessed a warped and mentally ill sense of justice wanting to violently beat up criminals while doing anything physically possible to save the lives of murderers who can not be reformed. Origins features so consumed with justice Batman, he's a jerk to everyone and will only stop fighting crime once he's dead. Hoping next Batman is campy Adam West batman."
76561198168661351,Recommended,209000,16340948,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,isbadiz,"Although not in the same league as either Arkham Asylum or City, Arkham Origins is still a game worth getting should you find it on offer. There are a few bugs and glitches that haven't been ironed out, the combat isn't quite as smooth as in the previous games and Batman has a Batwing before a Batmobile which will be a little annoying to purists. That is as far as I can go with the faults though. The gameplay is enjoyable, the Deathstroke boss battle is one of my favourites in the francise. The story arc is also good, with it combining a few classic Batman stories such as Knightfall, but having it's own take on them.If you are waiting for Arkham Knight and haven't played this yet (which I doubt, but you never know) I reccomend taking advantage of the Steam Summer sale and getting this game to tide you over.Overall I give Arkahm Origins 7.5/10 (the extra .5 for the twist in origins story halfway through the game) :)"
76561198061399865,Not Recommended,209000,16566481,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,Pookie,"I REALLY enjoyed Asylum and City. This one is inferior in many ways that I'm sure previous reviews depict, and that's why I can't recommend the game. I can't justify purchasing a game from a company that makes a fantastic two first games, than follows up with this mess. If this had been the first or only one, sure it'd be worthwhile. A complaint I have with many recent AAA games are side quests, and this game is all about staying away from the main story. Personally, I believe every hour dedicated to something other than making a great main story is wasted."
76561198192661189,Recommended,209000,16568498,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,Handy Manny the Tranny,"Must have for any Batman fan. I have played all three games and cant wait for Arkham Knight!. Only bad thing is the same game mechanics as the other two (or atleast a great similarity to it), but for $5 its a great deal. You have to buy on summer sale for the price though. Im glad that Rocksteady has taken over again for the last installment"
76561198155447160,Not Recommended,209000,16571665,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,ZarifR,I cant play it due to black screen after the game launches.
,Not Recommended,209000,11744964,"Posted: 16 August, 2014",all,Hurricane,"If you hoped to get yet another good Batman game, you can forget about it. This excuse of a game amounts to a rotten piece of issues and bugs that will break your saves and reward you with frustration.  Unaccurate moves ? Check. World being garbled after your 10th try on a mission that consistently bugs at the end ? Check. I'm giving up : 2 evening lost on a single stupidly broken mission is not how I understand ""fun"". Don't lose your time on this.  Not for a dollar, not for a cent, not for free."
,Recommended,209000,16578844,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,KAKAZET,Brilliant game! I like it.
,Recommended,209000,16323663,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,kersjous,Quite good mission pack for Arkham City.
,Recommended,209000,16279703,"Posted: 9 June, 2015",all,Bongo,i like it
76561198029828587,Not Recommended,209000,16312478,"Posted: 11 June, 2015",all,Melancholic,"You'll probably pick this up for spare change as the newest installment is due out soon so I'll be brief:It's worth it at absolute low cost, but you probably won't finish it. For some reason Steam says I only spent 20 hours in this game. This is just plain wrong, I must of easily gone over 50 (never completed though, just side questing)It IS a Batman game but made by a studio who just couldn't pull off the same magic as before. All the little faults add up in an open world game that's going to take days to complete: camera angles of doom in combat, save points several fights before boss fights. Boss fights that simply bore you as you spend an hour cleaning out a room of trash before you can even make a start on the main kill. Some would say that for example 'Deadeye' was a great boss fight taking patience. I'd kind of agree, but once you take the patience out and clean the room first it's simply an anti climax and I'd rather be doing something else. The 'Puzzles' are back, littered around the city, but they are strangely unegaging, unlike previous outings.By all means buy this if you're a fan of the series. I just don't think it is good enough to hold your attention all the way to the end, that simple. If there's any of the other franchise you haven't played and have the money, get that instead.My total experience of the multiplayer lasted as long as it took to realize I'd have to pay to open up the multi player crates found in the single player campaign. No thanks."
76561198107387634,Recommended,209000,16317223,"Posted: 11 June, 2015",all,masonmccloud,Great storymode.
76561198078475158,Recommended,209000,16369622,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,thiccdud,"You're Batman, what else to say?420/360"
,Not Recommended,209000,16376538,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,Davien,worst of the Arkham series.avoid this game to avoid the disappointment. hard to push yourself to finish it due to all the glaring differences compared to the other 2. Just not polished enough compared to them.
76561198115928769,Not Recommended,209000,16362452,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,That Which Triggers,"I was super excited about this game because I am a huge Batman fan, but it is extremely glitchy to the point where it's unplayable. I managed to make it to the first boss battle (Killer Croc) without anything too major going wrong. However, midway through the fight, Killer Croc started blinking like he has a spawn shield or something. I thought initially that this was some kind of game mechanic that was supposed to indicate something, but then he turned completely invisible! What the ♥♥♥♥? I was still able to track him, so I continued the battle. After a few seconds, my entire screen except the HUD went black. And then my game crashed. And then I attempted the fight again. And it crashed. Again.Also, the default key bindings are ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥.Also, it's capped at 30 fps for some reason.Also, the multiplayer is dead (as can be expected from a game this old)I realize that this is an old game now and that the developers probably stopped releasing fixes, so for that reason I do not reccomend you purchase this game, even if it's on sale."
,Recommended,209000,16362611,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,Gluteus Maximus,Keep calm and NA NA NA NA NA NA NA BAATMAAN!!
76561198185215073,Recommended,209000,16363760,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,ZeroX #NicoNicoNii,IT IS THE ONE OF THE BEST GAMES I LOVE IT <3 <3 <3
76561198039106145,Recommended,209000,15550305,"Posted: 25 April, 2015",all,Vdain,"To me, this game is superior to Arkham City.  Building on its predecessors, it believe a smooth and engaging game.BIG FUN WITH FLYING ELBOWS OF DOOOOM!!!"
,Recommended,209000,7582095,"Posted: 6 November, 2013",all,Soundwave,not as good as baman arkem city but still good
76561198085080390,Recommended,209000,18110839,"Posted: 19 September, 2015",all,Soundblaster,Hm.... Why Batman v DeathStoke So hard i can't win :(
76561198100828613,Recommended,209000,18218027,"Posted: 27 September, 2015",all,AttackoftheGout,I am Batman.
,Recommended,209000,18210715,"Posted: 26 September, 2015",all,Aero,"Lots of fun to play, I would recconmend this to anyone who wants to see what it would be like to be The Batman."
76561198116116545,Recommended,209000,18227694,"Posted: 27 September, 2015",all,*ϗlɚىƥҿɽ  *,this game is awsome with young batman and bones broke for dis game
,Recommended,209000,18239736,"Posted: 28 September, 2015",all,Mongorii,"The Arkham series of video games are literally the best set of super hero games ever made. They have some of everything, Batman: Arkham Origins being no exception.This game has a little of everything, all perfectly executed.It has some puzzle aspects with the detective portions of the game, which are just complex enough to be fun and easy enough to not hinder progress of the game (although some of the extra puzzles and riddles can be pretty damn tough!)The combat is top notch, with an array of gadgets to aid you and plenty of villain♥♥♥♥♥kickin' combos to defeat the thugs and loonies of gothem with.It has a nice set of upgrades for when you level up. The process in Arkham Origins to lvl up feels smooth flowing and natural.It's plenty challenging! It may take a few tries before getting past a particular group of henchmen, or a boss fight. Not enough games give players a real run for their money these days, but Arkham Origins certainly doesn't forget to deliver in this department.The story is good old fashioned Dark Knight goodness! 10/10 all the way through. Pick up the whole Arkham series and play em in order, you won't regret it!"
,Recommended,209000,18243985,"Posted: 28 September, 2015",all,拿出你的绝活开始你的,botmon iz awusome
,Not Recommended,209000,18176419,"Posted: 24 September, 2015",all,Gero,"This game was a disappointment. I very much enjoyed playing Arkham Asylum and Arkham City, but this was a let down compared to the previous two games. The game mechanics didnt see much innovation since the first two games, and I feel like the main story itself was overpromised.  The first Bane fight was way more difficult than it should have been, his charging attack was very difficult to avoid so it took me >20 tries to beat him THE FIRST TIME.  Then you fight him later where he does the same attacks, so the game just had us fight the same boss twice.  I also like to achievement hunt, and I think that multiplayer achievements are an abomination.  I think a lot of the work that could have gone into the single player story of the game instead went into making the multiplayer.  I haven't had the chance to try the multiplayer, so I can't comment on it's quality, but I feel like it is not needed in a game like this.  I wouldn't have written this review, but after I finished the main story I started to run around to complete the side missions. I encountered a bug where Batman gets stuck in a nightclub, which can't be fixed by reloading/ restarting the game.  I looked for anyone else who had this problem, and there was a post from TWO YEARS AGO where people also had the same problem.  I had noticed a few minor bugs either in combat or weird flying patterns, which weren't a big deal.  However if the developer can't patch a huge bug like the one I encountered in two whole years, I get the feeling they don't care about their customers."
,Recommended,209000,18170006,"Posted: 24 September, 2015",all,LikeASunrise,GG
,Recommended,209000,18185988,"Posted: 25 September, 2015",all,hadot,"cant remember playing, see other batman review 8/10"
,Recommended,209000,18197226,"Posted: 25 September, 2015",all,Akrosan,"As I am writing this now 2 years after release I can say that Batman Arkham Origins was not worth the 50 dollars at release. The graphics are nice as well as combat. Boss fights were challenging and the story was long enough at 6 hours. But what really made me upset was that you couldnt play as Deathstroke in the open world Gotham you are presented with, instead to play as Deathstroke you must play the arena mode which pits you against multiple enemies as once which to be honest was not very good. After you beat he game which by the way the ending really wasnt up to par with my expectations. SPOLERS HERE. The ending really was bad with you just jumping from the rooftop of Arkham Asylum and the credits roll. After you beat the game there is not alot to do. All you can really do is beat up people and do the 5 someodd side missions. I rate Batman:Arkham Origins  as a 7/10"
76561198133893973,Not Recommended,209000,18204758,"Posted: 26 September, 2015",all,OdInIsGoD,"i really dont know how this game actually get good review. i  seldom write review myself but this game♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥me off so much that i have no choice but to write one to shoot this game. firstly, this game is full of bug and its not properly done. the fighting scene is a big mess and the control suck. too much buttons to remember, especially when comes to fighting boss, i almost vomit blood. the counter will often fail even when i pressed to counter button. dont waste your money. dont support this game. i really regret buying this crap!"
76561198011826984,Not Recommended,209000,18196485,"Posted: 25 September, 2015",all,viejasfire,"This game is infuriating.  It crashes constantly, especially during prolonged boss encounters.  It might be pretty or even engaging but I spend too much time resistning the urge to throw my controller through my monitor to enjoy it.  I do NOT recommend it to anyone.  At any price.  The aggrivation is just not worth it."
,Recommended,209000,18175063,"Posted: 24 September, 2015",all,Null,"Fun game but horrible optimization. Randomly drops to ~45fps.For $5, its a great game!"
76561198076809400,Recommended,209000,18184986,"Posted: 25 September, 2015",all,I Am The Knight,"(Disclaimer: DON'T judge this review based on my play time on record, i beat the game on ps3 before switching to pc.)This was the point where most people got burnt out on the series. I fall in this category as well. The story is very solid and tells a great sort of coming of age tale so to speak. You play as Batman at almost 2 years into his career on Christmas Eve, 5 years before Asylum and 6 and a half years before City. Black Mask, Gotham's current top mob boss has gotten tired of Batman's shennanigans interfereing with his operations for the past two years, and decides to put a bounty of $50mil on Batman's head. This attracts 8 of some the best assassins in the world to Gotham to kill Batman once and for all. It was single-handedly the best, grittiest story in the series, and i'm glad that the presentation with the cutscenes and the music returns to the dark style of Asylum.As far as gameplay is concerned, it remains LARGELY unchanged. There's a bigger open world, (roughly 2x the size of arkham city) you FINALLY have access to the Batcave for the first time in the series (you can also access challenge maps from the training console inside), and there are 4 ""new"" gadgets the glue grenade, remote claw, and the concussion detonator and the shock gloves, but they're pretty much exactly the same as the freeze blast, line launcher, and the smoke pellet (with the exception of the remote claw which you use to attach enemies to other enemies and items and the shock gloves which you charge up and use for extra damage in combat, although it isn't necessary). Because you're able to explore the second half of Gotham in this game, Batman uses his Batwing in the form of fast travel points. But the only REAL addtion that's worthy is the reconstruction of crime scenes with the evidence scanner in detective mode. You fast forward and rewind through crime scene footage to find different pieces of evidence and solve the case. It's fun and it's the best detective gameplay in the series. Previously, you were only able to scan highlighted objects, which made it too easy but this time around it's a little tougher and it's more satisfying. If it weren't for this feature, Arkham Knight wouldn't have it either. Combat's the same except for an upgrade that lets you do one special combo move during freeflow focus (which btw, still has the heatwave visual effect and WILL make your eyes hurt if you look at it for long enough) and you now can't throw qucikfire batarangs at armored enemies by mistake or else your combo will drop (which is REALLY annoying). The new shock gloves are pointless seeing as how they're supposed to add damage but the freeflow focus and critical strikes already do that, so it's unecessary (plus they COMEPLETELY take the challenge out of combat because they can punch through ANYTHING shields, stun batons, the new martial arts enemies, and armor). It's just eye candy with new combat animations. Stealth is completely the same too except for the aforementioned remote claw. Although gameplay is vastly untouched, there is the new dark knight system. It's similar to the physical challenges from city, but there are some new ones (like completeing a predator encounter just using silent takedowns). And they do reward you with upgrades, but most of these are old upgrades, so it's pretty pointless. It just adds a little more challenge and is something extra for completionists to do. And speaking of upgrades, classic upgrades like the double and triple batarangs make a return from asylum, which felt like a nice playable easter egg reference. The upgrade system in this game feels skewed from the other games. You still upgrade most things using xp, but certain things require you to complete challenges in the dark system and rank up in order to unlock them. I wouldn't be mad if there were plenty of new and innovative upgrades, but there AREN'T. So it puts up an unecessary barrier to get to upgrades that i've already had! I got critical strikes at the beginning of asylum and city, but in this game i was only able to get that towards the end of the story.The open world looks great, especially on pc. But the textures were muddier than city except for snow and character models. Lighting and reflections are top notch and rival even asylum's.  yet cutscenes look very compressed and they're easily the worst in the series. But as far as world itself goes, it boring and empty. It's 2x the size of city, but that doesn't mean it's 2x the side missions and activities. On the night that the game takes place, the police issue a martial law curfew to keep citizens inside due to the danger that the assassins hunting Batman and the snow present. Because of this, the city is INCREDIBLY empty. There's hardly even any enemies outside. And the side missions indoors and outside are exactly the same as City's just in a different skin. And you have to unlock fast travel points for the Batwing as well but nothing new besides that. The fact that some of these assassins were pushed aside to side missions instead of the proper setup and climate they deserved was the most disappointing in this area.There are plenty of boss fights in this entry, most in the series (MUCH more compared to Arkham Knight). They're the most aggressive in the series, and they will require mastery of combat and percision timing (especially Deathstroke's fight which is the best in the game and the most intense). They're not brainbusters, but you can't let your gaurd down for second. Not all of the them are innovative, however (Deadshot's fight is a mix between his incredibly short fight in Arkham City, and Catwoman's fight against Two-Face In City after the main story.).There will be some glitches here and there, some minor others major. They range from enemies freezing to an Anarky side mission not starting. It was much worse on pc at launch though, with players being blocked from a section in the story. I'm sure things have been patched up by now, but the devs were more intent on selling dlc rather than fixing it at first. But there's nothing game breaking. Although the aforementioned glitch with quickfire batarags stopping the combo when they hit armored enemies is REALLY annoying and breaks the flow of combat.All in all, Arkham Origins was a fun ride, but a lackluster and uninspired one at that. The story is top notch and surprisingly of one the best in the series. The boss battles are the best overall (except for mr freeze in city). But the city is empty and lifeless. And besides reconstructing crime scenes with detective mode, there's nothing new to entice you. Everything else is pretty much done in the EXACT same fashion as City. Even half the map is recycled from Arkham City! It looks a little different with the snow and Christmas decorations, but don't let that fool you. It's cool to see how familiar settings looked 6 and a half years before City, but it's still not that different. Compared to the other games, it just felt really lazy. Warner Bros. Montreal clearly didn't want to take any risks with this entry, and it shows. For the most part, it was an exact copy and paste of City. This definitely wasn't intended by Warner Bros. to be the next bloackbuster title in the series, but rather a side dish to satisfy fans long enough while they waited for Arkham Knight. And they succeeded in that, not by much, but still succeeded nonetheless."
76561198097007128,Recommended,209000,18185247,"Posted: 25 September, 2015",all,DuXoN,awesome
76561198000237795,Recommended,209000,7773624,"Posted: 26 November, 2013",all,kyvitti84,i have loved this franhcise the frst two games were better in my eyes but thew story to this one is rightous. i was hoping we would be avle to drive something one day in this game i mean at least a batcycle.
76561197971398036,Recommended,209000,7784034,"Posted: 27 November, 2013",all,aidydas,just a peace of art
,Recommended,209000,7784762,"Posted: 27 November, 2013",all,ChivesMaster,"If you want or expect something radically different from Arkham City or Arkham Asylum, you'll be disappointed. This game doesn't feel like it has quite the level of attention to detail as those made by Rocksteady, but it will definitely satisfy anyone wanting more Batman action. As always, the predator missions are fun, the combat is smooth, and the visuals are great. It is far better optimized than Arkham City, too. I enjoyed it, but it isn't for everyone."
76561198070686896,Recommended,209000,16573394,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,βishop,It's like How The Grinch Stole Christmas but with Batman
,Recommended,209000,16728518,"Posted: 26 June, 2015",all,Korvo,"Put aside the fact that the events aren't in Arkham, and that from the 2nd chapter to this one there wasn't much to be done, Origins delivers yet again another boast to the Arkham series, as the best super hero franchise there was, is and quite possibly will be.Finally we get to play within the batcave, and we see Gotham in all it's glory. The boss fights are by far the best of the series so far, and the story is indeed compelling enough for a prologue to the previous 2 games.That said, I'm off to play chapter 3.5: Origins Blackgate! :-)"
76561198068492605,Recommended,209000,16729697,"Posted: 26 June, 2015",all,dragon eye,is anyone having thsame problem where the game crashes after the nividia thing?
,Recommended,209000,16730345,"Posted: 26 June, 2015",all,Chow Ming,It's a really great prolouge and the story line is fantastic only I wonder how I can get skins and skin packs
,Recommended,209000,16730435,"Posted: 26 June, 2015",all,Nobody,"TL;DR version: can't talk about serious bugs because I didn't find any. Good performance, very conservative gameplay but pretty good story.I cannot talk about bugs (serious ones) because i didn't encounter any. At least the one game-breaking bug I know of (the radio tower trap) has been fixed. Do your research if you want to be sure. There are some glitches and, sure, they are immersion breaking but they are nothing serious and sometimes even funny: the ""flip-flop"" Batman does sometimes when he glides or how Bane literally punched me out of the world.About the game itself, it is very good... even if it is more of the same. It is a very safe entrance in the franchise in terms of gameplay. It recycles most of the map and deviates very little from the struture of Arkham City. But if you liked that and simply want more you wont go wrong with this. Just don't expect anything revolutionary.However, where this game excels is in the story and the atmosphere. Being set in Christmas Eve was a great idea and the snowy landscape was a nice touch. The plot is very well handled and very interesting; you learn how Batman and Gordon started helpìng each other and how the Joker came to be, even if we don't see how he actually started. Special mention to Harley's cameo, really well made."
76561197971328340,Recommended,209000,16731304,"Posted: 26 June, 2015",all,GalactusPoo,"This one is a bland, but for $5 - $10 it's worth while if you are a hardcore Bat-Fan.  Great boss fights."
76561198008894729,Not Recommended,209000,16668412,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,Machwulf,"Brilliant potential, Unplayably CONSTANT crashes.  Attempts to evolve  sequential combat from Arkham legacy."
,Recommended,209000,16679679,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,@Pred8rEdits,"A really good game to play, Graphics are really good, Sounds on this game are stunning, I love those ambient sounds, but theres also something bad... The sensitivity on this cannot be changed unless your mouse has a manual for it. Also the gameplay is not that interesting when you get bored easily... The servers are not working for some of my friends while they are working for me. This game is bugged."
76561198049109733,Not Recommended,209000,16698638,"Posted: 25 June, 2015",all,phantomNinja,"I enjoyed this game, played 35.8 hrs on it until at the Birds mission, it's glitched so hard that I can't play the game anymore. I can play challenges, but the story-mode, all I see is batman in pitch black. He can't move. I can access menus just fine. I tried to change all the graphic options but still nothing. This is an awful thing to experience as a gamer who's close to finishing the game. I'm not going to play it again from the beginning so I'll just leave with a bad taste in my mouth and a mission to make sure no one else experiences what I did.Don't waste your time playing this game only to have it glitch so hard that you'll be left with a bunch of wasted time."
,Recommended,209000,16723000,"Posted: 26 June, 2015",all,risk,"Great game, barely any bugs, great storyline :D"
,Recommended,209000,16724845,"Posted: 26 June, 2015",all,SammyJeev @ RejectGamers,"In my opinion, this game has the best storyline and gameplay out of the entire Batman game franchise including Arkham knight. If you're unsure about buying the franchise (you want to play them in order since the story follows through), then I suggest playing this one first. This is detached from the other stories and as the name suggests, it's about the origins of some major Batman villans.Ideally though, you want to play Asylum and City before playing this, as the gadgets used by Batman and fighting techniques does actually follow from the other two games."
76561198011908715,Recommended,209000,16696533,"Posted: 25 June, 2015",all,Puseblume,It's batman (Y)
,Recommended,209000,16610764,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,AaronZaBaron,"Love this game.Pros:It's Batman.Cons:Small parts of combat get redudant in the game...such as sitting onGargoyles or other objects to spot out enemies. Not a huge deal, but does kind of getboring on some parts."
,Recommended,209000,16610976,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,TheDock,online play is new and different. to bad that the new batman game doesn't  have online play.
76561198070313954,Recommended,209000,16614371,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,Davix,"I trusted the people talking about this game as a very good one, but when I was about to buy it I thought that I wouldn't play it much, because maybe I'd found it boring. I bought it anyway hahaAaand well, it's a very good game! <-- said by a particular player, a lazy one who avoids playing most of the games.It can be a little boring in certain things after a while, but that's just my opinion.. and sometimes I got confused about the the buttons to press in order to do certain actions, especially at the beginning.The graphic is cool, even though I run it with a medium quality. My graphic card sucks, but it managed to handle this game with no problems :DI saw some bugs with the enemies, which wasn't a very bad one. But you know, seeing an enemy invincible that does nothing, and the game has forgotten about him, so you can go on without caring about him... well, it's not tragic but not even that good to see xDI don't want to stay here writing about all the things of this game, I just want to say BUY IT. Avoid it if you hate batman and all the things concerning the batman universe, if it's not so, take and kick the♥♥♥♥♥to everyone you meet :D"
,Recommended,209000,16615887,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,Chef of Sleepiness I am,"Holy buggy software Batman!  I know there are a lot of previous review about it and to be honest it is why I didn't pick it up until it went on sale fro $5.  I had hoped that the buggs had been dealt with since the game had been out for about a year but if any of them has been fixed they sure as hell missed a lot.  The story is entertaining and it plays pretty much like Arkham City, just damn buggs pulling you out of the fun.Totally worth $5 with the buggs."
76561198096039182,Recommended,209000,16588610,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,YEAH,"The prequel to the Batman: Arkham games, this game tells the story of how Batman meets his well-known villans and allies for the first time. The combat and predator systems are back here and still just as good with some added features like the remote claw(a gadget that pulls two objects or people together) and a new enemy type, the martial artist(an enemy that can counter your attacks and you can counter his counters.) The game's story is interesting and has some cool moments. The game has it's fair share of bugs and problems though, most of which got fixed but some still remain with no chance of getting patched. The PC version is good with physX support and TXAA support. Get it when it's on sale."
,Recommended,209000,16767660,"Posted: 28 June, 2015",all,Mad Pyer,Im addicted to this game!you get to run around gotham taking down criminals and supervillainand im obsesed with the Predator challenges its really REALLY worth itthe only thing i dont like is that getting different batman skins is pretty hard but over all its great!
76561198108918119,Recommended,209000,16813480,"Posted: 30 June, 2015",all,Drullar pvpro.com,Why do we fall? So we can learn to stand up.
76561198044713217,Not Recommended,209000,16817761,"Posted: 30 June, 2015",all,Based Steven,"The story is pretty good but the gameplay is trash. Some things are just so annoying that it doesn't make the game fun to play. I felt like it was a chore to start this game and finish it. Asylum and City are fantastic and really fun to play but this game is another story. The game feels like it has these random moments where it is way harder than it should be. Also the game is very bad to tell you how to progress through when you aren't in the open world. I would reccomend saving your money and buy some other game with better reviews. If you desperately want to play it or get the story, it is much cheaper to watch a let's play of it."
,Recommended,209000,16818357,"Posted: 30 June, 2015",all,Kai,Smacked some guy in the face by accident... and he retaliated.10/10
,Recommended,209000,16773599,"Posted: 28 June, 2015",all,LIKEUCARE,"And the Prequel storyline startup with Arkham Origins... now the question is, how does it fit in on this franchise?In my opinion, this game is the weakest of the Arkham series. It felt very much like a copied pasted Arkham City and Arkham Asylum. The story is very lackluster until midway in the game, where it get's interesting once you finally meet the Joker villain. The gameplay mechanic is very similar to Arkham City and I didn't really noticed much differences. Gotham is pretty much the same city map established in Arkham City.So, I'll just sums it up with Pros and Cons... as usual!PROS:+Voice acting is good. The previous Arkham games had better voice acting (Mark Hammill Joker's and Kevin Conroy did Batman) although, A. Origins voice actors are decent (hearing Assassin's Creed Ezio Auditore da Firenze's Roger Craig Smith doing A. Origins Batman's voice was awkward at first! But Troy Baker's Joker was impressive work and I could almost hear Mark Hamill's Joker!).+Solid original soundtrack.+A few new enemies!+Story get's interesting midway till the endgame.CONS:-VERY BUGGY! It's hard to understand how a game got out in such a pitiful state and even 2 years later, it freezes and still crash very often. A few missions couldn't be done until a full game restart since you couldn't ""interrogate a criminal"".-Batman Arkham fatigue. If you have played A. Asylum and A. City, you'll feel this game very much copied pasted from those except a few boss changed. The layout of the map is quite the same as A. City and I mean, if you have played thouroughly in A. City (collected ALL collectibles, done all side stuff, etc.), you won't find anything new here!-Visuals are pretty much the same as Arkham City and I'd even go to say they are downgraded from A. City.-Highly repetitive.-Problematic mission/side mission layout. Gotham is divided in two ""shores"" (North and South). Many missions and side-missions starts in North so you have to head in South, then go back in North. Annoying! At least you do have the Batwing fast travel.-The Riddler's puzzles are mostly the same as A. City!-Story is quite bad and repetitive until midway into the game.OVERALL:Arkham Origins is not a bad game, but in my opinion, it is the weakest of them all (granted, I haven't played Arkham Knight yet). The game has the same gameplay for known fans of the Arkham franchise, so you're in known grounds! Since the game is pretty much the same as A. City, I gave up on all the pointless collectibles and saved time on the story mode instead.RECOMMENDATION:I only recommend to hardcore fans of the Arkham series. For newcomers, play Arkham Asylum and City, then you SHOULD skip this game afterwards. Arkham Origins felt like a huge letdown DLC and gave me big ""Arkham fatigue""; at times, I just wanted to give up and stop but once you reach midway in the story, you may as well just finish it huh!At of this moment, the latest Batman game, Akrham Knight, just released and is one of the most broken game in PC gaming history. Until it gets fixed (give it a few months!) you may give Arkahm Origins a shot, if you need your Batman dose!RATING:6.5 / 10COLD, COLD HEART DLC:Fairly good story DLC that brings you the origins of the coldest of Batman's villains, Mr. Freeze! The DLC is quite linear and doesn't offer you a lot more to do into the 2 available districts that you can explore in South Gotham. Gameplay is similar to A. Origins and this time around, you get a new suit and ""heat"" powers to counter Mr. Freeze goons and himself. I liked the DLC's story and I recommend anyone having the Arkham Origins game to give Cold, Cold Heart DLC a shot!RATING:8.0 / 10"
76561198164320248,Recommended,209000,16826682,"Posted: 1 July, 2015",all,welcome queens,nice try
76561198022885866,Recommended,209000,16483190,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,mutombo,"its fine, but not as good as Asylum or City.many glitches and the map is pretty much Arkham City again with new textures.everything else is ok, i guess."
76561198027352688,Recommended,209000,16484948,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,Otter,Pretty entertaining. It will be a nice hold me over until Arkham Knight comes out.
,Recommended,209000,16489167,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,[BVS] 5COPY,You're batman.
76561198148625959,Recommended,209000,16491104,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,Blackman_Marcus,its alright but it glitches sometimes and no more pateches for broken stuff like glitched trophies
,Not Recommended,209000,16521118,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,Magnusti,"Why write long review from this game? I have been playing previous Arkham games and they're great. This game isn't good, control mechanics and fighting system bugs sometimes. Waiting for Rocksteady's better Batman game. Arkham Knight. This game is a failure for the series. Score: 1/5."
,Not Recommended,209000,16521698,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,Buttato,Ignore the Tag that says Stealth. ♥♥♥♥♥♥ DLC for Arkham City. 10/10 IGN
76561198097584957,Recommended,209000,16527514,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,Chingchangchong,great game hard to get the hang of but once you do its FRIKEN AMAZING!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
76561198111931456,Recommended,209000,16527656,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,FiLa,pretty nice!i do like this game very much!
76561198067349000,Recommended,209000,16530391,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,phantomlrp42,Was a fun game. Picked it up for $4.99 on sale. Not a long game unless you want to do all the side missions. I did the main story only and took around 10 hours.
76561198080704090,Recommended,209000,16535172,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,Tildy,"As you can see from my profile pic I am the Batman, so naturally I recommend this game. However, if you want to make your own judgement, consider the following:Bugs I have found1. Batman becomes indestructible, crashing through the game map and falling into eternity.2. Batman somehow falls off the Pioneer Bridge and triggers the firefly boss fight. He eventually works his way back, but the grapnel point is gone and all he can do is watch bad guys march back and forth through invisible walls, as Firefly calls for them to leave a piece of the bat for him.3. Batman swoops into the Royal Hotel entrance, pleased that no villains stand between him and the Joker. As he lands eight SWAT members poof into being and shoot him dead.4. Batman believes himself to be done with a predator encounter and can't understand why the encounter doesn't end--until he finds five villains crowded at the base of a ladder, pushing each other in an attempt to climb the ladder. Only one of them succeeds, and only after Batman silently takes down the other four.5. During the opening Killer Croc fight, KC continuously flickers in and out of view so at one point Batman is writhing about in the snow, trying to escape from having his face bitten off by nothing.6. Not really a glitch, but it is very amusing how the shock gloves make already-unconscious enemies fly in the air, so in the background of a finishing takedown you can see a passed-out guy sailing through the air and crashing into a dumpster.8. Not one but two Enigma informers fail to file the necessary paperwork to have his interrogate cue renewed, so that Batman is forced to leave the pair of them cowering and pleading not to be pummelled as he goes to hunt for collectables on his own.9. On that note, an informer who runs up to Batman, punches him in the head, then throws up his hands and surrenders with no other interaction.10. Fast travel that is in fact not very fast, and sometimes breaks entirely, leaving Batman to fly endlessly onward into the snow.11. After completely story mode I visited My Alibi. Upon entering the back room, all wall and floor models dropped out, and now Batman is doomed to fall forever through a sea of black with a pile of floating bad guys and two guys crouching and flinching in mid-air.But1. You can actually fight Killer Croc this time, rather than bonk him in the head with a Bat-gadget every few yards or sprint away from him like some kind of Bat-gazelle.2. There are finally different types of random rescues to do (rather than one guy always intimidating one guy, which is basically an excuse to do a silent takedown every half hour).3. There is Alfred the Butler.4. Although this game is woefully lacking in Mark Hamills and Kevin Conroys, the two replacement actors are serviceable.5. The last boss ""fight"" is extremely cathartic.6. Periodic Batman TAS references for us millenial kiddies.7. A female character who fights without constantly flirting with Janet Jackson's wardrobe malfunction? Count me in!8.  French Canadian Christmas carolers.9. Quickly, Chief O'Hara, to the Bat-phone!10. For others like me who cut their teeth on stop-motion cartoons, Alfred Pennyworth is played by Martin Jarvis, aka the guy who did all the voices in Huxley Pig. For some reason I find this unbearable adorable.Basically a game for people who love the Batman world enough to overlook more bugs than an entomology convention at Firefly's house."
,Recommended,209000,16536342,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,The™ Baron,"The first half of Batman: Arkham Origins is ""good enough"" for an Arkham game. The second half, I'd argue, is better than Arkham City."
76561198104108219,Recommended,209000,16537934,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,Scriptsy0,Not as good as Arkham City but definitely a fun game.
76561198004996759,Recommended,209000,16544856,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,Letozzzz,Best game ever.
76561198012530880,Recommended,209000,16547750,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,d-FOUR,Not my favourite in the franchise but non the less it looks and feels like a batman game and thats all that matters.
,Recommended,209000,16454955,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,status7628,have not finished it yet fully through but its a great game so far cant wait for the arkham knight
,Recommended,209000,15498113,"Posted: 22 April, 2015",all,blujay,"Great gamelots of side missions, longish story, awesome stealth missions and fluid combat.only down side is there wasnt alot of improvements from arkham city and that there are a fair amount of gitchesthis game is lots of fun and you should pick it up today just play the 2 games before it so that you can get a got feel for the controls because this game is a little bit harder then the rest."
76561198164783594,Recommended,209000,17458505,"Posted: 9 August, 2015",all,Weasel,"Best game ever. I felt like i was in the movie playing this, its got amazing everything and tons of stuff to do. :)"
76561198135141130,Recommended,209000,17459450,"Posted: 9 August, 2015",all,MK,Good points:-> Fun boss battles (one with deathstroke was one of the most satisfying boss battles i've had in a long time)> Interesting story line> fun gameplayBad Points:-> 30% of the main bad guys you don't even have to fight or anything (they're side missions) which to me was majorly dissapointing> Short game for main completion (8 hours to finish story line)> Ending was abrupt (I didn't even know it had finished cause I still hadn't fought some of the main bad guys)> The epic fight in the trailer is no where to be seen and that was the main reason I bought the game...Overall I'd say 5/10
,Recommended,209000,17408664,"Posted: 5 August, 2015",all,Dr. Doop,"Great graphics, Fluid controls, and great story make this a great game. Includes a twist i was not expecting which makes it even better."
,Recommended,209000,17410985,"Posted: 6 August, 2015",all,Mara Jadewind,I'm Batman !
76561198071224930,Not Recommended,209000,16910645,"Posted: 6 July, 2015",all,YS2D,"Bug crashes the game, currently no fix for it. This is a widespread issue for many people. I can't believe they are still selling it, since there is no known fix. Very disappointed, since I liked what I was able to play for a short time."
,Recommended,209000,16913552,"Posted: 6 July, 2015",all,Sonko the Horg,Not up to par with the rocksteady games but its by no means a bad game. I reccomend it if you liked city for the gameplay more than the atmosphere.
,Not Recommended,209000,16905641,"Posted: 5 July, 2015",all,DasYellerDog,"This seires went from ""Metal Gear Batman"" to ""Indigo Prophecy"" very quickly. Two horrible 'crime scene reconstruction' sequences and I'm done here."
,Not Recommended,209000,16882684,"Posted: 4 July, 2015",all,NMD,Worst controls ever
,Recommended,209000,16886964,"Posted: 4 July, 2015",all,OtoriHannibal,"Lots of good Arkham fun! A slight deviation from the feel of the previous two Rocksteady games, including some new takedowns, abilities and cutscenes that make you feel pretty Batman-y.Only thing that irks me is the difference in quality between the cutscenes and gameplay. Other than that though, the new boss battles are generally pretty fun!"
76561198113281913,Recommended,209000,13086123,"Posted: 25 November, 2014",all,DANGerousTony,"First hour of the game, it was cool after that it was pretty lame until the last 6 hours. When you encounter the joker, well it s where the fun starts. There s some bug and the gameplay mechanic didn t step up from the last game and maybe a step down. But overall it might be a dissapointment in the arkham serie but it is still a great game. 8/10"
,Recommended,209000,16892135,"Posted: 5 July, 2015",all,John Doe,"Ce jeux est vraiment magnifique, un tres bon Gameplay et de tres bon graphismes le jeux tournes tres bien malgré quelue bug toujours présent !"
,Recommended,209000,17467300,"Posted: 9 August, 2015",all,michaeljrmj,"This game is ok.. it's story is good but the open world is too boring i think. Also the side missions are really easy. Although the combat is annoying because you have less time to react to enemies when they're about to hit you. The Bane fights♥♥♥♥♥♥me off, you can do that evade move all you ♥♥♥♥ing want he'll still hit you one good time for no reason"
,Recommended,209000,17468910,"Posted: 10 August, 2015",all,PatrocleFrumuselul56,It has nice graphics and good story . Its a really nice game if you like the Batman Arkham storyline.
76561198008979529,Not Recommended,209000,17476993,"Posted: 10 August, 2015",all,diquet,"I cant play this game, it drives me mad!  the sound is totall out of sync!   what should happen is when a conversation is in focus ithere is no audio - this includes all cutscenes.  Then bizzarely, as I turn away and the conversation is out of focus i can hear everything crystal clear!  I get all other sound effects, just not the dialogue.  Like watching a film on mute!  No fix available for it and until this is resolved, its money down the drain!  Unfortunate as I've enjoyed the other Arkham games!"
76561198066569408,Recommended,209000,17394687,"Posted: 4 August, 2015",all,gta_fan,"I love the Batman Arkham games...bought Origins, the only way I can beat the assassins is to use a 'trainer' program (I only use the Enemies Can Not Move, One Hit Kills, and Infinite Health (for the assassins))Only way I could play this game on this PC without the game crashing was to turn everything off or lowest setting"
76561198190090665,Recommended,209000,17747989,"Posted: 27 August, 2015",all,tedjcolby,Most excellent. Enjoyed myself thoroughly.
76561198078830918,Recommended,209000,17737546,"Posted: 27 August, 2015",all,Sheisty Individual,Very Goooood game!too easy to take out numerous assailants though. my 5 years old nephew can spam X andget away with it...Riddler trophies? are you kiddin me? too many of them and for what? an artwork i dont really care about? not worth the trouble.Still when you re familiar with all the techniques the game has to offer you can definitely kick some♥♥♥♥♥and enjoy it. I did.
,Recommended,209000,17604013,"Posted: 18 August, 2015",all,"""Captain"" Hair",I really wish batman kept electro-fists later on in his life.8.5/10
76561198033151940,Recommended,209000,17606305,"Posted: 18 August, 2015",all,Dee,"I recommend only fans of batman arkham series who wants more, because there is nothing new (be fair there is 9 crime scenes you can investigate). It was fun play as batman and thats what you get, lots of enemies and boss fights, side quests and stories to uncover and of corse graphics looks good. Somehow I was disepointed, main story dont gets me like before, its just doesnt work like the two games before to me. 7/10"
,Recommended,209000,17608972,"Posted: 18 August, 2015",all,Joseph Stalin's Moustache,"Is good.  Honestly, I can only give this a high score because I've been on a Batman Arkham binge play.  I really just wanted more Batman and I can't say I didn't enjoy this.  It isn't nearly as great as Asylum or City, but hell, I liked it.  It could've been a lot more, with a lot of villains in the game being sidelined to optional side missions, like the Riddler, and the game seeming to end very abruptly after what seemed like a long game (IMO it was long.  Maybe it actually just FELT long because it wasn't as fun?  I don't know..).   Buy this on sale if you want more Batman.Because I'm in a good mood, I'd say 7.5/10"
76561198115710080,Recommended,209000,17489283,"Posted: 11 August, 2015",all,Frostshire,"The game was very well put together and the mechanics are great escpecially when using an xbox adaptable remote or gampad. Story line is also very interesting but there is also a lot of collectibles and extras which keep the game which keep the game interesting up to a certain point. For example, there is more data for  collectibles and extras than there is for the actual story in the game.The upgrading system is also easy to use. Overall, 10/10."
,Recommended,209000,17717225,"Posted: 25 August, 2015",all,Willy the Wendigo,So I figured out that everything I learned about aerodynamics in my physics class doesn't apply to batman's universe.10/10 would punch a criminal into the ground only for him to bounce 300 meters into the air again
,Not Recommended,209000,17722106,"Posted: 26 August, 2015",all,Krackin Lackin,Meh. . Finished it and didn't even realise it.
76561198212123956,Recommended,209000,17544050,"Posted: 14 August, 2015",all,JEWRASSIC PARK,amazing game tho nit as good as arkham city or asylum
,Recommended,209000,17546393,"Posted: 14 August, 2015",all,blackranger.ryan,"Not that bad of a game. Sucks that some of the voice actors changed, but a pretty decent game non the less."
76561197971387196,Not Recommended,209000,17548302,"Posted: 15 August, 2015",all,BloodRayne001,"Annoying and near unbeatable bosses, mousekilling QTE's... cheap gameplay elements in the boss fights which make them frustrating instead of exilerating like the other titles. Definitely a miss for me. Restarted 3 times to see if it was just my mood, but after the third time I opted for a deinstall. Too bad I can't sell it."
,Recommended,209000,16957635,"Posted: 9 July, 2015",all,Karsten,"Excellent game that only tries to take the Arkham City formula and improve upon it, not trying anything groundbreaking. I've ran across 2 bugs that caused me to either fall out of the world or be stopped from advancing the plot but a reload fixed it. The story itself is set a while before 2009's Arkham Asylum, evidenced by the fact that Batman has no idea who the Joker is and Barbara Gordon isn't crippled by him yet. The glue grenades introduced are literally a carbon copy of the ice grenades from Arkham City. The one tool that makes a difference in this game are the Electrocutioner's shock gloves, usable inside (after attaining a certain streak, making you vastly stronger) and outside (powering up generators akin to the shock gun in City) of combat. I went semi-completionist, an hour or three more and I would have completed it 100%. Total playtime is about 24 hours."
76561197996600197,Recommended,209000,16958910,"Posted: 9 July, 2015",all,SnowFrogY,Great Game !
76561198136205859,Recommended,209000,16960630,"Posted: 9 July, 2015",all,BrisketBear,Has any one else noticed that Batman's right arm is absurdly larger than his left in game?12/10 would play as wonky caped arm wrestler crusader again.
76561198059791889,Recommended,209000,16896013,"Posted: 5 July, 2015",all,Lordjoro,"Developers: WHat should we do with the sequel to Batman arkham city?That one guy: expand itDevelopers: okIt's basicly the same game just with a bigger map, new story and some new gameplay upgradesStill enjoyble and worth paying full price for if you're a fan"
,Recommended,209000,16900314,"Posted: 5 July, 2015",all,Bijuvi ツ,"It's Batman. What ever you do, you can't mess up Batman."
76561198028624576,Not Recommended,209000,18339004,"Posted: 5 October, 2015",all,Fantome Dorient,"Boring game. Every time you enter a building, after finishing the job,you need to get out from the same route!!! I just spent my time on in order to finish the main story, deleted right after finishing. Better spend your money on Shadow of mordor."
,Recommended,209000,18340617,"Posted: 5 October, 2015",all,Nj Grant (Ghost Cloud),"Great game but the thing is for most people who do have a hard time finding a mission. Do not reset your computers once you're on the mission or the next. You will discover a bug which you'll lose a green view point. Then have to find your way back to the story from where you start off. So remember, exit before you leave or finish the game."
76561198085407770,Not Recommended,209000,18399709,"Posted: 9 October, 2015",all,Theseus12,"I'll be honest here. I did not finish this game. The game went smoothly enough until my fight with Killer Croc, and I suffered all manner of glitches then. Sound cutting out, Killer Croc turning LITERALLY INVISIBLE, and sometimes my entire screen would go black. 4/10. Needs patches."
76561198047756016,Recommended,209000,18451325,"Posted: 12 October, 2015",all,NK_CD8,"Still minor bugs, easy to play, decent story"
,Recommended,209000,18454919,"Posted: 13 October, 2015",all,LightClow|Reihys [FGO],More Boss :)
,Recommended,209000,18444579,"Posted: 12 October, 2015",all,Haru,"Fighting minions: HardBoss battle: EasyEspecially slade, even though he's easy to beat, the battle is really intense!9/10"
,Not Recommended,209000,18287943,"Posted: 2 October, 2015",all,PantheRed,"Its continuist and incoherent within the franchise's canon, obviously made only to win more money with the trademark"
76561198108097749,Recommended,209000,18288205,"Posted: 2 October, 2015",all,[GM] Executioner,Awesome Batman game. Looks clean!
,Recommended,209000,8535842,"Posted: 3 January, 2014",all,Dargost,I like The Batman series of Games this one is good i like they started it when no one knew batman was real...this game plays like the other games only with different graphics..but for now this game is very buggy..mostly sound some graphics problems i hope they patch up..the game looks awesome with DX11 and the story videos are very very impressive.Im going to play this one ..play assylum again and then A city again and finish it ..i hope they have more batman games
,Recommended,209000,8991896,"Posted: 5 February, 2014",all,satsun,"I played this game for 22 hours and somehow felt that it was too short. I guess you could say that's a good thing but I wasn't sure that I was actually finishing the game when I did. This game has side quests, and I don't mean collecting hidden things, so that was something different from the previous games.I like to call this a ""classic"" Arkham game because it plays just like the others. This is the prequel to the other two Arkham games. I enjoyed it and I liked beating up on people. After you beat the game you can go back in and complete other objectives so I'll definitely do that."
,Recommended,209000,8992293,"Posted: 5 February, 2014",all,cuzalino,"I like it. but I feel, like many others, that this was rushed out to make more money. they should of taken a little more time to iron the bugs out. it can be annoying at times, but its still pretty cool due to it having the same awesome game mechanics as the previous 2. it's the least-best one in the series by far. the team who took this on could of worked more into it. WB Montreal suck!!! 6/10"
76561198069157299,Recommended,209000,8607390,"Posted: 7 January, 2014",all,dren_ra,"Arkham Origins doesn't feel as well put together as the other installments in the series. Although, it is still a great game. Loved the UI tweaks that they made as well as the expanded detective cases you can investigate. Multiplayer is fun if you give it a chance. Kind of hard to find a full room to start a match though. Challenge maps are pretty much the same, albeit now you can play as Deathstroke. Who is basically a reskinned Robin. All in all, your still Batman beating thugs to a pulp with your bare hands!"
,Recommended,209000,8972021,"Posted: 4 February, 2014",all,TheAmberNectar,Amazing game!
,Not Recommended,209000,7524878,"Posted: 30 October, 2013",all,Mr_Bennigans,"I enjoyed it at first, but then it dragged on and on. The more I played it, the less I wanted to play it. The combat, gadgets, and skills are basically copy/pasted from Arkham City. The story is new, but isn't very good.The game rehashes a number of storytelling devices used in AA and AC. Where they felt natural and at times truly awesome in the previous games, they fall flat in Arkham Origins. A few of the voice actors give good performances, but most sound like they're phoning it in.Arkham Origins fails to recapture the magic of the previous games and is a colossal disappointment overall."
,Not Recommended,209000,8940363,"Posted: 1 February, 2014",all,B00giep1mp,"I LOVE the Batman games, unfortunately this is the worst of the three.  Slow story and boring gameplay mesh together to form a game that is meh!  Let me state again, I LOVE the Batman games but this one inspires the least amount of love from me."
,Not Recommended,209000,8959177,"Posted: 2 February, 2014",all,Cliff,"I was very dissappointed by this one. While it carries a lot of the previous elements from the last 2 installments; it falls flat on it's face, as a cheap clone. This (hopefully final) installment, of the Arkham franchise, feels as if it was too rushed. The story was cheaply written. At this point the Joker wasn't as menacing (very predictable). *SPOILER ALERT* Mark Hamill retired his Joker. We have a new set of voice actors that seem to do the job, but fall short in many areas. The last two felt like an adult, sort of Nolan-take on the Animated Series, while this one just felt wrong. Like if someone had replaced the Nolan Joker, with a B-grade actor KNOWING FULL WELL THAT LEDGER HAD DIED. Fortunately, Christopher Nolan knew not to do that. Unfortunately, this game was designed for one purpose; to milk as much money as possible, from a loyal fanbase. Oh yeah and not to mention the poor scripting. DID ANYONE ELSE SEE ALL OF THOSE GLITCHES ? Don't buy, and if you must; be patient for a sale. Wait until it's 99-100% off.Also for reference (As if it matters)  Arkham Asylum, I give it 8.7 out of 10; Arkham City, I give it 9.3 out of 10; Arkham Origins I give it a 4.7 out of 10."
,Recommended,209000,7772998,"Posted: 26 November, 2013",all,Dino,"Amazing game, non-stop action, brilliant villains side missions and boss battles, few bugs. Not game breaking. WB's support for this game is very good"
,Recommended,209000,8943558,"Posted: 1 February, 2014",all,Ravedge✔,Excellent story line and emersion.....Highly recommend all the Batman series as they NEVER have let me down.
,Recommended,209000,9610456,"Posted: 23 March, 2014",all,HereticRex,"This game is a huge letdown compared to the other ""Arkham"" games. While the story is fun to run through, the gameplay really doesn't present anything new. Repetitive battles and disappointing boss fights make this game less than it could be. On the plus side you see the origin of the Joker in this universe as well as the ability to fly around Gotham."
76561198119681418,Recommended,209000,9610790,"Posted: 23 March, 2014",all,Ahd,this i s now the best game i ever played becasue you could be frickking deathsrtroke and you can be a damn bane thugyoui can be batman and kick some villian @#$ all ynou want anyday anytime anywhere
,Recommended,209000,7477607,"Posted: 25 October, 2013",all,SirRizky,"Best action game I have ever played, I really recommend it."
,Recommended,209000,9628522,"Posted: 25 March, 2014",all,MrViti,"Having played the prior Arkham games, I can say this one is my favorite so far. The gameplay is nearly identical to the prior games, and it makes it easier to jump into and play with all that prior experience. The story is deep and rich, just like the prior Arkham City. The graphics are amazing. I think I shloud have boucht the Season Pass, but time will tell if the DLC warrants such."
76561198121639176,Recommended,209000,9640888,"Posted: 26 March, 2014",all,Reclaimer,"Batman: Arkham Origins is the third installment in the legendary Arkham series, and a lot of skeptisism surrounded the release of Origins, as it was being developed by WB Games, rather than Rocksteady, the creators of the series. I have to say, given the time and resources they had, it's not all that bad. Now, for the long-time fans of the series, this game was a bit of a letdown, but as I said before, it's not a big surprise. Origins is essentially a copy of Arkham City, with a slightly bigger world and some altered mechanics. The boss fights were reduced to combinations of punching and countering, and were basically upgraded thugs. The Most Wanted system for side missions took all of the mystery and continuous searching out of the game, and basically handed you a location and a group of enemies. Now, for the first-time player of the Arkham series, the game is great. It's well optimized, it has great graphics, and an okay story. Now, story. The most important part of a Batman game. WB Games decided yet again to make the main villain someone who, (without giving spoilers) has appeared in all previous games, and is getting a little stale. It's understandable, because WB Games was trying to more continue the series, rather than innovate it. All in all, Arkham Origins is okay, but I would highly reccomend Arkham City, as the boss fights and side missions are much better. I would rate Batman: Arkham Origins a 6/10."
76561198034767175,Recommended,209000,7623381,"Posted: 10 November, 2013",all,[RR] Herdkiller,"Continuing the Arkham series, this time with a prequel set about two years into Batman's career. With the Bat still making mistakes due to inexperience and not controlling his anger, Black Mark hires eight assassins to tk kill him on Christmas Eve. Although some reviewers have criticised the developers for playing safe, a great story unfolds to the backdrop of a map four times the size of Arkham City. Bringing a fresh approach to all the things that made the previous games excellent,  this is a great addition to the series."
76561198103941202,Recommended,209000,9584159,"Posted: 21 March, 2014",all,Trustybeast7744,Amazing
76561197974018903,Not Recommended,209000,9584358,"Posted: 21 March, 2014",all,Whoolighams,"After the amazing Asylum and even better City I was ready for whatever came next from the Arkham series, but much like Assassin's Creed 3 there was so much potential hurt by unnecessary tweaks to combat and a too-early release. The main problem I have is that combat is a complete chore. At first I thought it was because I hadn't played any of the games in the series for a while but I went back to replay Arkham City and it still had the same amazing feel that it always did. In Arkham Origins enemies have super speed and half the time when I try to do the exact prompt on the screen it ignores the action: for example ""hold Ctrl+left mouse for a ground takedown"", which makes Batman ineffecively stand there doing the ""missed counter"" animation. Detective work is still fun, the Silent Predator aspect is mostly intact, but when it's an aggravation to fight enemies the game wears thin fast. Replay the first two, read a summary of the (actually very interesting) plot, and hope they fix♥♥♥♥♥♥for Arkham Knight."
76561197968621542,Recommended,209000,7517521,"Posted: 29 October, 2013",all,Burne,"Why are none of my friends playing this? Hopefully all your fools are playing the console version. New team, little innovation, but still one of the best games I've played htis year."
76561198004028296,Not Recommended,209000,8747800,"Posted: 17 January, 2014",all,aktiGuglhupf [AUT],"part 3 .. the worst ...some bugs in quests so that you can not make to the endsound often crashes (restart!)after each battle with death stroke I have to restart the game (the door for the output never goes on ...)death stroke is the best and toughest opponents I find and unfortunately the first boss):the game also crashes often (part 1 & 2 worked perfectly, no bugs no crashes)bigger map than part 2 haha soooo big the map is not, and which are fast travel stations unnecessarily I think ...very short play timeNO RIDDLER PUZZLE ?!?! ARE YOU CRAZY !?!?Conclusion .. yes you can buy it, but you do not ... buy part 1 & 2 and forget part 3 .. you will not miss a thing .."
,Recommended,209000,8812456,"Posted: 22 January, 2014",all,FoXy,"Batman:Arkham Origins is pretty good prequel of Akham Series. Gameplay based on previos Arkham games and he actually don't need any changes though, it not so well-balanced like in AA or AC, but still it best Batman videogame. Main advantage of Arkham Origins it's his plot and characters. Story is really great and seriosly hooked you. And perfect actor's perfomance absolutly cosolidate it. You still don't know who Troy Baker is? Well you not my friend anymore:joker:.8.5/10. I reccomended this game to everyone."
,Recommended,209000,8814012,"Posted: 22 January, 2014",all,Wolfstronaut,"a lot of people say that Arkham Origins is too much like its predecessors, and therefore is not ""fun"" to play. While the game mechanics and setting are fairly similar to previous Batman romps, the game's story and character development is top notch and unlike the previous two. Cut scenes are an actuall reward to watch. Troy Baker does an excellent Joker."
,Not Recommended,209000,8797821,"Posted: 21 January, 2014",all,South Bend Shovel Slayer,"For me Batman: Arkham Origins answered a question I didn’t know I had asked, which is “How many times can a game do the exact same thin and get away with it?” The answer being is apparently 2.  Though I have always been a fan of the Batman games, this outing offers up a story that is hard to care about and the same gameplay you have come to expect from the rest of the current generation of Batman games.SNOREGASM.Buy it if you want, if you played one, you have played them all.  I would say for better or for worse, but this time it manages to be for worse."
,Recommended,209000,8729084,"Posted: 16 January, 2014",all,Joey Jojo,"Not as good as arkham city but still a fun experience. My main problem with this game is that gotham feels a bit empty and even though arkhkam city was technically pretty empty too, it was still very colorful and looked alive while the gotham city we get to explore in arkham origins is pretty gray and dull to be honest. The gameplay is pretty much the same as in the other arkham games however in this game they added a few new things like the police radio which pretty much tells you at random times about crimes that are taking place somewhere in gotham. The game then allows you to go stop the beforementioned crimes aka beat up a bunch of enemies. They also improved the crime scenes making them a bigger part of the game which is neat since batman is after all a detective. The story is perhaps not as interesting as the story in the arkham city but its still decent however it doesn't really tie in a whole lot with the previous games and the title arkham origins doesn't actually make sense since arkham asylum is only mentioned and isn't a big part of the story. Overall I'd say arkham origins is worth your time if you're a fan of the batman arkham games. I give it 6 out of 10 bats"
76561198037645116,Recommended,209000,8906575,"Posted: 29 January, 2014",all,Mexicutioner,"I've played both Arkham City and Asylum but Batman Arkham Origins is my favorite.  My favorite part is batman looks like the Batman from TDK movie trilogy!  I don't care what the critics say about the story, I thought it was the best of all three games.  I admit I was a bit turned off after Batman Arkham City (which I didn't really care for) but this was a nice surprise."
,Recommended,209000,8918973,"Posted: 31 January, 2014",all,FFS_Cybermat47,"An amazing open world experience, with the thrill, hardships and insanity of being Gotham's protector. Highly recommended to all gamers."
76561197962561784,Recommended,209000,13563277,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,Penguin Bartender,"While the story is nice enough, the game *IS* glitchy and full of design flaws (the boss fights mostly). For $5 I felt it was a decent return on my investment."
,Recommended,209000,13563564,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,TwizzlerFiesta,"It takes a slightly higher processor to run than the other Arkham games, but even so, if you don't have such a fantastic processor, it will still run well enough to beat it. For me, the cutscenes are lagtastic - the audio is perfect, but the video lags behind the audio. Not a pleasurable experience. The combat is the same if not better than the other Arkham games, yet the story is just as good. I thoroughly enjoy this game.Spoilers!Even after you complete the story, New Game Plus is even more than I had expected. I didn't have the glue grenades when I beat the game the first time, I got those the second time around. It confused me at first, but that's what online guides are for, no?I do recommend playing the other games before this one. I really enjoy the extremely large and open world in this game. You aren't limited to just a small island as you are in Arkham Asylum, and there are no areas you cannot easily access like there were in Arkham City. The developers finally learned that players don't want to be limited to where they can go for little or no reason, and so they took that limitation out of this one.I would absolutely recommend this game to anyone with a good enough computer. Always read the requirements!!!"
,Not Recommended,209000,13565883,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,afifazzazel,Recycled GOTY.
76561198016578669,Recommended,209000,13510933,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,Who Gives A Shit !,"Like the previous two, amazing."
76561198067803171,Recommended,209000,13512336,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,[474] BlackTyphoon,"This game is very good, but I would recommend you play it on console. The controls for this game on PC are god awful, theyre constantly conflicting with eachother, a perfect example of this is the ground take down move (lctrl+right mouse) Right mouse is also the counter move so when I try to do a ground take down he just shimmys over the body doing the counter stance 80% of the time. (this isnt just me, thousands of people have this probelm.)Im only recommending this to console players."
,Not Recommended,209000,13513357,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,Shacks,"Batman: Arkham Origins proudly tries to stand on the shoulders of giants, but ultimately falls short of its predecessors. Origins is the third installment of the highly praised Arkham series; a series that has shown Batman, at long last, finding success in the video game world. Rocksteady did a wonderful job making him a force to be reckoned with, as well as show his smarter, more investigate side of him. Also, up until now they did a great job of spreading out the many villains Batman has over the last few games.Arkham Origins, unfortunately, feels like a simple copy and paste of the other games. It leans heavily on borrowed elements that made Arkham Asylum and City great. It’s sad to see since the Arkham series is arguably, not only the best of Batman video games, but maybe the best superhero licensed video games we have had. Origins simply rides the coattails of its predecessors in a cheap cash grab from WB Games."
76561198114544384,Not Recommended,209000,13490213,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,Radovan,5 bucks and still regretful
,Not Recommended,209000,13514451,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,Harambae,I have over the requirementas for this game to run but it runs maybe 10 frames when I load up the game... I cannot even make it passed the the tutorial on how to play this game and it so far was a waste of money
,Recommended,209000,13517403,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,CJBael,"It's Batman, you play as Batman, 'nuff said!"
,Recommended,209000,13557699,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,n3Ca hellcase.com wildcase.com,I was never really a Batman fan but after this game i absolutely love him.If you want to have 30+ hours of fun this is the game to buyHighly recommanded !
,Recommended,209000,13557993,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,MrShiftyPotato,"I have played all the batman games and loved them, this one is no exception. but their are a few things i don't like:1) Some of the Thugs got clipped through walls and i had to restart the misson. (This doesn't all ways happen but it's happend twice allready)2) It's not the best out of all the Arkam games. this is caused to what feels to me like a 5 hour game, it's really enjoyable but it finshes to fast"
76561198045137188,Not Recommended,209000,13558342,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,TheTyBurger96,"This game would be awesome, except for a few fatal flaws.1. The cutscenes sound and video don't line up, and when the sound ends, you're greeted with a black screen which lasts for the remainder of the video.2. Glitchy and laggy, especially during boss fights.3. Fast travel takes so long to load that you might as well walk.Overall, this feels more like a demo or maybe a work in progress, not a game that's been out for 14 months. I wouldn't recomend this one to anyone I know. It can't even come close to comparing to the other two in the series."
76561198079111729,Recommended,209000,13559023,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,KadoPipe,If you like the previous titles in the series...this game most definetly fits the bill
,Not Recommended,209000,13559166,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,Eoiski Poiski Lemon Squoski,"Ultimately, this game isnt great. But it couldve been terrible/much better. Coding is dreadful, the game is still full of annoying bugs and some gameplay elements are beyond appaling and arbitary. Its feels like a fan mod. BUT ""some"" of the boss fights are the challenge that was lacking in the previous installments, and ""some"" story elements do well and are reminiscent of the WB cartoon.Would I recommend ultimately?No, Ive come away more frustrated than Id ever intend to when enjoying a game. Its not mediocre, but the bad points outweigh the good. If you enjoy the art of game design, this will have you trying to twist your controller in half with frustration"
,Recommended,209000,13561428,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,Strike THE DINOSAUR,"Awesome Game, Fun only down side when you finsish it multiplayer is pretty dead :("
,Recommended,209000,14248893,"Posted: 30 January, 2015",all,RetroVertigo,"More great crime fighting action with the dark knight, it's not as fantastic as the the previous games but it's still an excellent addition to the series!"
76561198176285027,Recommended,209000,14252610,"Posted: 30 January, 2015",all,nicholassantiago0709,"omg this ♥♥♥♥ing game is awesome. I have played this on my Xbox, but the disk go scrached up so i was not able to play it anymore, but this version is way better for me just because I'm on my computer all the time. At first it gets a little bit difficult memmorizing the basic moves and♥♥♥♥♥♥ but once u get the hang of it, u will have a blast! basically i most definitely recommend this video game =)."
76561197983821179,Recommended,209000,14254690,"Posted: 30 January, 2015",all,End Please,"Nothing exceptional, but good."
,Recommended,209000,13983118,"Posted: 14 January, 2015",all,eltee,"(8/10)Just as much fun as previous editions, with just as much random mayhem to beat your way through and puzzles to solve.  Unfortunately slightly more bugs than the previous outing (I had a number of hard-crashes this time around that required full reboots).The overall experience is worth it though, especially if you enjoyed the previous batman game outings."
,Recommended,209000,13888102,"Posted: 7 January, 2015",all,Carbone,
76561197965258653,Recommended,209000,8835913,"Posted: 24 January, 2014",all,Ben (Mbweha),"Although Arkham Origins takes the Batman series to the most open world it has seen, it provides the weakest story of the trilogy. Did I still enjoy playing it? Yes. Will I continue to play it to 100% completion? Still yes. I'm only saying that when compared to its predecessors, it falls short.Fun new things in this game: martial artists, quick travel, interactive batcave, shock gloves, in game achievements.Terrible new things in this game: painfully bugged side-scrolling sequences, weak main storyline, tedious crime scenes, impotent joker origin story."
,Recommended,209000,8837768,"Posted: 24 January, 2014",all,Jack Bauer,DUH!
76561198069763207,Recommended,209000,8688443,"Posted: 12 January, 2014",all,M2K,Origins doesn't add much to the Arkham formula but the story is nice and the gameplay is solid. The only downside to orgins is it feels more like dlc than an actual new game but it's still a solid buy for those who already enjoy the games.
76561197996245179,Recommended,209000,8688540,"Posted: 12 January, 2014",all,Winning is for Losers,"Unless you REALLY want more Arkham series Stories, don't botherIt's basically repackaged game, and multiplayer sucks because of no population and bad mechanics."
,Recommended,209000,8705218,"Posted: 14 January, 2014",all,Frothy Palms,I'm Batman!
76561197974686079,Recommended,209000,8433421,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,Legend,Best out of the 3.
,Recommended,209000,8436013,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,Kajata,"Starts similarly to Arkham City, but rapidly ramps up to something very much its own and very much excellent!"
,Recommended,209000,8437891,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,Abysswalker,Fffff
76561197980172412,Recommended,209000,8439021,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,Hipposaur,It's kinda like the other games. a lot.
76561198033115470,Recommended,209000,8585003,"Posted: 5 January, 2014",all,Vidicus,"When it comes to story, Arkham Origins would be the Metal Gear Solid 3 of the Arkham Franchies. This game takes place befroe the events of Arkham Asylum, exploring the character Batman and his enemies during the earlier years of his career. A few things are explained, such as why Bane acts so ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ throughout the other Arkham Games, and how the ""Arkham"" legacy first began. Overall, this game's story is beautifully done, and I really love the way the villains are handled. Bane is fantastic in this game, as he has yet to suffer from what would make him ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥, and the writers even managed to make The Joker segments entertaining, which is quite the feat given how many times we have seen the villain in the past ten years alone.Now, let's talk about the gameplay of Arkham Origins.Arkham Origins gameplay is nearly 100% identical to Arkham City, which is good considering this game is a sequel. Unfortunately, the small percentage that isn't included in that statement is somewhat problematic. The first thing I noticed when playing this game is that the combat seemed slightly less responsive than in previous installments, this being most noticeable when you are either trying to counter enemy attacks, or hit them before they hit you. I'm not sure whether this is because the developers slightly changed the timing of some things in combat, or the game doesn't respond to my inputs fast enough, but you will notice the difference if you have played the previous title.Second: Predator Mode. The other Arkham games were advertised as Steatlh Action Adventure, and while this game still earns that classification, there is a MAJOR lack of Predator Mode segments in this game. Not to say they don't exist, because they do, and they are very fun, but compared to the other two titles, Predator Mode is somewhat missed in this game. It's a shame this is the case, as the few times it is featured throughout the game, there are pretty interesting situations to make the segments more challenging. Invisible mines will blow up on the perches (Gargoyles are not common in this game) and there is more interaction with the environment.My final gripe with this game, and this is the biggest of them all, is the bugs. Unless the game has been patched since I wrote this, you are going to bump into A LOT of bugs in this game. Now, I was able to get past all of them (though a game-breaking one required me to reinstall the game) and if you are patient, they will not make the game unplayable. But they will definetly happen, and they will be annoying.Overall, I give this game roughly a 7/10. While it didn't really introduce anything new to the Arkham series, it stands on its own pretty well, and is overall what you would expect out of a sequel. Despite its many flaws and shortcomings, it is very fun to play, and quite satisfying as a part of the Arkham Franchise. If not for the bugs, I would consider giving the game a 8/10.If I were able to go back and tell myself about this game, I would say to not pay more than 20$ for it."
,Recommended,209000,8470187,"Posted: 31 December, 2013",all,Deus Ex Machina,"This game is awesome!  I know some folks said that they didn't like the fact that Gotham wasn't really populated with people, and that was easily remedied when there was a PA announcement in-game where Gotham PD said for everyone to stay indoors because there is a curfew due to the unusually large amount of crime activity.  But if you like being The BATMAN, then you can be The BATMAN!  Great game, plays well, and the music will draw you in to the point where if you are a batman fan like me, you will get goose bumps!"
,Recommended,209000,8413457,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,JayMoyles,"Whilst it certainly doesn't reach the heady heights of its predecessors, Arkham Origins is still the same Batman fun. The plot is a little slow to get going, but once a certain clown rears his head the story becomes engaging. Factor in a host of villains (some great, most forgettable), the tried and tested combat system and some fancy new gadgets and you've got a pretty great game on your hands.Those expecting something totally fresh should steer clear - those looking for the same great Arkham experience should jump right in."
76561198076749827,Recommended,209000,8415393,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,joeytd1994,This Is A Great!!! Prequel 2 Arkham Asylum & Arkham City If Yu Love Batman Y'll Love This One The Stories Pretty Good! And Interesting! and Even Though it's Not Devoloped By RockSteady! Warner Brothers & Warner Brothers Montreal Still Did A Great Job On This Game! And Pretty Enjoyable And The Gameplay is Pretty Decent! and The Graphics Omg! Gorgeous!  8/10
76561197970411113,Recommended,209000,8417581,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,Airman Parker,"Early bugs are discouraging.  Seems to have issues with certain video set-ups.  I have to disable directx 11 features to play on my 570gtx sli setup.  Finally got it working once I realized I could not use any Directx 11 features that work in every other game.        Than I got to the first boss Croc who began to flicker in and out while fighting.  I do plan to beat the game, I'm sure its fun.  I just hope I dont hit too many more bugs."
,Recommended,209000,7501821,"Posted: 28 October, 2013",all,Ulo,"Не Arkham City, но пойдёт."
76561198074209327,Recommended,209000,8164588,"Posted: 21 December, 2013",all,Edin,Best game ever made. No bugs or gliches. Perfect sotryline. Only bad thing with such good games no matter how long you play them they always too short once you done XD  GREAT WORK INDEED
,Recommended,209000,8165711,"Posted: 21 December, 2013",all,Gamer Cat,Great style and aslo really good story. For all fans of the DC world recommend it! I have spend a bat-time with pleasure!
76561198005966935,Recommended,209000,8126841,"Posted: 19 December, 2013",all,Wrajajar,"Decent story, too bad they didn't spice the combat system up a little more from the last game. Although there were some really really great boss battles. Some of the new gadgets were quite useful and cool additions. There was a couple annoying invisible wall bugs, which made one or two side missions impossible to complete."
76561198047816224,Recommended,209000,7580125,"Posted: 5 November, 2013",all,Markey,Kevin Conroy isnt voice acting Batman/Bruce(Stallone) Wayne -1.Deathstroke is taken out 90 minutes in -100Joker becomes the main villain half way in and Black Mask wasnt even there to begin with -2000Bruce Wayne looks like Sylvester Stallone +12Gamebreaking bugs -1000000000Robin looks like a♥♥♥♥♥♥in MP -300000000000000000000000000Somebody please help me....
76561198102073636,Recommended,209000,8186852,"Posted: 21 December, 2013",all,Awesomenash,"This game is quite similar to arkham city, but that isnt a bad thing. It has the same simple to learn but hard to master combat. There is still the open world, which has expanded but as a result I frequently have framerate drops, but once I enter a building it's all ok. The one place where i notice a large improvement is the boss fights. They feel very fleshed out and prepared and it is  very satisfying to kill one. Overall, i'd give it a 9/10"
76561198096330024,Recommended,209000,8187819,"Posted: 21 December, 2013",all,Tornado 04,Great Game for batman fans but just more of the same
76561198041449214,Not Recommended,209000,8429991,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,AltGr,"First the good:I liked Arkham City very much so i expected a similar game, and it is.- The graphics are quite good. The foodprints and tracks in the snow and the Christmas decorations everywhere add much to the atmosphere.- The voice acting is also quite good despite not having the ""original"" cast.- The game mechanics like walking/running, gliding, fighting, gadgets, etc. are the same as in Arkham City.Now the bad:Bugs, Bugs, Bugs. Even after all the patches, i still encountered many bugs during the game:- weird shaking/flattering during gliding- many places where i could grappel to, but not climb up, mostly handrails and fences- missing audio during fast travel- missing audio after finishing a case. Only once i heard Batman asking Alfred to call GCPD, in all the other cases it just started with ""Al..."" and then nothing happened- not being able to interrogate a suspect or Enigma data handler after the fight- 10+ hours without any technical problems, then all of a sudden 4 crashes in less than 15 min. ""Ozzy ..."" message and many ""file not found"". Reloading checkpoint restarting the game or the PC didn't help. Fortunately, after using fast travel before the next crash, it didn't happen again (corrupt save game ?)- missing Enigma data handler. Shows on the map but nobody is there. Later in the game all of a sudden he's there.- during a fight, enemies that start a blow some distance away just slide/teleport behind Batman and hit him- during a fight, counter is not always working (and this is not a matter of game experience, i had no such problems in combat in AA or AC)- unable to beatdownJokerat the endConclusion:Without the many bugs it would be a really good game. Not as good as Arkham City but worth the price. If these bugs are not solved, it's very unlikely that i ever play it again or buy any more games from these ""developers"""
,Recommended,209000,8408822,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,D'Fwan,Buy this game.
,Recommended,209000,15790957,"Posted: 11 May, 2015",all,Ol Capn Joe,Im Batmann COUGH SPLUTTER COUGH ASTHMA ATACAK OH DEAR GOD PLEASE 10/10
,Not Recommended,209000,7688338,"Posted: 18 November, 2013",all,Greasy Gypsy,"If you find yourself with a hard-on for fists, bats or men then you're in for a treat with this game that's buggier than Herbie goes Bananas on DVD, like if Herbie's bananas were bug-infested.In the previous game, Arkham City you felt like Terry Crews' scary black ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ of the night as punks would flee upon your arrival, gliding into the scene like a ♥♥♥♥. But in Origins you feel like Blinky Bill getting punched in the♥♥♥♥♥♥6/10But punching stuff is still really cool.The End."
,Recommended,209000,14552462,"Posted: 19 February, 2015",all,ZA* The Warrior Pope,"Batman Arkham Origins is the type of game that you play a couple of hours and then you once you beat the story mode, you have little reason to play it. The multiplayer is fairly fun, and the story mode is great. Great action, and plot throughout the game. There is plenty of side missions that can keep some people entertained, but i found it difficult to continue playing after the story. However, this is still a great game, and you may find yourself having trouble to stop playing this game once you start it. I would reccomend that you get this game during a steam sale.This is easily my favorite arkham game so far, and not just for the action, and the quality of the game itself. The story is suspensful, and this is a great prequel to the other games. All the boss fights have some special fight that shows the uniqueness of each villain. My only complain with this game is the amount of times you have to fight bane, as that becomes excessive and difficult."
,Recommended,209000,15799039,"Posted: 12 May, 2015",all,DOOZA,loved punching and kicking my wat though a open world city. great storyline and fantastic game mechanics
,Recommended,209000,14531474,"Posted: 18 February, 2015",all,Jmac,Best of the series. Boss fights were much more entertaining.
76561197987972441,Recommended,209000,14724879,"Posted: 2 March, 2015",all,khefferman,best story of all of them. still loving it.
76561197971484564,Recommended,209000,14716774,"Posted: 1 March, 2015",all,Phantom,"Great game, beat it twice.Awaiting Batman: Arkham Knight!11/10 just from trailers and gameplay."
,Recommended,209000,14704545,"Posted: 28 February, 2015",all,Sir Alexander Killsalot,Not as good as the first two but its here to calm us down for Batman Arkham Knight
76561198116360788,Recommended,209000,14706567,"Posted: 1 March, 2015",all,C-BAS,amazing
,Recommended,209000,14428759,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,AGC,"This was my first Arkham game, and I thoroughly enjoyed it. It took a couple hours to really understand how to play/control Batman, but once I did, it was a pretty immersive experience. The Joker in this is the best I've ever seen - if Nicholson's and Ledger's Jokers had a love child, it would be this one. Great story. I didn't realize I'd started the final story mission until it was all over! But, it lets you pick back up afterwards for the side quests. Definitely use a gamepad on this!"
76561198035452429,Recommended,209000,7688623,"Posted: 18 November, 2013",all,Slimus-07,where is detonator?
76561197964158812,Recommended,209000,14587723,"Posted: 21 February, 2015",all,Worm,It's pretty Batman and stuff.....
76561198089000815,Recommended,209000,14589554,"Posted: 21 February, 2015",all,Arvasan,"Just....just buy it already, all right? There's no excuse"
,Recommended,209000,14654422,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,Edgelord,Best game ever!!!!
76561198065083700,Recommended,209000,12580595,"Posted: 20 October, 2014",all,DonT*FaKe*IT,Great game. Already waiting for the new one!
76561198082887288,Recommended,209000,14639020,"Posted: 24 February, 2015",all,animalguy,feels like an expansion for arkham city even though its alot earlier. Good story line and some dfferent villans from Arkham city. It is a very good game and worth some time.
76561198159666405,Recommended,209000,14640911,"Posted: 24 February, 2015",all,skinnnymike25,"Honestly, I like all of the Batman games... Pros: The story of Origins is interesting and the graphics aren't that bad. The game play is much more smooth than City and the map is slightly bigger too. There are a few new types of characters/enemies to fight against. Cons: The map is kind of a rip off of City. The sound effects are not as harsh as City. The extreme maps in challenge mode are too easy to acquire. The leaderboards are hacked. And you only can play as batman in the story mode. But even with the cons listed, I still recommened this game."
76561198158474997,Not Recommended,209000,13926432,"Posted: 10 January, 2015",all,godlikegaming1996,"Let me just start by saying wow, I had high expectations for this game untill I played it of course. It is full of bugs and glitches. It makes it unplayable and a waste of money. DO NOT BUY!!"
,Recommended,209000,14319787,"Posted: 3 February, 2015",all,chris972009,"great game love the story and gameplay tho it does have many anoying bugs. The one thing that I relly couldn't stand in the game is the ""Fast travel"" it literrally takes half an hour just to get from one place to another using it. the problem is their aare certain places you can only rech using it other than that I love the game these issues should be fixed tho."
,Recommended,209000,14492228,"Posted: 15 February, 2015",all,ghostpoisonface,"I really enjoyed this game, but there are some serious issues that the devs need to address. I loved the game, and it is comparable to the other arkham games but definitely the weakest of the three. The biggest issue the game crashing. I averaged about an hour of play time before it became unresponsive, and the only way i could get back to desktop was to log out. I originally had one 280x with 55fps but i got a second one in crossfire. in benchmarking the framerate would still be 55, but in the game it dipped to 20. It also made the cutscenes unwatchable. i had to disable crossfire but it still crashed out all the time. as others have said, the riddler challenges were just waaay too much so i just ignored them. There was a lot of fighting, which was good, but not nearly as many predator situations as in the other games which i miss. Besides these issues the game was great. I enjoyed the game, but with those issues I would have been furious had i paid 60 for it. on sale it is totally worth it."
76561198121194702,Recommended,209000,16426152,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,"""RevolT0 | GariX","this game is definitely worth the price! Thats all i have to say , the rest of the things... you can figure 'em out yourself !ENJOY!"
,Recommended,209000,16901721,"Posted: 5 July, 2015",all,eS,"Having fallen in love with Arkham City, I was curious whether or not the prequel/sequel could hold a candle to such a wonderfully constructed game. The 74 rating on Metacritic made me raise my eyebrow.And I could quickly see why. It's not Arkham City, but it's still a good Batman Arkham game. Basically, it's AC with more stuff.The gameplay is very, very similar, but it's not as nicely balanced as AC - the remote claw makes Predator encounters p1ss easy, and the Shock gloves make fighting a joke. I did, however, welcome the new unlock system, which put some rather powerful upgrades (like dropping the minimum combo multiplier requirement from 8x to 5x) a bit later in the game. Martial artists are a welcome addition IMO as well, adding some variety in the enemies.The Dark Knight challenges are a great addition, and they really put you to the test as a Batman gamer - however, you are NOT forewarned that the ""Worst Nightmare"" challenges can ONLY be completed during story predator rooms (though some can be done in freeroam) and once you're done with New Game, you have to go through New Game Plus if you want them all.The Enigma trophies have been cut in half and they are easier to find, which is a great addition, I felt that in AC they were too abundant.The story is a bit weaker than AC, but it's still enjoyable. The characters are interesting, but not as fleshed-out as in AC.All in all, it's close to AC, but no cigar. It's still not a BAD game by any standards, and if you enjoyed AC, get AO as well, I think my ""hours played"" shows that I enjoyed both about the same ;)P.S.: I am aware that a lot of people have reported various glitches that this game is supposed to have; personally, I experienced none, but just so you know that there are some, apparently."
,Recommended,209000,16903686,"Posted: 5 July, 2015",all,Yurugu,"In most ways, just as good as Arkham City."
,Recommended,209000,16909228,"Posted: 6 July, 2015",all,Smoke,Great game like the previous ones. This is a must play is your enjoyed Arkham Asylum or Arkham City. I've put in over 40 hours so far. Lots of fun and hours of entertainment.
76561198148735922,Not Recommended,209000,16873119,"Posted: 3 July, 2015",all,mEOW. X,it is boring and♥♥♥♥♥
,Not Recommended,209000,16840773,"Posted: 2 July, 2015",all,[MNI] Beastcreeper,"I am not the only person that is having trouble with this game.  My laptop is a PC that hasnt even made it a year in my possession yet, so I know its not the age of my machine.  I know its not graphics card, nor is it my hard drive....meaning that the only issuues that can be poossible are those from the developers side of things.  Here is a small sampling of the errors that I have personally run into, not including anything pulled from others' experences, oor other reorted bugs:1.) Physics is BROKEN!!! When I glide from a ledge to the ground, I want to be able to land on the ground......not phase through, instantly die and have the game do a quick-save so that when I re-load the game, I insta-die AGAIN.2.) Cutscenes are horrendous, as well as the problem of certain character models ""blinking"" in and out of existence.  The biggest example here is Killer Croc, and the fight there on the roof after the helicopter.  The custscene has the dialogue out of sync and the character model of Killer Croc is just ""blinking"" and reappearing after a second or two, even after the cutscene and into the fight.....which REALLY makes the fight SUPER DIFFICULT.3.) There is a HUGE problem with MISSION-CRITICAL NPC'S NOT LOADING INTO THE GAME.  For example, the penguin-based quest where you are to destroy the guns that he is selling to the highest bidder that Gordon's Daughter tells you about.  The NPC'S and the weapons crate will not spawn in, so I cannot complete the mission for that.4.) The .exe file is damaged.  This I know is true, and has been released damaged to the general public.  There is a cutscene in the game when you encounter the Joker for the first time.  It is at this cutscene that the game stops working, and says there is a fatal error with the .exe file......EVERY TIME.....REGARDLESS OF WHAT FIX I TRY.Here is a list of stuff that I have tried to fix the issues:1.) turning it off and on again - didn't work2.) restarting steam - didn't work3.) re-downloading the game - didn't work4.) re-downloading steam - didn't work5.) looking up the fixes for the various bugs - hasn't worked, as the devs have not released any patches to fix these issues.6.) patience - Running out........"
76561198035356645,Not Recommended,209000,16841549,"Posted: 2 July, 2015",all,Philikron,Well so far I can't even play this game so I can't give it an honest review.  Every time I try to start it up it crashes before I can click for a new game.
76561198055981564,Recommended,209000,16787311,"Posted: 29 June, 2015",all,WSerg,"I recommend this game to everyone who loves Arkham City and wants to play more of it, because basicly it is Arkham City. If you havn't played Arkham City, I would recommend to play Arkham City before Arkham Origins, because it's the better game, but Arkham Origins is still a lot of fun with a nice Batman Story and while playing you will feel like Batman."
76561198142072909,Recommended,209000,16801179,"Posted: 29 June, 2015",all,XxJustin_BondxX,Love the game and love the story...Keep making these terrific games:)
,Not Recommended,209000,16807811,"Posted: 30 June, 2015",all,Vindicare Assassin,"Do not buy, it will crash and there won't be an update to fix it"
76561197985471896,Recommended,209000,10075526,"Posted: 10 May, 2014",all,Iggy,"Played through Normal and New Game Plus and enjoyed it throughout. Some of the Boss dungeons seemed a tad short and I was sad to see there weren't more side dungeons instead of simple boss encounters. The world map was well made and expansive, though and I did a fair bit of general exploring. I wish it were longer, in sum, because it was such a quality experience, with a bit more imagination and depth could have been epic."
,Not Recommended,209000,10075677,"Posted: 10 May, 2014",all,mariogame4,i loved the game until about a week after it broke no fix on fourms or any where eles i've waited two months and still no fix i recommend not buying till this is fixed
76561198007666831,Not Recommended,209000,10078589,"Posted: 10 May, 2014",all,Bullet Backstop,"Bug laden garbage.  Don't both dropping a dime on this game.  The previous titles were nice, but this is full of bugs, and no solutions.  You will waste time trying to find fixes and there are none.Be warned."
76561197973007457,Recommended,209000,10065593,"Posted: 9 May, 2014",all,Secret Robot,"I feel like much of the critism I've heard about this game is somewhat overblown (Use of lesser known Batman villains, too similar to Arkham City, bugs [ok, the bugs in this game are pretty annoying]) and the real issues have been overlooked.The biggest problem I have are the changes they've made to the free flow combat system. It seems that once you've commited to an attack, Batman is unable to interupt his current action to counter attack. This means that during your attack, you may see the counter icon above an enemy, press the counter button, yet be unable to actually counter the attack. This is pretty frustrating because it makes combat much more random, and less skill based.Then you get the shock gauntlets which make any other items, attacks, and skills you've gained completely obsolete, except for trying to score more points (Shock gauntlets ignore armor, shields, batons etc.)... Not sure what they were thinking when they made these changes to the combat.All that being said, this game is not as good as Asylum or City, but there's definately fun to be had. I was able to overlook the bugs, the combat changes, and still enjoyed a good Batman game with a fairly interesting story. I picked it up on sale, I don't think it's worth full price.Oh, and Batman's a jerk to Alfred... what's the deal with that?"
,Recommended,209000,8110244,"Posted: 18 December, 2013",all,Deocgaming,"Are You Ready For an Orignal Epic Game Starring The Dark Knight... Well You Will Sorta Get It Here I Suppose With A Brand New Story To The Arkham Universe And some Duplicating Gadgets Only With A Diffrent Name, Im Talking To You Glue Gernade... Well If You Just Want To Put On The Cape And Cowl again then This Game Is For You.MultiPlayer: 6.9/10SinglePlayer: 7.5/10"
76561198172458026,Recommended,209000,16071165,"Posted: 29 May, 2015",all,StealthyPretzel,i love this game but there is one the that i hate so much about it i would rather player arkham city is that THE DAMN REMOTE CONTROLLED BATERANG CONTROLS ARE INVERTED!!!!!!!!!!!!
76561198052793980,Recommended,209000,15939125,"Posted: 22 May, 2015",all,ZoiKs,thumbs upssssss
76561198197056238,Recommended,209000,15939885,"Posted: 22 May, 2015",all,BmoreRavens95,great game ( only one bad side it like to crash )
76561198086477157,Recommended,209000,16062098,"Posted: 29 May, 2015",all,=ADK= jimmy6300,"I bought this game on the Black Friday sale last year after already owning Arkham City GOTY, at first it wouldn't start, but iI figured out how to fix that, I played through the story and I gotta say, this is the best Batman game yet, the graphics are stunning, Batmans suit is awesome, and you dont have to wander around forever to get the trophies to unlock character trophies, to me that always seemed like a silly system in City and Asylum, I give this game a 10\10(PS, It says I only have 0.6 hours on record because I played it offline, I dont play a lot of my singleplayer games online)"
,Recommended,209000,16064862,"Posted: 29 May, 2015",all,bombcicle,"Dunno why people♥♥♥♥♥♥on this game, I liked it alot, obviously not as good as the first two but I still enjoyed it."
76561197983118844,Not Recommended,209000,16075661,"Posted: 30 May, 2015",all,shad0w96,posiblity one of the most bug riddled game eversilent takedowns will sometimes mess up failing the mission and i got glitched under the map just after a hard fight and had to start the whole game againdeleted this from my steam.  A shame to the batman arkham series
76561198110595203,Recommended,209000,16081680,"Posted: 30 May, 2015",all,Clarke,Great Game hard to get to the penguin though
76561198010061755,Recommended,209000,15858023,"Posted: 16 May, 2015",all,Epicism,Amazing.
76561197987484497,Recommended,209000,15881808,"Posted: 17 May, 2015",all,MaGiC,i love it thats the only think i can say
76561198016504993,Recommended,209000,15921818,"Posted: 20 May, 2015",all,nofate,I loves all Batman games.
,Recommended,209000,15969711,"Posted: 23 May, 2015",all,Memelord Supreme,"A great game, but make sure you have an xbox controller and a strong computer.  Otherwise, just buy the ps3 version."
,Recommended,209000,15969997,"Posted: 23 May, 2015",all,Dracu pe sârmă,10 x go  Batman
76561198000309464,Recommended,209000,15978882,"Posted: 24 May, 2015",all,ice_wind30,BATMAN VS JASON Black mask  Or Batman vs Predator
76561198126588827,Recommended,209000,15981645,"Posted: 24 May, 2015",all,Kyo^^,Just buy the game when it's on a sale.only way it's worth buying
76561198127518397,Recommended,209000,15982662,"Posted: 24 May, 2015",all,Naruto Uzumaki,"it's nice,i like the multiplayer"
,Recommended,209000,15984913,"Posted: 24 May, 2015",all,Betorokolo,awsome combat system. and u can glide all over the town.
,Recommended,209000,15986450,"Posted: 24 May, 2015",all,Badmin,"Like the other games in this Batman series this game is interesting, well made, and most importantly fun.   In beating the game and picking up all the collectibles I found it challenging but not overly so.  My only complaint is that while trying to find all the collectibles after beating the game it can be very tedious as there are areas where you have to backtrack for a very very long time since there is no way to quit an instance and get back to the city.  Maybe this is more realistic but it's pretty pointless to force you to walk back through an empty building for 20 minutes to get back outside (you'll see what I mean in the tower section).  Even with it's faults I definitely recommend this game.  The combat system is satisfying and there are enough puzzles to keep it from feeling stale."
,Not Recommended,209000,15939408,"Posted: 22 May, 2015",all,Markus,nice game but ..3x black screen (head in wall) at first end boss fight with croc.maybe problem of amd driver:game crashed at first end boss croc.game crashed at end to desktop.video runs slow... fun killer end boss .. developer not understand the difference between easy and hard^^
76561198129583894,Not Recommended,209000,16108041,"Posted: 31 May, 2015",all,Webbbinator,This game is terrible. Obviously not a lot of love went into the pc version.
76561198041742925,Not Recommended,209000,16108256,"Posted: 31 May, 2015",all,Darkshark,Too many times I questioned why the game did what it did and story was annoying
76561198031336757,Not Recommended,209000,16498872,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,UnPauzed,"Ok so i have played the recent batman games these past years and i have seen a great increase in fun and entertainment and some great memories....i have not even recalled why or what the story is of this recent release..the graphics could have been better and the story just seemed like a movie, a very quick movie..I hope that the new realease coming out will uphold the past 2."
76561198060229686,Recommended,209000,16503062,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,Jupima,If you played the earlier Batman games you will like this also. If you have not try one of them!
,Recommended,209000,8264205,"Posted: 24 December, 2013",all,TH3R3_W4S [An Attempt],Similar to Archam City - Detective mode does more than the previous games but would be better if some thinking was involved.
,Recommended,209000,8264952,"Posted: 24 December, 2013",all,Skràtche,"Mediocre story and slightly revised gameplay, in an open-worldish setting. If the ""free-flow"" combat is the only draw to you in Batman games, then pick this up in a sale. Plenty of challenge rooms and whatnot to keep you entertained for hours."
,Recommended,209000,8316730,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,uncle,"'Batman Arkham Origins' is a well built, third-person fighting game. Combat is flawless and a good storyline. It truly shows how Batman becam who he is now however it does NOT live to it's predecessors. Even if it's combats flawless, it lacks originality. A valiant effort from a different studio. Their not Rocksteady but they provided a decent game. I recommend it if you are a fan and you just LURVE Batman then buy it but if not and your looking for a unique game then it's not my type of Adam West. Therefore;Score: 7.9/10"
,Recommended,209000,8317180,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,Jamiboy,"First of all I never imagined a batman game would be good stuff, but after playing Asylum and City I had to go for the latest title Origins. In my opinion all of the games are great and only gone better, Origins being the best of the series so far. If they only fix the major bugs and clitches, this is a perfect game. Example had to use Xbox360 controller for the final battle because mouse couldn't simply finish the story. Funny.What a great series and awesome new title."
76561198046542197,Recommended,209000,8322687,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,SpookyEzra,"Absolutely brilliant game. I would like to tip my hat to the incredible Troy Baker for bringing this younger Joker to life while also creepily sounding just like Mark Hammil. Truly talented. I will say Arkham City is still my favorite of the series (and one of all-time favorites) for multiple reasons, but this comes very close. It answers a lot of questions and makes you go ""ah ha!"" about some things that come up in Asylum and City, and it also introduces the element between Joker and Batman, and it's absolutely brillaint. Totally influenced by The Killing Joke and The Dark Knight, which is very cool to see. There's one flashback sequence that is my favorite in the game; play it for yourself to find out. Highly recommend!"
76561198041228782,Recommended,209000,8312016,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,DrSociology,"When this game first came out it was pretty buggy and it had it's problems.  With many recent updates and patches it appears that many of the worst bugs are gone and the game functions very well now.  It has a good storyline and the combat is much more challenging then city or asylum.  If you play this game for awhile and then go back and play AA or AC you will destroy enemies in combat no problem.  With the addition of the shock gloves, armored and shield enemies are no problem.  The remote claw makes take downs in predator mode happen with easy, and the multi baterang is great for group combat.  The amount of available skins is ridiculous and it has way more then AC did.  For the current sale price this game is definetely worth 38 bucks.  I have not tried the online play yet because I am not really an online versus or PvP kind of guy.  I play games for good storylines and 1 player combat that I take on at my own pace.  The Initiation DLC is a nice little bonus if you get the season pass.  Many people complained about it but they need to remember that the iniation dlc was only 7 dollars.  For 7 dollars you get a whole new character in challenge modes which is Bruce Wayne, and Ninja Bruce Wayne.  The reason I say a whole new character is because the Initiation Bruce Wayne combat style is way different then that of Batman.  You get totally different gadgets and new combat takedowns.  You get a challenge campaign with 5 maps with a mini storyline.  So for 7 dollars it is well worth it.  People if you want DLC with an advanced storyline you are gonna have to wait for the final DLC in the season pass.  Remember Harley Quinn's Revenge in AC was 15 dollars so why do some think they would get the same thing with Origins for half the price.  The only thing I did not like in this game was how easy it was to obtain enigma data packs.  The data packs are the equivalent to Riddler Trophies in AA and AC.  Some of the puzzles in AA and AC took a bit of time and thought to obtain.  In AO many of them can be obtained by either blowing up a weak wall or hacking a locked door.  Other then that this is a great addition to the Arkham series and I would recommend this game to anyone who is a fan of this series."
76561198048513548,Recommended,209000,8313665,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,PokeTrainerJohn,For all the Batman fans this game is fun and goes well with the arkham series. However the fighting from the past still has some trouble so look out
,Recommended,209000,8315627,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,Accepted,game had alot of potential but just screwed everything up with the end glitch. from a 8/10 for me the game dropped to about a 3 just because of this glitch. but I would still recommend it.
76561197973511007,Recommended,209000,8324709,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,HolyWombat,"Enjoying the game thoroughly, despite a few bugs."
76561198111362026,Recommended,209000,8303681,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,TeemingEdge,"As with the other Arkham games, Origins is a blast to play! I'm overwhelmed at times when I get into a big brawl; I have to keep my wits about me, and I lose sometimes, but that just makes me hungry for more. The gameplay area is twice as large as before, and they've brought so many interesting characters to the story. There are a lot of challenges to fulfill, too, which I'm diligently working on. Can't wait to see what's around the next corner in Gotham!"
76561197987101484,Recommended,209000,8304772,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,Signal To Noise,"If you like the first two Batman games...this is pretty much more of the same. Voice acting is good, story is engaging. A few new tricks and gadgets for Batman to wield. Multiplayer seems to be buggy and a work in progress when I tried it. Deathstroke is a pain in the♥♥♥♥"
76561198054666835,Recommended,209000,8307720,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,jdvw8980,one of the best games of 2013
76561198093931981,Recommended,209000,10080043,"Posted: 10 May, 2014",all,Based Kush,Jay-Z.
76561197987926197,Recommended,209000,7684288,"Posted: 17 November, 2013",all,Eremite,"It'a good, but perhaps not as good as the linear simplicity of Asylum and the similarly chaotic City. The plot is a bit underwhelming, but there's a sequence that matches up to the legendary Killing Joke comic and just *nails* the Joker-Batman dynamic. The addition of Alfred was excellent. One of the bigger issues is... too many gadgets. And one or two (looking at you, remote claw) become too powerful when ungraded."
76561198005844405,Not Recommended,209000,16141406,"Posted: 2 June, 2015",all,Wildfire,"Seriously this game was released in 2013 and its still unbelievably buggy. In the short time I have played this game I have experienced multiple crashes from Croc (one of the early bosses) literally going invisible to visible throughout the fight to stages out right vanishing. This latest glitch made all the terrain disappear or go black and all I could see were the doors. I tried to enter other room and that one was gone as well. Attempted to quit and restart my game and now batman is falling into blackness..... No I'm not kidding literally he is in a never ending freefall and I can't do anything except start a new game.... Well I will not be doing that. Seriously don't waste your money, replay Arkham Asylum or Arkham City, but do NOT waste your money on this buggy piece of crap. Heck Arkham Knight comes out this year so you won't have to wait much longer for your batman fix. FYI I'm running an FX 8350 4.0 GHz with 16 GB of ram and a 660 ti so this issue is not my computer, I should have more than enough horsepower to run this game."
76561198010706611,Recommended,209000,13482397,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,Dennis,Snow moves when I walk through it10/10 Would play as Batman again.
76561198131701448,Recommended,209000,13483562,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,desito07,I love it!
76561198132788064,Recommended,209000,13483684,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,noblerogue231,Awesome game. Builds off the previous games very well with very few annoyances which are mostly minor.
76561197988823556,Recommended,209000,13484134,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,Libla,I have loved previous Batman games Arkham Asylum and Arkham City. Arkham Origins is still solid though not so interesting as the previous ones. Still great controls with xBox controller (don't play this one with your keyboard and mouse) and it has solid graphics. Arkham City is maybe the best one so far but Origins is also a great experience.
,Recommended,209000,13486300,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,Super Noob,"Aside from a few quirky glitches and not much added to the gameplay systen, this third installment of the Arkham series is a very solid prequel with a wonderful story, a larger city to explore, and some of the best boss battles I've ever played; let alone in the series. And there's still plenty of sidequests to keep you busy."
,Not Recommended,209000,13486468,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,Wish,"Don't buy this game even for $5, it's broken and the developers are ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s that don't deserve your money"
76561198104198391,Recommended,209000,13487549,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,Cross The Boss,its greeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaat
76561198166964493,Not Recommended,209000,13487795,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,Mr.J,"every time i try to get in a multiplayer game, when the coutdown gets to zero, nothing happens and people leave"
,Recommended,209000,13488077,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,quickcatch,"This is a good game, but it feels a litle stale due to having a lot of similar elements to arkham city. Good story"
,Recommended,209000,11964044,"Posted: 2 September, 2014",all,Szabo,this game is the dark knight rises of the arkham series.
76561198035959362,Recommended,209000,13509187,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,dagger23,"Fantastic addition to the Batman Arkham series. I remember being worried that Rocksteady not developing this game would end badly, however I was gladly mistaken. It is really a spectacular addition to the series that describes one night that Black Mask puts a hit order out on Batman.The Cons:As you've probably read by now, the PC version here on Steam has a few bugs. Notably there is1) Killer Croc - the first boss you have to fight can be holographic. That's right, and no it is not a plot twist. Killer Croc phases in and out of being visible rapidly making him look, as I said, holographic. However this problem is not consistent. I played through the boss level a few times and even managed to fight him once without any glitching whatsoever.2) Cars - they can float. Every now and then look around at the cars in the game, especially police cars, as they sometimes may just be levitating off the ground.3) End of missions - occassionally I would finish a beat down mission to interrogate someone only to find I could not interact with the person I needed to so the plot could progress. Another glitch.Pros1)All those glitches in the scheme of the game, while it is sad they can occur, are relatively small issues2)The artwork is very well done and sticks to the palate we saw used in Arkham City3)You are not playing Batman - You ARE Batman. And it looks great.4)Troy Baker and Kevin Conroy are notably excellent voice actors in a top-notch voice acting ensemble5)Same control scheme, makes it a great way to wait until the final Batman game is finished and releasedIn the end, if you are a Batman fan and enjoyed Arkham City you will find great enjoyment here. Make it through Killer Croc (albeit painfully if he glitches) and you are in for a ride. Plus waiting until a Steam Sale makes the few glitches much more tolerable."
76561198053280468,Recommended,209000,13519814,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,Sister Sledge,"Best of the Batman Games, well worth the 3 or 4 pounds I paid."
76561198004481668,Not Recommended,209000,13520019,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,jerwolf1720,"This should have been a really good game.  There are some gameplay changes that make it less fun then the previous two games(Arkham Assylum, and Arkham City).  However this is not what will deter you from playing.  The glitches will.  Graphic glitches, physics glitches, save glitches, and general gamplay glitches will have you reloading over and over."
76561198091874641,Recommended,209000,13520342,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,Tuen,"This is arguably the worst game in the arkham series, but that doesn't mean it's a bad game. Arkham Asylum and CIty were glorious, and this one is too, but only slightly less. Being the worst in a great series isn't particularly a bad thing.The game plays very well, although I would recommend playing it with a controller, because the keyboard and mouse control scheme can be a little awkward. I specifically had problems with the combat system using keyboard and mouse.It runs pretty good, it's one of the better available ports. The graphics look pretty good, and I have no trouble maintaining 60fps at the highest settings. The cinematic cutscenes sometimes look a little out of place, because they seem to have a significantly lower framerate than the game itself, but this doesn't have a huge impact.All in all, this game is great and if you liked the previous installments, you should try to picking this one up."
,Recommended,209000,13521385,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,bloodstainhurricane,Excellent game with very fluent combat and open world roaming.Pretty much running around beating up people the entire time and if you're into that thing then this game is right up your alley
,Not Recommended,209000,13504643,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,suicidal.banana,"Its like the arkham city, looking a little better, but having more bugs.Bosses vanish if your to quick to attack during boss battles, goals arent always clear, basic mouse controls are missing from the 'tab menu', you unlock tools without actually finding them, and more lose ends, its not a bad game, but it is weird how the game is less cool then its predecessor in pretty much every way, wouldve expected more change, and no bugs or dropped balls.6/10"
76561198119568672,Recommended,209000,13524929,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,mohammadwidefantasy,"Great game the story is original and well known to people who know all of batmans enemies and how everything started I dont know why people hate this game and all. But for me its a great game and its really enjoyable and theres tons to do and all of the glitches lags and errors are gone I give this game 9/10 for the gadgets, story, combat, predator, side missions and collectables"
76561197984996711,Not Recommended,209000,13527587,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,FullMetalJacket,The game is fun to play but has many game break bugs.
76561198110286141,Recommended,209000,13531189,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,fatih1686,"Yes, it's not good as previous Arkham games but it's one of the best action games of 2013.Graphics 9/10 It's not Crysis 3 but it has great graphics. Arkham City was more succesful because it released on 2011 qnd its PhysX effectes were really really awesomeSound/Music 8/10 Voice cast is OK. Musics are not bad but i hoped better. Main menu music of Arkham City is unforgettable.Story: 7/10  Arkham City is the one of the greatest game stories of all time. A.O has good story but not gorgeous.Athmosphere 7/10: A.C and A.A were excellent this can't compete with them.Gameplay 8/10"
,Recommended,209000,13752959,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,GusDeCooL,"i got this on discount, so this looks good compare with story i got which it rather short"
,Not Recommended,209000,13753518,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,Stivius,"The steam version of Origins has many bugs, including ones that make several missions literally impossible to start and/or finish. It does not add anything to the series. The story is ok, but it's a song and dance you have heard before.The multiplayer is bugged even worse and is basically unplayable due to the lobby system not actually launching games when there are full rooms. If you do get into it, it's a pretty fun squad based shooter, Joker gang vs Bane Gang with the twist that there is a Batman and a Robin there to mess with everyone. It could be VERY fun if it worked, but it doesn't.Don't Waste your money. Just buy Arkham City when it goes on sale and play that. (and if you own CIty, just don't buy Origins and play City again)."
76561198074243791,Recommended,209000,13787840,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,FunyonFrodo,I would say this is a very good batman game definatly worth getting if your a fan of the series but if you new to the games either go with the older ones or wait until on sale.8/10+good storynice combatlooks great-Nothing new
76561198055831402,Recommended,209000,13791458,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,Jayfawkes,"To be honest I was a bit hesitant on playing this game, and put it off for quite a while because of all the negative reviews and comments being made. A few of which being that it is a carbon copy of Arkham City's environment and little was made to ""improve"" on the previous game in this now trilogy. Gladly I did not feel this to be true in my opinion and had a fantastic time pummelling bad guys to a pulp, searching and uncovering the Riddler's hidden data and experience what I felt was a well written and enjoyable story arc. I was even a fan of the quick time events which in most games are either hard to detect or simply don't apply. I was always engaged in my seat and had my finger on the trigger, rather then placing the controller down and waiting for the cut scene to finish.Although the game was fun and I enjoyed it throughout, there were a few noticeable bugs. One being the mobs would occasional get clipped into walls or objects and were unable to interact with rendering you unable to proceed any further. Or on one particular occasion the enemies stopped moving altogether along with some being clipped into walls. Hopefully it was only a minor feature that few had experienced."
,Recommended,209000,13819482,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,johntheissen32,"Are you a batman fan? If so, buy this game. A defintly must buy. If you liked and played arkham city but wished for more stuff to do and a bigger world the buy this game. the voice acting of the batman and joker are great but not as good as kevin conroy and luke skywalker (mark hamill). the city is pretty lifeless for gotham but who wouldnt blame the people living there to stay home. 9.8/10"
76561198065452454,Recommended,209000,13819929,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,Spiegel_88,Loved the Arkham Series.Especially this one. Hoping for the Release of Batman: Arkham Knight.
76561198052655940,Recommended,209000,13670836,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,masdaace,Another stunning game in the Batman series!Highly recommended! ;)
,Recommended,209000,13673013,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,کBG | Kvitost,Best game I've played in a long time!I still need to play the DLC's.
76561198032084188,Recommended,209000,13702030,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,free,this game still contains lots of bugs but anyway funny and playable
76561197972677447,Recommended,209000,13702770,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,Operative Lawson,"The timeline/canon of the game can be called into question, but if you liked Arkham City, you'll like this. More villians to see, more Gotham to fly around. Don't regret the purchase at all. Finished the game in about 15 hours."
,Not Recommended,209000,13479520,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,Valassi,"TL;DR: Great story, feels like Arkham City but plagued with inconsistent controls and game-breaking bugs.First off I should mention that I own and *love* the first 2 Batman Arkham games that Rocksteady developped but this one, not so much.Let's start with the good stuff: the game's story. The story feels like a genuine Batman creation with its usual assortment of strange and compelling villains, of which there are quite a few and they're all wonderfully voiced and gorgeously animated. The premise of the story is itself enough to draw interest as the new villain of the game and of the Batman universe, Black Mask, orders a hit on Batman and a large number of would-be and professional assassins flock to Gotham to take the Bat out. The rogue's gallery is incredible, ranging from favourites such as Bane, Lady Shiva, Killer Croc and Deathstroke to newcommers like Copperhead and all of the encounters are sufficiently awesome with excellent boss fights (although I was disappointed with how easily Deathstroke was dealt with in comparison to say, Bane).Another great aspect of the game are the murder mysteries and investigations that you solve through an impressive use of detective vision as you re-create the crime scenes using different angles, following trails, examining forensic evidence, etc. This is one area where I feel that WB Games has improved upon compared to Arkham Asylum and Arkham City as the manner in which the data is extrapolated and the murders solved is more complex & convincing. Well done WB Games, well done.And that's where the good stuff ends. From this point onwards things start to fall apart, starting with the glitchy combat controls where you might find yourself pressing counter and nothing happens to the buggy and immersion-breaking environment where you'll see high ledges that you'll be unable to land upon even though they look exactly like any other surface that Batman routinely grabs and walks across. Arkham City did this better with its walls and gunner watch towers but here it just feels like poor game design.But the worst of it all as others here have experienced and mentioned in their reviews are the game-breaking bugs. At about 55% through the game I reached a point where the game bugged out on me and I was falling endlessly through a void. This wouldn't be so bad if there was an option to have more than 1 saved game & your progress didn't get automatically saved, leaving you stuck with no option but to start from the very begining and hope you don't get the bug again. This is a notorious Arkham Origins game bug that obviously still hasn't been fixed to this day despite half-hearted attempts at patches which is simply unacceptable.Due to this I have been unable to complete the game as I refuse to re-start from the begining with no guarantee that this won't happen again. It's a shame as I genuinely enjoyed the story but I guess I'll just youtube the cutscenes instead.I'll never buy any of your games again, WB Games."
,Recommended,209000,13683428,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,Jotaro Kujo,"So far no bugs, no glitches, game runs great on my computer. Recommend it if you are a batman fan. However the story is a bit predictable, but that doesn't really take away from the core expierence."
,Recommended,209000,13685042,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,< Foodbuster >,Highly recommended.Good game (not great) but good but here are the pros and consPros- Better graphics than the previous 2 games- Better Batman suit- New detective work- Awesome boss fights- better story than the previous 2 games- Awesome voice acting- awesome DLCcons- very buggy. It crashes a lot.- some levels get REALLY buggy like criminal's faces distorting- (Worst Con of all) basically a copy of Arkham City- it's like a DLC to Arkham City. But it's not- very short gameplay- (SPOILERS) Joker's the main villain..... AGAIN.
76561198057310393,Recommended,209000,13687274,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,ChibiVamp,Good game.
76561198076308694,Recommended,209000,13687700,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,redwolf,"I know a lot of people who did not enjoy this game, stating that it is just a copy of arkham city. I just don't get why this is a bat (gnihihi) thing.  It is a fun playthrough, cool mission design for the most part, the only thing i could really do without is the Riddler 'I have hidden secrets around town, for everyone to see and pick up' stuff no one really needs. Some of the puzzles are super easy, others just evil. There was one on a rooftop where you have about 3 seconds to guide the batarang...anyway. other than that, great game. I especially enjoyed the challenges. I would have loved more preadator encounters. Since you can get it now for a few bucks, this is money well spent"
76561197961051306,Recommended,209000,13693454,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,rdh,git
,Recommended,209000,13695352,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,(∩ ͡⎚ ͜つ ͡⎚)⊃━☆ﾟ.*,"I'll admit, this game -IS- fun, but I really feel that after the story the game loses its luster, as most of the other missions are pretty tedious. 6/10"
76561198053243606,Recommended,209000,13697578,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,UberSloth,"If you liked the other Batman series games, this is more of the same . Same city, same fighting mechanics and moves. The main difference is the intro of some new foes. 1 or 2 of the boss fights can be frustrating but not impossible. I do reccommend it but prefered Arkham City-Asylum games more. I did have a couple of glitch issues where the game would randomly crash but not a deal breaker. Worth a play through if you can pick it up on sale."
,Recommended,209000,13656636,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,Diamonex,"Very fun if you are a fan of the arkham series, i have to admit i got let down when it was in the same area as arkham city was but it was still the same great story line that is always present in these games.I had a lag problem in all of the cutscenes but thats only my computer so hopefully it wont happen to you.Worth your time."
76561197985768293,Recommended,209000,13657446,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,Stromgarde,"WB Games has done a wonderful job yet again. The Batman series is nothing short of astounding when it comes down to graphics and environment, gameplay, plot, and colorful characters. Bottom line: 9/10, where 10 is complete perfection. This game certainly approaches it."
76561198114496240,Recommended,209000,13107787,"Posted: 27 November, 2014",all,Surprise Dubstep,This game is on a much bigger scale than its predcessors which is obviously good. The challenges are puzzling and the stalking is a very vitol part of this game. One complaint I would have is how tediously repetitive somethings can get. I was burnt out on the game before I could do a second playthrough. Worth the price and a good 60 hours of playing.
,Recommended,209000,13133439,"Posted: 28 November, 2014",all,Bootstrapfire,"really amazing game! i got this today along with the season pass , everything about this game is awesome it is flawless! buy with season pass for full enjoyment."
76561197964835009,Recommended,209000,13133975,"Posted: 28 November, 2014",all,Dr. Sticky,"Loved it! Still playing it, so much great content! The reviews made me so concious of the glitches that I looked way to hard to find  them, give me a break, the game is awesome and havent effected my experience one bit. The deathstroke fight is one of if not the best boss fights I have played to date. Forget the glitches that people talk about, have fun and enjoy the great story, action, and all the villans and which seems like a ton of bosses you get to give a♥♥♥♥♥beating to! Great game"
,Not Recommended,209000,13139398,"Posted: 29 November, 2014",all,RegalGoat,"First of all, I loved the gameplay, graphics and sound of the game, and my review would have been very positive. That was whilst I was playing the challenge mode and multiplayer - both of which I love. But, I had the misfortune to play the campaign. I immediately noticed a significantly lower FPS on the campaign for no apparent reason, paired with numerous glitches such as sound cutting out. These issues only got worse with the Killer Croc boss fight. I quickly noticed that Killer Croc was dissapearing for no reason, along with all sound for extended periods of time. I rebooted the game and re-tried the boss fight, only to get a black screen when I dealt damage to Killer Croc. So yeah my entire game broke due to the first boss fight which you get to in under 10 minutes. Not reccomened."
76561198016906282,Not Recommended,209000,13140336,"Posted: 29 November, 2014",all,K!DØN_309,This is just not a pc friendly game.........realy designed for cosole only.
76561197995715735,Recommended,209000,13149377,"Posted: 29 November, 2014",all,kp.zeus,"Similar to arkham asylum, but has more stealth tactics."
76561198069789111,Recommended,209000,13151588,"Posted: 29 November, 2014",all,drabbel166,Haven't had so much playing a single player game since the ps2 era. One of my favorite games on steam at the moment. Although I am pretty sure you can beat the main story in just one sitting.
76561198054378605,Recommended,209000,13151718,"Posted: 29 November, 2014",all,r1313,Great game all around.Nearly perfect combat (only nit-pick: sometimes the camera doesnt allow you to see incoming attacks when near objects).Great charactersgreat visuals
,Recommended,209000,13154810,"Posted: 29 November, 2014",all,X.L.D,"I'd recommend this game for the single player experinece, but not the multiplayer.The single player combat and gameplay is as good as previous title with new story and better detective mode.The combat and stealh now have a rating system and it will unlock special gadget if the player met the specific requirement. This is good because the player will have a motivation for doing the difficult stuff.The multiplayer in concept in quite good too, but at the moment i'm writing this is  plagued by constant server lost, so i cannot recommend this for the not-so patient people, like me."
76561198022212690,Recommended,209000,13081918,"Posted: 25 November, 2014",all,Xs,:anarky: I recommend this game becouse it`s me in it.:deathstroke: Shut up rookie!
,Not Recommended,209000,13033167,"Posted: 21 November, 2014",all,Jabreen,"If you played and or liked Arkham City than there is no point in playing this. Just the same thing before, treading water in a way to make money. Not a terrible game, but not something that can be recommended over Arkham City or Asylum"
76561198057153314,Recommended,209000,13036409,"Posted: 21 November, 2014",all,MajesticWeasel,You get to be Batman. Enough said.
76561198126041727,Recommended,209000,13037997,"Posted: 22 November, 2014",all,The Northernwinds,"This game is so good that i dont know where to start.Ill start with the fact that the main villain ""SPOILERS"" Joker is completely without doubt a psycopath in this game.The bugs have all been patched.The Challenge maps are fantastic.The Online Gameplay is fun.But it's not as good as Arkham City.9/10 Must Have for any Batman Fan"
76561198080164065,Recommended,209000,13098326,"Posted: 26 November, 2014",all,laoseph,"Pretty solid. Not as mind blowing as it's predecessors, but pretty solid."
,Not Recommended,209000,13057381,"Posted: 23 November, 2014",all,Hyunk,"Play the other ones first.It too closely ressemble Arkham City without being as polished. Also, the mouse and keyboard integration is not as well done than the previous games. I didn't play the online but I wonder why they tought it was a good idea."
,Recommended,209000,13008144,"Posted: 19 November, 2014",all,Meme Kaiser,I know it is a fun game but i got a glitch that makes me go out of the map how can I fix it?I tried restarting but it didnt work
,Recommended,209000,13061859,"Posted: 23 November, 2014",all,ŢhĒ ĽãŠť ĐŖãĢŌŃ,"Batman Arkham Origins, is an insanely awesome game in the good sense, it has it all, action suspense, brain teasers the whole 9 yards .. it's just packed full with great fun, the sound, graphics, and game play will leave you saying Wow! over and over again, get this game and you'll always have a game to fall back on when your in-between games like COD, CS, and even Skyrim."
76561198126335457,Recommended,209000,13063457,"Posted: 23 November, 2014",all,ryepokemon1999,"A beautiful installment in the series, well worth the $20 and the season pass for dlcs, lookin foward to the arkham knight"
76561198042562659,Recommended,209000,13040092,"Posted: 22 November, 2014",all,Spirit,Awsome game! Must play!
76561198152651639,Recommended,209000,13044334,"Posted: 22 November, 2014",all,Manuel,I think is an awesome game though it felt a little repetitive for my taste.  Graphics are awesome and content in the story is ok ... it does hook with the rest of the serie.I would definitely recommend this game for fans of the series or any other casual gamer.  IT'S A MUST!
,Recommended,209000,10951661,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,Dondroid,"The Riddler is such a stupid character. In every Batman game they find some crazy way to integrate him into the story, but it's always these puzzles and breif cases you stumble upon. I'm just saying does he have to be in every game? Do I have to stare at a breif case I have no chance of figuring out how to get? No. And neither should you."
76561198064486235,Recommended,209000,10951913,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,AustinsArmy,10/10 best game ever would recomend compleatley. You do come across some bugs but its alot better than when it realeased. Multiplayer is a bit of a disipointment but it's strong story brings the game together!
76561198006843723,Recommended,209000,10951982,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,Bg7,"Undeserved hate!  People seem to dog this game for falling short of the first two.  I would argue that it only falls short in terms of the little loving details and riddles of the first games: A Ras Al Ghul toe tag on a corpse in the morgue, an ad for the Flying Graysons, those little additions that Batman fans (like me) appreciate.  But this game makes up for those missing details in a few meaningful ways, completing what I will argue is the COMPLETE BATMAN EXPERIENCE:*Big Gotham: It has a very large Gotham City (although there is more on the horizon) compared with Arkham City, which put you in a moody, but smaller walled-off portion of Gotham.  The additions to the AC Gotham are really noteworthy.  The new neighborhoods are nicer, higher class, and have a neat feel.  I really like the big Hotel.*Batcave: Finally we get to go back and forth between Gotham and the cave.  The cave's design is very nice, with good details that give a wink to the prior games (plans for the zipline from AA which has not been fully built yet).* Batwing: You use it to quick travel only, but it's cool.  It would be pain, and unrealistic (within the story/universe) for Batman to jog across the city when he needs to get somewhere.  This is a nice addition.* Nice suit: It's  across between comics and the Christian Bale/Nolan suit.  Love it or hate it... for me, video game adaptions of movies are usually bad, but I always wanted an open world Batman game.  The ways that this Batman looks a little Nolan-y, growls at bad guys, and drives (pilots?) his Batwing through the waterfall into the Cave, all remind me of Nolan stuff (which is a positive for me).* More side missions: It has more than the last game.  They are pretty basic but it adds to the overall Batman experience.* Story: This story is as good as the last two.  It takes you through cool locations and setpieces (like the awesome Gotham hotel)* Characters: This game has some of the corrupt cops from Frank Miller's Batman Year One (my favorite) which was a huge plus for me.The only things it lacks in terms of the complete Batman experience are other playable characters like Robin and Catwoman, but those don't fit the prequel timeframe.Overall, I rate the trilogy (so far) like this:Arkham Asylum A+++ (overall atmosphere, the original)Arkham City A+++ (perfectly brought AA into an open world, great story, just awesome)Arkham Origins A+ (see above)I will continue to play all 3 games for a long time.  I would describe this game as a love letter to fans of Batman Year One, Batman Nolan movies, Batman comics, and Tim Burton's Batman Returns (in appearance only, snowy Christmas theme).If someone told me they were making a Batman game that was an open-world blend of Nolan, Burton, comics, and Miller, I would have been really excited... and I am really happy with this game."
,Recommended,209000,10952780,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,BoGWoR,"Played both Asylum and City, and Origins is definitely the best of the three.I love that they went back to when batman was a myth, the joker was unknown, and batman literally fought the law.The combat is fun and operates very well, especially compared to previous games in the series; I find myself gliding towards any clusters of thugs I find on my way to an objective.I have not finished the game yet, but already I'll give it a score of an 8/10.My major beef with this game is THEY DON'T LET YOU *BE* BATMAN! You play as him, but your creativity is stomped to nil with their illogical limitations.-You can't use certain gadgets on perches, which stops you from doing anything creative in predator rooms, just a cookie cutter experience almost each time.-The usual invisible barriers in places that stop you from doing the entirely possible like fit your remote batarang between horizontal bars.-If you allow me to blow up one window, you better let me do the same to any window that is just like it; This game doesn't.It's probably against Batman's code, but damnit I want to be able to grapple someone and pull them off a damn building. I want to kick, punch, counter, takedown throw them off the roof.   I'm standing on a 6-story building's roof, the thugs are standing in a box. ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t.Great story though.8/10"
76561198041369745,Recommended,209000,10953780,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,Bloodweapon,"Who doesn't want to run around in black tights with a black sheet tied around their neck? Who doesn't want to zip around the city on your own personal zipline? Who doesn't want to drop 30 stories out of the air and kick the♥♥♥♥♥of 30 people at once? If you liked the Dark Knight Trilogy, you'll love these games. The story is actually entertaining and the gameplay is quite fun."
76561198025509977,Not Recommended,209000,10954971,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,blash,"This game is basically Arkham City all over again.If you liked collecting riddler trophies, you will be collecting datadiscs now (but the buttons and switches are alot easier to figure out).If you liked beating up riddler's snitches, you will be beating snitches up again (and guess who's snitches they are).If you liked AR challenges, you will be doing those again (but at least they are alot easier now).the list goes on...only the riddler secrets are missing. argueably they are replaced by different symbols that you have to scan (one of them only visible in detective vision, given you yet another reason to keep it permenently on...), but the difficult part is discovering the locations now instead of riddling which is kind of a loss of depth too.the problem is not that the game reuses old materials and play elements. The problem is that it does nothing else.The city has a few more areas than in Arkham City. But you will find yourself gliding over the same buildings as in Arkham City most of the time.Indoors you will find the same interiors as in Arkham City as well. There are few but very scarce new elements.Story-wise you will see a few new faces that havent been featured before, but most of them desolve a bit too quickly or have very brief screentime.What annoys me most though is the inconsistency of the story, which is supposed to be a prequel to Arkham Asylum. It does a steady job on preparing the setting for it, but in doing that it takes a few too many liberties:A very early stage of Batman, the hero, is being shown. He is still emotionally unsteady and kind of a loner. He is supposed to meet, struggle with and grow on the Joker.Given that awesome scenario, i simply cannot grasp what is made out of it.Why does Joker know Batman already?Why does Blackmask know Batman well enough to hire other villians to assassinate him (who also seem to know Batman already)?Why does Batman know Joker? Batman: ""that name sounds familiar"" Familiar? How can you not remember joker once you meet him?!)How can he ask Alfred for more information about a ""certain Joker"" and immediately get a reply?Why does Bane already have a personal vendetta against Batman?The list goes on.The story would have proved countless opportunities to introduce all those conflicts in Arkham, yet it is very ambivalent and far too brief in it's presentation.The only real highlight of this part of the franchise is the extended Crime Scene inspection. In the old parts you simply had to scan a few objects on the crime scene location and get a bit of dialog between batman and some of his allies. Now you are doing the same, but you are also reconstructing the crime and have to replay it back in forth to find even more points of interest. Unfortunately this highlight is not extended to its full potential yet, but it is a step into the right direction.As negative as my review sounds i would have prefered a neutral rating, since this would have been a solid large DLC or Addon (Developed by the studio WB Games Montreal that took over from Rocksteady). Not more.I can recommend grabbing this on a sale, as long you can live with the technical redundancies."
,Recommended,209000,11007649,"Posted: 1 July, 2014",all,Asambulgarcheobicham,The game is very nice u have the free roam part where u just go around the whole city u have all those cool missions and review cases the logic parts are not so complicated so u wont have a headache from the game and pretty much its cool
,Recommended,209000,11008485,"Posted: 1 July, 2014",all,Arcomador,"Story: Though it seemed shorter than the first two games, they kept the pace of the story moving quite well. (Previous games had some really tedious points). Boss fights were significantly harder. Especially one in particular, but I won't spoil that one for you. (grin)Playability Wise: Controls were identical to previous Batman: Arkham games.World Map: Nearly Identical to Batman: ACLevel Map Design: Here's where I had some issues. Some of the doorways on level maps were buggy to the point where I would glitch out of the map. Sometimes scripted events would glitch.Overall I would rate this game 4/5. Its another great game in the Arkham franchise. Albeit It has it's technical flaws, it makes up for them with first class storytelling."
,Recommended,209000,11167861,"Posted: 10 July, 2014",all,Dwiz,"Fantastic game - I love the whole Batman series. Since Arkham City, the Batman series has been second to none.I really enjoyed Origins as it takes you back to the ""beginning"" where Batman meets Joker and when you play the Cold Cold Heart you get to see where he meets Mr. Freeze. The action and gadgets are awesome.One thing I did run into was on the PC I had a few times where it would hang and not respond. I didn't experience that on the Xbox version - yes I love this series played it on both."
,Not Recommended,209000,11225174,"Posted: 13 July, 2014",all,Fundamentalist Herbertarian,"Exactly the same game as Arkham Asylum and Arkham City ... yet it's not any good.  There are no villains left.  The story is boring and repetitive.  This is an expansion pack at best.  Where is the new content?  Where are the new mechanics?  Where is the fun?  This is a collector fest game?  The stealth aspect is completely disregarded in favor of batman fighting 30 guys at once where he leaps 30 feet between punches.A pure dissapointment.  Even fans of the first two should not expect to enjoy this game.  If it's not on steam sale, don't buy it.Make the next Arkham based on Batman Beyond"
,Recommended,209000,11227200,"Posted: 13 July, 2014",all,I HAVE THE HIGH GROUND!,Orphan Simulator 20133-2/1.
,Recommended,209000,11229427,"Posted: 14 July, 2014",all,CHAR,Fight scenes are cool.
,Recommended,209000,11252794,"Posted: 15 July, 2014",all,the Raven,:)
,Not Recommended,209000,11253881,"Posted: 15 July, 2014",all,DragoonBlade524,"Since I started this game, I've had nothing but a negative experience. First, the camera was way to sensitive. So I go into the options to turn down the sensitivity. There is no option to do so. The only way to turn down the sensitivity is to go into the games files, and change it through there. Too much of a hassle for something that should be a common option. So I get the settings the way I want, then leave for work. I come home after work, excited to play the game. I go to load my save file, and my PC crashes and I have to shut it down. I try again, and the same thing happens. So I decide to just start a new game, and it works fine. Everything goes just fine until I get to the FIRST boss fight. The boss starts disappearing and I can't hit him. I have decided the game is not worth the trouble, and I deleted it from my PC. I wish I could get my money back for this piece of garbage. 0/10."
76561198086164576,Not Recommended,209000,11218844,"Posted: 13 July, 2014",all,istvanlevente,"Why can`t i Play the single player mode? as i start the game the Logo apears and that`s all! won`t even enter the game, if i start the Multiplayer version it runs just fine.. SOMEBODY, ANYBODY PLS HELP!!!"
76561198080745738,Recommended,209000,11219951,"Posted: 13 July, 2014",all,baltruce,One of the best ones so far in my opinion..long enough with not tooooo much stuff repating themselves over and over..
,Recommended,209000,11295800,"Posted: 17 July, 2014",all,ignativss,Awesome game! Play it! ;)
,Not Recommended,209000,16005448,"Posted: 25 May, 2015",all,Devilucia,This game is extremely buggy/glitchy and very clunky controls to it's originals. I would not recommend wasting 1$ let alone 5$. Thumbs Down!
76561198120713318,Recommended,209000,16032301,"Posted: 27 May, 2015",all,|Batchan8943|,"One of the best games of 2014, I played it on xbox360 when it came out so I figured I had to get it on computer. Wonderful game all out great story great free flow good job ROCKSTEADY!"
,Recommended,209000,16033825,"Posted: 27 May, 2015",all,anthony.dercole,"I Have been a huge Batman fan for years, and have played almost all of the games on every console. The first two Arkham games are legendary, and this one is no different! The fighting mechanics are amazing, as well as the detective missions. The story line is phenomenal, and the graphics are amazing! I've played Origins on PS3, xBox 360, and PC, and there are a few issues with each one, but they rarely happen. Occasionally there will be a glitch where you get stuck somewhere, but it can be avoided if you know what you're doing. The only problem with Steam that I've noticed is controller support and achievements. The achievements have never unlocked for me, even though I've beat the game many times, and the controller works, but you have to start the game, unplug the controller, plug it back in, exit the game, and then restart it. All the Arkham games are like that for me. Not sure why it is, since every other game works fine. I cannot wait for Arkham Knight, and hope it is equally as amazing!!!!"
76561198063552326,Recommended,209000,16043427,"Posted: 28 May, 2015",all,Leonardo,Pretty nice game.
76561197971172954,Recommended,209000,15872670,"Posted: 17 May, 2015",all,Pure SKill,"The worst game in the series, but still fun.  Really short main storyline though, pick it up on sale.  Even doing everything but the Riddler crap it still only took 18 hours."
,Recommended,209000,15811567,"Posted: 13 May, 2015",all,alwynd,"Plays a lot like Arkham Asylum and City, but the combat mechanics is sometimes a bit sluggish, and some fights become pretty tedious, still finished the game 3 times, and enjoyed most of it, excellent installment."
76561198163466538,Recommended,209000,15850641,"Posted: 16 May, 2015",all,Coolguy00721,get this game now or you will have no fun
,Not Recommended,209000,15731063,"Posted: 7 May, 2015",all,TheImmortalConquerOfTheUniverse,"BATMAN VS DEADSTROKE! GOOD , EVERYTHING ESLE SUCKED"
76561198022961797,Recommended,209000,11236981,"Posted: 14 July, 2014",all,[Ay] kaizer,Even though this game suffers from various small bugs (that the developers are aware of but refuse to fix) it still has the great combat from the previous two games.  The story  gives interesting back story to the Joker/Batman relationship and is great like the previous games.  The game is very good but you probably should only buy it for less than 10$ just to compensate for the bugs.
76561198022419293,Recommended,209000,11239257,"Posted: 14 July, 2014",all,Ticoooo,"The game is good on it's own, but don't expect the same quality as Arkham Asylum or Arkham City. Also it has too much continuty issues to be considered set in the same universe as these other 2 games."
76561198085484455,Not Recommended,209000,10398144,"Posted: 8 June, 2014",all,MD HELL GEIST,GLITCHY PIECE OF♥♥♥♥♥♥GAME CRASHED MY COMP SEVERAL TIMES ♥♥♥♥ THIS PORT
76561198048644794,Recommended,209000,11175782,"Posted: 10 July, 2014",all,Messiah,"Another 10/10 for a Batman game. If you like epic boss fights and whooping gangsters asses with your big bat balls, this is the game for you. It's a pretty good prequel to Arkham Asylum, worth the buy."
76561198030053017,Not Recommended,209000,11154057,"Posted: 9 July, 2014",all,Darthwookiee,This game is like a crack house filled with bugs. Dont buy
76561197965839609,Recommended,209000,11154112,"Posted: 9 July, 2014",all,h2hjastermereel,"I never bought this game when it came out because of all the negative reviews.  I did pick it up of late on sale and I am glad I did, Other than two very minor bugs I had no issue at all (though it obviously has been patched a fair bit).  Also reviews stated that the game was not as fun as the previous ones but I disagree, the story was amazing with MANY villains, often with them interacting with one another which was cool.  Anyway if you liked the previous games this one is just as good. I put it between Asylum and City in overall enjoyment..."
,Recommended,209000,10929793,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,mrBaDFelix,"Let me state from the begining that Im not a hardcore fan of batman. Im not invested much into canon and I cannot say if Batman: Arkham Origins have continuity issues with other games or not.I enjoyed the♥♥♥♥♥♥out of this game, albeit main story was kinda short (or so it seemed, I was expectin a bit more) I still enjoyed plot a lot and script was written rather well. Can't say about multiplayer part as Im not a fan of multiplayer in this kind of games, so I skipped it all, but campaign was glorious. Although I think that open world can benefit from diversity of side quests.All in all, it's 4/5, would play again."
76561198007670389,Recommended,209000,10931458,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,Seraphim,"Some people say this is just a cash in copy of Batman: Arkham City, and that is true to some extent, it remains the fact that this game is immensly fun. If you are strapped for cash, stick with Arkham City and you'll have a great time, but if you want the fun times to continue, grab this game too."
76561198116046036,Recommended,209000,10933152,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,Drummerboi,This game is really fun and some of the fights are actually pretty cool and hard. Like it took me like a hour just too beat Slade.
,Recommended,209000,10935059,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,Ocenau,"With great unlocks and a great Story, Batman Arkham Origions tops the Batman Arkham Franchise with an early career Batman, The use of the Batcave under Wayne Manor, Various unlocks (Costumes, Gadgets, Abilities), and a lot of side questing. Good luck on your journey... your gonna need it. (I am the Night Mode is hard as Hell!)"
76561197974974574,Recommended,209000,11213711,"Posted: 13 July, 2014",all,Nicky Winter,"3/5, so if you wanted a batman game you got it. fly around, fiddle fancy gadgets and push people around with batfists all the game around. but if you have already played them two previous games, i believe that you will be slightly disappointed with this one.because, you see, those two were more like mgs when this is more like double dragon or final fight. not much of a detective thingies, more like fight everyone with batninjamoves. story sure is fun, and batcivating for most parts but it is shot at you like a train if you dont fool yourself to do some sidequests in between (but not forever since some sidequests demand stuff from mainstory to be even able to solve).graphics are nice even for little aged machine and controls if not taking to count same glitches and problems that have been there since first game are mostly decent.dont pay full price for this one, wait for sale and get the whole batbunch at same battime at same batprice."
76561198183124154,Not Recommended,209000,16121213,"Posted: 1 June, 2015",all,jake101103,the game wont let me counter joker when hes cutting me with the glass shards so i cant finish the game.if you do not fix this i will hold protests against this game for haveing so many gliches and being so under developed for pc.
,Recommended,209000,16126805,"Posted: 1 June, 2015",all,Terribad Enhein,"Definately worth picking up. Took me about 12 hours to beat the main story, and do almost none of the side missions. Figured I would go back and do them after the main game.The multiplayer is a bust, I tried SEVERAL times to get it to work, to only find many threads online about the hackers breaking game lobbies making multiplayer games not work.You can replay through with everything earned through the levels, but meh. I got this for 4.99 on sale, but I dont think id pay more than 25.00 for it"
,Recommended,209000,16180933,"Posted: 3 June, 2015",all,The_one_who_stayed,A Batman game we deserve
,Recommended,209000,16181202,"Posted: 4 June, 2015",all,Arc Nebula,"I ship Batman X Joker, so much!! No seriously, what they have is probably the most unique and interesting relationship, I have ever seen, and this game does a beautifull job in bringing that out.PS-♥♥♥♥ you Bane!!"
76561198092246245,Recommended,209000,16181434,"Posted: 4 June, 2015",all,Blank,I want my money back .
76561198051365701,Recommended,209000,16236419,"Posted: 6 June, 2015",all,sper,good
76561198147902277,Recommended,209000,16241983,"Posted: 7 June, 2015",all,Fulcom Bagtittens,"This game plays like the best of Assassin's Creed ever did. By that I mean that you can free roam the city and do missions at you leisure or just beat the snot out of thugs who roam the streets. This game is just as good as the previous despite the rights changing hands.While you are fighting you really do feel like Batman with all of the intense martial arts and the use of the coolest gadgets money can buy. That being said if you are just button mashing you will fail so you must actually do the work. I like this because Batman is all about hard work. Remember he is not Superman who can just half♥♥♥♥♥anything and is still invincible to most attacks.The graphics are on point. By no means is this GTA V. However, it is clear that a lot of hard work went into it and the finished product is very polished, works very smoothly, and deserves some recognition. You really do feel immersed in the game with a strong sense for the nitty gritty feeling of GothamTo wrap this up I will say that the whole game is content rich and if you don't mind reading you can learn a lot about the characters and really get a feeling for the vast lore behind this game.10/10 Would Cape-Crusade again"
,Recommended,209000,16293703,"Posted: 10 June, 2015",all,Vushan,Its simply awesome!
76561198182211001,Not Recommended,209000,16261981,"Posted: 8 June, 2015",all,griffsadler1,BOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
,Recommended,209000,16265016,"Posted: 8 June, 2015",all,Sam,In this game you make money.So what do you do with that money?Well.You buy more money of course.But what do you do with the money that you just bought with your money hm?Well.You buy even more money to make money with.10/10 would buy money to make even more money with again.
76561198143843850,Recommended,209000,16438995,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,TOBINATOR357,Batman Arkham Origins is a great game for all the Batman lovers the gameplay is challenging with heaps of missions and side missions to do. If you have an Nvidia graphics card then you're lucky because Batman Arkham Origins supports Nvidia's PhyXs technology.Stunning graphicsHardcore gameplayGreat storyI recommend this game to anyone!
,Recommended,209000,16441636,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,Spectronick,10/10
,Recommended,209000,16162816,"Posted: 3 June, 2015",all,PandaKush :),"Bat's can fly, batman can't.-IGN 10/10"
76561198159181646,Recommended,209000,16178410,"Posted: 3 June, 2015",all,My name is Jeff,"i was playing this with dora, and diego and swiper, then boots came and batman messed him up."
76561198030748969,Recommended,209000,12603184,"Posted: 23 October, 2014",all,Toast for Twenty,"It's Christmas night in Gotham. There are rumors in the streets of a new masked vigilante called Batman, but that's just an urban legend. After a few hours Batman discovers that the Black mask has put a hit out for Batman, and a handful of pretty tough villians are the Assassins. The longer the night goes, the more publicity the Batman gets, people realize that he is more than a myth he is the real deal, and you experience it all.That's the main story, with a few twists that I won't spoil. Overall the main story took me 17 hours on easy mode and the main story is only 30% of the game, after completing it you must defeat another handful of villians I.E. The riddler, the penguin, etc. in order to get 100%. After you complete the game entirely I think there is a bonus ending. The game's mechanics are great, basing the combat on real martial arts and there is nothing like a big sandbox Gotham where you can glide around kicking the crap out of bad guys all night.I did have a few issues with the game though. Though the combat is great and always helped me feel like Batman, a baddas bat straight outa hell, there were a few parts of the game that were just plain boring. The boss battles, some of them epic, but some bosses you have to fight in multiple parts of the game and they don't change anything about the boss to make it different. Those boss battles become monotinous, not like ""I'm grinding for XP"" kinda way, more like ""I have to do this again?!"" Kind of way. Another thing I've noticed about the game is a bunch of the levels are obviously recycled from Batman Arkham Asylum, they were linear and with the TV's hanging while the villian talks to you from them is straight from that game but they just change the decor.Overall it was an enjoyable experience, I played on easy mode so I could just enjoy the story  and not have to try very hard. The story and the combat mechanics is what makes this game great, oh, not to mention you're mother♥♥♥♥in' Batman.I give this game 6 out of 10 MF Falco's."
,Recommended,209000,12631910,"Posted: 25 October, 2014",all,Senor Vac,pretty cool
76561197964363124,Recommended,209000,12732469,"Posted: 1 November, 2014",all,Zero,Great game. Worthy of the Arkham titles!
,Recommended,209000,12723688,"Posted: 1 November, 2014",all,Teacher,"Very good game, lots of content!+ gameplay- some bugs"
,Recommended,209000,12723892,"Posted: 1 November, 2014",all,Mango Tango Crisis,"Not as good as the first two Arkhams but still good fun. If you have played the other two, not much has changed just in and smash face."
,Recommended,209000,12717986,"Posted: 31 October, 2014",all,Stealth Star,"I don't know why people give this game crap, it the best arkham game so far in my opinion. Plenty of replay value, good solid story and enjoyable missions."
,Not Recommended,209000,12924568,"Posted: 13 November, 2014",all,olizor,"Ok so after completing the story once, collected all collectables, started new game plus, I have to warn people about what this game is.I love Batman, every Arkham games before I have completed 100% and enjoyed it. This one, everything is less. Level design is very average (the best parts are reworked from Arkham City), the side quests are ridiculously long and not rewarding, it is TERRIBLY buggy even a year after release, the multiplayer component gets boring very quickly, the new gadgets feels really stupid, especially the Shock gloves, which breaks the combat difficulty.BUT, the story is OK, and the combat feels as good as you remember from previous game. Some parts are so awesome, and others feels empty and uninspired. As a canadian, this ""winter storm curfew"" is an insult.Gotta give it to WB Montreal, considering the deadline, they did a good job, but what matters is the end product.And overall, the decision to give it a ""non-recommend"" review is based on the end of the Enigma side quest. Just plain horrible."
76561198082455547,Recommended,209000,12883084,"Posted: 10 November, 2014",all,Smokescreen,"Before you read my review I need to inform you that I am a huge fan of all the Batman Arkham games. I really think that they have very few flaws.This game in my opinion is under rated. That is right I said that a awful somewhat glitchy pc port is under rated. I do not think that what was done with this game optimization wise is exceptable but I still love the game. Honestly at 20 dollars I woulld recomend this game in a heartbeat. Why? The actual story and content of the game is fantastic. Some people say this game is the worst in the series and that it should be bought at a very cheap price. I strongly disagree. There are things that make this game an IMPROVEMENT over Arkham City including an arguably more engaging story, the new item you get for combat a few hours into the game and the objectivley BETTER joker. Yes that is right I said that the joker is better in this game then he is in others even though it is a different actor. Mark Hamill's joker sounds really good but he just sounds to well educated to be in the possisition that he is in. Troy Baker just makes Joker sound like an average person who went through some dark things. I really thought I would just be thinking of Troy Baker as Mark Hamill thoughout the game but I could not help thinking ""THIS IS FANTASTIC MORE MOER MORE"" just because he shifts to sounding insane to normal so well.I insist you give this game a try if you enjoy the other ones. You may even think that it is better then Arkham City. Me I personally think that Arkham city is better but that might be just because I enjoyed the general look of arkham city more then arkham origins."
76561197997114254,Recommended,209000,12931835,"Posted: 13 November, 2014",all,Gand Alf,"I played all 3 Arkham games in a row, and was concerned the combat and flying mechanics would get boring. Luckily, there were enough new mob-types to make combat interesting for a bit longer. Some of the boss fights were genuinely challenging. Unfortunately, the travel animations got tiring, and the story wasn't as interesting as Arkham City. Still, worth $20 price tag."
76561198025049662,Recommended,209000,12916126,"Posted: 12 November, 2014",all,csewrx,"I bought this game because it was on sale or I would not have bought it but after playing it, I actually really, really liked it.  I would definitely recommend it."
76561198049051298,Not Recommended,209000,12917874,"Posted: 12 November, 2014",all,joshua.p.kaiser,"This game was good, however I encountered a glitch and the support team at WB games were not able to fix it."
76561198051136047,Recommended,209000,12919759,"Posted: 12 November, 2014",all,Ol' Uncle Sheo[Gurren],"TL;DR:JUST SHUT UP AND FEED YOUR MONEY INTO THE DISC DRIVE UNTIL THE GAME STARTS DOWNLOADING.No, in all seriousness...The game is good. Much of the actual gameplay is the same as what you find in Arkham City, but the story at least makes it worth playing, especially if you're new to the series. It's also a pretty decent PC port. It runs well, and the keyboard and mouse work well too, but some menus are lacking full mouse support. I'd recommend a controller if you have access to one, but it's probably not worth running out and buying one for it. In conclusion, I'd recommend buying it, whether you're new to the Arkham series or a long-time fan--But if you're new, do yourself a favour and gopick up the other games after you beat this one.Dear god where to begin...In terms of gameplay the game feels literally just like Arkham City. Everything you knew and loved is there(though many of it goes by different names, and there have been several improvements), from the line-launcher to the freeze grenades, hell, even the grapnel boost makes a return--though it's worth mentioning that unlike City, almost all of your gadgets except the batarang and the bat claw must be unlocked through the story.This is both a blessing and a curse. On the one hand, returning players will feel right at home with Origins, but on the other, returning players expecting a new experience will be left wanting. Having entirely completed Arkham City on console in the past, I can tell you that I DEFINITELY didn't enjoy Arkham Origins for its combat, or its puzzles. The addition of skills that do things like double your damage for perfectly time your blows, the addtion of the shock gauntlets, and forcing you to unlock basically all of your takedown moves and gadgets as you go along made combat marginally more interesting, but the change is superficial at best. At the end of the day, you're basically the same old Bat by the half-way mark, and considering how much combat is in the game, that's less than ideal for me.But that doesn't by any means make Origins a bad game. The addition of more casefiles to solve, the intense bossfights with the assassins, and the AMAZING storyline make it totally worth playing. The casefiles are usually a lot shorter and simpler than they were in City, with each one usually lasting 5 to 10 minutes max, not counting the trek from point A to point B to collect the perpetraitor. All the casefiles I've seen so far sans one have been a murder, but the one that wasn't turned into one almost immediately. They're fun as hell though, and there are lots of ways to kill people, so it hasn't run dry for me yet. Outside of those more mundane every-day crimes, you do see the return of several of your favourite arch-enemies from City, such as the Mad Hatter.I don't think anyone will disagree with me when I say that outside of the story, the bossfights are one of the biggest reasons to play this game. They're challenging, fun, and just satisfying as all hell. There's a ridiculous amount of variety in them, more than you'd expect considering what they are, and each boss has to be tackled in an entirely different way. Deadshot becomes a predator challenge, Deathstroke is a 1v1 duel, and Copperhead... Well, I don't want to give too much away, but Copperhead is probably one of my new favourite bosses in any game.Getting back ONTO the story though, that's probably THE number one reason to play this game. It's just fantastic. It's totally unique, and has a twist half-way through that I never saw coming. So far no two missions have been remotely similar, and I can't find a single thing to complain about.One thing I feel like I should mention as I close down this wall of text is the lack of Hamill and Conroy in their usual roles in the Arkham series. As anyone who was following the series will know, Warner Bros Montreal didn't even approach the two stars for the roles of Joker and Batman, because they wanted the characters to sound much younger in the game. And all I have to say is.... Mission bloody well accomplished. I'll be honest, there have legitimately been times where I HAVE FORGOTTEN that I wasn't listening to Conroy and Hamill in this game. Troy Baker and Roger Smith sound ridiculously similar to young Conroy and Hamill--And I mean RIDICULOUSLY similar. Frankly, I'm envious of the impressions. They even nail the smallest mannerisms--well, most of the time. Every now and then things start to sound a little off, but it's usually pretty hard to notice once you really get into the story.In conclusion, it's a good game. I wouldn't say it's great, but it's worth owning, and it's a worthy addition to the Arkham series. In terms of the quality of the port, there isn't much to say. The game runs fine, and for the most part keyboard & mouse works well, but a controller wouldn't be a bad idea. There are a few occasions where the buttons feel awkward, and a few menus where the mouse doesn't work, but it's tollerable. Just make sure you rebind those damn quicklaunch keys. :P"
,Recommended,209000,12612398,"Posted: 24 October, 2014",all,JimmyPage666,"The Arkham series has been a strong favourite of mine in recent years. From Asylum’s fantastic story to City’s excellent free roaming mechanics and combat, they have really set the standard for both licensed games and 3rd person action games. It’s therefore fair to say that Origins is disappointing. Given that it's a prequel, the common synonym for ""cash-in"", it's fairly predictable that this game would be a little substandard.Origins is based short while after Bruce Wayne has become Batman. He is still seen as a criminal, the police are after him and he has no allies. He has a lot of work to do, with gangs ruling Gotham, systemic police corruption and a massive bounty on his head. The goal is to defeat the many assassins coming to collect, while trying to stop the villain who's posted the bounty.Guess what, it's The Joker. What a surprise. Some new antagonists please? The Batman universe has plenty of villains that could carry a game on their own.Along the way Batman learns a bit about teamwork and making allies. It's a story that has been told many times before, but it serves well enough as a way to move things along.It's pretty obvious that this game falls into the category of ""more of the same"". The game is familiar; you can roam Gotham as Batman, stalking criminals, solving murders and fighting gangs, but Origins takes the copy-paste plan a little too far. For one, many of the assets are literally identical to City, with unchanged NPC models and a good portion of the map cloned from the previous game, though in fairness the rest of the map is very well designed. Gameplay is similarly unoriginal, with very little to distinguish it from City, though in this instance I can't complain. Apart from the combat feeling a little clunky this round, the core mechanics still hold up very well. I greatly enjoyed prowling around as Batman and found the predator sections, where you are called on to stealthily clear a room of hostiles, to be immensely satisfying.There's plenty to do aside from the main campaign, with a couple of NG+ modes that ramp up the difficulty, as well as the challenge maps to pad things out. There are the usual Riddler Trophy collectibles where the challenge is less in finding them, more in solving the puzzle to grab them. What I liked the most were the side quests; there are several crimes around the city that need solving, usually in the form of a murder. What is new here is the ability to recreate the crime scene in the detective vision mode, where you calculate the trajectory of the bullet from the blood splatter and so on. It’s used a couple of times in the main story but I enjoyed it more in the various side missions.Arkham Origin's is a fairly mediocre game by Arkham standards, but it's still an Arkham game which puts it way ahead of other games in the genre. It's worth a play for fans of the series, but I'd recommend waiting for Arkham Knight.My Score:7/10"
76561198059681340,Not Recommended,209000,11946085,"Posted: 1 September, 2014",all,Klippity Klopp,BAD STORY. MOSTLY BAD VOICE ACTING. NO STEALTH. NOT MEMORABLE.Best Bit: closing the game5/10ps. I love the other 2 arkham games so i'm not just a hater (mate). oh and message me if you wanna know why the story is so bad
76561198007263974,Recommended,209000,12502779,"Posted: 15 October, 2014",all,hogan_350,"Not quite as innovative or impressive as Arkham City, but certainly very entertaining, and a worthy installment in the Arkham series."
76561198032495681,Recommended,209000,12505437,"Posted: 15 October, 2014",all,Xarr,"Wow, goooooooood game."
,Recommended,209000,12572717,"Posted: 19 October, 2014",all,Hobbzillian,"In some ways, it is better than Arkham City. A more streamlined narrative and less gameplay clutter makes this latest Batman an underrated hit! Most of the bugs are gone and the game has been optimized fairly well. There is a great story here worth your time and some of the most creative level design in the series yet."
76561198134797274,Recommended,209000,12573797,"Posted: 19 October, 2014",all,Aaron,"This game gets a lot of flack for being the worst in the series. Yes, that is true. It is the worst in the series. But in no way does that mean it is a bad game. If this had been the first game in the series, it would have gotten 9s or 10s from reviews. The only thing is you arent getting as much advancement in gameplay mechanics as you would like. but the game still holds up as being great, and i love it.I recommend playing the trilogy in this order. Origins. Asylum. City. that way you see the story as it should be, and while you loose a lot of manuverability in asylum, it still feels a lot better in that order."
76561198060100252,Recommended,209000,12574884,"Posted: 19 October, 2014",all,Mutasim,loved the game and the graphics unbileiveble amazingthe special thing about this game was how detailed it was <3
76561198006562154,Recommended,209000,12575404,"Posted: 19 October, 2014",all,space,ITS BATMAN
76561198054066110,Recommended,209000,14327747,"Posted: 4 February, 2015",all,Scrube,Batman arkham ♥♥♥♥♥♥? Not its good
,Recommended,209000,14328603,"Posted: 4 February, 2015",all,P1MP SL4Y3R,"You can feel on this its not the same team that made the previous two, but they made a really good ""origin"" game. The new voice actor for Batman is voicing Ezio from Assassin's Creed and it's marvelous. The new suit is amazing, love it."
76561197968197533,Recommended,209000,14336976,"Posted: 5 February, 2015",all,TheHope4Mankind,8/10
,Recommended,209000,14340418,"Posted: 5 February, 2015",all,EI LITA RØYETANG,I love this game!!!
,Recommended,209000,14340598,"Posted: 5 February, 2015",all,Dingus Fingus,This game is enjoyableif you haven't played Arkham City and Arkham Asylum...
,Recommended,209000,14159692,"Posted: 25 January, 2015",all,The Label Gamer,"Awesome addition to the series... Definitely worth a buy. If you liked any of the others, you will definitely like this one too. Buy it when its on sale, its a good bargian."
,Recommended,209000,14191711,"Posted: 27 January, 2015",all,holymoo,"I was left with the feeling that Batman Arkham City was a better game; however, it was still a pretty good game. The gameplay mechanics feel extra polished; however, there were multiple times during the game that I felt like I was just grinding through it. The level design inside the buildings made it difficult to figure out which direction I needed to go. Overall it was worth the play and I'm looking for the next version in the series."
76561197990461242,Not Recommended,209000,14121153,"Posted: 22 January, 2015",all,anchovyaddict,I hate big boss fights now. It was okay in Doom II but not now that I'm older. Game companies still follow the same old formula - big boss fights and lots of tedious looting or collecting.I'd like to see more games like Spec Ops - the line.
,Not Recommended,209000,14105123,"Posted: 21 January, 2015",all,Dunkel,One word. Deathstroke.
,Recommended,209000,14110119,"Posted: 22 January, 2015",all,michaelx25a,great game. that is all.
,Recommended,209000,14096992,"Posted: 21 January, 2015",all,DarksideLawliet,"After the masterpieces Arkham City and Arkham Asylum, Arkham Origins is the weak of link, however it doesn't mean it's worth playing.This game focuses on expanding the Arkham universe with more characters and also old ones from previous games, the game is somewhat laggy, the dynamic voice acting duo Mark Hamill and Kevin Conroy are not present in this game despite the replacing actors being really good at giving atmosphere and emotion to the game and the absense of the developper Rocksteady.The scenery is the same from Arkham City so it's ocasionally repetitive.New Gadgets, story about the origins of the characters and lots of twists and turns.An innovation to this franchise is the Multiplayer mode but it becomes repetitive after a while.Buy this game after playing the other 2 and if you're into the story and the multiplayer mode you'll love it but it just remains overshadowed by the remaining Arkham games."
76561198045824282,Recommended,209000,14102037,"Posted: 21 January, 2015",all,JJ,"Great game, well worth the play for any Batman fan!"
76561198049260692,Recommended,209000,14240766,"Posted: 30 January, 2015",all,Kez,"Whilst it doesn't have any shark-repellant bat spray, it still worth looking into if you are a fan of the arkham game series."
,Not Recommended,209000,14245534,"Posted: 30 January, 2015",all,Dark,Its not bad as such but its the same as the last two Batman games. I am about a hour in and am fed up of tapping x to win every fight or double tapping a when the boss is about to do his special move. At least with the others you had the joker story but this is just dull.
76561198048908940,Not Recommended,209000,14316957,"Posted: 3 February, 2015",all,Rile Slapcheek,When i press the counter button there is a few focus groups held on whether or not batman will counter followed by the topic presented to the team manager before a final vote on the outcome. Sadly in the time it took for the beaurocratic debate to finalize batman now has a glitched out ninja sword in his head and his cape is mangled in a ritual to the lord satan.What the hell WB Studios?
76561198172091749,Recommended,209000,14382321,"Posted: 7 February, 2015",all,david_bukan007,this is fantastis game
76561198032179024,Recommended,209000,13636233,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,caravelaa,"Loved this darker, young and unrefined side of the Batman, excellent storyline keeps you wanting more and more. Freeze shouldn't have been a DLC tho -.- Still it's a good game. +1 Recommend"
,Recommended,209000,13637163,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,brew me a potion,a well made game was enjoyed by it alot it wasnt too real and the plot idea were amazing 9.9/10 the tiny problem was that was hard to spot out where to go next but amazing
76561198027699652,Recommended,209000,10475741,"Posted: 14 June, 2014",all,Mr Laugh-A-Lot,"----.WARNING! A LARGE AMOUNT OF ANNEALING AHEAD! READER DISCRETION ADVISED.----DISCLAIMER! I played this on PC with keyboard and mouse, so I have no record of XBOX360, Playstation or XBOX360-controller experience with this game.Can't say much negatives about this game. It has everything an open-world superhero game could wish it had:A voluminous enviroment filled with interesting side missions and baddies  talking either about the Main Story events, aftermaths of the previous games, or stuff. Just stuff. Nothing special. So keep an ear out for those blabbermouths.An utilitarian yet simple combat system which by the way has improved a bit from the last game, which already had a stupendous one. And that's telling something!A wide range of interesting characters (aside from regular henchmen) with intriguing personalities and backstories.Only sad part about this game is that the Jokers voice actor has changed. This will mostly affect just the fans of the series and those who played the previous Arkham-titles. Jokers new voice actor (Troy Baker) does a pretty good work in my opinion. So if you are new to the series, you won't get bothered by this.DISCLAIMER! I have played the previous Arkham-titles and I am too a bit doleful for the loss of Mark Hamill.As far as I have played, the game hasn't shown any problems considering the game mechanics.So with a pat in the back and a Joker grin, I recommend this game to you, dear reader, to be bought in the near future. Have you played the previous titles or not, this will satisfy your needs for the ultimate superhero, open-world experience.If you are considering, buy it. Just buy it. Give yourself a reason not to (exept an empty Steam-wallet)."
76561198142145406,Recommended,209000,13308936,"Posted: 10 December, 2014",all,TRIANGLE,Superb! Awesome!10/10Really like firefly
,Recommended,209000,13587638,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,b4rat4,Not as good as the first two but still a pretty good game. Sale pick for sure
,Recommended,209000,13723702,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,meta gemini,"Arkham Origins is what I would call a not-so-great game in an awesome series. The absurd success of the previous Arkham games makes it very difficult to dislike Origins. However, it doesn't by far reach the awesomeness of Asylum and City. The graphics are great, however the characters may look a little cartoonish in a close-up (just like in AC). The story is amazing, and gives you that ""I know what's going to happen in the future"" feeling. The voice acting is, of course, flawless, and the game mechanics are pretty much like Arkham City's. The biggest problem with Origins, in my opinion, the motion capture. When not in a cutscene, you can see the mouth movement is extremely bad and breaks the barrier of realism completely. The mocap in cutscenes is great, but the image quality goes down to near 480p, which really made me angry. The missions are easy and somewhat boring, and IREALLYmissed the large ammount of stealth predator encounters of the previous games. I am well aware that this game was made in a hurry, so I'll have to wait for Arkham Night to pass a veredict on the Arkham series. I am recommending the game, but I can't say it is great. Sorry, Splash Damage, you are never going to be as awesome as Rocksteady."
,Recommended,209000,13707409,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,☠Spy☠,really fun must get!!
76561198057691854,Recommended,209000,7831305,"Posted: 29 November, 2013",all,Optimus Dad,Batman vs 9 people that are potrayed more interesting and dynamic than himself.
,Recommended,209000,7833026,"Posted: 29 November, 2013",all,chris,"Better than Asylum, Not quite as good as City, but worth a play."
76561198084419472,Recommended,209000,7833136,"Posted: 29 November, 2013",all,[e.GG.s][ajr]Francis2k,Awesome game! This game is on my top list of my favorite games! :D
,Recommended,209000,7891844,"Posted: 2 December, 2013",all,2Doot4Me,"Is good, Is Batman, is 10/10 would bat again"
,Recommended,209000,7873283,"Posted: 1 December, 2013",all,Pazool™,"Good Fun to play, although if you are looking for something new and refreshing to the last games then you may not want to get this as it is very similar to the other games."
,Recommended,209000,7877014,"Posted: 1 December, 2013",all,Joshua Tree,WOH I AM BATMAN
,Recommended,209000,7842245,"Posted: 30 November, 2013",all,Sassy4Satan,"Single Player Review:Arkham Origins is not too bad of a game compared to the first two, Arkham Asylum, and Arkham City. It's an Arkham game, it's bigger than Arkham City, and is somewhat more challenging compared to the first two in combat. This time around it seems as if there are way more enemies trying to hit you while you're ina  big fight, so you have to pay extra attention. The only problem with this Arkham release that I have an issue with, are the boss fights. Many of them seem reused from Arkham City, and Asylum. Without giving away too much, one of the early fights is a straight rip off of one of the main boss fights in Arkham City. Yet they do bring in some fun boss fights, so it ain't too bad.This time around, fast traveling is brought to the Arkham series. Bigger city, might as well help out the gamer with giving the option for fast travel. But fast travel is not given, you have to earn it, and it is not as simple as showing up to an area and it's unlocked. Trophies make a return, but this time they are not as challenging as the ones in Arkham City. Crime scene investigations are back as well, but this time they require you to do more than just scan an area and thats it, you're ready for the next objective. Some found this to be annoying, I actually liked it.As for enemies out and about int the open world, this time there are more enemies armed with guns. Again, making situations more challenging. The gadgets remain the same pretty much, but instead of a line launcher, this time you get a gadget from one of the bosses that acts the same, but without the freedome of the line launcher. You do also pick up some gadgets form some of the bosses, but not all of them.When I was done playing Arkham City, I completed my original playthrough and new game+ 100% (played City on console, and never got the calender man achievement). But this game just didn't grasp me as much as the first two. It is not a bad game, I would actually recommend it to my friends, but when I was done with the story, I didn't feel the need to continue. Another thing, this game did seem to be more violent and darker than the first two. That I did like a lot.I played Arkham Origins on a gamepad and had no issues at all. It was smooth, and I enjoyed it all the way through. The combat is still as smooth as Arkham City, so if you have played Arkham City, you'll know that the combat in Origins is pretty good.In the end, I enjoyed it, but the boss fights were easy, and the story was not bad. If you enjoyed the first two, then I would recommend this game. Even first timers to the Arkham series will enjoy it. But if you like Asylum over City, then I don't think you will get much out of this.My personal opinion is AC>AA>AO."
76561198070622133,Recommended,209000,7842821,"Posted: 30 November, 2013",all,DES csgogem.com,"EPIC GRAPHICS EPIC GAME PLAY , JUST MINDBLOWING"
,Recommended,209000,7692226,"Posted: 18 November, 2013",all,EF,"I loved Asylum- it's ""claustrophic"" horridors/hallwys. I loved City due to it's open world.What I noticed when first fighting croc/whoever alligator man is, I started to notice something---- SUBTLE celll shading, which I DESPISE.Despite a new team making this title, and not the ""award winning' devs rom the first 2 B-man game, this is still pretty damn good. Combat is slightly different.Still I recommend this to the 1st two games fans.9.5/10"
76561198083715392,Recommended,209000,7836745,"Posted: 29 November, 2013",all,Critical Hits,"I HAVE BEEN HERE BEFORE.remember when you picked up and played batman arkham asylem? how cool it was and how fresh it felt. remember how you wish it was bigger, taking place beyond the walls of arkham. and how arkham city actually did just that but still felt confined. god if only it would make this game bigger. well. here it is...and oddly, its just enough.When you start playing it the controlls and look of the game feel exactly the same, in fact all of your upgrades are still there from the last game. and it plays nice. only its got issues. and they are odd issues.some enemys blink in and out of exsistance. some (like crock) glich out and go away. there are ways to trap yourself in the map, and it seems to have framerate issues on higher end video cards. (that could be my settings tho) but while gothem has been expanded on it still feels small. and i think it has to do with its engine. lots of detail everywhere but the city has an odd look to it. and there just doesn't seem to be anyplace that would be consided a road. it feels less like a city and more like a big level. much the same way that arkham city felt too enclosed. still. there was lots to like about this game.enemys are plentiful. almost too plentifull. it could have been dragged out a bit longer, and had a few more levels with mad hatter or even scarecrow.Over all. it plays awesome even if it is more like an expansion game to the arkham line. well worth the effort.the multiplayer kinda doesn't work for me tho. too much lag and stutterit lacks the drama and intensity of previous arkham games, feeling like a bit of a set up for 1 and 2. but still its worth it.and i really liked the crimescene analisis part as well. made it work out right.but whos origins is this about anyway? every bad guy was well done. but these guys are mostly c list baddies. and for the last time. make costumes something we can unlock instead of pay for. its not something we will ever drop a lot of cash on. and really it just brakes the fun part of the game. playing through spiderman over and over to unlock all his suits was a pain but it was more fun then finding out they want another 5 bucks.the next batman game needs to be gothem city, and needs to have more people to save. and maybe situations where its better to go as bruce wayne. quick changing into batman to try and save things with half the gear. would be cool too."
,Recommended,209000,7527198,"Posted: 31 October, 2013",all,#MasterKimChi,"Shut up and take my money!It's another Batman game!It’s as good as Batman: Arkham City in most ways, having inherited an outstanding combat system, but it lacks interesting ideas of its own, and it’s missing the polish and attention to detail that makes Arkham City and Arkham Asylum great action games.9.6 out of 10."
76561198087371842,Recommended,209000,7898241,"Posted: 3 December, 2013",all,yijunliu12,"As much as I love batman game this one is still good. But Batman origin lose so much from the previous predecessor: Arkham city and Arkham Ayslum had .Firstly this game is fill with many bugs (fix by now).The voice acting of new batman is .. medicore however the new joker voice acting is actually perfect just like Mark hamill . Additonaily the some boss battle feel a bit too repetitive. On the other hand , the way the story is told is amazing with many twist and turn.In my conclusion the game is great for newbie and anyone who has not play the previous batman game .However if you are looking for the Rocksteady batman game , you might be disappointed."
,Recommended,209000,7901328,"Posted: 3 December, 2013",all,Dario,"Map is very big, great visuals, awesome gameplay. Buy this game!"
76561198012854080,Recommended,209000,7881913,"Posted: 2 December, 2013",all,Jasker1453,Good game But Arkham City is better in M.O.P But still good and will have fun with it for a while can't wait intill next one. If they are making one.
76561198084371418,Recommended,209000,7882453,"Posted: 2 December, 2013",all,Jo Haul,Warner bros did it!!! best game in the series!
76561198037001499,Recommended,209000,7882532,"Posted: 2 December, 2013",all,Cthulhu Guy,Seriously? What you expect? This game is amazing.
,Recommended,209000,7883357,"Posted: 2 December, 2013",all,The Mizer,"Para quem tem saudades da trilogia do filme e gosta dos dois primeiros jogos city e asylum,esse jogo retrata bem isso, se você jogar dublado, é como se o christian Bale estivesse interpretando o papel do Batman no jogo, a sensação é ótima, ja os pontos negativos do jogo é que o motor gráfico não é muito bom na minha opinião lembra o gráfico de assassin's creed 3, acho  que Batman arkham city e Batman arkham asylum tem gráficos mais detalhados e cores vivas, só que se você é Fã de Batman, esses detalhes descritos aqui cai por terra, porque o jogo é do &quot♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥quot; isso dizendo de fã para fã !"
76561198024510654,Recommended,209000,13809649,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,SenSei,"Although this game had a lot to live up to, following Batman: Arkham Asylum and Batman: Arkham City, I feel that this game has done an excellent job of filling the gap until Arkham Knight is released. I have had absolutely no complaints against this series, each story is unique, in depth, and all round incredible.If you love Batman, you have to get this."
,Recommended,209000,14522052,"Posted: 17 February, 2015",all,Flep,"Yes, I'm Batman"
76561198001586432,Not Recommended,209000,14534351,"Posted: 18 February, 2015",all,Lupus,"Gameplay wise this game is more of the same as the previous games. Bug wise, this one is worse. I have encountered a bug that hinders my further progression through the storyline because a scene with Copperhead will not initialise. It is impossible to proceed after roughly 22 procent gameplay. No fixes planned by the lovely devs. Why would they, they have the money, it's not like customer satisfaction should be sought or quality for that matter. If I sound♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ it's because I am. A waste of money."
,Recommended,209000,14546526,"Posted: 19 February, 2015",all,iPhoTni,Mêu é Legal o Modo n Online o Online é Meio Ruim Mais o Jogo Em Si é Legal
,Recommended,209000,13897188,"Posted: 8 January, 2015",all,Odyssey,i love it.
,Recommended,209000,13880303,"Posted: 7 January, 2015",all,Beef Kaker,"If you don't have Arkham City, get that first, it's a better game and very very similar. If you've completed Arkham City and want more then get this, there are glitches in it even now but if you can work round them you have more of the same in a slightly different (earlier in time) Gotham.It's not a bad game, it's just not as good as Arkham City and incredibly similar."
,Recommended,209000,13880326,"Posted: 7 January, 2015",all,Blazur,More of the same but still an excellent game. There's tons of stuff to do and the combat is as fluid as ever.I like how as you progress through the game Batman's costume visibly shows more damaged.
,Recommended,209000,13884875,"Posted: 7 January, 2015",all,Living Room Set - $799,"I've played all the Batman Arkham games so far and I loved them all INCLUDING this one. I definitely reccommend it and I can't wait for Arkham Knight in May! The only thing I can tell you is if you're a Batman fan like me, then play it! You won't be disappointed."
,Recommended,209000,13886274,"Posted: 7 January, 2015",all,Dry Water,"Great game with a good story about batman in his early days. Decent hours on this game for completing the regular main story, tons more side quests to do. My second favorite batman game. Best optimization and best graphics out of all three."
,Recommended,209000,14282357,"Posted: 1 February, 2015",all,Al Swearengen,Absolutely superb. on par with arkham city.
76561198024933531,Recommended,209000,14283392,"Posted: 1 February, 2015",all,T}{E,"The game has some good points and some bad poitns that take a good game and make it an exercise in frustration and futility.Basically, it's Arkham City. Not as good as a story but still enjoyable. The game introduces a few new bad guys to the mix, and some new boss fight types.This is where things go downhill, especially in game plus mode. Some of the boss fights are almost unplayable because of the way they are scripted. I have beaten game plus on Arkham City and Arkham Asylum on hard mode on the Xbox360 and never had the kind of controller breaking frustration on those as I have in Game Plus in Origins.For example, The deadshot fight ends with him taking a hostage. This is scripted. There is no way around this. Instead of dealing with the long predator fight I decided to try and short cut by just repeated beatdowns after taking out most of his first wave of help. Normally when deadshot gets to a certain health level he takes a hostage. If you (like me) decide to just do continuous waves of beatdowns on him to end the fight quickly, well, tough- I ended up loosing the mission twice because I was seen by the hostage taker when he didn't actually have a hostage. And was on the other side of the map. And in the middle of a beat down at the time. So if he's low on health you literally have to run away from him while he's down so he can take a hostage and you can beat him that way.Seriously?The Bane fight at the hotel is worse- Bane's abilities and moves are so inconsistent it just seems like sometimes the game has determined you are going to take a hit even before Bane has started his attack so there is nothing you can do to avoid or counter it. Soemtimes he can change direction in mid charge so if you dodged- tough. Especially since his hit box extends about 3 feet away from any part of his body. Sometimes he can punch you while you are doing a cape stun, sometimes he can't, and there is no way to tell until you've been hit for massive amounts of damage.Even some of the regular fights are just plain maddening because of the mix of enemies. I've never been a fan of the armored bad guys because they take you combat focus and you can't damage them unless it's a beat down, which means you can't be interrupted for a few seconds. So fighting armored guys is a doubel whammy.With the AI in Origins it seems to me like the bad guys are much more prone to run towards you all the time so things tend to get crowded quickly- it's hard to isolate someone. So you can ignore the armored guys until last, but in some fo the street fights you may have 3 or 4 armored guys to deal with. Because they are always rushing you it is very difficult to actually do a super stun on any of them to thin the herd and if you try a beat down you *might* get in one punch before having to block someone else.Fortunately normal game mode isn't as bad, but stay away from game plus unless you just want to rage at the guys who wrote this. Don't get me wrong, all of these problems exist in the regular game as well, but because the bad guys do less damage (in boss battles) and the regular fights aren't quite so poorly mixed it's not as much of an issue.There is also an ""I am the night"" mode where if you die, game over. I might have been willing to try that on Asylum or City, but there is no way I am going to touch that in Origins.Another change from the previous games- some of the perks are granted for completing various ranks in a series of in-game challanges. You only get credit for completing these in order, and they are all over the board in difficulty. Worse, the way that the game grades your performance seems a bit wonky at times- take down 3 guys with guns, 2 armored guys,  2 guys with a shield, and at least one guy with a knife and it will rate the fight as extreme danger. Get punched once by one guy and you drop to a B+ rating. Take away one guy with a shield and the danger drops to high, but even if you don't get a scratch you may only get a B+ rating on it because it wasn't dangerous enough. I dunno, it just comes across as arbitrary. I wouldn't care since I've hit level cap and can't actually get any more XP, but some of the challanges tie to this stuff and it makes it hard to comlpete some of them regardless of how well I do. Not to mention that some of the challanges are just really hard to set up in the first place.I recommend buying the game if it's on sale cheap- because game plus ended up being virtually unplayble in parts (certainly it's a lot less fun) it really cuts down on the replayability of it. I paid $10 for it and feel like I should get $5 of that back because I can't play half the game without wanting to beat the developers with a baseball bat."
,Not Recommended,209000,14285080,"Posted: 1 February, 2015",all,dajano56,"Glitched and broken af, fast travel barely works and the cutscenes lag horrendously. It would be a good game if it werent for the brokeness."
,Recommended,209000,13967160,"Posted: 13 January, 2015",all,MajorLeagueGeek,"Amazing game, but you do need a bit of a beefy graphics card."
76561198058361235,Recommended,209000,13943661,"Posted: 11 January, 2015",all,SpandexSuperstar,I loved it just as much as the other two Arkham games. 8/10
76561198145952188,Not Recommended,209000,13945457,"Posted: 11 January, 2015",all,NewbieDatBoi,well on my computer its super glitchy goes black screnn randomly enemys start flashing sound ramdomly turns of its pretty bad for me atleast
76561198070408626,Recommended,209000,13946719,"Posted: 11 January, 2015",all,TheLegend26,i like it a lot.
,Recommended,209000,13540003,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,A Stranger,"The prequel to Arkham Asylum and the latest in the Batman Arkham series all I can say is; what a game! challenging story and sidequest for hours of gameplay. It wouldnt be complete without all the gadgets from remote controlled baterangs to shock gloves. Gaphics are pretty good and would totally recomend this game to all ya (which is what i'm doing now)Don't read this if you don't what to have spoiled story:Deadshot and Shiva don't even appear in the main storyline dispite being important to it (which kinda annoyed me) and several of the other assassins go down too easyTN-1 fueled Bane is the best boss fight but lets face it, he's f***ed up"
76561198034100918,Not Recommended,209000,13952773,"Posted: 11 January, 2015",all,GODOFWAR,A bit disappointed with this game which is why I bought it on a steam sale looking at the reviews from the first initial release of it. I almost felt that this game was a repackaged release of arkham city except that the joker is younger and the rest of the cast of villians are lessor know people.
,Recommended,209000,13952895,"Posted: 11 January, 2015",all,noiorbase,I'm Batman!
76561198062781352,Recommended,209000,9019670,"Posted: 8 February, 2014",all,Desjani,recommendations are gay
,Recommended,209000,13920199,"Posted: 9 January, 2015",all,X GON GIVE IT TO YA,boothy
,Recommended,209000,14042555,"Posted: 17 January, 2015",all,Matches Malone,"Don't believe the hate!I've read reviews where this game is discarded simply because Rocksteady DARE not to develop it.Hey, reviewer? ♥♥♥♥ you.This game is FUN. And at the end of the day, that's all we need. The game is the real deal."
76561198137916356,Recommended,209000,14045140,"Posted: 17 January, 2015",all,RradcirclesS,"Arkham Origins is a great game, set about five years before Arkham Asylum (2009), when Batman is only beggining his carreer, and his worst foes are yet to come. Prowl the streets of Gotham City, as you complete action-packed missions and take on several dangerous assasins, all trying to collect your head on Christmas Eve for $50,000,000, and show them not to mess with the Batman.NOTE:This game DOES contain severel glitches varying for different players, and you can ask for help in the forums of the game, with the short cut on the page in your library (answers not guarenteed)."
76561198144276036,Recommended,209000,14025199,"Posted: 16 January, 2015",all,vivraine,"I have all the Arkham series under my belt and I heavily am infatuated with them all, however for this game, I'm 50/50.What compels me to write a review is that there are so many glitches. I get that PC games are more prone to glitches than consoles but this ate my patience away like a mofo. I was not happy in that regard. That was the most disappointing aspect of this game. There are other mild ""meh"" issues such as the Arkham City-based mechanics, lack of Conroy and Hamill (still props to Smith and Baker), and unchallenging, easy-to-put-to-sleep enemy henchmen. In addition, I came with the notion, per game trailers, that Black Mask would be the main villain; I was heavily disappointed that he was not.This is the weakest of all the Arkham games.But, I must say, I appreciate the storyline, the genesis of Batman, again I'm all about ""datplot"", and it was a villain feast to fight mano a mano (a very fair introduction to the less heard villains of the Batman universe), and of course, there were definitely some good lines that touches the pathos.So, if you have the patience of a saint for 'em glitches (which I don't have) and an affinity to Batman and everything Batman (which I have tremendous amount of), this a good addition to your gaming arsenal.Tip for the plebeian: Just get it when it's on sale."
76561198001632974,Not Recommended,209000,14036498,"Posted: 17 January, 2015",all,Ironymous Bosch,"Going from Arkham Asylum to Arkham City, the Batman games changed a fair bit. Free roaming the city was novel if a little empty, the bossfights were much improved, and while they weren't particularly fleshed out the optional plotlines with some of the other villains were a nice addition.In comparison, Arkham Origins brought nothing new to the series that City didn't already do. It feels like a lazy imitation made with no imagination at any point in its creative process. Even on technical aspects it feels not as tight as City and while playing it I couldn't help but feel that my time would be better spent just replaying the first two games."
,Recommended,209000,12949060,"Posted: 15 November, 2014",all,Phaze,Great game
76561198048573156,Recommended,209000,7629161,"Posted: 11 November, 2013",all,Hatsu,"Pretty much just a fresh coat of paint  on Arkham City, with slight improvements in some aspects of the game, but retrogrades in others. Still fun to elbow punks then break thier face over your knee."
,Recommended,209000,12939765,"Posted: 14 November, 2014",all,krakocollo1,ILOVETHISGAAAAAAAAAAAAAME
,Recommended,209000,12945708,"Posted: 14 November, 2014",all,Roadhog,LOVE IT
76561198089233539,Recommended,209000,7475306,"Posted: 25 October, 2013",all,Yohiko,Ze Best !!
,Recommended,209000,7808028,"Posted: 28 November, 2013",all,JJWcool,"This is a game I would recommend is you love Arkham Asylum. Gameplay plays very much like on Arkham City. The Characters of Arkham Origins are the best of the game, Troy Baker does a good impression to Mark Hamill's Joker while Roger Craig Smith did a nice balance between Kevin Conroy and Christian Bale. Black Mask is an interesting Antagonist for Batman to fight off as well as the other Batman Villians including the Boss Fights. There are some bugs and some copy-and-paste moments that ruin the game but it's not a major problem. Multiplayer is interesting but does not hold my interests for long. If you're still quite unsure of this Batman Prequel, I'd recommend getting it on discount."
76561198047785171,Recommended,209000,7808665,"Posted: 28 November, 2013",all,EkAn818,"I want to start of by saying, im a loyal fan to the arkham series and I have played both asylum and city. This game is nothing but more of what I love with the series so much, the free flow combat is great  the predator encounters fells good to. They even added multiplayer this year. The multiplayer is great but it would have been better if you could find matches more quickly and if there were more maps.Story: The story is good I like the concept with eight assassin but I would have prefered if the assassins teamed up to kill batman or something. Instead of some being side missions and some main story. The story is at the best at the end of the game. The boss fights feels okay, I would have prefered if the elctrocutioner boss fight was better. Otherwise it feels good.The game is great and I did not stumble on into glitches. Only one but I think its fixed now. 9/10"
,Recommended,209000,7816928,"Posted: 28 November, 2013",all,Strategyboyz21,"Very good combat and gameplay and a pretty good story. Not as good as Arkham City, but I didn't expect it to even touch Arkham City. A good addition to the franchise. If you enjoy the Arkham series you will enjoy this"
76561198084492516,Recommended,209000,7819848,"Posted: 28 November, 2013",all,[e.GG.s]HitmanCodename47,"This game is definetely awesome but the game producers need to fix a little bit of bugs. But still ,it is the best game I have ever played in my life!!!"
,Recommended,209000,7512118,"Posted: 29 October, 2013",all,Rat Year,"This game is plagued by Arkham City. The story is great and will keep you entertained for the whole game. It easily has the best writing in all the series, but is still a little comicy. However, the story creates a much deeper characterization of many important characters, something that was definitely needed in these games. The voice acting is great, and you only notice the new cast if you are really listening for it, if not you’ll just here the normal joker and the normal batman, The gameplay is exactly like past games, fast and free flowing, however it does little to improve this, yeah there might be some new gadgets but overall it does not improve on much. The two new enemies add variety which was much needed but it feels lacking. There is still a strong stealth element in the gameplay which is nice, but again it lacks innovation. The graphics make the game look amazing and the PhysX helps to immerse you into the environment, there is also a very good amount of settings for the game. The challenges mode is also fun and leaves much replay ability as you try to string the best combos possible. Multiple locations and characters also make it feel fresh and exciting. Multiplayer is the new edition, the game mode is actually fun and very fast paced. However it is lacking variety and has a very small community. There were some bugs and glitches in the release but I assume that most of them will be fixed soon, however it is still disappointing to see so many glitches, bugs, and crashes. The open world is now much larger but feels empty. Besides the random crime in progress or the side missions there isn't much to do as you glide around. On that note there is plenty of side missions that will keep you entertained much after the story. The new detective mode abilities are awesome but are way too easy as the game basically tells you what to scan next, leaving no challenge. What the game highly improved was the boss fights. The boss fights now challenge a certain aspect of your abilities and makes boss battles more challenging and pleasing when completed, it also helps you too master each certain ability. The main problem with the game is its lack of innovation. It is a polished version on Arkham City, it may be better than it, but it receives lower scores because of its lack of innovation. It’s a great game that did not offer much to the table. As I was writtingthis an update started, hopefully it will fix the issues.8.5/10- A brilliant game, great story, great combat. However the open world feels empty and the game lacks innovation. As a batman fan boy it pains me to give it 8.5, I’m being generous, especially since AC was at least a 9.5/10"
,Recommended,209000,7776619,"Posted: 26 November, 2013",all,Stupendous Man,"Batman. The one comic book hero almost any comic book fan will like.The Arkham series, heavily based on the Bruce Timm DC Universe, has been one of the best series of comic book hero games to date. With great fighting mechanics, tons of lore and back story and of course, you get to play as the God Damned Batman. What more could you want?So where does Arkham Origins fit in with the others? In m opinion it is a solid entry into the franchis and WB Montreal did a decent job. I would give it a 8/10.Apart from some bugs, only a few that everyone experienced, the game itself was just as good as Arkham City. It ties in with the other two and exposes you to events that start the cascade of Arkham Asylum and ultimately what happens in Arkham City. It introduces some new villians and uses some older ones while tying the story together in a neat christmas package.The graphics are about the same as Arkham City except there were no performance issues to start.The voice actors are great and do a good job of portraying a younger Batman and Joker, although I still prefer Kevin Conroy and Mark Hamill as they have defined those two for almost 20 years.The gameplay is as good as Arkham City, better than Arkham Asylum but the thugs are not as scared so they will react faster. This means you have to watch and react faster to counters and especially the harder enemies.The story over all is a good story to tie in with the Arkham Universe. It shows how all the madness begins while also filling you in on more back story of the characters.Overall, it is a good game. I found it worth the $50 dollars but I am also a big DC fan so those that are not as big of DC fans might want to get it on sale, but either way it needs to be played."
,Recommended,209000,7777554,"Posted: 26 November, 2013",all,BranDunn,"A quick dirty fix for the bat addicts out thereIt may not be as polished as the previous entries in the series, but i for one am not nearly tired of the excellent combat, the unique brand of stealth, or the insanely fun traversal.I would even say the story has moments better than the previous games, although overall its a little weaker, areas of the story feel a little forced or feeling like re-treads."
,Recommended,209000,7750668,"Posted: 25 November, 2013",all,a wild zergling,"Had a shaky start with the bugs, but since the patches has been very good. Highly recommend if you are a Batman fan at all."
,Recommended,209000,7751242,"Posted: 25 November, 2013",all,BundyMcBeef,"If you Love Batman, This is Batman.  Love him."
,Recommended,209000,8368411,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,FerricGuy,"larger map than Arkham City, yet somehow a lot less to do in it."
,Recommended,209000,8371824,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,MortalDanger,"Great Batman game.  Basically the same game as the first two, but different story/enemies.  But that's great, because the first two were fantastic.  If it ain't broke, don't fix it.  Lot's of side missions.  I beat the game and have only completed 30% of it with a few hours of side missions done.  The boss fights are amazing.  Some people don't like the QTE, but it flows well and is done to perfection."
,Recommended,209000,7571703,"Posted: 4 November, 2013",all,Outlawful_,"I doubt anybody needs a recommendation to play Origins, but I've gotta' loose my tongue. Mechanically and environmentally, it's pretty much on par with the previous Arkham titles. Stylistically, cinematically, and narratively - however - it is a cut above. By far the best story I've enjoyed in a Batman title and pretty damned exceptional by blockbuster video-game standards. Play it."
76561198018829418,Recommended,209000,8360441,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,trunkage,Not as polished as the original or sequal and suffers hugely from complexity creep.Still it makes being batman is awesome
,Recommended,209000,8360487,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,Heartless,"Excedes expectations for a game made a totally different studio. Fun boss fights, real Arkham feeling game. If you are a fan of the other two Arkham games, then this is worth the buy."
,Recommended,209000,8360614,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,emptyother,"Except more bugs and worser map design, this is Arkham City all over again. If you liked that one, you might like this. Yeah, and combat is more aggressive; the enemies doesnt wait around as long after you've beaten their buddy."
76561197968363987,Recommended,209000,8364547,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,STFU,This game is a lot of fun.
,Recommended,209000,8375213,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,cowboygneox,"This is game is guilty of one thing: not being Arkham City. However, even if it does often feel like an imitation, I am thrilled to be able to play more Batman, and my addiction is continuing to be satisfied :)"
76561198040864157,Recommended,209000,8378299,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,Mr.Diddles,Arkham Origins still has the same great combat system as the previous Arkham games and the story is alright however the game has a lot of technical issues such as the game constantly freezing/crashing and most of the game feels like it reuses a lot of assets from Arkham City. Despite these issues if you enjoyed the previous games or if this is your first you will still enjoy this game regardless thanks to the great combat system and high replayability.
76561198042975164,Recommended,209000,8376745,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,Artico,Perfeito! O melhor da trilogia
76561198029615164,Recommended,209000,8357153,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,deathsniper13,Game is great would definetely recommend their is a lot of stuff to do.
76561198024081337,Recommended,209000,8349444,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,yinyangadam,Great Story and gameplay!
76561197993807258,Recommended,209000,8349482,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,BOMBUR,"Excelent game, too bad for all the glitches... hope WB fix that with a FINAL UPDATE..."
,Recommended,209000,8347820,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,Legitkrillin,Batman Origins is amazing. I absolutely love this game the story telling in is fantastic and the game play is spot on. If you are a fan of the first 2 you will love this one.
76561198013514995,Recommended,209000,8349913,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,-=Death=-,"This is a pretty decent game. It's a slightly buggy re-tune of Arkham City with a fairly decent story.  Fans of Arkham City will recognize most of the map (as large chunks have been reused), be familiar with the combat mechanics (almost unchanged), and enjoy a fairly competent rendition of some of their favorite characters.My only real gripe with the game is that it seems like the development team relied a little heavily on existing assets from Arkham City.  WB took Rocksteady's game and essentially just wrote a new story for it.  If you thought Arkham City could have stood to be about 15-20 hours longer, this is the game for you."
76561197988549425,Recommended,209000,8350145,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,aeon,"Awesome story, awesome fighting, awesome with nvidia 3D vision."
,Recommended,209000,8195423,"Posted: 22 December, 2013",all,aucaucaucauc,without words...... ♥♥♥♥♥
,Recommended,209000,8246217,"Posted: 24 December, 2013",all,Vic The Dinofish,"Great game if you were a fan of the previous games, but throughout the whole experience everything felt a bit off. The sounds, the way it looked and played, it was just not as good as previous entries. There were a lot more bugs and less hidden secrets. The story is actually quite decent and focuses more on Batman (though Arkham City is still my favorite). Overall its a flawed game that immitates previous entries pretty well, or at least well enough for the game to be fun.One super frustrating thing though is that it bugged out multiple times causing me to restart missions. One such case was in the final boss fight (which I still cant finish)"
76561198100254074,Recommended,209000,8266917,"Posted: 24 December, 2013",all,CrAzzY EyEss37,best of the three arkham games
,Recommended,209000,8270721,"Posted: 25 December, 2013",all,Yom,"A few annoying bugs especially when compared to its faultless predecessor: 45 min to fix the final scene's QTE playing with the resolution, elastic bodies, loss of interactivity on objects. It still remains one of the best AAA games of the year, and graphically impressive when pushed to max."
76561198079953947,Recommended,209000,8251576,"Posted: 24 December, 2013",all,Which One?,good
,Recommended,209000,8253717,"Posted: 24 December, 2013",all,BOT Dean,"Very buggy compared to the 2 previous Arkham games. Still a very good enjoyable game. There were a few points that could have been explained a bit better, such as the Deathstroke fight. All in all, still worth getting, but hopefully receives a few updates to fix numerous bugs."
,Recommended,209000,9936545,"Posted: 25 April, 2014",all,Lucifer,"Awesome game, finished it 3 times on hard difficulty enjoyed it each time, if you're a batman fan you should defenitly get it."
,Recommended,209000,9922548,"Posted: 24 April, 2014",all,Crooked Young,For being a prequel to the original Batman: Arkham Asylum it's still a riveting game with a great plot and awesome action sequences (plain game review sentence). Play as a young and somewhat inexperienced Batman as he wrecks people across Arkham and fights various opponents that'll destroy Batman at any moment.
,Recommended,209000,10083288,"Posted: 11 May, 2014",all,krupe.,Best hero game ever
76561198039585522,Recommended,209000,10084147,"Posted: 11 May, 2014",all,Captain_Waffle11,"Sure, it's a superhero threequel, but it's honestly less The Dark Knight Rises and more Metal Gear Solid 3.  Unlike City and Asylum, it feels less like it was written as a serious Batman story first and more like it was written as a ridiculously entertaining and gratifying game first. I absolutely loved it from start to finish."
76561198131136120,Recommended,209000,10897623,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,lysol121,"The Batman Arkham series is one of my all time favorite games, and this one knocked it right out of the park. The Gotham portrayed in this game, and the characters that bring chaos to the city feels like they came right out of the comic book and onto the screen. My favorite thing about the arkham series is that the fighting mechanics, and crime scenes make you actually feel like the Dark Knight, and what this game does that the others don't is it adds new goons that actually know how to fight, the crime scenes were way to easy to solve, in fact it took no brain power what so ever, but seeing as how Batman is the worlds greatest detective and this games is supposed to make you feel like Batman, I think its ok. I wish they had made Catwoman a playable character again, but its ok because this game was still great."
,Recommended,209000,10898311,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,M   T,♥♥♥♥♥bugnot fun
76561197970273123,Not Recommended,209000,7608544,"Posted: 9 November, 2013",all,Beef Supreme,"While the story to this game isn't that bad. Trying to 100% this game is extremely frustrating due to poor designs in the game.Additionally, fans of Arkham City will see that looks like an addon to this game as large elements are copied directly from Arkham City instead of making new things for a new game."
,Recommended,209000,10901090,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,mem,"I really LOVED the game, even though i got a slow PC, but some boss battles are like super hard, i might win later, but overall, the game is awesome."
76561198081295608,Recommended,209000,10973305,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,draughtplayer4,awesome game worth the money cant begin to describe the awesomeness arkham city gameplay may be better but the graphics during gameplay and cutscenes was great the gameplay was good enough for me dont get it unless its under about $30.00 because its worth no more than that i got it for $17.00 so it was good and cheap
76561197989502878,Recommended,209000,10974243,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,Zulnut,BATMAN!!!
76561198047451271,Recommended,209000,10974294,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,The White Ranger,You play Batman...What else do you need ?
76561198054743471,Recommended,209000,10974578,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,Viperdog,Best Batman. Really good buy. deathstroke boss battle was ♥♥♥♥in amazing
76561198086075159,Recommended,209000,8391371,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,TheTitan6249,Holy S**t this is probably the best game i have ever played while i cant review it much because i am only at the part where i have to deafeat deathstroke i went on the hardest difficulty it was a mistake its really hard
,Recommended,209000,10975096,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,adoweb,"Nice graphic, but strange control = need XBOX360 controller. frustrating control with keybaord + mouse. My total play time was 20min after that i give up = deleted game."
76561198140131204,Recommended,209000,10976396,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,Grim,"Awesome Game! It may be laggy in some places, but still it is one of my favorite games right now"
,Not Recommended,209000,10976475,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,zenmonken,40% of the level design revolves around locked wooded doors. Batman can't pick a lock unless it's computerized.
76561198075376252,Recommended,209000,10977868,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,The Jacobite,good its not great though
76561198016839749,Not Recommended,209000,10978987,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,[SN] Pompilho,"The game is great but you get tired eventually especially when the game bugs out and you get the free falling glitch. I was so far in the game that I just deleted it, not worth your time to start all over again."
,Recommended,209000,8848648,"Posted: 25 January, 2014",all,Bhauls,An underrated game.  Great addition to the series.  Same great fun as previous Batmans.  I liked the lvling system that rewards you for learning the mechanics of the game.
,Not Recommended,209000,8569382,"Posted: 5 January, 2014",all,Fuor20,cant change difficulty is goty
76561198078364380,Recommended,209000,8573191,"Posted: 5 January, 2014",all,Mr_Strawberry,amazing voice acting with stunning visuals 9/10
,Not Recommended,209000,8745324,"Posted: 17 January, 2014",all,Razalhague,"It is a universally aknowledged fact that Batman is always the least interesting character in whatever media he appears in. The makers of this game have achieved something fairly rare; they managed to make the villains almost as boring as Batman.This game wasn't made by Rocksteady (the developer of the first two Arkham games) and it shows. Also missing are veterans from the Batman Animated Series: writer Paul Dini and voice actors Kevin Conroy (Batman) and Mark Hamill (the Joker). This is more of a reboot (and not a very good one) than a prequel.The first few hours of the game are approximately on par with the previous games, but after that the quality starts going down at a steady rate. The story is rather bland, the combat gets fairly unbalanced and boring towards the end, the gadget upgrades are very linear and the game is considerably buggier than the previous two."
,Recommended,209000,8746851,"Posted: 17 January, 2014",all,MortalOmega,"Buy for the single player, because they obviously dont care about the multiplayer. Rather than fix the multiplayer we get new dlc weapons that should have been in the game for about $6."
,Recommended,209000,8748277,"Posted: 17 January, 2014",all,Distortron,"Too many bugs to be a really good game.  It sucks too because I really, really wanted to like this game.  I would still recommend it however."
76561197998970242,Recommended,209000,8748674,"Posted: 17 January, 2014",all,Xemn,"Nothing new here. Same batman. Same riddler ""trophies"". That being said, the combat is still fun, challenging, and different every fight. Pretty neat detective side quests...though they get old quickly. If your other two Batman games are getting old...then you will probably enjoy this game. Just don't expect anything to make you say ""wow."""
,Recommended,209000,7826749,"Posted: 29 November, 2013",all,[HG] Roach,"Arkham Origins is a good game. No doubt about that. The story is great, side-quests are good and I thoroughly enjoyed the Riddler challenges for once. The addition of a few new gadgets made the combat even more varied. The boss fights vary and I was only disappointed with one of them. Apart from that, this game is very, very good and I thoroughly recommend it."
76561198042911524,Recommended,209000,7487541,"Posted: 26 October, 2013",all,Grimgori,"Batman sounds really difrent butt othervise hes good, boss batlles are harder than in the two first games, and theres only one more thing i can say about this game.IM BATMAN!!"
76561198025654754,Recommended,209000,14943556,"Posted: 17 March, 2015",all,kaleb wash,"The city wasnt as good as arkham city's, but I found the story to be more interesting and the gameplay more fun than the previous installments."
76561198077770366,Recommended,209000,14939291,"Posted: 17 March, 2015",all,majorkin66,the 2nd batman is better though
,Recommended,209000,14833752,"Posted: 11 March, 2015",all,NoisyKid,NANANANANANANANANANA BATMAN !
,Recommended,209000,14840264,"Posted: 11 March, 2015",all,Dante,Awesome
76561197997212491,Recommended,209000,14922445,"Posted: 16 March, 2015",all,sklairis,"The story Arkham Origins tells is superior to previous games, but they somehow managed to nearly break the combat system. Coming directly off a third or fourth Arkham City playthrough, it was immediately apparent that timing during combat was tweaked slightly, which is especially frustrating when trying to time a Counter. This does add a level of difficulty to combat that was missing before, but in a frustrating way, not a fun way. As mentioned in other reviews, there are also a handful of game-breaking bugs that force you to restart the campaign, but these can mostly be avoided by doing a little research beforehand, and some are escapable if you fiddle with it for a few minutes. I also exerienced audio issues during several cutscenes, where either the music would keep playing, but the voices and sound effects  dissapeared, or vice versa.Although it might sound like I didn't enjoy the game, I still played through it multiple times, and had fun with it each time. If you enjoyed the previous games, you should DEFINITELY play this one. Just don't go in expecting the same level of quality and polish."
76561197996691083,Recommended,209000,14922614,"Posted: 16 March, 2015",all,d4nwarr,"Another excellent addition the Arkham series. The combat has a bit of a faster pace than the previous entries, but being able to do things like beating Deathstroke without getting hit is still very doable. Once again, if you are a Batman fan, buy this game. Period."
,Recommended,209000,14926081,"Posted: 16 March, 2015",all,huyandrew99,woah
76561198043972761,Not Recommended,209000,14824676,"Posted: 10 March, 2015",all,Professor ZeitGeist™,"This game is a horrible glitch fest.It is not worth the 4.99 i paid for it.None of the voice actors from the previous games.If it wasn't made by warner bros, i'd think it was a Korean knock off. it is EXACTLY the same as Arkham city.The glitches make the game utterly unplayable as they will in most cases make you have to restart you're whole game.DO NOT BUY THIS GAME."
76561197970992271,Not Recommended,209000,14830084,"Posted: 10 March, 2015",all,Brutal Deluxe,Played for 58 hours and a game crippling bug - WARNING: do NOT enter the back room in My Alibi - has ♥♥♥♥ed it up for me and means I'll have to restart it. Other than that utter ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ I was enjoying it as I did the other Batman games. A fix from WB would be nice but I won't hold my breath just like they shouldn't hold their breath waiting for me to buy the next instalment. The ability to go back to previous saves would be nice as well and saved me the hassle of restarting.
,Recommended,209000,7711933,"Posted: 21 November, 2013",all,Gamer_Dad,Awesome graphics.  Now you'll know what Gotham looked like before Arkham City.
76561198095768470,Recommended,209000,14854249,"Posted: 12 March, 2015",all,Ketso,good game <3 ♥♥♥♥♥ <3
,Not Recommended,209000,14846632,"Posted: 11 March, 2015",all,kaitr0n!,bad
76561198006596701,Recommended,209000,14848247,"Posted: 12 March, 2015",all,winterwolves,"If you have played City, and thought to yourself ""That was really great, but I wish the story was a bit more interesting"", then this is the game for you!It is pretty much City, but re-skinned, and a bit buggy.  Bugs, you say?  How can they just re-skin and end up with bugs?  Well they did.  Not too many, but still annoying.  I have played 33 Hours when I wrote this, and I have had enemies half clip into terrain and get stuck about six times.  Luckily I have been able to knock them down to bring them back out of it each time, but that is still pretty weak work.  I have also had trouble with the odd interrogation not triggering at the end of a fight too.  Ground takedowns seem easy to miss as well.Anyway, bugs aside, the game is pretty much the same as City.  Fighting and Stealthing are pretty much the same, with a couple of different gadgets in the mix.  You go around collecting ""Enigma Data Packs"" (Villians don't have their monikers yet), solving pretty much the same puzzles as in City.  You have a series of scattered objects you have to destroy.  The Hatter messes with your mind.The crime scene stuff looks pretty cool, but really boils down to, find a red triangle and hold down spacebar.  Find the next red triangle and hold down spacebar.  Repeat until no further triangles are evident.  You get a hologram of the crime that you can move forward and back in (to find the next triangle) but it is not much of a minigame.I had hoped that, being set several years earlier we would see a difference in tech level, but no.  Everyone has touch screen smart phones, Batman has the same cryptographic sequencer, and so on.  I think they missed an opportunity to look at the speed of progress of technology there, but oh well.The other annoying thing they have done in this game is make the skill system into a kind of tree.  So you can't just get the upgrades that you want, you have to follow a sequence.  Or you may have to complete a particular side quest to unlock a move.  I finished the story without unlocking disarm and destroy, which was pretty annoying.  I did not study the tree to see who I had to defeat to get it, so just kept on wondering when I would it would pop up.Oh yeah, one other gripe, Batman is just a little bit cross-eyed.  He glances around weirdly during cut scenes and it is just a bit off putting.I liked seeing some different villains in the game, even if one was hilariously ineffective (one hit defeat on hard. I thought it may have been a glitch, but the same thing happened on New Game+ hard too.) and most of the boss battles were interesting and different enough to be fun.Now, the point of difference: Multi Player.  I have only played a couple of hours of this, but it seemed pretty cool.  It is an eight player, three faction game, with Batman and Robin on one side, three Joker thugs, and three Bane thugs.  There are two game modes, but I only tried one.  The two thug gangs battle it out for control of objectives and the heroes just run around griefing the others.  If the heroes take out enough thugs without getting killed too much themselves, they win.  If a thug gang take all three(?) objectives then they win.  The Joker and Bane turn up late in the round to be taken over by whover opens the door for them.  I did not do that in the time I played, figuring their buffs could be used better by a more experienced mulit-player.  I found the game play pretty fun, either as thugs or heroes.  The lobby system seemed pretty clunky, and the requirement for eight players exactly seemed a bit limiting.  I was quite often sitting there wondering why the game was not starting, and not seeing what I could do about it.So after reading that you may be wondering ""why the thumbs up?"".  While disappointing in a few ways, all of the other Arkham games have been so great, this one only fails by comparison.  If this was the first one I had played, I would love it."
76561198059041386,Recommended,209000,14848284,"Posted: 12 March, 2015",all,Mr Executioner,It's alright
,Recommended,209000,7510354,"Posted: 29 October, 2013",all,FraKctured,"Another solid Batman game, but you'd be better off getting this one on Xbox, at least until they get all the bugs worked out. :S"
,Recommended,209000,14988344,"Posted: 21 March, 2015",all,buter-brod,"The same old Batman, just like Arkham City. Collecting stuff around the district to get additional plot lines may be a bit annoying, this game is even more like Assassin's Creed, but atmosphere is here and gameplay is addictive as always."
,Recommended,209000,10739003,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,imb4,"Awesome game, nice gameplay, should buy it!"
76561197983359427,Recommended,209000,10739370,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,zab,"Althought not the same company as Arkham Asylum and City, I really did enjoy this game.  The inclusion of Deathstroke was awesome. I recommend this game."
76561198050675552,Recommended,209000,10740631,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,Bargoth,"I'll say when put next to its predecessors in the Arkham series, Arkham Origins definitely holds up. It has by far some of the best boss fights in the entire series, especially the fight against Deathstroke. It is also the first game in the series that gets Bane right. The story is superb, the graphics are great, the gameplay is just as satisfying as Arkham City... If it weren't for the game breaking glitches upon its initial release, the game would have a much better rating. Thankfully with the most recent patches most, if not all glitches have been ironed out, and as such Arkham Origins has earned itself a place as a worthy addition to the Arkham series. Today Arkham Origins is my second favorite game in the series, right after Arkham City. I would strongly recommend this game to any fan of Batman, especially if they wish to relive the humble beginnings of the Dark Knight's fierce rivalry with the Clown Prince of Crime through a whole new perspective."
,Recommended,209000,10676142,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,II Dealer II,"While not mind blowing like the first two games, this game is great and arguably has the most content of all 3 Arkham Games, Arkham Fans will love Arkham Origins."
76561198024267685,Recommended,209000,10680461,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,Jensen_010,"This game is great. Its like arkham city but with better boss fights. There are some crashing issues however, but overall well worth it."
,Not Recommended,209000,10684015,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,3s10,"Did play all 3 games in the series,and this one really is the worse of them all,when i heard of bad reviews i was like people are just overexagerating* it can't really be that bad,well guess what it is and it's a bit worse 2,had no issues playing hard on other games i am struggling with Deathstroke on easy with this,just cos it doesn't really detect what you click!Only positive thing is i bought it on sale for 5 euros,so i0m not too upset with throwing that away!Also developers are ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ literally said in interview they have no intention of fixing bugs even if they know about them..."
76561198141967204,Recommended,209000,10885635,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,katdrr,"Although it can sometimes be frustrating getting stuck in an area, this game is a fun, exciting, and most of all epic. The moments where you hit a 20 combo, or a grade ""S"" predator make you feel like you were born to play this game. Over all this is well worth the price and a fun an amazing prequil to the previous batman games."
,Not Recommended,209000,10887000,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,isirlincoln,"When I first heard that there would be a new batman game that had come out I was super excited and I knew that the combat and a lot of the gameplay would be the same as the first two game which I considered a plus as I really liked the style they had. However this game is so full of bugs and problems that I feel it's unfair that they even put this on the market. I swear there needs to be stricter regulations on what kind of bugs can be in a game, during the deathstroke fight I elbow dropped him THROUGH THE GROUND. I then had to restart the whole fight or else I could not progress as batman was just able to walk around in the arena while the boss music played. I swear this is the worst of the batman games that has been released lately the only justification it has is that it was not made by the obviously better company and instead this was pawned off to some lower company only conserned with cashing in a few bucks off the name of the popular games. Dissapointment all around."
,Recommended,209000,10887633,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,Tribal Ghost,Great game I dont know where all the negitivity was coming from when it was released
76561197966566541,Recommended,209000,10746341,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,theSecondMrHan,"Having played Arkham Asylum and Arkham City, I had high expectations for this game, tempered by the fact that it was developed by a different studio. While it doesn't reach the highs set by the previous two games, it's still a solid outing from the Caped Crusader."
76561198121584436,Recommended,209000,10749769,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,teg07c,Not nearly as good as Arkham city story wise.
,Recommended,209000,10750503,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,Sameister,Not as good as Arkham City but I give it a 9/10
,Recommended,209000,10751161,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,NinjaElk2k7,"Great game, great story even though its a little buggy its stil a must play for Arkham and Batman fans in general"
76561198101138412,Not Recommended,209000,10752541,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,Mikester028,"I really wanted to like this game, but with all the bugs and glitches i just cant.For example. I was about 50% through the game then i opened the door of a building, fell through the floor and it autosaved, so when i loaded it back i would be falling forever.Without all the glitches it is an average game4/10"
,Recommended,209000,10877926,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,Doug,"I am going to recommend this game because I needed a Batman fix, however it is a shadow of the previous two. As this isn't done by Rocksteady I was nervous but the game came out ok. The writing is possibly better than the last two, but there are problems to.- NO RIDDLER- Early riddler/Enigma provides ""Data Stores"" and ability to unlock fast travel but no riddler trophies which provided a lot of fun in the other two- Glitches - Mainly the terrain although updates seemed to have tried to fix it- Re-used assets- In the challenge modes, Deathstroke is Robin and ""Vigilante bruce"" is catwoman without the sexual take downs. Some of the map is straight from Arkham CityGood things!- It's Batman- Still feels awesome scaring thugs- Challenge Mode- Still feeling like a good tactical mode and changing gameplay when you change characters still feels interesting- Voice acting- Side characters feel more fleshed out, the new Batman sounds good, definetly like a young Kevin ConroySo to some up, get it if its on sale and you like the previous two, if you haven't played the others get Arkham City"
,Recommended,209000,10879381,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,Tuigi,"*INTRODUCTION*Batman arkham origins is a prequel of the original trilogy of the batman games (made by: Rocksteady). The game focuses on the story of Bruce Wayne who has recently taken the mantle as the ''Batman'' to fight crime and serve justice.*THE STORY*It is christmas eave, and several blackgate prisioners have escaped from their cells and are now on the streets of gotham to spread terror, not only that but ''Black Mask'', a notorious mob boss, has put a bounty on the Batman for 1,000,000$ Dollars, attracting several mercenaries to fulfill Black Mask's task. Now it's up to Batman to stop Black Mask and save Gotham.*THE GAME*The game has several ways to be played, sometimes the player is ambushed by several thugs and then engaged in a fight, or, the player enters a room and then is faced with lots of armed gunmen. Those are the ways which you will face the several enemies in Arkham Origins, However there are boss fights, the real golden moments of the game are the boss fights, fighting several Batman comicbook enemies you will struggle to win most boss fights, but will occasionally come out victorious.PS: The graphics are awesome, now go play the game"
,Recommended,209000,10880078,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,That one guy,If you like action fighters then this game is for you. BUY IT!!! *****
76561198006019148,Not Recommended,209000,10882493,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,Mike_Charger,"Glitchy, glitchy, GLITCHY! During the first boss fight I had Killer Croc vanishing and popping into view during the right along with the audio going randomly dead on me. Pausing restored the audio but did not stop the graphical glitches. Sure, would be cool if he had a stealth mechanic. But the reports about this game having glitches that impede or even prevent gameplay are so gawddamn TRUE!I wanted to get this game brandnew full price. But the fact is most developers have to tow the corporate line. And if corporate says rush a game out, they do so. So I waited and lo and behold the reports came in about these glitches which, nearly a year after release have not been fixed!On top of that months ago a rep for the publisher informed people who paid their hardearned money for this game. That the glitches would not be fixed that were only graphical in nature and did not prevent completion of the game. Well news flash, if I cannot see what I need to hit or avoid, how can I complete the game?I will eventually get back to playing the game, but when the picture cut out completely for the game during the fight along with the audio I had had enough and had to stop playing. There is no excuse for this and I am so glad I waited for a steam sale to get this and its DLC for only ten bucks or so.Because that is all a broken game is worth!"
,Recommended,209000,11537894,"Posted: 3 August, 2014",all,lastodin,"Very good game.Except the bugs here and ther, overall this is a good game and the Cold, Cold Heart DLC makes it worth even more,"
,Recommended,209000,11483536,"Posted: 30 July, 2014",all,p0tanG,Addicting. Seriously.
76561198102003340,Recommended,209000,14298693,"Posted: 2 February, 2015",all,Flashbang,"This game is a 1 of a kind game It is really fun and I play it more way more than MW3 so everyone out there who  thinking of get MW3 instead of this game Get this game It is a LOT more funCons: At some parts in the game you will expiernce some Lag like at blackgate prison you have to turn off the ""Physics Genrator""and thats pretty much it for the cons this is a great game and I highly recomend it but I would also save my money up  for ""Batman Arkham knight""Have fun and this game is awesome :)"
76561198144558326,Recommended,209000,13135245,"Posted: 28 November, 2014",all,Shitty Jamitty,"I LOVE THIS GAME!!! I got it for xbox when it came out, now that i play it so much, i just had to get it for pc so i could play it away from home!"
76561198021356072,Recommended,209000,14349181,"Posted: 5 February, 2015",all,Genoz0r,"Great and fun game!Main plot is short, but loads of side mission make this game a thrill."
,Recommended,209000,14344094,"Posted: 5 February, 2015",all,DrunkEngland,"Staying true to the Arkham formula, Origins brings the mix between fluid hand to hand melee combat and stealth action. Improvements are the crime scene investigations bringing a more in depth look into happenings within the story. Although the one downside is the button input action scenes which made what could of been one of the greatest boss battles against Deathstroke and turned it into a reptative experience. Overall though if you enjoyed the last two games get this one."
76561198122058892,Not Recommended,209000,14348444,"Posted: 5 February, 2015",all,zeromervis2,"What I do not appreciate is the fact that I have paid for a game that I am incapable of completing. When at the end of the game, where I am supposed to counter the joker, the counter function does not work. In the cold cold heart dlc, something similar happens when I am supposed to break out of the ice, the function does not work and i fail the mission repeatedly. It has been more than a year and there has yet to a be a patch update to fix these problems. This is highly unproffessional on steam's end and WB montreal's end. I paid for a game and I expect for it to function properly. This is not even including how the Cinematic scenes are synced horribly and crash, forcing me to skip and miss out on the story. I am highly dissappointed by this purchase and highly push for an update or reembursment for this annoyance."
76561198101587733,Recommended,209000,13502314,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,stefano.devita1,"Sono un grandissimo fan di batman, ho giocato a tutti e tre i videogiochi e visto i relativi film, reputo che questo non sia un brutto gioco, ma nemmeno un capolavoloro.Agli occhi di una persona che aspettava con ansia questo nuovo capitolo credo  che questo gioco non offra niente di nuovo che possa rendere questa saga ancora piu epica, e un ottimo gioco, un more of the same però, molto godibile ed imprescendibile per chi non si è ancora affacciato a questa grandisima saga"
76561198101587733,Recommended,209000,13502323,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,stefano.devita1,"Sono un grandissimo fan di batman, ho giocato a tutti e tre i videogiochi e visto i relativi film, reputo che questo non sia un brutto gioco, ma nemmeno un capolavoloro.Agli occhi di una persona che aspettava con ansia questo nuovo capitolo credo  che questo gioco non offra niente di nuovo che possa rendere questa saga ancora piu epica, e un ottimo gioco, un more of the same però, molto godibile ed imprescendibile per chi non si è ancora affacciato a questa grandisima saga"
,Not Recommended,209000,13309837,"Posted: 10 December, 2014",all,rafaelbobeamontas,"Good game full of glitches, the alibi glitch♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥me off!!! 40 hours and a have to restar the game!!!! FIX THE GAME!!!!!!"
,Recommended,209000,13300925,"Posted: 9 December, 2014",all,AMERICA,"Good game, but not a good Batman game. Not great, but pretty good"
76561198014754649,Recommended,209000,13301679,"Posted: 9 December, 2014",all,Csesium Gaming,"There isn't a whole lot of difference between this and the previous game, but that's not a bad thing in my opinion. There's a ton of side things to do and the main story is quite good. Combat feels very good and effortless. Highly recommend."
76561198054640489,Not Recommended,209000,13590073,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,zuldere,I wish I knew how bad this game was. Not worth the money
76561197979015775,Recommended,209000,13592179,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,{TnB}Touch Me,Not as good as the first but still a great game
76561197961323691,Recommended,209000,13644899,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,LeetGutS,"great game play origins, asylum then city. not as good as arkham asylum but better then arkham city."
76561197979223423,Recommended,209000,13651391,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,Viidakkosopuli,"Over 1 year old game and still buggy. Even deleted my save game file in one point. anywho the game is amazing. If you liked Asulym and City this is a must have. Once again great story. Nothing new really, for combat or movement, but i certainly didn't need any. Waiting for the Arkham knight now.."
,Recommended,209000,13651996,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,Crying Wolf,"Not as great as the first two in the series, however, the choice of villians was well done, and the fight against Slade was awesome.  Worth the buy if you like batman,"
,Recommended,209000,13653478,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,nibriddan,"Great combat, very fast and action packed, never really dull. Awesome boss battles, even when you lose :P Better world than Arkham City.Story is good and its nice to fight other enemys that we have previously battled. Great Graphics, really imersive. Good pacing. The investigative side quests are a bit of a missed oportunity, it holds your hand as it walks you throught what happened and doesnt let you do anything other then ""Press F""..... still better than Cod.A few too many bugs, nothing game breaking, just more of annoyences really. Unskipable opening cinematics that seem to go on forever. A serious amount of content, double compared to previous Arkhams."
,Recommended,209000,13659883,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,showka,"When Batman was a young man, he was angry, relentless. Insane. A mad man on a quest for justice. Batman was so pyscho he would beat up cops if he had to. One time he dropped a guy off a building onto a tree. He would punch people in the face until they got concussions and jittered involuntarily due to the pain. Miraculously though nobody died, they just sat around concussed.Batman's best friend was Alfred. One day Alfred told Batman he needed to chill out and except help from others. TO BE CONTINUED..."
76561198075704194,Recommended,209000,13660670,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,ventouza,"Very good game,nice fights, nice graph"
,Recommended,209000,13661864,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,Lyme,"It might not be as good as the previous entry in this series, but it is still a  good and enjoyable game. The stealth system is great, and the fighting system is so good it has inspired many other games to be like it. It is a little easy, but so are the other games in the series, but this does not make the game unenjoyable, but simply shorter."
76561197986960075,Not Recommended,209000,13663206,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,Pope of Dedi,"Recommendation: Only buy it if you can get it on the cheap in a sale.There are far better reviews out there, so I'll keep this quick:Pros:Engaging storyCopypaste of Arkham CityCons:Non-game breaking graphics glitches (most of the time)A lot of glitchesInconsistent PC controlsNavigating the city can be tedious since unlike Arkham City, the grapnel indicator is inconsistent, and the level design doesn't give you any clues on which surfaces you can pull yourself to and which you can't, it's random.Disappearing bosses in fights, or sometimes it's just their weaponsUnimaginative copypaste of Arkham City"
,Recommended,209000,19755077,"Posted: 17 December, 2015",all,Clickbait Clark Kent,Better than Aquaman Battle for Atlantis10/10 would spend 3 hours trying to defeat deathstroke again
,Recommended,209000,19791564,"Posted: 19 December, 2015",all,monkeysonarope,Great game
,Not Recommended,209000,19626377,"Posted: 10 December, 2015",all,finnishgreatdane,"I feel like giving this game a negative rating may be a little harsh, but compared to Arkham City and Arkham Asylum this game was a little bit of a letdown. I enjoyed the story for the most part, but the entire time I was waiting for the unique and engaging boss fights like in the previous titles, but they never came. Then you get to the end and you don't really get any sense of accomplishment. You pretty much just beat the snot out of the joker and he just takes it. Bottom line: it is essentially a dubed down version of the previous games. There's really nothing new here. That being said, it's not a bad game; it just doesn't reach the high standard set by the rest of the franchise."
76561198015554533,Not Recommended,209000,19360827,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,Deadpool,"The Gameplay itself is fun, although it is exactly the same like in the previous Batman games.However the game is up to this point still severly bugged. As example, there is an area in the city where Batman will completely fall through all the buildings. This makes it imposible, to conquer the last radio tower and finish a few of the sidequests. The developers don't want to fix this.Edit: It seems there is a fix around this bug, but since the developers didn't bother to repair the game, still thumbs down!http://steamcommunity.com/app/209000/discussions/0/648811768071701047/Second Edit: Some of the Steam Achievements seem to be bugged in the DLC. So another thumbs down."
76561197961081474,Recommended,209000,19680231,"Posted: 13 December, 2015",all,Gab,"I haven't played this game much, but intend to very soon. Up until now, this game has been surprisingly good. It keeps the same mechanics as the last two iterations but I think this is a good thing. The gameplay is fun and the story interesting."
76561198056845444,Recommended,209000,30644612,Posted: 20 March,all,adamd513,"YOU""RE BATMAN. Yeah I've experienced a few random crashes to desktop, but YOU""RE BATMAN! I've seen lots of criticism about combat being too easy, but IMO, you're supposed to be really OP,  YOU'RE BATMAN. I thought this game and the other Arkham games are awesome. Highly recommended if you want to BE BATMAN and kick some A** and save Gotham."
76561198010970371,Recommended,209000,9861016,"Posted: 18 April, 2014",all,FipsıNat0r™,Gliding and fighting around Gotham is always a pleasure.
76561198047227870,Not Recommended,209000,19567357,"Posted: 8 December, 2015",all,A slab of Meat,"A barebones Batman game. A solid game engine that does what it's told.Don't get it. Nothing of what is good in the other Arkham games shines any light here. New characters are blandly designed and uninspired, and old characters look worse than before. Gameplay is exactly the same, feels like a giant repetition with less interesting narrative.  If you're interested in the story, watch the cutscenes on youtube.Batman in Arkham Asylum: Ah, a problematic situation, let's build a nifty gadget to solve this!Batman in Arkham Origins: Look a gadget. Im'ma pick it up and♥♥♥♥♥♥Positive: The soundtrack is pretty nice."
,Recommended,209000,18832366,"Posted: 1 November, 2015",all,Sly*,Great game!!! 10/10 gameplay if you have never played it have a go you would get hooked aslwell!!
76561198092368609,Not Recommended,209000,18858473,"Posted: 3 November, 2015",all,ProkletX,مملة
,Not Recommended,209000,18863372,"Posted: 3 November, 2015",all,Anubisath,"Even after all this time game is full of bugs that prevent you from continuing the game. Three different saves and all had a bug that prevents me from finishing scene investigation and without doing that it is impossible to progress further in the game. Tried reinstall, tried checking file integrity and other things, nothing worked. Great job WB... For game to have bugs that prevent you from further progressing is a big deal breaker. So from my experience with this game I cannot recommend it."
,Not Recommended,209000,18879311,"Posted: 4 November, 2015",all,Hatsune | ROLLGAMBLE,"the auto target is really bad, expecially when versus Bane"
,Recommended,209000,18618920,"Posted: 21 October, 2015",all,Marshmello™,"THIS GAME IS GREAT,THIS GAME IS VERY UNUSUAL,THIS GAME IS AMAZING,I AM BATMAN!!"
,Recommended,209000,17617158,"Posted: 19 August, 2015",all,ADD ME FOR GWENT,"Batman™: Arkham Origins is the third installment of the Arkham series, after Arkham Asylum and Arkham City. However, the storyline predates that of Arkham Asylum and it features a young Batman in his early years as a vigilante. As such, many known bonds such as that between Batman and Gordon are not yet formed. Criminal groups are starting to see Batman as a threat and one has even put a bounty on Batman's head, attracting eight assassins (well known in the DC universe) to Gotham City.The gameplay and combat are very similar to the first 2 games, which is really nostalgic. Controls are basically the same and the only difference I noticed is the change of (LT+Y) to (RT+Y) for ground takedowns. The graphics are much much better. I feel that it runs smoother and also has better graphic quality than City, running on the same machine and played around 2 weeks apart. It's Christmas and the snow and lights make Gotham really beautiful.The game starts at a good pace and soon you will have to face one of the assasins: Deathstroke. The fight with him was simply TOO AWESOME, and that fight alone was already tougher, but more exciting compared to boss fights in the previous two titles. However, not all the fights with the assassins are so intense, for example the encoounter with Firefly was really mundane, and you don't even face all eight of them in the main campaign.The autosave system is really good and 'checkpoints' where the autosave is triggered is well managed, thus making it easy to stop anytime. This is definitely an upgrade from City. Also, the improved crime scene investigation is an eye-opener. It adds a timeline to the crime and fastforwarding/ backtracking in time helps Batman with more information to nap the culprit.However, the game has some flaws too. I feel that grappling (RB) and combat doesn't seem as responsive as the first 2 games. I would say a 5% off, not game breaking yet noticable. Also, while it was easy to keep track of the main campaign, I feel that the there were still too many side quests, as there were in the previous titles. These quests are usually repetitive with a few phases: travelling to said location, fight a mob, get objective. The new fast travel system doesn't even make up for this. Lastly, I still think the Riddler/ Enigma persona isn't worth adding into the game.I feel like I have listed more flaws in this review than the ones for Asylum or City. However, the graphics and gameplay, especially the boss fights, make up for them.9.5/10"
76561198138095238,Recommended,209000,18625385,"Posted: 22 October, 2015",all,AxlBotosh,"Very decent game, with a very good story. could do with some more side missions but apart from that, great game8/10"
,Recommended,209000,18640979,"Posted: 23 October, 2015",all,Wonlegged,"Good story line. ""Sucks you in"" kind of game. Controls are glitchy at best. But over all for the $5cdn I spent I got my moneys worth."
,Recommended,209000,18589990,"Posted: 20 October, 2015",all,HobKnocker17,"I honestly don't care if this game does't follow the story line of Asylum or City, its a great game, great mechanics, awesome bossfights and excellent graphics. I highly recommend it to Arkham fans. If you guys have an Nvidia card, this game takes great advantage of Nvidia TXAA and PhysX. Also the game takes great advantage of DX11 with, DX11 Ambient Occlusion, Depth of Field, Dynamic Shadows, and Geometry.Pros and Cons Overview:Cons:Not the Same voice actors as Asylum, City or Knight.Story is kinda cofnusing and goes in so many directions its kinda hard to keep track of.The new origin story for Batman is incomplete.When (as Batman) solves murders at the scene of the crime you find things around the crime scene that makes the GCPD seem super stupid.Batman/Bruce Wayne is a♥♥♥♥♥♥to Alfred sometimes.Although the stealth moment are fun the enemies with freaking assault rifles can't figure out how to look up.Pros:Combat mechanics are smooth and brutal to get used toCombo takedowns are brutal to your enemiesGraphics are superb to other 2013 games and some 2014 and 2015 games.The PC port was glitchy in the beginning but now I play the game without any problems.The music is exciting and perfect to fight along with.The boss fights are some of the best in the series, and WAY better than in Arkham Knight.Overall I love the game and its really good. I highly recommend it to anyone that like the prior Arkham games."
,Recommended,209000,18585252,"Posted: 20 October, 2015",all,Dawg101 DJ Dawg ღLoveMyPuppiesღ,A really great batman combat game! Cant wait for the next one!
76561197979253378,Recommended,209000,18939759,"Posted: 7 November, 2015",all,Miyuki,I stood away a long time from this game because of the average reviews it was getting.  Finally I got it for 5 bucks and I have no regret because it's a lot of fun.  I understand that this game doesn't innovate from Arkham City but who doesn't want more of a good thing!
,Recommended,209000,18930835,"Posted: 7 November, 2015",all,ErrorTermination,The weakest entry in the series but you get to be the batman.
76561198089936912,Recommended,209000,18938824,"Posted: 7 November, 2015",all,MiDoRiNa,i can't scan all the gotham Intel. but game is very fun this is good game.I like it
76561198106376144,Recommended,209000,18921657,"Posted: 6 November, 2015",all,Infokiller,"I always heard a lot of negative comments about this game.  I bought it on the Steam winter sell and all those comments I heard were wrong.  I have played all of the Batman games from WB besides Arkham Knight, and I would have to say Origins in my favorite.  Took me 23.4 hours to complete the main story line with around 30% completion for the overall game."
,Recommended,209000,18753271,"Posted: 29 October, 2015",all,ShinobiOfKaos,"Although not a Rocksteady game, it is still very good. There are many fun things to do and the story is great."
,Recommended,209000,18753310,"Posted: 29 October, 2015",all,Xoeair,"Pretty decent game although the ""open world"" does feel kinda boring."
76561198012412844,Recommended,209000,18765765,"Posted: 30 October, 2015",all,invictus,"sensory overload, everything looking good so far, bring it on black mask!!"
,Recommended,209000,18729931,"Posted: 28 October, 2015",all,⎛⎝২Tattmenkis২⎠⎞,I miss Catwoman...good game though - 9/10
,Recommended,209000,18792337,"Posted: 31 October, 2015",all,mrakky,not bad game :)
,Recommended,209000,18796294,"Posted: 31 October, 2015",all,jamaika,Okey...This game is really good but not as good as Arkham City.I really enjoy and love the Batman Arkham games.In my opinion i think you should buy it if you like the Batman Arkham games...
,Recommended,209000,18767518,"Posted: 30 October, 2015",all,-Env,I DONT LIKE PLAY WITH THOMAS!!!
76561198055800323,Not Recommended,209000,18882268,"Posted: 4 November, 2015",all,Lazerbacon766,"*Possible Spoliers* I played through almost the entire game thinking about how much I hated it.  After a little cooldown, I understand that this game really wasn't that bad.  I find the character scripts to be pretty awful most of the time, especially the Joker.  I absolutely loooooovveeed his scene with Harley where he gives an almost romantic description of the bat, but most of his script was garbage, especially the hotel scene (I visibly cringed at the whole ""Fruitcake"" thing).  Overall though the game was fun to play, here I will give a little bit of a description of some of the most important aspects of the gamePlayability: I had very little trouble playing this game.  There were spots where I had some frame rate drops, but mostly I stayed around 60fps with medium-high settingsGraphics:  Nothing majorly stand-out, but very nice graphics overallStory:  More than anything I was just dissapointed at the lack of focus on Black-mask, as I was looking forward to taking a break from the Joker (although the Joker is my #1 favorite comic book character, I think that batman has some really brilliant villians that get overshadowed by him).  I also found the lack of involvement of the assassins to be a little dissapointing, as the trailer put a lot of focus on them.  Overall I think that this game just suffers from that lack of a strong main plot that we got a little of in Arkham City (Arkham city story is amazing, but has a hard time finding focus) and It doesn't give a lot of the characters a good look.Combat: As with all of the Arkham games, this game has some of the best combat around, but at the same time the removal of the ability to cancel a punch to block was very annoying, and the combos and special moves were much less straightforward than City.Stealth:  Aside from the occasional glitch keeping me from getting that apex predator rating, I Thouroghly enjoyed the stealth.Boss Fights:  I probably wouldn't have included this section but I feel that the boss fights really fell short in this game.  They were very similar to the boss fights that you find in a lot of rushed games that come out, with straightforward mechanics and laughable difficulty.Overall:  The only real reason I don't recommend this game is just because instead I would recommend either buying City and Asylum if you haven't already, and playing them again if you have.  I do really wish that I had just gone back and played City again instead of playing this.  If you are just looking for a little more of the genius fighting and stealth mechanics and are tired of playing City and Asylum over and over again, then I would recommend this game for you as it definitley serves that purpose."
76561198054344484,Not Recommended,209000,18901434,"Posted: 5 November, 2015",all,Chum Guzzler,"Some old thing, reeks of ""low effort sequal cashgrab"""
,Recommended,209000,18245418,"Posted: 28 September, 2015",all,Morty,BATMAN approves ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)
,Recommended,209000,18260334,"Posted: 30 September, 2015",all,Solid_Iron,"Firstly, I want to mention that this is the first batman game that I am playing. Why? Because it's the first one according to the story. So this game is really good. the combat is fun and smooth & It is challenging.The boss fights are really cool and fun. The story is really good and I was addicted to it and I just wanted to keep playing and see how does the story progress. In conclusion, this game is really good. Beside a little bit annoying bugs like a man stuck in a wall in a middle of a combat and a dark lifeless city. It's a very good game. My final verdict is 8/10."
76561198195893501,Recommended,209000,18214093,"Posted: 26 September, 2015",all,Ferefly,This games is awesome! i recommend this game for all batman fans!
76561198025140128,Recommended,209000,18219363,"Posted: 27 September, 2015",all,mekaeel,Amazing story and gameplay
76561198058743762,Recommended,209000,18241488,"Posted: 28 September, 2015",all,juan.borjak1,"The story, gameplay, and visual effects are amazing.  When I first downloaded the game and signed up for the WB ID to get the extra batsuit costume I thought that would be cool.  After signing up though there still hasn't been any costume added to my game like they said would happen.  Does anybody else have the issue with the WB ID?"
76561197976528105,Recommended,209000,18243443,"Posted: 28 September, 2015",all,Mexicutioner,"Good game, enjoyed it more then city even though it was pretty much just a copy & paste of city."
76561198100581710,Not Recommended,209000,13044625,"Posted: 22 November, 2014",all,justinga319,it won't play.
76561198159636888,Recommended,209000,13045772,"Posted: 22 November, 2014",all,jabrewster,Highly recamend this game I can't stop playing. :)
,Recommended,209000,13005114,"Posted: 19 November, 2014",all,Vrall,"BE the Batman! You are the dark knight. Strike fear in your foes as you glide down onto them to deliver a fatal assault. Contains all the hand-to-hand-combat, puzzles (riddles), detective investigation and villaneous crazyness your fan-heart desires.BUY? YES!"
,Recommended,209000,13073475,"Posted: 24 November, 2014",all,Running_A_Fowl,Play with a mouse. I broke my laptop clicky-thing fighting deathstroke.DANG YOU DEATHSTROKE!!
76561197996050654,Recommended,209000,12990342,"Posted: 17 November, 2014",all,Josh,"this game is amzing, the graphics are a huge improvement over the last installments. even tho there are a few minor bugs it still plays so smooth."
,Recommended,209000,13183769,"Posted: 1 December, 2014",all,pdenton,"I was suspicious about this one at the beginning, mostly because of all the information about numerous bugs and glitches. However, after finishing the game I have to say that I have not encountered any serious bugs during the whole gameplay (and I did most of side missions too) so it's probably well-patched already. I can sincerely recommend this game for all Batman fans, and generally for all people who enjoy action-adventure genre."
,Recommended,209000,13185001,"Posted: 1 December, 2014",all,Mr.White,"Practically a copy-paste from Arkham City plus grinding sub-quests, still a good game maybe a very good game for those who haven't played the previous ones"
,Not Recommended,209000,12263846,"Posted: 27 September, 2014",all,ShakeItShakeIt,sometime it will stuck and i was unable to move
76561198220071708,Recommended,209000,18692398,"Posted: 26 October, 2015",all,|-Neptune-|,love all batman games
76561197972518312,Recommended,209000,18549648,"Posted: 18 October, 2015",all,Sergius,"I know this title was meant to be very buggy when first released, playing it now (late 2015) I had only the single CTD, no other bugs.If you liked Arkham City this is more of the same, the combat is great and the game has a lot of polish.  I enjoyed it immensly."
76561197996095272,Not Recommended,209000,18543946,"Posted: 18 October, 2015",all,corybory,Buggy and broken on windows 10.
76561198117905314,Recommended,209000,18648238,"Posted: 23 October, 2015",all,Krombopulos Michael,"awesome game everything youd expect and more,but i havent recieved my free suit for signing up with WBID."
76561198050995209,Recommended,209000,18842959,"Posted: 2 November, 2015",all,HUMBLEHARDNOKS,Awsome game. Its a pity the batmobile isn't used in this game.
,Recommended,209000,18851331,"Posted: 2 November, 2015",all,KangarooCornchips,"I'm not sure where the discontent on this game is other than the voice acting choices, but so far this hasn't disappointed me in any aspect storywise. I've come to find that Bane is my favorite villain at this point. The story is just that good that I feel missing out on playing this is a mistake. The Deathstroke fight is probably my favorite in this game as it shows you the most in terms of combat. My least favorite is Deadshot's side quest as it seems to put you up to ridiculously difficult odds. Overall though, this is definitely an upgrade in terms of story over asylum and city. Can't wait to try out Knight. Can only hope that it meets AND exceeds what Origins has brought to the story."
,Recommended,209000,18848030,"Posted: 2 November, 2015",all,KingWaffles101,"It is a very nice game.Grahpics be nice.Fighting system is nice.Difficulty is nice.Story length is nice.Story is decent.Amount of glitches is okay.Swag is lacking.Too much water.Overall, I rate a 53236/62432"
,Recommended,209000,18846326,"Posted: 2 November, 2015",all,Westlin [GWJ],Uh it's a Batman game!  Same mechanics and general gameplay as Batman Arkham Asylum and Arkham City.  Fun and easy to pick up.  Thumbs up!
76561198239357822,Not Recommended,209000,18849620,"Posted: 2 November, 2015",all,liqwhittington23,"if u wanna buy this game cause u never played it dnt the game is horible with glitches and bugs and steam knows thats y they have there 2 hourson play thing cause, NO ONES WANTS TO GIVE REFUNDS EXPESALLY HERE THERE JUST LIKE"
,Recommended,209000,18857676,"Posted: 3 November, 2015",all,Grizzly,REALLY A NICE GAME!! xD
76561198018724663,Recommended,209000,18708451,"Posted: 27 October, 2015",all,čalamáda,"Not as good as Arkham City but still amazing game, Arkham Origins Batsuit looks really cool.Batman just sounds like he has a cold."
76561198054026407,Recommended,209000,18695867,"Posted: 26 October, 2015",all,Duo-Azrael,F*cking DOPE~!
76561198160406174,Recommended,209000,18710084,"Posted: 27 October, 2015",all,Alex,Batman Arkham origins is a great game from the fighting to the cutscens  and this is how i will narrow it downGood-cutscens-boss battles-fighting animation-Troy bakers effort as (Joker)-story-some side quest'sBadmad hatters Side quest to hard to understandthe design of the city (had to fast travel to get around faster)the last boss battle was good but not satisfing
,Recommended,209000,18696448,"Posted: 26 October, 2015",all,igordonin,"This is the worst game of the series, but I still enjoyed it."
,Recommended,209000,18758858,"Posted: 30 October, 2015",all,ju5t_0,Good game bus glitches when fighting
76561198057315233,Recommended,209000,7584260,"Posted: 6 November, 2013",all,madness,"Начинает удивлять с самого начала и чем дальше тем интереснее! Много нового и всё лучшее старое! Большой, проработанный Готэм выглядит просто шикарно!!!А какая здесь прекрасная музыка!!)  Всем любителям серии иметь обязательно!!!И эта игра гораздо лучше даже в плане сюжета, чем новая часть в серии!"
,Recommended,209000,18745339,"Posted: 29 October, 2015",all,Grimheer,Best Batman Simulator to date!
76561197992453705,Not Recommended,209000,12218940,"Posted: 24 September, 2014",all,--LaKasaflark,"I should have listened the other reviews warning about this game. They messed up the fighting system even though it seems to be ripped straigth from Arkham City. There was too much running indoors that was about as fun as colonoscopy. The bugs have made this game ridiculous, but they haven't been able to kill the game for me. Grappling from building to building was more fun in Arkham City because in this one there doesn't seem to be enough grappling points available.If you really really want to play this because you like Batman in general or Arkham City, do yourself a favor and don't buy it for more than 10 bucks."
76561197972936729,Recommended,209000,12221694,"Posted: 24 September, 2014",all,Shako,Highly recommend!
,Recommended,209000,12336779,"Posted: 3 October, 2014",all,TheTeddius,"If you are a fan of the previous Batman games in the Arkham series, then Origins is bound to please.With little of the revolutionary gameplay mechanics changes and an overall brush up on the decal of the game, it makes it a joy to play with a lot of replay value.8/10"
,Recommended,209000,12202682,"Posted: 23 September, 2014",all,itainet,"It's a lot better than people claim it is... nothing extremely new, but still a very good game"
,Recommended,209000,12204520,"Posted: 23 September, 2014",all,Wubba luba dub dub :'(,I am not a batman fan. I purchased this to play a little. BUT - Its addictive to play and great to play.
76561197998859129,Recommended,209000,12205483,"Posted: 23 September, 2014",all,toxast,"good, still no killings, a bit disappointed."
76561198117696566,Not Recommended,209000,12306038,"Posted: 30 September, 2014",all,Niqqer Fgt,"The online battle has a huge problem, every time the time drops to 0 the multiplayer game doesnt start"
,Recommended,209000,12313089,"Posted: 1 October, 2014",all,zidan2k9,"If you're waiting for Arkham Knight to be released, keep yourself in the zone with this game. To be honest it's not too different then Arkham City but I enjoyed the story and all the side missions(Enigma data packs, crime scene investegations, most wanted, crimes in progress etc).Gotham city in this game is fairly big and the setting of Christmas eve is both wonderful and eerie. It's interesting to see a younger Batman who is not yet known to the public. In my opinion he's a bit more ruthless and intimidating than the other games in the series. Good buy and you'll soon clock up the hours playing this. I've still yet to finish 100% of the game and then there's the the DLC to play also"
76561198121882829,Recommended,209000,12323986,"Posted: 2 October, 2014",all,domdude40,AWESOME GAME YOUR GOING TO LOVE IT
,Recommended,209000,12324739,"Posted: 2 October, 2014",all,Gorgonzolla,"Great game, storyline a bit short though however all in all a great new game. Game feels smooth and responsive."
,Recommended,209000,12328527,"Posted: 2 October, 2014",all,Cujo,Love the combat system and The Joker! :D
,Recommended,209000,12167764,"Posted: 20 September, 2014",all,The Gameing Cabbage,very good
,Not Recommended,209000,12241003,"Posted: 25 September, 2014",all,Stoop Kid,Terrible.
76561198023859295,Recommended,209000,12168805,"Posted: 20 September, 2014",all,Mo-Rawder,"A hesitant ""Yes"" for recommend, if you can get it at a discount."
,Recommended,209000,12230532,"Posted: 25 September, 2014",all,Zatarain le Rice,"Biggest gripe with the game is that the combat isn't as polished as the first two games.  It works for the most part, but when it bugs, it bugs hard.  Half of the moves don't work and you have to quit to main menu and continue to fix.  Other than that, it's a solid game with a decent story and plenty of side activites to keep you busy.  It's what you would expect from a ""Arkham"" title.  The boss fights are fun and have some pretty cool stylization that I hope gets carried into future ""Arkham"" games.  Overall I'd give a a 7.5/10."
,Recommended,209000,10912641,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,Wispa Dori,"It's really hard to tell whether this game is good one or not. I can simply say it's a really bad port.Other than that, story and gameplay are as good as the previous one.These are the things that may change your mind:1- No support from developers2- The game is filled with glitches and bugs, best one is the falling glitch3- In-app purchases for Btaman suits. Seriously, that thing should be included in the game.4- Barley runs at 60FPS and I'm using GTX780. Oh the irony ""nvidia the way it meant to be played splash splash"" .5- Pre-rendered movies looks way worse than rendered game, and made my eyes sore (30fps).6- Some stuff (like fire) looks like a GIF image running at 10fps."
76561198041069408,Recommended,209000,12244975,"Posted: 26 September, 2014",all,SPIDΞR,i like  it  :)
,Recommended,209000,12245967,"Posted: 26 September, 2014",all,Spooky,"If you have played arkham asylum and city and are hyping for arkham knight, do pick this up. If you haven't played those two yet, do it. This isn't quite as good but good enough.p.s. the online is deadrecomend to wait for a sale"
76561198038164568,Recommended,209000,10835967,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,KarPoS,"I own all of the Batman Games. In order of best to worse I would rank them as follows: Batman Arkham City, Batman Arkham Origins, Batman Arkham Asylum. Don't get me wrong they are ALL good, some just more so than others.The campaign of this game is shorter than Arkham City, which was disappointing, but better than Arkham Asylum. The extra challenges are just as fun as the were in the last game. Can you get 3 stars on all the Riddler Challenges? Now you have a multiplayer mode for the challenges too!Glitchy? Some people have said it is. I don't think so. I think it was more system issues than anything else.  This is a very resource demanding game, especially in the video department. When I bought this game I had and HD5850 with 1GB of GDDR5. I encounter a few errors and crashes. Later (about 4 months to be exact), I built a new computer which had a R9 270X with 4GB of GDDR5. Game runs VERY smooth on highest settings, with no errors or crashes.Always determine if your computer can run a game based on the RECOMMENDED settings. IF you don't meet those and you try to run it, don't complain about the game having issues! Minimum requirements normally mean if you put all settings on low if should work, but not great. Recommended settings is what is needed for the game to operate how it was intended.Can't wait...this fall we get Batman: Arkham Knight!"
,Recommended,209000,10836737,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,Flame,"The game doesn't deliver much more than the original, you get Arkham City with some boss fights, and that's about it.The game isn't developed by the same company, there are also game-breaking bugs which the company verbally stated they're 'not going to fix', but instead released DLC content.If you enjoyed the previous games, you'll probably be somewhat amused by this one, but don't expect anything groundbreaking - you can view this game as something to tide you over until the next official Rocksteady Batman game comes out."
,Recommended,209000,10840224,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,D-Boogey,"You can definitely feel that it wasn't made by the same team from the previous two. But that's definitely not a bad thing. It's harder, in my opinion. And that's great. The combat system is still the best around, but it doesn't make you invincible like it did in the previous two. Which makes sense seeing as how this Batman isn't as good at it as in Asylum and City (he's younger in this one). Beautiful puzzles, maps, fights, and graphics."
76561198120815552,Recommended,209000,10995727,"Posted: 1 July, 2014",all,Get LITT UP!,♥♥♥♥ing amazing multiplayer
76561198067011248,Recommended,209000,11058477,"Posted: 3 July, 2014",all,★Freakin' Sweet★,"Ah, another year another great Arkham sequal. I was a big fan of the origonal and Arkham City but this one has taken the cat treats! Batman now has Multiplayer! I fully recomend this game10/10The Gaming Kitten"
,Recommended,209000,11058655,"Posted: 3 July, 2014",all,FORSELL,very good game to play
,Recommended,209000,11059260,"Posted: 3 July, 2014",all,Nutty - The Face of a Brand,One of the best games I've ever played.
76561198132237951,Recommended,209000,11060456,"Posted: 3 July, 2014",all,D3AD GH0$T,Great game. Not to thrilled about the game pad controls. I think mouse and keyboard is best way to go.
,Recommended,209000,11063849,"Posted: 4 July, 2014",all,bluespring,I really like this game and a lot of things to do in the map even after completing the story line.
,Not Recommended,209000,11069952,"Posted: 4 July, 2014",all,Go0se,Great gameplay but very short and no replay value. I got it for like 8 bucks during the summer sale so I got my money's worth.
76561198077301791,Recommended,209000,11070776,"Posted: 4 July, 2014",all,Ineffable,Op as hell
,Not Recommended,209000,11072394,"Posted: 4 July, 2014",all,Dan- alguém usa Comanglia.cfg?,Holy mother of bugs Batman !
76561198051223900,Not Recommended,209000,11073050,"Posted: 4 July, 2014",all,176-716,"Batman Arkham Origins isn't really a bad game. It does pretty much everything arkham city did, only a bit worse. Combat feels clunky, stealth sections isn't as interesting as before(it also plays too much high tempo action music during the stealth sections which makes it hard to concentrate), the graphics are bland and the game is just not as enjoyble as the other two arkham games. The best thing about this game though is the story even though one of the plotwists are pretty disappointing. I would not recommend this game to anyone that hasn't played anything from the arkham series. Play arkham asylum or arkham city instead, because they are much more polished games. If you are a fan of the arkham series and want some more batman before arkham knight then Origins will be a nice time waster at least."
,Not Recommended,209000,11075958,"Posted: 4 July, 2014",all,Shadilay,"If you liked the other games, youll be moderately entertained by this game as you do more of what you've already done before - and then you will throw your controller through your wall when you clip through a door and fall into the netherworld of which you can never escape since the game just autosaved you into the glitchverse.  Good luck making it through the bridge/firefly encounter without this happening."
76561197973396895,Recommended,209000,11077225,"Posted: 4 July, 2014",all,Doppler,"a little buggy in the start, but the same action and fun of the other games once you work passed the early part of the game!"
76561198084266627,Not Recommended,209000,11078520,"Posted: 4 July, 2014",all,KArTo0N,This game constantly crashes which is more barely frustrating than the gameplay. Glad I got it on sale and only wasted a minimal amount of cash on it.
,Recommended,209000,10864882,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,RsquaRed,"Any fan of either Batman or the Arkham series should play this game. It is loads of fun, with lots to do. The added multiplayer is a fun addition to the standard singleplayer/challenge map content. With that said, it did feel like at times I was playing Arkham City with a new name on it at times. I had a few cases of deja vu, or didn't I do this before a couple of times. However, this game has Deathstroke and if that doesn't convince you to get the game then I don't know what will."
,Recommended,209000,10908242,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,StaticVenom,"A fantastic origin story behind the dark knight and nice to have the batcave come into use. The game is buggy though I've been able to avoid or live with those I've found. If you liked the other Batman games, you'll get on OK with this one. Do expect to lose your orientation in the skills and gadget upgrade system though which is completely different to the earlier games."
76561198045739779,Recommended,209000,11246681,"Posted: 15 July, 2014",all,Antaris,"Good game, shock gloves dumb down the combat heavily and there are a surprising number of bugs, specificly with interogating and the bane fight.  If your going to get it, get it on sale."
,Recommended,209000,11235476,"Posted: 14 July, 2014",all,gowebninja,Love the Arkham series.  Enjoyed 100% of the games
,Recommended,209000,11235995,"Posted: 14 July, 2014",all,Dysinious,"If you liked Arkham Asylum and Arkham City then you will enjoy to see how it all started. Although it is more of the same (which some people may not like), there are a few new areas, gadgets, and a really good story to keep you engaged. I encountered a few bugs, but only 1 or 2 times they actually hindered my play, which is better than most games. I almost didn't buy this game because of the negative reviews, but I did not experience most of those. I thought it was fun and I really enjoyed Bane's storyline in this. Definitely recommend!"
76561198098094660,Recommended,209000,11012284,"Posted: 1 July, 2014",all,Stratosphere,Amazing game. Haven't finished yet and hope it never ends. Lots of things to do and secondary missions are awesome. Graphics are great. And as soon as you learn all the moves you want to fight all the time :P
,Recommended,209000,11014512,"Posted: 1 July, 2014",all,Jontheinjun,not the best game in the world it's pretty much a prettier Arkham City but still amazing especially graphic wise. highly recommend to new to Arkham series friends.
,Recommended,209000,11014842,"Posted: 1 July, 2014",all,Juraii,this is a good game but I see why I bought this sale not at full price personally by playing it I can tell the combat is a little off control feel a tad bit delayed. Story is really awesome reminds me a lot of Batman the animated series which gives you a reason to buy the game anyway this is a sure buy on steam
,Recommended,209000,10948998,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,KieranTC,"This game is not as good as Asylum or City, but it certainly holds up as a good entry into the series.For me, Asylum is 9/10, City is 10/10, and this game is 7.5/10."
,Recommended,209000,11094419,"Posted: 5 July, 2014",all,SIGMA33 skins-bets.com,"Batman movies were always good,at least i always liked them. This one is the best, I hope there is more games like this one."
76561198057705630,Not Recommended,209000,13159833,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,Jeruko,"Horrible. Half the game is a rip-off from the previous games AND the 2nd Chritopher Nolan movie. (Won't give details for not making spoilers). The studio is not the same for this game, instead of Rocksteady it was developed by Warner, and I can surely say that they really messed it up. But well, I thought it couldn't be so bad, after all, it was a Batman Arkham game, but that thought only lasted before actually playing it, and now I see how I just waisted my money. Guess I can only wait for the last Batman Arkham game which IS coming back to Rocksteady."
76561198100116030,Recommended,209000,13210736,"Posted: 3 December, 2014",all,dushyantsc,9/10
,Recommended,209000,13212892,"Posted: 3 December, 2014",all,Honest,"This game takes place well before the other two, yet not far back enough for his parents to be alive."
76561198028823260,Recommended,209000,13249148,"Posted: 6 December, 2014",all,Tyz,"Do you want a game that is not a good as the first two, but still pretty good?Then this is the game for you."
76561198040368178,Recommended,209000,13250723,"Posted: 6 December, 2014",all,NozzDogg,"Honestly, Arkham Origins is basically the exact same game as Arkham City, but when it's on sale that's not a bad thing."
,Recommended,209000,13242975,"Posted: 5 December, 2014",all,JokerMads,"This game is awesome. I love everything about this game:- The amazing story- The gorgeous fights- Challenging puzzles- And, the freaking awesome big fight battles against the supervillains.10/10!"
,Recommended,209000,13246163,"Posted: 5 December, 2014",all,Ghooble,I'm Batman.
76561197965781902,Recommended,209000,13246400,"Posted: 5 December, 2014",all,Krombopulos Michael,Not as good as Arkham City but still a good game. Some objectives are not very clear and there are some MAJOR bugs that were not fixed yet. 7 out of 10. 8 out of ten if the bugs are fixed.
76561197999107911,Recommended,209000,13282385,"Posted: 8 December, 2014",all,GRIMSCORPION,BATMAN!!
76561198036307397,Not Recommended,209000,13301765,"Posted: 9 December, 2014",all,PatchyPatch,"While the main plot is really cool (finally a villain origin story that isn't utter rubbish!), most of the sidequests are derivative and dull. Only the main plot is worthwhile and the rest is just filler. The sad part is the main story only accounts for about 25% of the total game! While the sandbox element accounts for that somewhat, if you've played Arkham City you've played Origins and more. The combat is exactly the same except for the addition of the Shock Gloves (which are damn cool.) The new detective segments are an interesting concept but instead of making each investigation unique they all end with the ""fly over and beat up the thugs at the last know location of the perp.""I have yet to play the DLC, but the collectables were a nightmare. They were MUCH easier to obtain than they were in City, and while I thought they were a headache at the time back then I now know that the challenge was everything. In this game, collectables are as challenging as using google.Additionally, the switchover from the classic (90s) voiceactors was jarring, but it's not worthy of complaint as the acting is good.In closing, if you think the price is good for a playthough of the main storyline, go for it; the rest of the gameplay won't add value outside what you got from Arkham City."
,Not Recommended,209000,13303917,"Posted: 10 December, 2014",all,zinnia,"This game has quite alot of bugs, glitches, and more. It feels like there was like 1 person doing the QA testing for this game. Don't bother getting this if you haven't gotten it yet. the game has never been fixed and the devs have stated they are done patching it and fixing it up."
76561197978549948,Recommended,209000,10820085,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,Apollo Creed,"Just picked it up during summer sale for $7.50 and enjoying it very much.No bugs so far, had a year or so to work out those problems.Seems exactly like Arkham City, which is fine with me.  Definatly need a controller though, I could only imagine how much it would suck doing melee combat with a mouse and keyboard."
,Recommended,209000,10820270,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,strawlegs^★👊,Not the best out of the series and a few glitches but still a great Batman game.
,Recommended,209000,10890346,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,tinn-man,"Although it's not as innovative as the previous games, it still is pretty fun.  If you liked the first two, you'll definitely enjoy this one.  In the end, if you can look past a few glitches and a stale formula, I'd recomend this game for the fun gameplay and pretty great story."
76561197978892226,Not Recommended,209000,10891346,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,Shadow Fox,"Essentially the worst game in a good series, it combines all the tedious elements of the previous games with none of the redeeming features.+ The storyline is incredibly simplistic, never really evolving in any significant manner.+ The combat is continuous button mashing with no real strategy or effort. For some reason the developers believe having more enemies in a fight increases the difficulty when only 2 people ever attack you simultaneously. Meaning as you get more experience in the combat system, the fights simply get longer and even more tedious.+ There’s not really anything new in the way of gadgets or takedown methods.+ There is a ridiculous amount of “Tap Space repeatedly to open the door”, both in and out of combat situations.+ Most of the game is traveling around large map with little features of interest and buggy fast travel.+ Has almost no cookies hinting at future content or winking at fans of the series.Basically if you have the choice choose any of the other Batman: Arkham series."
,Recommended,209000,10894233,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,EijiroFury,"If you enjoyed the first two Batman games, then you'll love this too. It's quite enjoyable to play, especially on a controller. The gameplay mechanics are the same with the previous games, so you'll be playing through this in a short time. And after you finished the game, don't exit on the credits. Trust me, it's good."
76561198130767455,Recommended,209000,10894982,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,scott0463,Great gameplay...when it's not bugging out.  WB really dropped the ball on an awesome series.  Glad Rocksteady took it back and can't wait for Arkham Knight!
,Not Recommended,209000,10963631,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,SPACE FAGGOT,"just uh, uninteresting"
,Recommended,209000,10963848,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,LA FLAME,so guud
76561198072376171,Recommended,209000,10965736,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,hassanalidilawri,Excellent Game. The mechanics are similar to Arkham Asylum and Arkham City but the game offers more of Batman's adversaries. The idea of playing at the start of Batman's career is also very interesting. Overall and excellent game and must play for Batman lovers.
,Recommended,209000,11160003,"Posted: 9 July, 2014",all,CaseyKenobi,"Though most of the mechanics were recycled from Arkham City, an engaging story made this a thoroughly enjoyable experience."
,Recommended,209000,11160640,"Posted: 9 July, 2014",all,Timmortal,Amazing story line and game play. I loved the year one aspect and that fact that Batman is overly brutal to make a name for himself. I recommend this game for any Batman fan.
76561198087591181,Recommended,209000,11162218,"Posted: 9 July, 2014",all,1LT Crunch,"I don't know why everyone is saying this game has problems.  It's not as good as Arkham City, but it is still a fantastic game.  It has a lot of the same elements, and some aspects of the city feel a little too familiar, but they really improved a lot of the fighting aspects in this iteration of the Arkham series.  If you liked the first two games, you will definitely like this one.  I've put almost twenty hours of play into the game so far, and I think I'm only a quarter of the way through, so there is a ton of content to play in this game.  If your thinking about getting this game but you're not sure, I would go ahead and do it, it really is phenomenal."
,Recommended,209000,10308591,"Posted: 1 June, 2014",all,Nephidel,"Definitely Worth it after all the patches that fixed incredibly annoying crashes and glitches.It's no different that previous arkham games however the concept is really interesting to say the least.  There is an unexpected twist that ruins the entire history for me, some other characters should get more spotlight than the most famous ones.The combat and gadget management are exactly the same as the previous arkham games so don't expect a complete different game, if you're used to any of the previous games you won't have any issues at all.Not a bad game but nothing revolutionary either, however I find absolutely disgusting the way WB manages the game with DLC priority over game fixes, this attitute is absolutely unnacceptable, good thing Rocksteady will be back for Arkham Knight."
76561198042948604,Recommended,209000,10309711,"Posted: 1 June, 2014",all,Fenrir,"eh, I don't know. I enjoyed the previous 2, but this one just doesn't seem so well done.It's great, but wait til it's on special maybe"
,Recommended,209000,7473736,"Posted: 25 October, 2013",all,No Submission,Brilliant!! 10/10
76561197970815990,Recommended,209000,10296241,"Posted: 31 May, 2014",all,Courage75,"Loving this game so far. Bit strange that this younger, less experienced version of Arkham Batman has all the gadgets that the older versions eventually get, plus a few more. Did Batman forget he had all those gadgets as he got older? Also, the technology level of the setting is at least equal to the level in the earlier Arkham Asylum games, which is strange as this one is supposed to be set years before. Other than that, it's got all the bells and whistles you expect from an Arkham Asylum game. Not a great improvement over Arkham City, but a cool continuation of that gameplay in the form of a prequel."
,Recommended,209000,10296606,"Posted: 31 May, 2014",all,Lord Quackers,"Good all around batman arkham game, love basicly everything about it, the story was decent but the joker felt out of place since hammil quit doing that voice over. Not as good as arkham city but still not bad, recommend a play!"
,Recommended,209000,10298507,"Posted: 31 May, 2014",all,Z126,7/10The graphics have been improved a bit since the last Batman but the game is shorter by far. It did add a multiplayer aspect to it though which sort of makes up for it but I was without internet for the first few months of release so I missed out on most of the large amount of players online.
76561198068602070,Recommended,209000,10147294,"Posted: 17 May, 2014",all,Crayz,yet again another great sequel in the batman franchise. Such and good looking and fun game 10/10.
76561198061828310,Recommended,209000,10119034,"Posted: 15 May, 2014",all,JaekintheBox,"Was concerned this game would still have the bugs which plagued it at release, but they all seem fixed! This game is a great addition to the Arkham franchise. I would still put it behind Arkham Asylum and Arkham City, but it is well worth the play!"
76561198050273231,Recommended,209000,10111963,"Posted: 14 May, 2014",all,LittleBatgirl,"Together with the good story and the many side missions and the online game, Arkham Origins is enjoyable for a very long period of time."
,Recommended,209000,14233334,"Posted: 29 January, 2015",all,Showboat,"Arkham Origins, the third in the Batman series and invariably getting a bit stale. Arkham Asylum was groundbreaking, Arkham City was a spectacular expansion to an already great system. Arkham Origins, regrettably, doesn't bring much new to the table.Origin plays exactly like the previous two titles with the primary differences being the story and several small changes, such as gadgets that Batman uses. The former, in this instance, being the better of the two.The story is arguably the best part of Origins, being new, interesting, and offering a unique perspective into some DC history.Otherwise, there's not much to say. It's not bad, by any stretch, but it's also nothing new and consequently not great. It's just...good. If you want a full review of the game in terms of dynamics, flow, gameplay, theme, and anything else you can think of, read the notes for Arkham City. They should be nearly identical."
,Not Recommended,209000,14236631,"Posted: 29 January, 2015",all,hughman,"I left this game falf the way through coause it ended and then it was like ""HA! nope, go do more batmanning!"" I was just like ""nah, ♥♥♥♥ you""it's like the earlier games, with a healthful sack of♥♥♥♥♥♥dumped on it"
76561198012851407,Recommended,209000,14237135,"Posted: 30 January, 2015",all,Soren Hikaru,"I'm honestly am a little shocked about this game...it was acutally fairly well done; its not Arkyum City but it does have that 'batman' feel to it, Plus playing as Deathstroke is amazing!"
76561198150286805,Recommended,209000,14295373,"Posted: 2 February, 2015",all,xwfclan,good game great story awesome online matches
76561198052359745,Recommended,209000,14150785,"Posted: 24 January, 2015",all,(Dr.) RiskyBusiness,The game is much better than it is given credit for. They story is better than the previous two and the gameplay was just as good. I only have one noteable problem.  I liked all the suits that were offered at the end of Arkham City and I was disapointed when I had to unlock them in DLC's or using other sources. All around good game despite.
,Recommended,209000,14168453,"Posted: 25 January, 2015",all,鸭.DLL,Nice stuff. Need work on some stuff but it;s worth it.
,Recommended,209000,14172451,"Posted: 25 January, 2015",all,Lenny_Franco,i want this as my soul mate this game is awesome just wish it was longer
,Recommended,209000,18122692,"Posted: 20 September, 2015",all,Kermiszk,"I really like this game, even though it has its flaws and from time to time some glitchesthe game packs tons of story and is a blast to play through7/8:D"
,Not Recommended,209000,18123609,"Posted: 20 September, 2015",all,1potato,very buggy never ennding fast travel
,Not Recommended,209000,18126260,"Posted: 20 September, 2015",all,Chileboy808,"whatever you do ""DO NOT BUY THIS GAME""I will forever be stuck on the killer crock first battle.as he will start to dissapear and cant be hurt or I can be hurt by him and if I ever get to hurt him my screen goes black until I get killed by some goon."
76561198018302259,Recommended,209000,18128425,"Posted: 20 September, 2015",all,RANGER52,GREAT GAME GRAPHICS ARE TRULY AMAZING.  LOVE IT
76561198169443272,Not Recommended,209000,18128890,"Posted: 21 September, 2015",all,Overhill,"I'm really disappointed.  Too much emphasis on sillly lines and ridiculous boss fights.  Not enough effort in constructing a story line that knits together well or interesting puzzles for the player to work through.The dialogue and characters hark back to days of Danny de Vito in a penguin suit trying so hard be be mean and scary, or Schwarzenegger painted blue in an effort to make Mr. Freeze cool.  The films have long since grown up.  It would be nice to see the games headed the same way.Probably good for boys in early to mid-teens but for anyone else, don't feel like you're missing out."
76561198152041735,Recommended,209000,18129868,"Posted: 21 September, 2015",all,KrushoTheMuffin,"Awsome game 20% main story and 80% side story. Cool booses, they are not to easy or hard and overall it a very cool game, worth buying!!!"
76561198195452437,Not Recommended,209000,18132431,"Posted: 21 September, 2015",all,Tatjana,Hey the game is the crash please fixed !!! and how to fix the crash !!! thanks
76561198170027838,Recommended,209000,18132802,"Posted: 21 September, 2015",all,Jacup,good
76561198071725994,Recommended,209000,9804762,"Posted: 13 April, 2014",all,Ruli,"This game is cool , good story...puzzels...pretty good...defenitly recomanding it!"
,Recommended,209000,18137600,"Posted: 21 September, 2015",all,DovahViking,Batman is the best.
76561198047296879,Recommended,209000,18139491,"Posted: 21 September, 2015",all,Fred Chexter,"betman  1,000/1"
76561198156161657,Not Recommended,209000,18141606,"Posted: 21 September, 2015",all,Silver,worse physics that fable 2.  games felt less clunky in 1432.  1/10
,Recommended,209000,18145222,"Posted: 22 September, 2015",all,Huey Yeng,"If you enjoy Arkham City, give Arkham Origins a try while Arkham Knight is still AWOL due to the power of Steam Refund!"
,Recommended,209000,18145658,"Posted: 22 September, 2015",all,Thomas,Best Game Everrrrr!!!!+Good Plot Story+Good Combat Fight+Good Extra Combo+Good Audio Sound+Good Graphics-Some Bug In Game-Combat Fight Camera-Hard Control In Map MenuI will Give  9.5/10
76561198091958301,Recommended,209000,12225590,"Posted: 24 September, 2014",all,Chuck Spadina,"Highly recommed, If you like any of the Batman Arkham games get this. The online feature of the game is very nice as well."
,Recommended,209000,12226623,"Posted: 24 September, 2014",all,Daveed,"Pretty buggy, yes, but I think I enjoyed this one the most out of the entire Arkham series. There's just a ton to do and see. No game breaking bugs (they seem to have patched those out now) but a few weird glitches do tend to take you out of the experience a little bit. I'd still recommend this, especially if it's on sale for less than $10."
76561198088105934,Recommended,209000,12227910,"Posted: 24 September, 2014",all,Static Noise,The game is alright. If you like cool fighting then get the game it'll please your constant tapping fingers. Not much of stealth to this game as I thought. I wish there were more people who played the online game.
,Recommended,209000,12227974,"Posted: 24 September, 2014",all,KuroT1k,Very interesting. The story is alright but the combat is wonderful! Deathstroke was my favorite boss fight.
,Recommended,209000,12228387,"Posted: 24 September, 2014",all,loganjamesalex,"I only recommend this because I got it on an amazing sale. very glitchy, many invisible walls in places that you would never have seen them in Arkham: City, plus I have found walls that he can just plain walk through that are visible and got outside the map more than once. Story is very good so if you have played all the other games and enjoyed the storyline more than the gameplay then you probably already own this game. Also really hate how when you die there is no press A to continue (which was present in City) it just plays the animation then immediately loads the last checkpoint so if you die and get up to go to the bathroom when you come back he has died a few more times in your absence. Also if you are in  a stealth predator sitiuation you can't build any melee combos or use melee special moves and vice versa which is so stupid (for example you can't do a double takedown as an intitation for a melee area and in a predator  situation your grapple only stumbles guys with guns doesn't pull it out of their hands). So in short a few steps forward are made in this game and it has a good solid story (even Cold Cold Heart), but many many steps backward are made in this game as well. Feels like I'm starving for Arkham: Knight and this was just like a paltry piece of lettuce that is supposed to tide me over lol"
76561198079456210,Recommended,209000,12142116,"Posted: 18 September, 2014",all,Dovahkiin,"Pretty good game! It makes me feel really into Batman skins through the main storyline! Plenty of villains in this initial game of the Arkham series too and a couple of new options on how to take out your prey/adversary.It has far more combat than the previous Arkham games, however playability is a little less smoother than the older games (City and Asylum). Maybe just for me, but I do get a bit of lag when the snowstorm gets stronger around open areas. Other than that, this game is better in every aspect in single player.Multiplayer is somewhat fun too and might be a little adictive at times, but I bet that it could be made in a more dynamic way to play repeated matches. It's not at all bad, and you get to keep playing with the people that were in your room during the last game, but there is a 30 seconds wait or so in between the rounds (not sure exactly how much) + the time of waiting for new players joining should anyone leave in the meantime.Additional game modes, besides the two existing ones would help a lot to attract more people into the Multiplayer servers too.Still recommended though! If you are into games that combine Stealth and Melee Combat alike and specially, if you are into Single Player games, this is a must have for you."
,Recommended,209000,12144317,"Posted: 18 September, 2014",all,Shappy082,"If you like Batman, must play this game!"
,Recommended,209000,12170788,"Posted: 20 September, 2014",all,NctrnlMjsty ON PS4,74 meta critic wow. theres no way this game is as bad as other 70% games.... people are smoking crack.
,Not Recommended,209000,12175305,"Posted: 21 September, 2014",all,Stimos boyfriend,"Too glitchy, wish I picked up Arkham Asylum instead."
76561197998719984,Recommended,209000,12176196,"Posted: 21 September, 2014",all,Yagee,quite good for not having the original voice actors ....
76561198025838564,Not Recommended,209000,12206074,"Posted: 23 September, 2014",all,cidgrad01,"Arkham Origins is perfectly fine. It looks great, plays smoothly, music & voice acting are superb. However, Rocksteady has pretty much beat this series to death now. You’ll feel cheated if you played Arkham City, because Origins re-uses the maps from it with only slight differences. The reason I can’t recommend it is that it’s the weakest one yet. Even if you have never played an Arkham game before, you’re better off playing one of the first two.There’s very little new in Origins for series vets. You jaunt from pack of mobs to pack of mobs, they get incrementally tougher as the story progresses, and there are challenge maps on the side. There are a few minor changes, such as the handy dandy shock gloves, but nothing to write home about. If you had your fill of the combat system in the previous two titles, nothing here is going to excite you.The story is the only chance this game could have of being something special but it, too, is uninspired. In fact, the story in these games gets more self-satirical as they go along. I’d have to get into spoilers and moral philosophy to explain further. Suffice it to say I felt like Rocksteady’s writers were purposefully goofing on Batman during this narrative.Arkham Origins feels like a game that didn’t need to be made. The story is forgettable and you’ll be doing all the same stuff you’ve done in previous games, right down to collecting an ungodly amount of Riddler thingies. I’d only recommend it if you’re a diehard DC fanboy."
76561197979093036,Recommended,209000,12209547,"Posted: 23 September, 2014",all,gplayer,Batman never gets old. This game is worth to play/buy if you did like the arkham asylum and arkham city.
76561198125751994,Recommended,209000,12212012,"Posted: 23 September, 2014",all,That irate pirate,really fun game the mechanics are not to shabby and the bosses are pretty hard to beat up
76561197979572511,Recommended,209000,12212968,"Posted: 23 September, 2014",all,Dono da Churrascaria,Fantastic game. Okay have some bugs sometimes but they will fix in the next gameplay. The multiplayer is also amazing. Good catch
76561198078457222,Recommended,209000,11865403,"Posted: 25 August, 2014",all,El Gato,great game
,Recommended,209000,11868900,"Posted: 25 August, 2014",all,64andy,"I have mixed Feelings about this game.Pros:Its an Arkham game, need I say more?Large open worldFluid combatTense Stealth (Batman can't take bullets well)Lots of side-questsFunCons:The open world, unlike Asylum and City, is very hard to memorise. Constant pauses to check the map will be needed.Buggier then a bug bugging out in a dune buggy.Multiplayer is dead. You're lucky to find a server with people on it.Multiplayer is nothing special. Just TDM with Batman and Robin dragged into it.Brutal on low-spec systems (Or even my mid-spec)Boss battles are repetitiveOver all, its a mixed bag. I give it a 6/10, slightly above average. Get it on sale, or skip it completely"
,Not Recommended,209000,11869233,"Posted: 25 August, 2014",all,Bullseye,"The game lags like you wouldn't believe on a brand new computer that meets the recommonded specs, and in the middle of the first boss fight the screen just goes black, leaving only my health bar and notices that I'm losing visible. It's literally unplayable because of the lagging and apparently nothing is being done about the glitches. Im actually kind of angry I spent money for a game I cannot play when my computer runs everything else in my library without a problem.Also, minor nit picky thing: the keyboard controls are ridiculous. I had to reformat them entirely to get them into something workable."
76561198066316069,Recommended,209000,11558758,"Posted: 5 August, 2014",all,BEHOLD iTz CG,Buy it.
,Not Recommended,209000,11022679,"Posted: 2 July, 2014",all,TiTz-Up ✶HardA✶,Do yourself a favour Save Your Money! Total Bug fest!I was warned reading the other reviews elsewhere on the net I didn't listen.No way to get my money back ... what a waste of time and effort and expense. :(Update: Got past the Killer Croc progress Bug...The games pretty much the same as batman arkham city. But not quite as good.Got to the fight with Deathstroke they made him virtualy impossible to beat.So I've given up for the moment. There's no fun in just mashing you keyboard for hours and still not progressing.If you don't own a Batman Game buy Arkham City it looks better! also it's a lot more fun to play!..........Update: got past Deathstroke after a few hours trying over and over ... game is now enjoyable .. wonder what the next problem will be... still Arkham City is better ...oh yeah and the story is pretty good although - I would like to have seen more ...-----------Update:Gotta say after the Deathstroke problem ... things get much better ... Still annoying little bugs. But not much to complain about ... the game from that point on is a lot more enjoyable as you can see from my hours.I still would not recommend the game based on the larger gamestopper bugs. and also stupid game design feature like changing the controls and view just to confuse mid battle with a boss :( whoever thought of that was just a sadist not a games designer.If you have got a lot of patience then buy it ... in the sales of course.
,Recommended,209000,11622381,"Posted: 9 August, 2014",all,TheKarateKid,"Batman Arkham Origins is a wonderful game for any fan of Batman, or even fans of video games. These newer Batman titles have added a new twist to the Batman mythos. It gives the player the chance to play as the Caped Crusader and choose what actions he will take to take down these vicious villans. With bosses such as the terrifying Killer Croc, the shadowy Black Mask, and everyones fan favourite Slade Wilson (AKA Deathstroke) you can't go wrong. This is a very fun game with a truly immersive world and characters to match. I recomend this game to comic book fans and gamers alike, and I anticipate to play other Arkham titles in the near future."
,Recommended,209000,11019334,"Posted: 2 July, 2014",all,Banta,"Not nearly as good as Asylum or City, but this game still was a fun ride, and gives you hours upon hours of gameplay. Might sound stupid, but my biggest complaint, is that Kevin Conroy and Mark Hamill did not reprise their roles of The Batman and The Joker. Thankfully Kevin will return as the Caped Crusader in Arkham Knight next year!"
76561198043921694,Recommended,209000,11577271,"Posted: 6 August, 2014",all,deathraven2299 ii+,was not going to play it at all but once i started could not stop
76561198045924362,Recommended,209000,11577585,"Posted: 6 August, 2014",all,Speedwack,I can beat some♥♥♥♥♥without getting myself hurt 10/10
76561198028081649,Not Recommended,209000,11632836,"Posted: 10 August, 2014",all,KyosukeHatatsuki,"I am a fan of the Arkham series (and Batman in general). So I naturally came into this game expecting to see the great storytelling and amazing visuals from the last two Arkham games.Here's what made Arkham Asylum amazing for me:-It was brand new-It had amazing combat-The story was extremely well writtenHere's what made Arkham City amazing for me:-It introduced new gadgets and associated tasks-It allowed you to play as Cat Woman and her story meshed very well with Batman's-The story was even better than the first gameHere's why I feel that Arkham Origins sucks:-You use the same gadgets for exactly the same tasks as the other games-The new gadgets introduced are ultimately uninteresting and bland-The story.....Is there one?-There's no co-op (for story)I'll explain. The story is so boring in this installment, that I hardly pay attention. ""Black Mask"" hires some assassins to take out Batman. And yet, nobody believes the Bat exists at this point? If Batman is not famous enough yet to instill fear in minor thugs, then why is he on the mask's radar? Why would he hire assassins to take Bats out? Furthermore, the side missions are an absolute waste of time. Anarky's was idiocy. You race a timer to reach a bomb. Beat up some thugs. Take out bomb. Then you do it like 4 more times. Voila, Anarky's story complete. Ridler's part in this is inconsequential. You have to destroy relay beakens (much like Joker's balloons in the second game) and disable radio frequency generators or some such nonsense. Boring! Also, the Ridler challenge things are practically the same exact ones from Arkham City. Recycling? Lastly, there's the multiplayer. You play as random thugs, or Batman and Robin. For Batman and Robin it's like playing a predator mission.....again and again......you can unlock either Joker or Bane for the thugs. And they have special abilities you can use....but meh. Simply put, it's just some PvP that does nothing to advance or enhance your gameplay in story. What's the use?Anyway, this game killed the franchise for me. If the next installment has co-op in story mode, I may check it out. When it goes on sale. But until then, the Arkham games have met their end with this one. At least for me."
,Not Recommended,209000,11754733,"Posted: 17 August, 2014",all,𝓹𝓪𝓹𝓪 𝓼𝓲𝓭,"Crashes all the time, can't even play!"
76561197970550591,Recommended,209000,11709854,"Posted: 14 August, 2014",all,Weird_Beard,Very fun game!
76561198084416017,Recommended,209000,11713167,"Posted: 15 August, 2014",all,Mr.CrabKakesIII,easily the best Batman game love the dlc story cold cold heart too
,Recommended,209000,10572764,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,Fermion,Awesome Gameplay
76561198088687278,Recommended,209000,11714915,"Posted: 15 August, 2014",all,Degwimpengwin,10/10 Best Arkham City DLC.
,Recommended,209000,11745145,"Posted: 16 August, 2014",all,MECHnation,"This game is great! The game is set before Arkham Asylum (making this a prequel) and you spend your time around Gotham City (and about time as well). Not much has changed, gameplay wise, WB Games Montreal have taken Rocksteady's Arkham City gameplay, and just use it here. But that's not a bad thing, the combat was really good in Arkham City. There are some new gadgets as well. The one big thing that is interesting is the multiplayer. In this, there are 3 people on the Joker gang, 3 on the bang, and then you have Batman & Robin, who are another team. So it's 3 v 3 v 2, there's no regional setting, so lag is common, it's an interesting mode, some points in the game, each gang can have their leader out for a while to take down the oppenets, that's for Inv Pred Online. In Hunter, Hunted, You have the same number of players, but Robin is ditched out. The leaders arn't avalible in this mode, and there are no second chances. Overall, this game is great! (as I said earlier). The combat is solid, the story is deep and engaging, and the multiplayer shooter mode might make this I good place for newbies to start. 9/10!"
76561198050645778,Recommended,209000,11721238,"Posted: 15 August, 2014",all,curtisoliversmith1994,Absolutely incredible game.. A must buy!!!!
76561198140547856,Recommended,209000,11734047,"Posted: 15 August, 2014",all,FelixRodman,
76561198078902892,Not Recommended,209000,9680335,"Posted: 30 March, 2014",all,Toxication,"Honestly, I consider this game a huge DLC of the Arkham City. This game copies all Arkam City's game-play features, rearranges them and makes this so-call ""new"" game.However, I can't say I did not enjoy the game because Arkham City is such an incredible game, which make its DLC --- ""Arkham Origins"" very playable, too.If you consider buying this, I won't stop you. It still gives you around 30h of new experience. But be sure you are buying this while it is on sale. This game worth around $20, so don't buy it on full price."
76561198057339068,Recommended,209000,11668131,"Posted: 11 August, 2014",all,SmittyWerb,"Not gonna lie... Arkham Origins may be the weakest of the Arkham series but it is no way a bad game. In my opinon, I think it's a pretty good game. Following up on Arkham City was gonna be a tough act right from the start, but I think that WB Montreal managed to deliver a good quality game. The only few gripes I have with the game is the backtracking aspect of collecting ""Datapacks/Trophies"", and the few minor glitches I would run into every now and again. Highly recommended for any Batman fan especially those who like the previous games as well as Year One and The Long Halloween......"
,Recommended,209000,11840116,"Posted: 23 August, 2014",all,Palkyon,It's a great action packed game. Great story and a lot of fun!
76561198078332974,Recommended,209000,11829144,"Posted: 22 August, 2014",all,PimpKing999,Sugoooi Des :)This game is EpicDarkly DelightfulA Bloodraging button Busting Beauty
76561198020402302,Recommended,209000,10979044,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,TheChillAKill,Very good game if you like arkham series. More of the same.
,Recommended,209000,12877211,"Posted: 10 November, 2014",all,ShadowRFox,"Well first let me start off and say that this game is very much like Arkham City. The gameplay is identical to Arkham City, heck even the map is almost identical to the previous one in Arkham City. Now the good thing is, Arkham City is a solid game, so at least Origins is copying a good game. Now with that out of the way on to the review:Story:This game is the beginning in the Arkham game series (in order it goes: Arkham Origin, Arkham Asylum, Arkham City). This is set back when Batman is still regarded as a vigilante and is not on good terms with the police force. The story take place on Christmas Eve with Batman being the target of several assassins, hired by Black Mask. Batman must survive the night while keeping the city of Gotham safe.Story is pretty good, my only complaint is I felt it had to much going with some of the characters and storylines, and they didn't get resolved as well as they could. I can't dive into more without spoiling the game, but overall I felt the story was good.Music/Sound:I found the soundtrack fit the game, but very few songs left a lasting impression on me by themselves. They provide the atmosphere, which to me is the most important. The sound of the game was great. From the radio communication with criminals to the sounds of Batman breaking thugs bones, everything just sound amazing.Gameplay:Well moving around the city is easy with the fast travel spot. Also there nothing like zipping into the air and gliding through the night. Now onto the combat, this is a beat-em up in the greatest regard. Switch from weapons or just use your fist and get a high combo. You could probably get through most fights by just spamming attack, but using counters, dodging, and using weapons just make you feel truly like the Dark Knight.There is a multiplayer to this. I never got a chance to play it, so I'm not going to comment on it.Final Thoughts:This game is a good game when not compared to Arkham City, but the problem is if you just completed City and you start playing Origins then you are going to have a serious case of déjà vu. Personally I recommend you play these games in chronological order starting with Origins, then Asylum, and finally finishing with City. This way Asylum provide a good ""break"" from the play style of Origins and City.All in all, this is a great and for people getting started in the Arkham series, this is the best place to start."
76561197992109671,Recommended,209000,12878765,"Posted: 10 November, 2014",all,SlyFoxBro,"The third entry of the Batman: Arkham series, and the first to be helmed by a studio other than Rocksteady, Batman: Arkham Origins had several people confused with its direction upon launch. Plagued with game-stopping bugs and poor performance issues, many fans of the series were displeased with this title, and subsequently it wound up on several gaming sites’ “Most Disappointing” lists of 2013.However, I would have to disagree with many of those opinions. In fact, I very much enjoyed my time spent with Batman: Arkham Origins. I’d imagine that a few rounds of patches have been applied since launch, because the game that I played was smooth, tight, and primarily bug-free (compared to most other AAA games that I may play throughout the year). In fact, were I to rank the Arkham series, I would probably put this title at a close second, behind Asylum.The game is very focused on getting you into the action, and does not spend time introducing new abilities, weapons, or techniques. You are The Bat from the start, with all the fun toys that goes with the title. The game assumes that you are a fan who has played the previous titles, and the tutorials for how to use Batman’s utility belt will not pop up every few seconds – the game expects you to know how the tools work. I was perfectly fine with this choice, but I wonder if anyone choosing to start with this title would be put off by the lack of hand-holding.The map now contains fast-travel points (thank God…) which can be unlocked, which is a very welcome addition. While I felt that Arkham City’s map was cluttered with icons, leading to an almost suffocating “to-do” list, Origins has the map split into easily-digestible sections with easily identifiable objectives. I had no issues later in the game finding my waypoints, or with chasing sub-quests to fill out my completion rate. In fact, it felt perfectly reasonable and cathartic to enter a section and methodically clean it out, piece by piece. This is a title in which a 100% completion rate isn’t too daunting. I’m really hoping that Rocksteady takes note of this, and attempts to de-clutter the world of Arkham Knight in the next title.At first blush, the narrative of the game may be head-scratchingly odd. Batman has a $50 million bounty on his head, and eight skilled assassins are on the prowl, ready to claim the prize. It’s Christmas Eve, and Gotham is suffering from the worst sub-zero temperatures and blizzard that it’s faced in several years. The obvious question must be asked…why not just call it a night and stay in? Thankfully, the situation is addressed immediately, and Batman has an understandable motivation throughout the adventure. In fact, while the first two games in the series felt more like an episode from the classic cartoon, this particular outing feels more like an issue from the recent comic series, as it’s a shade darker in regards to character deaths and motivations. The voice acting has completely shuffled from the previous games for some reason, even though the new actors make an effort to sound identical to the previous roles (Troy Baker in particular is channeling Mark Hamill as the Joker with as much effort as possible).Overall, I’m very glad that I’ve played Batman: Arkham Origins. It’s a wonderful addition to the overall storyline, and has me excited to see how the series will conclude in 2015. Recommended for anyone who’s played and enjoyed the previous games, or Batman fans in general."
76561198122706508,Recommended,209000,12881000,"Posted: 10 November, 2014",all,darthvaderinhaler,This game is AMAZING!!!!!!!!!!!!!
76561198010371974,Recommended,209000,12883149,"Posted: 10 November, 2014",all,cvblade,"The least in the trio of Batman games. Its good, but not up to Arkham Asylum, and for sure not up to Arkham City. That being said, it is still a good game. 8/10"
76561198039951305,Not Recommended,209000,12821661,"Posted: 6 November, 2014",all,Agent_Dark_Booty,"I would love to give this game a high review, but ever since an update soon after it was released, the game crashes to desktop as soon as I press START at the main screen. All manner of solutions have been attempted to no avail. The absence of support from WB Games is astounding. This game is empty space on my Hard Drive and my bank account."
,Recommended,209000,12825223,"Posted: 6 November, 2014",all,Zombinja,Not quite as polished as Rocksteady's Batman games but still a great experience set in one of my favorite periods in Batman's history.
76561198070766478,Recommended,209000,12838893,"Posted: 7 November, 2014",all,down69upon,<FOr nO goOD reaSOn I likE tO plAY thiS game NEver COMpleted 100% thOW Is mY miSSIon>..........
,Recommended,209000,12842955,"Posted: 8 November, 2014",all,Doctor Chronos,"Awesome prequel to the arkham series, definitely reccommend for any fan of the Batman Arkham games."
76561198078975240,Recommended,209000,12848816,"Posted: 8 November, 2014",all,Nick,"This game is known for it's bugs and issues, but I think it was a decent game. I only encountered two bugs and only one was almost game breaking (the very first boss fight). After that it was smooth sailing! I'd recommend the game to fans of the first two games in the series, even though it's not as good as those versions. It at times feels like a rehash of Arkham City, but I found the story mostly enjoyable and the gameplay is still as solid as it ever was before. Mild Recommendation.7/10"
,Recommended,209000,14887384,"Posted: 14 March, 2015",all,MagTheMercenary,It has Deathstroke.
,Recommended,209000,14889148,"Posted: 14 March, 2015",all,jorgeorm,Awesome game!
76561198038992509,Recommended,209000,14974451,"Posted: 20 March, 2015",all,Aragon4shake,"It's a good game. I cant believe ive missed out on these game because of negative reviews. First off the stealth part indoorsis much more satisfying because you are really punished for not killing badies stealth gameplay. It's much more tougher than previous games ive played from  batman. Storywhise,gameplay,controls,voice acting,graphics are top notch. I highly recommend this game, specially if you turn on physx high, look at the fog and the wind blowing, wow!"
76561198099282569,Not Recommended,209000,14978827,"Posted: 20 March, 2015",all,Slackmoocher,"I wanted to like this game just like I enjoyed the others. I went ahead and bought it after all of the negativity about voice actors and anachronisms. These did not bother me that much; however, what made this game nearly unplayable were glitches. I had to restart several segments because I could not fight enemies trapped in walls or a part of the game did not render and it's hard to go to an invisible island. I am not saying everyone will experience these issues but it certainly ruined an otherwise decent game in a good series."
76561198125645584,Recommended,209000,15154296,"Posted: 1 April, 2015",all,xDeadShot,CLASS 9/10
,Recommended,209000,15159354,"Posted: 1 April, 2015",all,The_Ultimate_EvilBorn,"Despite a major negativity towards this game from gamers around the world, I say its a VERY GOOD GAME!WORTH YOUR WHILE!9 MAD HATTERS /10 MAD HATTERS! (Best Villan EVER........Just kidding, he's useless) O_o."
76561198015790516,Recommended,209000,15161061,"Posted: 1 April, 2015",all,MagBat,"Decent game, if you liked the first two, you'll probably like this one... frustratingly glitchy though."
,Recommended,209000,14143255,"Posted: 24 January, 2015",all,menno4000,"Batman is Batman. Just not as the previous Batman.In Arkham Origins, Batman fights the same groups of enemies, in the same order, throughout about 10 hours of gameplay. Sometimes he also stops to appreciate the wonderful scenery of murdered goons and other killed specimen, but generally, he is there to beat people up. If you like beating people up, this game is great for doing that.Beat/Up would beat up again.Genre: Beat'em Up"
,Recommended,209000,14147493,"Posted: 24 January, 2015",all,Lobotomy,Это было круто и интересно. Или я просто очень люблю комиксы про бэтмэна. Ещё там снег. На нём остаются следы. Невероятно просто!Только вот Альфреда жалко. Бэтмэн так и не съел ужин :(
76561198103835800,Recommended,209000,14075896,"Posted: 19 January, 2015",all,(=TBN=) ~TheFallenMickey~,Wow I LOVE this game. It has a great storyline and wonderful vivid graphics! Very easy to play for gamers starting out. Very vibrant and always full of colour. Almost no dark areas! I love it! -11/10 :D
,Recommended,209000,14076822,"Posted: 19 January, 2015",all,Dr.Buttology,its the♥♥♥♥♥
76561198039747801,Recommended,209000,13533700,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,Drumhobo,I love the batman series and this game as well as the others makes me feel like i am actually the dark knight
76561197994055460,Recommended,209000,13534319,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,Pavo.Ranger,Awesome Game!!! Buy it!
76561198005596518,Recommended,209000,13536297,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,Cockhands McDickly,"WOrth the $5 i paid for it. Same old batman game, rehashed. again."
,Recommended,209000,13297957,"Posted: 9 December, 2014",all,Tapewormlatvia,If you haven't played the previous parts - go and do so. If you have - practically the same as Arkham City.
,Recommended,209000,13285706,"Posted: 8 December, 2014",all,TokyoRisingSun,"Decent game, but overly similar to Arkham City and doesn't bring anything new to the series. Gets slightly repetitive after a while.7/10"
76561197970905151,Not Recommended,209000,25096536,"Posted: 23 August, 2016",all,Moofo,"Beware!!This is a good game and follows on from the previous ones, BUT, this game has glitches.I am 17% in and Batman is stuck, falling in a black void.Every time I try to reset I get the same. After googling the problem it seems lots of other people experiencing the same thing at different points in the game.Unplayable,"
76561198236104904,Not Recommended,209000,25093985,"Posted: 23 August, 2016",all,simpaq,when batman arkham knight work better at same setting
76561198062133785,Recommended,209000,25090187,"Posted: 23 August, 2016",all,The Cleaner,The story in this game is just.. brilliant. Loved this game so much and I recommend it to every Batman fan. Nice work again!
,Recommended,209000,25079413,"Posted: 22 August, 2016",all,greenmafia,great game and if you have 3d vision its even better!!!! Once u go 3d u cant go back
,Recommended,209000,25025991,"Posted: 19 August, 2016",all,KevinOmsa,Left-click Left-click Left-click RIGHT-CLICK Left-click Left-click Left-click RIGHT-CLICK Left-click Left-click Left-click Left-click RIGHT-CLICK Left-click Left-click Left-click RIGHT-CLICK Left-click Left-click Left-click Left-click RIGHT-CLICK[A] Legendary Vigilante
76561198015981826,Not Recommended,209000,25018565,"Posted: 19 August, 2016",all,Kippetje,"Its not nearly as good as the other arkham games, don't get this one if you still need to play the others!"
76561198077719281,Recommended,209000,25065141,"Posted: 21 August, 2016",all,DemitryLove,FUN GAME BUT ONLINE IS DEAD. IF YOU LIKE WAITING FOR HOURS LIKE AN IDIOT THEN GO AHEAD.
,Not Recommended,209000,25136511,"Posted: 25 August, 2016",all,aKa AuGiE,"Ok, here's the thing about this game: I, for the most part, enjoyed playing through it. You will probably read similar thoughts from other reviewers. However, in comparison to other Batman games, this one just doesn't quite hit the mark. The side missions are largely unrewarding (especially the Riddler or ""Enigma"" side mission, which I won't spoil), the main story is pretty rushed and generally uninteresting, and the combat/stealth system is pretty much identical to Arkham City, except the changes they made, IMO, actually DETRACTED from gameplay rather than improved it (i.e. changing ""freeze grenades"" to ""glue grenades"").If you grab this game on sale and have time to play through it, I doubt you'll feel like you wasted your money - it adds to the lore of Batman, it shows you a bit about how the events of Arkham Asylum/Arkham City came to be, and obviously it will give you some more hours of fresh Batman gameplay. But personally, you'd probably be better off spending your time playing New Game + mode in Arkham City rather than picking up this title. Maybe just skip this one."
,Recommended,209000,25164765,"Posted: 26 August, 2016",all,Stuff 'N' Thangs,"I played the whole arkham series on Playstation and thought I should get it on PC as well since I thought it would have better visuals and would be faster. Arkham origins is a great game and I think people sling mud at it because it wasn't made by rocksteady. Great voice acting, I felt that Roger Craig Smith did better than Kevin Conroy even though Kevin actually played the Batman. Troy baker isn't as good as Mark Hamil but still showed the twisted sadistic side of the Joker which I loved. The combat systen is very good, many games try to copy this but fail. The combat can sometimes be a bit linear but it doesnt become boring. I loved the story, great replay value.This game explained the backstory of multiple characters in other Batman games and they also dropped a few easter eggs. Game runs at 60 fps with an Intel i5 2500 6gb ram Nvidia Geforce Gt 710 2gb ddr3 Vram. Arkham City is still the best one in the series. Overall, It's worth ever penny,cent or rupee."
,Recommended,209000,25176587,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,LewdGeek©,"(This is a Franchise Review because you need to play all of those game NO MATTER WHAT.)All of the Arkham games are just AWESOME if you don't know Batman correctly you have to play those game in this Order:*Watch Gotham first (The TV Show)*1-Batman: Arkham Origins (Second Best and Best Joker of all time.)2-Batman: Arkham Asylum (Have to redone the game)3-Batman: Arkham City (Have to redone the game)4-Batman: Arkham Knight (Best one of the Series)Coming Soon: Batman: Return to Arkham a remastered version of Asylum and City. (CAN'T WAIT)After play those game in this Order you will become a Batman Fan NO MATTER WHAT Trust me those game are PERFECT here is my rating:Graphic: 10/10*All of the Arkham have AWESOME graphic and you don't need a TITAN X to run it in the max settings I have a MSI GTX 960 4G and the only Arkham I have put 30 FPS is the Arkham Knight but this game at 30 FPS is DOPE the graphics are incredible you won't believe this, This is the most beautiful game I have ever see.*Voice Actors: English 10/10 - French 4/10Story: 10/10Character: 10/10Sound Effect: 10/10Gameplay: 9/10 *Some control bugs sometime.*Lifetime: 20h for the Story at 100% with DLC and more if you complet the Challenge mode or play online.PS. If You want me to add a note on something tell me I will do it fast as I can."
,Recommended,209000,25170406,"Posted: 26 August, 2016",all,Emaj,i love batman so9/10
,Recommended,209000,25174196,"Posted: 26 August, 2016",all,ajbarnesy,Play it! If you liked the previous games you'll love this so fricken play it!! NOW!!Peace :)
,Recommended,209000,25114296,"Posted: 24 August, 2016",all,darkknightisme,excellent game
,Recommended,209000,24839619,"Posted: 12 August, 2016",all,Revise,"It was a OK. (6.5/10-ish)Story wasn´t much enjoyable if u have any basic knowledge of Batman´s history. Some game mechanics are somewhat broken (the combat was sometimes frustrating). Got bit boring at the end ( or 75%  into the main story line ), fighting same boss 3 times was not exciting at all. I personally didn´t get the feel of the game. The free-flowing combat is good and the optional ""stealth"" approach  is decent. Buy if the game is in sale."
76561198004022855,Recommended,209000,24835995,"Posted: 11 August, 2016",all,maldorf,"I would rate this game a 8/10. Every bit as good as the others in the series. The graphics and sound are superb as usual and the vocie actors are good. The plot is good too. The controls all work well and the save points are fair to a player. I only got stuck in a few spots and once you play the part enough you can beat the enemy and advance on. This plays excellent on WIndows 10 64 bit. This is the first game I played on WIndows 10.I got many hours of play out of this and the DLC Cold, Cold Heart is excellent. There are many fights that you cant just button mash your way through but rather use tactics and strategy to complete. Stealth works well too, use smoke!"
76561198085220577,Not Recommended,209000,24869761,"Posted: 12 August, 2016",all,xXC0DK1D1337Xx,"So I made a forum about this game asking whether or not I should buy this game or knight. The responses I got pointed in origins direction, so I bought it. 4 hours in I exited and have formerly asked for a refund. It is my fault for not doing enough research and figuring out this game was not made by Rocksteady. I'll take the blame for this one. To anyone looking for more of Asylum or City, go for knight, as Origins is not as polished as any of the other Arkhame games."
76561198082959567,Recommended,209000,24780359,"Posted: 8 August, 2016",all,BurgerKrieg,"Riddle me this, when is an Arkham game not an Arkham game? When it's not developed by Rocksteady of course. What you get with Origins is a game from WBM Splashdamage which does a pretty good impression of the Rocksteady brand of Batman game we all know and love.The story is pretty decent but the script is a little leaden. There are preformance issues, with a few rough edges here and there such as the camera occassonally flipping out, Batman unable to jump some small objects, getting stuck or not responding which of course can ruin the combat. There are a few confusing sections where progression is hampered by poor game design rather than difficulty.The boss battles are little more than trial and error pattern learning quick time snore-fests and worse still the same bane boss fights are repeated more than once..sigh. The core exploring, fighting, leveling up and puzzle solving elements of the game play are enough to carry the gameplay experience and will keep you coming back for more.Oh, they did try to too ""improve"" the fighting system making the thugs attacks faster than Batman thus making fights boringly counter biased. Which gets very annoying after the 8-9 hour mark, as it stifles the players choices in combat, the very thing that made the Rocksteady system unique  (-_-)When all said and done Origins is still fun because it apes the Rocksteady games so closely unfortunately it is seriously short on any ideas of it's own, not to mention messing up the core combat mechanics which is the very foundation of the series. Worth a play through if you can get it cheap as there is a lot of content here. A solid 6/10 experience."
,Recommended,209000,24861175,"Posted: 12 August, 2016",all,✪TriggeRYYY,"This is Worth it!its the first batman game i ever played on pc and it was amazing how this game well optimized even in my crap Pcthe story kinda cool,side mission pretty badassmultyplayer is like hell to tactical or i think they hack cause many of them pro nuts :vits not worth with the full pricebut its worth if u get it on salei very recomend this game for batman loverand everytime i fight bane its scared me :)this game will be worth ur time"
,Recommended,209000,23917745,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,Soul Eater,"So multiplayer works now, finally, but I've waited 1 hour to join a lobby where I was the first in and the last out. It seems that as you get to 7/8 players, they begin to leave one by one. So I couldn't experience the multiplayer side of tis game. The multiplayer community is dead, I haven't played single-player as I am still trying to collect all the riddlers trophy's in Arkham City at the moment. When I am done I will be back to write more on this game.Edit: After playing multiplayer for a bit after waiting a few weeks later, I can conclude that it is fun, a small player base but atleast there are players coming to play.Summary-Multiplayer community is low.-When I reach the 8 player mark, 1 player likes to leave so the game doesn't start, don't be that troll, you get reported."
76561198001251133,Recommended,209000,24995508,"Posted: 18 August, 2016",all,Sledge Hammer!,The voice actors who imitate Mark Hamill and Kevin Conroy do a good job.
,Not Recommended,209000,13289770,"Posted: 8 December, 2014",all,XenoLateralus,Feels and plays like a hollow shell of Arkham City.
,Recommended,209000,13289900,"Posted: 8 December, 2014",all,stizz,"Fun, but it can be kinda difficult using a keyboard"
76561198078504738,Recommended,209000,13263225,"Posted: 6 December, 2014",all,Whitegoodman22,It's  a good game.
76561198032110379,Recommended,209000,13263509,"Posted: 6 December, 2014",all,Vocado247,"Let me go ahead and start this off by saying, NO I do not think this game is better than Arkham Asylum or Arkham City. But it sure as hell is close. The things you've probably heard are true. There are not as many secret things to discover, the navagation is crap, there is nothing new from Arkham city, etc. BUT this game was NOT made by Rocksteady. It was made by another developer (Warner Bros. Games Montreal to be exact.) And it's still a REALLY good game. It has an original story line, the fighting is still fun, I've experienced no bugs, the voice acting blows me away considering it's not Kevin Conroy and Mark Hamill. A fact I probably wouldn't have even realized if it had not been for a friend of mine mentioning it to me before I bought the game. I originally played it on the PS3 and sat through an entire weekend to play it all the way through. I love this game. No you won't get as good of an experience as you got from Arkham City but you will still get a great one. This game series is like pizza. Maybe this isn't the best slice of the pie but pizza is pizza.P.s. if you're new to the series you can even play it in the technical chronological order with this one first, then Arkham Asylum, and then Arkham city."
76561198021955130,Not Recommended,209000,13262656,"Posted: 6 December, 2014",all,enemybroadcast,Bummer. Not as good as Arkham City. Play Arkham City instead.
,Not Recommended,209000,13267128,"Posted: 7 December, 2014",all,Batalation,"Awesome game, just perfect... until you hit a game-breaking bug and cry.Spare yourselves the heartbreak, WB won't do anything about it.. very rude."
,Recommended,209000,19172807,"Posted: 20 November, 2015",all,Oggy,Three words: Batman
,Recommended,209000,19146748,"Posted: 18 November, 2015",all,The Emperor Second ♛,The Best!
76561198032689005,Recommended,209000,19238006,"Posted: 23 November, 2015",all,A777,9/10
,Not Recommended,209000,19138479,"Posted: 17 November, 2015",all,Creppy Clam,"I'm not even sure I want to finish this game I hate it so much.If you go for a takedown while someone's incapacitated, you can't counter while doing it, which I think is critically flawed.God forbid you spec into stealth in this game.  Half the time you're just thrown into combat situations with 10-20 enemies who somehow always manage to hit you even while you're smashing the Counter button.Boss battles are all Rinse & Repeat.No way in hell am I going to even attempt going for 100%/extras in this game (Hidden Riddler caches, etc) because it just isn't worth the effort.I will say one thing, though: the voice acting in this game is much better than Arkham Asylum and Arkham City."
,Recommended,209000,16113983,"Posted: 1 June, 2015",all,DaBoss,I dont get it that most of the community of batman arkham  games hate it.I enjoyed it a lot and it hada nice story.The combat was improved a lot but i cant say that the gadgets rock.Also there is a newgadget that makes combat feel like you bruttaly smash your enemy's head but the other gadgets suckand they are useless.Online is good but not perfect and i found the game enjoyable and i never gotbored of it.I forgot to mention that this is the first game that made me buy a dlc!I give it a clear 9.5/10
,Recommended,209000,19355663,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,KawaiiPool,"superman is not existbut, batman is"
,Not Recommended,209000,21287149,"Posted: 17 February, 2016",all,Neo,"This game is pretty much a copy of Arkham City.The mechanics are the same, the gameplay, the thugs, the city is almost the same, but with an uninteresting story.I even dropped the side missions to see if the main story would get better, but I feel like I'm just playing a more boring version of Arkham City.I would recommend to stick with the previous Arkham titles, for me they were much more interesting."
,Recommended,209000,21287730,"Posted: 17 February, 2016",all,CastVenus,"okay let me clear this up , YES , there are big plot holes, boring boss fights, and yeesss the map is way too small , it has many flaws...BUT THOSE FLAWS DONT MAKE THE GAMEmy positive opinions on the game:+very well done intro to joker+unlockable Batsuits in storymode+there are some very well done story segments in this gamealong with some very good boss battles+ and that music ..damnthis is a very underrated game"
76561197998530793,Recommended,209000,20879197,"Posted: 31 January, 2016",all,Ghost,"well, this batman was not as bad as I thought once you get into the story. The enigma part is pretty cool but I have to say, the puzzles were much easier than the other two batmans. Overall, performance is good and supports nvidia surround without any problem. The fighting system is the same as usual, nothing new there. Now, the season pass and DLC...this is where things are really bad. The only DLC worth something is cold cold heart. This is the one where you actually encounter Mr. Freeze and there is an actual story. The rest of the season pass is a rip off. There is the ""initiation"" which is basically challenges with the skin of Bruce Wayne when in training (no story, nothing), the rest, a bunch of skins and more maps. So in the end, just purchase the cold cold heart and do not bother with the rest. If I had known, I would have never purchased initiation. Overall, I will recommend the game, it is fun and will keep you busy."
76561198111673381,Recommended,209000,21219485,"Posted: 14 February, 2016",all,Fatty Patties,"Great game, its underrated though."
,Not Recommended,209000,21141266,"Posted: 11 February, 2016",all,GoodDoggoBoy,This Game Sucks. I Had Found The Disruptor In The Evidence Room But As Soon As I Did I Left Cause I Had To Do Something So I Exited. Next Time I Get On Its Telling Me I Have To Find The Disruptor But I Had Already Found It And It Was In My Gadget Slots And It Wasn't On The Desk Its Supposed To Be On. So Now I Can't Get Out Of The Building Also I Can't Complete The Mission. Worst 5$ Ive Ever Wasted.
,Recommended,209000,21245636,"Posted: 15 February, 2016",all,Madman_Asunder,"Underrated title that is on par with City in gameplay, but blows its story away."
,Not Recommended,209000,21260152,"Posted: 16 February, 2016",all,clint eastwood,"I have a weird bug where I cannot perform any silent takedowns after completing the campaign.I also had a bug where I could not use detective vision, but that ended.I also still have to enter the gotham hotel, despite completing the campaign.I also cannot connect to the multiplayer.But the worst flaw this game has is:I could just replay arkham city and have more fun."
76561198203379840,Not Recommended,209000,21186901,"Posted: 13 February, 2016",all,pencilinhand84,I'm super disappointed with this game. I played the 1st 2 arkham games and loved them but this one just isn't doing it for me. It seems to focus a lot more on combat than the others. That wouldn't necessarily be a bad thing if you could take a break and explore the map but it seems like you're constantly stuck in a building fighting one huge group after the next. Maybe I'm just tired of the gameplay from the other 2 but I just can't get excited about this one
,Recommended,209000,21180471,"Posted: 13 February, 2016",all,~Joshy*J~,Good game all the way through.
76561198040877757,Recommended,209000,21165375,"Posted: 12 February, 2016",all,Shadow,"Great game, feels like a real Batman Game.  Graphics were great, storyline was amazing, no real negatives about it outside of the bug towards the end of the game that wouldn't let you finish it without the use of a controller but that's been hotfixed ages ago."
76561198251683926,Recommended,209000,21162182,"Posted: 12 February, 2016",all,padjobkė,xaxax
76561198087042109,Not Recommended,209000,21146376,"Posted: 12 February, 2016",all,Notorious B.I.G.,"The Batman Arkham series is quite possibly my favorite video game series ever made as I have played the other 3 and deemed them ""Game of the Year"" worthy. But as for this one I can't recommend this as a purchase unless it has a heavy discount. Being a huge fan of almost everything Batman (comics, movies and shows) I will say it does the job of being a decently made Batman game. But its just that in my opinion this isn't that much better from Arkham City which was released 2 years prior. It did introduce grapple boosting and fast travel around Gotham. Also the boss fights are excellently done as they offer planning and trial and error to accomplish. But it also has a very pointless multiplayer mode which I personally would never even try. Also during combat too often I notice finishing moves and counters to be ripped right from Arkham City. So to wrap everything up it is a decent game. 7 out of 10 I would rate it. Get it during a sale if you really want it but it doesn't fit the bill as a ""proper Arkham"" game where the others were flat-out amazing."
,Recommended,209000,21122055,"Posted: 11 February, 2016",all,oogabooga,"decent enough, the textures look awful though and theres no option to change them"
,Recommended,209000,19813782,"Posted: 20 December, 2015",all,Wonsiasty,"Game is awesome. Okey it has many bugs. Okey it has been worse than Arkham City. But still it's one of the best superhero games, so don't tell shi*, just play it ;)"
76561198082843167,Recommended,209000,20016945,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,MrFighterUSA,Nice Even Its A Little Old
,Recommended,209000,20016147,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,mikee688,#BetheBATMAN and learn some of his trades!... and bang!!#$ your enemies and their lovely associates with Bruce's money!
,Not Recommended,209000,20018238,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,Wrathzog,"This game sucks and I hate it.  Combat is frustrating.  Moving around the city is slow and boring.  Severe lack of Stealth sequences.You want an Arkham game?  Skip this one and go straight to Knight as it fixes basically all of those problems.I mean if it's working on PC yet, I dunno."
,Not Recommended,209000,20016601,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,.....(tooltipler),"Reduntant amount of pre-rendered cutscenes makes it look cheap, nothing new over Arkham City, only play it if you are a fan of the story"
,Recommended,209000,20011661,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,clown`,"Batman™: Arkham Origins is the next installment in the blockbuster Batman: Arkham videogame franchise. Developed by WB Games Montréal, the game features an expanded Gotham City and introduces an original prequel storyline set several years before the events of Batman: Arkham Asylum and Batman: Arkham City, the first two critically acclaimed games of the franchise. Taking place before the rise of Gotham City’s most dangerous criminals, the game showcases a young and unrefined Batman as he faces a defining moment in his early career as a crime fighter that sets his path to becoming the Dark Knight.10/10"
76561198035431812,Recommended,209000,20250080,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,Disturbed,"You can say ""I'm Batman"" while playing this game, what more do you want?"
76561198272131660,Recommended,209000,20171583,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,KillDool,Batman Arkham Origins is the best open world I have played this year. The story is great with plot twists here and there. The combat is the best thing about the Arkham games. It is fast paste action that gets the blood flowing. If you like open-worlds and the best combat in any video game with a good story this is the GAME TO GET!!!
,Recommended,209000,20225200,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,ski mask aka the slump god,"Like a movie and a video game in one, really worth the low price."
76561198179971345,Not Recommended,209000,19766238,"Posted: 18 December, 2015",all,This Is My Boomstick!!!,"As was once said in Mad Max: Fury Road. ""Mediocre"""
76561198155543395,Recommended,209000,20163530,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,LonelyOrange,"This is the best batman game of them all. It's better than arkham knight. My cons are:- No Scarecrow action (WB please make this a dlc)- Online is lobby waiting sim 2013 (WB, this is annoying because the online is one of the best parts of the game, when it works)Hope this helps you decide, and have a good New Years Eve, and New Years."
,Recommended,209000,20157306,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,MikeStar,Still better than Arkham Knight.
76561198021430942,Recommended,209000,20110585,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,Eyesicle,"luv this game like a big mac, but it taste wee bit different . they didnt use special Kevin C sauce"
,Recommended,209000,20186186,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,IggyDaDawg,Want to punch people in the face?BUY THIS GAMEWant to stealthily punch people in the face?BUY THIS GAMEWant to punch a bunch of Batman villians in the faceJUST BUY THIS GAME
76561198176220007,Recommended,209000,20197656,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,TROLLMINER,yes its a great game
76561198205562208,Recommended,209000,23546802,"Posted: 13 June, 2016",all,ofo,"While this game is buggy and has issues, it still managed to be a pleasurable experience.  If you are a fan of the other games in the trilogy I would definately recommend picking this game up.  The story is refreshing since it revolves around batman before he was well known and respected."
,Recommended,209000,18346441,"Posted: 5 October, 2015",all,David0vić,Origins tells a good prequel story to the rocksteady arkham games and the developers did a pretty solid job at replicating the success of those games. I enjoyed the story overall it was very engaging and i really liked how they used the villans in the story. The combat doesn't feel as smooth and the level design just isnt as good as the others as well. Somehow the graphics in origins are worse than in asylum from 2009 it just makes you apreciate the rocksteady games even more the quality just isn't the same. Its still a good game though and i do recommend it.7/10 (Good)
,Recommended,209000,21815462,"Posted: 13 March, 2016",all,KrewlexDesigns,It's a fun game !!
76561198125570724,Recommended,209000,18474935,"Posted: 14 October, 2015",all,Shryne,"Pros:- Good story/campaign- Big map- Good side missions- Good combat- Great voice acting- Great graphics- The Batcave- Atmosphere- Challenges- Collectibles- Post credits scene- Quick travel- DLC's- Online multiplayerCons:- Camera jumps around a lot more in this game than the other games in the series- For some cutscenes the frame rate drops a lot- Combat isn't as smooth as the other games- Can be hard to find people online- For one of the assassin's all you have to do is to punch him once (only time you ever fight him)- Some moments are more tedious than othersSingleplayer 9/10, multiplayer 7/10Chronological order of the series and years they were released:- Arkham Origins (2013, main game in series)- Arkham Origins: Blackgate (2013)- Arkham Asylum (2009, main game in series)- Arkham Asylum (2011, main game in series)- Arkham Knight (2015, main game in series)There are also 3 Android/ iOS games:- Arkham Origins (mobile, 2013)- Arkham City Lockdown (2011)- Arkham Underworld (2015)"
,Not Recommended,209000,21801366,"Posted: 12 March, 2016",all,Victor,All batman games are the same. I recommend arkham city .
76561198082133339,Recommended,209000,21844583,"Posted: 14 March, 2016",all,Blackstar,"Batman: Arkham Origins is much better than the previous games, in my personal opinion. There's more to do, better graphics, better story, bigger map, and I only wish it had a better cast of villains like Arkham City."
,Recommended,209000,18121713,"Posted: 20 September, 2015",all,Romaan.M,WELL THEN WASNT WAT I EXPECTED BUT YEAH......GOOD
76561198034104869,Recommended,209000,21842341,"Posted: 14 March, 2016",all,J.Mpoux HLN*,!@#$%^&*
76561198181763446,Recommended,209000,22003835,"Posted: 23 March, 2016",all,SkyWolf_22,Awesome!!!! Nuff said
76561198073516616,Recommended,209000,22005069,"Posted: 23 March, 2016",all,RAINFALL,.
76561198109122544,Recommended,209000,21910556,"Posted: 18 March, 2016",all,Ayreon 01011001,"For all it's many flaws, it's still very much a worthwhile experience to Batman fans."
76561198008935726,Not Recommended,209000,22032293,"Posted: 24 March, 2016",all,rapier12,Terrible. White screen of death.  Tried fix found online. Black screen and crash. Never played. Awesome special. Thank ♥♥♥♥ it was $5. Avoid if you have a computer put togther after 2006.
,Recommended,209000,21045992,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,Emratajkowski,"Great story, great characters but ruined by tons of bugs and glitch. the control seems weird tho."
,Recommended,209000,21026245,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,Cosmo,can't find the third bomb10/10 best game of 2014 even though i bought it in 2016
,Recommended,209000,21026370,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,Mcc #badass,Just buy it...
76561198027102339,Recommended,209000,10653445,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,Kyndros,"Arkham Origins brings a fun experience that I've come to expect from the series. It did however feel lacking in comparison to it's older brothers. With crucial bugs up to a not-so-recent patch, the game wasn't complete-able for quite some time. I say this to outline that this flaw existed and to also point out to take my opinion with a pinch of salt.Asylum was a whole new world for me, never before had I had such a fun experience in a fighting game and the batman theme? A plus. City brought out free-roam and the world was my oyster. Origins? It felt too similar to Arkham city in my eyes and although it gave a different perspective, the gameplay was already pretty stale.All in all, I would suggest that if you've played the previous games to indeed try it out. Die-hard batman fan? I don't think anything I could say would stop you from playing it. New to the series? My suggestion is try Asylum and then City BEFORE touching this game. Thank you for reading my biased review and hope it has helped!"
,Recommended,209000,21015161,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,マンコ,pretty short but pretty goodwow
,Not Recommended,209000,21016116,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,Bilbo Swaggins,"This is the worst game out of the series. But it's still a 7-8/10. While the introduction of The Joker is an interesting part. The random characters they try to throw at you just doesn't work sometimes. Once you've played the rest of the series, or it's been a long time since you've played one, then pick this one up..."
,Recommended,209000,7512734,"Posted: 29 October, 2013",all,ARACHNE99,This is the third chapter in the epic arkham series. This is batman before Arkham city. Really fun battle system and good graphics
76561198115638142,Not Recommended,209000,20843762,"Posted: 30 January, 2016",all,Grumec.Deathwish,"Bugged as !FU.CKexamples???alright*open a door, eternal fall, game autosaves. lost 10h of gameplay*final boss, be trapped on a loop of eternal punch the boos face*..."
,Recommended,209000,15991868,"Posted: 24 May, 2015",all,KaBooMDynaSty,Just buy it.
,Recommended,209000,15992480,"Posted: 24 May, 2015",all,I am the Flash,very fun
76561198052313621,Recommended,209000,8385018,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,Nazrat,It's batman Arkham game wtf else do you need to know you make squirty bat faces that explode onto weak walls and you use time machine detective mode to solve crimes.you glide around the city on your rubber squirrel wings and if ANYONE CROSSES YOUER PATH YOU BEAT THE CAK OUT OF THEM BECAUSE U ARE BATMANthats what batman does
76561198098325894,Recommended,209000,16067968,"Posted: 29 May, 2015",all,Bipots2,"Great game, though the worst in the series. It is everything you would expect from the ""Arkham"" games; great action/combat, cool boss fights including some DC villains from other comics...plenty of stuff to do after you've beaten the game. No real downside to it.  I highly recommend it to any series veterans or newcomers."
,Not Recommended,209000,16212312,"Posted: 5 June, 2015",all,Yoker,Glitched into a wall and the save was corrupted. Not good enough to start again. Fix your♥♥♥♥♥♥ WB.
76561198296454289,Recommended,209000,23092277,"Posted: 19 May, 2016",all,♬ SyriaN WolF ♬,good one
76561198084123327,Recommended,209000,23032450,"Posted: 16 May, 2016",all,KingOfWars ╰_╯,why dlc is expensive god knows
76561198101916118,Recommended,209000,23017904,"Posted: 16 May, 2016",all,iMystiqueX,I love everything in this amazing game. I'm just glad that I was born to this era. #BatmanForever
76561198142433142,Recommended,209000,23077183,"Posted: 19 May, 2016",all,Mr.Lonely (Bepo),"Because I'm Batman, and batman says this game is amazing 8 assassins after me and much action and brutality with detective batman on duty tho there's already a past between Bane and Batman and I thought this game is the ORIGIN of all so 8/10 because 8 assassins but it is so much fun. I would give it a 10/10 if only The Riddler would fight me."
,Recommended,209000,24449707,"Posted: 21 July, 2016",all,IDon'tNeedAName,Best Game EVER
,Recommended,209000,24458512,"Posted: 22 July, 2016",all,GummyBears,"I actually like this game because i love Warner Bros, i love the story and the graphics...When i fight Deathstroke i was die 5 time then i watch youtube how to beat Deathstroke but still fail until my brother was playing and he win, for me Deathstroke is the hardest boss ever and bane.....this game is insanely hard 8/10Before i played :I am noob player for singleplayer game or adventure gameAfter i played :i feel like im pro player-Nice Graphics-Nice Story-Epic Boss Fight-Nice Mission-Cool Puzzle-Amazing Combat (makes you feel like a badass)-Cool GadgetsIf you like batman recommended to buy this game wait for sale [summer sale or winter sale]"
76561198052667608,Recommended,209000,17487096,"Posted: 11 August, 2015",all,aaza,"other than the what i think are overpowered snipers this is an amazing game, the side missions on this one are better than arkham city's. as in the title it is an origin story and so you know who wins and wh loses and such. but so what. in my opinion this game is between arkham asylum and arkham city in its rating."
,Recommended,209000,24559396,"Posted: 27 July, 2016",all,Azure Steel,"While not as polished as Asylum or City, I feel this game unnecessarily gets a bad rap. Personally I fought the story to be the tightest of the Arkham Series and the music by Christopher Drake was on point all throughout. Combat is a tad clunkier but its still the same free flow combat you're familiar with. Although it may have been plagued with issues when it launched, most if not all have been fixed and I've been thouroughly enjoying this game. If you want more Batman in your life, you can't go wrong with this one."
76561198041481766,Recommended,209000,24285295,"Posted: 12 July, 2016",all,Darclin,Batman.
,Recommended,209000,24285485,"Posted: 12 July, 2016",all,Fry_rice123,"THIS GAME. Damn. The gameplay is as smooth as ever, the story was really well done, and the boss fights were really fun to do. None of this game felt like a chore, in fact even the whole running around looking for collectibles part was more fun than I imagined. 8/10"
76561198111033543,Recommended,209000,24220625,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,Lwolf,"If you love batman this one is what you looking for-Best game play-Best combat (like another bat game)-Best story linejust buy it and now you can say""I'm Batman"""
,Recommended,209000,24293673,"Posted: 13 July, 2016",all,Alex Kij,+Great gameplay+Smart AI+Interesting storyline+Cool gadgets-Graphic glitch-Some bugs-Frame rate fell unreasonably
76561198290920456,Recommended,209000,24301683,"Posted: 13 July, 2016",all,Hassan Gaming,"An awesome game even after so many years it has aged well and you can still find a lobby to play in, this game is  reccomended by me  if you guys want a good batman game with and awesome multiplayer! :)"
,Recommended,209000,24239639,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,Roflopolous,I like the part where Batman glitches and I get to play 3D Flappy Bird.
,Recommended,209000,24674178,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,aaronlovesfood,"As a huge fan of the Arkham series, I was hoping for Origins to be my favourite.However it falls flat compared to the others...The storyline is very basic and generic, I was not as involved or empathtic towards characters in the game this time roundThe game runs fantastically and looks great too so no issues there.The map feels bland and empty compared to City, this very much reminds me of the Just Cause series as that map is empty is lifeless too.Pros-AMAZING BOSS BATTLES!Great portCombat styleLengthCons-Bland storyEmpty worldBad ending (In my opinion)Don't get me wrong, it's not bad however it could have been SO much better than what it turned out to be.Final rating- 6/10"
76561198306500482,Recommended,209000,25043175,"Posted: 20 August, 2016",all,Raging Videocard,This game was really optimized and i can play this game on core2duo and hd 5570 for 50-60 fps med-high settingsIf you have a low end pc then buy this game
76561198029435189,Recommended,209000,25230768,"Posted: 29 August, 2016",all,ramy-awadalla,this is the Batman ture game for me
76561198029066010,Recommended,209000,7596712,"Posted: 7 November, 2013",all,SonsOfMogh,"At the Time of writing this yet another bug prevents me from going any further, It was a rushed product so wait till they get all the bugs out then get it."
76561198321646846,Recommended,209000,25217441,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,ThE DaRk NiGhT/ LEGO MaStEr,i highly recommend this game i enjoyed it alot everything about the game is good this not much bad things i can say rally the deathstroke battle is amazing and i like the new game mode i am the night mode i found this a huge challange thats what i like about the game its not easy you have to try your best on i am the night mode or you wont do it i love this game
,Recommended,209000,25182855,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,BNK 48 Is Coming,it hard to say100/10
76561198149069367,Recommended,209000,22444394,"Posted: 15 April, 2016",all,Maelstrom,"A challenging game with an engaging storyline, excellent voice acting, fairly sophisticated combat mechanics, creative detective mode and various side quests = another successful entry in the Arkham franchise with interesting plot twists. Highly recommended for Dark Knight fans."
,Recommended,209000,22447356,"Posted: 16 April, 2016",all,Konbu,Good Storyline
,Recommended,209000,22908410,"Posted: 11 May, 2016",all,RobinDF,"Not as good as Arkham City, but I personally liked it more than Asylum. *GASP* Yeah I did, sue me."
,Recommended,209000,22730575,"Posted: 30 April, 2016",all,but vro,fantastic
76561198067177760,Recommended,209000,22729356,"Posted: 30 April, 2016",all,Miyam Rucks,"Not quite as interesting as the first two, but lacking the awful bugs of the fourth."
76561198074520500,Recommended,209000,22730144,"Posted: 30 April, 2016",all,mckee.s,Awesome game.
76561197970144656,Recommended,209000,22714813,"Posted: 29 April, 2016",all,Doctor Zaius,"While the gameplay doesn't extend far from Arkham City's, ""Origins"" delivers an immersive story, creative boss battles, a wealth of cutscenes and a snowy Gotham atmosphere. It's a worthy Batman experience with a few surprises up its cape."
,Recommended,209000,10750406,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,₪ Yahooit ₪,Well Worth the Money you also don't need to play the other 2 because this is a prequel.
,Recommended,209000,20927332,"Posted: 3 February, 2016",all,VorteX,I r8 dis game cus U CAN GET TO BE  FRIGGIN BATMAN M8 THAT IS SO AWESOME. Yeah like I said u get to b a freakin BATMAN kill bad guys and stuffs.
,Recommended,209000,20937902,"Posted: 3 February, 2016",all,Hays,Interesting story line which introduces most villains in the batman universe. Easy gameplay and nice visuals. Recommended  for all die hard batman fans.
,Recommended,209000,20838888,"Posted: 29 January, 2016",all,CreepyFriki,"People say it's not as good as the rest of the Batman: Arkham games, but it's not that bad, I liked it."
,Recommended,209000,23727187,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,Origin Saint,"Once again, expanding on the Arkham series started in 2010, Origins has entered the fray (as of 2013).This game, once again, like Arkham City, expands on the great system presented in Asylum.The world is once again, open.  Arguably more so than before, yet still restricted based on story progression in some areas, understandably so for a game with a linear plot.The boss battles got much better and less frustrating than before, but still challenging.In the three years since release, the graphics have aged just as well as the first two games, and still holds it's own today.Once again a console -> PC port, but it seems to have worked well, with minor issues with possible crashing, but nothing game-breaking as far as I'm concerned.The cutscenes are ripped from the console version directly, so resolution will not looks a crisp as it could have, but still acceptable, as it doesn't break any immersion or anything.The story, is once again stellar, exceptionally so given it's linear nature and the predictability of the universe it takes place in.Once again, unfortunately, the collectible system has been masisvely inflated and there are much too many of them, but they still offer interesting lore to the universe: concept art, challenge maps, interview tapes from villains, background stories for characters, etc...The combat system didn't change much, aside from some new gadgets and their mechanics.  If it isn't broke, don't fix it.The Cold, Cold Heart DLC is pretty good and expands on the story behind Mr. Freeze, but the rest of the DLC is mostly filler and stuff for replayability in the form of challenge maps and challenge campaigns, which don't interest me, personally.Overall, the game is definitely worth trying out, even more so if you're familiar with the previous installments in the franchise."
76561198018818860,Recommended,209000,23723854,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,The Raven,combat is faster and AO is a nice improvementlove that there's mor detective jobsdoes;t relly need MULTI PLAYER  but it reallyshould have had more villains
,Recommended,209000,22352413,"Posted: 10 April, 2016",all,Viktor,Great game. Good Batman game
76561197972392330,Recommended,209000,22356446,"Posted: 11 April, 2016",all,Samsonite,"9/10My favorite of all the Batman games. The atmosphere is pitch perfect, the graphics are beautiful, the story is original and fits the Batman universe better than any of the other games and the character design is the best it's ever been.The soundtrack, made by Christopher Drake, also really helps to set the tone for the entire game.It's darker, more mature and more intelligent than the Rocksteady-games.Only on hitch. The multiplayer was broken, last I played (Feb 2014). That is the only reason I'm not giving this a 10/10Playing Batman: Arkham Knight now only makes me want to play this game again."
,Recommended,209000,22542769,"Posted: 20 April, 2016",all,LikeABoss_FTW,"This game is pretty good I really enjoy it. My friends said that it wasn't that good, but it's actually pretty good U should get this game :)"
,Recommended,209000,22491265,"Posted: 17 April, 2016",all,Alabaster,Awesome!!
76561198139505543,Recommended,209000,22627080,"Posted: 25 April, 2016",all,shadow_409,Awesome!
76561198115057879,Recommended,209000,22627249,"Posted: 25 April, 2016",all,Pepsi Man,Welp.What can i say i enjoyed the game.People say its bad but it tells you the story. 7/10
,Recommended,209000,22611505,"Posted: 24 April, 2016",all,Cybaris,The game is kinda fast paced but it still keeps you on occupied enough with the challenges and it's a great addition to the Arkham franchise of games. Highly recommend it.
,Recommended,209000,22622373,"Posted: 24 April, 2016",all,Tomthecat,"This is a good game but... when you run into a game breaking glitch, like the black room (or eternal falling) glitch, then the game is useless unless you actually want to do everything over again in a different save file. So this is just fair warning about the glitch, but overall, I thought it was a good game."
,Recommended,209000,22632198,"Posted: 25 April, 2016",all,kreddy,(｡◕‿◕｡)
,Recommended,209000,22529321,"Posted: 20 April, 2016",all,the Large Cow™,i refunded arkham knight so i cant make a ♥♥♥♥♥♥ review for it
,Recommended,209000,16975836,"Posted: 10 July, 2015",all,diegocg,"Big world, noir, great story, nice gameplay and Batman."
76561198163134123,Recommended,209000,16978633,"Posted: 10 July, 2015",all,Paran0rmal,good game
76561198147220269,Recommended,209000,16981797,"Posted: 10 July, 2015",all,Dramalix,its fun but sins yesterday if i load it just the batman sign is gone and there comes nvidia blablabla... and then the game freezes please help?...thanks anyway
76561197995980283,Recommended,209000,12694446,"Posted: 30 October, 2014",all,DavidN,awesome!!
,Recommended,209000,12694536,"Posted: 30 October, 2014",all,Deadlyclaire,Brilliant Batman game advances heavilly on the arkham story so worthwhile
76561198037181481,Recommended,209000,12268633,"Posted: 27 September, 2014",all,donjensenep,"Well Done Game, Although not up to the same level as the previous two games which were created by anouther game company.Gamplay issues I found are the repetativeness of everything.  you really do fight allot of the exact same battles with pawns in different costumes.Story wise... Well as a fan of the comics this was crap. I understand you want to have as many trophie villians as possible for a title to draw people in but spead the story over a multiday arch it just does not make sense to have this much happen in this amount of time. On top of that these characters should not exist timeline wise in there current inarnations not represented ages at this time.  That being said it is a game and they have to do what will sell items.I bought he game on sale with all the DLC for around 15 which i would recomend if your going to purchase it. Well worth the cost of trip to you local fast food chain and much healthier.Graphically 4 out of 5Game play 2 out of 5"
,Not Recommended,209000,12271161,"Posted: 27 September, 2014",all,Drew Austin,"Numerous bugs in the main game that the developer is aware of, but has no interest in fixing. They claim they are busy working on DLC. Well looks like the development of DLC is done, but they still have not addressed them. Software quality assurance legislation can't come soon enough."
,Recommended,209000,12272680,"Posted: 28 September, 2014",all,Malik,"Good gamesimiliar to Arkham City with just a little tweak here and thereThe final boss just gimme a goosebumpsStory : Awesome, love the twist. better than Arkham City 10/10Graphic : glitch glitch everywhere 4/10Gameplay : just a little improvement, but i love the batcave :D 7/10Sound : Epic 9/10overall 8.5/10*extra 1 point because it is Batman :D"
,Recommended,209000,25075301,"Posted: 22 August, 2016",all,Lt.m@nd@r,I bought this game during the sale and I have not been let down yet. As I purchased this mainly for the story mode so I don't know much about its online play aspect. I have completed the story on normal mode. I will try the New Game Plus  if time permits. I had a great time playing this game though I have not yet mastered the combat system. I definitely recommend this game for everyone.
,Recommended,209000,24945937,"Posted: 15 August, 2016",all,$1 Hair Cut,"While not as great as Batman Arkham Asylum & City, Arkham Origins still stands strong in its narrative aspects as well as keeping the gameplay familiar and simple for new and returning players. Arkham Origins offers a story following his beginnings to become the batman we see in other installments. The story for this game is fresh for players wanting to play a standalone Batman game. The boss fights are very well done and impressive (except one). Overall, without giving too much away, the game seems like a good Batman game that will satisfy fans of the series or introduce new ones, but don't expect too much of a difference between the previous two installments."
76561198057770049,Recommended,209000,24946254,"Posted: 15 August, 2016",all,Ape With Funny Face,"I mean yeah if you're bored as♥♥♥♥♥♥and just want to play something with batman in it, it's worth it.Other than that, eh."
76561198291993838,Not Recommended,209000,24941153,"Posted: 15 August, 2016",all,Frick Yeah,"Overall it's not a bad game. Not as good as Arkham City or Asylum, but admittedly that's a pretty high standard. Unfortuntely I had issues with graphics all over that forced me to restart from checkpoints and eventually left me standing in a black room with no way out (thankfully after completing the main story). I'm playing on windows 10 so that might by why, but honestly I have no desire to restart my whole game to complete side quests. Also the map is annoying when trying to mark objective points. Maybe skip this one and play one of the other Arkham games instead. Or just wait and see if it goes on sale for cheeper and try your luck."
,Recommended,209000,24956970,"Posted: 16 August, 2016",all,combee is op,Fun game especially with a controller.
,Recommended,209000,24948856,"Posted: 15 August, 2016",all,Phantom Legend,I can actually relate to this game.Morever I can relate to Batman.420/10This game is the actually the story of my life.
,Not Recommended,209000,24913838,"Posted: 14 August, 2016",all,TaktiskT,Still buggy as hell!
,Recommended,209000,24884172,"Posted: 13 August, 2016",all,ipsofacto2244,"Decent yet flawed Arkham game. The idea of an open-world Arkham game based around the less-fantastical aspects of the Batman mythos (detective work and crime-solving) is refreshing enough to make it worth a playthrough, especially if you get it on a deep discount. If you've played Asylum and City until you've memorized them, then this makes a solid change of pace. Be aware, though, that the combat is not as tight, nor is the stealth as tactile. Everything in the game could have used another six months of polish. The boss fights are inventive, but since many of them rely on those less-polished mechanics you often encounter challenges that, rather than fair (as in AA/AC), come across as annoying. Moreover, the combat scoring is far more granular and rewards a precision that simply does not exist due to the looseness of the controls.Worth the ride for the main story, the bosses, and the crime scene sequences. Just don't expect it to be as endlessly replayable as Arkham City."
,Recommended,209000,26337953,"Posted: 31 October, 2016",all,Qahnaarin,Batman is my herooooo !!!
,Not Recommended,209000,16752210,"Posted: 27 June, 2015",all,Valento Helbrecht,"Definetly the worst in the series, controls feel extremely clunky compared to the other games."
76561198239365600,Recommended,209000,26450056,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,ポンオタク,สุดยอดดดดดดดดดดด
76561197971807620,Recommended,209000,17678646,"Posted: 23 August, 2015",all,dr house besuch,"Far better than anticipated, all the review i read were kind of ""nah"". The Version I played had only one bug, the fight with fierflys henchman woud not start. Everything else ran smoothly. The Story is descent, you have to keep in Mind it's a prequel. There is very much to do and the fights were suprisingly fair.Bought it for five bucks on sale, but it's definitely worth the full price. I played 24 h and didn't even  do much side missions. If you liked the other Batman Games, this one wasn't made by Rocksteady but it's on par with their games."
,Recommended,209000,25853853,"Posted: 4 October, 2016",all,thesteve86,"The worst in the entire franchise. So frustrating. Controls sticky or unresponsive in certain fights. The menu system is janky. The idea that he meets so many of his villains for the first time in one night is ridiculous. Events take place that contradict information provided by the earlier entries in the series (not major, but lore continuity matters to me). Larger play area, yet it feels emptier than Arkham City. The map from Arkham City remains for the most part. The multiplayer is dead, but that's to be expected. They reuse a lot of assets from earlier games, some of which don't make any sense the way they are used. Example: There is a photo frame with a picture of Aaron Cash and his family from an Cash's desk in one of or both of the earlier games. In the photo, he has his hook hand, meaning Killer Croc had already bitten it off while incarcerated in Arkham Asylum. This photo frame is used repeatedly in Arkhm Origins, basically anytime there is a desk and a photo frame is needed, it's Cash. Doesn't matter where, police station, bank, radio tower, all Cash. Doesn't matter that Origins takes place before Cash or Croc are at Arkham, thus Cash still has his hand. Honestly, at times it feels like this game is just a cash grab riding on the coattails of Rocksteady's success.Still, it's not a bad game. Interesting story, though forced as it maybe. They've expanded upon the detective mode a bit, which I think is really neat. Simplified a few things, for better or worse. Added fast travel, which is a godsend on the huge map. Also added the Batcave as a visitible location for training and a few other sorts of things. Expands on gadgets a bit, for better or worse.As annoying as it can be, I still had fun. Buy it on sale with the DLC bundled, don't waste your  money buying each piece individually."
,Recommended,209000,16645997,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,Sir Lagsalot,"It's a good game but is VERY buggy!The online part is gerate! It's challenging and gives you som training when you plays as Batman and Robin. I'ts fun to play with your freinds. It's buggy too.The story is a little short but it's okay. You have to find som anachy tags around in the city and it takes a lot longer than collecting the riddler trophies and scan the riddels in BAC because you don't know where they are hidden.The fasttravel function is horrible. It takes a millennium to load, i only use it when i want to go to the batcave."
76561198069397735,Recommended,209000,26081953,"Posted: 16 October, 2016",all,The Brown Hornet,"I put this game on the backburner due to its reputation for being the lesser of the Arkham games simply because it wasn't developed by RockSteady, but Warner Montreal did a decent job. I knew the boss fights were improved but that is an understatement, the boss fights where some of the best I've played since the original Metal Gear Solid. Bane, in particular was surprising, his role in Asylum and City were minimal but here he is a real threat on and off screen.I think the story and voice acting are superb and the only real fault of this game is that it doesn't look as good as Asylum or City, which is odd considering it is a more recent title. Riddles aren't much of a riddle at all and there are way too many fist fights... but other than that its Batman!The game is at its best when it borrows from the self contained Arkham Asylum more so than the open world Arkham City. The interior scenes are great, the open world however is under-developed."
,Recommended,209000,26072156,"Posted: 16 October, 2016",all,ABDJ94,This was my first time playing the Arkham tetrology. Absolutely love the in game experience and story. Definitely recommended.
76561198068039070,Recommended,209000,26151664,"Posted: 21 October, 2016",all,cajkysimo_cz,7/10 CajkyCritic
,Recommended,209000,26144407,"Posted: 21 October, 2016",all,NatraExa,"Singleplayer : I rate story in this game is absolutely good and challengingMultiplayer: When you got message ""Connection to Steam has been dropped."" and EVERYONE LOSES THEIR MIND!7.5/10"
,Recommended,209000,26129625,"Posted: 20 October, 2016",all,Ordeth,"The gameplay is great, the gadgets are great, the story and the characters are amazing (joker's psyche evaluation was incredible), the sidequest crimes available to solve are very entertaining, all in all it's a great game."
,Not Recommended,209000,25109580,"Posted: 24 August, 2016",all,Ilgoth,"Honestly - this felt an extremely shallow and pretty much recycled from the previous entries in the series. Story was worse than the previous ones - lot of technical issues STILL THIS DAY (I dont have problems with other games, so I dont believe it would be in my end).The core gameplay is the same we know, but this got old too quickly. I played 80% of the story and couldnt continue. Uninteresting, and all those little side activities around the map were more than a bore. They annoyed me, they irked me. Pretty much broke my mental health.Don't buy, or you end up in Arkham Asylum like me. That's a good game by the way, play that instead!"
,Recommended,209000,7473154,"Posted: 25 October, 2013",all,ANT,Очередной Шедевр!
,Recommended,209000,25069753,"Posted: 22 August, 2016",all,WraithLock,"One of my favorate games off all time, it has an engaging story, awesome voice acting and the best boss battles i've ever had. (my favorate boss battle ever is Deathstroke) It is a big game and always has something to keep coming back, and its multiplayer is still good and has people still playing."
76561198160123399,Recommended,209000,25053566,"Posted: 21 August, 2016",all,SUBREAPER10621,"I would strongly reccomend this game. It has awesome combat, great stealth/predator missons and good bossfights. Its great for anyone that has played any of the other batman games. The only big problem with the game is the possible situation where you can get stuck in the enviroment and have to start over."
,Recommended,209000,25048769,"Posted: 21 August, 2016",all,Stumitrescu,Not the best game in the series but still really good fun.
76561198139108781,Recommended,209000,17019467,"Posted: 12 July, 2015",all,Zandrov,"Batman arkham origins is barely different from Arkham City, with some other issues. The good is that the combat, the stealth and the exploration is great, but everything else falls flat.The bosses don't add to the story, the story doesn't add up with the rest of the series and the game is very glichy. But is you like the other Arkham games or any action game then you will like the game. 7/10"
,Recommended,209000,24712181,"Posted: 4 August, 2016",all,Steve47Block,"This is great game, love the combat and endless traveling in Gotham. Definitely recommend this if you want hand-to-hand combat."
76561198109858979,Recommended,209000,24943495,"Posted: 15 August, 2016",all,Kalimonde,"Another great Arkham Game 8.0/10Pros:- Foes of this installment are fresh- Arkham City is double big now and the old and new area depicted here actually fit with Arkham Knight grounds (located north of them)- The story is quite interesting on its own and builds up towards its sequels- Menus are less messy than AC, hurray!- Batwing's fast travel is a decent way to move around without the AK batmobile.Cons:- The alternative skins for most iconic enemies from previous Rosksteady games is quite annoying.- If the new skins are annoying, the villians voicing is are too. Nonetheless they are actually fine, just oddly different.- The overuse of Joker is also present here.Veredict: More fun for Batman lovers!"
76561198191019902,Not Recommended,209000,24622147,"Posted: 30 July, 2016",all,Samnnyy,"As a batman fan I wanted to see if this game can be decent batman game. Even If its a bad game its a batman game so it can be that bad its like pizza. The first time through the story its Great! Its like your being burraged with like 10 things at once and your somehow doging it just barly. Some on the stuff in the story supprized me like oh wow I wouldnt thing of that but after the story is over i found my self in a loss for content. The very boreing same bildings make the cimatic gliding boreing, fighting mobs on the city streets doesnt feel flashey like the prevous games. The mutiplayer setting is just a basic marking product to say hey look cod fans it has muliplayer. Also the predoter maps are im horid locations. Their is olny 3 or 4 locations that i like for combat/pretor maps. So i give thes game a 7/10. So if you have Arkham city or The more recent knight just stick with thoughs. Although if you have arkham asylum it might a upgrade, but their is no reason you dont buy arkham city over this one. if your a die heart fan on batman then go head and buy becuase the experence is not very bad. Just the after campain is lacking. Happy gaming and God bless."
,Recommended,209000,16370730,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,R3DFLA5H,7/10 good grafics but glitchi enemies
,Recommended,209000,24672127,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,nothing_is_forbidden,great game. much has improved from the first one cant wait to play the third.
76561198104910712,Recommended,209000,24784968,"Posted: 8 August, 2016",all,jhamez,This game gets a lot of #### from people but its really fun the combat is amazing like all the other arkham games yeah its not made by rocksteady and the graphics arent great but its awesome
76561198273295102,Recommended,209000,24786211,"Posted: 8 August, 2016",all,frosty,it works fine its just the steel mill level when im poisoned and i have to fight my computer jamms up and i have to turn it off
,Recommended,209000,24782164,"Posted: 8 August, 2016",all,Moriendor,"Yet another piece of art in this awesome series of games and quite possibly my favorite entry or let's say about on par with City. Asylum is really great, too, but I enjoyed the sprawling city of Origins and City more than the relatively confined Asylum. Also, the final boss battle of Asylum SUCKED so much I /ragequit... so contrary to City and Origins I never got the satisfaction of really finishing that game ;) .Anyway, a highly recommended purchase even for people who aren't into comic heroes or Batman (like myself) because the gameplay and the story presentation is king here. These are some of the best executed games I have ever played."
,Recommended,209000,24792183,"Posted: 9 August, 2016",all,H,"Its a real good game,the story is amazing.But hey,I payed it only 4,99 so,..♥♥♥♥ yall!"
76561198069747161,Not Recommended,209000,24796045,"Posted: 9 August, 2016",all,DikBut,awful game got stuck on a bug in the first hour and cant progress any further will continue to try and fix it but it is just awful paying for a game and not being able to play it
,Recommended,209000,20324773,"Posted: 5 January, 2016",all,Ollie the Oak Tree,"It is a good game. That I am sure of. However, I did not look at its requirements, and my computer cannot support its hardcore graphics, which resulted in quite a bit of lag for me. The game is still good though."
,Recommended,209000,20346832,"Posted: 6 January, 2016",all,Dimitrius,"This game is fun, but it brings nothing new to the table when compared to Arkhan City (except Fast Travel, perhaps).The plot is not much and is not one of the best of the Arkhan Series (I wouldn't say the worst, Arkhan Knight is out there somewhere).6/10, wait for a sale."
76561198137819168,Recommended,209000,20466783,"Posted: 11 January, 2016",all,max007.lotz,very enjoyable i however golt it on a special so big deal. Very impressed by gameplay lots of info disks to collect
,Recommended,209000,20494082,"Posted: 12 January, 2016",all,H2Doom,Great game. Arkham City was better of course but still this installment is true to the series.
76561198268655373,Recommended,209000,20507485,"Posted: 13 January, 2016",all,Paldadin upgrade.gg,Is best
,Not Recommended,209000,20387032,"Posted: 7 January, 2016",all,Mr. Kel,"Liked- Good introduction to other Batman Villians and characters- Crisp Visuals- Black Mask is a good new take....at first- Get to use the Batcave- Alfred is great addition to cave. Great voice acting.Disliked- Story was a massive letdown. Assassins aren't used to full potental and are drowned out by Joker....- Combat has hiccups compared to the other games. More frustrating than challanging.- Doesn't tie into the main series well. Writers didn't know much about characters they were writing about.- Too much combat. It becomes tidious and chore like. Takes away from the immersion into the story.- Batman's voice actor sounds as he is reading off cue cards and has no variety to voice.- The environment is cut and paste. Though visually pleasing to look at it is only skin deep.Overall Impression - Just play Asylum, City, and Knight. Will save you from frustration and a mediocre story that had potential....until a certain point in the plot."
76561198020719716,Recommended,209000,20363295,"Posted: 6 January, 2016",all,Britard,"Definitely my favourite Arkham game, probably made for servicing fanboys.The Joker story in the second half of the game is just perfect."
76561197971242821,Recommended,209000,20042445,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,BlackCloud1412,"Unfortunately, I got a progress killing glitch playing this game.  So you might want to pass on it.  I'll try again, but really frustrating to run into a game killing glitch.  Otherwise, good stealthy gameplay, good close quarter combat, somewhat easier than Arkham City to string together stuff.....but Arkham City didn't glitch up on me.  This one did.  Damn it."
76561198062498585,Recommended,209000,20151946,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,TOYANG,wehn i play the game its bery good wit a batman vs superman twist at te end wit a clown on berthday partys in gohtam.
,Not Recommended,209000,20067518,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,RoosterAceDN,Confusing storyline
76561198016262236,Recommended,209000,28402016,"Posted: 16 December, 2016",all,pew pew,great game!! badass batman!! the storyline still not the best but we enjoy the game and the fights :D
76561198165545613,Recommended,209000,28401131,"Posted: 16 December, 2016",all,Cp,"Great graphic, great gameplaythis very recommend game"
,Recommended,209000,28338730,"Posted: 12 December, 2016",all,Dr.Fuff,"I like the arkham games a lot.  I have had time to play the other games multiple times as well as finishing Arkum Knight 100% on my Xbox (after having found ways around some of the annoying bugs it has to offer).First I will say that the game is really good story wise and it really enticed me.  The combat was pretty much the same as Arkham Knight, the boss battles were awesome and challenging.However, I'm not sure if it's my inexperience with Arkham games or the fact that I had 100% the final game in the series but pushing for the 100% completion (story mode) was very agrevating.  This is based off the Dark Knight challenges and the Pinkeny plaques.I get it the Dark Knight challenges were meant to be hard but for me it felt like it took way too long to do it.  You would get achivements for completing each sub cataglory of challenges and there would be crimes in progress and random pointless preditor missions left around so you could try them but by the end of the game where I finally caught the Joker I had done like 2 or 3 of each of those challenges.  I did a couple but gave up in the end.The Pinkney plaques were also horrible as well.  I did'nt even know the side mission existed until I decided to scan one of the plaques I found next to a data pack.  There was also no support for this mission, this meant no markers, special indications (unless somehow owned a certain comic) and no hints.  I gave in after finding only four plaques and decieded to look up a video on youtube and then discovered that even if I found 7 plaques ( it gives you the 7th plaque first telling you to collect the others) there would have still been one left.  Aparently, after you collect the 7 plaques, it expects you to find a random door hidden somewhere in the map, unlock the door after collecting the 7 and then scan the last plaque.  After you do all this, legit or not, you'll probably be expecting a reward as well, but guess what?  The only reward you get is a complete profile database and what actually happens to Pinkney."
,Recommended,209000,28305281,"Posted: 11 December, 2016",all,Radone,"Much fun, so stealthy, very entertaining9/10 wow"
76561198331189934,Recommended,209000,28244043,"Posted: 7 December, 2016",all,b_2tha_m,This game is really underrated in the Arkham series. Most people hated on this game because they didn't feel it progressed enough from Arkham City. But don't be fooled this game is very fun!
76561197979041680,Recommended,209000,28230137,"Posted: 6 December, 2016",all,SUPERSEXYHOLYSHIT,The whole batman series by Rocksteady has been awesome. I wanted to start using a controller. Bought steam controller. Batman and the others came next.. Nice game totally recommend getting it on sale or not its not 60!!! thats for sure
76561198037213705,Not Recommended,209000,28201542,"Posted: 5 December, 2016",all,afro-duck,Wait for sale. Still laughably glitchy and feels unfinished overall.
,Recommended,209000,28218027,"Posted: 6 December, 2016",all,legit chinese,11/10
76561198210448409,Not Recommended,209000,28766177,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,SarcasticKing89,"I personally had issues running this game. (FPS, glitches, controls being sluggish) In it's own right, Origins is a half decent game, but it just can't compare to the original two. (I haven't played Knight and can't judge based on that)"
,Recommended,209000,17864975,"Posted: 3 September, 2015",all,✪ Jase csgoroll.com,8/10
76561198082369568,Not Recommended,209000,28791292,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,ThatUnoriginalGuy,"As much as I love the Arkham series, this game fails to live up to its potential and makes every threat feel pointless and lazy. The combat system is still fantastic but the overall game just lacks that grit that made the other games feel so worthwhile."
76561198310661824,Recommended,209000,28836650,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,Pinhead Larry,Needs More Memes
,Recommended,209000,16582114,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,A British Rail Class 66,spent 5 hours trying to beat deathstrokeRIP social life
76561198093949456,Not Recommended,209000,28852232,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,Quashi Gandalf,stopped working for my computer after awhile idk why but it pisses me off
76561198094454400,Recommended,209000,28857957,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,Steve,Recommended for all Batman fans. The back stories of the villains and of Bruce Wayne is great. I just wish they make the game a bit longer though. But everyting else is cool.
76561198089073491,Recommended,209000,28854445,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,Octopus.J,"One of my favourite games!Great storyline, good graphics!Best played with controller!"
,Recommended,209000,28864148,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,Jasmine,"I was a huge fan of Arkham Asylum and Arkham City, so I was very excited to play the next installment in the series. Did it live up to my expectations? Well...YES! Yes it did!Not much has changed since Arkham City. The setting is almost identical, you get a lot of the same or similar gadgets (the glue grenades are a reskin of the old freeze grenades, for example), and the overall gameplay is very familiar. Which is GREAT! The gameplay was awesome before and it's STILL awesome! And while they reused basically the whole map from the last game, the addition of new story locations, new missions, and new Riddler puzzles makes the whole thing feel new.Things that changed for the better:-Those really frustrating Riddler puzzles where you had to find the perfect camera angle to snap a photo of the question mark? Those are gone. Good riddance, they were a pain.-The sleuthy bits play a bigger role, which is cool because those parts are cool and show off a cool side of Batman.Things that changed for the worse:-I feel like there are more buildings and ledges that aren't compatible with the grapnel? It's a little more difficult and fiddly to get around as a result. Not by much, but a little bit. The bridge is also pretty annoying. Fast travel helps, though.-No Catwoman segments. Those were neat in the last game.-Higher percentage of D-list villains, because I guess they don't want to use the same ones every game and they're running out of good ones at this point. Although on the upside, maybe if you're a casual fan, you get to be introduced to some lesser-known characters you might not have heard of before, so that's cool. And a few big names like Joker and Penguin are still there, of course.That's all I can think of. Not much has changed. But, again, that's good, because Arkham City was great to start with. The flowing beat-em-up combat is still awesome, there's still tons of secrets to explore, and I ended up enjoying this game just as much as its predecessors. I'm definitely happy I bought it. I would recommend it to anyone, even if you haven't played the previous games, since it's a standalone story."
,Recommended,209000,28871460,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,Ball_Fondlers,"Arkham City and Asylim are still better in my opinion but it's still a great game. Not to mention the whole nounty on your head thing makes some of the boss battles more fun than in Asylum where you just have to avoid bane's cbarges. I also like the concept of a young batman, not well known to the criminal underworld and making rookie mistakes. I'd recommend this game any day."
,Recommended,209000,26582561,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,SweFish,I like it. Good story but i cant get trough deathstroke. The multiplayer is AMAZING tho you cant find a game. The mechanics are good and i recommend.Tip: Buy it at sales (5$)8/10
76561198331467067,Recommended,209000,30163375,Posted: 25 February,all,indominusjack13,love the story line and you can go to arkham city before they built a wall around it love the arkham games but for a 2013 game the graphics are poop the cutseens look better then the actual game play over all i was a step down in qaulity compered to the rockstedy ones wb montral can't wait if you make a nother ARKAHM game to the franchise
,Not Recommended,209000,20685070,"Posted: 22 January, 2016",all,BauerHaus,"25 Hours into the game and it put me in an infinite black screen falling.  This bug has been around for years apperantly.  So please take that into mind when I say this Batman game is just a little disapointing.Heres the thing this game is EXACTLY like the others.  The game play is the same, combat, gadgets, detective mode, etc.  However the puzzles are easier, most the riddler puzzles involve use of one gadget if that.  All the gilde missions are easy, this is the only Batman where I actually did all of them and interestingly enough I got the hard ones on the first try.The boss fights are simple, Deathstroke is 'hard' because it forces you to fight a specific way, its both the first boss and the counter tutorial.  Other than Deathstroke the bosses have been super fast, I didn't even know I was in the final fight with Shiva till it was over, Bird is literally weaker than the thugs he has with him, and the only thing hard about Bane was the length of the fight, my arm got tired.They have added some elements to the gameplay, random crimes will start that are always just a bunch of criminals standing arguing over guns or hostages, but it still helps to have a break.  Some of the gadgets are new and underwhelming, the shock guantlets seemed so out of place, it turns you into the Shocker from Marvel and lets you get through a third of the puzzles in the game.tl;dr Overall I got to say I liked it as a Batman game, but I have major issues with the gameplay, puzzles, and the fact that I lost a 25 hour game because of the known glitch that they never fixed."
,Recommended,209000,19792151,"Posted: 19 December, 2015",all,3InchMeatMonster,"very solid game, 9.5/10. very fun, the changed the voice actors for batman and joker and the way they looked. but the voice actors are very good. never tried multiplayer, it porbably sucks though. its a must own"
76561198194725573,Recommended,209000,19978448,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,jasshears,good game
76561198001138670,Recommended,209000,19953968,"Posted: 25 December, 2015",all,Cpezz,worht every penny of the 5$ it cost me get it u wont be disappointed
76561198232230076,Recommended,209000,19975459,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,DARKNIGHT23m,YOU MUST PLAY THİS AFTER FROM BATMAN ARKHAM CİTY.THAT WAS INCREDIBLE.
76561198049070495,Recommended,209000,19992325,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,E.M.P.-ERROR,"Batman Arkham Origins feels like a big expansion pack for the outstanding Arkham City.PROs:-You don't just play Batman, you ARE Batman-amazing design-fantastic combat system-great stealth system-big open world (although you know half of it from AC)-fantastic voice acting (although no Mark Hamill)-great Bat-gadgets-amazing boss battlesCONs:-predictable plot-no riddles-plot holes-no real improvements-who needs a multiplayer in a Batman game???-camera problems-no free save system"
76561198117049287,Recommended,209000,19949905,"Posted: 25 December, 2015",all,rayodemuerte,Very niceProbably my favorite installment of the Arkham seriesI like the shock gloves
,Recommended,209000,20060907,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,My Parents Abuse Me,A threw a guy into a pole and he got knocked out into water10/10 would kill guy again...i mean... knockout... yeah
,Recommended,209000,20070366,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,The Real MF Lx,"10/69 i got to explore alice's wonderland, ;)"
76561198083598316,Recommended,209000,20095872,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,Horrible Andy,I liked it better than Asylum but not as much as City.
,Recommended,209000,20115431,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,Rhapzody,"Not as buggy as Arkham Knight, 10/10"
76561198104369086,Recommended,209000,20185693,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,Aɴ0NʏM0ᴜSᴇ,"Really good game, was worth the price on sale! Good graphics, good open-world & good fighting system! 10/10"
76561198031730242,Recommended,209000,20210881,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,dansawkins,Tis good.
,Recommended,209000,20162875,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,Conlemagne,"This game was the first game I played twice. For me, that was a big deal.This game may seem like a hack n slash type at first, but it was much more. At first it felt like that, then I focused on how high I could take my combo, how much variety I could throw in, and all the while being captivated by the graphics it had to offer. The story leaves me on my toes, but it still felt repititive to a point. The free roam type made the game worth playing that much more. Sometimes I'd like to just swoop in and kick some♥♥♥♥♥and other times just enjoy the view. All in all, this was a great game and I would recommend this to a friend any day. I'd give this:8/10"
76561198131252662,Recommended,209000,20047789,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,Tyler-Insomnia,"It's not a terrible game but it's a bit of a buggy, unoptomised mess. If there was a neutral rating I'd give it that but I guess I would say I reccomend it but you should get it cheap and make sure your system is well above the reccomended specs. You should do that for every game on Steam, really. I really don't understand why people give games bad reviews when they say their computer meets the reccomend specs but the game still lags..."
76561198225388820,Recommended,209000,20047231,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,TheBooty,A great story with lots of challenge maps
,Recommended,209000,20046593,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,ThePCGamer101,"DISCLAIMER: This is a full review, and NOT a first impressions review like all my other reviews, if you want a better full review, then please read better reviews then mineBatman: Arkham Origins is the sort of prequel to the other Arkham games, that of Rocksteady's Arkham Asylum and Arkham City. I have played both Arkham Asylum and Arkham City through my physical copies of the games. Arkham Origins is not developed by the folks at Rocksteady Studios instead it is developed by WB Games Montreal, and you can tell as a majority of the voice actors from the previous Arkham games are not featured in this oneThe story basically shows Batman starting out his life of saving innocent people and combating crime in the city of Gotham, a city filled with crime, drugs, violence and corruption. The snowy city returns once again in the open world style that the previous game (Arkham City) offered and that is the problem that Arkham Origins has... its more of just the same game, only it tells a different story with the same characters and new onesThe graphics are very pretty and I played it at the right time of December as Arkham Origins takes place in the one night of Christmas Eve. I noticed that the game did stutter whilst it was saving and nearing the end of the game, in one of the boss battles, the frame rate did dip drastically, due to the amount of baddies there wereApparently this game had a lot of techincal issues, which thankfully, by the time I bought it I experienced no technical issues, just the stutter and frame rate drop here and thereThe gameplay mechanics are the same as the previous Arkham games, nothing to write home about. You have to bash the left mouse button as much as you can, then press the right mouse button to counter and press a few buttons here and there to counter attack, it gets pretty boring after a while. The thing to write home about, is the boss battles, and it is not something nice to write home about. The boss battles are... bad, on the level of Arkham Asylum's boss battle and worse, what on earth were they thinking... some boss battles you have to just press one button, whereas some other boss battles you have to do the same attack pattern over and over again...The voice acting, although I did not really like Batman's voice actor (Roger Craig Smith) as opposed to Batman's voice actor (Kevin Conroy) in the previous Arkham games, however I did like Joker's voice actor (Troy Baker) but nobody beats Mark Hamill as the JokerOverall, Arkham Origins is not a bad game but not as good as its predecessors. If I had the choice of paying 60.00EUR or the price I had to pay for it which was cheaper that what WB Games is squashing out of its consumers with its ridiculous full pricing options. I would pay the cheaper price, if I had to pay full price and with all the problems it had when it came out, then I would not have been satisfied...RECOMMENDED :)"
76561198009379908,Not Recommended,209000,20068993,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,kptHorse,"Its the same game for the third time, also one of the poorest pc ports."
,Not Recommended,209000,31500091,Posted: 1 May,all,Coldria,"Game has many and I mean many bugs in it that just throw off the fun of this game. From sound bugs, to doors not opening bugs, to bugs of batman flapping upwards as he glides it just gets downright rediculous. I love the batman games but this one is just outright unpolished."
76561198216671159,Recommended,209000,31521923,Posted: 3 May,all,KukuFefe,Simply Good 7/10
76561198148871904,Recommended,209000,31696051,Posted: 11 May,all,GreeDus,"Weeellllllllll not as good as asylum nor city but i have to sayits not a bad game. in fact, its a great game and well produced!it have some great moments and ester eggs  but there are some this that bothered me.it's a consel port. and i also encounterd A LOT of framerate drops in the black gate part but other wise, it ran nice and smooth"
,Recommended,209000,31768351,Posted: 15 May,all,Jibby,Best batman game in the franchise
76561197963370641,Recommended,209000,31872752,Posted: 20 May,all,Greybush,"I've seen people give this game some grief but personally i liked it, mostly for the storyline."
,Recommended,209000,31888246,Posted: 21 May,all,chief nutter wikwemikong,"Pros:-Good Story-Fun to playCons:-Maybe im just garbage but it feels like the controls dont work all of the time (Ground takedowns and Grappling)-I have a pretty good PC but get framedrops a lot (1080 gpu, 6700 cpu, 16 gb ram, ssd)If you see this game on sale, get it."
76561198232979232,Recommended,209000,31792385,Posted: 16 May,all,Sidetrackx,"First let me say that this game has a known problem where cutscenes play slow and choppy so if this happens you need to disable dx11 and turn on dx9 you can do this thru the games ini file, once that is out of the way lets get started.This game is pretty good, if you want to play the games in order for story this is where you start then asylum and so on. I had alot of fun with some of the new upgrades and a few takedowns, this game has more of a difficult edge to it, where crowds can be 10 or more with some being blockers with shields, knives and guns making it tricky to counter everyone so evading becomes a good idea.There is alot to do in this open world with sidequests and puzzles just to add to this great atmosphere, with a fast travel system added which makes everything much easier.I cant let it off the hook for its errors though, I have seen a few times the ai would just break and they stop fighting its weird when a group of 4 break like this, also when in large groups if 3 goons attack at same time you cant counter at all you will take all 3 hits and a few more from bystanders its annoying.Im not done yet if you get spotted you have to go far away or they will sense you at least snipers do its very weird when im on the ground and i cant sneak him cause he just knows... this only matters when you use stealth but this alone will get you killed late game.Despite that i still recommend this, I heard this game wasnt as good as the others thats not true, very fun prequel and runs better than Arkham Knight!!"
76561198215833315,Recommended,209000,31799769,Posted: 16 May,all,Dark_Knight,Batastic!! in every way a great game.
76561198061676986,Recommended,209000,31912993,Posted: 22 May,all,AraFin,"JUST GET IT .. This is isnt one of thoes games where you have to think about it, its got all the aspects of a game that makes you want to play it all over again once you're done."
76561198367595477,Recommended,209000,31245268,Posted: 19 April,all,mr meeseeks,good game
,Recommended,209000,31966954,Posted: 26 May,all,ALEX_MORA,"Amazing Game, it has all we wanted in Batman game. worth the money!!...if you have the chance, play the complete saga!."
76561197988200255,Recommended,209000,31908370,Posted: 22 May,all,Famousghost,"coolest, darkest and one of the best batman game.."
,Recommended,209000,31739291,Posted: 13 May,all,prop_static,"Despite what people say Batman arkham origins may be one of the best Arkham games don't agree? let me give you some reasons.Batcave:In Arkham Asylum you could visit the abandoned cousin of the batcave (Arkham Island Cave) here you could look at the computer, Push boxs off ledges, look at the computer?, Jump of the edge and glide around then quickly grapple back up.As you can see from this list it was L A C K I N G i mean where's Alfred, The batmobile? The wayne manor elevator? Well in Arkham origins it has all of these and it really does make you feel like batman.Cutscenes:These cutscenes can be described as one thing... EPIC violent camera movements interesting shoot spots great graphics it's made like The Animated series just went 3D and got an M rating and that music makes it all the better.Characters:In this game i must say the characters are bland but that's ok because during this time none of the strange and completely weird villians have come to power yet except for Joker, Baby killer croc, Penguin and Bain.Boss Fights:This is a game where your failure is a lesson the boss's have patterns and different fighting styles and the Deathstroke battle is just the taste test it's no longer about dodging the charging monster until he passes out from slamming into the wall it requires skill.Police Cold Cases:These are the cases the police can't solve and it's up to batman and his magic holograms to figure it out these are fun looking for clues and using your head.THE    B A T W I N G: although not drivable. This thing is a beast the sounds it makes as it screans through the sky. It feels like the most powerful batwing ever created. It always makes fast traveling fun.These are the reasons i love Arkham origins and you should seriously give it a try."
,Recommended,209000,32051735,Posted: 29 May,all,finmide,EVEN MORE BATMAN!
,Recommended,209000,7492493,"Posted: 27 October, 2013",all,PixelFiend,Amazing!!! two thumbs up all the way!
,Recommended,209000,14707379,"Posted: 1 March, 2015",all,0ptiMacar0ni,"Batman arkham origins is a good game, the only thing is that one of the boss battles is pretty difficult(even on easy).must buy it!"
76561198164379922,Recommended,209000,32055652,Posted: 29 May,all,legoharry,"I am always surprised when I hear people say how terrible this game is.For a cannon game that fits well with the other games in the Arkham series, I don't see any reason not to pick this one up (especially if you are playing/have played the others)I find that this game isseverely underratedfor some bizzare reason.If you are still on the fence about this game, pick it up on one of the many steam 'Batman Franchise' sales."
,Not Recommended,209000,21415395,"Posted: 23 February, 2016",all,Dona Neves,"Desanimador, é o que eu tenho pra dizer!!O jogo é bom, mas nenhum dos Batmans até o momento tinha tantos bugs quanto esse, na verdade nos outros não cheguei a ver bugs, mas este, pelo amor de Deus, é muito bug.* A missão do Riddler diz concluída mas o ícone dele não sai do mapa e nas torres o cara continua falando;* Bug de planagem;* Bug nos combates;* Após inumeras tentativas fui pesquisar o por quê de não conseguir fazer o Critical Strike nos inimigos, e descobri que no T + M não funciona. Legal né!!! Além dessa B!@#$ não funcionar, ainda me fazem de idiota!!* Tentei o Critical Strike no controle e também não funcia. Mesma coisa que acontece no T + M;* Tiros atravessam paredes e inimigos que te enxergam através das paredes;* Inimigos travados em determinados lugares;* Bug ao interrogar algum inimigo / informante;* Arpéu não funciona direito;Isso são só coisas o que eu lembrei, deve ter mais, fora o que não aconteceu comigo e aconteceu com outros!!Outra coisa são os momentos de luta contra vários inimigos, coisa que já tinha nos outros, mas neste conseguiram deixar extremamente chatos e apelativos...no modo Game Plus então, meu Deus, tenho que parar e respirar umas 10 vezes pra não socar o monitor. Esse momento lixo do jogo contempla mais ainda com os bugs pra estragar com o jogo!!Na boa, o que tem de bom no jogo é a ambientação, a história, a temática e o enredo...essas foram as únicas coisas que me fizeram continuar jogando, porque de resto pra mim ficou igual pra pior ao anterior, igual porém com bugs! Se fosse que nem Skyrim (que é repleto de bugs porém é BEM maior) onde ainda pudesse dar umas risadas e fosse possível driblar o bug...mas não, é um troço que incomoda e atrapalha o gameplay!! Isso que comprei quando o jogo já tinha uns 2 anos de lançamento, não poderia ter todos esses erros, já deveriam ter sido corrigidos!!!Estou extremamente descontente com esse jogo chagando a perder a vontade de jogar as DLCs (talvez quando minha raiva passar eu jogue)...e vou pesquisar muito antes de comprar o Arkham Knight, afinal, este é um investimento muito alto pra vir com tantos erros assim!!."
76561198159835550,Recommended,209000,32117586,Posted: 1 June,all,Erikcyka,"Not so waw, nothing new but hmmm, if u like to be the greates detectiv u must to play this, even more it s about Killing Joke :o and who dosen't like Joker and he's origin story?"
,Recommended,209000,32146044,Posted: 3 June,all,Spartacus,"While the Batman: Arkham series really plays out more like an interactive novel then an actual video game, I can't help but enjoy them.The sequels in particular though have suffered from major content bloat; I'm all for creating side quests, but when that evolves playing the same little mini-game 15 different times from different locations, that's not really adding enjoyment to the game."
,Recommended,209000,25907972,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,scukobyte,"A lot of people bash this game, but I feel that they do not give it enough justice.Yes, it didn't improve that much, or added new mechanics into the good ol' gameplay, but, hell, story was so darn good.I love me some Bane and he was terrific in this entry. His best appearance in the series."
76561198108423709,Recommended,209000,25689666,"Posted: 25 September, 2016",all,Damvios,"Awesome Game!Good graphics, excellent story line (maintaining original DC story line) and good game play."
76561198026426449,Recommended,209000,25692896,"Posted: 25 September, 2016",all,karl.knast,"Overall, I think this game is great. I got it on sale and thought all substantial bugs were wiped out until now. I had a nice learning curve for that combo-style combat. It looks really fine and fluent. As you learn new moves you can beat the higher challenges, both via your own fighting skill and by advancing the skill tree.Yet, after 10 hours of playing the game said that my savegame is corrupt and I should delete it. On a PC! Luckily I didn't do that. I looked at some forums and recognized that this was a bug three years ago which was not confirmed by the developers. After rebooting the Saves were there again, so thumbs up!"
76561198131783870,Recommended,209000,25254099,"Posted: 30 August, 2016",all,Respawn,Me: Hey hey Buddy.Buddy: What?Me: Guess what.Buddy: *See's notification on steam saying i'm playing Batman arkham origins*.Buddy: I swear if you say what i think your going to say i'm gonna...Me: I'M BATMAN!!!Buddy: Goddamnit.
76561198321164599,Recommended,209000,25808618,"Posted: 1 October, 2016",all,Automater,"This game is definitely nowhere near as good as Arkham Knight, and it takes a while to get really good. But once you're well into the game it earns its place in the Batman Arkham series."
,Recommended,209000,25723356,"Posted: 27 September, 2016",all,Monadhyl Lisaquatch,"accidentaly talk to Alfred at batcave and get ""Alfred Wisdom"" Xp5/5 would get Wisdom again"
76561198211695720,Not Recommended,209000,25732894,"Posted: 27 September, 2016",all,tony,"BUG,BUG,BUG. always freeze during the fly. then i have to shut it down by task mananger."
,Recommended,209000,25733734,"Posted: 27 September, 2016",all,Gief,"So far, so good, fits well with the past two, two points though:1- seems to fit almost too well with arkham city with the feel of the game2- joker seems too put on in this game compared to the natural feel in the last two titles"
76561198220229865,Recommended,209000,25597720,"Posted: 19 September, 2016",all,Hanger644,"There isn't much to be said about the main story, but the multiplayer's a blast.Too bad no one plays it anymore."
,Recommended,209000,25672467,"Posted: 24 September, 2016",all,Haunted Evangelion VHS,"At first when I got this game I kind of ignored it because it wasn't made by the original team, but I guess I was wrong to do so. After picking up the game again a few years later and really played through it I came to see this game wasn't a quick cashin to follow up Arkham City. I loved the Christmas eve setting (The longest Christmas eve the world has witnessed) and some of the new gadgets added were great."
76561198289258445,Recommended,209000,25624521,"Posted: 21 September, 2016",all,princesskylar,"really awesome .... till the puzzle♥♥♥♥♥♥comes in. the combat , graphics , and story are great . the puzzles and lack of direction when your in a location suck however. it shouldnt be ""oh lets let the player guess on where they need to go to continue the mission"
,Recommended,209000,14790418,"Posted: 8 March, 2015",all,ChinsForDays,"Batman Arkham Origins is a game that I find often divides people on its quality. While I think its not as good as Arkham Asylum and Arkham City I still feel it’s a good game and even I would say, underappreciated and possibly even underrated. Origins is made under a different development team than AA and AC but I feel WB games actually lived up to the standard of the previous games and made a good addition to the Arkham Universe.Arkham Origins as the name suggests is a prequel. It's Christmas Eve and Bruce Wayne has only been Batman for two years. Black Mask, Gotham's biggest crime lord decides to put out a 50 million dollar bounty for Batman which attracts some of the most deadly assassins in the world to come to Gotham and take on the Dark Knight. Bruce himself is still finding his place as Batman, he can fight and solve crimes as good as he could in the first two games but he is still angry and so hell-bent on his mission that he can be too stubborn to listen to Alfred's wise advice. This game excellently explores the relationship between Bruce and Alfred and the formation of many relationships between Batman and other characters in Gotham. The story of Origins is really a highlight of the game, it’s very well written and all the characters are done excellently. I would even argue it is either the best or second best story in the Arkham franchise so far.The gameplay is mostly the same from the past two games; there are a couple new features though. The game features a new gadget that launches cables to things than can be used to tightrope between certain places or can be used to throw objects at unsuspecting goons. The other one is both a fun addition but also a weakness in the game. The shock gloves are tons of fun and help out in fights, making Batman's punches do more damage. It helps too much though. Once activated the shock gloves do too much damage and are rather overpowered. They make quick work of anyone that isn’t a boss. They are fun though and if you play the game on its hardest difficulty you will be begging for those gloves to charge because the game is significantly harder on all difficulties than the previous games. Really though the gameplay is the same fun that it has always been.Origins, as I said earlier in my opinion is the least good game in the series. The game does many things well but there are a few things that it doesn't hit the nail on. The most notable is the city of Gotham in this particular game, while it is double the size of AC and features certain points on the map you can unlock as fast travel nodes it still takes a while to transverse the city. They really should have increased the glide speed to help get around faster. The city also feels like it lacks the distinct personalities of AA and AC. Feeling sort of like a space for Batman and the other characters to just live the story, rather than feeling like a city where people actually live and have things that occur outside of the games story. Rapture in Bioshock is the best example of a city in a video game that actually feels like a place where many people live(d) their lives and really had personality as an environment. Another odd point is that a couple of the assassins are just side quests in the game. Not a big deal, they aren't treated as minors that don't matter but it was surprising to see them as side quests rather than as part of the main story considering the game marketed the assassins as such a big deal. The level design in certain parts can be strange too, this only happens a handful of times but AA and AC had perfect level design so it becomes more noticeable when it happens in AO.Now, to address on of the bigger points of controversy with the game. Batman and Joker getting new voice actors. Now Mark Hamill who voiced Joker in AA and AC as well as many other classic DC animated projects said publicly that AC would be the last time he would voice the Joker. Therefore getting a new actor should not be taken so harshly, and they got the none other than Troy Baker to do it. Batman is more where the controversy comes from though. Kevin Conroy has been voicing Batman as long as Mark Hamill has been voicing the Joker. They started together on Batman the animated series and he has voiced Batman in countless DC projects including AA and AC and he has no gripes continuing playing Batman. So when it was announced that Roger Craig Smith would be voicing Batman many fans were puzzled. WB said it was to get a more novice sounding Batman to reflect his inexperience. Regardless I'm happy to say that both Troy Baker and Roger Craig Smith are excellent in their roles. In my opinion they give the second best performances in their respective roles behind Hamill and Conroy. They truly exceeded the expectations I had for their performances.The game should be noted for other things it does well. It has a great soundtrack, good graphics with great animations. The rest of the voice cast do great jobs. Its cinematics are great and of course the boss fights are well done and all feel distinctly different from each other. The side activities are varied and well done. The collectables are worth collecting. The game thankfully does most things right.Overall Arkham Origins is an 8/10. It’s a great game that’s lots of fun to play. It has a great story and is an awesome addition to the Arkham Universe. The Game also has two DLC's as well. The Initation DLC is a waste, not worth the money. It’s just a serious of challenges in challenge mode. Cold Cold Heart however is fantastic and definitely worth picking up and playing. It is awesome to play and really enhances the experience you get with this game. With its price having come down its worth picking up for sure, especially if you can get it on sale."
76561198030935818,Recommended,209000,25690680,"Posted: 25 September, 2016",all,EvgO,"Some people tend to bash on this game, since it's made by a different developer.I've played all arkham games and this is what I think regarding the criticisms:-there's no Conroy and Hammill, but the voice actors do a good and convincing job;- the pacing and storyline is *different* but it feels epic (and honestly it's probably my favorite story out of all arkham games);- the city is beautiful. The fact that it's empty is justified just as well as in the other games.Overall, I love this game. Don't listed to haters, give it a try."
,Recommended,209000,25650809,"Posted: 23 September, 2016",all,Jewseppe,"ignore the hate,it's another batman game with the same topnotch combat system,the story is a little weak compared to other arkham games."
,Recommended,209000,25635608,"Posted: 22 September, 2016",all,TheCaliph™,"The Third Installment And Prequel To Arkham City And Asylum Is Pretty Good Experience....However It is Pretty Short And If You Focus Only On Main Story You Wont Even Get To Fight Some Of The ""Assassins""Even Though Other Boss Fights Are Mediocre This Game Has The Single best Boss Fight In All Arkham Games...Against DeathstrokeThis Game Is Kind Of Better Than Arkham Asylum But Not As Good As Arkham City"
76561197969395575,Recommended,209000,25643321,"Posted: 22 September, 2016",all,Briareos,As good as the other Batman Asylum series overall lots of extras to find if your like me and want to build up your XP before the story mode. I find the fight mechanics in this is better and more responsive then the last 2 where if you end up mashing the counter doesn't work sometimes but in this version it's hard to miss counters.  Nice addition to the series will have to add a vehicle soon in the next one though.
76561198077719495,Recommended,209000,25820782,"Posted: 2 October, 2016",all,babydollpinup,"Same old song and dance with a few changes to keep players from getting bored. If you played the first two batman games (Arkham Asylum and Arkham City) you're familiar with the setting of this game and the gadiets batman uses to take down petty street criminals and bigger badder ones. I have played the first two games so to me the same setting was a bit of a let down but the creators obviously tried to remedy this by setting this game on December 24 and putting snow and Christmas lights everywhere. This helps a bit plus they have added some new areas and details to keep it interesting. There are also new villains, changed up the riddler's trophy system, and you get to see more Bruce Wayne and Alfred which I likea. Ultimately it's the same old song and dance but it's a good one and the creatoms have made an effort to keep things new and fresh for players."
76561198075050811,Not Recommended,209000,25827530,"Posted: 2 October, 2016",all,PeePeeStorm,worst of the batman series srry..... wut a♥♥♥♥♥♥show
76561198219326035,Recommended,209000,25894449,"Posted: 6 October, 2016",all,Agamer,THIS GAME IS AWESOME!!!!!!!!!!!! i recomed it to every batman fan out there!!!!!!!! PLAY THE GAME!!!!!!!!!!!!
,Recommended,209000,25832689,"Posted: 2 October, 2016",all,Tino,"A great game with a decent story. I think I like this one better than Arkham City, even though I still had fun with that one. And just like the other games, the combat is a lot of fun."
76561197972736368,Recommended,209000,7870424,"Posted: 1 December, 2013",all,gothfae,"While good enough, with a solid story, and dropped hints of a Suicide Squad game, it's little more than a reskin of Arkham City (Down to re-use of Talia's bodyguard's model). It starts out expecting a higher level of skill from the player (guns and knives appear much earlier), with less responsive controls. For fans of the series, and of the story, it's a pretty solid batman game. it just doesn't offer anything new (no major leaps as there was from Asylum to City)."
,Recommended,209000,7800984,"Posted: 27 November, 2013",all,Gawl,"Great game, just as good as the others with some improvements.  Wish they had Hamil back for the Joker though."
,Recommended,209000,7473952,"Posted: 25 October, 2013",all,SIRDAH,"7.5/10 Yeah Great Game !  New BATMAN !!!!Same wonderfull gameplay ! Multiplayer is cool...but i prefer the  Batman AC graphics than Batman AO...But if you have played BAA & BAC,you need to play this one !"
76561197977132847,Recommended,209000,7804249,"Posted: 28 November, 2013",all,spen25,"Fun game, great story."
76561198076814556,Recommended,209000,7848641,"Posted: 30 November, 2013",all,bartichak,10/10. Highly reccomend.
,Recommended,209000,7851225,"Posted: 30 November, 2013",all,Revo99,"Another great Batman game. While it may not be as original as the previous two games, it has more of the same awesome fighting mechanics and gameplay. If you're a fan of the first two Batman games then you will probably enjoy this one as well."
76561198001808856,Recommended,209000,7859942,"Posted: 1 December, 2013",all,mD3X,Gotham never gets old.  Love the mix of characters from the Batman Universe.  The combat system is fluid and works great with a controller.  Collectables are plenty.  Character leveling is constant and most gadgets are available from the start!  I waited a month to get this game and it seems the bugs have been ironed out.  Runs flawlessly with highest settings on my 4.2ghz Ivy Bridge with 16gb of ram and a GTX 770 @1080p.
,Recommended,209000,7861048,"Posted: 1 December, 2013",all,machinimaray,"Remember spoilers! Story wise, I liked origins. The deathstroke fight was pretty god damn awesome, but that's the only boss fight that was intriguing. I felt as if they were lazy with the other boss fights. The firefly boss fight was alright, but the cars were massively HUGE. Joker, seriously? I LOVE the Joker, the new voice actor for the Joker, absolutely beautiful, best replacement for Mark Hamil. I think they should not have put the joker in the story line till the next one, like the dark knight series. I liked the idea of black mask as the main villian, but they had to turn it around to the Joker? I mean yeah awesome, but still. The game was glitchy as hell, they half♥♥♥♥♥♥♥it, frame rate issues, areas can't get to, and cut scenes that happen WAY before they are supposed to and the game ♥♥♥♥s up. I know by now they patched it already, but come on, get the game without that many glitches. I had to restart the game twice, but i still finished my second run through luckily. When the game was announced and I heard Rocksteady was not going to develop it, I knew it would suck, but introducing Death Stroke and Black Mask and even Deadshot, I thought it was going to be a well worth game. To me it was not. WB Montreal should have not done this game at all, I think if WB gave the other Origins title to Rocksteady, they would make it a lot better, my opinion. Before I gave the game a 6/10. now with most of the glitches fixed, I give it a 8/10. I still recommend the game, but get it at a steam sale, it's not worth the full price. Entertaining game, but not a game to go back to. And that's why I will return to Arkham City, because that game is worth going back to and playing."
,Recommended,209000,7861456,"Posted: 1 December, 2013",all,Justboy,If you enjoyed Arkham City and want more of the same then this will keep you happy for ~30 hours. The only addition that I really liked were the detective sections where you have to solve a murder using some fancy new gadgets. Even these became a bit stale and repetitive after the 3rd time doing it though.
,Recommended,209000,7864502,"Posted: 1 December, 2013",all,V8 Ninety,As good as Arkham Asylum or Arkham City.... well no but I've still had a great time playing with a really nice main quest story line and an incredible amount of addtional side quest content to get your hands on if you wish. My main gripe about the game has to be the boss fights which just felt like a total lottery with regards to working out what was required to win. With the addition of MP (I've not played this at all) and the challange arenas which were available in the previous versions it is still worth apurchase but wait for steam sale and 30 - 50% discount £15 - £20 is a fair price for this game.
,Recommended,209000,7856945,"Posted: 30 November, 2013",all,Debooch,"Amazing game, but unfortunately, a day after not playing after the nvidia screen it says windows encountered a problem and it no longer works. Please fix this!"
,Recommended,209000,7971198,"Posted: 8 December, 2013",all,jstaat2169,"To simply put, this game has a great story line and core mechanics despite a few clunky hiccups in combat/mobility. Enjoy"
76561198064456115,Recommended,209000,7979408,"Posted: 8 December, 2013",all,Knucklehead,"brilliant game, awesome combat animations and has the right batman feel to it."
,Recommended,209000,7985460,"Posted: 9 December, 2013",all,Guywiththegun40,"Probably the weakest of the Arkham games and an inexcusable amount of bugs & crashes, but overall still a great game especially for anyone who loved the previous ones! The story is pretty good.  The only thing annoying is we're expected to believe Batman met several deeply important characters in the span of one night? Yeah ok. Still an awesome game and a worthy part of the franchise. Good enough to hold us over until the actual Arkham City sequel."
76561198079890854,Recommended,209000,7988721,"Posted: 9 December, 2013",all,OpticDuckling,Amazing game! its better than the ones before but i do miss kevin conroy as batman
,Recommended,209000,7741076,"Posted: 25 November, 2013",all,thatguymattb,"Not compared to the Arkham Citybut still a great, great game to play!"
76561198130781369,Recommended,209000,17560618,"Posted: 15 August, 2015",all,eliminate all thots,"Amazing graphics, great storyline, easy to learn, and fun to play."
76561198213349453,Recommended,209000,17801234,"Posted: 30 August, 2015",all,ElectricKangaroo,"Amazing, I had alot of fun playing this game. Plenty bosses and connects the origin to the other games. Only theres one problem, too many introductions to other villian in one night for ex. Joker, Mad hatter, Copperhead, Riddler"
,Recommended,209000,17786095,"Posted: 29 August, 2015",all,/FM/ Kriimson-iwnl-,one of my favofite games
,Recommended,209000,17420218,"Posted: 6 August, 2015",all,Porncorks    EWGAY,"Thethird game in the ""Arkham"" trilogy.long lost child of the ""Arkham"" series. The combat system is pretty simple. If you don't already know you have one button to ""strike"" and another to ""counter"" with the ability to mix various gadgets in your combos rather fluently. There are also stealth sections throughout the game though they are pretty bland and don't have very much depth in my opinion. You are offered various methods of taking people down in the stealth sections, but I don't see much reason to use them when a silent takedown is the simplest, most effective way of taking enemies down. One thing to note in this game is thatthere are significantly less stealth ""Predatdor"" sections than combat sections.The ratio is something like for every 4 combat encounters there is a 1 stealth encounter. Even that ratio feels a little too generous though. There are many, many more upgrades in this game and a system t hat rewards experience based on a grade it gives you during encounters. However, the stealth upgrades are not nearly as good as getting the combat upgrades, especially since there are more combat sections. Otherwise the game is prettier and has a much better""feel"" to it than its predecessors. The game is still enjoyable, but is tainted by an unwanted multiplayer and bad DLC. The Cold, Cold Heart DLC is fun, but the rest is just skins and challenge maps! I wanted to 100% this game like I did the other two, but multiplayer achievements and the fact that there is no ""Perfect Knight"" achievement makes me not want to at all. If you are choosing to either buy this game or one of the others, then buy one of the other two plays. Otherwise, it's still a fun game besides these things. and I would recommend getting it if you're a fan of the series."
76561198078243561,Not Recommended,209000,17435394,"Posted: 7 August, 2015",all,Shadow Moon,Just same as arkham city.
,Recommended,209000,17435766,"Posted: 7 August, 2015",all,Geddy76,"This game was actually very good.  I've tried playing both 1 and 2, but just never got into them.  This, on the other hand, was easier to get into.  Unfortunately, Windows 10 has since broken the game, and it now no longer starts.  I recommend it, only on Windows 7, at this moment."
,Recommended,209000,17401200,"Posted: 5 August, 2015",all,Bi Mask,"I just finish the main story and still have 80% background story, side-quests to do."
,Recommended,209000,8121578,"Posted: 19 December, 2013",all,Fox San,"This is really just more Arkham City with a different storyline. Recommended if you really liked AC, not recommended if you didn't or you were ""done"" with that kind of game after AC. And if you haven't played Arkham City, then what are you doing with your life?I enjoyed Arkham Origins, but it really did feel like more of the same, and I don't think any of the Riddler/Enigma challenges made good use of the new gadgets to make for good random puzzles.But you do get to interact with Alfred and hang out at the Batcave. So that's kind of cool.3 out of 5 foxes."
,Recommended,209000,8121845,"Posted: 19 December, 2013",all,·Rottweiler·,It's fairly good. Much like Arkham City. It can be pretty challenging even on easy mode.
,Recommended,209000,8122690,"Posted: 19 December, 2013",all,Uncle Fungus,si.
,Recommended,209000,8115157,"Posted: 19 December, 2013",all,DEES,Great Game!
76561197972344572,Recommended,209000,8237092,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,Ken,"Very similiar in gameplay to it's predecessors, Arkham Origins' greatest contribution to the franchise is the great story, brought to life by excellent voice acting.  Finishing the story is a lot of fun...going back and doing all the side quests gets a bit tedious at times.  Combat seems balanced overall, but the reliance on stringing together varieties of different attacks to get a high scrore seems unnecessary.  Wonderful job bringing the Batcave to life!"
,Recommended,209000,8239748,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,Ｍｅｌｏｎ　Ｓｏｄａ,"Arkham Origins is the third instalment of the Arkham universe for Batman and set as a prequel. Although it bears many similarities to the other games developped by Rocksteady, this particular title was done by splash damage, and bears some of the mannerisms of that studio.Although Origins is not by any means a bad game, many of the mechanics that are traditional to the arkham universe seem clumsily implemented; the freeflow combat system sees an enormous difficulty spike midway through the game and quickly devolves into repeated countering and gadget-spamming.The game punishes you for being agressive, and does not reward you for taking risks in any circumstance. Furthermore, the predator sequences poorly implement stealth, with enemies seeing through walls and grates. The greatest challenge in these moments though, is the terrain, as it always seems to work against you in some form.Although these flaws may seem harsh, they don't destroy the experience completely; Origins remains a solid addition to the Arkham universe and isn't unfun in any respect, but for a fully priced title the results feel slightly unpolished and a little underwhelming in general. For sale price though, you'll be spending a good 10-20 hours on the campaign, if you don't muck too long on the collectibles, which is something fairly surprising for a high fidelity AAA release."
,Recommended,209000,8240501,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,Tadpole,Great buy! My favorite Batman game yet.
,Recommended,209000,8255535,"Posted: 24 December, 2013",all,MonkeyMaNN,Proberly the best Batman game ever made! Indeed I love it!
76561198067795167,Recommended,209000,7520231,"Posted: 30 October, 2013",all,BitmapBrother,Another good effort by Warner. Some very annoying boss fights but if you love the Batman series then you should pick it up.
,Recommended,209000,8257413,"Posted: 24 December, 2013",all,Goalie Goose,Awesome game! It had alot of game breaking glitches but they randomly fixed themselves.
76561198006995469,Recommended,209000,8230646,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,Dr. Steve Brule,This game goes through the motions for the most part but if you've enjoyed the first two I doubt you wouldn't like this. The writing is fantastic and there is just something about Batman during Christmas that is so right.
,Recommended,209000,8233049,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,The Supes,"Probably the best Batman Arkham game out of the three. Combat is smoove and story is incredible. The voice actor for joker in this actually did a pretty decent job. I could play this game forever. Definently in my top 3 games. Multiplayer, I've only played for a bit but it seems fun enough when you get to play as Batman or Robin. Plays like gears of war kinda. Still fun tho."
,Recommended,209000,8216951,"Posted: 22 December, 2013",all,GM Pax,"Very good game, IMO.  Sure, sure, there are a few persistent bugs, and a couple are game-ending.  And some of the boss fights - especially against Deathstroke - are annoyingly hard.  But in between all of that, is some solid ""I feel like the frellin' BATMAN!"" gameplay."
,Recommended,209000,8219692,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,SolidKobra,Although storyline and and game play feel a bit boring. Their is still no better feeling than playing batman running around and fuildly kicking♥♥♥♥♥
,Recommended,209000,8207691,"Posted: 22 December, 2013",all,so many cats | Ghost Town,"I love the Arkham series of games (Asylym, City, and now Origins), but this is easily my favourite of the bunch. While I found I wasn't a huge fan of the story for Arkham City, I loved Origins' story from beginning to end, particularly in regards to a certain character (whose name I won't mention due to spoilers). Admittedly, there's not a lot changed since Arkham City, it's essentially the exact same game (at least in regards to gameplay and mechanics) with a different story, but that story makes it so worth it.My one complaint is it needs more Deathstroke. They advertised him a lot, or so I saw, and he was a BIG selling point for me since I'm a huge Deathstroke fan, but much like Catwoman in Arkham City, he's barely in the game. I really wish there was a lot more of him, both in the story and in the challenge missions. But that hardly ruins the game, it's just a minor complaint."
,Recommended,209000,27575246,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,PłonącaSkarpeta,"Batman is a BADMAN, don't start with him :)"
,Recommended,209000,27411543,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,『D』,Batman!
,Recommended,209000,27411555,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Allstar Sabbir,Wow.wroth money in the sale
,Recommended,209000,24416135,"Posted: 19 July, 2016",all,Nikolai,Great game you know
76561198066408623,Recommended,209000,27458675,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Afvegaleiðir,this was actually the best batman game for me
,Recommended,209000,27438079,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,HankS,I Hope these game will won the award !
76561197973816013,Recommended,209000,27391699,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Will Smith,"Very good game with an immersive and compelling storyline. Seamless combat system identical to other Arkham games, and overall gameplay experience very similar to other games in the series. Also includes new detective mode gameplay element that allows Batman to relive a crime in his environment. WB Games did well with this one, and captured the Christmas spirit nicely."
,Recommended,209000,27587877,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,♠♣Don Quixote♦♥,I am vengeance! I am the night! I am Batman!
,Recommended,209000,27592029,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,dr_nailz,You get to be Batman. The combat is good. There is lots to do. Get it.
76561198041678163,Recommended,209000,27564049,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Elflord,best batman game hands down
,Recommended,209000,27567800,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,skinnypig647,"Very cool game and a huge step from Arkham City with graphics. Easy way to kill time, as this game gets you to sit at the edge of your seat. Definitely will reccommend."
76561197987599318,Recommended,209000,27608821,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Ciccio e Tatino,"A Masterpiece imho into the crowded action games scene: great graphics, sound, atmosphere, gameplay, characters, story, variety: absolutely a must have, not only for Batman's fans."
76561198194613028,Recommended,209000,27633296,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,hpristach,"One of the best batmans that i have played.Good graphics, going without bugs and things like that, long and scary story."
76561198014567279,Recommended,209000,28171859,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,govindappumenon,"Must own if discountedIf you've played Arkham Asylum or City and you find this game discounted then just buy it.What's funThe martial artist enemy makes combat a lot more interesting.Detective puzzles are more involved - Akrham Knight basically rips them ofStory's ok - nothing like City but it gives a good picture of the Bat starting outWhat's not funThe fast travel option takes away a lot of the fun of gliding around.The side missions are ok though a bit repetitiveThe challenges are confusing split between different tracks (Vigilante, Detective etc)The upgrade system is also confusing - split between many screensBottom Line : This game is engaging enough that you'll probably finish it over a weekend."
,Recommended,209000,28179517,"Posted: 4 December, 2016",all,Yukirin,"It's OK, I guess. Actually it's hard to play if you don't watch walktrough at all.Story is OK. Gameplay is a bit difficult. The most difficult part is guessing what should you do with the mission, like, where can I find X, or where can I exit from this place, or where is the entry door of this building."
,Recommended,209000,28239767,"Posted: 7 December, 2016",all,Jason todd ( Robin ),I do like this game but its just weird because rocksteady did not make this but this game is good because you can go to blackgate from the start of the game but every baddie is differnt but all im saying is the game is way differnt then to all the other batman games
,Recommended,209000,13518445,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,amithralad,i drew a♥♥♥♥♥♥♥in the snow with my footsteps10/10 great game
76561198258276971,Recommended,209000,28083017,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,RW0,"It's honestly like they just put random♥♥♥♥♥♥everywhere, half of which you can't grapple off of.All of the magic Rocksteady weaved into this series is underutilized, misused, or just gone.  I truly can't understand how there are so many buildings you can't grapple over.  There are so many poorly designed areas of the city and the overall game flow is very linear.I can't tell if I don't like this game because of the other three or if it's just not good.  I really shouldn't recommend, but if you haven't played any Arkham games, you'll probably think this game is awesome, so I'm giving it a thumbs up.So broken though."
76561198070458981,Recommended,209000,7825262,"Posted: 29 November, 2013",all,Crimson225,Fantastic that is all I have too say
,Recommended,209000,8045830,"Posted: 14 December, 2013",all,noson,"This game is a great prequel to a great sequel to a great game. Overall, great. :)"
76561198048544522,Recommended,209000,8137211,"Posted: 20 December, 2013",all,amebaj,"not better than the arkham city, but OK for Batman fans."
76561197967390710,Recommended,209000,8139719,"Posted: 20 December, 2013",all,Gaming Feet,Feels like an arkam city DLC
,Recommended,209000,28023575,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Lemon toad,fun to play. alway good to be batman
,Recommended,209000,28024066,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Teo Mesmo,"It's impossible to play the Arkham Series without feeling a split desire of who should prevail in the game: you character B-Man, or the Joker. Just 'cuz he's so weirdly charismatic. But from all the games in the series, the one you really get to see that you have good reason to is the origins one. In it, the fact that the old good vs evil thing played by the two is no quest where good guy beats bad guy. And it's the Joker who shows it in a passionate and emotioning way. Big fan of all Arkham series, I gotta give the favor to the story in this one for it's most existential exploration."
,Recommended,209000,28021886,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Tory Scout,Awesome
,Recommended,209000,28028555,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Grandiose,gg
76561198035124305,Recommended,209000,28368646,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,Mavrik,"LOVE THIS GAME!Took me two years to get around to playing it, but I'm glad I finally made the time. I'm a big fan of the other Arkham games, but this game has cemented the series as one of my favorite of all time.If you have enjoyed any of the other Arkham games, this is a must play.It has the great combat and fluid controls of the other entries.It has great aesthetic, and tone.It has spectacular cut scenes.And it has a FANTASTIC story. One of the better Batman stories in any of the Arkham games in fact.It doesn’t do anything ground breaking or new from Arkham City, but that didn’t bother me. Also you get a weapon upgrade about 2/3 through the game that makes you a bit OP, but I play these games to feel like a badass so that didn’t bother me either.Great game, and as it’s set on Christmas eve it’s especially fun to play over the Christmas holidays."
76561198218063864,Recommended,209000,28448911,"Posted: 18 December, 2016",all,Right-Wing Extremist,-Gets Batman: Arkham Origins-Plays it for 9 hours straight-Goes to bed 5 AM and wakes up 3 PM10/10 would f**k up sleeping pattern again
76561198331516254,Recommended,209000,28441587,"Posted: 17 December, 2016",all,JoeyGAMER,Awesome games ! Is in my opinion a must have Batman game for all Batman fans because great story and gameplay !
76561198011668366,Not Recommended,209000,28411901,"Posted: 16 December, 2016",all,jamesmerrigan,"I play games to have fun, pass a few hours here and there. Not spend hours on one the most boring, frustrating and tedious boss fights early in the game - deathstroke or something like that. After about 3 hours i've had enough, life is too short. Screw you makers of this game."
76561198044522566,Recommended,209000,28395052,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,KaizokuNinja,This game took some heavy hits in it's early reviews and many of those were justified but overall this is a solid game.Technically it performs well. I have no problems running it on the highest settings or on my laptop with the lowest settings.  It actually runs better on my laptop than it's predecessor did and that is commendable.  There are a few notable graphis glitches but nothing that makes it unplayable.The story was actually very good.  It was a nice change of pace compared to the other Arkham games.  The DLC story featuring Mr. Freeze was actually the highlight of the entire series for me.  I missed some of the notable voice talent and the animations and environment interactions were notably lower in quality but did not ruin the experience.Play wise they had some fun new combat skills and some new gadgets but it did not feel out of place.  The fight dynamics suffered a little on the visuals over it's predecessors but only minimally.  The boss fights were actually some of the funnest in the series...even better than any of it's predecessors AND successors.  The online aspect was solid if limited.  Due to the age of the game and declining interest it is currently pretty hard to get a team together for some of the missions.  If you can though it makes for a fantastic multiplayer diversion from the main game.I think it is a definite buy if you like the series and a must if you find it on sale.
76561198089262135,Recommended,209000,28132539,"Posted: 1 December, 2016",all,Grillsen,Great batman arkham game. I definitely recomend it
,Recommended,209000,28104654,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,Nerby,"Completed the story, great game with awesome storyline, without me reading comics related to batman, I can still know what the story is about, especially having this game before the events of arkham asylum, really great game and with more action packed. 10/10!"
,Recommended,209000,27494309,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Jävla Döda Mig,"Possibly one of my favourite Batman games I've played to date, looks beaitful, extremly fun and has a story line which is simply gripping"
76561198000094635,Not Recommended,209000,8403286,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,Psyko,"Batman Arkham origins is a MOD of Batman arkham city, made by a startup group (Warner Bros games)  to raise Hype before Rocksteady (the original Devs) make their next Arkham game. It is not worth buying, and it is not made by Rocksteady. It is practically bootleg."
76561197990742421,Not Recommended,209000,8403857,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,Hardware,"Horrible ""We have a license and we have to write this stuff in"" scenario, very timid presence of Deathstroke over all, dialogues that don't stand up to scrutiny (Thugs say ""Unhand me"" and ""Immediately above us"" instead of ""Let me go"" or ""Right above"" for example) and so many bugs, I can't even give Joker his trashing and finish the game. Shipped too soon, just out to make a buck, avoid this if you cant."
76561198169636590,Recommended,209000,28675636,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,Gabriel,Best game ever!
76561198066582720,Recommended,209000,28677353,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,ItzzDanny,Amazing game runs well on full settings graphics are really good best one out of the series
,Recommended,209000,28696453,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,DeanAmbrose17,Epic
,Recommended,209000,28696597,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,Himehimine,"Many say that Origins is the low point in the Arkham series, and while it seems like an expansion of City it's still excels at showcasing the villains of D.C."
,Recommended,209000,28555132,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,✪ DumbeyDumber,Boss Fight is the cool one
,Not Recommended,209000,29305419,Posted: 16 January,all,Waffen,"While it might not be a bad game at its core, it's not a game I would recommend. Hence I've clicked the ""No, I would not recommend this game"" button.It's really just more of the same old from previous Batman games, just not as good or polished.The action feels sluggish and the controls are not as tight or responsive as in previous titles. Paired with things like spoken audio cutting out suddenly or overlapping with other audio (Batman's inner dialogue being drowned out by a civilian NPC for example), Batman almost teleporting around in fights due to immediate and rough transitions between hits and finishers and a frankly pretty dull story, you end up with a heap of small annoyances which gives it a strangely cheap and rushed feel.If you're a huge Batman fan and absolutely want more, then I suppose all that can be overlooked."
76561198091612900,Recommended,209000,29289106,Posted: 15 January,all,Acelarator,"This game will suck your life dry. I played for a few hours, and then boom I was suddenly drawn in and I played over 500 before I knew it. I just had to do the riddler quests.... over... and over... and over. Beware for I am the night."
,Recommended,209000,29294051,Posted: 16 January,all,iThear . | kickback.com,I have a bug at fight againts Joker at window(that final boss)...don`t give me option to block and i die all the time....can`t counter.....help me any1 pls .....is a bug or i don`t know ....Ty ..
,Recommended,209000,29294308,Posted: 16 January,all,I Am Jack,"it was a different feel from the other arkham games, it emphasized on combat system a lot soooo7.9/10"
76561198317594039,Recommended,209000,29318733,Posted: 17 January,all,littlestpete,It a great game I love it but Every time I try to go to the batcave it just shows the screen with batman in the batjet and It will do that for hours. Can someone please help me with that.
,Recommended,209000,29311200,Posted: 16 January,all,Caezarr,NANANANANANANANANANANANANANANANAN BATMAN !!!!
76561198068724539,Recommended,209000,29514082,Posted: 26 January,all,fixy_b,"I think I have a major bat-bias. Yes I love Batman. Arkham Origins is still, to this day, my favorite Arkham game. As great as Asylum and City are, for some reason the narrative just didn't scratch that ""Batman story"" itch. Asylum is great, until the ending. City is without a doubt a modern masterpiece, but I feel this strange lack of urgency to the main quest. Origins is the only one that I don't have those story issues with surprisingly. If you want a standalone Batman story that feels engaging and satisfying, with the awesome combat of Arkham, then you can't go wrong."
76561197962044062,Recommended,209000,29266043,Posted: 14 January,all,JayWard,"I'm unsure why this game got such a bad reputation. I personally really enjoyed it. This is the first time The Joker and Batman meet in the series and it's written really well. I thought they handled it perfect; seeing how The Jokers obsession with Batman started is really cool. I find the Christmas Eve setting really cool too - the snow fall, the Christmas decorations, and the music really help immerse you in snow-covered Gotham. I was surprised at the size of the map - the North part is exactly what was featured in Arkham City but before Hugo Strange turned it into a prison. So it's really cool to see buildings and structures you know from Arkham City but set earlier in the series. I believe Catwoman's apartment has claw marks or something. There is also a south side which is equal in size to the northern Arkham City part. So it's essentially 2x the size of Arkham City, plus a really long bridge in between. It can be tedius getting around but there is fast travel. You also get the Grapnel Accelerator like you had in Arkham City only you don't have to complete any AR Drills in order to get it.If you avoided this game upon it's release because of the negative reviews, the different voice actors, the different studio that made it, etc. I assure you those things were made to be a big deal when they aren't. It's not like it uses different assets or something - it still feels like an Arkham game. If you haven't played it, you really owe it to yourself to check it out. Especially considering how dirt cheap it is when a sale comes around, which is several times a year for this game."
,Recommended,209000,28745448,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,Jub Dub,"Michael Gough is still♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥at me over that chicken I killed in Rivervood.Good, but Arkham City is better."
,Recommended,209000,28758121,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,Matthew Or.,nice to play have fun
76561198119434129,Recommended,209000,22421924,"Posted: 14 April, 2016",all,sammatron,"the game was good but it copied arkham city in alot of things. the start of the game is boring in my opinion. multiplayer is great it laggs and you drop out a bit though. side missions are also boring, the only mission that is worth playing is the story. cool you get to go into the batcave. fast travel is helpful but it is a bit annoying having to activate them yourself.some boss battles are awsome but others not really. crime scene missions are great. cold cold heart dlc is also good.8/10 i didnt get the full arkham experiance i expected but that doesnt mean its bad i just still recommend iit."
,Recommended,209000,28932362,Posted: 2 January,all,Vicarious Night,"Where to begin...I found this game enjoyable. I was extremely hesitant to play at first because of all of the negative reviews when the game first launched. I previously watched all the cuteness on YouTube knowing beforehand that I was probably never going to play this game. As it is, I caved in and finally purchased it. I wanted to round out my Batman game experience.I love this story for this game. What a great introduction to villains already established in peoples’ minds. Prior to this game the only mention of Black Mask I remember, is his escape in Arkham City, but you never see him. So, this was refreshing to have a villain other than the main rogues’ gallery at the fore front.As for Kevin Conroy and Mark Hamill not reprising their roles for this games, I’m glad. This is a young batman and Joker. Batman has only been donning the mask for two years now.  So, I would not expect him to have the wise hardened voice that we’ve all come to love. This Batman is very brash and emotional. Even though he tries his best to keep his composure, his true feeling something leak out. It happens to the best of us.  This is a man trying to ascend regular human flaws and I believe that they showed that transition in this game beautifully.As for the Joker, well that’s just a whole bag a crazy. Since this is Jokers first time encountering that batman, he’s honestly treating him like anyone else who would get in his way. Try as he might though he can’t seem to end Batman’s life. Joker becomes quite unnerved when he actually starts to realize, that this man dressed as a Bat can actually challenge him.Okay, that’s all I’ll say without giving to much away.This game is not perfect, though. There are many continuity errors, that quite frankly were down right annoying. I’m glad the city was kept the same… mostly. I do not like however that a lot of elements were changed, so that it fit in with the vision of the creator. In my opinion if you are taking over an ongoing story there are key elements that you are forbid from changing.This game is optimized for Nvidia through and through. If you have an AMD card like me, then I suggest you turn down the graphics. That means not DX11 settings, no PhysX and definitely no high particle textures. Other than those obstacles, the game ran pretty smooth for me.There are a couple of glitches in the game that are out of your control. Such as when you are fighting Killer Croc, is he hits the fence on the back of the building, he will start to flicker and the sound cut off. A lot of the cut scenes are glitchy and low res.These are the only problems I’ve run into; however, some others have had it worse.I am not a fan of the extra content in the game. Unless it has to do with the characters of the main story universe this I am uninterested. As far as I’m concerned, I have beaten this game %100. Every crime mission, every assassin, even Riddler. My problem is that while I’m glad I have new skins to play with now, what’s the point? I don’t want to run around the city fighting random NPCs, with no purpose just so I can look at the new52 armor in action.All in all, I say if you’ve never played the Arkham series, this is a good place to start."
,Not Recommended,209000,28935436,Posted: 2 January,all,Sir Lancelot,"I didn't have very high expectations coming into Origins, knowing full well the state the game released in with corrupt save files. Unfortunately it just doesn't live up to the hype of the previous two AA titles in the series.3/5 - Buy it on sale if you have spare change, but don't stress about missing it."
,Not Recommended,209000,28914775,Posted: 1 January,all,NightCat,"Game breaking bug no. ♥♥♥♥ knows what: just as I was about to enter the Firefly fight, grapple shot me off the bridge and then would not connect anymore. Nothing else seems to work. What the ♥♥♥♥. Thankfully it was cheap as hell so I'm not too upset. But don't get it unless it's on sale and if your patience and love for this character is enough to withstand the absolutely horrifying mechanics that seem to get off by crumbling to pieces."
76561198287040389,Recommended,209000,28823449,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,Capa,Its fun but when I got more into the game it started to get time consuming and boring.Great game for the price but just gets a bit boring...
76561198026747163,Recommended,209000,29182943,Posted: 11 January,all,Vold,"Personally i really liked this game as it's title states. To tell the origins of certain charactersIt may not be groundbreaking in gameplay or much additional features but i got what i came for and that is to see how the Batman meets people like Black Mask, Killercroc, Bane and especially the Joker which i might add IMHO is wonderfully done.The new detective feature is my fav in the franchise on how we solve mysteries from side cases to major crimes.It adds a lot to my timeline playthrough on my channel even the lack of dialogue training with the league of Assassins.Which i believe is lacking in any Arkham DLCshttps://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLCF9E0Sg9_lcFyyU6VTfak-VW9al4sYUlLike the boss fights too,  :)"
76561198113639335,Recommended,209000,28778290,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,Morty c138A,"This game is nice 8.5/10The combat system is really slow for me but the story is wise, compare to Arkham city and Arkham Knight is very fast pace  combat. I know this prequel about Batman's first job in gotham."
76561198131165110,Recommended,209000,9916975,"Posted: 24 April, 2014",all,Consuela,"This game is awesome, thats all i have to say. :)"
,Recommended,209000,29004662,Posted: 4 January,all,ThePantCoat,"What a ♥♥♥♥ing great game. Oh my GAWWDD. O.M.GAWESOME storyline and the flashabacks especially the one towards the end related to the Joker was just mesmerising.....seeing one of ""The Killing Joke"" comic's sequence play out sooo well was BEAUUUTIFULLL to say the least. Awesome boss fights. 10 THUMBS UP from me.FINAL RATING:*CRIMINALLY UNDERRATED GAME*/10"
76561198311189941,Recommended,209000,29028628,Posted: 5 January,all,PRG,it is a really good game and i like it so much because the story is amazing and the game can be played online !!
,Recommended,209000,29000349,Posted: 4 January,all,Aviccena,Add some update pls... More story...
,Recommended,209000,28773649,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,Kalcium,"Went into Arkham Origins pretty much oblivious to the Arkham series and not too expectant of a Batman game. Which is exactly why I enjoyed it so much. I feel the way the handled the Joker and other villains in this game are the best they could have done with the legacy behind them set by Asylum and City.The story was engaging and the cutscenes were amazingly done. This game is on par with City in my opinion, if you enjoyed City in the slightest and aren't a Batman snob like me, you will love this game."
76561198039472647,Recommended,209000,28775730,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,PlayerPontes,Worth it.
,Recommended,209000,28747781,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,n3eL,best.
76561198097630491,Recommended,209000,29996896,Posted: 17 February,all,nextbestthing,"I understand that a lot of people have experienced technical problems with this game. I for one did not. There were a few crashes in the time that I played it, but nothing that I couldn't deal with for what was ultimately an excellent game that I had a good time playing. Note that if you played any of the other games in the Arkham series, that the combat does feel just slightly different in this one... the timing is just off. Get it, especially when it's on sale, and enjoy."
,Recommended,209000,31044206,Posted: 9 April,all,A-Nukem,"A solid entry in the Arkham series - basically a ""mission pack sequel"" to Arkham City but with its own charm, lots of content and a nice enough story with some cool Year One elements.Much harder that AC, though."
,Recommended,209000,29635670,Posted: 1 February,all,Warm(ish),"Well, after toying with the game for a few minutes I got it to run as smoothly as Arkham City. While not my first choice for the Arkham Series it does boast some baller graphics, more interesting characters than the other games and  some solid voice acting performances. The new batman is young, brash, and bold- we can still see the emotional damage left by his parents death. In my opinion, the story is better than that of Arkham City and while I did purchase City before this one, I would take this over Asylum any day.While this game catches a lot of flack for being a repetition to the others one, I honestly enjoyed  the first hour of this game more than all of Arkham City. If your looking for a second Arkham game to add to your collection, Origins is a pretty solid choice.8/10"
,Recommended,209000,8125648,"Posted: 19 December, 2013",all,robot5k,yekshkshth
,Recommended,209000,29464031,Posted: 24 January,all,NАANI?,R.I.P multi-player mode. You will be missed.The single player campaign is still alright tho.
76561198128537902,Recommended,209000,29467467,Posted: 24 January,all,Nick_Gaulin,The graphics are as great as the storyline and the gameplay itself. Thumbs Up!!!
76561198353817412,Recommended,209000,29468118,Posted: 24 January,all,DevD,Best Batman Game Ever...:)
76561197973763460,Not Recommended,209000,29320230,Posted: 17 January,all,squelch41,"If you like the other batman games, you'll probably like this.Not quite as good as others in the series but entertaining enough most of the time.Lots of glitches though - had to play lots of quite time consuming over again as a final enemy would get stuck in a wall or other inaccessible place.Worth buying if game well discoutned in a steam sale, not worth full price"
,Recommended,209000,29459498,Posted: 24 January,all,AGA,Because I'm Batman4/5
76561198005076259,Recommended,209000,29578231,Posted: 29 January,all,Psychosocial.,Despite what people say about Arkham Origins this game is a really pleasent experience if you enjoyed the Arkham series so far.It just so happens that it came after Arkham City therefore it let many fans down since Arkham City is the best game that game out of these series.But still I'd recommend this game to any batman fan and any gamer looking to spent some time gather Nigmas Data
,Recommended,209000,29296256,Posted: 16 January,all,Rich Kristofer,"""I'm Batman, i can't jump""8/10"
76561197999946008,Not Recommended,209000,32553513,Posted: 18 June,all,G0rd0,"If you have played arkham city, don't bother with this game. Exactly the same, except all the progression is based around getting harder to kill and getting more health - NOT the fun growth of stealth tactics. Also, a buggy mess that would feels lazy and rushed. Not even worth the 5 bucks I spent on it."
76561197995443107,Recommended,209000,7549853,"Posted: 2 November, 2013",all,Vape Naysh,Had bugs upon release but WB have promised to fix them during the first week of November (2013). Much tighter than Arkham City which makes it better for people like me however the original voice actors have left which is a shame. It's also not strictly linked to the Arkham uiniverse. It's more like a Black Ops to Modern Warfare or Bad Company to Battlefiled.
76561198293620753,Recommended,209000,32944648,Posted: 28 June,all,Edelious,Pretty Decent. Not as good as Arkham city or Knight but still enjoyable.
76561198283730033,Recommended,209000,32940227,Posted: 28 June,all,Destroyerx49,"This game has great portrayals of the befor arkham city look of, love the way the bridges are still there"
,Recommended,209000,32958497,Posted: 28 June,all,ØniKanji,"Pretty good game, worth it on sale. It's nice that it shows the events before the other games and probably has the best boss fight in any batman game ever."
76561197996620027,Recommended,209000,32956058,Posted: 28 June,all,smellydirt,A good batman game.
76561198315597795,Recommended,209000,32978560,Posted: 29 June,all,batman,its ok but the city is very quite.... but i love batman pls keep making more.for batman fan arkham asylum is the best start this is a pretty mixed game but i can live with it
,Recommended,209000,32961682,Posted: 28 June,all,LERYX,Good
76561198111181965,Recommended,209000,32931234,Posted: 28 June,all,•Crazy Diamond•,good
,Recommended,209000,15530809,"Posted: 25 April, 2015",all,ZARK°CSGOFade.Net Hellcase.com,Got Shot 10 Times still No Blood...10/10 IGNGame of The 2013
,Recommended,209000,32932427,Posted: 28 June,all,Glitch,"Great game, with very hard sections but ♥♥♥♥ing rewarding once you get through it, completely underated"
,Recommended,209000,28738135,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,=[AKMF]= BigBoiii Farmskins.com,"Although I'm already a huge Batman fan, and admittedly fell in love with this game instantly. I think I'm going to wait a while before reviewing it due to my PC being a bag of… not the greatest machine."
,Recommended,209000,29044282,Posted: 5 January,all,AwkNan,"One of the best Batman Arkham franchise , really recomended! The grapich , combat and story are so awesome :)"
76561198170921007,Recommended,209000,28958259,Posted: 2 January,all,ObsidianWolf,love it
,Recommended,209000,28947763,Posted: 2 January,all,VlkStínu,"Eventhough the most controversial of the Arkham series, Arkham Origins is still very entertaining and certainly a must play for a Batman fan. I loved high difficulty boss fights that shamefully do not appear in newest Arkham Knight and the ""new"" Joker was awesomelly pictured and voice-overed by great Troy Baker. I truely enjoyed seeing the very beginning of a strange relationship between Batman and Joker and their mutual encounters were epic and awesome. Don't be turned off by the negative reviews - this game is awesome! Not as awesome as Arkham City or Arkham Knight, yes, but still pretty damn amazing."
,Recommended,209000,28847690,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,🎮 MichaelSoft Door 98,Exact copy of Arkham City BUT it is still enjoyable.
,Recommended,209000,32471943,Posted: 16 June,all,unknown,I LOVE THIS GAME
,Recommended,209000,32550686,Posted: 18 June,all,Kr!XxXUSs.gG^,good
76561198127401185,Recommended,209000,32552158,Posted: 18 June,all,Sharknado34,Not a perfect game but doesn't dissapoint
,Recommended,209000,32162827,Posted: 3 June,all,scary clown man!,http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=854933604They knew about ace detective Manny Pardo 2 years before Hotline Miami 2oh yeah and the rest of the game is pretty alright I guess
76561198039483519,Recommended,209000,32171684,Posted: 4 June,all,"GO BEYOND, PLUS ULTRA!","Definitely weaker that the previous games, but VERY fun nonetheless. An enjoyable experience overall."
,Recommended,209000,32222965,Posted: 6 June,all,Krys,love the game great story and side missions.Would recommend to start of the batman series.Great single player game.would recommend and give a solid 7or8/10
76561198068303086,Recommended,209000,32213600,Posted: 5 June,all,lenin,good game
76561198080916144,Recommended,209000,32223425,Posted: 6 June,all,Super Mario,I AM THE NIGHT !
,Not Recommended,209000,32157872,Posted: 3 June,all,Not Game Pub,"Worst of the parts, only the Joker came out good"
,Recommended,209000,32186588,Posted: 4 June,all,Dank Bouls,"Arkham Origins is a good game, but unfortunately doesn't compare to the first two. This specific entry was made by WB's Montreal team, and even though the gameplay is still solid, and going back to Batman's early days is a great idea, the story eventually falls apart. These games have always had a strong narrrative to hold them together, and managed to tie enemies into the plot with purposeness and exciting battles. Origins immediately finds an excuse to bring a whole handful of villains working together as one, except they never do. What starts off as a really intriguing premise quickly becomes an excuse to wheel out the next boss fight after X amount of playtime. Worse, they undermine their own premise with an unnecessary twist that felt completely out of place, and is slowly fed to you in such a pompous manner that it feels like you're watching a train wreck in slow motion. It really made me sad, because the game is otherwise well-made, and it's only fault is that it plays out too much like a fanfiction rather than an epic Bamtan comic.Despite my critique, I think it's a good game all-around, and would only recommend you stay away if you absolutely cannot stand predictable storylines. Otherwise, check it out and have fun trying to get that Point-Counterpoint achievement in the Deathstroke fight, seriously."
76561198073155743,Recommended,209000,32233335,Posted: 6 June,all,DARKRIPPER120,I like this game but for some reason some of my graphical options dissappered making me enjoy the game less if anyone has the same issue tell me
76561198262070616,Recommended,209000,32237209,Posted: 7 June,all,Sph1nx,9/10 very awesome game.
,Recommended,209000,12140927,"Posted: 18 September, 2014",all,Saintxyz,rich story === bigger map
,Recommended,209000,29833461,Posted: 10 February,all,webbkinz,"Very enjoyable game. I was worried when I heard that it wasn't the same developer from the other Arkham games, but I was thoroughly entertained. It's not Arkham Knight-level fun, but it kept me entertained for 20 hours and only cost me 5 bucks. Good return on investment!The Deathstroke fight was tedious and poorly designed though. Push through it, the rest of the game is fun."
,Recommended,209000,10168033,"Posted: 19 May, 2014",all,Hachi-Roku,"Absolutely a brilliant game. Awesome gameplay, story and a truckload of collectables to keep you interested. Nice to see the origins of the characters before they became villians or heroes and any time the Joker is on screen its all I could do to stop fanboying. Definitely would recommend"
76561197987307911,Recommended,209000,30150544,Posted: 24 February,all,Neutral Unit,"I can't say this is the best game in the series. Different studio, different view on the content. Some drawbacks, some positive moves. But in generally, this is a great game and quite a good story development. In Asylim and City Bat was quite soleless. True cold-cold heart. Here he has more motives inside. Guess it's due to Alfred and other characters been more on the scene. And vilains - they are now trully charasmatic.So I would say - definite buy and try if you still haven't done it. I can't imagine I waited four years to complete the game.Pros- story is good. For both? main game and DLC. The only thing I don't get - why Deathstroke and Electroexecutioner has so little role in the play.- Stealth became more interesting.- Crime scenes is a great idea and no ""grinding"" (apart from combat crimes)- Characters are quite vivid and well drawn. Voices, music, everything makes you feel Gotham- Performance. The game is a great breakthrough, running smooth on my lower than average laptop. Had issues with previous games a lot.- new gadgets. But unfortunately, not all of them are good.- Training, chalengesCons- level of details. Buildings are lacking textures- no optimisation to quick items and special combos. It is still hard not to miss the right bottom. And quick explosives still doesn't work as I would need it.- glitches in takedowns. It is quite a trick to perform takedown during the smoke in main game.- evade in combat. Some promts doesn't work from time to time, especially evade.- most of gadgets are still useless during the game. Miss shockgun a lot, multibatarang doesn't help a lot. Add g;itches in restoring usage points for smoke grenade and disruptor. And concusion - it is just a thing you won't use for the whole game"
,Recommended,209000,25355616,"Posted: 4 September, 2016",all,Element,"This game takes place before the other Arkham games and it's been two years since the Batman has existed. When this game released, it was unplayable, a lot like the release of Arkham Knight. It was poorly optimized and didn't work for a while. I didn't bother playing it for a while but when I did get to it yesterday, I ended up playing it for several hours and thoroughly enjoyed it.The graphics style is very different then the others, and while I do like the feel of Arkham City, the artstyle of Origins is simply much better, especially Batman's suit. The combat is pretty much the same as the other games, although the boss battles feel more pleasing. The Batcave is a bigger deal than it is in Asylum and it look way cooler.I don't really care about how he has gadgets he hasn't gotten yet or whatever fans are saying. It's a great game with better boss battles and artwork. So, despite the terrible optimization for the PC release at first, this game is great now and I've enjoyed the time I've had playing it."
76561198045758384,Recommended,209000,30183968,Posted: 25 February,all,Ardis,"As of this writing I have only played through Asylum and Origins, so I'll caveat that right up front. I think Origins is certainly worth your time. This game has some very memorable boss fights, a great story taking place on Christmas Eve, fantastic cutscenes, and an amazing environment oozing with detail that really captures the feel of Gotham city. Walking around I couldn't help but be reminded of the Keaton/Burton/Nicholson classic I watched so often as a kid. Anyway, I have heard that Origins is the worst of all the Arkham games, but I certainly think it is just as good as Asylum (again I can't speak for City/Knight) and if this is the worst of the bunch then the other games must be damn good indeed and I can't wait to play them. As far as complaints go there are some very minor bugs that I experienced, nothing that distracted much from the gameplay though. The city, while very detailed, does feel kind of empty at times. You rarely run into people on the streets, and typically that will only happen if there is a story event or side quest going on. There is a TON of side quests and collectable stuff for you to do if you are into that sort of thing, I finished the main story in around 15 hours and enjoyed every minute of it. Again, highly recommend if you appreciate some good writing and are looking for a game that makes you feel like the hulking badass Batman is!"
,Recommended,209000,30184165,Posted: 25 February,all,loudmog,"This was my introduction to the Batman games. That may surprise some people, but I think if you're like me and considering this route, you're probably scrolling through reviews now, wondering what I thought.Without giving too much away, this game was a wonderful experience. There was exploration, collecting, power ups, story, lots of lore-- everything you could want. It's also a prequel to the other games and that, for me, was a plus.Did it matter to me that it wasn't the original series developer making it? No, I hadn't played the other games. Did I love it? Yes. Will I play more in the series? Definitely will.It was gifted to me several years ago and I finally got around to playing it in 2017-- and it was still visually striking. Go ahead, if you want an enjoyable game and haven't played the series-- it's OK to start here."
,Recommended,209000,27057574,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,kuarza,Better thanArkham Knight.
76561198087313362,Recommended,209000,31178575,Posted: 16 April,all,john_ergine,"Good addition to the Arkham series. It’s pretty much the same old thing but why change a good recipe, right?Also, I clocked the end credits. They take 30 minuted to roll."
76561197981048565,Not Recommended,209000,12332441,"Posted: 2 October, 2014",all,Tenn,"Played everything except the initiation DLC.  Overall:  Discounted purchase was worth it.ProsManaged not to mess up the mechanics of the last two games too badly.Boss Fights. Some were quite well done and fun.Notably Deathstroke and deadshotBane. Better written than the last couple games.Enigma. Voice acting and writing were better than usual.ConsBugs.  Pathing, clipping, AI nonresponse, crashes, sideplot goals not spawning and other, less annoying bugs.  Shouldn't exist this long after release.Unskippable cutscenes.  Even some of the prerendered stuff was unskippable.Quicktime events.  Used well(ish)Deathstroke, stupid and non-challenging otherwise.Camera in combat.  Level design caused it to be a bad problem."
76561197976403189,Recommended,209000,26192814,"Posted: 23 October, 2016",all,GRIM,"A game like this where there are so many things to collect and do, having a save system that prevents you from going back, not being able to restart when you enter a door and can't return even when you haven't finished searching the area, is utterly stupid. You should be ashamed. This is the worst of the series because of this. It should have been patched.I thought I would edit this post, and give the game a positive rating now that I am not so angry. The game was fun, in spite of the way the game is set up, if you miss parts of the story or accidently knockout a guy out you are supposed to save for last and interogate, the only way to fix it is to restart... from the beginning, if you want 100% completion. There are things you can't do unless you have collected all gadgets. I restarted at least once, maybe I will try it again someday. They fixed these problems and made multiple saves that you can recover in Arkham Knight, which has a great story and I would say is at least as good as the first two."
,Recommended,209000,31153722,Posted: 15 April,all,DeadlyArden,My first Arkham game wasn't a Mistakeim gonna buy all The Games
,Not Recommended,209000,19786429,"Posted: 19 December, 2015",all,PanfooToogre,"Arkham City and Arkham Asylum were two of the best games I've ever played.I thought ""The next Batman game is going to be amazing!""Then I played this game.And I cried.I beg you to please go play Batman: Arkham Asylum and Batman: Arkham City.After those two games, however, just stop.Stop right there. No more Batman.This game is laggy, boring, repetitive, and I can't even go anywhere without it crashing.4/10 - Get me a new game, Alfred."
76561198095648685,Recommended,209000,33216800,Posted: 3 July,all,Shiny Umbry,"Game is very fun. It's a must if you love Batman. Fighting system is pretty well done (At least I think so). there are some graphical issues like some of the shadows aren't there, but other than that it's not very noticable. There's not much i disslike about it."
76561198197302010,Recommended,209000,33180519,Posted: 3 July,all,Aaron,谜语人起源.....
76561198040106431,Recommended,209000,33169456,Posted: 2 July,all,Xscaper the tactical,"Possibly not quite as good as the rest of the Batman Arkham games but it's still a very good game. The biggest problem is that it does not introduce much in the way of new mechanics/gameplay variety.If you liked the other games though, there is no reason to skip this one. Just watch out for a couple of bugs/port issues."
,Recommended,209000,33163915,Posted: 2 July,all,Plister Mats,"Story 8.5:It's not about Arkham nor is it an origin story despite it being a prequel. But it provides an interesting twist to the already familiar Wayne tale. Black Mask placed a $50 million bounty on Batman's head and has hired 8 assassins to kill him. So Butt hole has to stop them from taking him and Gotham down. Plus, it takes place on Christmas Eve.Visuals 8.5:Gotham looks pretty, the animations are extremely well choreographed, and character models are detailed. The DirectX 11 Enhanced features look great (everyone leaves footprints everywhere)! But the city is lifeless and lacks the easter eggs that made exploring in the other games so rewarding. There's also some pop-in which is disappointing considering the other games hid it so well. Facial animations could also use work.Audio 9.5:The soundtrack sets the mood (especially the main theme!) The voice acting is outstanding as always. The stand out is Troy Baker as the Joker. He's so damn close to Mark Hamill's voice that I couldn't really tell the difference. Kevin Conroy will always be my Batass, but Roger Craig Smith does the teenage Lil Wayne voice exceptionally well.Gameplay 8:It almost has the same great combat of the other 3 games. Almost because it has ideas that turn bad after a while. The shock gloves (which are unlocked late in the game) basically rob you of what makes combat interesting. Riot shields and body armor are no match for Bruce Lee. I highly advise you to not use them unless you're in a huge group. Predator encounters are back and they're still great. The only real ""innovation"" is the evidence scanner which makes you search for clues on how an innocent civillian got killed. Using the left and right mouse buttons (LT and RT or L2 and R2) to rewind and play the crime scene looks great. But really, it's just there to be showy. I also ran into some technical issues during my playthrough. I got stuck in between two spots, some random loading spots, and I ran into a bug that set my default controls as the left mouse button.Multiplayer 7:This is the only game in the series to feature online multiplayer and it's a mixed bag. It's actually very clever. The twist is that it's 3 vs. 3...vs. 2. The 2 characters you play as is the dynamic duo and you have to take down the other players with a clumsy version of the single player's combat and stealth. You can strategize with the good ol' ""use minor as a distraction for superior to take down the big guy"". The other 2 teams are the Joker team and the Bane team and they just function as your standard third-person shooter. Overall, it's okay. But I wouldn't see myself play more than a few matches of it unless my friends really want to.The Verdict: Batman Arkham Origins lacks the polish and attention to detail that makes Arkham Asylum, City, and Knight outstanding action games and has some trouble finding interesting ideas of its own. But it shares the same great combat, a pretty good ""origin"" story, and a beautiful, if lifeless, city to make it a good fit for the series.Overall:8Great"
,Recommended,209000,33296824,Posted: 5 July,all,faris8697,Good game
,Recommended,209000,33316892,Posted: 6 July,all,Mantz,"Very good game!! If you like Batman, I recommend."
,Recommended,209000,32543696,Posted: 18 June,all,Bestmaster202,This game is simliar to the other games if you liked them I highly reccomend that you buy this game. However there are some glitchs that I ran into that I could see people get frustrated with. I would give it a 7.5/10
,Recommended,209000,33310780,Posted: 6 July,all,telesien,"Worst of the trilogy, but still worth the shot. The detective mod is fun and could have made it into something a bit different, but it wasn't used nearly enough"
,Recommended,209000,33412732,Posted: 9 July,all,Drain,"Drain's full LP of the game:https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLGYTSvZvuRkEhCWsUawrAIb32HvDeQlPyIt's not often you get decent games based on comic books, or even movies or television shows. But these three batman games rise far beyond the gutter level standard of their peers in the past and help set a new standard, the one which should be expected for games. It reminds me of Stick of Truth, which is probably the only good South Park game ever made. The list of decent Batman games is probably quite short as well... at least it was, until these came along. Asylum, City, and Origins, are all worth playing. Just don't play Arkham Knight; it's another cash crop trash of a sequel. It never should have been made."
,Recommended,209000,33382678,Posted: 8 July,all,Vortexmonkey,great game
76561197989968007,Recommended,209000,33387278,Posted: 8 July,all,Perdiccas,"In short: Arkham Origins delivers the same excellent gameplay as its predecessors, without attaining any new heights. For fans of the series, AO delivers more of the same. For newcomers, Arkham City is probably the better investment, but AO is definitely still worth playing.If you are familiar with the series, then the gameplay in AO is exactly the same. There are some helpful minor tweaks with new upgrades and a fast travel system, but nothing truly innovative. And that's fine - if it ain't broke then don't fix it. If you're looking for more of the same, then AO is worth getting.If you're new to the series, then what is there to say? The Arkham series beautifully blends movement, combat and stealth. The mechanics of the gameplay are near flawless. There is a wonderful satisfaction in picking off isolated enemies carefully in stealth, or putting together seamless combos. Despite its sophistication, the gameplay is actually easy and fluid. Grappling and gliding come so easily. For fans of action-adventure, Batman or those looking for something new, then this whole series excels.I would still maintain that AO is inferior to Arkham City, but probably better than Arkham Asylum (I haven't yet played Arkham Knight). But if you enjoy one, then you'll enjoy the others.The visuals are also surprisingly good. It may not be breathtaking, but there is genuine attention to detail. The atmosphere (due in no small part to the weather effects) is excellent, even if the lifelessness of the city is disappointing. The city also felt larger than the version in Arkham City. It may not be wider, but it was certainly taller and more varied in AO.The one major area of improvement is the boss battles, which were decidely underwhelming in the two predecessors, but are occasionally excellent in AO. Sure, some still fall into the same 'perform a trick to damage the boss, beat up goons, try not to get hit by boss's AoE attack, repeat', but others liven the process somewhat.Most of my gripes are relatively minor. The story is confused, and borderline incoherent. I was often at a loss to tell why I was doing what I was doing. Attempting to shoehorn so many Batman villains into a single game necessarily destroys any hope of a consistent narrative. This is a theme that has plagued the entire series. Don't, therefore, expect any miracles in the narrative department.I also felt that the achievements were poorly designed. There are several that are easy to miss, and good luck doing the multiplayer ones now. Plus, many of the rest consist of lengthy grinds. They even added a mode where you have to complete the story without dying which is a recipe for frustration. None of it is particularly fun, and a lot of the side quests only serve to bloat the game. This is nothing new for the series, but AO takes it beyond acceptability. If you slogged through all of Arkham City's achievements, then you probably won't want to bother again, with even more.The UI also deserves criticism. The menus (in-game) were clunky, and it took me a while to become orientated. Your mileage may well vary, and I think other games in the series had similar trouble.The DLC was ok. It almost feels like much more was planned, but got axed because of poor sales. Hence the 'season pass' barely gives you anything at all.As for bugs, I had no real problems. Apart from a couple of very minor instances, the game ran perfectly. I also recommend using a controller to get the most out of the gameplay - a keyboard feels too clunky.Pros:- Excellent gameplay- Relatively strong visuals, with a great atmosphere- Improved boss battles- Solid across the boardCons:- Weak story- Lengthy achievements- Too much bloat from side quests- Poor UIVerdict: The excellent gameplay and atmosphere easily carry this game. Despite some minor gripes, it is an enjoyable experience from start to finish. It may be more of the same, but that's more of the same high quality gameplay. Even at full price, it's great value for money, though you can probably skip the DLC."
76561198027867039,Recommended,209000,33390773,Posted: 8 July,all,biggs,"If you like arkham series from WB you loved arkham asylum and arkham city you ll love this one :) Its practicaly same concept like arkham city but prequel with nice mini boss side missions with 8 interesting vilains.. or more? sorry :)Story is pretty simple like in other batman games but it has nice pace and whats the most important  for me the best fight system from all games :)pros : different villains with their own stories.. some just fight for money, some has actual plans for arkhamfight stylefast travel :)same as arkham city .. for me its a plus :)cons : no catwoman :Ptons of collectibles.. Im talking to you Enigma :PIf you wanna try it go ahead .. oh and If you wanna  more story pick you cold cold hearth.. I think its 1st time we can see Mr. Freeze - but only on sale :)"
,Not Recommended,209000,33335123,Posted: 7 July,all,Enguss,"Story is good, but bugs kept the experience far from being smooth compared to Arkham City. If you are new to Batman Arkham series, this is not the point of entry.This modern beat-em-up is exactly the same as the last two games. There arent any improvment in terms of mechanics of gameplay.This game is quite buggy compared to Arkham City. It is not breaking the game but still I sometimes get stuck at ledges or some spot. The grappling often cant find the grappling point until I am 3 meters in front of it. I just dont feel like Batman always act the way I want him to when moving, jumping, gliding.The good thing about this game is that the story is still good and you get to experience the early Batman which has different feel. If you are absolutly a Batman fan and need to experience every Batman game then give it go, if not, you wont miss much."
,Recommended,209000,30818926,Posted: 29 March,all,RockerBear,"Runs. So. SLOOooooooOOOOWWWLLYYYY!!!I mean it runs at a playable speed but my computer meets the max recommendation and I'm still only getting <20 fps. Whatever.The game's great, good story, good gameplay, good graphics, just be sure your computer is a total beast or that you're okay with laggy gameplay...don't suffer like me. Would give 9/10 if it didn't run so crappy."
76561198115906683,Recommended,209000,33151560,Posted: 2 July,all,Pegasus,Good first time playing Batman and I'm really surprised  9/10
,Recommended,209000,33456890,Posted: 11 July,all,Iguana Lord,"This was a good arkham game. It was very touching and emotional and some cool bosses. Deathstroke took me at least 5 tries to beat but after that all of them were 1 or 2 tries. My favorite gadgets were the glue grenade (because of its amazing name) and the shock gloves. I had a blast with this game. It can be frusterating, but is im pretty sure the most emotional Batman Arkham game yet.8.5/10"
,Recommended,209000,33495678,Posted: 12 July,all,Luis1866,10/10 would play again
,Recommended,209000,33487667,Posted: 12 July,all,striecx,"Good graphics, some slight fps drops but less than half a second. Great fighting mechanics and the story is awesome"
76561198085262631,Not Recommended,209000,33483153,Posted: 12 July,all,PeripheralVisionary,"Truth be told, you will probably like this game as a standalone. It has some pretty neat things going for it, such as shock gloves and nifty tricks for predator encounters where you use stealth. However, my personal disatisfaction with the game turned into a grudge of nonrecommendation due to my main save glitching out before I could complete the story. Namely, the infinite falling out of map glitch, which is not fixed by verifying the integrity of the game's cache, nor a complete redownload.I am so enraged, I'd make Bane look like a toddler should I express it physically.Do some #$%!ing play testing. This isn't the first out of map glitch. For #$@! sakes, I fell through the floor on just using the elevator as instruct to the next story encounter."
76561198048737635,Recommended,209000,33548418,Posted: 14 July,all,Highcrusader,"It's top 10 for most obvious ports.  Controls offer you microsoft control options first, and keyboard second.  Escape means retry, and enter means exit this menu. The UI is AWFUL.  Good luck selecting a map icon, you have to use the WASD keys, and the selection box is tiny and fast.  Batman is DEFINITELY the big lipped Michael Keaton kind (read: doesn't look like Batman), not the better designed Batman of the first two games.  The combat is just slightly off, and knocking out enemies has no bass - it's just not as satisfying.  I know this is a prequel, but it really DOES feel like a first draft compared to the previous two games.That said, this is Batman.  BATMAN.  Buy the game, dammit.Edit: The menus really are worse than I made them sound.  Also, it's almost impossible to select the right roof to grapple to - I have no idea how they intend me to aim, it's certainly not by centering the screen where I want to go.Still, Batman"
,Recommended,209000,33209276,Posted: 3 July,all,Free candy eCyberBet.com,"I really like this game and trying  to stop the assasins who is trying to stop [you] a lot of peple die but at the end everything is back to normal,the mulitiplayer is awesome by the way you gotta try it!!"
,Recommended,209000,33655960,Posted: 19 July,all,ThatOneSpookover,"2 simple questions you should ask yourself If you are confused on whether or not to buy this game.1. Are you a batman arkham fan and just another awesome title to play?What are you doing, buy this game already!2. Do you want a fresh new adventure with the dark knight? New gadgets and a fresh take on the arkham series?Don't buy this game, because you won't get that.Good thing I just wanted another awesome title to play. Beware of the glitches though. I had 2 glitches make me reset my game and 40% of my battles had a goon stuck in the wall.8/10"
,Recommended,209000,33648768,Posted: 19 July,all,Liz the Lizard™,"Great game, looks good. Getting collectibes is tedious but its expected. Definitely play this game before the other Arkham games.Highly recommend it."
,Recommended,209000,33683968,Posted: 20 July,all,Nelipod,I think this game gets a lot of unfair criticism. For me the story is really good and keeps the gamer engaged. Roger Craig Smith's Batman is amazing. Troy Baker's Joker is outstanding. The game also gives us unique and great boss battle. Especially the Deathstroke one. The gameplay is pretty much the same as the other Arkham games. Overall this a great addition to the Arkham games. One that must be played if you are a fan of the franchise.
76561198339707066,Recommended,209000,33660240,Posted: 19 July,all,GamingAlpaccapacca101,A lot of people say this game isnt very good. But I completely disagree. Arkham origins is my favourite game by far and everything you do is really entertaining. It has a great story and when you finish the story part the side quests are also alot of fun. Controls and simple but work really well with the game. This is my first arkham game but I will definitely be playing more. This game will appeal to almost anyone.
76561198095809208,Recommended,209000,33674103,Posted: 20 July,all,mohammedhz98,Honestly i don't see why people hated to such an extreme extent i can honestly say i enjoyed playing this game not as much as the other arkham games but it was still overall a fun experience while i was disappointed about black mask since he was hyped up so much in the game (won't go into detail about this as it will spoil the people who havn't played the game yet) i still enjoyed the story especially the boss fights. Even though it the same standards as arkham asylum or arkham city it was still a good game to play overall i give it a 6.8/10 not bad considering it wasn't even made by rockseady looking forward to seeing what arkham insurgency will be like.
76561198204048265,Recommended,209000,33700900,Posted: 21 July,all,Harley,Joker???? i love this game but joker is better than everyone were is he in the pics and trailers ####?
76561198150734228,Recommended,209000,33149629,Posted: 2 July,all,✪ paul,"The storyline is really not that great,a lot of bugs and the script suck's.But is Batman,and you can fly.6/10"
76561198381509511,Recommended,209000,33937240,Posted: 31 July,all,mafrooks,This game is one of my favorites only second to Arkham Knight.  Shame people didn't appreciate it. Story was really good if not one of the best in the series. Despite what people think this is canon to the Arkham storyline.
,Recommended,209000,33391606,Posted: 8 July,all,Rowsdower,"Arkham Origins is a prequel to the Arkham series. You play as Batman who after the introductory mission, is targeted by Black Mask. Black Mask sends 10 assassins after Batman. Batman sets off to take down the assassins instead of waiting in the Batcave like a Batpunk. A curveball is thrown in the story later on and most of the assassins end up being a side mission.Gameplay is the same as City. There are some replacement gadgets however. Replacing the Line Launcher is the Remote Claw. A device that can produce a rope between two objects. Another function is that it can reel in two people so that they smash into each other.Shock gloves replace the REC and are used as a power up when you beat enough enemies in a fight and as a puzzle tool.For some unexplained reason you have the grapnel boost even though it was still in development during Arkham City.Enemy fights are about the same. If I remember correctly this game introduced Enforcers which have to be taken down the same way you take down the Russian brothers in City. There are also martial artists who will give you a hard time. Basically they have a chance to dodge your blows. After a dodge you need to hit counter twice to counter. Also the B & Y instant takedown does not work on them.I have not tried the online mode and I am not sure if I can.So many people dislike this game because they believe it did not add enough after Arkham City. I agree but this is still a blast to play. Others hate the voice actor changes. I actually like them because having a different voice actor makes Batman seem more inexperienced. What I am saying is that Kevin Conroy's Batman is more intimidating than Origins but that is because Origin's Batman is inexperienced not because Roger Craig Smith is a bad actor (which he is not).Here are the bad things about this game:They went too far in making the characters seem cool. Check out the cutscene where Penguin is torturing Albetro Mozzarella Falcone. They play bad♥♥♥♥♥music while he is putting out his cigar on his face.The Crimes in Progress are pathetic. Half of them involve you beating up police who are harassing a bum (By the way the police call the police on themselves). Apparently a lot of cops' brothers work in Blackgate because you always have to save a cop who is getting beat up by some criminals who hate the cop's brother.Evidence scanning via the crime scene are cool but then when you get the suspect he is some random♥♥♥♥♥dude on the street. No cool scenarios. There is even a killer who is supposed to be a rich socialite but he is a genericJokerthug.They pretty much take some stuff from City. The fight with Deadshot is the same Catwoman fight with Two Face. Also they take stuff from Pixar because Deadshot holds up a laser on his arm like Buzz Lightyear. Master Bruce, how come you don't have a laser? Half of the city (park row, etc.) is ripped from City since it was part of Gotham.The developers really like sewers. There are many sewer levels and even a level with a bunch of water (The Final Offer). When I had to go back to GCPD I wanted to go in via the front door but Batman said “Nah I will go in via the sewer. The police have a super computer in the sewers. Some people say it is not but it is right next to a waterfall. Here is a link to a post I made about it:http://steamcommunity.com/app/209000/discussions/0/152393186493815074/I didn't like how Bane's people talked and acted. They are stereotypical/annoying South Americans that are probably voiced by Canadians. Talking about honor and saying things like ""they talk about an island blah blah blah"".Alot of places where you think you can corner cover, you actually can't. It's as if they manually marked certain places where you can do it rather than having the engine determine if a corner cover is possible for a fixture.You have to beat some mini achievements in order rather than as you do them in order to unlock upgrades.In New Game Plus you have to unlock the gadgets as you progress the story instead of having them all from the start like in City. It might as well be Super Hard Mode. You only keep your XP upgrades. Also the Riddler Data Pack mechanisms are still active but they hold no Data Pack. That is confusing and you end up wasting time going to the mechanism only to find that it is empty.Conclusion:However some stuff from Origins made it to Knight like enemies that grab you and the crime scene investigations. So this game is not completely unoriginal. It is worth buying. Especially if your PC cannot play Arkham Knight."
76561198011553502,Recommended,209000,33921283,Posted: 30 July,all,pmswk45,"Batman Arkham Origins is a remarkable game in the arkham series. The storyline is great in handling the prequel of Arkham Asylum and City. The gameplay and the missions are good. Because of the missions, it took me a long time to finish the game. I hope Arkham Knight is better than the predecessors."
76561198365584972,Recommended,209000,34012507,Posted: 4 August,all,ZaechTheAttack,"I do recommend this game, it is good to see what Gotham looked like before it became freaking armageddon with a midget with glass in his eye. But there is one catch that I encountered, it is probably a ""my computer"" thing but, whem I save Alfred from some rubble, when he's lying down, in the cutscene windows always says oh ""windows is looking for a problem blah blah blah at least it's ot 95"". I'm not sure of this issue but I can't progress. Other than that problem I do find it a solid game and that you should try it if you liked Arkham City!"
76561198001445628,Recommended,209000,12839894,"Posted: 7 November, 2014",all,thetoad,This game is great! End of review.
76561198065957273,Recommended,209000,34062385,Posted: 6 August,all,Bobitza,"I really like this one. The single player doesn't let you down, with a well written story and memorable characters and missions. If you are a fan of the series, you should definitely look into this one. Oh, oh, it has multiplayer too which is pretty cool!"
,Recommended,209000,31852406,Posted: 19 May,all,Corvax__,Its good.Its got quite a few bugs but it was playable so it fine.7/10
76561198213544533,Recommended,209000,34112135,Posted: 8 August,all,Wingman,Its very good. I reccomend buying it
76561198033041120,Recommended,209000,33972890,Posted: 2 August,all,NocturnalOrange,is good
76561198144960073,Recommended,209000,33984245,Posted: 2 August,all,Zephyr-,enter into this world.
76561198103688246,Recommended,209000,34167096,Posted: 11 August,all,Clemm,"Reading the comic books of Batman, being the protector of Gotham city...If you want to bring the justice, you ought to meet with Bruce."
76561198088886750,Recommended,209000,34172261,Posted: 11 August,all,Junkie XL,"Best one in the series. The story was fun from beginning to end. There were times where it dragged a little bit, but the TN-1 Bane fight made up for it. Highly reccomend playing this one."
,Recommended,209000,34173800,Posted: 11 August,all,Heggie,Strongly recommend.
,Recommended,209000,34188712,Posted: 12 August,all,Josh,"OK story, fun combat, cool boss fights (Slate) and great graphics. Everything you could ever want."
76561198325926619,Recommended,209000,34205833,Posted: 12 August,all,Star Lord,Great game but story mode is quite short though. At least it's an origin story game so there's nothing wrong with it. Would recommend this if you are into this kind of game
76561198056471030,Recommended,209000,34468760,Posted: 24 August,all,ondra.kurin,"The worst of the four, but still good if you really like the Arkham series. No GOTY edition though, and DLCs/season pass rarely go on sale."
76561198107812409,Recommended,209000,11527049,"Posted: 2 August, 2014",all,The Cobra,"I read a lot of mixed reviews prior to playing this game that almost turned me off buying it. However, I thoroughly enjoyed it and any flaws the game had were very minor in my eyes.8/10"
76561197995217556,Recommended,209000,34999042,Posted: 16 September,all,Deballa,"Simply a great game, same as Asylum, City and Knight : all in all just a great game series.The main quest is fantastic, the environments, music and dialogues are immersive and the plot in general is well built. The stealth phases are really fun as well as the epic fights. In particular the boss fights in this one are probably the best of the series.The sidequests are numerous , some are really good, some others feel more like filler than anything but still bring some more fun to the game.For downsides we as usual have the typical WB games bugs i've seen in all games of the series : random crashes and stuttering when moving within the city unless you install on SSD, even on a rig like mine it seems a bit silly and clearly the optimisation for PC is a bit lacking.Another thing I found a bit strange is that the game progress percentage apparently considers the Enigma quest, challenges and game plus etc.. to consist nearly to 60 percent of the games' contents ... It is great to have such a long sidequest like Enigma's or things like Game Plus, but I think it would have made more sense to lower the worth of that in the percentage as it is mainly running around and/or repeating content of the main quest with a slight twist.But honestly, I just name these to find some downsides, because really it is hard to find some in such fantastic games as the Arkham series."
76561198319619897,Recommended,209000,34584877,Posted: 29 August,all,PuF,Good. 8/10
,Recommended,209000,35042136,Posted: 18 September,all,Azuramothren,I liked this game a lot. Worth picking up for a play through if <20$. It's got the same feel as the other arkham games so if you liked those at all you'll like this.
,Recommended,209000,34233653,Posted: 14 August,all,omaribdah,veryyyyyyyyy gooooooood
,Recommended,209000,34382024,Posted: 20 August,all,victorioso,This batman game is surprisingly pretty good But.... not the best one on the series because of the story but is still pasable.  You should buy if you like arkham city. IT has the same mechanics as arkham city but it improves in some areas that as a fan of this series I really aprecieate it.  The game has some bugs but it doesn't have ground breaking annoying gliches  so you won't have any problems during your playthrough. Finally the cold cold heart dlc is a worth buying dlc if you plan to have it with this game.batman arkham origins 7.5/10
,Not Recommended,209000,18848195,"Posted: 2 November, 2015",all,THE MAD LAUGHER,"While I would not recommend Batman Arkham Origins. I would not say it is a terrible game.It is however a game with a great premise that (in my opinion) fails to deliver.Somehow the gameplay during combat feels less smooth than Arkham City, don't get me wrong, Arkham City's combat was not perfect, but something about Origin's combat feels a little more... ""jagged""? Perhaps it's just me...PROS:Arkham Origins has some crowning moments of Gameplay and Plot that are seriously enjoyable:First Half of the Final Offer Mission (Up until its Boss Battle)Gotham Royal Hotel MissionGotham Pioneer's Bridge Mission (and it's Immediate Aftermath)Cold Cold Heart (DLC)SoundtrackCONS:BUGS BUGS BUGS:Examples Include But are not Limited to:Batman's Constantly Jiggling Cape (it's really annoying)Thugs Hanging from Cords Violently bouncing up and down like a yoyo in the hands of an angry child that does not know how to use a yo-yo.Spaztic Banners/Belts/BandannasDisappearing EnemiesReappearing EnemiesTwo Completely Different Conversations occuring simulatiously during plot critical momentsMeeting the criteria of a challenge/acheivement (multiple times) and not receiving reward for said challenge/acheivementRandomly being awarded random challenge rewards/acheivements without meeting their respective criteriaRepetative Detective CasesScan Crime Scene -> Go to the Perp's Location -> Beat Up the PerpNot enough Predator Missions during Story Mode, which could perhaps be a result of the the game's main plot being rather short (expanded upon below)Everybody and their mother is a crook in Gotham. With so many thugs on the streets (and on the rooftops), the criminal population seems rather disproportionate to the population of non-criminals.Plot:Lot's of Filler between missions (so much that there are multiple nonsensical moments when Alfred notifies Batman of an opportunity to finish up another objective, and Batman basically tells him ""I don't have time Alfred""), and without them I'd imagine that that actual ""Story"" is rather short.Climaxes WAY too early, leaving one wanting for the game to end long before it finally arrives.Bane has a grudge against Batman. Nobody knows why.A certain villain discovers Batman's identity, and while an extremely lame plot device (and some hand waving) was used to explain why his memory of Batman's true identity is erased, he had plenty of devoted followers who could have easily reminded him of it.In Challenges Deathstroke is just a reskin of Robin from Arkham City with a Gun instead of Shuriken.In ConclusionArkham Origins a handful of really great moments and a great soundtrack, but it's failings far outshine its postives and ultimately falls short of the mark. Honestly, even though the game does have replay value (New Game +, I am the Night Mode, Challenges, etc.) I find it really difficult to want to go back and play it again. Actually playing this game all the way through the Story Mode and the Cold, Cold Heart DLC, made me not want to play video games at all for at least a week.So. Would I reccomend Arkham Origins? No. Is it a bad game? No. Is it a game I would want to play again? Probably not for a very long time.Honestly, I got the entire game on sale for about $11 (with all DLC included), and I don't feel ripped off, the game feels like a roughly $10 game, but I was also expecting to be disappointed going into it. If you are going to put down money for this game, definitely pick it up during a Holiday sale."
,Recommended,209000,34368092,Posted: 20 August,all,supersben99,"I don't normally review games; in fact, this is my first ever game review.That being said, I felt it necessary to talk about why I truly enjoyed this game, especially given what seems to be an outpouring of hate for something that is by no means a poor game.There's a TL;DR at the bottom if you so choose.So here's the deal:Before two weeks ago, I had never touched an ARKHAM game. That style of game just wasn't really my style. But when I saw them on steam for 75% off, I bought all 4 games, DLC and all (roughly 36$ by the end).I decided to play them in order, obviously, so I started with Asylum. A brilliant game, amazingly put together, awesome mechanics and story (save for the final boss fight, yadda yadda yadda complain complain complain).I finished that one up to 85% (because homie don't play those challenge maps), but I got all the riddles and trophies and everything. Again, amazingly done.Then I moved on to City. Also a really well done game, awesome story and side missions, incredible open world, and fantastic portrayal of Batman's enemies. I finished that one to roughly 55% because, again, homie don't play those challenge maps, and also because I haven't quite collected all the trophies just yet. I decided to wait on that so I could finish the stories of all four games.And that brings us to Origins.And to be honest, I loved it.The story was fascinating, to say the least. Personally,I would've liked to see Black Mask as the main villain (because I think he's badass), but I won't complain about that because the twist was interesting (even if it was expected) and the plot was still awesome. The new voice actors did fantastic jobs, and personally I think the visual character design for both Batman/Bruce Wayne and the Joker are the best in Origins over any other ARKHAM game, Knight included. Sure, the game wasn't perfect and I had some bugs while I played, but it was sparse and didn't hinder my enjoyment of the game at all. Mechanics were as good as ever, even if it was nothing new, and the game was fluid and fun to play. I think my favorite part about the game (save the character designs for Batman and Joker, *so byutiful*), were the cinematic cutscenes, because they were truly cinematic, rather than more motion of the character models. It was beautiful and I loved it.So in the end, despite all the hate for Arkham Origins, I still say it's a great game. Is it my favorite? I dunno, but it certainly isn't my least favorite.TL;DR - don't listen to the hate about Origins until you play it yourself. It's a great Batman game."
76561198307121062,Recommended,209000,34382761,Posted: 20 August,all,ArsenalFC,"I haven't beat the game yet, but this is a really fun game, great story so far."
,Recommended,209000,34547048,Posted: 28 August,all,sicko,"Althought is not from the same studios that made Asylum, City and Knight, and despite that it feels repetitive from time to time, it's still an enjoyable game and an overall good experience to be honest, it adds interesting things to the Batman series."
76561198009341331,Recommended,209000,8847560,"Posted: 25 January, 2014",all,Semanidas,"A törénet izgalmas, fordulatos.A többjátékos mód nagyon élvezhető, egy ideig."
,Recommended,209000,34479355,Posted: 25 August,all,A Mote Of Dust,"It's an awesome game, end of story, buy it and complete your Arkhamverse collection."
76561198202354446,Recommended,209000,34588791,Posted: 29 August,all,pa_chinko,Above average superhero game. I love batman
,Recommended,209000,34552823,Posted: 28 August,all,Rok3Off,SPOILERgood game...
,Recommended,209000,34169290,Posted: 11 August,all,Izatinho,I AM THE NIGHT
,Not Recommended,209000,20841617,"Posted: 29 January, 2016",all,The Hero of Gotham,Now it's a very bad game.The online player is away and the achievements are still there.That means you can't unlock them anymore!Worst Batman Game ever
76561198032248704,Recommended,209000,34750814,Posted: 4 September,all,NocturnX,"This is yet another great Batman Arkham game. This one is a prequel set in the timeline before all the others. Batman is still widely unknown and considered a myth at the start. He's yet to gain the trust and respect of Jim Gordon let alone the rest of the police.I have one complaint about the story and that is how this one has a scene that really drives home the hypocrisy and double standard applied to Batman by Jim Gordon and the police in regard to Batman using lethal force.Batman is placed in a scenerio where he is forced to fight a super villain to the death to save another life. Batman doesn't actually kill them, but Jim Gordon thinks he did so he immediately turns into an ungrateful, judgemental, sanctimonious, hypocite who not five minutes ago shot a henchman dead without a second thought just to get to a main villain and be captured by him. So  to recap; if Batman with great reluctance, hesitation, and remorse kills an irredeemable evil villain to save a good person's life THAT's <-(sarcastic tone) inexcusable, but OH (again sarcastic tone) because Jim Gordon has a badge issued by the government he can kill a member of the evil guy's security force with no hesitation or sign of regret for no reason other than he needed to to reach the villain, that's okay.That's some bull****!"
,Recommended,209000,34753697,Posted: 5 September,all,FreeLancer,"The story is the best in the series but, when it comes to gameplay, Warner Bros. Montreal seem to have taken the “if it ain’t broke, don’t fix it” mantra and done the exact opposite."
,Recommended,209000,34776163,Posted: 6 September,all,PORC * -Graphic Designer-,"Another good batman game from a graphical point of view but also the gameplay is very good. this game was very exciting and I want Warner Bros. to make more batman games.Pro: The game has an exciting and exciting story, the characters are well done, the map is immense.Cons: To play 100% you have to collect different items which is quite boring.Other Words: I recommend it for those who like games like that."
76561198058149901,Recommended,209000,34788356,Posted: 6 September,all,jediknightmario,"This is a Great Game, well its the frist batman Game I played from Rocksteady, an i said its a great game the fight combos the villans and the history, I get the season pass too and I enjoyned too the new villian dr frezze an the new coustume, regret nothing"
76561198055031802,Recommended,209000,34794162,Posted: 7 September,all,downarchers,Worst arkham game.Great video game.Enjoy the bosses
76561198056444668,Not Recommended,209000,34847224,Posted: 9 September,all,Thoth,"Xbox One Controller works with all other games, but not with this one.Many People have the same issue, as ive seen in several forums. And there isn't and never will be a solution for this problem. Those Gameprogrammers of this game are just idiots!"
76561197995974962,Recommended,209000,34848817,Posted: 9 September,all,ShackmanG,The 3rd but not the least addition to the franchise. Much like Arkham City you have the big open city of Gotham to beat up thugs. A slight change to the weapon and some really cool Batman tech to enjoy.
,Recommended,209000,34550120,Posted: 28 August,all,spidey,"Yes, most of the game seems like a copy of Arkham City, but that doesn't take away the overall high quality that comes from the lush world, the improved fighting system and the great characters and story WB Montreal has brought to life."
,Not Recommended,209000,26538619,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,Twiz,"More of the same Batman. Not much new here. But decent game.UPDATE: Everything in this game breaks after you beat the main quest line. Can't open my evidence scanner, can't interrogate people. It's a shame as I actually had a desire to finish off the case files buuut yeah. Having played all of the series I can safely say this is the weakest entry in the Arkham franchise by far and has game breaking bugs that persis to this very day."
76561197978026586,Recommended,209000,34869943,Posted: 10 September,all,JustinOhio,"Despite all of the negative reviews of this game, I loved it!"
,Recommended,209000,26202093,"Posted: 24 October, 2016",all,mhenryblack,"Attn Steam.  Could we add this game to steamworks?  Pretty please.It says that I received this game for free but I did not.As a player who did not wait for the actual releases in real time, purely taking the games by themselves for what they are....  well I know that WB Games Montreal did not found this feast, in my opinion this is one of the better games in the series.I absolutely love the combat in comparison to the other games it feels much more visceral, involved and directional.  I love how they took the formula from Arkham City and expanded it across a larger Gotham.  Each game has something that sets it apart from the others, but this game feels in my mind like a Perfection of the original concept.Arkham Knight had a bigger more detailed City but it also had a Batmobile which to drive around....And it's severely lacked in good boss fights.Arkham City arguably had better boss fights but Arkham Origins had far more of them.What prompted this review was my decision yesterday to take on some of the challenge maps that I hadn't before.  I really love the challenges in this game more than any other.  The initiation/rite of passage campaign is fantastic.I found myself motivated to play through all the challenge Maps because I was having fun.About some of the gadget changes in complexity from Arkham Knight this game supplied more takedowns from what we loved in Arkham City and Gadget features in general...  while this doesn't chronologically fit with the series, I think WB Games made a good decision to say ""f**k it"" and allow the inclusion of some anachronistic gadgets.I love the added height and range for Batman's flight capabilities vs. Arkham City.  The cinematics in the set pieces in this game are absolutely wonderful.  I feel that the challenge level has been stepped up over Arkham City, leaving plenty of Headroom for an average player like myself.I can't tell you how many times while playing Arkham City I wished to have fast travel, when an objective force me to have to fly to the other end of the map, and I wasn't in the mood for what was arguably an enjoyable part of the game (map traversal).I love that in this game you see the early bat caves and interact with Alfred.The cold cold heart DLC is absolutely fantastic as well, expanding on both of the previously mentioned goodies.Yeah the Batmobile in Arkham Knight was great and might have been nice in this game, but I feel that Arkham Origins stands well on its own home without it.Arguably Arkham Knight was a bit too much of a driving game.I've also recently discovered how amazing the multiplayer on Arkham Origins is.I feel that WB Games missed an opportunity by not setting up PvE Batman and Robin versus computer Co-op.  Which arguably would have extended replayability a great deal and removed the need for people who are willing to play the role of Joker and Banes bugs.I've heard people say that multiplayer was unnecessary in this series but to be honest Batman and Robin work together all the time, and I think that the multiplayer maps on this game are really really spectacular.  And I wish there was more options for their use.  As I am normally only a single player sort of gamer.Many people have talked about the portrayal of Bane in this game, and I must pile on with the Applause for this version of Batman's other nemesis.Bane Begins the game as Batman's most physically and mentally formidable enemy, and out of desperation and hatred makes the somewhat tragic decision to mentally injure himself in order to physically best Batman.The origin story for mr. Freeze in Cold Cold Heart is also done heartbreakingly well...  a Worthy origin story for his heartbreaking roll in the later series.I've played all the Arkham games multiple times.  And if you love the series as much as I do I suggest that you try an experiment.Throw out any previous biases you've had it take the games as a whole.  Start with Arkham Origins then play Asylum, City and Knight.Just run through the story modes in order without having to Great a gap between the games.I found it to be a blast.Even the reduced gadgetry of Asylum didn't feel too out of place, as the smaller scale of the event didn't leave you feeling overmatched by what you had in the game...  Arkham Origins was a larger-scale event as was Arkham City...  and Arkham Knight needed the Batmobile.If you do this I highly recommend collecting all the stinking Riddler trophies in Arkham Knight that way you get the lock Em Up after the boss fight he's deserved through all the other games.  And at the risk of too many spoilers, you also get some Nifty closure with Catwoman.Don't count this game out people.  It might not be made by Rocksteady, but it's a great game.  An excellent origin point for all the other Arkham games.Roger Craig Smith is fantastic is Batman and Troy Baker bring the maniac Joker to life wonderfully.Go for it."
76561198315334238,Recommended,209000,35327871,Posted: 30 September,all,TurnoverHD™,A GREAT GAME if you have a controller connectedPros: best storybest gameplaybruce waynes past revealed!kick♥♥♥♥♥bossesCONZ:the controlls gave me diabetes
76561198411890234,Recommended,209000,34876557,Posted: 10 September,all,Onyx,Pros:-unique boss fights unlike Arkham Knight's-lots of main & side missions-enjoyable long cutscenes-a lot of batman skins to chose from and they actually LOOK goodCons:-game will stutter sometimes when gliding near building but not much to ruin the experience-annoying riddler collectibles-city feels empty just like Arkham CityI give this a 4/5. Buy only if you enjoyed Arkham City!
,Recommended,209000,35374315,Posted: 1 October,all,Deathstroke,Awesome game. I don't have any regrets buying it.
,Recommended,209000,35375679,Posted: 1 October,all,Cedjoe,Nice game imo
