user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
76561198040678448,Recommended,209080,13477362,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,vyew,"Before I begin, let me clear a few misconceptions that are common in the negative reviews:""♥♥♥♥ the micro-transactions in a $15 game.""The in-game store only sells cosmetic items such as costumes and ship decorations. You cannot gain an in-game advantage by paying $$$. Half of the catalog can be earned without paying real money by levelling up your classes and doing achievements.""Long waiting times in lobby, takes forever to find/start a match""This problem has been solved in the latest patch with the addition of an actual matchmaking system. The lobby now has a time limit (Forced start after 4 min).""This game requires voice chat.""There is a voice and signal command system accessed by pressing the V key that allows you to give a variety of commands spoken by voice actors. Voice chat is no longer required, especially if you are an Engineer or Gunner as you most of the time you receive commands instead of giving them.""New players are stomped by experienced players.""True. However there are new player-only matches that cannot be entered by experienced players. New players are automatically put into these matches, although they may opt out of them. Also, the new matchmaking system is effective in avoiding stomp matches as long as there are enough players online.""Balanced matches are hard to find.""This problem has been solved in the latest patch with the addition of an actual matchmaking system, except when there are less than 50 players online.""Poor graphics.""It's actually quite good for Unity graphics. There is 12x AA, water reflections, real-time shadows, dynamic lighting and a post-processing filter available.""Laggy FPS.""This is usually caused by unexpected bugs in new patches that are quickly fixed.""Laggy Ping.""Low ping is not required to play this game since it is not a twitch shooter. I live in Hong Kong and regularly play with no issues on US servers (150ms ping) and EU servers (350ms+ ping).""Huge rebalancing between patches.""UPDATE 1.4.1: Flamer/Carronade nerf (Most frustrating/Most OP gun) :) No huge rebalancing (only slight) for other stuff. Meta shift because of Stamina and not because of nerf/buff.""Shallow game, no strategy or skill required.""This is like saying Counter-Strike is shallow and requires no strategy or skill because it is a game about shooting back at enemies on de_dust2. In fact Guns of Icarus not only has a lot of high-level strategic depth, it also gives many opportunities for players to show off and excel with their mechanical skills. Examples of high-level play include ship positioning, flanking, ship loadouts, and min/maxing of engineering efficiency and gun damage. Examples of mechanical skills include engineering parkour tricks, reactionary piloting, and using hard-to-aim or long-range guns.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xK9hOU92chEThe game's long-time competitive community (going all the way back to beta) is a testament to the depth that this game actually has.""Lack of new gameplay content.""UPDATE 1.4.1: New gun, STAMINA SYSTEM!, Steam Workshop hooked up. CO-OP MODE IN PLAYTESTING, IT'S LEGIT BOYZ!""Game gets boring.""If you like the game, appreciate its strategic depth, play with the mindset of improving yourself or simply find and play with friends, you'll discover this game's longevity in the same way people have played Counter-Strike or DotA for a decade.""The community is horrible.""This question needs to be answered in two parts: trolls and the actual community:1) Trolls are introduced every time this game is on sale. Since they only buy the game to troll around, they leave after a week or two to troll the next multiplayer game on sale.2) I won't deny that a sizeable portion of this community is made up of largely veterans, or that a precious few veterans can get extremely elitist, abusive and salty towards new players. However these people are quite rare and are drowned out by a mass of helpful and friendly players that are happy to help cooperative newbies.""The game is dead (no one playing).""http://steamcharts.com/app/209080Concurrent players (off sale) peak at around 300. Most players play in American and European timezones. UPDATE 1.4.1: Still hitting 300-400 on weekends, 250+ on weekdays.""No Australian servers.""UPDATE JUNE 2015: Oceania Servers are REAL now!""No co-op/VS bots mode.""This is in the works for 2015. The co-op mode has already been demoed at PAX 2014 as recently as September.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ACr0aUNSXoYUPDATE 1.4.1: IT'S IN PLAYTESTING, HYPENow for the review:What should I know before playing: This game requires a lot of teamwork. Individual skill is rarely enough to win a match. Not listening to the captain's order or recommendations, running around the ship instead of cooperating with your fellow crew and leaving your allies to die while you try and fly past the edge of the map is not fun for anyone. It will only cause your ship to die over and over again while your team loses in five minutes.This game has a steep learning curve. While most of the game's basic knowledge can be grasped within a few matches, the intricacies of piloting, the efficiencies of engineering and the specifics of gunning will take you many deaths and many losses to get good at. Very few people have truly mastered everything the game has to offer even with thousands of matches in game (UPDATE 1.4.1 myself included, hit 2466 matches, I'm a god Engi but can improve pilot/gun).What's really good in this game: The requirement for teamwork combined with the setting and competitiveness of airships haphazardly wrecking each other makes for some truly magical highlight moments, as well as providing an environment that fosters communication and encourages friendships.The game's high skill ceiling allows for continuous self improvement. It feels great to discover something new about the game, learn ways of maximising the efficiency of your ship, or find out how to beat a specific strategy and apply this knowledge in the next matches you play. As you cleverly circle into a Pyramidion's blind spot while you maintain your gun arcs, you smile as your recall how, once upon a time, you didn't know how to accel/decel (R/F btw).JK it isn't that romantic. In reality you'll just suffocate yourself laughing while you crush an enemy ship into a building as your teammate is burning them into a crisp.The huge amount of possible combinations of ships and weapons makes sure that, most of the time, no two consecutive matches will have the exact same ships in play. Also, you can experiment with new load outs or strategies and feel awesome when they work.What's meh: Dealing with unresponsive teammates. In game that relies so heavily on teamwork, having crew members that refuse to change classes, take stupid loadouts and then steal the gunner's gun can get extremely frustrating.Crazy King.Crazy King games...UPDATE 1.4.1: Mode reworked, not a stallfest anymore, kills count for points, if u have more ships u can cap the point instead of having to kill all enemies.Flamethrowers.Playing with flamethrowers...UPDATE 1.4.1: Flamer nerf+Extinguisher buff+Carronade nerf, not frustrating anymore.Analogy using another game: FTL, but your crew are real people.Would I recommend: 11/10 would fly again, especially once you make some in-game friends.There is simply no where else to get Guns of Icarus Online's unique blend of teamwork, strategy, airship flying and crazy highlight moments."
76561198123419665,Recommended,209080,12590256,"Posted: 20 October, 2014",all,-Pyro-,"This game actually requires teamwork and communication, what were the developers thinking.10/10"
,Recommended,209080,10178071,"Posted: 20 May, 2014",all,💗Vaxi is back~!💗,"Guns of Icarus Online, is by far one of the most promising games I've seen in several months.The game takes place in a charming Steam Punk-ish, apparently post-nuclear world, where the few fractured remnants of the human race are battling for territory, and resources. The primary means of transportation over a barren, unforgiving world, littered with wrecks and ruins from an age long past, is by a type of Zepplin battleships, which are built out of spare parts and scraps from various wrecks found on the surface. The ones you experience in Guns of Icarus Online, are the military types, armed to the teeth with innovative, obviously home made weaponry, featuring lots of Gear wheels, and some greasy, messy technology.Gameplay:The Gameplay, as far as I've experience, are primarily a type of Death Match. In a 2v2 match, where two ships are paired against another pair, and a 3v3, same thing, but much more expansive and difficult combat.There are multiple ships to choose from, each with their own strengths and weaknesses...Small and light? Large and Heavy? Armed to the teeth? Favoring defense? Somewhere in between? It all depends on the specific captains style, which is where the really exciting part of this game comes in.This game is entirely unwinable without team work, and here's why:Each ship has a crew of 4 total players.The standard layout of a ship's crew is as follows:1 Sailor(Commander)This person is the Captain of the ship. He controls where the ship goes, at what speed, when, and how they attack, if they attack at all, and when its time to get the heck out. They also coordinate with other team captains to launch flank assaults. They order the rest of the crew, such as what parts of the ship needs repairs the most, and what guns should be manned in preparation for a broadside. The Commander is the backbone of the ship, and sports several utility/maneuvering abilities that can do everything from speed up the ship, to increase evasion and defenses(However, this wears on ship parts, and threatens to cripple the ship if used recklessly, demanding a Commander to be clever in his ability usage, to avoid stressing his crew)2 EngineersThe Engineer is the heart of the ship. Without engineers, the ship would rapidly become a floating heap of scrap metal, and fall apart within a few volleys of enemy fire. An engineer is the only means to which a ship can take a gigantic beating, and still remain functional. They also sport the ability to put out fires, and buffing the equipment temporarily to give defense boosts, minor speed boosts, and damage increase, depending on the parts they buff. An engineer needs to keep an incredibly cool head in a firefight, and always heed the call of his commander, lest he misses a vital repair on a ship part. Due to each part having a cooldown timer after being worked on, an engineer needs to be a professional 'schedule' keeper, and be able to keep a steady, constant rhythm to go from part to part to part, fixing them as required, and knowing when to break the schedule in favor of higher priority pieces(1 engine going out with 2 working, is not more important than a leaking balloon...Cause you drop to your death....)1 GunnerGunners are the tooth, claw, and nail of a ship. These battlehardened warriors of the clouds are the only means to laugh in the face of an enemy's fire and shoot back with a mighty old ""IS THAT ALL YE GOT!?"". They're hardened, vicious, merciless killers, who favor sitting down at a weapon station, and using their expert aim, and large arsenal of ammunition types, to unleash hell on their ship's enemies. A gunner's primary job is being entirely offensive, though they are equipped with a spanner in case their weapon should be destroyed, allowing them to atleast make it operational until an engineer comes around to bring it to full potential. A Gunner's best moment is when they know what ammo type to use in what situation, to out-damage their opponents with clever, innovative use of their chosen weaponry.These together, make a ship, and the most cordinated, best tactically skilled ship comes out on top. It is 4 players, being forced to corporate as 1, collective player, fighting against another behemoth of a collective of players. Imagine the Commander being the brain, and the engineers/gunners being arms, legs, etc.The game permits clans, even preset crews that you can join a match with, to create not just a single crew, but an entire navy, that you can take into battle.You are of course fully capable of customizing your character(Or your ship, should you wish to be captain!), choosing which gender, what hairstyle, what ethnicity, and what fashion statement you wish them to display; Are you a noble sailor of the high clouds? Favoring honor and good sportsmanship, who dresses in proper naval uniform and behaves like a true man/woman of the royal navy? Or are you a pirate, the scoundrel of the skies? Do you dress in rough leather, cover your face in masks, and sport threatening hairstyles, spiked helmets, and a Jolly Rodger? or something completely your own concept!? It is up to your own personality, and more items are added regularly, to both customize ship AND character as you wish! (Dyes(for characters) and paints(For ships) are available as well!)GraphicsThe graphics 'could' be better, but they are still very poweful, and are very demanding, even on the higher end rigs. My best advice, if you're having lag issues, is to turn off Post Processing, it increases your framerate dramatically, without losing too much fancy looks.Also, you'll lag when there's fire. Get used to it!CommunityThis game's community demands to be of a different caliber than your average MMO. Due to the high level of maturity, and ability to take orders, as well as the demand for being able to have an ability to take the game seriously when fighting starts, the players who are trolling/refuse to accept orders, or simply do poorly and decide to screw around rather than play the game, thereby ruining the fun for the others? These people don't last long, as griefing/trolling is considered extremely tabboo in this game. Due to this, the game's community sports a far higher number of reasonable, mature, adult individuals, who are courteous, and friendly.Developers:Muse has gained a new level of respect from me. They are engaging, and listen to the playerbase, without mindlessly giving into them. They have fun-loving, but still mature and talented employees, who consistently log ONTO the game, and permit people to not only hang out with them, but to even play the game with them! They are even offering events where you can test yourself against them for a chance to win free stuff, should you beat them!Progression:Progression in this game is quite strange. First of all...Levels? After level 4, levels no longer matter! Between level 1 and 3, you are a 'novice' player, which means some harder aspects of the game are turned off, to avoid you making progression impossible for you(Such as customizing weapon setups, and some harder to use ships). Upon reaching level 4 with ANY type of crew, be it sailor, gunner, OR engineer? These limits are lifted, and the game opens up its highest difficulty in all its splendor.However, after you exit Novice mode? Levels are no longer anything but a bragging rights number. There are no skill trees, which set you apart from others by building the 'best build' for whatever patch you play in. THere's no 'gear' that makes your ship better or worse than the other, depending on what they have equipped. The only means of 'progression' you have? Is your own skill, your own experience, your own capabilities. You rely ENTIRELY on -yourself-, not a 'talent tree' or 'hot bar' with 'specced skills'.This is all why, this game is worth it. Come play it with me, come serve me aboard my ship, and I'll see if you're worthy of serving under me ;3"
,Recommended,209080,13485112,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,ramjamslam,"How could I possibly summarise over 2000 hours of gameplay into a review?  I think it's the teamwork aspect that creates the social aspect of this game that doesn't exist anywhere else along with the depth in strategy created by the ship designs that keep this game fresh.  Also, the mine launcher.I'll try to remember to update this review when I hit 3000 hours."
76561198079246920,Recommended,209080,8708760,"Posted: 14 January, 2014",all,orange lightning,if this was a potato it would be a good potato.
76561198043082048,Recommended,209080,8645874,"Posted: 10 January, 2014",all,Tyberius,"A truly great concept for a game, lots of content, gameplay heavily based on co-operation between each player, regular updates with even more content, devs interacting with their player base on the global chat, suggestions and feedback really matter, friendly community with lots of lil' helpers. Despite it being a quite niche project thing for now, it's a great alternative to the current video-games market *cough*callofduty*cough*11.24.2016 EDITA lot has changed since I posted my review - the game got even more content, a lot of gameplay aspects received polishing and now a whole new Mode is about to be released. I don't play as much anymore, but can definitely recommend it if you like steampunk and communication."
,Recommended,209080,7756063,"Posted: 25 November, 2013",all,purrsneakitty.,"Especially as female gamer in a voice chat centered game, I was scared ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥.I usually played games where I could avoid being identified as a woman, obviously, because video games are still a very hostile environment for a female identified creature.Guns of Icarus surprised me.Maybe because it's a team effort game.Maybe because valuable exchange of information and getting along is the only way to make any progress at in GoIO all.Maybe because the developers are actively engaging with us constantly.Or maybe because it's hard to single people out, since everything stays a group effort or a collective failure.This game has been proven over and over again, to be about teamwork and helping each other out.Never have I seen a community welcome beginners so warmly, teaching newcomers is almost exciting to us. I have seen experienced players leave a full lobby, just to show a new player the ropes in the Practice Match (called Sandbox), and I am very proud to admit to be one of them.If you are gonna start this game you are gonna make a lot of friends.That's not a warning. That's a treat!If you are a fellow female gamer, new to this game, feel free to add me and I'll introduce you to the other Girls of Icarus :D"
,Recommended,209080,8253256,"Posted: 24 December, 2013",all,The Slothful Existentialist,"Guns of Icarus Online is a different type of FPS. It is warfare in the sky between ships that resemble pirate ships (somewhat). Ships battling other ships, all being held up by hot air balloons. Steampunk at its' rawest.Let's summerize the classes:-------First: The Gunner, the one who operates the main offensive guns on the ship.-------Second: The Engineer, the one who goes around the whole ship repairing each part of the ship (Hull, Engines, Guns, Balloon, etc...).-------Third: The Pilot, the one who maneuvers the ship forwards/backwards up/down, and who usually captains the crew. (Though the pilot doesnt neccesarily need to be the captain; a gunner could be the captain telling the other players what to do, including the pilot).With all this being said, there are a few options for different types of gameplay. I prefer to be a gunner. But if you're the type who doesn't think they're very good at shooting accurately, there's the option of being an engineer or a pilot. Being an engineer is probably the most demanding job on the whole ship, which is why there's usually one Pilot, two Engineers, and one Gunner. Most of the friends I regularly play with prefer to be engineers, they are never idle, always doing something (unless the ship isn't engaged in battle and is fully repaired).If you do not like the stress of having to run around in first-person/third-person keeping everything in good condition, or if you don't like having to have the burden of being the one who HAS to take down that other ship before it takes your ship down, then you're probably going to choose the pilot.The Pilot is in control of a lot during battle, he has to keep the ship in the right position for The Gunner to be able to turn the guns enough that the other ship is within range, but he also has to move around in a way that makes it hard for the other ship to shoot at you. Personally, if I didn't mainly play a gunner I would probably play the pilot. Being in control of the ship is really cool, and fun, very fun (and hard as hell).The gamplay is pretty amazing to say the least. The three-dimensional battlegrounds make for very interesting use of the Unity Engine. The crews are made up of four. Games can be score based or time based, with different modes (King of the Hill, Crazy King, Deathmatch). Battles consist of Team Red and Team Blue, and go from 1 ship vs 1 ship to 4 ships vs 4. That's 32 players.So if you enjoy a variation from the mainstream/generic FPS, one that involves a warm online community that is friendly and active and willing to teach, and if you enjoy interacting with real people across the world through your mic, this is definitely a game for you.Just go buy it. Right now, you will not be dissapointed, there's something in here for everyone."
76561197994613030,Recommended,209080,1552614,"Posted: 8 August, 2013",all,Shadow88,"Ignore the Metacritic scores - most of those reviews were based on the beta, not the finished product.The game has a bit of a learning curve and random pub-games might not be much fun, but most of this comes down to communication - communication isvitalin this!  The pilot needs to know when the gunner doesn't have a clear shot, engineers need to be alerted to critically-damaged sections of your ship and everyone needs to let everyone else know where the enemy is.Once you get past that; the game is a sheer blast to play!  Hammering an enemy vessel with rockets and seeing his engines and balloon fail, knowing that he'll be dead in the air until his engineers fix everything and giving you a chance to reload and come around for another pass.  The whole team frantically trying to keep the engines and balloon running as the pilot tries to get you the hell out of dodge.  An excuse to shout things like ""Enemy off the port bow!"" in accents and with overacting that would make BRIAN BLESSED seem sedate!  What's not to love?"
,Recommended,209080,12945160,"Posted: 14 November, 2014",all,Tony Tortellini,It's like Pirates of the Carribbean but with russians and guns.
,Recommended,209080,7446709,"Posted: 21 October, 2013",all,Knight Relyks,"The most teamwork oriented game ever created, fly, fix, or fight, your way to victory aboard several varied airships as a Pilot, Engineer, or Gunner class. Each with their own uses but all needed working in synergy to win. Not to mention the outstanding community and the fact that the Devs take an active part in things also.Pretty much Mic required, since good communication is a must."
76561197984801735,Recommended,209080,12953619,"Posted: 15 November, 2014",all,AkuTheFinn,Metacritic score can suck it. This game is great.
,Recommended,209080,14082711,"Posted: 20 January, 2015",all,philosophercat,"Pros:+ Almost everyone in the player community is completely mad in a delightful way.+ There's a steep learning curve but once you get the hang of something (a ship, gun, ammo type, role etc) it feels great.+ The soundtrack is subtle and atmospheric.+ Lots and lots of customisation for ship and crew loadouts.+ Teamwork really is the core of this game.Meh:= While there are a variety of maps, they quickly become repetitive.= The game modes also become repetitive, although this is mitigated greatly by the variety of loadouts. I've seen users band together to improve this by creating their own rules such as escort missions (agreeing beforehand that the loser will surrender). Hopefully the new Adventure mode will remedy some of this.= The lobbies can take awhile to fill. This is getting better, though.Cons:- Lag spikes are a problem, especially when your ship is an inferno. OTOH, you can use this to your advantage by setting other ships on fire (Captain: ""Quick! Reduce their framerate!"")- Very very rarely you run into the type of player who thinks they literally are an airship admiral and cuss out their crew accordingly."
76561197964196642,Recommended,209080,12582196,"Posted: 20 October, 2014",all,Dimometer,"GoIO is one of the few games to actually understand what teamwork is. You play as part of an airships crew, where each member of the crew have their own abilities and specializations, this requires constructive communication rather than the usual standard for ""multiplayer games"" of lexicological abhorrence."
76561198038622248,Recommended,209080,12666663,"Posted: 28 October, 2014",all,[♫] Kamoba,"Where to begin?! Well lets start with, this game isPvP orientated, but, levels meannothing, just how much experience you have, the kit everyone has access to is all the same, it's just how well you use it that counts!The biggest part of using your kit, is team work!Each ship can have a crew of 4 people, Pilot who is often the captain and three crew members (2 engineers and a gunner) and its the crews job to keep that ship up, Voice comms is pretty much a must, unless you're an awesome typist or learn the ingame key bindings! Then there is the added bonus, team captains can communicate in battle, allowing for battle tactics to be planned out!This means more ofen than not, clans will dominate the game due to using the same tactics, discussed before the battle. There is no OP weapon or OP ship, just Team work and good communications! If someone is dieing too quick, someone was doing something wrong, or people were not communicating well! Remember, too much communication can be a bad thing too sometimes! :)Thebestpart of it all, the community is mostly awesome guys and girls with very few bad eggs. Often the bad eggs are solo players who don't like to play their part, or want all the credit and as you can imagine, they'll not get far in this game! :oMy personal experience in this game, I started as an engineer as it's often needed and reletively easy to pick up, but during one battle our ship captain went afk so I took the helm while our main engineer gave me an emergency flight school, in the middle of a fire fight! The fight was tough, tensions were high on all our team as I learnt my way around the helm of someone elses ship, but in the end, we succeeded! We played two more rounds together that night and now, thanks to that one guy, I have about 8 people who request me to pilot ships for them and their friends to be the final componant of a good crew! Last night by request to be a pilot of the crew and we had a 7 match win streak out of 8 matches! A captain is nothing without his crew, so don't treat 'em mean!The gameplay mechanics take a bit of learning! Read through the tutorials carefully and don't be scared to let your crew know you're new and may needs tips when you come to join fights! You'll be surprised how many people will go out of their way to teach new players how to do well!Would I recommend this game?Why are you not playing it already?!Stop twiddling those thumbs lad! There's a war to be won! Pack your goggles and bow-tie, Pick up that spanner, hammer and spyglass! It's time for some adventures! Tales of daring do! Tally Ho!Additional Note: Still playing after nearly 900 hours and still thoroughly enjoying it!"
76561198102976511,Recommended,209080,20923691,"Posted: 2 February, 2016",all,OverlordEgg,"Your armor drops, health soon to go fast. Engineers desperately clamor to rebuild what they can to buy every second of life they can squeeze out of their wrenches. Gunner twitches anxiously for the enemy's armor to drop to unload that blessed lochnagar heavy flak. Looks like he'll be waiting a while longer. Pilot's dodging what he can, ducking and diving between buildings hoping for an escape, but the foe's just too persistent. Things are dire now. Seconds left to say your prayers at best.Then the hwacha hits. A steady stream of brilliant explosive rockets slams your pursuer's guns and engines with the only kind of divine retribution 24 explosive rounds understand: The good kind. You don't know where your ally came from, and right now you couldn't care less. You've found your opening.Engineers to the spare gatling guns, topping off the hull can wait. Ally turns his side to lend a gatling gun of his own. Doesn't take more than a second for the once-ruthless pursuer's armor to drop. Gunner's patience finally pays off as he fires his lochnagar-loaded heavy flak. The second it takes that round to fly to its target might as well have been an eternity. Boom. One shot square in the unprotected hull and the ship crumbles. Job's not over yet, though.One enemy left, lamenting his ally's over-extended pursuit. Your prayers were answered. Let's see about his."
,Recommended,209080,9163432,"Posted: 17 February, 2014",all,Zuka,"'Tis a fantastic game with an insanely fun community. It earned a place close to my soul in a matter of hours. A full year later and the people of GoIO have become a family, and I personally welcome you to join us! Come do battle with us as we combat our foes, forge new friendships and blast our way to glory. To the skies!"
,Recommended,209080,10978387,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,Spigge,"Ahoy there Ladies and Gentlemen!Captain Spigge here, making his review of this marvellous game!“Let me just find some biscuits and tea and we can get right into it… oh bugger where did I put the bloody thing… oh my! I’m sorry here it is *picks up the kettle... looks around, pours a little rum in there*. Now then!”Are you a trigger happy maniac who likes to shoot anything that flies? (Yes I mean that terribly annoying fly in your room right now) Then this game is for you!Or perhaps you like to imagine yourself as the finest engineer that Luftwaffe only could have dreamt of having under their employ? (There really isn't much skill to it, just hit it with the hammer until your ears go deaf) Then this game is for you!Or… … might you be one of those who doubt captain Spigge's flawless *hick* steering of his mighty ship *hick* The Toddler!? THEN I CHALLENGE YOU… PEASANT! TO A DUEL IN THE SKY!Some even finds it amusing to steal *hick* their captain's rum, YOU UNGRATEFUL ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥S!I WILL FIND YOU AND MAKE YOU WALK THE PLANK!Anyhow, I can only recommend this game from the bottom of my heart.Yours Truly,Captain Spigge"
76561198079319681,Recommended,209080,32178963,Posted: 4 June,all,Freja,"If you have friends to play offten with this is a good game to try out and play.  it has great co-op and awesome PvP to boot.  Be a Couragous Pilot, Deturmined Gunner, or a Paniced Engineer, all together you can (maybe) keep this ship alive!the sad part of this game is the lack of players now a days, as an MMO it has an average of 100 people on at all times but with a little help this game will come back from the dead just like other games have!"
76561198074378744,Recommended,209080,13468886,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,Allen Gamble,"Fumbled through the tutorial, joined a game, didn't know what was happening, captain didn't have a mic, died.Joined a game, didn't know what was happening, captain didn't have a mic, died.Joined a game, didn't know what was happening, captain didn't have a mic, died.Joined a game, didn't know what was happening, captain had a mic, was enlightened.Joined a game, played as captain, won 5-0.11/10 Would pwn the mic-less again"
,Recommended,209080,7602591,"Posted: 8 November, 2013",all,Doddle Winkle Bath,"OK. im not even going to try and explain why this is good. just look at it. LOOK AT IT. multiplier team death match in four player controlled air ships. ♥♥♥♥ing air ships. this game is one of the most enjoyable multiplier games i have ever played. if you think you can just pick it up and go with out having to really talk to any one, good luck with that. this game takes a lot of communication but the community is so good that it doesn't even matter. so pick this game up, grab some friends, and rule the sky's. also the single player is coming and when its here, this may be one of my favorite games on steam."
76561198105173910,Recommended,209080,12701507,"Posted: 30 October, 2014",all,Beast of the Middle East,"Put all flamethrowers on a ship, and called it the Jew Burner. Got banned for 7 days. 9/11"
,Recommended,209080,13819667,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,dontdeadopeninside,"Floating warships duking it out in the skies of an apocolyptic wasteland. All in awesome steampunk fashion!4 man crews, 7 different ships, 17(ever expanding) weapons to outfit them.Flamethrowers and mortars and mines, oh my! Ships that range from hulky Galleon tanks, to fast and nimble Squids. Come in loud and proud, or pester the enemy to death. There's a good variety to have fun with.A simple concept, it's easy to learn but hard to master. It's class based: pilot/engineer/gunner.Ships have predefined weapon placements, but you're free to select what weapons to fit(depending on if its a heavy or light weapons spot).-Pilots do nothing but fly and bark orders! :D-An Engineers job consists of repairing/rebuilding/extinguishing fires/upgrading components, and sometimes spotting hostiles.-The Gunners class is self-explanatory, but will often overlap with Engineers duty. But, it's unique because youre allowed to choose 3 different ammo types, which can be invaluable if you learn how to use them.+Now all classes have stamina that give them unique abiities!There are several components aboard evey ship; balloons, engines, weapons, and the hull. They can all be damaged and destroyed by an enemy. You learn what parts are priorities, or when you need to shoot instead of repair. It's very important to know what weapon and ammo type to use at any given time. This is the skill of the game, this will all ultimately decide the fate of a battle.When it all works out, it's an experience that leaves you feeling satisfied.The weapons are all fantastic and totally diverse. Some will trade off raw power to be better equipped at taking out certain components, so you have to feel them out and equip your ship accordingly.There is almost nothing more gratifying than hosing down an enemy ship with flamethrowers and just watching them BUUUURRRNNN!Although, seeing an enemies futilile attempt at burning yours after youve chem-sprayed, is even more rewarding... The Hwacha in particuliar is pretty frikken awesome too ; ) The weapons are just flat-outfunto use. Which is great, because that's what the whole game revolves around - shooting down your enemy.Cooperation is crucial, however, not always necessary if you have a competent crew. Coordination is also key.If you can get together some friends, it can make for some incredibly fun battles, some of the best you can have online imo. I mean, who doesnt like being the crew of a well-oiled killing machine!? The game is very balanced, and the only thing that is OP is communication.Graphics arent too great, sometimes they're kinda lackluster. The audio is pretty well done, with just some minor gripes here and there. All-in-all, for $3 it's a fkn steal. I never pay full price, but this game is worth a lot more than a few dollars.If you havent tried it, DO IT! everyone at least likes it for a little while.If you havent played in a while, come back and see the new changes. Theyve added a lot!Now with steam workshop!!"
76561198083237975,Recommended,209080,17850623,"Posted: 2 September, 2015",all,Admiral Obvious,"This game is one like none other. It features dynamic aerial combat, stunning graphics, a tight nit, friendly community and entertaining gameplay all in one package. It is a game that draws players from every corner of the gaming community, and gives them the experience they have been looking for. Guns of Icarus Online is backed by a driven developer team who strive to see this game grow for the sake of entertaining the common gamer. It is easy to fall in love with this game, and hard to leave. To all those who brave the battle-laden skies of Guns Of Icarus, I wish to you fair winds, and clear skies."
,Recommended,209080,10145305,"Posted: 17 May, 2014",all,Hybrinoid,"""Dylan, why is the ship on fire?""""It seemed like a good idea at the time...""10/10"
,Recommended,209080,12493309,"Posted: 14 October, 2014",all,Acejhm,"This is one of the most fun team based games I've played.  With only 4 players per team communication is key.  It may seem, at first glance, to be strictly a shoot-em-up in a gunship, but there is a lot of in-depth strategy under the hood, especially in higher level matches.  One of my favorite things about this game (other than pulverizing enemies and scrambling around a dying ship trying to sqeeuze out another breath of life from her) is the community.  It's one of the best I've seen!"
,Recommended,209080,13939336,"Posted: 11 January, 2015",all,elohim_essaim,"You know how an Italian chef kisses his fingers and says something in Italian that translates to ""A masterpiece"" after tasting their own dish? That's how I feel about this game."
76561198048587276,Recommended,209080,15898279,"Posted: 19 May, 2015",all,รкг๏๏ℓ๏๏รε,"Guns of Icarus is a game I'd label as ""crewed vehicular combat"" with a steampunk theme. A crew of players on an airship with many other crews on other airships of both friend and foe. You fight with various manned guns placed on the ship; damaging the enemys' guns, engines, balloon, hull and armor while keeping your own repaired when you can.There's strategy, there's teamwork, there's action. Most of all it's a fresh idea! Don't get me wrong I have nothing against other shooters, but this game does something new;something new is incredibly more worthwhile then another game of something that's already been made when it's good.Sadly this game is on a list of games that's amazing and deserves a lot of attention from many but just doesn't get it. It manages about 300 players at peak times on a weekend right now. While the game is loaded with clans eager to include you to their fleet the game doesn't offer much for the casual player.The lobby in this game is more than a bit sluggish if I'm honest. Everyone can see everyone else's ship and weapon loadouts. So both sides constantly change their loadouts to be the counter to the opponent's loadout. So it's like watching people play ""Paper Rock Scissors"" but they're allowed to change their decisions and see what the opponent is using. ...for literally ten minutes I usually wait on the captains over this - usually only stopping because the room ran out of time. This is really the only thing I find glaring about this game; the lobby.There's been word for a while about this game getting a Coop and adventure mode. While it isn't out yet that does sound like something that'll get a heavy activity boost. I can't say much about that though other than I'm eager to see it."
76561198001174431,Recommended,209080,12376052,"Posted: 5 October, 2014",all,"Vaati, who sold you a flatcap","'why is the enemy ship still alive''because everyone is repairing the hull'I love this game6th marchNow onto the serious bit of the review.Guns of icarus online is a team based fps/strategy game in which you will fill out a role out of a gunner which has the ability to carry more ammo types for guns and one repair and pilot item, an engineer who can bring three repair items and an ammo type and a pilot item, and then the pilot who can bring three pilot items and one repair and a ammo type (like a pilot will ever use a gun though) and then do battle with your loadout.Gameplay.Gameplay in guns of icarus is really dependant on your role, if your an engineer you will spend most of your time repairing damaged parts of the ship like the hull, guns and engines and fill out time between that manning the smaller guns of the ship, if your the gunner you will be most of the time using heavy weaponry to bring down a ship with special ammo types like lesmok for increased range or charged for heavy damage, where as the pilot of the ship will be responsable for the majority since he/she will be flying the ship and have to give the gunner good shots and minimise damage to help the engineer(s) manage repairs. on each ship there will be four crew members, more often then not the layout will be two engineers and a gunner with pilot but sometimes there will be differances. While there are three base classes the community has made subclasses like the gunineer which is a engineer that uses guns more then repairs or the metamidion which is a pyramidon that is designed to kill ships increadibly quickly with a chaingun and mortor combo.Character and ship customisationOnce you start the game up you wont have much in terms of customisation of your appeal but you can unlock most of it by playing classes and ranking them up to unlock pieces for free, while you can buy most of these with real life money from what i'v seen most items can be unlocked in time, in terms of ship though you have the same issue only from what i'v seen so far no ship customisation item can be unlocked for free. i want to also make this point clear, everything ingame that you unlock are purely cosmetic.the communityThe guns of icarus community is by far one of my favorites, will many great clans for both the competitive and casual gamer, I have fond memorys of a certain clan where i met so many awesome people, the GOIO community is by far one of the best communities i have ever seen in gaming.Game mode varityAs it stands theres only the standard team death match where your team has to get a certain amount of kills before, a king of the hill mode where you have to capture a point and hold it to get points killing ships also gets points for your team and a crazy king mode where the capture point is constantly moving. though i mainly play deathmatch i have never had a game that left me bored and wanting more. i always stopped playing this game satisfied.ConclusionGuns of icarus is a really great game, the community will always welcome new players and not berate you for making mistakes and finding a clan that suits your style of play even if your a competitive player or looking for a little bit of fun in your spare time. for now i'll leave with this closing remark, Munkers are so much fun"
,Recommended,209080,15867398,"Posted: 17 May, 2015",all,Herostar~Corrupt,"My first experience, in One session:I went through all the tutorial stuff first, And I found the concepts to be very simple.I decorated my character to how I pleased with what I had.After that, it was gametime. I had a friend introduce me into the ship types and gun types, as well as what each class would do at all times. We joined an online game, and was put with 2 other people- A gunner and a Pilot.The ship was a Squid. We had a flamer and gattling, and Frankly, that was all we needed.The pilot Blew at his job... So I jacked the wheel. The control was so easy to finesse, to turn and raise was elegant, timely, and gave me plenty of time and ability to work with my gunners' needs. my friend managed the engines, hull, and balloon like a beast, and the pilot was upset I upstaged him (By far.)After that, I found another pilot, my friend left after another game, and I was on my own with this Pilot, a badass gunner, and a random second engineer.We lost 2, won 5.And it was, without a doubt, the most fun and enjoyment I have ever had from an online, player to player combat experience.I would recommend, No, I would Require, everyone I know, to at least learn of this game at one point in their lifetime."
76561198010951974,Recommended,209080,23551361,"Posted: 14 June, 2016",all,メＸｉｐｓｔｅｒメ,"I have to admitt I'm always very skeptic about multiplayer games that rely on cooperation that much. This game has proven that teamwork is not about shouting at other people while doing all the work together. Teamwork is a pure pleasure of seeing how communication, trust and loyality work together, giving visble results in a form of spectacular explosions on the enemy's airship.The key factor and the biggest plus of that game is it's community. Even if I was doing something completely wrong, or when I accidentally rammmed the ship of our allies, I was surprised by the way people react. Usually I meet with friendly advices from better players, or laugh from my fellow newbies.Basically, the only situation when I saw (or rather heard) someone flaming someone was when the crewmate did whatever he wanted, didn't response to any communications or direct orders. If you want to play as one-man-army, this game is really not for you.Does the game have any minuses? Of course it does. Small number of players is the biggest one. Small number means inequality, and sometimes you might find yourelf facing a ship of well played elite, from which you can't do much.Actually, that's not really true, becouse you can always train more, become better, and knock them off with your superiority, but you get the point.Some people also listed out small number of airships and weapons. I'm not playing that game for long, so I can't tell, but what I saw so far, is enough to provide a lot of diversity and every play is sortof different.Plus, Devs are working on the new update with planes and more ammo, so I think we're gonna have to put that point away soon.Overall, the game is really fun, and with good team you can work miracles.With friendly community that provides good teammates even if noone of your steam-friends play this game, I highly recommend Guns of Icarus Online.Feel free to invite Clockeye to your crew.Fly High friends!"
,Recommended,209080,12435460,"Posted: 10 October, 2014",all,m0s,"Steampunk. Zeppelins. Guns. Cooperate. One of the most original and enjoyable online multiplayer games out there. Being a crew in one of the Guns of Icarus ships is definitely fun.Community is generally friendly and helpful, most likely because most players are above average age for online multiplayer games (e.g. LoL, DOTA...).One of the best games I've played recently."
,Recommended,209080,18012862,"Posted: 13 September, 2015",all,HINK,We've won an Underdog match versus lvl 45 Galleon+Goldfish with lvl 2-8 team Junker+Pyramidion.Teamwork. Teamwork is everything.
76561198040361266,Recommended,209080,24402406,"Posted: 18 July, 2016",all,Tuor,"This is the best co-op experience I have ever had.  In this game, you are on a steampunk airship with three other people and you have to work together to stay alive as well as take down other airships that want to permanently ground you.  This game rewards coordination and cooperation not just with the crew of the ship you are on but also, if you are the captain of the ship, with the other ships on your team.Outside of the game or while you’re waiting for a lobby to fill up, you will have plenty of things to do while you wait like check your achievement progress, build and customize the ship you will bring if you are in the position of ship captain, and customize your character with a steadily growing list of things that you unlock.On the ship you can be one of three classes that each have a job on the ship.  You can have at least one piece of equipment from each class and technically you can do any of the other jobs if the situation calls for it but everyone brings three pieces of equipment from their own class that makes them better at that job.The engineer makes sure your ship stays in one piece an in the air.  You primarily repair damaged or destroyed parts and put out fires using a variety of tools at your disposal.  You also have the ability to sprint for a short time to quickly get to that pesky hull that just went down again.The gunner brings the pain to enemy ships.  They can bring three types of ammunition that each have their own ups and downs that benefit different types of guns.  You also can quickly reload a weapon you’re on.The pilot, which is normally the captain, navigates the ship through the map, lines up the gunner’s shots, and moves to try to give your engineers enough time to repair the damage you have inevitably taken.  They can bring special charms and tools to perform special maneuvers such as quick turns or smoke clouds even though most of them tend to damage the ship in some way they can really give your ship the extra edge.There are a few things you should know about this game though.First off it has a very steep learning curve.  The tutorial gives you the basic controls but there are so many tools, guns, and ships that figuring everything out is a real challenge for new players so asking for help and directions early on is a good thing to do.Second you are probably going to want a microphone.  While you can play without it, not having it severely handicaps you and your ability to coordinate with other captains and crew.Finally, as of this review, the number of people playing this game is really small.  It’s such a problem that I would suggest using this site (http://steamcharts.com/app/209080) so you can play it when there are a fair number of people playing. (about 150 finds me a game and it’s easier if you play with friends).Overall, if you are looking for a real original and great co-op experience to play with friends or with others in a small community then this is definitely something to pick up."
,Recommended,209080,13651441,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,美理,"DID YOU EVER WANT TO BE A STEAMPUNK MAN WITH A FLYING BOATDID YOU EVER WANT TO HAVE WIND IN YOUR HAIR, SUSPENSE AS YOU FLY THROUGH THE CLOUDSDID YOUR PARENTS EVER TELL YOU YOULL NEVER AMOUNT TO ANYTHING AND YOU CRIED YOURSELF TO SLEEP BECAUSE YOU COULDNT PROVE THEM WRONGTHIS IS THE GAME FOR YOUYOU ♥♥♥♥ING GO CLANGCLANGCLANG AS AN ENGINEER, PEWPEWPEW AS A GUNNER AND AYYY MATEY WE'S GOING TO TREASURE PLANET J/K ♥♥♥♥ING GET ON THOSE GUNS YOU ♥♥♥♥♥ AS A CAPTAINITS SO ♥♥♥♥ING GOOD, YOU ARE FLYING TO TREASURE PLANET ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥, BUT YOU GOTTA TAKE DOWN THEM ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥HOES TRYING TO STOP YOU. ARE YOU GONNA LET THEM? ♥♥♥♥ NO.BUY THIS GAME AND HAVE THE MOST AMAZING ♥♥♥♥ING MULTIPLAYER FUNTIME OF INTENSITY CLANKING AND STEAMPUNK SINCE FOREVERI CAME"
,Recommended,209080,25599352,"Posted: 20 September, 2016",all,Dank Гангут Memes,"While I do recommend the game, it is not as active as it once was two years ago. Server population hovers below the 100 mark, and you will be lucky to get a full lobby. New players get decimated due to the fact the only people they meet are veterans who have been playing for years. Highly enjoyable when playing with friends. Guns of Icarus has friendly devs and a great community of about 8 people.9/10 wish people actually played this game."
,Recommended,209080,12419353,"Posted: 8 October, 2014",all,Tryhardosaurus Rekt,Pretty good game with damn good community but best played with friends.It deserves the overwhelmingly positive reviews it has!
,Recommended,209080,26594641,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,Squidbarrel,"Criminally underrated game, with, frankly, the most open community I've ever encountered in a video game.It's not perfect, but far worth it's small price tag."
,Recommended,209080,16093349,"Posted: 31 May, 2015",all,Dr. Anonymous,"Like guns?Grab itLike flying ships of death?Grab itLike dicking around in lobbies with friends while you wait for the game to start?Grab itLike being a 9yr old CoD scrublord?Stay away10/10 ign- ""It didn't make me puke!"""
76561198067674592,Recommended,209080,14071397,"Posted: 19 January, 2015",all,Thatbrownmonster,"In this game you can select from a 3 amazing classes:Engineer:''This captain sucks,he dosen't even know how to drive...''Pilot:''This crew sucks,they don't even know how to fix the ship...''Gunner:''This pilot and engineers suck,they don't even know how to drive or repair....''11/10Would play with friends again"
,Not Recommended,209080,31547198,Posted: 4 May,all,Kariu,Greedy developers release a feature promised in the crowdfunding campaign as a $20 DLC.
,Recommended,209080,32209227,Posted: 5 June,all,Driango,"It can be fun, assuming you work as a team, and coordinate as such. Best when with freinds."
76561198080251316,Recommended,209080,23495780,"Posted: 10 June, 2016",all,-Dalinar,"This is a truly amazing game that lacks the attention it deserves!A game where real synergy - through communication, cooperation, delagation and leadership - are the only means for victory, on the ship and on the overall battlefield.The game brings brilliant graphics in the successful designs of each ship and map. An assortment of ships and guns that suit any crew's style. And a quick and smooth fluidity that will make one forgot that it's all just a computer game.It is definately a title that must jump into VR!I recommend everybody to try this game at least once. That will be enough to show the reality of joining a crew.There is no 'I' in the word 'team'. And this game will demonstrate just that.So choose your role in the crew and help your shipmates rule the skies!"
,Not Recommended,209080,28145970,"Posted: 2 December, 2016",all,[TB] Byron,"Guns of Icarus. It could have been a great game, it was once upon a time.Don't get me wrong, Guns of Icarus is an absolute treat for anyone who loves steampunk and airships, and it portrays those themes well. So, there's that.The majority of the development team behind Guns of Icarus are some of the nicest people I have talked to. Despite the flaws in and around Guns of Icarus, they remain top notch humans.Guns of Icarus is a prime example of a game with a ton of potentional, and a unique, thriving community that was squandered by the development team- MUSE. Unfortunately MUSE was not able to understand the magic that made this game so great for a long time. Therefore, Guns of Icarus was never cultivated, or given room to grow, into something greater than its origin.A PvP game needs a few things to grow, or simply to survive. The most important factor in a PvP game is a healthy community. Without players, there is no PvP, and thus no game. It needs exciting, new content on a regular basis to keep that community interested and coming back for more. It needs a healthy, and popular competitive scene. And it needs constant, observant and thoughtful balance maintenance. These factors are like the sides of a pyramid, and a PvP game needs all three working to survive. Guns of Icarus has paid attention to one, sometimes two of these sides, but never at the same time and never consistently enough to matter.It is a curiosity to me that the same team company could make a game as brilliant as Guns of Icarus was (at its release), and then contribute so much greatly to its fall, so far from it's lofty perch. Unfortunately this amateur team of developers never learned from their mistakes, never listened to feedback, and we have all paid the price for it. Guns of Icarus is laying in the shadow of its former glory and potentional."
76561198038545010,Recommended,209080,20721793,"Posted: 24 January, 2016",all,The Bad Who Sold The World,"1) Got the game2) Got in few games and learned how to be a Captain3) Enjoyed good company4) Lost a game because my crew members got in a discussion about differences between English English and American English5) Learned a new recipe from my main engineer.6) Beat a devoloper with 5000 matches.7) Lost myself and screamed my crew, got regret and throw myself out of the ship. I keep played as an Engineer for the rest of the game as a punishment.10/10 Best game and community on Steam without Doubts."
76561198067449757,Not Recommended,209080,34161885,Posted: 10 August,all,b2zfro,"I used to LOVE this game. Team steampunk airship battles was a theme for a game I wanted more than anything else, and, for a long time, this game didn't disappoint. Unfortunately, though, two major, major problems have mostly ruined this game for me:1 - Too much extra content added!While ""too much content"" seems a weird complaint, it's valid in this case. A year or two ago when I played it regualry, the game was great. Not perfect, but it everything was decently balanced, the game was fun, easy to get into, etc.. A crisp clean awesome flying shooty steampunky experience! Since then, the developers have added SO much extra crap. With the addition of the Alliances thing, where you have this odd faction-based teritory management mini-game stapled onto the regular game... it just weighs it down and makes the experience needlessly complicated. The game just feels so.... cluttered, now.2 - The game is dead.Nobody plays this game anymore. Even in its heyday, there were only an average of 250 players  online at any given time (may sound like a lot, but it isn't. Matches would take forever to start because waiting for enough players to que up took so long}. Now, it's more like, 50 players. Total. Which is really sad. I assume this is due, in part, to point #1.Anyway, it seems like the devs keep trying to come up with more and more new♥♥♥♥♥♥to add, trying to reanimate this dry corpse of a game. For me personally, this just makes the experience even more foriegn and unappealing. If they bring the game back to its roots, and get rid of all the extras that have been tacked on, it'll be much more fun, and hopeflly, will make a comeback. Until then, I'll only be logging in once in a blue moon to check if it doesn't suck anymore."
,Recommended,209080,23561015,"Posted: 14 June, 2016",all,SKChino,"Not many people play guns of Icarus anymore because most of them are stuck to one genre. Some like fps, shooters, team based, and strategic games. Well this game is a mix of all of them. in guns of Icarus everyone has an important role and can be both competitive and just to have fun. 9/10"
76561197998898632,Recommended,209080,12516996,"Posted: 16 October, 2014",all,irecon,"Where to start? Well this game is stunning!! Probably one of the most unique ideas I have ever played in a video game Guns of Icarus Online throws you into another world unlike our own. You are stuck on an airship with a group of strangers and your sole duty is to keep the flying fortress flying as you soar through crimson skys. On board all 4 players have a role they must repair the ship, man the arsonal of guns, and steer the ship from objects and your enemies. All of these roles need to be performed in unison or the entire ship will go down. An almost fairy tale universe that is best brought to life by you and your friends."
,Recommended,209080,17291946,"Posted: 29 July, 2015",all,Guagadu,"Some people have a social life.Me? I have Guns of Icarus.Since I posted this review over a year ago, a lot has changed for me about this game, but one thing has remained constant. It is still my favorite game in my library, and favorite game on my computer. It still dominates my social life. If you are a fan of games where heavy teamwork is required, and are happy to communicate with teammates, this is a perfect game for you."
,Recommended,209080,22831222,"Posted: 6 May, 2016",all,Tarbuk,Came for steam-punk ship battlesStayed for the witty tip box
,Recommended,209080,10370494,"Posted: 6 June, 2014",all,Zeroni,"My whole life as a gamer I have not met a more friendly community than the one that follows Guns of Icarus Online. The players are mostly very mature and the ability to talk with them with microphone during the game brings the game to a new level. Admins and developers are also very friendly and regulary play with the players, talking to them and responding to every question they have.The game itself has a very nice steampunky feel and despite it having ""only"" 3 classes, there is no shortage of fun. There is a role for everyone, and the 3 available classes will keep you occupied for a long time.Each ship can be customized, every class can choose from a variety of tools to take into the game and once there, there is really no shortage of tactics involved. Will you be able to outsmart your opponents and be a superior crew because of your internal organisation?As far as the visuals go, game is made to be really pretty. Despite it having good and somewhat demanding graphics it is mostly totaly lag free and runs incredibly smooth. if your computer is a bit on the slow side, you can always try lowering the quality and removing some of the filters. The game very quickly made it into my favorite list and it is currently my most played game.Recommendation!"
,Recommended,209080,10145199,"Posted: 17 May, 2014",all,Mad Catter,"When I played my first match, and got my first kill, it was so satisfying! This game truly hold a ton of potential with its uniqe genre, would I reccomend it for HARDCORE GAMERS? No, biut for people looking for some fun? ABSOLUTELY!"
,Recommended,209080,22190580,"Posted: 1 April, 2016",all,Pechka Pechenka,"Before buying this game, I suggest you find a word ""cooperative"" in your dictionary.This is;the best game for truly cooperative players,a cramped game for players who misunderstand coop as just multi and play for getting achievements,a game to be tried to see your latent power (or to feel stress sometimes) for players who want to play seriously but have such achievement junk on the same ship.Understanding basics generates innovative, advanced tactics.----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------Coopが何たるか理解している人にとっては最高のゲーム、CoopをただのMultiと勘違いして実績獲得に走る人にとっては窮屈なゲーム、Coopしたいのに意に沿わない実績厨と組んでしまった人にとっては底力を試される（あるいはストレスを感じるだけの）ゲーム。"
76561198086133131,Recommended,209080,25378619,"Posted: 6 September, 2016",all,Schrapnell,One of the most fun and intense online gaming experiences iv had in a long time! Community is the best. Matches are really intense and fun! Fighting in a flying ships is pure awesomeness!
,Recommended,209080,1884434,"Posted: 29 July, 2013",all,Cootsy,"This has to be one of the most original games I've played in a while. Communication is really important on this and this game excels even Left 4 Dead in it's teamwork.There are tons of ships to command with tons of guns that each steer and fire completely differently depending on what you choose. Do NOT get this game if you don't have a mic, since (especially if you're steering) you need to be talking to the crew constantly.If you enjoy something new and completely original, get this game. And send me an invite."
,Recommended,209080,26509324,"Posted: 9 November, 2016",all,Brebera,"Recommend ? Ofcourse. Best ♥♥♥♥ing steampuk game available. Please BUY It, the community is growing smaller every day. It does not deserve to die. Great game."
,Recommended,209080,10271971,"Posted: 28 May, 2014",all,Kit Kat,This is the worst fire fighting simulator I have ever played.
,Recommended,209080,6556057,"Posted: 16 August, 2013",all,Zaxou,"One of the few games I've played where teamwork truley matters. Airship battles done right. Take to the skies and remember, if you play to have fun, you'll never be dissapointed."
,Recommended,209080,9902309,"Posted: 22 April, 2014",all,echo,Star Wars with baloons 10/10
76561198015132325,Recommended,209080,9157812,"Posted: 17 February, 2014",all,[G] Mark Abrams,"A teambased Game with a tough learning curve. its all about coordination.it may not something for everyone , in fact its polarising ... love it or hate it.hate the flaws or enjoy the evolution of the game.The Comunity is also very friendly .. well at least as long you are not flying in front of a gun i'm fireing ...."
76561198070078351,Recommended,209080,23105812,"Posted: 20 May, 2016",all,The Mediocre Mandalorian,"Quality game, great concept, near-perfect execution.Guns of Icarus Online is one of the greatest games I have ever played and has had me captivated from the very beginning. With the right ship and a crew you can depend on, you'll go far.Another thing I love about this game is how diverse the community is. I've played with other people from around the world with minimal lag and have tons of fun meeting people from Russia, Western Europe, and other places.10/10"
,Recommended,209080,25462222,"Posted: 11 September, 2016",all,Surtr,Better than no man's sky
,Recommended,209080,11940065,"Posted: 31 August, 2014",all,שלום,Jack Sparrow would be jealous.
,Recommended,209080,22732882,"Posted: 30 April, 2016",all,_Zeira_,"Strangely addicting game that takes alot of teamwork to have your ship run smoothly. I was a bit confused by all of the different voice and text chats when I first started playing but they are very helpful once you figure them out. There is a text chat for your ship crew, your team, and then the full lobby. You also have voice chat for the entire lobby or your crew. The community is generally nice. Id suggest adding people you enjoyed playing with as a friend pretty quickly so you can join games with people you know are reliable. Pretty easy to pick up the mechanics, and most people will try to help explain the game to you.People have joked that Guns should be called ""Game of Lobbies"". Yes the matchmaking can take a while, but the amount of active players seems to hover around 250 to 350."
76561198109999912,Recommended,209080,12603222,"Posted: 23 October, 2014",all,Blitz_Boi,"Heavy Carronade: 157.52Flamethrower with Lezmok: 89.95 +shipping and handling100 metric tonnes of Helium: 5.23/tonAll expert crew pretending to have no clue how to play this game and still winning: Priceless.There are some things money can't buy -oh who am I kidding, it got me this gem.11/10Would purchase again."
,Recommended,209080,29081405,Posted: 7 January,all,Hybrid,"Really great steampunk team based game. It's a tactical, strategic naval combat battle in the air with cool looking ships. Really unique/deep combat system which rewards the players for working together as a team. Need friends to group up and play to truly enjoy the game but when you it's an incredible time. Guns of Icarus is certainly worth picking up and giving a serious shot."
,Recommended,209080,22101294,"Posted: 28 March, 2016",all,BadassFreeman,"I purchased this game a megaton of time ago. Mostly two or so years back. However, back then my computer broke, had to reinstall everything, and I forgot about it. A few days ago I decided to reinstall it and get back to it, see how it stands out today. As usual, I will start with the negative parts of the game; thankfully, there's just two big complains:First and foremost, the community. Back then you could get matches instantly. That ain't happening anymore, as while you could find over 3000 players online, right now it barely reaches 300 at some peek hours, while usually sticking to 50 players online at others. That translates into long search times, and when you do find a game, it will most likely be from a far away country, giving you quite the amount of lag. An easy fix to this would be, for example, a free weekend with a big sale going along, although that might happen when the ""coop"" mode is actually made. However, that was being announced way before my computer broke and there's still no sign of that, so I wouldn't get my hopes up.The second problem there is, is the tutorials. They need some work. There's 4 little tutorials to help you understand basic controls and using the three different classes, however these tutorials are just singleplayer stages with a TON of white text appearing on your screen and fading away.   The worst part about it is when the text banishes before you could even finish reading it, and another block of information appears ahead of you. There's also the fact that new players don't need to unlock anything to play properly, which is nice, however levels rise up way too slow because they use achievements to track down your experience. It's a neat idea, but as with the tutorials it needs some work to improve, as a lot of the achievements are things like ""Play/Win X amount of games"", and with the current community THAT'S A REAL F#CKING GRINDFEST.However, leaving those problems aside, what's left is a really fun experience.What community is left, you can bet is nice. I haven't yet found A SINGLE #sshole, a SINGLE rude player who would blame it all on someone else. It's all about teamwork, it's a heavy team-based game and everyone has to do their part to stay alive. That translates into people treating eachother nice, and trying to keep the morale up.The gameplay itself is also a ton of fun: your captain picks up a ship and a loadout, and while his main job is to drive it properly and not crash into a mountain, the other 3 players (usually a gunner and two engineers) have to use the turret guns and keep all vital areas of the ship healthy enough. It's simple but with a ton of depth, and will get you hooked for more.The graphics and settings are also okay, going for a steam-punk style with tons of gears here and there, while the ships look amazing and the landscapes are quite big. I've only gotten frame-drops while inside sand-clouds, so that's a plus.The sound gets the job done. There's different voices you can pick for your character, you can speak to the microphone freely (gunners and engineers can speak to the rest of the crew of that ship, while Captains can also communicate with other captains of the team to coordinate), and there's also music... Although the music might get repetitive. It does seem to change arround how the battle goes, but you'll hear everything quite quick.Is the game worth it? I'd say, wait for a sale. Not because the price is high, but because there will be way more players when that happens.TL;DR Edition: Fun team-based game about being sky-pirates. However, barely has players left. Wait for a sale, as new players will go in."
,Recommended,209080,22308660,"Posted: 8 April, 2016",all,Darkovika,"How to Have Fun In This GameIt's not about winning. It's about your team. If you want to be a captain, but you're afraid you won't be any good, talk to your team. Let them know you're anxious or new. The community in this game never ceases to amaze me; just be serious about it, and others will respond. I'm not the greatest captain ever, yet somehow I managed to retain three Russian speaking teammates despite the inability to speak to each other, except for them to be able to say ""You are terrible captain"", to which we all laughed hysterically. The only English they knew and it was enough to tell me I sucked.Have fun. That's what it is. There will be matches you just always win; there will be matches you lose historically. You may level up, you may not; some people grind for levels, some people- like me- forget achievements exist and stay level 7 for two years.Also, this is a FANTASTIC game to livestream. Almost ALL of my best livestreams are because of this game. When you can announce to a match that you're livestreaming and the worst thing that happens is one guy squealing ""I'M FAMOUS"" and everyone else screaming in high pitched voices, you know it's a good community. And community is EVERYTHING with games like these."
76561198056130480,Recommended,209080,26577500,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,WaffleSpankz,"If you have any friends this is the best game you can play - Even if you are a lonely f**k like me you will still have fun!The only bad thing about this game is that it may take a little time to find a match, but im sure that will change when the new big expansion arrives.8.8/10"
76561198018326356,Recommended,209080,30130013,Posted: 23 February,all,Lowenly,"An amazing game that nobody plays, which hurts it because it's a team multiplayer game.  Guns of Icarus allows players to live out their steampunk fantasies as the crew of a combat dirigible, patrolling the skies in search of enemy airships like them.  The captain flies the ship, the gunners operate the turrets, and the engineers repair damage caused by enemy gunners.  However, there are not enough crew members to manage all parts of the ship, so players must constantly run here and there focusing only on what's essential at the moment.  This role-based crew-of-a-ship aspect really creates and emphasizes a great feeling of teamwork rarely found in multiplayer games, and each player's role makes them feel unique and essential to the team, rather than just another identical soldier in the army.The game offers many different  airships to choose from, each one with a different physical layout that changes how it must be repaired and how its guns can be aimed.  The visuals of the game are beautiful and appropriately full of rust and brass, and the music is a blend of classical orchestra melodies and wartime drum cadences fitting of the setting.  Online matchmaking is a complete loss, though:  due to low playerbase queue times are sporadic and balancing skill levels on the team is nigh impossible.The sum of the parts adds up to an amazing positive in Guns of Icarus all the same, so if you can bear struggling through long wait times to find a game, games half-full of AI crewmembers, or have enough friends to play together, the satisfaction of playing a a TRUE team game more than makes up for it."
,Recommended,209080,25686043,"Posted: 25 September, 2016",all,ничего не понимаю,Great LAN party game; simple but entertaining mechanics!
76561198054843081,Recommended,209080,10162716,"Posted: 18 May, 2014",all,JC,"First of all I would like to say this game is definitely worth it for its current sale price (£2.75) and is honestly some of the most multiplayer fun I've had with my friends. Overall the game is really original and there's nothing quite like it, all the airships control differently, the levelling system is really fair and interesting in how you level up on each class (engineer, pilot and gunner), the guns just feel awesome and the sweet feeling you get when you destroy an enemy ship is like none other.However, there is one major issue. The customization system look's like it came straight out of a F2P game, the fact that this game's original price is £11 and that they charge up to £2 for different clothes and stuff for your ship is just wrong. Luckily none of the 'extra' stuff actually affects how decent your ship or crew are, it's just very irritating as there is no in-game credit system.That's really the main problem, even though the overall feeling of the game when actually playing it is great, you can't help but feel like you've been cheated if you've paid the full price of the game. But, for £2.75 you really can't go wrong, the differnt ships and weapons are just endless fun with friends, and the community are really awesome! if they sort out the whole economy system of the game then it would be a definite recommendation for its current sale price."
,Recommended,209080,17850220,"Posted: 2 September, 2015",all,AbbyTheBunny,"Of all the games I played, this one I come back to over and over. It become a game that I've made many friends and enjoyment. The interactions with Muse Games, the game developer, is just top spot and they allow players to futher help the community.All this have inspired some of the best communties I've ever had in a game. Allowing players to care for their fellow players and crewmates. I look forward to enjoying the future DLC that's coming out and having played some early game access, it's shaping up to be a very fun DLC, similar and yet so different from the orginal that it does not feel like a re-hash of the same theme.There are some downsides, balances can take a long time to be adjusted allowing meta to become stale, UI does not always flow smoothly from one to the next and seeing new updates is far apart. I this mostly a fault of having a small crew but that crew do care so much what is happening in the game. As a side effect of this, the player counts can change widely from a low 200 player to as many 3000 players, depending on it's cycle.At the end of the day, I recommend this game to all my friends, And will contiune to do so and always coming back to see more."
,Recommended,209080,17854070,"Posted: 2 September, 2015",all,₠™ Revolution (Mklpzaq),"Wow, this game is beyond exceptional. I picked this game up a few years back for the mere price of $5 or so and I can see that it is probably my best purchase ever. Let me give you a quick break down so you know what to expect. This game highly stresses the importance of teamwork and cooperation. Without these two you will get on a ship with 3 pilots and a gunner and eveyrthing will crash and burn. As the player, you have to be willing to submit to what your captain gives you and roll with his orders. Secondly, you need alertness. At any given instant the balloon or hull will break in the blink of an eye and you have to be ready for it. You always need to keep a constant eye on the UI and be prepared to even shoot when needed. Lastly, this is mainly for a pilot, you need communication. This is probably the most important factor and without it even the best of players will lose. As a pilot, you have to have to HAVE TO tell your crew what's going on and where you need them/when to shoot. Many guns in this game rely on timing to be effective (such as waiting for hull break to do permant hull damage). You also need to communicate with your ally captains so you can position them in ambushes or plan strategic advances. All in all, this game is awesome for those who love teamwork and efficiency. Only downside is that black paint costs a whopping dollar, like seriously Muse?"
,Recommended,209080,13700951,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,Schwerbelastung,"This game is very good, and even better with some friends. You will be sharing an airship with 3 squadmates, which can be friends, 'random' players, or AI controlled units. Time for some teamwork!"
,Recommended,209080,16478156,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,Litvac,"I made a review almost a year ago when I first got it, and it was positive then, but I wanted to more accurately reflect upon the game in its current state. It's come a long way since then; levelling isn't as painful, they switched over to a matchmaking system (which isn't perfect, but it's not horrible), and Muse introduced a few other fixes that improved the game as a whole. Performance even feels a bit better, too.The game itself is wholly fun to play and is a unique experience. The game has a variety of different ships that can be customized with different weapons; this allows for players to experiment with different strategies for different maps and gameplay styles. There are currently three different gameplay modes, each with its own maps, which changes how gameplay is approached by the player. There are a few bugs here and there that need to be ironed out (ex. getting stuck on the corner of one of the staircases on the Squid), but there are not any bugs that make gameplay difficult or near impossible. Overall, matches feel fun and not only require technical ability but the ability to strategize effectively as well. There's a steep learning curve at first, but there always seem to be players who are willing to assist in this. (This is made easier thanks to the Community Ambassadors appointed by Muse.)I took a break from the game for a while to focus on college and whatnot, but when I came back to it about a month ago, I decided to look into joining a clan since I didn't have friends who played the game frequently. (Luckily, the game has sales frequently, so more of my friends have been joining in on the fun.) Honestly, it's one of the best things I did since getting this game, and it's something I wish I had done back when I first got the game. There are lots of different communities for people to join, so you're bound to meet people and clans interested in your gamestyle or interests. It really helped me connect with the community more as well as meet so many interesting people who I'm glad to call my friends. Joining a clan is not required to fully enjoy the experience of playing Guns of Icarus, but it certainly adds something special to it.There's a lot more I can say about this game, but long story short, GOIO isn't perfect, but it's definitely an enjoyable experience with much replayability. I'd definitely recommend buying it."
76561198179612733,Recommended,209080,26199857,"Posted: 24 October, 2016",all,Kommissar_Kliegerman,"Captain's Log Day One: After many years as an officer in the Royal Air navy, mostly commanding the guns, I have finally been promoted to the rank of Post-Captain and I have been given my first command. My first command is to be ""The Maelstrom"" a beautiful, new, Goldfish. The guns are in good order, the engines are working like a dream, and it comes with an excellent crew of loyal, hardy, and well disciplined Sailors and Officers. I look forward to making a name for myself with this ship.Captain's Log Day Two: We were given commerce raiding duties in the Fjords along with a small Flotilla of two Pyramidions, one Spire, and one Junker. We managed to take several merchant ships without a fight but then came upon several enemy vessels. The Pyramidions rushed forward and acted as the vanguard while myself and the Junker stayed farther back. The Pyramidions received heavy damage as the enemies had, unknown to us until now, a Galleon. Using my ship's heavy weapons, we disabled its engines and guns, and it was finally taken down by our Junker. With their flagship lost, the rest of the enemy attempted to flee. We were able to capture one Junker and one Squid. We sailed back to port with out prizes in tow, and gave our report to the Admiralty. We were given many commendations, and I myself was gifted with an engraved sword. We will remain at port for a week.Captain's Log Day Nine: My Men drank, sang, and ♥♥♥♥♥d the week away, spending most of their pay. I, meanwhile, spent most of the week in my Cabin, quietly reading and going over charts and ledgers. The prize money, when split amongst the three Captains was still a substantial sum. When I awoke this morning I was given my orders. We are to intercept a raiding fleet in the Fjords.Captain's Log Day Ten: What had happened? When my men were to supposed to report today, there were only three! My two gunners, and my engineer. My entire crew has disappeared except for the four of us! Who could fly a ship with only four men?Captain's Log Day Eleven: The Admiralty has ignored my pleas and told me that the rest of the fleet has already left port and that I should join them. Well, I guess three men is better than none.Captain's Log Day Eighteen: After several long days of flying, we have finally found our target. We started chasing them at eight bells this morning, and, knowing they were outnumbered, they fled. We were able to seperate three ships though, a Squid, a Pyramidion, and a Spire. Using our main gun, our heavy Hwatcha, we destroyed the Spire in a matter of minutes. The Pyramidion and Squid quickly followed suit. We attempted to find the rest of the fleet, but it seems as though these ships that now lie at the bottom of the fjord were sent to delay us while the rest of the fleet gave us the slip.Captain's Log Day Twenty Two: I have begun to suspect that my crew has gone mad. Today we encountered an enemy Goldfish, and rather than follow my orders and do their duty, my Engineer kept trying to use the flamethrower, a weapon that he is not trained to use, when he was not manning the flamethrower, he kept trying to buff the guns while our engines were on fire. He did not, even once, repair anything. My gunner kept using the Gatling gun rather than our ship's main gun, and my other gunner just stood in one place, not moving or speaking. In fact, he didn't do anything. I firmly believe that the sun has gotten to him. We only won because of my expert piloting skills, destroying their balloon with our ship's spike.Captain's Log Day Twenty Five: I am at my wit's end. My engineer has started talking nonsense, constantly ranting about some fellow named, ""Trump"" and how he's going to ruin some strange land called ""Merica"" and screaming at the top of his lungs at any other who disagrees with him. My secondary Gunner has remained in the same area. He occasionally complains about ""lag"" whatever this ""lag"" he speaks of is, I do not know. My first gunner always fires the Heavy Hwatcha too early, and never follows my orders, constantly calling me a ""♥♥♥♥♥♥y♥♥♥♥♥noob."" I swear that none of these men are the original crewmen that this ship originally had.Captain's Log Day Forty Three: I have lost all hope. It is not worth even working any more. My engineer never fixes anything anymore, my Secondary gunner has disappeared. My first gunner constantly runs around trying to fix things, while completely ignoring the guns. It is so much that I have taken to the drink in order to drown my sorrows. To make matters worse, the fleet that we missed last month has moved into our capital city and I have been called to defend the city against  the onslaught. The best I can hope for now is an honorable death and to rid the world of the most incompetent sailors the sky has ever seen.Captain's Log Day Fifty: We arrived in the city and found that an entire fleet had besieged the city. I moved into the center, hoping for an honourable death and, to my surprise, my crew performed exceptionally. They followed ever order, kept the ship running, and destroyed all of the enemy ships. My ship, the Maelstrom, has singlehandedly saved the city.Captain's Log Day Fifty One: We have all been made heroes. Every admiral wishes to meet us, we have been given every medal for valor, we have all been given a fortune in prize money, and the Queen herself has personally knighted all of us in thanks. There have been many parades and balls in our honour. My men have all been made officers, and I have been promoted to the Rank of Rear Admiral. I know not by what power, but somehow, my crew, consisting of three people, did horribly, but finally did well when they were most needed."
76561198038354609,Recommended,209080,7749332,"Posted: 25 November, 2013",all,Fluke,"This game is worth the time, dedicated development team always realeasing patches and balances, and one of the best gaming commiunities out their, i have dedicated alot of my time in this game, with what seems like a simple game but has a learning curve to master that with the more time you play the more you will relise,Features  (Note this might of changed by the time you read this so worth buying and checking the game out )Ships: Their is currently 6 available ships to playDeath match feature consisting of 2 ships with 4 crew each on 1 team and these matches go up to from 2v2 3v3 and 4v4,Crazy King, Capture the point, Resource Race,  with over 10+ maps, to play on and numerious loadouts for ships and crewHours of fun to be well worth the purchase"
76561198045322519,Recommended,209080,29194121,Posted: 11 January,all,S.T.A.L.K.E.R.,"This is a great game, with a few simple rules:-Play the tutorial. You'll need it, and pay attention during it. Too many newbies don't get the Armour/Hull concept.-Don't start as captain. You need to understand the concepts of gunner and engineer to be able to fly effectively.-Tactics win, not skill. Ship/Crew layouts and executing a strategy wins.-Seriously play the tutorial, listen to your captain and your in for a whale of a time."
,Recommended,209080,26608381,"Posted: 14 November, 2016",all,Elles,"Guns of Icarus.First you need a mic. It's not mandatory but it'll help tremendously.Second you need some friends to buy it. That's harder to accomplish. And also, it's better if they speak the same language.Third you get into the game and play the tutorial.Fourth you decide if you are the pilot, the gunner or an engineer.The pilot is, obviously, the helm. Sometimes, depending on the ship, you'll have to repair or man a gun nearby but most of the times, you'll just be piloting.The gunner is in charge of shooting stuff. That's not as easy as it may sound because you need to carefully select the types of ammunition you bring with you, depending on the gun layout of the ship. Discuss it with the captain. Remember that the best defense is to attack. You might be tempted to go repair stuff when things are going south but try to continue firing and disabling the enemy guns instead, it'll be more helpful if you can do it.Finally the engineer. You're always running everywhere to repair, buff, put out fires or man a turret when things are going nicely. It's quite a hard job because you need to keep in mind the cooldowns of your tools and prioritize the right things to repair first. And when you're on the guns, you need to time your shoots with the gunner to have a full clip ready to finish the enemy in one go as soon as its armor goes down.The atmosphere is steampunky and the ships are all very differet with their own strengths and weaknesses. Contrary to what the game tells you, the goldfish isn't actually the easiest to play because its gun coverage is actually quite bad. The Pyramidion is the one I recommed for beginners for his great frontal resilience and his double frontal light guns. Put a gatling and a mortar (it's quite a nice gun if you can aim it) and you're good to make your first steps.Cooperation is the key. Though sometimes the AI does a better job..."
,Recommended,209080,18493602,"Posted: 15 October, 2015",all,Baylze,"Guns of Icarus: ""Balloon Warfare""Reviewed by Baylze, Member ofThought BubbleOverviewGuns of Icarus puts you as a crew member on one of many blimp/balloon designs. You'll fight it out in the skies as a mechanic, gunner or captain, and quite frankly, you'll love it if you're a fan of alternate team deathmatch games. There isn't much that is more satisfying than watching a blimp simply get shredded by your ships firepower, I'll tell you that much.GameplayYou're in first person, waltzing around your ship, smashing things with wrenches and hammers, streaming gunfire into enemy ships or piloting your ship at the captain's seat! All three of the things you can do on your ship are truly enjoyable to do. You'll feel like you're truly part of a crew, and helping to run the machine, especially when you win the game. This title does a really great job of capturing epic gameplay and true aesthetic.Graphics & SoundThe graphics aren't absolutely out of this world, I'll tell you that. As for the sound, it's VERY pleasing. The ambience is really generated by the old-time graphics and the genuine sounds to really create the atmosphere of Guns of Icarus. That's what the Graphics & Sound does.ReplayabilityPlay to your hearts content! Because this game is multiplayer driven, the only person who can hold back the replayability is you or the player base!MultiplayerIt's based around multiplayer. It works, and it works well.Game FeatureRating (/10)Gameplay8/10Graphics & Sound8/10Replayability10/10Optimisation (Options Menu)9/10Value for Money ($9.99)8/10Overall9/10Thanks for reading!Baylze, Thought Bubble"
,Recommended,209080,21546766,"Posted: 29 February, 2016",all,KuriFoxen,"Guns of Icarus is an really fun game!(Pros)You get to pilot your own airship and experience what its like to be a captian, or you could fire the huge guns as a gunner or be a star engineer and keep your ship afloat.The game itself is really fun and the community is super friendly and will give you hands with things you dont know like turning or shooting, or in what order you use the toolsIve hardly never got mad at losing in this game as its such a fun experience up to the point where you can win or lose, You can also name your ships and fully customse there looks just like your character outfit(Cons)The only problem i have with this game is the time it takes to start a match as its 3-4mins to start a new match which gets a tad annoying but not to the point where i dont enjoy the game.(Verdict)Im giving this game a 9/10 just cause its got alot going for it but its not perfect yet and its slowly getting there"
,Recommended,209080,24978427,"Posted: 17 August, 2016",all,KayZR,"Before I start, I would like to say, I love this game so much. The Game is AWESOME, the experience is GREAT. It's all about teamwork, not like the other so called ""co-op"" games where one player can make a difference. In this game, the whole team has to pull their weight.Although the game is so great and special, not many players seem to take notice... That's a pitty because the player community of this game is just wonderful. I haven't played it so much at the time of this review but in every game there was someone really helpful and fun to play with.The community isnt that big, so then I would like to encourage anyone who reads this.. buy the game, you WON'T regret it the game is a blast. Tell your friends about it and everything just play the game and see you in the skies :)And now for the Devs. :guys you do really great work I have to admit, not many devs keep their games perfect entire time and this game trully is. But please try to lure more players in, maybe lower a price, maybe a sale, expand the community everything will help. Either this or the commuity will die... and that wouldn't be fair for anyone who loves this game. Neverethless I am going to buy the Alliance and hope to see many improvements from you guys. Keep this special masterpiece of a game Perfect. Thank you :)"
76561198072273646,Recommended,209080,15875230,"Posted: 17 May, 2015",all,SML^SKKN♠,"Read other reviews later. Its on sale now so go buy it now while its dirt cheap. Get it now. Get it!!!10/10 Just FYIFor future references: If on sale, get it straight away. Best 3 Dollar you will ever spend."
,Recommended,209080,22969757,"Posted: 13 May, 2016",all,killerwolf_999,"Long over due review of this game. I'm a fan, with over a thousand hours log playing this game; I guess you could make the argument I like it a lot. High learning curve (won't find auto aim here kids), demanding team effort, and most of all fun; makes for rewarding game play.  Game is not without it's short comings, it has a tight-nit community, small but dedicated. Pros: trolls, griefers, and all around abusive people don't last long and get frosty welcomes... Cons: it does at certain times of the day take a few minutes to get a match going. Also you might find yourself on a team of low experienced players as the other team gets a little stacked, but hey, the real fun is in the challenge. Get salty, get back in the game, and get revenge!  ...Lastly, just want to shout out to Muse games for sticking with it and staying dedicated to their vision; Alliance is looking beautiful, can't wait . Two thumbs up!"
,Recommended,209080,14531746,"Posted: 18 February, 2015",all,Sgt. Gandhi [509th PIR],Kept screaming THE BALLOON IS ON FIRE PUT IT OUT PUT IT OUT to the engineer but he kept jumping off the ship because he thought it was funny.10/10 IGN 420 noscop OP temwerk
,Recommended,209080,30433152,Posted: 10 March,all,Hansafaust,"Its like the 3D multiplayer post-apocalyptic version of FTL, making it really worth it."
76561198130285338,Not Recommended,209080,33352562,Posted: 7 July,all,Ele,"Buys game for 20€Waits 15 mins to get into a game, because notices there are about under 50 players in total playing the game.Likes the game, interesting concept and gameplay about skill and not grinding levels or some in-game currency.Takes a break.Notices big ""Alliance"" -update. *wow im interested*Alliance is being sold as a 20$ DLC/Separate game.Guns of Icarus Online price drops down to 5$ and most of the tiny playerbase is playing Alliance.I've payed 20$ for a game that now costs 1/4th the price and got its playerbase divided by a 20$ DLC that I cannot even get for 5$ now that Ive payed the extra 15$ for the game itself.Now there are a max of 10 players online and it takes about 30 min to find a match. Nice."
,Recommended,209080,7759330,"Posted: 25 November, 2013",all,iaspis,"This is a one of a kind game, with great potential. You play the part of a crew member of a flying ship, teaming up with one or two allied ships against the enemy fleet. The graphics and gameplay are very good, there is always a lot of people to play in the lobbies and the community is great. It only lacks a single player campaign mode for now, but this may change in the future. Highly recommended!"
,Recommended,209080,25805791,"Posted: 1 October, 2016",all,Terry,"Guns of Icarus is a great team driven game, you have to communicate with your team or you will fall from the sky in a ball of fire. The community is awesome, they want to teach and contribute so that the game has a bright future. Guns of Icarus has active developers that test, balance and implement things constantly. Guns of Icarus has community run events every weekend and also tournaments that are run by the developers, the game as a whole is very underrated and I really hope to see you in the skies."
,Recommended,209080,33156257,Posted: 2 July,all,an annoying pirate,"steampunk first person flying world of tank exept the crew is actual people  who take a ship role   engineer,gunner,captain   the engineer try to fix/reduce damage done to the ship (basicly you run around smashing part)  gunner who is self explanatory (pick a turret and shoot) and captain who drive the ship"
,Recommended,209080,12781463,"Posted: 3 November, 2014",all,Elemental Witch,I have been wanting this and finally got it. I have absolute fun with it and have made friends. But you do need good communications with the rest of you crew to operate to full extent. :)
76561198101439408,Recommended,209080,10632189,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,[G] Eisbrecher,"A really fun game! Great community with active Devs! Chances to win free in-game items and lots of unlocks via achievements! Of all the games that I own on Steam, this is the one that I play the most! Cooperation is key to winning using voice chat and ingame features."
,Recommended,209080,17446797,"Posted: 8 August, 2015",all,Mastuck,"Yes, this game is a gem. A raw gem. A flying, buning, shooting raw gem with great engineers on deck.But why do i consider it raw and since when do gems shoot?Well, raw because there are many features promised that aren't in the game yet. Like the Co-op mode i'm awaiting for about 2 years. But don't get me wrong. That shouldn't be criticism. In my opionion the developers should take all the time they need to give the players a well polished experience and for now Guns of Icarus Online is great in what it is.I also hope you forgot about the gem question already.So what is it now?Guns of Icarus Online is a really great, tactial, team based Multiplayer. There are 2-4 ships on each team. Each ship has a crew that usually made of 1 captain, 1 gunner and 2 engineers. Sometimes 2 gunners and 1 engineer but that's an exception. Anyway the captain flies, the gunner shoots and the engineers panic... um... repair everything.There are muliple ships, multiple guns you can put on the ships and a huge variety of tools and ammo for different situations.You can not shoot people on enemie ships and you are bound to your ship. That means your only goal is to destroy the enmy ship. Well you can jump off the ship but that only results in a long fall and respawning.The game is easy to learn but hard to master.You can level each class mainly by making achievements but that doesn't give you any gameplay benefits. It just unlocks cosmetic stuff you can also buy from the store (real money) or win from matches against the developers. Yes, the developers are playing their own game. That's a huge plus!The graphics are beautiful. The character animation not so much but who cares? I'm an engineer! All i see during a game are broken shipparts and fire! Well i don't like the rain animation on the ships but meh. Fog still looks awsome.So what are the bad things?There are only three things i have to mention.1. Low population. Don't get me wrong. You will always find a game but very rarely on the european server. That's not too bad because the game still runs great with a ping of ~150.2. If your crew is bad it can get annoying. But that's the way of team based games isn't it? I highly recommend to get some friends to play with you so you have at least 1 full ship of people you can shout at in your native tongue. Or... just don't take the game too serious...3. It can get repetitive. Go to lobby. Wait for the game to start. Blow up ships/get blown up. Repeat. I recommend to play it from time to time with friends and not 24/7 with strangers to prevent this issue.7,8/10 because the hull is on fire...again!"
76561198054167065,Recommended,209080,25704279,"Posted: 25 September, 2016",all,Chewie,"Funky, aggresive, fun, hard, Steampunky if thats any word, no its not all i have to say is put on your Pirat hat, steam punk goggles and prepair for a bumpy ride! Awesome team based flying war action game. Stunning graphic, explosives gameplay and just full of action. buy it and play it is all I want to say because this is a game you really want to play with your friends!"
76561198090041782,Not Recommended,209080,31190431,Posted: 16 April,all,[PCA] BBRodriguez,"It was a real♥♥♥♥♥♥move to do the ""update"" like they did and make all the loyal early adopters pay up for a new game. The 10% ""discount"" was like adding a slap in the face on top."
,Recommended,209080,12256493,"Posted: 27 September, 2014",all,Marauder-nyan,You can crash into buildings11/10
,Recommended,209080,11812076,"Posted: 21 August, 2014",all,Skully ᵁᴺᴷᴺ,Yes.
,Recommended,209080,7339845,"Posted: 8 October, 2013",all,Abattoir Erotica,"Play this game, it's awesome. There is a learning period at the beginning, and you may get on to ships with crappy crews, but it's totally worth it once you get the hang of it. The community is really good too. Good sportsmanship and positive attitude far outweigh the trolling and jackasses."
76561198093942277,Recommended,209080,12760974,"Posted: 3 November, 2014",all,Worlds Away,It is a very good game. Just wish that I can connect to an Aussie server
76561197994753033,Recommended,209080,12968123,"Posted: 16 November, 2014",all,BloodHound,"Co-op game that has a diffrent flair to it then the left 4 dead or payday games.  If you like those games then you will have fun with this one.  You and your freinds man the helm of a war blimp.  Engineers repair and gun gunners gun and pilots try not to crash and get blamed for failure.  When your team works together efficiently you can dominate, if you don't work so well together then your blimp with be skidding a long the ground getting pelted by what seems to be an armys worth of munitions.The game seems well balanced and I have not found any bugs, no performance issues.The only problem is It needs more people to play it, i don't think it has found the spot light yet..."
,Recommended,209080,16125118,"Posted: 1 June, 2015",all,"Ami, Daughter of Arke","Finally a PVP game where ""team players"" can't go solo.I was very reluctant to buy this game since I've had a very bad experience of PvPing in other games but some friends of mine spent some time convincing me that coop was practically compulsary and so I decided to give it a shot. Now I spend the majority of my days begging my friends to drop everything and come play with me.15/10 We need more games like this."
76561198045267168,Recommended,209080,16001880,"Posted: 25 May, 2015",all,Hirosaki FireHeart (Mangle),"First time in a LONG time I've come across something original AND Isn't pay to win, no amount of money will bring you above everyone else....less it's in fashion. Teamwork, communication and skill is what will win you the fights in this one. This game really reminds me of my most favorite RPG of all time - Skies Of Arcadia Legends. This game IS worth the money and the time by far. 5/5 for me."
,Recommended,209080,14232969,"Posted: 29 January, 2015",all,Tfaltys,"If you love everything steampunk and feel like there's something missing in your life - it's probably Guns of Icarus Online.The most outstanding and unique positive aspects of GOI are:-Wonderful community for both casual and hardcore gamers alike-Heavy emphasis on teamplay and communication-Gameplay based purely on skill and a bit of experienceThe main downside of the game is that this wonderful community is relatively small. Although there is always someone playing, there are times of the day when (or time zones in which) games are hard to find. This may either improve or get worse with time though considering the devs strategy I'll assume it'll get better."
,Recommended,209080,17592651,"Posted: 17 August, 2015",all,Clever Dan,"Do you have a group of friends and you are tired of killing zombies and robbing banks? Do you want Co-op and PvP action? Is Steamboy your favorite anime movie? Then you should play this game. When I first played this game, I was amazed in how it captured the feeling of being on an open air-ship: the aesthetics, the clouds, the ship movement, the gunfire -all feel great.If you have friends then bring them with you or make friends in-game. The game has a large focus on community. The developers are talkative and there is a focus on clans. The community isn't TOO big so you may see a few captains again from time to time in which friendships and/or rivalries can form."
,Recommended,209080,29680672,Posted: 3 February,all,Pepperstache,"It's one of a kind -- a hidden gem.If you're tired of cookie-cutter MMO/FPS/RPG/RTS games, this is one of the most interesting alternatives, and I'd certainly consider it worth 10$.It deserves at least 10x the population it currently has T_T"
,Recommended,209080,26318514,"Posted: 30 October, 2016",all,Psi Crow,"By far my very favourite game!The key to this game is communication. between the crewmembers, crew and their captain and between the captains, not only during the match, but already in the lobby!Add some tactics, coordination and use the map (hide in clouds, sneak around mountains and place tactical mines) and victory is yours :D+ Nice Steampunk style+ Different game modes that each require different tactics+ Friendly and helpful community, always ready to answer your questions, give advices, coach you or just have some nice chit-chatting. There are many different clans who will welcome you and help and teach you to get into the game.+ Devs keep adding content, balancing ships and weapons and helped me with every problem I had+ regular fun events (community and fight-the-devs) where you can win items or titles+ no pay2win nor play2win: everybody has the same chances, there is no upgrading or unlocking items that give you an unfair bonus, only stylish cosmetics are available. The outcome of the match is entirely based on skill, tactics, communication and teamworkI bought in on a sale for 2,50€ (actually a 4copy pack for 9,99€), but 11/10 would buy it again for the full price. I never spend money on cosmetics and skins, but here I plan on making an exception to support the Game ^^"
,Recommended,209080,20511133,"Posted: 13 January, 2016",all,dpf1110,"Short version:+GREAT community+noob-friendly mechanics+very complex mechanics for advanced players+alot of fun+Innovative tip box+Innovative in-game guide ( books )+AWESOME ships to play ( i would recommend Junker it`s a great piece of ( scrap- ) metal! )+beautifully designed maps ( and i am someone who doesnt really look at maps too much )+lots of ways to communicate and work together+great customization options on ship and player ( you can even set your language for voice commands )+great to play with friends!+Artemis light rocket launcher ( pointed at your enemy )+the devs are quite nice+get free stuff by fighting the devs at a designated EventFUN FACT: this game got me to learn French willingly, which a dozen years of school couldn´t accomplish.-you may wait some time to join because it cant find any other players ( but hey, atleast the tip box gives you cool jokes to laught about )-if you dont cooperate you have a 89% chance to lose the match-you need some time to figure out how to command the AI-recoil jitter applies to your camera-you cannot paint your guns ( only your airships )-Artemis light rocket launcher ( pointed at you )-The Manticore Heavy Hwacha may startle your gunner the first time they fire it ( if your a good    teammate just give them a heads up! )if you need someone to play with my ingame name is dpf.Longer version:Are you good at playing in Teams?Do you like driving huge Vehicles in Video games, together with your friends?Do you frequently use voicechat?Then this is the game for you!Don´t be fooled by the small playerbase. There are just as much  nice players in this game as in other games. But if there are the same Amount of nice players in GOIO as in other games, but less players than those other games, then that results in a higher percentage of nicer players in GOIO as in other games ( i won´t go into details what those other games are.. *cough* everyfpsgameever *cough* )<at this point of the review i noticed, that i haven´t said anything about the actual gameplay yet>Well, what can I say about the gameplay........from the individual players perspective it is very immersive! If you play well, as your class, then you can get a lot of ......For example, if you are good at playing as the engineer ( :engi: ) then you will......If your good at captaining ( :Pilot: ) then you can........If you are great at playing gunner ( :gunner: ) then you surely will get a ton of........Why do I have no clue about this?!I recently even won a tournament held by the steam group I am in! ( german steam group: Bootsmänner )Oh, i know!If your act out your specific role on your ship and like repairing the right parts of the ship as the :engi: or taking out the right components on the enemy ship as the :gunner: or flying very well as the :pilot: then you are able to.....well.... win against AI bots. But you said this game was easy and cool and you won a tournament?  The answer is simple:There is no 'you' in the Title of this game! There is  an 'I' in the Title of this game which stands for 'I am a idividual member of my captains crew, so I have to do my job the way my team needs me to'  To sum it up, there is just one thing I can say about the gameplay:TEAMWORK WINS WARS!!!And thats a fact!Seriously though, I won a match against high level opponents by HAVING SMALLTALK with my gunner the entire match!! ( and since im not a native english speaker and have to 'learn' that in School, this made my grades go up!)So would i recommend this game?DO YOU EVEN READ BRO?If its too long, there is a shot version above this.I would definitely recommend giving this game a try, even if you have already played it. The developers are very nice and update the game quite often. They even join matches sometimes and play some matches with you.And yes, yes, this game has a shop where you can buy stuff with real money and yes its not that cheap, as you would imagine. And I even admit to buying one or two things from the shop! I want to support the devs, so I bought a cosmetic item. Let me rephrase that: I CHOSE to BUY the item, instead of logging in at a 'fight the devs' event and EARNING A FREE ITEM FROM THE SHOP by winning against the devs. See? There may be an in-game shop for cosmetic items, but all Tools are available from level 0. And the stuff that is locked is because those are very confusing for new players. ( honestly, if you have seen a lvl 1 player walking around on a Galleon, having no clue that the ship has 3 decks, then you would understand what im saying)Also: LEVEL DOESN`T MATTER!You can (theoretically and practically ) win a game against a full lvl 45 captain and crew with a crew of lvl 2-5 players if you coordinate them well. Why am I so sure about this? Because I have already done that a couple of times!This basically concludes my review of Guns of Icarus Online and I encourage you to play the game if you get a chance to!And to all the ppl who got this far: Achievement get!: 'That´s a lot of text'"
,Not Recommended,209080,25608137,"Posted: 20 September, 2016",all,ZetKPL,"Don't get me wrong, the game is very good and an amazing team experience, but... there's not that many people playing it. I would recommend it, but I'm afraid that you would have to wait extremely long queues to get to enjoy it.If despite of what I say you want to acquire it, a microphone is recommendable to talk with the crew of your ship."
,Not Recommended,209080,23577655,"Posted: 15 June, 2016",all,Lord Gazpacho,"Normaly I don't throw my hat into these kinds of things but I do think some things need to be addressed.This game is by far an amazing game and if not for the slow development I would completly and wholeheartedly recommend this game to anyone looking for a skill based team pvp . The game is very well balanced and brings something new to the table of multiplayer games but as stated by another avid fan of the game, it has been out for three in half years with little added in the ways of bringing the game new content. With this said the new DLC may bring more to offer and spice things up, maybe even bring the player bases back up but until then I will have to no recommend this. We need more honest reviews of this great game to push it in the direction of new content if we want it to change.Side note: I havn't seen the active players playing over three hundred in a long time"
,Not Recommended,209080,31996169,Posted: 27 May,all,JurasTW,"I used to love this game. But it has issues. Issues that must have been resolved long ago.I love that the core of the game is unchanged, but this game does not want new players. That's really sad.It should not be so hard to love this game, but it really is. Registration. No full steam integration. No languages, which, i mind you, is quite a basic thing to do.I bought a 4 pack back in the days. And i just can't bring anyone to play the game with me because how unfriendly it is... I know it's my problem, but it does not have to be. If a person takes the steering wheel and has no idea how to drive despite this being practive and the controls are right there on the screen, it scream that something is wrong with it.Not to mention the game breaking 20$ DLC for a 5$ game, which seems to be embemed on all levels of the game. Like ""mission (only for DLC)"" and stuff"". You don't milk the game like this. Once your game features any advertisement, you know the game is doomed, and that's the message the dev is sending you.The game has become a mess, but ""Steam Hammer"" is still a mess so we just have to wait it out."
,Recommended,209080,9725301,"Posted: 4 April, 2014",all,ArmouredHeart,"A brilliant example of a game based on pure teamwork, Guns of Icarus scratches the itch of co-operation so lacking in popular games such as Call of Duty, Battlefield, or... almost any mainstream game. If you like strategy, and flying a diesel-punk airship between two broadsiding floating behemoths blasting a blistering blitzkrieg of bullets, surviving by sheer force of will to summon the winds of change and become the battered, slightly-on-fire victor held together by DUCT-TAPE AND GLORY, this game is for you!"
76561198050037845,Recommended,209080,13487036,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,Pronoun,"After about 3 games as pilot losing in total silence, I found a team of three that would actually cooperate with me. I added them as friends and we won six straight games in four hours, including one where our ally was replaced by AI (essentially 2v1).If you can communicate and cooperate, this game is heaven. Not very fast-paced, but extremely intense, strategic, and thoroughly bad♥♥♥♥♥ 11/10"
,Recommended,209080,8671713,"Posted: 11 January, 2014",all,Jen,"It's gorgeous, it has great music, but most of all it's a ton of fun.  Co-op tomfoolery at its best.  Learn to pilot your own dirigible and engage in battle with dastardly pirates (though we're all pirates here).  Man the guns as a stalwart slinger, or run about smacking things as a wrench (that's what all engineers do, right?).  Rule the skies!"
,Recommended,209080,1294876,"Posted: 4 January, 2013",all,Gilder the Squidslinger,"Take my squid, take my flak, take me where I cannot jack. I don't care, I have mines, you can't take the munker from me!Take me out to Fjords, tell them I ain't got gat/flak. I don't care, I have mines, no friend or foe will spawn near me!Theres no place I'd rather be, since my mines spawned on thee. But you can't take the munker from me!!"
,Recommended,209080,13032456,"Posted: 21 November, 2014",all,Aloha Snackbar,This is amazing. You can build a tank that somehow manages to float in a wonderfully crafted steampunk world. and kill things. and other ships.
76561198049065580,Recommended,209080,13355409,"Posted: 13 December, 2014",all,hueton,"simply put, this game is an expereince that's very hard to match. A beautiful, tactic multiplayer that rewards cooperation and communication above all. Hard fun, great community and hundreds of hours for of fun your buck."
,Recommended,209080,17920570,"Posted: 6 September, 2015",all,Zedla Boogaloo,"I have played this game for over a year now, and it's amazed me how I keep coming back to it. So here's my over-due review.This game is heavily based around teamwork; your task each game is to communicate with your crew - that consists of 3 other real people - and other ships on your team to effictively destroy your enemies. There are a range of maps that include beautiful landscapes and post-apocalyptic scenery, where you must navigate and fight. Currently there are 3 game modes: Deathmatch, King of the Hill, and Crazy King. (The last two basically being capture the point). Teams can go as high as 4v4, and as low as 2v2 and each ship holds 4 crew members with a total of 7 different and interesting ships to fly. There are also 3 classes; Pilot, Engineer and Gunner. Each person takes on their role and performs their duties aboard their ship, whether they are the Pilot who has control over the ship and co-ordinates with their allies, or the Engineer who must keep the ship alive and shipshape. Or even a gunner who's speciality is manning the many guns and many ammo types. Either way, teamwork is key in this game.New players are recommended to play the tutorials which give a basic understanding of how the game mechanics work. But don't fret, you wont be thrown into the deep end as soon as you start playing. There are a host of servers that only Novice players can enter so that new poeple can learn together with other new people and better learn the game. But the help doesn't stop there. This game's community is simply fantastic. Those who are willing to learn are easily taught by the veteran players and even the game's own version of teachers called Community Ambassadors - picked by the Muse team - who love to teach. So if you like to troll and be really rude and obnoxious, this game is not for you. But if you're looking for a fun game with great people, look no further ;)"
76561197976282702,Recommended,209080,22358714,"Posted: 11 April, 2016",all,MasterGono,"This is a beautiful gem, especially when it comes to coop-PvP battles. I have no idea why this game doesn't get more attention.+ Great community+ Beautiful & detailed airships+ Really motivating combat mechanics, and a huge feeling of achievement after a battle has been won+ Teamplay: It's working REALLY well in 90% of the games. A crew of 4 players is easy to manage, and you can have a lot of fun with your team mates.Especially because of the voicechat feature.+ Amazing sound and music. It's probably the most catching / enchanting music that I ever listened too in a game, and it's dynamic during a match as well.+ Easy to learn, hard to master (only with team play!)- The grahics of the enviroment could look better - but as soon as you are in battle you will only focus on the ships anyway, which are looking great.- Sometimes the matchmaking can take a while. But normally you will have a good chat (and laugh) with the other players that are waiting. (Just recently someone was reading a book, I think it was Henry Miller, and the others comment on the book and/or his reading skills. :P)Hints when starting:Get a headset / Use your headset. And DON'T start as a captain.PS: Since I was a kid I loved the idea of flying ships. Standing on the bow of your ship and scanning the horizon for enemies with your spyglass, while floating through clouds and listening to the wonderful music, knowing that soon the quietness will turn into a mess of flames, detonations and smoke, is definetely something among the best moments that I had in games so far. :D"
,Recommended,209080,23000534,"Posted: 15 May, 2016",all,SajBear,I like it.
,Recommended,209080,25836347,"Posted: 3 October, 2016",all,tieio,"It's kind of like TF2, if you were flying and fighting against other people who are flying. Yep, flying. Did I mention it is like TF2?"
76561198040728186,Recommended,209080,17870902,"Posted: 3 September, 2015",all,Derpy Squid,Guns of Icarus is an amazing action pact game of awesomeness. If you like the idea of a very nice community and blowing up airships this is the game for you!
,Recommended,209080,26191445,"Posted: 23 October, 2016",all,Nova,"An excellent concept for a game that works well.I played it for a while and it runs ok on my complete trash pc.This was one of my favorite games way back when it was popular.It was exciting to be able to run around on my ship repairing and shooting canons.And, if I felt like it, I could even fly my own ship!It was truly fun.Only problem...Its pretty much dead now."
,Recommended,209080,17850132,"Posted: 2 September, 2015",all,Lady Tora,"This is one of the best and most fun games I have ever played! The Community is great and supports new players while also having it's competetive side.It might seem hard to get into the Game and learn how to play effectively, but once you know how things work you can have a blast with your friends and/or Clanmates!"
76561198014982895,Recommended,209080,34220485,Posted: 13 August,all,Spreadsheet Deadbeat,"So this game is a real treat. I played it for a bit with some friends and it nails down the ""We are a crew and if we work together we will kick some serious♥♥♥♥♥quot;. Flying amist the desolate landscape wearing some steampunk gear never felt more satisfying and immersive.Pros:- Ships feel satisfying to fly- Communication is key and being part of a good crew makes for phenomenal battles.- Each member has a crucial part to play.Cons:- Solo play is God awful.- Most cosmetics are locked behind paywalls."
76561198040954477,Recommended,209080,12112439,"Posted: 15 September, 2014",all,Hornedmarten,Screw metacritc.
,Recommended,209080,14369462,"Posted: 7 February, 2015",all,Insio,"A game that doesn't look or feel like any other game. Cooperation and communication is the key to succeeding - in other words not a game for lone wolves and people just looking for action.Is this game for you?The learning curve is a bit steep for new players, which can make gameplay a bit frustrating if you end up with people not knowing what they're doing. My best advice is to use a mic and try to find higher level players to join. Also, make sure you do the tutorial before entering any matches, as you won't be able to work together with your crew mates if you don't understand what needs to be done. A cooperative level 2 player is most times preferable over a level 15 player who doesn't communicate, due to the importance of teamwork. If you do end up on ships with inexperienced players, try to stick it out... I think there are many out there who give up on this game too fast, simply because they don't really get a taste of what it really is. I've heard several people say ""Oh, so this is what this game is really about"" once they get to play with more experienced players.The gameplayWhen you're crewing a ship you'll hopefully get one or several main tasks from your captain. If you want to do a good job you'll want to stick to them, since the ship will most likely blow up if you don't. I can't stress this enough; It really is crucial that everyone on the ship do what they need to do in order for things to work. Joining (or forming) a clan is also good if you want to meet other cooperative players.Given that you're on a ship with a decent crew, this game is just brilliant. Cruising along a mountain side with a steampunk airship looking for enemy ships is a great pastime activity, and the game has so much to offer once you get hold of the basics.The bottom lineIf you like the concept, don't give up on the game too fast. You may just have had bad luck with the crew mates or captains."
76561197995212722,Recommended,209080,11152154,"Posted: 9 July, 2014",all,Sprayer2708,"Very cool game that incorporates coop and versus into one gamemode successfully. You join aboard an airship as one of four crew members trying to keep yours ship afloat in the midst of battle whilst gunning away on the enemies. It also has many tactical and strategical components to it as different weapons not only have different ranges and damage values but also excel at destroying the one or the other component.I'm just going ahead and say it: Guns of Icarus online is basically Faster Than Light multiplayer in a steampunk setting. Okay, there is no boarding or killing the enemy crew but everything else is in: destroying the armor (the shields) to do damage to the hull, destroying components to disable certain abilities of the enemy, i.e. the engines to remove their ability to maneuver."
,Recommended,209080,7744271,"Posted: 25 November, 2013",all,Swallow,This is awesome. Even if they forgot to include boarding.
,Recommended,209080,30347412,Posted: 5 March,all,Wagenenr,"It all depends on group. If you have a consistent group of shipmates to play with, you will have a great time, but online interactions are not always so enjoyable."
,Recommended,209080,30402669,Posted: 8 March,all,Ewrecktile,"Guns of Icarus is tons of fun! The gameplay is interesting and challenging. It's definitely a game you'd want to play with friends as communication is key. The only problem is that the community seems really small, which is a shame because this game is fantastic and really fun to play. Here's to hoping the new expansion can breathe new life into Guns of Icarus!"
76561197972143847,Recommended,209080,8124199,"Posted: 19 December, 2013",all,nomarior,My favourite game of 2013.
,Recommended,209080,30198666,Posted: 26 February,all,Azher,Play it with friends
,Recommended,209080,12824427,"Posted: 6 November, 2014",all,Incandescent Starfish Overlord,"Joined a match, other team was a clan. Entire clan was named Jew 1, 2, 3, 4, and so on.Mounted only rockets.Am now called the 'Jew Blastah' by my friends.10/10, would blast again."
,Recommended,209080,10187028,"Posted: 21 May, 2014",all,Hackel,I'v never felt part of a team is much as this.
,Recommended,209080,9684008,"Posted: 31 March, 2014",all,Metal Man,A Great game for team play and is still being updated with fresh features and new items8/10*WARNING!*Good teamwork and communication required
76561198116156537,Recommended,209080,9711589,"Posted: 3 April, 2014",all,Long Tan and Handsome,"DO NOT BUY UNLESS YOU OWN A MIC.This is an amazing game, and there is SO much fun to be had with it, but there is nothing more infuriating then being a captain of a ship with 3 mute crew members. If you don't own a mic, or are not comfortable talking with people, do not buy this game."
76561198049836325,Recommended,209080,17898777,"Posted: 5 September, 2015",all,Krieszak,"The feeling when you shoot an enemy ship out of the sky is amazing. Looking for a fun coop game with a great community and incredible good devs, this is the game you need!!"
76561198083961298,Recommended,209080,9763795,"Posted: 8 April, 2014",all,Girlgonerogue,"One of the best multiplayer game out therejust fantastic, beautiful, and great to just hang with friends(Combined with an amazing soundtrack)It comes highly reccomended by me"
76561198025093178,Recommended,209080,11082748,"Posted: 5 July, 2014",all,ihKu47,"The game is way, way better than the metascore might suggest. I'm going to assume the low score is there partly because when you start the game aren't too many maps you can choose from, giving an impression of a limited game. As I've understood it, this is only so that you get practice on the easier levels before you go and navigate in the really dangerous ones. Once you reach lvl 4 in any crew role you'll get plenty more and the selection is about as numerous and varied as most FPS games, Killing Floor for example. These include a desert with component damaging dust clouds, a water temple zone, a foggy fjord and an ambush oriented canyon. When I got the game, there were only two play modes, but the devs have been adding new ones like Crazy King. There is also a good variety of ships, guns, and tools to use in different roles as a part of the crew so you'll have a different kind of match to play everytime you get to it.The graphics are good, the art style beautiful and the gameplay very polished. Starting players will be aware of only a few basic approaches to battle but the more you play the more you start to understand the potential for different tactics, using all of your guns to their full advantage, coordinating with other ships on your team etc. The community is one of the friendliest online gaming communities I've personally interacted with, most everyone is there to enjoy the game. As always, some players will give others a piece of their mind though. Still, as a new player I got good advice from those with more experience and no one was bashing me for making noob mistakes. Newbies are also restricted to play with other relatively new players (you can opt out from this if you wish), so you propably wont be completely decimated even when you're learning the ropes.The current game is just skirmish mode (different online battle modes) but the developers are looking to release an adventure mode in 2015; imagine an MMO world with airships, factions, trade and quests and you propably have the right general idea. With what they've managed to do so far I do have confidence that the adventure mode will be a good product as well. They already have the ship-to-ship combat nailed down, all they need is to expand the world they have already visioned and you can find info about on their site.If you've ever thought gliding through the skies on an airship would be awesome, if you enjoy tactical cooperative play, or if you enjoy steampunk aesthetics I can highly recommend this game - I've had some of my most engaging and fun gaming experiences on it. If the themes don't make you feel excited but you like online team based multiplayer games, Guns of Icarus is still a solid choice but you may want to hope for another sale to get it."
,Recommended,209080,7767482,"Posted: 26 November, 2013",all,Crafekster,"Guns of icarus is a competetive game with 2 layers of teamwork.Layer 1.You and 3 others are in an airship and keeping it up to destroy two others. Basicaly, you are either an engineer, gunner or the pilot. Work togheter to be a good ship.Layer 2.Mainly, the game is 2v2 (2 ships vs 2 ships) so not only do you work on your own ship, your ship should be helping the other ship.Put that on the other team also and you got hell of a competetive game.It is actually a very very good competetive game in a completely different fashion than the usual strategy or fps. Its both in a way.It can be quite confusing when starting the game out, not doing anything is worse than bots so Do the tutorials and read or watch guides/gameplay. And you will get the jist.It is an amazing game to start seriouse on as it complements working togheter very very well."
,Recommended,209080,13131259,"Posted: 28 November, 2014",all,Mephistopheles,"Brilliant game- Great community, friendly CAs and it's a fun game!"
,Recommended,209080,9449556,"Posted: 13 March, 2014",all,Mighty Joe,"I got this game because my son wanted to play it. I bought the 4 pack and played it with them. When there's a group playing together, it can be lots of fun. Playing by yourself is a challenge though because sometimes you have to wait a long time for enough people to gather to play a game. Also, because the community is so small, it tends to be serious about the game, which can make it less fun for casual players and those who aren't as familiar with different aspects of ship-to-ship fighting in game. Mostly people don't do the jobs they're supposed to do, which can make it impossible for you to win or even do the job you're supposed to do. For instance, sometimes the pilots don't pilot or the mechanics get on guns that the gunner should be able to access but can't because somebody who should be repairing the ship actively isn't doing that. Having said that, if you have a group of people who might like to play this together, it can be fun. It can also be fun on those rare occassions when you get serious players who aren't jerks to newcomers. Take it for what it's worth."
,Recommended,209080,7804704,"Posted: 28 November, 2013",all,RJPowell[KTL],"If you are looking for a competitive, passionate and polite team PvP game and you love all things steam-punk this might be the game for you. Team based airship battles with teams of two up to teams of four trying to apture control points or just blow the ever loving snot out of each other.Easy to pick up and learn, hard to master this game is worth it just or the social aspect alone. The developers keep[ in constant contact with the playerbase to improve the game whilst all the while working on the next two phases of the experience (Adventure mode and co-operative PvE.)A bargain by itself, certainly not to be missed during steam sales.*****"
,Recommended,209080,11971865,"Posted: 3 September, 2014",all,NukerFakes,"This game is a great game for people who like it, it is better to play this game with a group of people"
,Recommended,209080,8438637,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,DjiboutiDingDong,"Never played a game quite like it. There's a real sense of your personal responsibility as a member of the airship's crew to do as much as you can to keep it afloat and win the match, and it's exhilirating all the while no matter your role, yet a serenely beautiful experience.Strategy, tactics, and teamwork are the name of the game here, with personal skill meaning little if you have to pull the weight of the entire crew. Lots of ships and guns to choose from, the placement of guns on every ship customizable, making every team's airship approach the battlefield differently.Elegantly executed, extremely fun, and completely unique. Makes my boy parts tingle every time I play it."
76561198058112798,Recommended,209080,25830767,"Posted: 2 October, 2016",all,THESE DAMN BOOTYWEASELS,"A great game for those who love teamwork, strategy, communication, original physics and most of all, shooting a massive (and diverse) arsenal of steampunk weaponry at slow moving airships.Don't bother playing if you don't have a mic (and speak/write conversational-English) and a willingness to get your♥♥♥♥♥railed in the first month or two before learning how to properly prioritize, communicate, choose the right ammunition for the right gun/situation, and learn from your mistakes. If you aren't willing to learn from experienced players you will ruin everybody's day by being a burden on your ship so shut the ♥♥♥♥ up and listen to your elders. There is some room for creative approaches to gunships, ammunition and loadout once you gain some experience.The community is great but only really has a substantial number of players on weekends and weekday afternoons in my experience."
76561197972036011,Recommended,209080,550052,"Posted: 21 January, 2013",all,Skrimskraw,"Worth a try a really good game.Room for new players and old players.Great community ingame and on the official forum.requires 8 people for competitive play, but it's easy to find competent players and to join events."
76561198079594711,Recommended,209080,8477043,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,Andika,"This is a really fun teamplay-based game. It's not your usual kind of mmo where the amount you pay will determine how far you can get in the gameworld. Here you purchase the title once, and after that everything depends on your skills and your team's level of cooperation. Item shop items are purely cosmetic stuff, and some of them are given away for free during character progression anyway.Working together is essential in this game, and one of the aspects that new players don't always understand first, which is why early gameplay can get difficult and full of lost battles. On the other hand, you can be extremely skillful from the start, depending on how fast you are willing to learn the game mechanics. There are many useful guides around, and most high level players will be more than happy to tell you everything you need to know.It's most fun with microphone, especially if you wanna be a captain, but I know many great players who do very well and enjoy the game without mics. Some people say that you can't succeed in this without real life friends playing with you, but that's not true, most people here play and become friends without ever having met in real life.Yet, I'd recommend building an in-game friend list as soon as you start, adding people you had fun with, as the game gets more and more enjoyable and personal if you fight with familiar folks, and not always with completely new crew members.Gameplay and fighting system has a great variety and allows for numerous combinations. You can select ships, weapons, tools, maps, and all of these will determine the outcome. Because of that, preparation in lobbies can get long and tiresome sometimes, even boring, if you wanna play fast, but great victories always require great planning and preparation anyway, so consider it a part of gameplay to discuss strategies while you wait for teams to fill up. Don't forget that this is partly a strategy game, even though it offers action as well, and you gotta discuss tactics with your team at one point, and lobbies are the perfect places for that.Many people complain about the community and its rules being too restrictive, but most rules that the community guidelines include are perfectly normal and basic considerations asking for perfectly normal and basic human behaviour, such as ""please don't spam and troll the global chat with profanity and/or racist comments because nobody is interested in them"". The difference compared to other games is that here the community takes an active part in making sure that these guidelines are not just empty words on the game's website, but are actually kept in-game.Altogether this game is truly exciting, gives a new experience each time you fly, since nothing will be the same twice. Crews, captains, ships, maps, everything changes with each match, and that makes every battle feel unique. Also, for steampunk lovers, it's a must! :)"
,Recommended,209080,30158854,Posted: 24 February,all,☮Thankful☮,"Oh man, this is so epic! If you have friends this is the best game ever. It's hectic, it's fun, and it requires a lot of teamwork and perserverence... especially in the lobbies ☺"
,Recommended,209080,9083122,"Posted: 13 February, 2014",all,not a hacker,Super fun game. Had great times with friends
76561198018975194,Recommended,209080,13400946,"Posted: 16 December, 2014",all,BinaryDragon,This game is great !
,Recommended,209080,8140476,"Posted: 20 December, 2013",all,Wolfy,"Original extraordinary unique multiplayer ""ship's crew simulator"" in steampunk entourage! Certainly, one of the most teamwork oriented game."
76561197979077133,Recommended,209080,25895283,"Posted: 6 October, 2016",all,CombatGreek,only con - needs bigger communityfun and addictive. definitely team based game that u rely on working together.
,Recommended,209080,17864949,"Posted: 3 September, 2015",all,Princess Tutu,I've been playing this for over a year and still enyoing it to the max. Get a group of friends or join an active clan and let the game do the rest. Best coop expiernce anyone could hope for.
76561198139636478,Recommended,209080,24802983,"Posted: 9 August, 2016",all,RidiculousRōnin,"This game is one of the best ship to ship combat games I have played. Teamwork is essential to victory, so playing with friends is helpful. I strongly reccomend that you buy this game if you haven't already."
76561198108723897,Recommended,209080,16769655,"Posted: 28 June, 2015",all,IrishNProud (人格）,"A very engaging game that has 3 core themes:Teamwork, Risk, and Strategyall tied together with the concept of Steampunk combat in mind.The game has a great atmosphere, a very active and egaged dev team (who often host player vs dev events), a very active community ambassador group, and an overall friendly community. Sales are often, which provide an ample opprotunity to acquire this game.I would reconmend buying a 4 pack so you and your friends can play, and I would reconmend having a mic. That way, you will be able to communicate with other players on your team during a match and devise complicated stratagies and plans. Or decide to just rush the enemy. Whatever works :DGreat game, would reconmend for those who like guns n boats."
,Recommended,209080,17730716,"Posted: 26 August, 2015",all,madguy12,"looking to trade CS GO skins for a copy of the game for mush cheaper than actual priceOverall really good game, really immersive with good gameplay and overall well balances.much funner when playing with friends"
76561198090940936,Recommended,209080,17811658,"Posted: 31 August, 2015",all,WASD Is The Way,"OverviewThis can be one of the best co-op online games you've ever played. The mechanics are fairly simple and easy to learn (but often hard to master, as i will explain). The game is at it's best when you are on a ship with a competent crew whichcommunicates(preferably with microphones). This is key to success because it allows proper teamwork. No single pro player can hope to carry a match without a good team.While this can make the game more engaging and thrilling, it also creates it's greatest weakness: being stuck with incompetant/silent/uncooperative player(s) that jeporadise the ship. There is really little you can do about this.If you can get past this seemingly unavoidable weakness, then the game can be a hell of alot of fun. There really is something awesome about blasting ships out of the sky or weaving in and out of combat or feeling like your manic wrench wacking is the only thing holding your ship together! With friends it's even better. you feel like your part of a well oiled killing machine!"
76561198045075810,Recommended,209080,17865523,"Posted: 3 September, 2015",all,Fourth Oracle,"I could go on a long rant about how this is a strange, almost masochistic teambuilding exercise, but I'll just say that it's one of the more incredible games I've played. I'd recommend grabbing three friends, but the community is really kind and helpful. Voice comms are a must."
,Recommended,209080,16817940,"Posted: 30 June, 2015",all,Fartbox,"30 minutes of gameplay, so this is a ''first impression'' review.I love it.If you're a big fan of pvp type games ranging from strategy to fps's etc, this is definatly worth a shot.In my experience this is the first game of its type(?)You board airships and man turrets, pilot the ship or run around repairing♥♥♥♥♥♥You can design your own ship, character and advance in the various ''classes.''As a first impression I give it a 9/10.;;EDITNow I have a few more hours below my belt, my recommendation hasn't changed.Honestly, this game has grown on me.This game redefines teamwork in this genre. If your ship has a weak team mate you're basically ♥♥♥♥ed.It's a lot about communication, talking to your captain/ engineers/ gunners.So prior to this game I would recommend getting a microphone if you don't already have one.Also, there is talk of a single player campaign/ missions, which is planned to be released some time in 2015.Although this is a fairly new game, I haven't come across any serious bugs or glitches.The UI in the main menu is a tad confusing at first but once you learn to navigate the game there are a lot of cool features to take part it.Bounties, hunters, clans, costumes, ships, etc.This game will continue to be a favorite of mine for a long time to come.10/10"
,Recommended,209080,8521827,"Posted: 2 January, 2014",all,ownosourus,"Guns of Icarus is an outstanding example of how a kickstarter project can be the new revolution of PC gaming. Truly immersive graphics and audio grabs the player and thrusts them into the middle of a explosive steam-punk universe that many gamers have been craving for. This game shines when it is played with friends as crew.I absolutely love this game despite what most critics think.This game provides hours upon hours of competitive, complex entertainment that only few could get tired of. Customize your player, airship, and take to the high skies as either a mechanic, gunner, or pilot. Your loadouts and skill will lead you to victory or certain defeat. Numerous maps, achievements, and tons more to enjoy, one can easily spend hundreds of hours competing for victory in this action-packed game.However despite its visual beauty and impressive execution, limited gameplay and general bugginess makes the ride a bit bumpy. This beast still has room to grow."
,Recommended,209080,23401662,"Posted: 5 June, 2016",all,Dea†hRow.Zaffre,"Do you like steampunk stuff? Have you ever dreamt of being in an airship and having epic sky battles? Have you ever wanted your very own airship? Then this game is for you!The community is great and helpful. The higher levels will teach you everything you need to know as long as you ask politely for it. Almost no lag unless you have like 300+ ping.1 game lasts for around 20 minutes. If you want some action packed airship battles but you gotta go in 30 minutes, no problem.I highly recommend this game."
,Recommended,209080,23572469,"Posted: 15 June, 2016",all,Citizen Cyan,As a HUGE fan of steampunk I would definitly recommend this to all who love steampunk. This game is also based around teams and you need to work together or you wont stand a chance. So learn to work together. 10/10 would buy again.
76561198017561003,Recommended,209080,8516551,"Posted: 2 January, 2014",all,Martin Bunny,"You shoot airplane that go pew pew pew, except not really because it's not star wars, more like ratatatatatata but not like the pokemon, bascially it's a baloon riding simulator.....with guns.   Good times."
76561198207449868,Recommended,209080,23146890,"Posted: 22 May, 2016",all,Wildartfly_,"I recommend this game. Its a great game to play with friends. I do think you can enjoy this game alone though. Its a very team oriented game though, so be prepared to be cooperative. It consists of three main roles, The Captain, The Gunner, And The Engineer.The Captain is self explanatory, this is the person that is most likly going to be screaming commands at you through the build-in voice chat.The Gunner is your main offensive, they are the one's that man the guns most of the time. They mainly control the damage that is put out on the enemy.The Engineer is probably one of the most important roles, this is the person that makes sure the ship doesnt blow up. They are in charge of repairing anything and everything at once.I have a lot of fun with this game, and I think you could too.I give this game a 10/10<3"
,Recommended,209080,25585233,"Posted: 19 September, 2016",all,Josh,"This game requires coordination and teamwork. It fosters comradeship and requires leadership.Pilots also have to have a sense of direction and the common sense not to fly straight into the sodding sandstorm. Or crash into mountains/wrecked cities/obstacles.I love this game. It's fun, thrilling and does wonders for teambuilding with my community. The other players are friendly, helpful and fun to talk to, although you do sometimes get that bad egg who is quickly put in their place by others.I have happily pre-ordered Alliance, and I'm keen on seeing what comes next for Guns of Icarus and the Royal Alexandrian Fleet Air Service (AFAS)."
,Recommended,209080,23093781,"Posted: 20 May, 2016",all,❤ ImℒazyKhajit❤,"Great gameplay, great community, great developers. What's not to like?"
,Recommended,209080,24572018,"Posted: 28 July, 2016",all,SpicyCandy,"Guns of Icarus Online, an amazingly well-put together game. I highly recommend this......however, having friends to play with would greatly help. Why?Guns of Icarus Online is a multiplayer FPS/Strategy game of sorts. Teams of 4 work together and manage an airship, one that is fitted with various weapons, perks, and/or stats that vary from airship to airship. The objective is simple: down enough enemy airships to reach the goal. However simple the objective may be, the game itself is a myriad of strategms. Teamwork is essential in this game; without it, a crew will not be able to perform at maximum capacity. However, with teamwork, skill, and a bit of luck on your side, your crew can turn a harmless looking airship into a powerful, dominating dirigible in the skies.The mounted weapons on each ship, coupled with the tools that each class is allotted, are quite balanced and fair. No slot should be left empty, everything must be carefully selected and used. The game itself is not difficult, nor is it frustrating. Rather, it is user friendly and has quite the low learning curve.The community in this game is quite friendly and very mature. No problems with it."
,Not Recommended,209080,29594502,Posted: 30 January,all,glowguy,Love this game but seriously you are waiting to find a game more than actually playing.
,Not Recommended,209080,21784675,"Posted: 12 March, 2016",all,King,"This game would have been amoung my top played games IF, it didn't have very limited servers as an australian it's hard to find a game thats not so popular and play it, like this. The game does not have any aus/oceonia servers, that's why I'm down voting this.However if your american, you might enjoy the game :)"
,Recommended,209080,8361372,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,SirShotgun,"So I got this game. I played it once. I took a break and had food, good food mind you. Then I played it twice. Yet again I took a break. This time I slept. I slept for 9 hours. The alarm clock went off at 9AM but I turned it off. When I finally woke up at 9:04AM I had breakfast. It was a waffle. Some syrup was on it. I forgot to toast it though. The syrup was warm so it made up for it. By this time I was full. I stood up and pushed my chair in. Only enough so I could get up mind you. I washed the plate and my hands, with soap, mind you. It was lemon strawberry coconut soap, what will they think up next? luckily it was only 9:18Am now so I could still get to school before I was hungry again. I drove to school. Then I parked my car. I parked on the 3rd space from the left. Then I realized I forgot my pants. But it was ok because it was a dream. Then I woke up it was actually 9:05AM. Figuring I woudln't be able to make it too school before I was hungry I played the game a thrid time. Then I realized it was lunch. I had a taco. From Taco Bell. I had runs the next day. It ruined my toilet. I went to the doctor for my illness and I got a medicine for it. It tasted worse than baby vomit. baby vomit doesn't tast good. I then played the game a fourth time. This time I stopped and watched the TV. Nothing good was on it. Thats because I dusted though. Normally I have a really cool action figure of the pope on the top right corner. Channel 45 had a marathon of info-mercials which I quite enjoyed."
,Recommended,209080,13456346,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,Drewsko,Thank god these airships are filled with helium or KAPLOWIE!
,Recommended,209080,13765025,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,Tibincrunch,"GOIO is a fun and unique game that focuses on teamplay and communiation. With plenty of ships, weapons, and customizations available you'll always be looking for new combinations to try with your friends. The community is small but friendly if you're willing to learn. A new ""Adventure Mode"" is supposedly in development along with cross-platform multiplayer, so new content and a larger player base is on the way."
,Recommended,209080,13794265,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,Vladibear,"Good game. Hard for novice player, but it pays off with deep lore, nice atmosphere, and tactical depth!"
,Recommended,209080,20258314,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,Uni✰Chan✰,Nepu Nepu in Fire !captain : OMG THERE'S ANEMY !!me : i can't see it !captain : use your eyes laaaaame : i'm using mechinegun nowcaptain : break it now !me : wtfwould break the machinegun again
,Recommended,209080,10178477,"Posted: 20 May, 2014",all,Kodeir,"A really charming and fantastic game for the cost. The concepts can take people some getting used to, but the game really does offer an experience that most games do not. It has all the downfalls that come with being a competitive game, but the benefits seem ten fold over MOBAs and FPSs in the sense that when you win there is a truly gratifying team experience almost every match. You feel like the captain of a ship, you feel the pressure of being an engineer as the ship begins to burn, and you feel satisfaction in well-timed and placed volleys made at the gunner position. It is one of the few games I've ever played where I didn't think the game was balanced to how people deal damage."
76561198097650267,Recommended,209080,11368592,"Posted: 22 July, 2014",all,PurpleFox,"The community on this game fights with giant metal war machines, then goes to the Pub and hangs out like your best friends.I have no clue how the community in this game is so amazing."
,Recommended,209080,26402930,"Posted: 3 November, 2016",all,RagingB,"I like it a lot, too bad my friends got bored and this game is only fun if you have a group of 4.All aboard!!!!"
,Recommended,209080,1404116,"Posted: 22 February, 2013",all,Door Master,"DO NOT LISTEN TO THE METASCORE, THE REVIEWERS HAVEN'T A CLUE!If you know what's good for you, click on the 'Read Critic Reviews' button and look at the User Score the game has on there!!!You tell me if 158 people rating it to an average of 8.8/10 is a bad game?I thought not.Anyway, I would to point out that this game is one of my favourite games of all time, it also has an active competitive community, to which I have played in from around the beginning of it being set up.I would also like to point out that there is an amazing expansion being released sometime next year to add an MMORPG element to this game, so I would pick this game up in preperation for that, because when that arrives, this game will pobably be regarded as one of the best indie games of all time."
76561198047225520,Recommended,209080,7914757,"Posted: 4 December, 2013",all,Floppsy1,There isnt an experiance like this anywhere else. Its definatly a must play game and so fun and emersive. That and steampunk airships!
76561198030419196,Recommended,209080,8035408,"Posted: 13 December, 2013",all,<HTL> iceman27406,Excelent multiplayer game. If you like games that require extensive teamwork this is the game for you. Extremly helpful and helpful gaming comunity for new players. Definitly recommend
,Recommended,209080,10412722,"Posted: 9 June, 2014",all,AgiSkills,People yell at me a lot 6/5 -igamespotn
76561198103199389,Recommended,209080,10202496,"Posted: 22 May, 2014",all,uncleposey74,"Due to sale Currently going on at the time of this review, i decided to let my opinon be known about Guns of icarus.GOI online is a Team-based game in which you and your crew battle other airships for supremacy of the skies.The Major selling point for me is that i have yet to see a game quite like GOI online.Therefore on uniqueness alone i could give it a possible recommend.The gameplay has variety, with moments ranging from fast-paced heart pumping action to slow tension building moments. Some people have complained that the gameplay can get a little slow and this is true during certain matches. It is not a twitch shooter by any means.The Graphics:There is no ground-breaking textures to be found in GOI online, While some may  dislike this, i do not mind it at all. I would describe the graphic style as Warm and inviting, Not cutting edge.The Ships and combat of GOI are where you find the meat of the game.Each ship feels unique in the way it handles and the way you must fly and move around on it.There is a noticible difference when you go from piloting a heavy ship to a far lighter vessel.The weapons also add a lot of depth to this game with many different types of weapons and ammo that have varying effects on how your shots behave in flight.The movement of your ship and the enemies is also a factorA word of caution to the Rambo's out there. This is a team game to the extreme.Do not expect to be a one man army in GOI. Victory requires the entire crew to communicate,Calling out enemy vessels. Directing the pilot to manuever to give you a shot,Calling out repairs etc.If team games and Steam punk airships sound good to you i say give this little gem a try.There is also plans by the devs to add open-world gameplay in the future. I do not know if it will happen anytime soon or ever but there is already plenty of game here for your money."
76561198014480254,Recommended,209080,2912911,"Posted: 10 September, 2013",all,genozide,"Steampunk airship indie battlegame. Promotes teamwork, is fun, continously improving and interesting. Favourite teamwork game at the moment. Great developer Musegames and solid community. Better than many games at full price.Recommend it to everyone who likes teamwork and a game that is a bit different.A lot more content still coming for this game. Try it!UPDATE:This indie game i thought had a lot of effort. now it's tweaked and balanced to hell. the individuality, choice and control is gone, the last thread of expansions and dreams gone. it doesn't appeal to me anymore. sorry. i lost my favourite gun after last patch. that was the last straw. sorry community that was left.. sorry to every old friend i already had lost in that game. should have let go earlier. saved a couple years."
76561198092734700,Recommended,209080,17866026,"Posted: 3 September, 2015",all,Gully Man,"Outstanding first-person game where you are either a pilot, gunner or engineer on a 4-person steampunk airship with various weapons (gatling guns, rocket launchers, flamethrowers and more).  You play in matches where a team of 2 ships fights another 2-ship team, or in larger 3v3 or 4v4 matches, set in beautiful 3D maps in various settings (arctic, desert, ruined urban landscape, canyons).There is a bit of a learning curve at first, becoming familiar with the various ship types, rangng from the speedy Squid (which I like to think of as a ""sports car with machine guns""), to the ponderous but powerful Galleon.  You also have to become familiar with the different repair tools, pilot tools, ammunition types and weapons.This is very much a game where teamwork and communication are key - the pilot has to position the ship to work with teammates to attack enemies, the gunners mainly shoot weapons, and the engineers keep the ship alive, while also firing weapons as needed.  If the crew (and team) does not work together smoothly, disaster is likely to be the result.I've played this game for over two years, at least several days per week, so you can tell I really like it, and recommend it to anyone interested in this genre.  Don't be discouraged at first when you go down in flames and your ship parts decorate the landscape, we all start somewhere :)The people in the community are generally very helpful to new players, especially if they have good attitudes about learning new things and listen to good advice (which is true of almost anything in life, really.)So come aboard and see what's going on!"
,Recommended,209080,12824736,"Posted: 6 November, 2014",all,Wolfpad,"This is such a great game. It requires some thought, TONS of teamwork and communication. AND, it's really fun! I love the entire concept of air battleships. There are so many ways to outwit your enemies by hiding behind clouds, structures, at different altitudes, and using an ally as a bait. I always feel really good after a good run of playing a few matches.10/10"
,Recommended,209080,11616910,"Posted: 9 August, 2014",all,Hogan-Dazs,This game is great. It's a unique game bulit on teamwork and strategy. Everything in the game has an awesome Steampunk look and feel. Great to play with friends. 9/10(Note: Get a good captain or you're screwed)
,Recommended,209080,14289389,"Posted: 1 February, 2015",all,Snek,"When I first joined this war, I was a quiet man, looking to shoot a couple ships down. I now pilot a Pyramidion. It flies like a cow, and hits like a tank.  I fly in a way only the brave, and reckless do. My clan members, accepting, and my crew, personal. As I fly the majestic Firebird into battle, spitting flames and raddling off gatling fire, only one cry is heard above all. The pain of enemies? No. The war cry of I.SHMUSH SHMUSHHHHH!!!"
,Recommended,209080,13753760,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,この世の果てで恋を唄うアイカ,"The ABCs of Guns of Icarus: Always Be Crashin' into the side of hapless enemies.Also, with three friends and microphones, this game is about the most fun you can have with your computer that doesn't involve naughty pictures and your right hand. Hell, even with pubs it works out most of the time; you don't run into as many awful human beings as you do on, say, League of Legends."
,Recommended,209080,13950169,"Posted: 11 January, 2015",all,Solarium,"Recommendation for Guns of Icarus Online.PROS:-Game is easy to understand in the beginning.-Multiplayer is easy and mostly accessible to all players.-Character Progression is endorsed.-Easy to navigate UI for the player.CONS:-Clans have no reason to be used overall.-Character Progression is tideous sometimes to upgrade.-Sense of playing the same thing every game with no changes.Notes:-Playing Online with randoms is not as fun as playing with friends.-You may choose to level up 1 job, but then in-game not be able to be that job as it is already taken.-Clans are contradictory to the fact there is no easy way to do clanvsclan.Rating:8.2/10Overall:I would recommend Guns Of Icarus Online to players who have a lot of time to level up their character, has a lot of friends on frequently who own the game, and if you straight up like character progression and teamwork."
,Recommended,209080,10346087,"Posted: 4 June, 2014",all,Captain Pumpking,It's a good game!
,Recommended,209080,25666219,"Posted: 24 September, 2016",all,NunchBunks,This game is everything I wanted it to be... Steampunk airship battles with your friends screaming at the top of your voice and inevitably bursting into flames... Or at least thats my experience of it! 8/10 : hopefully there will be many updates to come improving this already great game!
76561198014275179,Recommended,209080,13813070,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,Dub,"Very fun game!The game has a first person perspective, and you play as either a pilot, engineer, or gunner.Pilots control the ship's three dimensional movement through a myriad of systems. They use lift to direct their movement up and down (w+s) and engines to turn left or right and to move forward, or backward. The speed of forward and backward movement can be controlled with the throttle (r+f). They have a choice of items that alters the ship's capabilities for a short period of time, usually at the damage of a relevant system. There are a lot of choices - moonshine in the engines for a quick boost; a chute vent to help you lose altitude quickly; tar barrels that make smog which damages ships that pass through it - and a good few more. It's the pilot's job to ensure the crew stays on task, in position, and alive.Engineers keep the ships running. The major systems of a ship - engines, balloon, weapons, and hull armor - can all be damaged during conflict. These systems will individually shut down to the detriment of the ship's crew. No engines means no movement, and  no balloon means you crash into the ground. No weapons means you can't defend yourself, and no hull armor means your ship's health will begin to take direct damage until either the armor is repaired or you disintegrate. Engineers can bring three repair items with them which repair the ship's components in different ways, but they can also bring ammo, so in those rare times when you're not getting shot you can adequately man a nearby gun. It's good to know which gun(s) on a ship you are likely to be using as an engineer and bring the complimentary ammo.Gunners are simplier, and some people would argue unnecessary. Gunners have the unique ability to bring three types of ammo, rather than the single slot restricted to the engineer. This means that there are certain situations where a gunner is helpful, but those times are honestly quite rare. However, I find it is common on the small to medium sized ships that three engineers are neither necessary nor overly helpful; conveniently, all but the largest of ships have most of their vital systems within a relatively small running distance. So with only two engineers necessary to keep the ship moving that means you'll likely have one crew member always on a gun anyway. Even when that person needs to jump off their gun to do emergency repairs, the only engineering item they would usually need is a spanner or a mallet. So while a gunner doesn't necessarily bring huge advantages to a group (I hope to see this change), I disagree with the notion that they bring any direct disadvantage to a crew.The game has seven ships currently, all with vastly different layouts, stats, and playstyles. From my time playing it all seems relatively ""balanced""; it's important to know what your ship is good at and play to those strengths. A Squid with its measly mass and three medium gun slots won't be able to stand toe-to-toe with a Galleon - a hulking double decker monstrosity with two large gun slots on either broadside - for very long. Solution? Use the Squid's astronomically higher speed and mobility to do strafe runs on the Galleon or stay behind it so that you only have its rear gun slot to worry about. All seven ships have such varied roles, and while some are surely favorited and some fallen into a more niche category, all command their own respect and strategy to compete with.There are microtransactions in the game, I believe I spent somewhere around $10 on this game during my time playing it. With that in-game currency I purchased an outfit for my character with paint and accessories for my ships. Since then I have not needed to purchase anything as there is nothing but cosmetic options in the store. I think the prices were relatively fair and I had no complications using steam wallet to purchase the currency.Overall I would rate this game a solid 8/10. If you can grab it on a 75% off sale, and you like the style of game, it would be silly not to get it. That being said, the game is much better if you can play it with friends. The game's interface is very accomidating to this; it has its own friends list, crew system, and matchmaking. Communication is vital in this game, and unfortunately I have heard whisperings that the public group community in this game is as bad as it is in every public grouped competitive game. But what makes friends better than a little gunship warfare? YAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAARTLDR; 8/10, blow♥♥♥♥♥♥up on a gunship with your buddies"
76561198045750486,Recommended,209080,13036369,"Posted: 21 November, 2014",all,Garfielf,"Fun game to play mith your m8's, but I would only reccomend picking this game up when it's on sale. Fun game but gets repetitve and boring after around 5 hours of gameplay, requires communication. Othrewise very unique, not 8/8 could be better."
,Recommended,209080,23857317,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,∙ᴺᴱᵀ | Green,"Incredibly innovative, a very fun game to play with friends."
76561198015201129,Recommended,209080,18092854,"Posted: 18 September, 2015",all,Kubitsuri,"After many updates.NOW it is good for newbies and experts.Good balance, Exciting match,Interesting players all over the world!"
,Recommended,209080,17014282,"Posted: 12 July, 2015",all,"its me yoshi-p, creator of ffxiv","Played this with three other friends. One piloting, two engineering and me on gunsNonstop barking of orders and panicing when your altitude dropsINCREDIBLE TEAMBUILDING GAMEPLAY"
,Recommended,209080,25701460,"Posted: 25 September, 2016",all,Just Spencer,Low expectations...blown away just...amazing game and better than that as of right now 9/25/2016 it has a great playerbase who for the most part take there time to teach you or are very understanding when you make mistakes. Chances are the expereinced people are still learning things that the new guys are learning. I could rave all day about it but i doubt you read the entire thing so all i will say now is just buy it...you wont regret it.
76561197991857481,Recommended,209080,17878966,"Posted: 4 September, 2015",all,Prophet_01,"After already spending more than 100 hours with this indie treasure, I feel kinda guilty that I haven't yet took the time to write a review. I will do my best to not oversell this which is kinda hard as it's actually one of the most unique and fun games I've played yet.Guns of Icarus is a game with a pretty unique approach towards teamplay and a deep, tactical gameplay. As a member of a crew of 4 you will be trying your best to keep your airship in the air. You'll have to work together, coordinate and anticipate each other's next move to work efficiently and win a match. That's still just one aspect of what's required on the teamplay aspect. Communication is the key to form a good crew and it's rly fun to be part of that while calling out targets, celebrating shot down enemies and trying not to panic while being hunted by other crews.Each match features 2 teams consisting of 2 to 4 ships that fight for victory. So teamwork again is a big factor as the captains will have to coordinate their maneuvers and tactics.Once you learned the basic mechanics, you might realize that the winning teams are the one's with the better communication and teamwork. Lone wolfs don't get get anywhere in this game and often find themselves overwhelmed by efficient crews.The game provides all the necessary tools and settings to help you play with the people you like and organize in crews, fleets and clans. And don't worry if none of your friends is currently playing the game. There are plenty of crews out there just waiting for new people to join them. If you are willing to communicate you'll easily find new friends.So get your microphone up and look for more experienced players to help you with the first steps :)There are community embassadors that do just that: helping new people to start off and learn the ropes. But in general, large parts of the community are rly helpfull and polite.Regarding the future of the game: the developers are about to realease a new super sized expansion with a coop mode against ai controlled ships that will also offer a more progression orientated gameplay and lots of new content.If you are afraid they will do EA or SEGA-style rip-offs with mass produced dlc's, don't be. This is the first expansion of a game that has been around and developed for 3 years. The ingame store only sells cosmetic items, like ship decals or costumes, but even those can be unlocked by simply playing the game or joining one of the weekly events like ""fight the devs"" (they let the wining team pick something from the store afterwards).There is no Pay2Win here. In fact you get the full range of airships, weapons and tools just after proving yourself in novice matches with the other new players. If you are super impatient, you may just as well skip that part and start of right away with the full variety of options. There will be no veterans stomping you with stupid high level gear or premium guns like in Battlefield or CoD. Everyone has equal options in any given match. The only things that matter are teamwork, communication skills and experience.If you are not sure about purchasing, Just watch a let's play or two. You wil know pretty quickly if this is the kind of game you like. As someone who played this A LOT recently I'm just gonna end this review with...See you up there in the skies!"
76561198052000382,Recommended,209080,27932074,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Lukas,"While it is a little sparse nowadays, player-wise, Guns of Icarus is an excellent game where your motley crew of misfits (which may be in the form of your friends) go up into the skies in your sky boat, and shoot down other sky boats.There IS a lot more nuance to that simple statement. While attempting to kaboom other ships, your crew must repair your ship before it gets kaboomed. Engineers are the best at repair, while Gunners do the kabooming. Pilots, the third class, are the... well, the pilots of your sky boat, and also are normally the captain of the sky boat. Pilots get fancy things which can change how the ship flies, in exchange, when you use it, your engineer yells at you and your skyboat's engine or balloon takes some damage.This game is a great pickup, if you have friends to play with. Due to the sparce playerbase, I wouldn't advise buying this game for the solo play.Grab a few friends, take to the skies, and shoot down some sky boats, and laugh once everything goes horribly wrong."
,Recommended,209080,21980996,"Posted: 22 March, 2016",all,󠀡󠀡󠀡󠀡󠀡RTTON,just here to mention the awesome tip box 10/10
,Recommended,209080,10226977,"Posted: 25 May, 2014",all,Sir Chucklenuts™,"You're missing out, man."
,Recommended,209080,19021651,"Posted: 11 November, 2015",all,bibadirido,"Brilliant community, simple gameplay with depth, fun teamplay"
76561198043831775,Recommended,209080,8639033,"Posted: 9 January, 2014",all,Melon Bread.,"Really entertaining game, but i suggest you play with a group of friends."
,Recommended,209080,4750178,"Posted: 8 June, 2013",all,AK23,"Let me put it this way: I haven't had so much fun in a game since Diablo 2, and I'm not even playing with friends. And I'm not really into steampunk. I love every aspect of this game, starting with the map design, the cooperativ parts, the fights, the tension when you finish a last second repair. It's sheer awesomeness camouflage as a game!"
,Recommended,209080,16447527,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,Squash,"Really fun to play,not hard to learn,great for teamwork lovers."
,Recommended,209080,10774061,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,Toasted Roaster,You can jump off the ship. 10/10
,Recommended,209080,33126817,Posted: 2 July,all,⚒NikiiFallen⚒,7/10Good Game But There's only few servers.
76561198094752240,Recommended,209080,23663642,"Posted: 19 June, 2016",all,Infinity Exode,"Played it for 2 hours,at first i didnt think it was anything special, then i got good at the game10/10 needs more kerosene for my engines"
,Recommended,209080,20789391,"Posted: 27 January, 2016",all,Lummeck,"Guns of Icarus Onlineis a steampunk airship combat game. As a pilot, I choose and customise an airship (you get all the airships when you buy the game, no airship DLC nonsense) and either wait for a crew or invite some friends. There can be up to three crew members, and if nobody shows up then AIs do the job (badly, of course, since they're hard to communicate with).Crew members will be one of two chosen classes: gunner or engineer. Gunners man the guns, engineers repair - in theory. Anyone can man a gun, and engineers often will do so when nothing needs repairing.And now to what I actually think. It's a fun game, with great aesthetics - when I go to ram an airship (and Ialwaysend up ramming), I can see the crew of the other ship. They're so tiny. They look like little ants. I like ants. Have you ever seen a close-up picture of an ant? Yeah, ants are cool. Ant-Man had some pet ants, I think. He could shrink, too.*Ahem* Anyway. Your character is customiseable, though most stuff requires you to buy (or design!) items from the store. So either your crew or ships that are really really close will see it.There's a few issues, though - many people seem to be unable to refrain from naming their ship something ridiculous, like ""Yoda's Virginity"". I had to give orders to my crew like ""Quick, after TheYoda's Virginity!"" or ""DestroyYoda's Virginity!"". I felt quite silly.Also, my ship is haunted. An AI keeps appearing and just charging right off the side and vanishing. It's a funny glitch.In conclusion, it's a steampunk game about airships and the airships explode with fireworks when they die. You should buy it if you like airships, but everyone likes airships, so you should probably buy it."
,Recommended,209080,8387432,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,KitKatKitty86,Amazing game with a great community that supports it
,Recommended,209080,6602850,"Posted: 29 August, 2012",all,Archriel,"Brilliant. Put you team-work and orginization skills to the test, in this strategic Shooter. Maintain, defened and destroy your way to victory in air to air-ship combat.The aesthetics of this game are absalutely stunning to me, and all weapons and ships are very well balanced, the whole game is PvP so that is perfect. Not a complaint to be made, I just eagerly await more BALANCED content!"
,Recommended,209080,15982137,"Posted: 24 May, 2015",all,Extreze,"With the right crew, this game is great!"
,Recommended,209080,20936463,"Posted: 3 February, 2016",all,Freyn.,"One of the most teamwork demanding games I have played, with a very active and involved developer team.Airship combat, from 2v2 to 4v4, 4 players per ship consisting of a mixture of pilots, gunners and engineers, attempting to work together within the ship itself and further teamwork with their allies ships as well. A Multitude of ship designs, guns, ammunitions and crew tools make it possible to play in a vast variety of manners and no two games are ever truly the same.The graphics aren't best in the buisness but they are still very nice to look at, views across the horizon are especially beautiful. With a steampunk setting there is a familiar aesthetic to it all, with plenty of cosmetic unlocks / purchases providing a variety of character options as well as some ship customization.As for the bad points, it's one biggest flaw sadly is that the playerbase is so small, as almost all of it's gameplay issues could be solved by simply having a larger pool of players to draw from. The two main complaints players seem to have is that games can take a while to begin (players join a lobby to assemble crews) and that the teams can often be rather uneven, both would be solveable if it had more players for the matchmaker to draw from. It's not it's only issue, but it's the only one that causes problems.The community at present is very small frequently meeting the same players, and as a result is very friendly, most of the veterans are more than willing to help teach newer players the ropes. For anyone wishing to start I would recommend doing so during a steam sale and/or weekend, as there will be more activity allowing for a novice-only match to fill up and less of a steep curve.Edit: A year later I've come back to play again, game is still fun as ever with a friendly community (mostly, you'll never get everyone), few more novices around. The only negative to say after this time is that the developers haven't really changed much in Skirmish due to their focus on upcoming PvE mode ""Alliance""."
76561198097753081,Recommended,209080,14104894,"Posted: 21 January, 2015",all,Shadorian,"Nearly all the ships are named after sea creatures!  What'll I be flying next, a Sponge?An incredibly unique title that demands teamwork.  It's hard to find a ship without someone on the mike and the community is really nice (few ragers, mike spammers, etc).  That being said it's really fun and you won't find anything like it anywhere else.  It already is incredibly good and hinted future content has promise.PROS:-Unique, balanced, and addicting gameplay-In game manuals and references-Well thought-out class and ship design-In depth character and ship customization-AMAZING maps and artwork-Variety of guns for each mount, each with upsides and downsides-Cosmetics can easily be obtained without spending money-All guns and equipment are unlocked in the beginning (no grinding for items)CONS:-Not too many people online at any one time; however you're still pretty much guarunteed to find a match-Linear achievement system can make it really hard to progress at timesCo-op and Adventure mode sound promising; count me in!"
,Recommended,209080,33464885,Posted: 11 July,all,Usual Hypebeast,"Guns of Icarus OnlineI came across the game while I was scrolling through the steam shop and was caught by it's unique look and game mechanic. I showed it to my friends, tyring to convince them to play it too. It turned out that they like Guns of Icarus Online just as well as I do. Although we haven't spent to much hours on the game so far I'm quite satisfied with it already. I love its steampunk design and the way the game works and it also it has a lovely soundtrack. It's a lot of fun especially if you play it with your friends. Consindering the price of 5€ It's definitely worth buying it!"
76561198019326775,Recommended,209080,17194565,"Posted: 23 July, 2015",all,Anominous_rex,"Stupidly fun gameplay that focuses on teamwork and communication so easy to get drawn into a moment. PS ""Ships For Dayz!"""
,Recommended,209080,25994387,"Posted: 12 October, 2016",all,AezothGames,"This game is fantastic! Mixes a few different game types, great online multiplayer and just way too fun to pass up!"
,Recommended,209080,3112983,"Posted: 4 May, 2013",all,Sean Kapslock,"Jumping Jesus on a pogo stick, ignore the dang Metarating. This game is amazing, get some friends (at least 2), a competant captain, and climb aboard one of the most entertaining team based experiences since the gang bang."
,Recommended,209080,12791147,"Posted: 4 November, 2014",all,Fern_Fox,Very fun. Get it -75% off ($5) untill Nov. 10.9/10
,Recommended,209080,13564930,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,JoneK,Fun for the whole family :) If you have 3 brothers..
,Recommended,209080,18669644,"Posted: 24 October, 2015",all,Coconut Cream,"Very fun, you and your enemies control a flying ship and must work together to beat the enemy team, on each flying ship you have different roles such as captain who flies or engineer who repairs it and you can modify your ship to a different type."
,Recommended,209080,21282315,"Posted: 17 February, 2016",all,ElPixelBloco,"PROS- Focus on tactics over twitch reactions- High customisablity- Good community- FUN- High replayability- Graphics and Sound are well polishedCONS- Very addictive- Menu system needs better explanation for newbies, but not too difficult to get the hang ofTruth be told, this is easily one of the better Multiplayer offerings available on Steam !For a brief overview, this game is all about team planning and strategy. But where other games focus on twitch reactions and the like, Guns of Icarus is more of a deliberate slow burner. Every move you make is critical, but a quick trigger finger is less important than setting up where you are going next. Once you get in close and all hell breaks loose, it is rare to feel cheated in the event of destruction - it just means you have to regroup and try a new approach. Half the fun is in the endlessly replayable variance of trying to overcome different captains and their new tricks while maneuvering between the canyons, wrecks and sandstorms of the map.Even before you get into an actual match, there is a huge amount of customisation and planning you can undertake to provide subtle advantages (and disadvantages). Not only do the three classes (Pilot, Engineer, Gunner) each have special 'stamina' abilities dedicated to the left shift key which range from enhanced ship mobility, quicker reloading and faster in person sprinting, but they also have access to extra slots for their respective class items that dictate what they can do. Engineers can choose from various repair tools, Gunners from a variety of ammo types and Pilots can pick from a number of ship-based 'buff' abilities that can help maneuver in times of trouble. This, coupled with the large number of cool airships each with their own unique configurations of customisable weapon placements, gives the entire game an impressive level of tactical feel few others match. Do you go for the long range barrages of a Hwacha-armed Galleon, or hope to outmaneuver it with a zippy flamer-equipped Squid?The community itself is welcoming and pleasantly receptive to banter - I have had no trouble with anyone, and though not everyone has mics there is a comprehensive set of commands issuable via the 'V' key to cover almost all situations. If you DO get a team full of mics, though, then it turns into a joyful mad cacophany of communication as gunners call out targets out of arc and engineers shout out for help putting out engine fires while the Pilot converses with the other captains calling out battle plans.All in all, it is definitely worth the money whether you are just looking for a fresh multiplayer experience or you are after something deeper and far more unique than available elsewhere. The 4-pack is a steal, and even more so when it is on sale.Grab some friends and rule the high skies !"
76561198139408649,Not Recommended,209080,29493097,Posted: 25 January,all,Ablutomaniac,"It's fun, but the community never grows past 400 in-game at a time.Matchmaking isveryslow."
76561198055518500,Recommended,209080,9246445,"Posted: 24 February, 2014",all,adamobrienty,Niall Byrne
,Recommended,209080,18701466,"Posted: 26 October, 2015",all,Cobrastan,"Very addictive IF you can find a match, which can take hours at lower levels. Other than that its a good game and relatively cheap."
,Recommended,209080,7618155,"Posted: 9 November, 2013",all,Wally,Imagine two sets of four dudes suspended by balloons and small propellers jacking off and trying to hit each other.
,Recommended,209080,13580669,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,csingacs,"You should only buy this if you have some friends to play together with. The community is a bit thin, so going alone might result in sharing your boat with AI only. The game is still awesome, so I highly recommend it."
,Not Recommended,209080,33393130,Posted: 8 July,all,♛ Levin Dubron ♛,hard to find servers
,Recommended,209080,23375002,"Posted: 4 June, 2016",all,DUNNAPOLYCE,This Game is really funny you play with other players and if you play with your friend this game is ♥♥♥♥ing funny and enjoyable
76561198091071104,Recommended,209080,8011985,"Posted: 11 December, 2013",all,Valdus,AIRSHIPS YEEAAAH
76561198040569552,Recommended,209080,8034979,"Posted: 13 December, 2013",all,RazRok The Hunter,"Bloody brilliant. This game has a unique vibe and a homely steampunk feel. Take to the skies, form a crew , and unleash your fury upon the other Airships that dare to stand in your path. Needless to say it is Oodles of fun!! BUY IT ALREADY!!!"
,Recommended,209080,10194643,"Posted: 21 May, 2014",all,King.Mash,"Guns of Icarus Online.Game-Wow. This game is truly one of my favorite games. This whole bioshock inf. themed game (as so it seems) really goes good with the whole steam ships fighting. Love the terrian on the maps, great use of the enovirment such as a map were your in the desert and if you go into the dust it messes up your engine and all your other parts because of the dirt and dust getting into all the little parts.Other players/CrewThis is a VERY heavy depended game which if your crew is not all on the same page then it will show in your proformence.-Gunner This class is the firepower of your ship. Must be a good shot with cannon's/Galiting guns/Shotguns. He has the powers to change the ammo type, whether is be fire rounds or rounds that will fly fast and hit hard, but have a lot more bullet drop. Use them wisely and you will have a huge lead over your emeny.-Engi. Besides the pilot this is the most important job on the ship. When your ship on fire or needs a lot of repairs quick and fast the engi will take care of them if they know what they are doing. Your ship can go from good to bad in seconds and your engi needs to be on their feet and aware on whats going on.-Pilot This is normally the captain of the ship. It doesn't matter if you have the best crew if your pilot is not a good one or at least he knows what their are doing then you are completely screwed.8.5/108.5 because if you get in a game with a bad crew then it just takes out of the game. But there is really no fixing that.Ways that I would love this if this was a free roam game and you go to a area and PVP and just be able to sail around a huge open world game and buy and sell with other players and do quest. Yes it sounds like I'm talking about a totally different game but that's what I say about making a new one"
,Recommended,209080,8812353,"Posted: 22 January, 2014",all,Ares the Foxy,"This game has amazing game play, you need to be able to work well with your team. If you and three of your friend want a team game to play, this is the game for you."
,Recommended,209080,14555060,"Posted: 19 February, 2015",all,Logicalia,woo airship killin
76561198122090323,Recommended,209080,31044240,Posted: 9 April,all,George Bush,"Great game to play with or without friends, teamwork and communication is a must, but the community is one if not the best ones i have ever seen.Its not repetitive because every ship, loadout and crew make for a completely new experience.All the people complaining about Alliance: It's a Standalone expansion for the game, think of it like World of Warcraft's legion or many other expansions, but this one is standalone.Without it theres already a♥♥♥♥♥♥ton of content, and for a game taht costs 5$ it's more than enough.One of my best purchases"
76561198006636590,Not Recommended,209080,35089144,Posted: 20 September,all,KillerBean,"I would not recommend this game because after 1.5hrs of playing, there was only 1 game available in the clobal network, not enough players to support the game. The game looks good, but nobody plays it.My recommendation: Do not buy it. Save your money for something else"
76561197971308505,Recommended,209080,28535455,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,Swiskon,"This is exclusively online and is definitely different than most games. You go on a flying ship with a crew of four. One drives the vessel and the other three shoots at other ships and repair yours. You’re two ships on each team (two teams). There is different objectives but the gameplay differ very slightly. It’s team deathmatch, king of the hill and hunter hunted. All of them is you and your crew-members keeping your fly-ship afloat and the enemies not so much.The most fun is when you feel a good sync between crew members. That is why I recommend that you find three other friends to play with. I only played with one friend and two strangers and that does bring down the gameplay a lot for me. It’s vital that you have a oral way to bring information. Time and timing is of, as all 90:s commercials would say, EXTREME importance in this game (you should read out extreme in a cool voice).I do recommend the game but will warn you that it’s not so much wild action. The ships are slightly clumsy and a lot of gameplay is repairing rather than blasting. With friends this game is almost a must buy. Without friends you might want to double check your alternatives.PS: Works on LINUX!EDIT: The achievement system is ridiculous. 875 achievements!?! You get like three just to finish one of the three tutorials. It takes away any feeling of actually have done something for it. It makes the game feel like something you buy cheap just to get more achievements. They should take away like 800 of them."
,Recommended,209080,34457912,Posted: 24 August,all,The Abby,"Never laught so hard with my Crew...""TURN TO STARBOARD"" -Gunner""WE AINT A F*CKING SPACE SHIP"" -Captain""I'M REPAIRING THE BALOON"" -Engineer""SH*T NIBBA WE GOING DOWN"" -Captain"
,Recommended,209080,13192782,"Posted: 1 December, 2014",all,Billabong Dan,"Great communityGreat gameplay10/10 would play with Gunners with buffhammers on an All Lochnagar Harpoon Squid with Moonshine, Spyglass and Range Finder again."
,Recommended,209080,8571169,"Posted: 5 January, 2014",all,zoffmode,"Flying steampunk ships, commanding a crew, shooting down and setting fire to other steampunk ships. It's an awesome game. Community and randoms are usually not bad. This game is of course a lot better with a team that has mics. Also, if you buy this game, PLEASE TALK AND USE YOUR VOICE CHAT. You'll have the time of your life if everyone is talking, cursing, cheering, screaming, plotting and making jokes."
76561198104794410,Recommended,209080,10375158,"Posted: 6 June, 2014",all,Jeff,Considered it recommended
76561198010896720,Recommended,209080,13657562,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,MajorTahm,"The concept of this game is great. You fly around and have airship dogfights, and you can use all your sailing terminology like you know what it all means!The tutorial went thru pretty quick, so I'd recommend taking the time to play them twice and review the controls.Matchmaking never takes more than a few minutes to find a match, and empty crew slots are filled with AI. From what I've seen, AI can be lacking and you'll wish you want a real player. Until you get matched with someone who doesn't know what's going on... then you'll want your AI back. If someone leaves, AI take their place which is a huge plus in these kind of games as you aren't left shorthanded.There is a bit of a learning curve, but leveling is slow which gives you the time to get on page with everything. Once you reach level 8 you are no longer restricted to novice matches.I have not yet reached level 8, so I have limited customization of ships and characters. But it seems you can modify anything from your ship guns down to your character's voice.Playing solo is not a hinderance, you can ingame text and voice chat to your crew, team, or captains. But if you have a group of friends who are looking for a game to play.. Look No Further!9.5/10"
76561198042102752,Recommended,209080,4813460,"Posted: 14 July, 2013",all,Tree,"Dude, buy this ♥♥♥♥ing game. Stop playing Bejeweled or whatever the ♥♥♥♥ and go and buy this and BECOME PART OF A SKY PIRATE CREW! KING OF THE PIRATES!"
76561198079045113,Recommended,209080,8348203,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,Grügen,best game
76561198081096865,Recommended,209080,13539323,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,PancakeShrapnel,"This is the airship battle game I've always wanted. Such a blast when you form a crew with friends. 10/10, would sail again."
76561197971433676,Recommended,209080,10275085,"Posted: 29 May, 2014",all,Fruit Salad° \k/F\k/,"Very good game with satisfing kills, team cooperation, tactical dog fights, and tons of ship loadouts. And all to be improved by Adventure Mode!"
,Recommended,209080,10745335,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,Dirtypombear,Ahoyyyyy make sure your got the spanner or things will get abit hot. :D
,Recommended,209080,13152862,"Posted: 29 November, 2014",all,polymesh,"Skill matters.Teamwork matters even more.If you love those two things, you'll love Guns of Icarus Online."
,Recommended,209080,10200757,"Posted: 22 May, 2014",all,ASH+Vocaholic,"Had this game for a while but never bothered actually playing an online game until just recently. That said, I'm not sure how this game used to fare back then but it seems to have come a long way. I would go as far as saying it's one of the better games that requires some actual team effort. With your crew depending on an able Captain and or Pilot to steer them in the right direction and vice versa to keep the ship flying and fight back whilst under enemy fire.Some may say the different roles by themselves lack a bit of depth but I think their straightforward playstyle makes it more approachable to newcomers, and I'm doubtful if making it any more complicated would better the game. Furthermore difficulty comes with the ship you'll be flying on which depends on your crew Captain's choice and is open to customization at his/her will as they can be armed with different weapons to specialize in long and/or short range, and each ship has different stats and difficulty in management.As with many games based on teamwork, voice communication is a plus but like I said; because of how direct the roles are, a crew with a bit of commons sense would fare just fine without or by using the in-game commands / text messaging. On contrary to popular belief, the AI isn't as bad as one would think.. people write them off so easily because they are unaware of the existence of orders which if given properly and timely, make the AI a formidable crew not to take lightly. This is however my experience and may be subject to change on higher levels / advanced ships though I highly doubt it unless there's some kind of pathfinding issues.The game has been on sale many times before and packs quite some value at that because in it's current state I do think it's worth the normal pricetag. If you like being part of a crew on an air ship and conquer the skies alongside others in a setting a la steampunk this game is as close as you can get. The feeling of seeing your ship and or crew unleashing hell on your foes and landing those hits is exhilarating to say the least."
76561198018187829,Recommended,209080,7882186,"Posted: 2 December, 2013",all,coolgreenapple,"I played this game for 10 hours yesterday, only taking a brief break 1 hour in to eat."
,Recommended,209080,13193466,"Posted: 1 December, 2014",all,Kaiko 灰狐,Pros+Amazing game balance+Amazing Graphics+Amazing Tools+Amazing Ships+Amazing WeaponsCould be considered Pros or Cons=The player death mechanics are kind of odd.Cons-Small Player Base
,Recommended,209080,8862221,"Posted: 26 January, 2014",all,The Kusk,"Highly recommended, excellent game if you have some friends to play with. Besides the awesome steampunk flying ship theme, the game also catches the  intensity and feel of working together to survive."
,Recommended,209080,14438099,"Posted: 11 February, 2015",all,Rachira,"Hi all,This is the first review I have ever bothered to write. I have been saving my review cherry for something special and THIS IS IT.The game is amazing, the customization, the rushes and most importantly the community.I have already purchased two founders packs for friends to experience this amazingly underrated gem and you should do the same.Thanks for reading and if you do end up getting the game (which you need to for a mere $14) feel free to message me in game so I can help you with the ropes. IGN: CabyreNZ"
,Recommended,209080,10099406,"Posted: 13 May, 2014",all,twitchy,Fun just plain fun. When you play with a bunch of friends its just hands down fun. This game you can have 100/200 ping and no lag. I say GET IT.
,Recommended,209080,8734371,"Posted: 16 January, 2014",all,Trogdor,This is a great game if you are in to strategy and teamwork. I think this game has great music and graphics. If you get this game be sure to have friends that have this. 10/10!
,Recommended,209080,10966094,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,Gabriel Theodoulos,"Gobs and gobs of fun!!!Guns of Icarus is a fantastic team-based PvP game, where you and your buddies can man a steam-punk styled airship, pitting your team against other teams.The more friends you have, the more fun this game becomes."
,Recommended,209080,11386936,"Posted: 24 July, 2014",all,Run3,hands down best community in gaming!
,Recommended,209080,10075702,"Posted: 10 May, 2014",all,Phresh,"Guns of Icarus is something different i feel as if the ratings it got weren't accurate i believe IGN said something along the lines of getting boring because all you do is shoot people. Something like that. When i look at IGN's review for cod.... 92. Icarus has some decent graphics, customizations and gameplay like no other and IGN's telling me COD's better..... Stop playing cod start playing Guns of Icarus"
76561197999496491,Recommended,209080,10055713,"Posted: 8 May, 2014",all,Mattiator,"An excellent twist on the classic team-on-team action, demanding skill and cooperation with both your shipmates and ships controlled by other players in several game modes. Unfortunately, there just isn't much here for solo players. This is very much a game where your enjoyment will be determined by who you play it with. The developers are very good, with frequent updates and tons of planned new content in the near future to keep the game continuously refreshing. It may not be perfect but you'd be hard-pressed to find a better ""gaming night"" game for the price."
,Recommended,209080,11161558,"Posted: 9 July, 2014",all,Harano,I attempted to board another ship by jumping from the poop deck onto their cannons.I hit an invisible wall and plummeted to my death.SkyPiracy/1
76561198104909193,Recommended,209080,17203972,"Posted: 24 July, 2015",all,GrizzlyEarJack,Flew my Galleon between two Pyramidions while blasting the theme song to Pirates of the Carribean over game chat.Destroyed both ships.10/10 would Captain Jack Sparrow airships again
76561198010405543,Recommended,209080,2644074,"Posted: 22 March, 2013",all,Wafflenolium,If only EVE had controls like this.
76561198038371482,Recommended,209080,4514487,"Posted: 21 August, 2013",all,Rat 13,"Wanna a team based, co-op, steampunk game? About airships? Where teamwork is actually can make all the difrence between win and lose? Then what are ye waiting for? Buy Guns of Icarus Online and have fun!"
76561197996505474,Recommended,209080,13316218,"Posted: 11 December, 2014",all,Spunkmeyer,"I've only played Guns of Icarus for about 7 hours, but damn is it the co-op game I've been looking for for a long time. You can not win, you can not have fun, you can not do anything on your own.. but when 4 people are coordinated and form a well honed crew, you can and will do all of the above.It is an indie game, and there are some bugs, and there are some things I would have done otherwise in the process. And it is steampunk.. I really really hate steampunk (lets take the worst parts of fantasy and and sci-fi and make a shallow ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ genre of it that makes you depressed just looking at it).But despite this, the game really delivers. I really hope that developers take note and make more games like this. Like, soon."
76561198138570507,Recommended,209080,11732347,"Posted: 15 August, 2014",all,hydrolicious,"Guns of Icarus Online is the best airship combat game out there, in my opinion. It really is a great game. At any given time there are hundreds of people playing the game, and for such a cheap and small title, that's a rather large community of gamers.Anywhere from 1 on 1 to 3 on 3 airships can battle eachother. There are 4 crew members per airship, up to a total of 24 people in any given game at a time. And better yet, if there aren't enough people, there is AI that will fill in the slots.So, what's so fun about this game? A bunch of different airships to pilot? A multitude of turrets to man and rain destruction down upon your enemies? Constant havoc being wreaked upon your ship that you need to fix? How about all of the above! With 3 different classes, all capable of performing every single airship task, however each with their own unique sets of equipment and buffs, the Gunner, the Pilot, and the Engineer. This game is a real blast.Give it a try, and don't knock it until you do. Firefights in the sky among floating balloon-boats. Yeah."
76561198024431259,Recommended,209080,10982535,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,Manthun™,Ships fly. 10/10
,Recommended,209080,15604713,"Posted: 28 April, 2015",all,EyyAyy,"I really like this game, the community is relatively nice but holy♥♥♥♥♥♥man if you have one♥♥♥♥♥♥crew member then you mind as well just say goodbye to the ship. If this game had a higher player base then I would probably play more, my reason being is that there is the hardcore vets that are the best at the game and then there are the ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ noobs that do more harm than good. Unless you have a dedicated crew or group of friends, this game is going to be slightly unforgiving.All in all, I give this game a... Flamethrowermechanics/10"
,Recommended,209080,5009327,"Posted: 30 June, 2013",all,The Mertles,HMS Pen Islander
76561198116492961,Recommended,209080,13494224,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,Tarfun,"Guns of Icarus, a game my friend had assured me wasn't hard an was fun; he was definitely half right, as it was fun, yet my first match saw my ship go down with barely a single kill. Luckily i adapted, albeit slowly...One key thing i realised is team work is necessary, when playing with a friend, not only is it more fun but is it easier to manage a tag team esque battle.Things i like about the game:+Beautiful Music and landscapes (they really are!)+Great ship weapon and decoration customisation+Interesting levels of comunication beneficially, but not completely necessary if without a mic.+Lovely character skins/customisation+Amazing array of ship weapons to rend the foes ship into dust.+Not being a pay to win game.Things i didn't like:-Having to pay for minor things like decorations.10/10 aitships destroyed. (Love this Game!)"
76561198046497430,Recommended,209080,8703845,"Posted: 14 January, 2014",all,Billaowski,"Guns of Icarus is a perfect combination of teamwork and strategy as you try to outmanuvre your opponents and blow them out of the sky.Graphics are amazing. It is just a pretty game in general.Teamcomps are a bit stale as the Gunner class brings less to the crew than running 3 engineers and the pilot together. But then it is currently in beta at the time of posting so we will see what they implement here.However there is a large variety of perks for the classes, such as the lucky foot which increases the turn angle of your ship, as well as different weapon loadouts for the many ships available to use. These include things like mines and flamthrowers amongst the cannon and rocket like guns you would expect.This game is fun to play and even more fun if you can get a team of four friends to communicate with. alothough you have a voice chat option in game it is alot more difficult communicating to random players than to your friends over a service like mumble or skype.Overall the game deserves a much higher rating than the one it has been given and i hope to sink many hours into it as they bring out things like the adventure mode building up to the full release."
,Recommended,209080,7559626,"Posted: 3 November, 2013",all,乇乂ㄒ尺卂 ㄒ卄丨匚匚,"Take to the skies! Hop on an airship and into the exciting competitive world of Guns Of Icarus.  Will you be a daring pilot, steering your team to victory? Or a gunner, fighting for sky-superiority? Or the humble engineer, making sure your ship is running, well ship shape! Beautifully done, and simple to learn, this game will keep you entertained for hours on end!"
76561198106067581,Recommended,209080,11008002,"Posted: 1 July, 2014",all,Whitey,"Amazing Game! It's fast paced, fun and really intutitive.  You need to rely on your teammates if you want to succed which makes people unafriad to help another guy out. My only complaint is that I wish the job of the enginneer wasn't so monotonus.I kinda wish that the roles of the classes could be a bit more complicated than they are. Other than that, this game is great to play with friends and I cna play this game for hours at a time without getting bored. I totally recommend it."
,Recommended,209080,7034228,"Posted: 27 August, 2013",all,e-Lin,"A beautiful game that should grip other fellows to play it far better than the guns of icarus classic version which had redundant things to do this would need a group of 4 way better with friends I rate this a 4.5/5 also, it has a more unlikely touch to the game that would keep it afloat as a team play game rather than a one-man in your team charging at the gates of his demise."
,Recommended,209080,6203951,"Posted: 24 March, 2013",all,Dragmire,FLY AIRSHIPS.BE DAPPER.
76561198035054806,Recommended,209080,7381732,"Posted: 13 October, 2013",all,sara_bear,More imersive than the earlier version. Just as hard. A nice graphics upgrade as well.Ever want to pilot a dirgeable? Visions of Luft Ballons? Eager for Steampunk style air combat? This game was meant just for you then.
,Recommended,209080,11772304,"Posted: 18 August, 2014",all,<|°_°|>,"This game.. is just plain perfect! i bought the four pack with some friends and we are loving it! the people in the game are respectfull and are not afraid to show that. this game revolves around sportsmanship amd guns... lots of guns!first few rounds online always end in defeat, but then you get up and you have the power to annihilate the enemy. the rush you get when the enemy ship explodes is just worth playing this game"
76561198072988356,Recommended,209080,21014682,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,Catnapper,"I have played Guns of Icarus for 16 hours at the time of writing, but I know all that I need to to write this review, and hopefully help any new players thinking of getting the game themselves. First and last, there is an almost necessary yet unspoken social contract in guns of Icarus which you are almost required to follow.First: you must make an effort to learn the game. If you think that Guns can be played like any lone-wolf solo game, you will be ostracized until you get serious. Observe what others do, and follow suit until you get it, so that you drag others down as little as possible. There's a lot you won't get at first.Second: the captain can be contested, but follow his orders anyways. Captains can be (and often are) wrong, but they usually know the most about game flow. Respect their decisions, but don't be afraid to say that they are incorrect if you have a good reason.Third: know the crew before you try and captain. If you haven't played gunner or engineer for at least three rounds each, don't bother being a captain. You probably don't know enough to be good at it yet, that's just a fact.Fourth: your class roles are important, but not set in stone. Gunners have an extra repair tool, and engineers have an extra ammo type for a reason. Just beacuse you are one class doesn't mean you can't play as another (just that you probably shouldn't).Fifth and final: be a sportsman. Respect your enemies, and respect your allies. If you aren't willing to do your best, don't bother. It really shows when someone doesn't care, and everyone can see it.If you can do all those things, Guns will gladly let you into the ranks of its own. The pros will be able to help you and answer your questions, and in a few short hours of these you'll be pretty good too. Guns is daunting at first, but it's simple once you get it. Keep trying your best, and you'll be great at it in almost no time."
,Recommended,209080,17429115,"Posted: 7 August, 2015",all,FOX,Just a fantastic game with an awesome community :) Come join us!
,Recommended,209080,22112287,"Posted: 28 March, 2016",all,EverydayApocalypse,We prowl the skies in the righteous Nigel Barrage.
,Recommended,209080,11072177,"Posted: 4 July, 2014",all,TiltedPanic,"At first, I wasn't such a fan of the game. I heard great things about the game. It was on sale so I thought, ""Why not?"" I bought the game. I didn't play it long. I didn't think it was very fun. That was a LONG time ago. I decided to give it another chance today.MIND BLOWNHow did I NOT love this game back then? Now, I wouldn't put it in my top 10 Steam games. Top 20? Yes. Amazing graphics, tons of players, and gameplay make this game like no other. It was a very original idea that Muse Games pulled off. I got the 4 pack and gave them to my friends. They haven't really played it much. But if they took time to get into it, they love the game."
,Recommended,209080,25973361,"Posted: 10 October, 2016",all,Talezteller,"The reviews stating that the game is dead are what's killing the game.This game is a pearl, made by a company which had only previously released a single (failed) game, yet they came up with this gold nugget of a game, where cooperation and teamwork is everything, one mistake can flip a match around, and tactics are everything.It looks fantastic and feels just as great.The main issue is that there just aren't an awful lot of players.The main reason for that, it's my guess, is that this is a hard game to get into.However, you should not let that stop you, for once you start to master its quirks, it becomes a fantastic experience.The DLC which costs 4 times the game is basically an entire different game and adds essentially nothing to the core PVP gameplay, so if you seek some tactical fun you can get it for dirt cheap. On sale it's two bucks or less.EDIT: the DEVs actually have steam accounts and engage with the community. If you have questions, you might be able to get through to the DEVS themselves and ask them questions just over steam chat."
76561198036115086,Recommended,209080,14288313,"Posted: 1 February, 2015",all,Energy,Its fun and at the end its all about teamwork. I strongly recomend this game. If you want to find me on the game my name is Energyx.
76561197998891773,Recommended,209080,16859599,"Posted: 3 July, 2015",all,Flightcap,"Highly, highly, highly recommended!!!! If you can't stand it when your teammate doesn't have VOIP, keep staring at the back of that medic yelling ""THROW ME A MEDPACK ALREADY #%@#%@,"" wonder why your partner keeps sending his troops down the wrong lane, despair of getting a buff from your friendly mage no matter how many times you ask.....this game is for you.Pros:Strategically based airship combatSmooth class balanceHigh optimization - game runs very smoothlyBeautiful graphics for the costHighly teambased playersCons:Fights can require some time to start heating up due to strategic positioning of your airships.Player base is not huge - the most players I've seen online was less than 1000.Buy. This. Game."
,Recommended,209080,7918674,"Posted: 4 December, 2013",all,EmpressMeowMeow,"It's a great game to play and at the perfect price. If you enjoy steampunk ships battling it out in a beautiful open world then you will enjoy this. You work together in a team of up to 4 ships with a crew of 4 per ship. The classes are Gunners, Engineers, and the captain which is of course Navigator. Teamwork is a must in this game as you work together to give the ship life and flight. The devs of the game are nice, helpful, and can also been seen often in the chat when not busy working to improve the game or listenning to feeback. The community has also been very good and you will rarely ever find a troll in my experience. I can also safely say the game is not pay 2 win due to the fact the cashsop is only cosmetics. All you need to do is pick a role or even swap roles, pick a ship and the parts you like, or pick your ammo and head out to earn your fame."
76561198038494066,Recommended,209080,8969951,"Posted: 3 February, 2014",all,[Cake] Gibbs,"I can't even begin to explain how much fun this game is. Personaly I love any thing that has to do with steampunk or airships but this game takes it to the next level. With fun fast gameplay, fully customizable ships and classes that actually are useful for gameplay that can be tailored to your play style, and a fun and friendly in game community to play with. Even without other friends you know this game is still fantastic. I would recomend it to any player especially anyone who like me loves steampunk airships. 10/10 You need to get it now!"
76561198020304875,Recommended,209080,13013949,"Posted: 20 November, 2014",all,Moovment,TEAMWORK IS OP !
,Recommended,209080,13023886,"Posted: 20 November, 2014",all,Alexander,Wish had more players... it would be good to go in to a crew without waiting 10-15 min. was the first review i wrote to this game.. but it has much more than that the game is beautiful from soundtrack to game itself its just beautiful the community is nice and for the first time i saw a group of ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s in this game but every game has its that type of players.. its sad to see only 250 to 400 people in this game. this game deserves more than that..
,Recommended,209080,18863553,"Posted: 3 November, 2015",all,Tharnator,"Do you like shooting steampunk airships out of the sky while wearing funny hats? Do you like british poeple calling you a♥♥♥♥♥♥and later commending you on your good job until you're good enough to start calling poeple ♥♥♥♥♥ as well? Do you like setting things on fire?Then this is the game for you. I mean when your captain says ""If anyone can kill somebody by being incompetent, it's me."" you know it's going to be good.So grab some friends, light a cig and ruin poeples day with fire, bullets and monocles."
,Recommended,209080,10101147,"Posted: 13 May, 2014",all,akronymus,"When you get a good captain, when you are a crewmember and you just dominate the enemy team its so much fun. but this game is only for people who can TEAMPLAY.EDIT: this game is one of the few pc games, that are on mlg. so yeah, i can only recommend it again"
,Recommended,209080,10182912,"Posted: 20 May, 2014",all,[RGQT] TimSoulsurfer,"Very enjoyable!  If you don't have friends you will definatly make some with the wonderful community that found here.  I really emphise how great it is to play a truly co-op game.  Unlike other games where you can point at the person who is messing it up, the sucess of winning is based on everyone and yet can't be narrowed down to one person.  Except maybe a lousy captain."
76561198087068620,Recommended,209080,13457075,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,Onii Aloha,One of the most satisfying and fun games that ive ever played. Teamwork is a MUST.
76561198210014724,Recommended,209080,24660972,"Posted: 1 August, 2016",all,DayF3,"Very fun. I like how the ships work, and the gameplay, and the fact that there are still many players and that the devs still take care of this game. Its very fun and worth every cent."
76561198289525308,Recommended,209080,28108330,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,Meta_Knight,"This was a really fun Steampunk  airship game! :D ITs one of the Best games I ever playe, Hope Allaince would come out soon :D"
76561198114671518,Recommended,209080,25699091,"Posted: 25 September, 2016",all,Priscilla,It's an incredibly fun team based game with well designed mechanics and an exciting upcoming DLC. I for one recommend this game to any group that is looking for a game to play together.
76561198193755850,Recommended,209080,24603575,"Posted: 29 July, 2016",all,A Mercy Main,"It has game grumps voice packs, buy it"
,Recommended,209080,23706967,"Posted: 22 June, 2016",all,Chesh,This is a great game where you truly have to work as a team. The design is great and the game plays absolutely wonderfully. Add in to that a great dev team who really care about their game and take a personal interest in sorting problems out and making your experience better in general. Thanks guys
76561198113390040,Recommended,209080,25679806,"Posted: 24 September, 2016",all,Raged 2.0,This is the best game for anyone looking for teamwork based game and or just out to have fun shooting things.
,Recommended,209080,727567,"Posted: 7 December, 2012",all,kyri,Cannonball in the skyI can go twice as high
,Recommended,209080,12687779,"Posted: 29 October, 2014",all,Envra,"Guns of Icarus is a very unique expierince. This steampunk game is amazing. You can be a gunner, pilot, or engineer. There is not much I can say about this game either then you need to expierince it yourself."
76561198061139186,Recommended,209080,13947434,"Posted: 11 January, 2015",all,[BGD][Maus] Vinicioart4,"This game is really addicting and fun to play, Grab your friends (Or play random people online) and play this awesome game, select one of the ships and have lots of fun cooperating to survive in the awesome maps where the enviroment is against you, the game is alot more complex then it looks like and it will take some time to learn everything like all the types of rounds, weapons and ships because thats gonna be really important to survive in this game. Reallly addicting 10/10!!"
76561198012536853,Recommended,209080,2781913,"Posted: 14 January, 2013",all,[=Æ=] kingfish,"Very fun and engrossing action/strategy.  Airship battles set in a steampunk atmosphere.  Everything relies on your team working together which is made up of specialized members, ie unique classes/equipment loadouts which can be customized.  There is absolutely no ""rambo'ing"" in the game.  There are no individual stats displayed at the end of each round, although they are tracked so you can review them yourself, and do contribute to your character leveling up.  Leveling your character confers no in-game bonus, but does serve as an indicator of how much experience you have playing the game.  However, a team of veterans who do not pull together with their ship can easily be out-maneuvered and overpowered by a team of noobs who are actually working together, albeit even without a great understanding of how the game works.  This is accomplished by built in voice support which automatically moves you to channels for the game lobby and your ship, once the action starts.  The captains of the ships can also use a separate channel to plan strategy amongst themselves before handing out orders to their crew.  That's what makes it such an interesting dynamic.  The ships are competing, not the individuals.  The crews are completing, not the individuals that make them up.  It is also nice to play a game where the devs and mods play often and are available for questions.  They've even added a couple new maps since I started playing a few weeks ago."
76561197982350432,Recommended,209080,930578,"Posted: 31 October, 2012",all,[RBC] Hypo,"Simply amazing, who knew you could have so much fun running around on the deck of an airship waving around a rubber mallet. Great Steampunk game,great teambased game, great air combat game, great game full stop."
,Recommended,209080,11772899,"Posted: 18 August, 2014",all,Rice Nigga,"This is such a fun game, the teamwork and strategy involved is amazing. It also has the customability of your character and ship. It has great gameplay, and the graphics are great. I cannot reccomend this game more."
,Recommended,209080,13532497,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,☤Spicy☒Alpaca☤,"Addictively fun and a great way to pass the time. The game's level of teamwork is over-the-top madness yet invigorating for those with microphones. Overall, best game in my inventory so far."
,Recommended,209080,10829955,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,Montgomery,"So what is Guns of Icarus Online. Well its awesomness, its that game that youalways wanted but never got. ITS AMAZING."
,Recommended,209080,10213829,"Posted: 23 May, 2014",all,Stork,"I love it, addictive, fun and nice community! The idea behind it is awesome. Great game!"
,Recommended,209080,10227414,"Posted: 25 May, 2014",all,Caseyseal,"Such an amazing game, Nice graphics, Nice people, Nice gameplay!"
,Recommended,209080,10238534,"Posted: 26 May, 2014",all,SmashingEmeraldz,"I bought this game while it was on sale for my friends and myself, we have had a lot  of fun playing this game together.SpecsProcessor: Intel i7 6700HQ Quad core @2.6GhzGraphics Card: Notebook GTX1060 with 6GB VRAMRAM: 16GB DDR4"
76561198045736613,Recommended,209080,10578560,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,Azkeel,One of the best multiplayer games that you can experienc. Guns of Icarus Online blends the coop and multiplayer themes great.
,Recommended,209080,15977940,"Posted: 23 May, 2015",all,"20, muslim, the (1k hrs!)",airships are breddy fun10/10
,Recommended,209080,14494715,"Posted: 15 February, 2015",all,Tunloink,Cummunication?Teamwork?Nah. Bots will do everything while I pilot into a mountain.
,Recommended,209080,16705377,"Posted: 25 June, 2015",all,SpoopyDoops,You can be the captain or a crew member in a flying ship. It is pretty fun.
,Recommended,209080,8544444,"Posted: 3 January, 2014",all,Crown Magician | Twitch,One of the best game I've ever Played. A Must get game.
,Recommended,209080,8324544,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,[BT] Drywin,Blimps and guns
,Recommended,209080,11241593,"Posted: 14 July, 2014",all,Zavage,"Alright young men, if you love young men I'd give you a 10/9 cause this game is too sexy for all the god damn sweet men. praise the patriarchy."
76561198007936522,Recommended,209080,13719265,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,Maverick,"""Oh crap, the armour is on fire"" every time. 10/10 will keep playing. Great team based combat"
,Recommended,209080,10241071,"Posted: 26 May, 2014",all,SoraHST,"Very, very fun. GREAT community, haven't heard anyone rip on eachother, and everyone is very friendly. The teamwork in this game is really what makes it so great. Very smooth, interesing steampunk airship battling will ensue upon purchase. Easy to learn, fun to master. Immersive maps, dynamic clouds & weather, and overall feeling of gameplay is very good. You will probably encounter lag occasionally, but most games (at least for me) have been very smooth with no issues. Not graphically demanding so pretty much anyone can play."
76561198048074932,Recommended,209080,10248376,"Posted: 26 May, 2014",all,Mega Abe,The team work aspect of this game is amazing and I recomend playing with people that your friends with.
76561197988061203,Recommended,209080,16020399,"Posted: 26 May, 2015",all,Darth Scooby,">2 vs 2>Losing 3-1>Allied ship's crew DC'ed or left except for 1 engineer who took the helm>My ship's crew came together, communicated, and were spot on with piloting, repairing, and gunning.>mfw we end up winning>gg10/10Some of the most intense and fun PVP combat you can run across."
,Recommended,209080,16439884,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,The Horse Lord,LOTS OF AIRSHITRATE 10/10
76561198119816523,Recommended,209080,23869471,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,Ravioli,"This is a great game, with a wonderfully friendly community. I highly recommend this game."
76561198093237022,Recommended,209080,18051502,"Posted: 15 September, 2015",all,mosimon2,"""Goddamnit mosi""- everyone""Triiiiiiiiiiin, heeeeeeeeeeeeeeeellllllllllllppppppp""-megood game, fun chaos."
,Recommended,209080,10228664,"Posted: 25 May, 2014",all,KioneRyn,"Don't be offput by the Metacritic rating for this game. Seriously, it doesn't deserve to be rated as bad as it is. Get yourself a bundle of four and start playing this with friends. Seriously, it's some of the best fun you'll have and before you'll know it you'll start really getting into the game and shouting out commands and actions at each other. Sure the game could use a little more polish in some ways, but it's a solid game and a great multiplayer romp."
76561198056260487,Recommended,209080,10690685,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,ZachOfAllTrades,"Guns of Icarus Online is one of those games that got under my skin and into my heart in all the right places.This game is lacking in leveling perks, but besides that, it rocks!"
,Recommended,209080,5321386,"Posted: 13 August, 2013",all,FriXioN,Fantastic Steampunk aerial combat game! Great for playing with friends!
76561198140962141,Not Recommended,209080,14202640,"Posted: 27 January, 2015",all,PUPPET DRAGON,"WITH OVER 2,500 hours in the game i dont think the game has the right amount off people playing i had my fun with it back in 2014-2016 but now its dying ...never thought this day would come for a game to end. If it keeps up with the population growth rate then, it will end up being an abandon server. Sorry MUSE but this game needs help!In heart of the gameplay its great you have your online PVP and your  CO-OP vs the AI's its fun and games till you run out of people to play with or just get bored of doing the same thing with the same people ...witch is fine for me but other players cant agree to that. PRICE FOR ME WAS 4.80$ back then this game was 15$  ""This game was worth much more then that"" :("
,Recommended,209080,8663707,"Posted: 11 January, 2014",all,Kickaginger,"Of the 25 games I have on steam ive spent half my hours on this game. For the price this was easily the best deal I got. Simple yet satisfiying gameplay with the ultimate goal of blowing the **** out of other airships. Variety of different weapons and play styles takes a while to get decent. The leveling up scheme is a little annoying for us who want to only use 1 type of ship. Voice chat in game is very well made, easy to communicate. Worth the 5 or 10 bucks for sure!"
,Recommended,209080,13545445,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,Big Bald Bold Balls Bowden,SUCH an underrated game and at £2.74 you really can't go wrong.You get genuine teamwork and cooperation from strangers (is this still the internet?) and an immense sense of satisfaction from winning a 4v4!Mechanics and bullet drops etc are solid and the steampunk aesthetic is really cool with a large range of ships and weapons.Also there are useful tutorials so you aren't totally overwhelmed - everything makes logical sense.
76561198118727284,Recommended,209080,10058657,"Posted: 8 May, 2014",all,Moon Man,"I simply love this game, great buy for anyone looking for co-op mutiplayer team action!"
76561198060711445,Recommended,209080,6180942,"Posted: 25 September, 2013",all,Greenswampy,This game is awesome. Combinds co-op stradgy with pvp.
,Recommended,209080,9875167,"Posted: 19 April, 2014",all,Papa Oscar,"This game though. you could compare this game with this one dude who showes up at a boring party and WHOOSH, everyone is talking to eachother, having fun. the guys just brings people together and hase fun with them! this game is a game where talking to eachother is very important, but where the community is nice. AT THE SAME TIME. you don't have to worry that every twelve year-old as slept with your mom. everyone just likes/helps/respects everyone! You can buy this game, pick up your controller, and just sit there for the whole week, without feeling even the slightest need to shut down your pc. get a four-pack, give it to your friends, and just have a hell-lot of fun!Adam"
,Recommended,209080,10968220,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,Gooey,Spent most of the game hitting an engine with a malletPointless sountrack/Engine
,Recommended,209080,29052968,Posted: 5 January,all,rjwolverine1,"I don't quite get why everyone is hating on this game recently.  I'm aware that I haven't played as long as the veterans (obviously), but its not a bad game.First of all: The lobbies are not bad. They do take a bit longer than some games, but not as long as it takes to connect to GTA V Online...Second of all: The player count is lower, but you can still get a full team.Third of all: Why do people care if the devs pay attention to the community or not? If there is a bug in the game, surely they will notice it and fix it.  And they are at least trying to revitalize the game with the DLC. Why would they release a DLC to a couple hundred players just for money?  They wouldn't, it's there to get more new players into the game.And to be fair, the game is quite fun. As the crew, you have to communicate with the Captian to be able to do what you must, and as Captain you must listen to your crew as well as pilot the ship independently.  And for $11.99, it is a very good game."
76561197986984038,Recommended,209080,21694041,"Posted: 7 March, 2016",all,Azzak,"Guns of Icarus Review (Level 18, 68h) :+ Pros- Unique game in its genre. Play as a crew in a steampunk ship ! Be either the captain, the gunner, or one of the two engineers.- Graphics are very good, although a bit dated. The art direction is magnificient, it's a pleasure to fly through the different environment.- Combat is really well done, although you need to get some knowledge on how it works to fully understands it. Spend time to experiment etc.- Usually good community.- Good price for what it is- A freaking lot of achievements for those who want to grab them all !- The cash shop is purely cosmetical, and it allows to customise your character (a lot) and your ship (very little).- Negatives-You need friends and a voice communication to get a good experience. Playing alone or without voice com will make you bored, frustrated and angry.- Not much content. 5 ships, a good variety of weapons, but you're quickly going to get through everything. However mastering them takes skill and time, and of course a good crew.- PVP only so far, so brace yourself. Alliance DLC is coming soon though with PVE and more content.- Small but dedicated playerbase. You have to learn quickly or you'll get stomped by veterans.Overall : 9/10 with a full 4 player crew,  5/10 without.The game offers an unique and incredibly fun experience if you can get 3 of your friends on it. If not, then you'll quickly lose interest in it, as you can not put advanced strategies and likely get stomped in loop.The Alliance DLC might be a life changer though, as a PVE experience could bring a lot of new players and be quite enjoyable even withotu a full crew on vocals. We'll see !Final verdict : Excellent game, for casuals or pros alike, provided you have 3 or more friends with you."
,Recommended,209080,363476,"Posted: 21 February, 2013",all,[O7] mr_johnson,"A great game for some quick matches in a beautiful environment filled with Steampunk awesomeness!The game is every expanding and relies very heavily on teamwork, so bring your friends along for the ride - they will not regret it!"
,Recommended,209080,23445402,"Posted: 7 June, 2016",all,JDM cars owner,"nice gameplay i love it , graphic is good , but i think this game need the offline mode for newbie playersthe negative is to searching for lobby its take too much time .i think thats all"
76561198019768020,Recommended,209080,8472920,"Posted: 31 December, 2013",all,MTX,"Such a fun game, plus they are still adding more stuff. Talk of an open world!! :D"
76561198140172581,Recommended,209080,14373201,"Posted: 7 February, 2015",all,Unno,noot
,Recommended,209080,33452049,Posted: 11 July,all,Aggro,"I got this game as part of a 4-pack to surprise a group of friends.It's very fun if you get the right people together in the right mood. A whole lot of yelling and panic as you take down enemies and get attacked. I also like how roles are applied, you are given your role and you follow it. I imagine this game is nowhere near as fun if you aren't playing with friends, so keep that in mind when you play.Overall, it's a great game. I wish it had a huge playerbase, try to get it on sale if you can. You'll be playing with your crew in no time."
,Recommended,209080,11026085,"Posted: 2 July, 2014",all,Firebeard,ARE YOU ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ ME THIS IS AMAZING
,Recommended,209080,22924482,"Posted: 12 May, 2016",all,Hue Hue,Try to drive like normal person1 minutes laterRAAAAAAAAMMMMMMMMMM TTTTTTHHHHHHHHHHAAAAAAAAATTTTTTTTT SSSSSSSSSSSSHHHHHHHHIIIIIIIIIIPPPPPPPPP!!!!!!!!!!!!!Boom totally worth it :)
,Recommended,209080,15062393,"Posted: 26 March, 2015",all,Dunce,"If you like co-op battle arenas, this game adds a whole new dimension.Steampunk: If you like steampunk genre, you'll enjoy this. Everything is victorian steampunk, from the airships you pilot, to the customizable gunners, engineers, and pilot character outfits. This game is not lacking flavor. They even have multiple voice packs to go with the in-game shout selection menu.Great VoIP: I've never had a problem with the voice chat in game. I can hear RU, UK, and EU just as easily as USA. Hearing something like, ""Enemy coming up on the starboard side!"" Is a really nice touch that most players engage in.Deep PvP: When I first started playing, I didn't know what to expect out of the competitive side of this game. Was it going to be hard? I had figured that my crew interactions were going to be the thing to make my love or hate the game. Now though, I've come to realize that the high strategy that goes into the meta.Skill based: The game pretty much comes down to turning your ship and crew choices into the most efficient bringer of death possible. There are many different builds in this game. Fron tank strategies, to disabling ships, to quick strafing and distraction vessels, broadside artillery ships, and of course ramming airships. Your team of 2, 3, or 4 ships (with 4 crewmen on each of them)  will have to come up with a working strategy of offense and defense for every single engagment. Also, you have to remember the X, Y, and Z axis, which can be tricky. Clouds are your friends.No Pay2Win: Only purchasable items are cosmetic. also, you can 'beat the devs' to get that stuff for free. Speaking of which.Devs are ACTIVE: These devs care, and are doing a lot in terms of bringing steam workshop items into the game for instance.Great playerbase: Mostly because trolls don't stick around long. The people that remain are all die hard veterans, eager to bring in new people. This means they are very nice to new faces.Great replayability: I plan on putting a few more hours on this game, let's put it that way.Good learning curve: They understand that the game can be hard to pick up, so they bring low level players into their own queue bracket. No one likes getting stomped, that's no fun.It's not the game you remember: Finally, for those of you that have played this in the past. Things have changed. The devs listen, and the annoying problems and issues and bugs get swept away. The gameplay is always being updated, the meta is always shifting, and with the new gameplay sounds it's turned into a really cinematic experience."
76561198042953370,Recommended,209080,10222617,"Posted: 24 May, 2014",all,Rye,If you dont buy this game you are a stupid person.
,Recommended,209080,7874555,"Posted: 1 December, 2013",all,roder,"This game provides a very unique experience that you won't find in other games. You can't quite describe the feeling - when you know the ship is going down, the captain isn't even at the steering wheel anymore but huddled in a corner wondering when it all went wrong, being razed by fire on both sides, all engines failing and balloon popped, you try and jump ship only to find yourself back on board... you'll have to try it yourself to understand. Gameplay is very balanced, nice variety of ships and guns and regularly updated for new content. The only criticisms I have are some lag/disconnection issues especially on foreign servers, and graphics aren't the greatest. The community is very friendly, and very competitive. Invest in a microphone, if you want to really get into it."
,Recommended,209080,25702830,"Posted: 25 September, 2016",all,GameRidd,This game has a very good people who play this game and very few trolls/hackers the only problem I have is very few people play this game but its a good trade off for awesome gameplay mechanics and very nice people in the game. For a avid PC gamer this is a great game to pick up. Worth the 3/20 dollars.76/100 ~ great game
,Recommended,209080,25785890,"Posted: 30 September, 2016",all,Major Neddie,"Guns of Icarus Online is a splendid cooperative game which provides an experience you cannot get elsewhere. It rewards thought and coordination in a ship to ship steampunk package, challenging you to rule the skies!At the most basic level, you have two teams comprised of two to four ships, facing off against one another in a variety of modes. There are several unique ships to select, and each ship can be customized with different weapons based on their mounts/slots. Each crew consists of four people, who individually can select one of three classes, and then select class gear which they will use on the ship. This provides for a surprising amount of variability before you factor in player action in the game itself. You have to communicate and plan ahead, then adapt to the circumstances which emerge.As an individual, you are both essential to and dependent upon your crew. If you Pilot, you need someone else at Gunner to take your shots, and an Engineer to keep you flying. They in turn depend on you to approach, evade, and keep their weapons in arc or range. Even as a Captain of one ship, you need to coordinate with the other ship(s) to achieve your aims. You do not need a microphone - there are voice clips and text chat - but you need to speak and to listen, you all fly together, or you will be dashed apart.There is a very high skill ceiling which rewards both experimentation and analysis. Players start out with basic notions about roles, then uncover the details of a task (learning about main vs. secondary engineering, and the merits of different fire control tools), then find some tactical awareness (tacking to the side against this ship using this tool will allow us to hit their blind spot), and finally emerge into the strategic plane. Players keep learning and each learning leads to more exciting gambits and outcomes, which is why people can play this for thousands of hours.The community is close-knit and peculiar, with a strong core of pleasantly eccentric and capable veterans. If you have friends, you can take a ship with them, and if you don't, you'll probably make some in Guns of Icarus over the first weeks of play. You can also find rivalries, form or join clans, and generally have a splendid social time.In summary, if you are seeking risk and adventure in a high flying cooperative game which rewards both communication and cogitation, come aboard Guns of Icarus Online. We're always looking for fresh recruits, whether you know the difference betweent the bow and the stern, or aught that stems from either."
,Recommended,209080,32883812,Posted: 27 June,all,jeremycpr17,"I bought a 4 pack of this and it was money well spent. Insane action and the constant screaming back and forth in the middle of hectic multi ship fights turned an experiment into an eight hour, online campaign. We got rekt. We didn't care. I only wish I could get all the guys together and jump in again!"
,Recommended,209080,32348008,Posted: 11 June,all,Alxx,"This game is really fun, as long as your team is competent, the community is great, gameplay is great my only problem is the active playerbase is rather small so it can often take some time to find games."
,Recommended,209080,33028804,Posted: 30 June,all,SanDNite,"This game is soooo much fun... it just need that spark, a special event or something, that would steal people's attention toward this game, because alas, the player base is approaching its final breath."
76561198032435634,Recommended,209080,32967081,Posted: 28 June,all,ariewillem,"I played the game a few hours, and i liked it."
,Recommended,209080,23621099,"Posted: 17 June, 2016",all,stoepegel,"amazing to play this with friends, basicly a great game with even more potential but just fighting in the skies alongside your friends is just a ton of fun"
,Recommended,209080,13631021,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,qngage,Awesome!!!i think it's enough explaining ...Recommended!!!
76561198038189717,Recommended,209080,18743067,"Posted: 29 October, 2015",all,phoenix42,"If TLDR worries you... then, well, tldr ^^I am not an online gamer. Before I started playing Guns of Icarus Online (GoI), I went to the odd LAN-party, played with or against friends online, but the idea of playing with strangers was not something that I found appealing.On the other hand, I like airships and the whole steampunk shtick, and I had played the original Guns of Icarus (now Flight of the Icarus), with all its quirks and foibles. The multiplayer on the original game (now discontinued for good reason) was cute but horrible in so many ways, but that is another story – so that when I saw Guns of Icarus Online, I thought “why not?”. I was in the first wave of people to buy it in the first sale back in the day, and have not regretted it since.GoI is a game that relies on teamwork – sounds like old hat, and maybe it is, but this hat has steampunk goggles on it, and it fits perfectly. The fact is, neither levels nor experience points will buy you victory in GoI, because there are no abilities. A level 45 engineer has exactly the same tools and abilities at her disposal as a level 1 novice. Instead, you have to communicate with your teammates, listen to your captain, and respect and use your crew’s abilities. This can be incredibly rewarding, because when you win, it means YOU won – not a random assortment of stats that means you had the right abilities, no weird balancing effects and no pay-to-win annoyances. You won, all of you together. On the down side, this requires people who talk to each other. You don’t have to be a pro gamer to play GoI (Heaven knows I’m not), because while there are things that require experience and practice, like shooting certain guns or piloting certain ship types, there are many tasks that any new-comer can perform, and in which he (or she) can quickly learn the ropes and move on to the more complicated tricks, if that’s her/his thing. None of it will work, however, if you have a twit who thinks he is the self-appointed god of airshipping and considers co-ordination and teamwork to be the realm of lesser beings. Those people will not only fall on their faces, but ruin the match for their team-mates. In GoI, you work together or fail.That being said, there are only very few idiots out there. A lot has been said about the gaming community in Guns of Icarus, how it is better and friendlier than other communities – as I have said, I don’t have the comparisons to back that up, so all I can say is in the years I have played GoI, I have met about a dozen people who were true twerps, from ignorant engineers who thought they were a gunner to gunners who thought they were captain and kept shouting orders, to captains who thought they were Daedalus incarnate and knew everything. Yet I can name more than a dozen entire clans whose members are more than ready to accept and train with newbies, who are respectful, polite, and simply fun to be around. And that’s just the clans, there are hundreds of individual gamers in GoI who are nice, friendly and helpful, who all started out as newbies and have since become really good at the game. They are the majority, brass-plated hands down. I play most evenings, and about once a week, at most, we meet some guy who spams a lobby with stupid slogans, uses a racist airship name, or becomes hateful in some other way. I’m told this is relatively infrequent compared to other games, I wouldn’t know. At any rate those loud-mouths never stay for long, because as mentioned above, in order to play well you have to play together, and people like that don’t find anyone to play with, so the problem solves itself.So make no mistake. Guns of Icarus is not a game you come to for a quick feel-good experience in the “shoot stuff, loot its corpse, level up, shoot bigger stuff” kind of way. Everyone starts off a “noob”, and only your own experience with the game will improve your play. If you should be thinking of buying Guns of Icarus after reading this, you should probably consider getting a headset along with it. Be prepared to talk to others, be prepared to listen, and you will be fine. Odds are you will likely find friends within the first few days of gaming. The game can be played on a pro level, with the balancing and pros/cons weighted perfectly (if that’s the kind of thing you go for), but most of the time, it is simply getting to know your way around the different ships and guns, and knowing who does what. It’s not rocket science – it’s more airship art. Like in a martial art, you train, you train with others, you get better, you get more confident, and you earn the respect of others. And suddenly you realise you are no longer a novice, but a black-belt Pyramidion captain with a penchant for ramming speed, a crane-style Squid pilot who hovers just out of reach of the enemy’s guns, taking down their balloon and blowing them a kiss as they crash to the ground, or a Galleon commander who wades into battle to save the day with guns-a-blazing, his gunners dealing death and destruction with their expert broadsides. Or you find you prefer to be an engineer, turning the tide of battle with well-practiced routine, repairing at lightning speed while the enemies are still whacking their hulls in despair; or a gunner, shooting down the enemy components from a mile away, one by one, until all that is left are tears.But like in a “true” art, half of it is not about winning, but how you go about it – do you roleplay your pseudo-Victorian character in the lobby? Do you spend time putting together your perfect steampunk outfit and selecting the right colours and decals for your airships? Do you try to level, not because it gets you any tangible benefits, but because you want that damn outfit upgrade? Do you get to know your team-mates beyond who does what and who goes where? Odds are, you will – even though it does not mean a thing in the game results. And in the end, you will find you are part of a community, for better or worse.Personally, I have found Guns of Icarus never ceases to surprise me. As a level 45 captain with an experienced crew, you sometimes think nothing can take you down, and then a level 2 enemy captain with practically no experience comes and makes your match a living hell – and after the battle, you salute him, trade quips, and fly together. Maybe the silent gunner who never says a thing the entire match but simply follows orders turns out to be an Irishman with a wicked sense of humour once he’s warmed to you. Or you commence your in-flight speech with “Good evening gentlemen, welcome aboard…” only to check the roster and realise that your flight crew is in fact all-female.So if you like learning, enjoy being surprised, and are attracted to the idea of playing with and against others on a steampunk/dieselpunk airship, Guns of Icarus Online is for you. If you have time and money to spare, buy the four-in-one bundle on sale and distribute it amongst your friends, and you can start off together. And if you’re the kind of person who likes to troll, thinks he’s the best and plays to inflate his ego, come by too – maybe you will learn something during your stay. And even if you don’t, Muse can do with the money, and while it is not strictly necessary, blowing up trolls makes the game that much more fun for the rest of us ^^In any case, we look forward to seeing you in the skies!Phoenix42akaLord Scottworth of the HMS Discombobulator"
,Recommended,209080,10459434,"Posted: 13 June, 2014",all,[aBoom] DeltaC,"This game is awesome!The graphics are wonderful and all the classes are fun for themselves.As Pilot you command your team and have fun trying to fly around obstacles and keep your gunners in range.As gunners the arsenal of weapons is awesome and every weapon is fun to use.As engineer you are one of the biggest parts, as you keep everything running.I would always buy this game again!"
,Recommended,209080,25280839,"Posted: 31 August, 2016",all,Coljack,"This is by far one of the most hectic and wonderful experiences I've had in a game in a very, very long time. Absolutely recommended."
76561198097167389,Recommended,209080,24653057,"Posted: 1 August, 2016",all,toumie2,"facing the fact guns of icarus alliance came out, this game is about to take a twist.  Meaning that the game is going to get even better. i mean lasers,electric guns,gas mortars,and giat cannons,new ships,campagin,and new maps possibly won't make a game better right?  This game is honestly funny too because it has...568 achievements. that's more than tf2.  I thought that was impossible.  This game is also fun with friends, both competitive and casual.  This game is an awsome indie gem that's only going to turn shinier."
76561198077354017,Recommended,209080,24545492,"Posted: 26 July, 2016",all,Zerek X,Play this♥♥♥♥♥♥ it's just different experience!
,Recommended,209080,7912056,"Posted: 4 December, 2013",all,quinn_hinks,"A Must Buy! Pure brilliance, meet new peaple, form teamwork power amoungst your crew and much more. all this whilst defending your crew and ship with your life! Best game i have ever played and also best £10 i have eveer spent. No regrets!"
,Recommended,209080,9348791,"Posted: 4 March, 2014",all,aunt joemima,This game has lots of things!
76561198042294827,Recommended,209080,7749485,"Posted: 25 November, 2013",all,Castus Crios,"This game is excellent and really has exposed me to a different aspect of online gaming; that is, the intense teamwork needed to succeed."
,Recommended,209080,10254982,"Posted: 27 May, 2014",all,[2nd] Matues,"much fun, such team work, many tactical"
,Recommended,209080,10018172,"Posted: 4 May, 2014",all,Kaniel,Fly aroundlight em upfly in the name of Shrekwin in the name of Shrekthis game is Shrek-tastic!
,Recommended,209080,8464508,"Posted: 31 December, 2013",all,Sovereign [ϟ],"You fly around and shoot things, what's not to love?"
,Recommended,209080,8267601,"Posted: 24 December, 2013",all,Napp,"It's a hit or miss, LOVE IT or leave it. Whatever floats your boat."
,Recommended,209080,13945878,"Posted: 11 January, 2015",all,DMentMan,"10/10 Awesome game, Awesome community."
,Recommended,209080,9115669,"Posted: 14 February, 2014",all,Creame,"I love Guns of Icarus! Mostly fun with friends on mic/people who know how to play, but it's not at all hard to learn after you've played a few games as each role!"
,Recommended,209080,26994863,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,douglas_abp,Awesome game!
,Recommended,209080,28170154,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,[Sons]AlPadjino,Great game really friendly people
76561198018202410,Recommended,209080,9831038,"Posted: 16 April, 2014",all,Soapiebilby,Steampunky blimpy explody goodness
,Recommended,209080,7757039,"Posted: 25 November, 2013",all,Gadzoops,"When people ask me what genre this game falls under, I usually have a hard time picking one.  Indeed, this game is a breakthrough in typical game titles, and is a fresh breath of air to anyone willing to have a go at it. The only fault of this game is that teamwork is nigh essential, any one person who might not be willing to cooperate could cripple an entire game.I'd reccomend buying the four-pack and grabbing some friends along for the game, it helps to not only make things a little easier, but also serves as a great way to spend a weekend night."
,Recommended,209080,8485203,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,Strayed,Take to the skies on an Airship as a Steampunk Butt Pirate! Give them a good cannon volley then swing round and harpoon them in the poop deck! Catch them with their pants down as your prepare to board them from the rear! ha arrr!I may have made some of that up.......
76561198024039994,Recommended,209080,10029337,"Posted: 5 May, 2014",all,Swervey,"I did I 2v2 against a crew of ducks.Our team died a horrible death.11/10 great game, would quack again."
76561198076570819,Recommended,209080,23183228,"Posted: 24 May, 2016",all,Astigadigs,Really fungreat to play with friendsreally all about teamworkcommunity is nice to noobs
76561198150031704,Recommended,209080,28983700,Posted: 3 January,all,Cat-Lover20,"Playing Guns of Icarus is a truly excellent experience. With almost 200 hours played, I'm still having new experiences and meeting new people. Both the player base and the developers are kind and helpful, which is becoming more and more rare on the internet these days. Someone is always willing to lend a hand, whether with game mechanics or with a technical issue, and the developers are quick to help fix any problems you might have. Overall, it's one of my favorite games, and I'd like to thank the team at Muse Games for all of their hard work.Safe travels,CatLover20"
,Recommended,209080,30238987,Posted: 28 February,all,fredfreezy,You hit everything with large metal monkey wrench and it's fixed. 10/10
,Recommended,209080,10190292,"Posted: 21 May, 2014",all,Walta,"I played it and then it suddenly disappeared from my library.Sorry but that's a big nono for me.EDIT: After sending a mail complaining that it disappeared from my inventory, I got a mail back within 5 minutes from the team explaining what was the case (It was a beta only key that I got) and offering me an extra copy for the inconvenience. Needless to say I immediatly bought it from the store. I really appreciate the team at Guns Of Icarus. May they have the best luck in the future!"
76561197996186863,Recommended,209080,19501497,"Posted: 5 December, 2015",all,nephilimnexus,"Pros:This game definitely fullfills your Steampunk fetish better than any other multiplayer game out there, including the MMOs.  Despite falling squarely into a heaping pile of Steampunk tropes, the game itself is refreshing & mostly original.Teamwork is essential on multiple levels - both with your own crewmates and the other ships on your side.  Adding built-in voice chat was a wise choice indeed (It boggles the mind just how many games out there today still expect you to be running TeamSpeak, or whatever, in another channel.)  To my pleasant surprise, the game is remarkably absent the usual armies of drooling blockheads that populate most multiplayer combat sims, and the community is refreshingly non-toxic overall.  Truly a breath of fresh air hiding amongst the fart miasma that is multiplayer competitive gaming in general.  Trolls are a rare signt indeed, and that's a great thing.The graphics are simply stunning, especially for something still running in only 32bits.  There's enough eye-candy here to impress even old vet Skyrim players.  That's not just the skybox, either.  The ships themselves, the crews, the creaking of the hulls, the puttering of the engines.  It's not just pretty pictures - it's a compelte environmental experience that works on every level and at every distance.The game mechanics aremostlywell done, and while the constant juggling of weapon & ship values by the developers may seem frustrating, to me that only shows that they still care about their game and are putting forth effort to maintain balance.  The matchmaking systemisn'tcompletely broken, which is something that I honestly don't think that I've ever experienced before.Also worth noting is that here is a game that has been out for literallyyearsand to this day all of the microtransactions are still for cosmetic items only.  Think about that.  How many games out there have made it more than six months before they started trying to sell you golden bullets?  I can think of only one, and that's this one.  So major kudos for that.Cons:Map selection is iffy, and no matter what game style you pick it always deteriorates into deathmatch in short order.  While every map creates it's own problems and opportunities, it always boils down to ""kill the other guy first"" no matter what the actual rules of the match are.  But I suppose that's true everywhere.While people are usually brilliant at coordinating with their own crews, cooperation between ships seems to be lacking outside of ""clan"" players.  Not sure why.  But that's a people problem; it has nothing to do with the developers, so they're excused on this one.Security against hackers is... questionable.  I've seen some rather improbably things happen far too many times to believe that it was always a coincidence.  I can see someone scoring a critical hit on someone from BVR into a fog cloud with a full speed defelection shot once in a blue moon.  When it happens fifteen times in a row I just log out.  Not dealing with it.The biggest problem is the emphasis on ""min/maxing"" - a problem that has plagued them since day one and persists to this day.  Simply put, some equipment when places on certain ships in certain positions is simplybestand nothing else can compare.  These are not tiny differences, they are major differences.  Because of this, despite all of the tweaking by the devs and the multitude of creative options available, the reality is that every single ship hull in the game has been refined into a single, proven configuration thateverybodyuses.  Likewise, because of this every single ship uses exactly the same tactics to maximize that one configuration and everyone knows it.The problem with all ofthatis that it reduces the vast potential for strategic possibilities into a simple game of ""rock, paper, scissors"" and the outcome of a match is often determined before it even starts.  I've watched, laughing, as people have tried to ""snipe"" ship hull/template changes in during the very last second before a match starts.  I know the devs are trying to fix this, but so far... yeah, it's not working.Conclusion:Still a very fun game.  It's beautiful, fairly original, the community is realitively polite, and it has stayed true to it's ""buy once, play forever"" goal & doesn't try to shove it's microtransactions down your throat.  For that reason it's worth the money even if you don't play that often.  Right now it's only $10 and at that price you're definitely getting more than your money's worth."
,Recommended,209080,29145291,Posted: 9 January,all,Captain Jules,"Long story short, this game is an excellent game, and it's worth every penny.Details:STUFF I LIKE:- Gameplay in general. I like the idea of flying these airships, I like the matching system, using the weapons is good, flying the ship has great controls, engineering is pretty intuitive, it just all works really well- The teamwork specifically needs special mention. It's really great. It forces you to work with not only your crew, but your entire team. They made giving commands and orders really intuitive. Working together with your team and crew is awesome, and it makes you feel like an essential part of a team, which is something not a lot of games have.- The aesthetics are great. I just like the way it looks. I'm not a huge steampunk fan, but this game really does it well.- Character customization. This seems small, but being able to customize my character is a big deal to me, so I had to mention it. It's really good.STUFF I DON'T LIKE:- This is an issue that I guess can't really be avoided, but some of the players are hostile, and it makes them hard to work with. I know it shouldn't be a big deal, but it's really frustrating when someone won't cooperate on a game that relies heavily on cooperation.- Leveling up. This is a personal issue, but it seems like you level up WAY too slowly. It just seems like it takes an awfully long time to make any real progress. Although, that may be a by product of my next point- It takes a long time to play the game. A match usually won't start until it's mostly full, which is frustrating because filling a match can take a really long time when people are as impatient as they are. I don't know how the developers might fix this, but on the other hand, that's not really my job.- It can be a little confusing. I know this isn't a big deal, but it took me a really long time to figure out how to use all the engineering tools and how all the different types of ammo worked. I feel like these could have been explained by the game a little better, but maybe that's just me.Overall, in spite of its flaws, I think this game is worth it. It can be a little tough to get started, but once you get going, it really is a blast. If you've got some time to set aside for it, it's really a great game."
,Recommended,209080,30472322,Posted: 12 March,all,MΛĿFUNCTĪON,"I'll say for starters that i disagree with most reviews for this game. YouDo Notneed a group of friends to enjoy this game, anyone can regardless! The community in Guns of Icarus Online is one the nicest around and i have made many friends playing this game! Don't let these reviews steer you away from this amazing game if you don't have a group of friends to play with."
,Recommended,209080,12604069,"Posted: 23 October, 2014",all,irrelevant object,"one of the best co-op games i have EVER played, i love the idea and i hope you do to. Also love community on this game"
76561198060490412,Recommended,209080,23390580,"Posted: 4 June, 2016",all,Comrade Communism,This game is great.... unless you have no friends
,Recommended,209080,7364252,"Posted: 11 October, 2013",all,Rain,"This is my new favorite game. The graphics as far as maps are minimal, yet the details of the ship are quite good. What makes this game is the online gameplay, hence Icarus ""online"".You play against and with other players from all over thr world in these massive balloon ships equiped with guns and cannons. Your objective is to take out other ships of the opposing tem by working together. This game is your worst nightmare if you can't get a crew to communicate.There are 3 classes: engineer, gunner, and captain. The 3 classes can do everything each class can do, but are more suited towards their trait.The gunner: easiest class to play... fire and shoot at the enemy team.The engineer: fix broken weapons and engines, while also putting out fires... Most crucial player.Captain: As you can guess, mans and manuevers the ship into danger and out. Has a few perks that can help escape enemy ships.Player base quality: Harcore players, griefers, and noobs. As in everygame.One of my favorite things about this game though is character customization. There is a store you can use (costs real money) where you can pimp out your character in hats and all sorts of♥♥♥♥♥♥ Best part is it only costs around 30 cents or less for an item.So just buy it.... I need people to play with me and yell at russians dudes with me."
,Not Recommended,209080,28168121,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,Rattletrap,"I got this game thinking there would be some cool engineering to do on these ships, but no such luck. All you do is run around clicking systems as they break, over and over, no steam-management type gameplay, no skill involved. Gets real boring and repetitive real fast. This is probably why the game is dead, 1 out of 3 classes is mind-numbingly boring, despite being essential to gameplay. Average of 160 players in the last 30 days and dropping steadily according to steamcharts.Only gunner and pilot are fun and take skill but you'll probably never get to play those because everyone will be trying to play gunner and pilot, avoiding boring engineer like the plague. Which is really a shame, because you can't win without an engineer, so you'll probably just end up having to choose between winning and having no fun whatsoever, or losing but at least you got to play gunner/pilot."
,Recommended,209080,26196083,"Posted: 24 October, 2016",all,FancyDutchess,"I got this game years ago, but everytime I come back to it for a round or two it's so much fun to play! Always a great game and it never gets old! There's so many ways to customize your ship and crew, combinations are endless! Whether it be brawl over speed or vise versa, there's always a airship suited for everyone"
76561198377396936,Recommended,209080,31832836,Posted: 18 May,all,War_Lord2018,"It's a wonderful game and the community is extremely friendly to new players. The only problem is nobody plays the game, but if you're fine with god awful matchmaking then this is the game for you"
,Recommended,209080,33289630,Posted: 5 July,all,ethan,"just so you know this game is ONLY fun with frends from my experence, if you dont have a full crew of frends you will not have a good time"
76561198081672553,Not Recommended,209080,33166300,Posted: 2 July,all,Valkyrie,The comunity for this game is pretty much almost dead
,Not Recommended,209080,31515171,Posted: 2 May,all,Man On The Moon,Would be a really good game if the playerbase wasn't dead. You take at least 10 minutes to search for a mtach that lasts about 3.
76561198076077211,Not Recommended,209080,25372238,"Posted: 5 September, 2016",all,Infectedwaffle,"Highly enjoyable game with immersive battles and diverse ships and weapons.Unfortunatly, despite this being true, the game, much like a dark souls NPC (hue reference hue), is also hollow and dieing.As I write this, it physically pains me to sh*t on this game. Appart from some repetitive parts, this game is more than worth your money, IF you want to play with 2 people out of the 12 players remaining. I am literally depressing myself for writing this, but now you will rarely enjoy this game, IF EVER. The only thing that could even be close to a reviving quality to this game would be the alliance DLC coming out, but EVEN THEN the vets of this game, myself included, wont even care about the DLC, considering that most of us bought the captain's edition and more stuff, and throwing even more money at this game is simply a losing bet.To sumarize, this game is a ghost town of wonderful, but unrealized dreams and creations that, pardon the pun, sank to the bottom of the sea before it could be saved.So please, let this game die in peace..."
,Recommended,209080,14471644,"Posted: 14 February, 2015",all,Jaller,"Vitún ""mums on Ciraffe"" peli ihmetteli hanttu. Jalmarin ihmerky 4piippua korvista. Oikeastaan tämä peli oli fantasioideni päätähti. PErseessäni oli tähti räjähti? Ekkö ole luumuja ota niitä luumuja rivoa ♥♥♥♥♥?`Lentävät laivat ja kyrvänkorvikkeet stimuloi kliimaksiin ihmetellen ruplan osalaskusumman laskumäärää. Kulinaristi nisti osui eilen pallooni ja se ei olut kivaa. paitti että ekkö untti heittänyt siihen lantti. Kuherruslaiva pani ranttaliksi siksi koska ei vaan osaa evo meininkiä. Ihme heinäkyy. Pelin mekaniikka toimii erittäin hyvin kuin ♥♥♥♥♥ peli mekaniikka. Eläinvarjot istuu hyvin pelaajamalleihin ja pelistä tuli mallipeli. VITÚN SOMALIT♥♥♥♥♥♥♥PELI HAJOS JO! 7/8 kosak ne en koskenut siihen reket?"
,Not Recommended,209080,28329574,"Posted: 12 December, 2016",all,lemmy,"I was able to play for like one hour then game decided to crash nonsensically. After that, I tried to fix the game for like 4 hours. Now i can't get my refund because of 2-hour refund policy. 0/quadrazillion wouldn't recommend."
,Recommended,209080,12595686,"Posted: 21 October, 2014",all,Kurrashi,"It's absolutely amazing, the game feels like an RTS and it has every right too. It's 4 players per ship and it's ship v ship. Though the only downside that many players face. Is that you cannot board other ships. And it's hard to find a comptent crew sometimes. Though most the community is really helpful, and they are not afraid to show others how to work a certain part of the ship. And there is a lot of competetive play to it using the WANTED system. Where players can choose to become a WANTED person, and have to win matches to build a score. Doing so at the end of each period yields rewards. With that, I definately recommend this game to anyone that likes SteamPunk style games. And highly recommend this to anyone who is looking for a good game to play with friends."
76561198054991624,Not Recommended,209080,35069350,Posted: 19 September,all,Pyro,"Fun game. You wont find another like it. But the players in the game are cancerous. No matter how good the graphics and gameplay, its a multiplayer game and this game has some of the worst players i have ever come across. Unhelpful, quick to judge and unremorseful for mistakes. If you still want to play it play with a full crew of Friends for the randoms are COD levels of bad."
76561198043916495,Not Recommended,209080,35047774,Posted: 18 September,all,Lowry,No one is playing the game
,Recommended,209080,13923332,"Posted: 10 January, 2015",all,Guardian_Angel,"Amazing Game. The game is all about Teamwork. Shipwreck simulator (1v1 to 3v3) + tons of weapons including PanicThrower, Spammcarronade and RagequitCannon.Online: ☺☺☺☺☺☺☺☺☺☺Story: ☺☺☺☺OOOOOOGraphics: ☺☺☺☺☺☺☺OOOGameplay: ☺☺☺☺☺☺☺☺☺☺"
,Recommended,209080,10791274,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,blazinghydra,"Really fun so far, great to play with friends, although finding a match can sometimes take a while."
,Recommended,209080,10603776,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,ThatGuyBravo,This game is surprisingly super fun. Got this for me and three friends and we're just having a blast together playing this.
,Recommended,209080,10820200,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,squak,"7/10 would bangbutits great gameThere is 3 classes:pilot (figure that one out yourself sherlock)engineer which is the best by fargunner (incredibly pointless.)Its a great game to play with friends in groups of 4, and definetly a great game to play in general.people are nice and friendly, ships are hilarious, and its a fun, challenging, enjoyable game.you never get the same process everytime you playBest team- 3 engineers 1 pilot.Why gunners are useless:they cant repair or use flying perksthey usually dont know what they are doingleast challengingleast helpfulits basically an engineer that can't repair.the engineer can gun, use gun perks, pilot, repair (which is very vital)anyways, its a great game to play, especially with friends.Just play engineer for the sake of your team. Ok?"
76561198005582853,Recommended,209080,10776825,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,Chentleman,fun with teammates
76561198082533073,Recommended,209080,10600506,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,Tynax40,What a cute potato of awesome......
76561197994723319,Recommended,209080,1559316,"Posted: 11 May, 2013",all,Bentu'Sin,"Guns of Icarus Online brings a lot of team-based action, pitting crews and their ships against each other. It's a funny game, with lots of different guns to rain doom upon enemy ships!"
,Recommended,209080,9864158,"Posted: 18 April, 2014",all,Saint_Kappa,yes
,Recommended,209080,8175693,"Posted: 21 December, 2013",all,✪ TSM Harry ✪,Very good game! Great graphics and very fun to play with a team of 4.
76561198065087957,Recommended,209080,8746131,"Posted: 17 January, 2014",all,AwesomeSludge,Good game but could be better
,Recommended,209080,9894873,"Posted: 21 April, 2014",all,Legonaut,"This game is perfect for those who like aero space combat, but want a more team based game as well. Guns of Icarus puts teamplay above all else in this game, for without it you are a lone pilot being bombarded by enemy crews.I have only found one thing i dislike about this game, which is that you cant board enemy ships and actually fight as a person. But this feature would require a massive rework of the game and would be very unlikely for a feature such as this."
,Recommended,209080,8011087,"Posted: 11 December, 2013",all,772josephk,"This game combines action with a whole lot of teamwork and Muse pulls it off amazingly! Very addictive, and easy to learn. A bit hard to find a match though."
76561198056826075,Recommended,209080,9078679,"Posted: 13 February, 2014",all,Stitched_Anthropophage,"This game has what a steam punk junkie needs. Well, at least for air-ship to air-ship combat. Play a pilot and fly your ship through the maps and out wit you enemies, or shoot them down as a gunner with any of the veriety of weapons mounted on the ship or, keep your crew alive with one of the most important rolls by bashing parts back together with a wrench as an engineer. This team based game is also just as beautiful as it is spectacularly entertaining. The graphics shine brightly and have a bit of an old timely grain to them as if being watched through an old film projector and on some maps the rain splashes in your eyes obscuring your vision slightly. The best thing about this game is the community though. Developers are constantly online taking notes and playing in matches with the players and the players themselves have been nothing but friendly sore the occasional troll or angry Russian pilot. The game does fall flat on a few things though such as game type veriety and the ungodly A.I. engineers as well as some unbalanced ship builds and the fact that pilots, gunners and engineers have no significant advantage over one another accept for having more equipment for their assigned rolls. In the end the game is under constant change and I hear that more game modes are on the way, as well as maps, ships, guns and most importantly hats.Sk00mathief"
76561197984616569,Recommended,209080,9409484,"Posted: 10 March, 2014",all,comodor,"Nice game.Well balanced ships.servers can be a bit laggy, but managable.only thing missing is a bigger amount of players, but with time they wil come.Really something i would recommend."
,Recommended,209080,8694258,"Posted: 13 January, 2014",all,scrutti,"I have only played this once and my ship mates were all known to me before I joined. I honestly cannot remember having more fun than this in an online game were I wasn't particularly expert. The Graphics are just stunning, not from a technical standpoint but from the sheer artistry behind their design. The scenery is amazing and the array of ships is just mind-blowing. I would suggest that you do a few missions with someone else as captain before stepping up though. I had massive fun as a gunner but I was basically doing as I was told all the way through. Maybe one day I will apply for my captains hat, but not yet."
,Recommended,209080,8483993,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,Skidiki pap pap,"well, this is type of game you want if you like co-op, i think i can say, strategy co-op?... But from my opinion, i highly recommend this game to everyone :)"
,Recommended,209080,8325532,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,GackelGaxter,I love this game! It is so much fun!!!! 10/10
,Recommended,209080,8600380,"Posted: 6 January, 2014",all,splatterBUTT,Agunsel aofel Aicarusel aisel aael aprettyel agreatel agameel9/10el awouldel abangel aagainel
,Recommended,209080,7911284,"Posted: 4 December, 2013",all,Greenlupin,"This game is a great game to play with your friends, It involves serious teamwork but the pay off is brilliant.I recommend grabbing a four pack and getting yourself a crew together for some high flying combat."
76561197992440068,Recommended,209080,8453700,"Posted: 31 December, 2013",all,CommieKicker,"I still say it needs a ""airship Marine"" mechanic allowing for boarding action and all that crazy awesomeness.Otherwise, it's Master & Commander in the sky, which is pretty damn awesome all things considered."
76561198107681200,Recommended,209080,8467072,"Posted: 31 December, 2013",all,Cobalt Prophet,This Game has a good community and when you are learning how to play have an informing tutorial as well as helpfull tips on you HUD. Overall good game an fun to play with friends.
,Recommended,209080,8336977,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,Weasil,"When i first looked at this game i didnt think it would be very good. But i was wrong, this is one of the best co-op games i have ever played, centered around teamwork with good graphics and a great art style with brilliant game-play mechanics its a great game.There is only one thing i really dont like about this game and thats the team mates that you will sometimes be paired with. If the other players in your crew dont do their jobs or simply suck at the game, then you are not gonna do very well no matter how good you are at the game. Thats why i suggest playing with a crew of friends who you can talk to over Teamspeak."
76561197993928799,Recommended,209080,8525123,"Posted: 2 January, 2014",all,JiForce,"Guns of Icarus Online is a fun game to play with other people over voice chat, but less fun when soloing it up with pubs. The game is uniquely teamwork-dependant, even more than other teamwork games. Replay value drops very quickly, because all 3 roles get very repetitive after a while, especially the engineer which doesn't have much of a skill cap at all. For $3.74 apiece from the 4-pack, it's been a worthwhile pickup, but I can't imagine dropping full price on this game."
76561198081546911,Recommended,209080,10539423,"Posted: 19 June, 2014",all,Uuthgar,"Good Game, I think that if I had a head-mounted display this would be amazing, especially because they create a 3D perspective"
76561198045784396,Recommended,209080,10429657,"Posted: 11 June, 2014",all,RebelliousKuno,"This game is rather fun when you have a team that actually takes it seriously to a point where it doesn't involve death threats and calling names.  It has a very interesting style to it, which I enjoy.  The main key in this game, however, is how you use teamwork to crush the enemy team.Only problem is, sometimes you would find the team that uses no communication or teamwork what so ever, and this eventually causes you terrible death and losing streak.   There aren't really a lot of people out in this game to provide such cooperation, but I've managed to find a few diamonds in the rough.  But as always, all games aren't perfect.Overall, it is a very nice and engaging game once you get the mechanics of it, which isn't too hard.  It's nice to steer away from all of the other first person shooters like Call of Duty and Battlefield, since this adds a new twist to it.  I would recommend trying to team up with your buddies and online friends if you really want to do any good.Pros:-Addicting-Uses Cooperation and teamwork for key point-Isn't very hard (Once you get used to it, of course)-Great fun with friends-Very intense at timesCons:-Sometimes buggy-Hard to find many players that use the teamwork"
,Recommended,209080,10530448,"Posted: 19 June, 2014",all,Greg E Bean,Great game for a whole group of people to shout at each other!
,Recommended,209080,10194233,"Posted: 21 May, 2014",all,"Poptart_Cat ""Yogi""",this is a very very fun game that has a unique feal to it this game is one of the funnest i have played in a while with stratagy and teemwork that is ot fustrating
,Recommended,209080,10214241,"Posted: 23 May, 2014",all,Kit Karrot,SUPER FUN. LOTS OF GOOD.
,Recommended,209080,10506729,"Posted: 17 June, 2014",all,Talon,"This game sorta creeped up on me outta nowhere. Didn't think much of it at first glance but once i hopped on in i was surprised the game is alot more challenging and way more fun then i had first thought. If you're a big fan of steampunk type games, shooters, airship battles, teamplay etc etc you will love this game. Teamwork is a must if you are to play if you dont have that you will lose intrest very fast, so i recommend this game to everyone who enjoys air battles and teamwork as much as i."
76561198076314679,Recommended,209080,10659249,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,Myth3d,"Fantastic Steam punk zepplin battleship team battles, need I say more?"
,Recommended,209080,10134690,"Posted: 15 May, 2014",all,Mister Meeseeks,This Game is great ecspecially when you have a group of friends with skype!
,Recommended,209080,10179676,"Posted: 20 May, 2014",all,Fox Pocket,"Bring me closer, I want to hit them with my ship."
,Recommended,209080,8194201,"Posted: 22 December, 2013",all,Spaghetti Steven,"If someone tells you this is the best game ever, make sure they can run it firstDan you pleb"
,Recommended,209080,21451465,"Posted: 25 February, 2016",all,seventhsayer,"If you like competition and teamwork, worth a try, check it out."
,Recommended,209080,21413012,"Posted: 23 February, 2016",all,Captain Scrumpy,- Got in an online match- DIDNT KNOW WTF I WAS DOING- eventualy lose the match- Try to be a real balloon captain- Fly in to sandstorms and buildings- mix the up and down button up and crash in the sand- next round-crew leaves me because i am only lvl 1- i am sad- use the mic- win a game- SPIRE OP- Just buy the goddam game already because common FLYING BALLOON SHIPS
,Recommended,209080,15972076,"Posted: 23 May, 2015",all,SharpSight,"Fun and unique, unfortunately it does not have enough players and it may take a while to get into a game. There is a global chat option though, and that can be used to find people who are also trying to join a game."
,Recommended,209080,9186116,"Posted: 19 February, 2014",all,Amused Toothpaste,"This game is one of those gems lost in the mountain of gold and silver that is Steam's game selection.This game deserves much more attention then it gets, and despite the low metacritic score, it is hard to find a better game of this genre then this one.Pros:-Amazing positive community-Suprisingly immersive-Great for groups of friends-Pretty decent graphics for a game like this-Quite balanced-Great tutorials and resources for newcomers-Everything is unlocked(minus aesthetics)Cons:-All aesthetics cost a fair bit of IRL money when you buys them from the store- Matchmaking can be a bit difficult to find a game with a large population(EDIT:fixed in the new update)Overall, this game is a steal if you enjoy first person ship combat games, crew related games, or a co-op experience."
,Recommended,209080,6187238,"Posted: 13 July, 2013",all,toaster,What's not to love about airships and explosions?
,Recommended,209080,10188024,"Posted: 21 May, 2014",all,CaptButtbeard,the devs will 1v1 you10/10
,Recommended,209080,19892854,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,Zak,A really fun teamwork experience with a great steampunk feel.Definitely worth the value :)
76561198072566831,Recommended,209080,11699198,"Posted: 14 August, 2014",all,[Basdon] SledgeDog,Awesome game to play with friends!!!
76561198054774153,Recommended,209080,10102883,"Posted: 13 May, 2014",all,xanives,"If you are expecting a full-blown MMO that takes place in the skies, this game isn't for you. If however, you would like some 16 player 4 ship multiplayer battles in the sky, in the style of a MOBA, then you will have a blast. The game is very well balanced, and stresses teamwork more than being a good shot/pilot/engineer, which is aided by the team and lobby voice chat built in. This game is a blast, and having gotten the collectors edition with 3 extra copies of the game, I am able to have a full crew of me and 3 friends for just 7.50, thanks to the recent sale. For someone who does not like MOBAs, or FPS's, this game is a blast, and I can already see myself sinking massive numbers of hours into it.4 stars.2 year edit:Game is still going strong, has regular surges of people everytime it goes on sale, to about 1000-2000 players on at a time, and then drops down to about 250 during the off-sale times. Few recent updates revamped some of the strategies, and balanced out a lot of weapons and loadouts, so no more gatling-moartar pyrimidions blotting out the skies with their sheer numbers. Still would recomend picking up the 4 pack of the game, it's dropped down to 7.25 on at least 6 occasions I can recall. This is a blast to play with friends, and I will keep playing this until star citizen comes out and I can play this with spaceships.5 stars."
76561198066709937,Recommended,209080,10156128,"Posted: 17 May, 2014",all,Stormtruper,"Just picked it up on sale and four $4 there's not much more you can get in the way of entertainment. The community were welcoming, even as a noob, and the gameplay is fast, intriguing and exciting. More than once I had to stop screaming and remind myself I wasn't actually fighting a fire on an airship taking fire from enemy flamethrowers. GREAT game."
,Recommended,209080,14489324,"Posted: 15 February, 2015",all,ThomasJeffleson,"Over all a great and fun game! It's the most fun if your playing with four friends on your ship, because then you just end up yelling at each other, but adventually you get♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥and leave. I don't know if it's worth the  15 dollars, but if its on sale don't hesitate to buy it!"
,Recommended,209080,10546429,"Posted: 19 June, 2014",all,Sarkany,"Amazing game! If you like airship combat in a steampunk setting, then this is the game for you. I'd previously been searching for a game that let you run about on a ship while working with a crew to achieve victory, and this is the only game that does it well. Repair the ship, pilot it, or man the guns; all are essential to a succesfull crew. Do note that they are making co-op and singeplayer content in the future as a free update, but for now it is just match-based multiplayer."
76561198095206859,Recommended,209080,10077963,"Posted: 10 May, 2014",all,TensaSoul11,This game is fun and exiciting! I would definitely recommend this game!
76561198116723975,Recommended,209080,11281509,"Posted: 16 July, 2014",all,King Yertle the Turtle,"I highly reccomend this game it is fun,intense and strategic. It has a great community which is hard to find these days,minus a few♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥but that's to be expected. Get three friends and take to the skys! Would bang 11/10"
,Recommended,209080,13600836,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,Slippery Stephen,"This game is great. I love everything about it. Especially when you can fly around in a ship covered in flamethrowers and mortars named THE HOLOCAUST. However a lot of the community is annoying. I'm not saying all of it is annoying and I'm totally not saying that A LOT of it is annoying but there is a large percentage of completely ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ and/or just generally incompetent. 9 times out of 10 I have to direct my shipmates on what to use, where to go and whatnot. It's annoying to have to teach your entire crew how to play the game, especially when you're being shot at. It's EVEN MORE annoying when your captain slaps on an entirely long ranged build then screams and cries when you're decimated at close range. Or when your teammates care nothing but getting THOSE 1337 POINTS THOall in all a 9/11 game buy it you filthy animals GO BUY IT"
,Recommended,209080,9831188,"Posted: 16 April, 2014",all,DALXAS,SOOOOOOOOOOOOO FUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUNNNNNN
76561198066900150,Recommended,209080,23675345,"Posted: 20 June, 2016",all,Sadlycraftful,"I've had quite a few wonderful experiences playing this game, in addition to which I've been able to meet a good deal of new friends who I frequently play with. If you are considering gettting Guns of Icarus Online, bring a friend. This is a team based game and it's a grand deal more enjoyable than flying solo."
76561198120620491,Recommended,209080,10198378,"Posted: 22 May, 2014",all,willdchild,"This is one of the most amazing games I have played in a long time, the combat is fast paced, and never quite the same,the art style is simple amazing,coupled with the great classes and gameplay mechanics, this is a must have game for anyonethat likes having fun."
76561198256352647,Recommended,209080,24896046,"Posted: 13 August, 2016",all,Paranoid Turret,"A brilliant game to play with friends, there is a great community and more people need to play this game."
,Recommended,209080,8672638,"Posted: 11 January, 2014",all,SambearPoet,"A very interesting steampunky sort of multiplayer online game that involves crews on airships attacking each other in set-piece duels.The game has classes, but they are not the same as other MMOs in that you can switch them very easily.The main problem with the game is that, when you play it by yourself, it can get frustrating and boring very quickly. Also, the graphics make me seasick, so I have to take breaks. However if I could play with a group online I think it would be a lot of fun."
,Recommended,209080,23813764,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,Rene DesCartes,"Enemy spoted broad of the staboard bow!One of the best games I have ever played.  A truly unique gamplay expereince!  The community is AWESOME.  The gameplay is challenging but through good teamwork, you can achieve victory.If you enjoy cooperative gameplay but also have a competative nature, then this is the game for you!"
,Recommended,209080,1216987,"Posted: 23 May, 2013",all,TonyMo,"An incredibly intense and frantic cooperative experience. Nothing matches that moment when everything goes wrong and you and 3 friends manage to survive, get the kill, and make it back into the clouds with most of your ship intact. Did I mention its steampunk?"
,Recommended,209080,8668486,"Posted: 11 January, 2014",all,Soups,Buy it
,Recommended,209080,9863232,"Posted: 18 April, 2014",all,DRAGON LORD BILLJET,"Buy the four pack and never look back. With some friends, it will be hard to get board of this game."
76561198045536955,Recommended,209080,15980607,"Posted: 24 May, 2015",all,Iamlegend744,I first started playing telling myself only a few games just to see what this game is about. 6 hours later I am still smacking a large balloon with a wrench.10/10 Will smack balloon again
76561198051998758,Recommended,209080,10719450,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,Burnt Reflection,"A very entertaining game, sadly the community is rather smal for the number of servers avaliable"
,Recommended,209080,9212740,"Posted: 21 February, 2014",all,Señor Anime,"Incredibly fun game. Airship combat featuring 2v2, 3v3 and 4v4 team based gamemodes of Deathmatch and King of The Hill. Frequented by community ambassadors who will teach people anything they need to know, this game is easy to learn but hard to master. Always being updated with new content and bug fixes, and the devs are very active within the player base as well. There are ALWAYS people playing this, so it doesn't matter where you live, you can always find a game to jump into. Most people have microphones too, so don't be afraid to engage in some crew banter to make everyone's jobs easier.If you love being involved in quality teamwork where every person makes a difference, consider picking this game up and playing with your close friends or make some new friends to regularly experience the joy of blowing someone else's ship up. Join a clan or fly solo, make a name for yourself, and become the most feared airman of the skies!"
,Recommended,209080,14345224,"Posted: 5 February, 2015",all,President Sexy,"hey, why was the bullet mad at the gun? he fired him"
,Recommended,209080,11436521,"Posted: 27 July, 2014",all,Zenks,Its fun but needs more customization optionsneeds more♥♥♥♥♥♥will riot unless♥♥♥♥♥♥airships +♥♥♥♥♥♥= airtitsairtits = *dribble*
,Recommended,209080,9323959,"Posted: 2 March, 2014",all,GeneralGah,Very Fun
76561198027229967,Recommended,209080,10257750,"Posted: 27 May, 2014",all,Rick,Holy♥♥♥♥♥♥this is the best multiplayer game ever.
76561198003286978,Recommended,209080,13473254,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,Khârn,ok tamer
76561198107380150,Recommended,209080,10235703,"Posted: 25 May, 2014",all,Chipotlore,"Pros + Cons-+Community+Gameplay+Ship customization+Class customization+Music+Atmosphere-Microtransaction cosmetics-Terrible AI-Player animationsFinal Score: 7/10If you love games with teamwork, games with great communities, or games with huge clunky armed airships, then I suggest this game.When you first go into the game, you are treated with an excellent theme song.  The string instruments mixed with cannon shots mixed with propellers really set the tone for the game.  I find myself humming the theme song whenever I start the game.Jumping into the tutorial, I felt a bit overwhelmed.  It's telling you to do all of this stuff and at the time I didn't know what the hell they were talking about.  But if you just just take is slowly then you will be able to understand.  If you have any question, just type it into the global chat and people would be happy to answer!The character customization is great and all, but for most of it you have to pay.  If this game was free to play than I would be fine with it, but the game is $15 full price, so it's not ideal.  It's not just character cosmetics, but ship cosmetics as well. However, there is some items you can get by leveling up, I was informed you could battle the devs every Tuesday and Thursday to get some snazzy cosmetics.Thankfully, you can customize both your ship and character layout.  You are given an ample amount of ship types to choose from, each with their own advantages and disadvantages, they are all very different from each other.  Not to mention that the game also has a bunch of weapon choices, all have unique uses.  Experimenting with different ships, guns, and even ammo is a hell of a ride.When you're customizing your character loadout, you have a choice of three classes: Pilot, Engineer, and Gunner.  You also have three catagories of items, each one corresponds to a class.  You can pick one item from two catagories, and three from another catagory, it all depends on your class.  If you're a gunner, you can pick one pilot item, one engineer item, and three gunner items.  It's a good system.The game requires coordination, so make sure you talk with your crew about a plan before the game starts, it will help out a lot trust me.  You'll have time to do this, due to the fact that it takes a while for a game to start most of the time.  This is because not many people play the game, so it takes a bit for the lobbies to fill.I'm not going to say much about going into your first battle, because I don't want to spoil the feeling.  All I have to say is, hold on to your♥♥♥♥♥because you're going on a wild ride.I recommend you go in with a full crew, not AI.  The AI is horrid in this game, it is impossible to win with a crew full of them.This next complaint is small, but it just bugs me a bit that the player animations are lazy.  I don't know how to explain it, but they aren't great.In conclusion, this game has a great atmosphere and great gameplay.  Just a few small gripes keep it from being pefect, so my final score is 7/10.  Go check it out."
,Recommended,209080,8545453,"Posted: 3 January, 2014",all,Cross,An excellent game to play with friends. 10/10
,Recommended,209080,17113487,"Posted: 18 July, 2015",all,Manmade God,"You get into a lot of games with players that don't listen and incendiary players and players that have no intention to learn. Sometimes the matchmaker is slow, and if you're a captain type like me it takes a while to get into the swing of things, with a pretty steep curve.But then you get into a match where everyone is working in sync, everything clicks, and it all becomes worth it. And in these instances you will get the best multiplayer team experience I believe to currently be in existance. You become a well oiled kill-machine intent on making every opponent you meet into a scaled to life model of the hindenberg.Also the devs are really cool and really active with the community, which is a refreshing change of pace."
,Recommended,209080,947213,"Posted: 10 August, 2013",all,Ginger Snaps,Good teamwork heavy airship battle game with amazing devs! Adventure mode coming soon too!
76561198067754104,Recommended,209080,21891109,"Posted: 17 March, 2016",all,Crazydodo999,Safest form of transport ever devised.
76561198065489466,Recommended,209080,7922276,"Posted: 5 December, 2013",all,Morganasaurus,This game is amazingly hilarious to play with friends! Highly recommend!
,Recommended,209080,18031578,"Posted: 14 September, 2015",all,Sarmatios,"The feel and thrill you get when engaging in ship to ship combat and having to rely not only on your personal skills but on your own crew mates' as well is something you don't usually find in gaming.This is a game about cooperation and communication in a way that ""realistic"" war games fall short miles from.It is the most rewarding online experience I've had in years. Unique gameplay experience. Keeping me at the edge of my seat in a way I haven't seen in ages.Picture a stylish steampunk balloon under enemy fire: the Engineers are running around putting out fires and frantically fixing components, barely keeping up with the mounting damage; the Gunners are trying to return the damage they are taking with interest and maybe neutralize the enemies' guns and vital components to give themselves better odds before their own guns are taken out; the Captain is flying a ship with half the engines blown, the best gun out of commission and the balloon about to burst has to decide whether he can attempt to make a run for it or if it is better to bring all guns to bear and go down in a blaze of glory."
,Recommended,209080,13927327,"Posted: 10 January, 2015",all,✪OTXKU,"This game is a steampunk version of pirates of the carribean, as you steer a sub-par ship agaisnt other ships, the game works well alone, and you'll have a hard time being on your own, which is why the game requires that you assemble a team of 4 for your ship, you can rather have these people be your friends, or some random dudes who don't know what they're doing. The Ship mechanic is fresh, with instead holding down W or S or pushing up or down on the joystick, you have a speed toggle, so you lock the speed to 5 speeds, very fast reverse, reverse, stop, fast, very fast forward. My only problems so far is that sometimes your ship gets randomly thrown into mountains and hills, making you take damage for nothing. though this is only happened to me once. Apart from that this game is very fun and made me laugh alot. This game IS for friends so I recommend you buy the four pack."
,Recommended,209080,8327518,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,Spooky Cazze,This is actually a very cool game! A little on the boring side if you do not like to play online with no friends.I recommend buying this game with a four-pack to hand to your friends.I love playing this with my friends!
,Recommended,209080,9334810,"Posted: 3 March, 2014",all,mrd.jetzal,SO FUN
76561198035856671,Recommended,209080,4351367,"Posted: 4 May, 2013",all,Jango,Beautiful graphics backed by awesome teamwork and gameplay.
,Recommended,209080,8351148,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,FobMaster,"A massivly amazing and fun game, great times to be had."
,Recommended,209080,10176022,"Posted: 19 May, 2014",all,Aloki-San,The best indie game I've ever played. Requires so much strategy and communication to effectively kill another airship. Be warned that this game does requiest patience and a much recommended microphone.  So much fun with your friends though! A good crew is the difference between life or death!
76561197982759376,Recommended,209080,13529123,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,Pooptronix,This game is a breath of fresh air!  Worth every penny!
,Recommended,209080,11541818,"Posted: 3 August, 2014",all,🅐🅡🅡🅔🅣,"This game is really hard with cloppy hooves, but they always make Terra the captain anyway!It's because I have such big eyes that I can see everything.My friend played this with a Game Grumple, and he said that it was fun.I drew a picture of us having fun, but he doesn't know that yet so don't tell..!Terra gives this game eight Terras out of Terra."
,Recommended,209080,3291043,"Posted: 18 May, 2013",all,Clubbins,Balloon Battleing at its finest! You must have this game...
,Recommended,209080,10195015,"Posted: 21 May, 2014",all,Tr💩ller Skates,"Fun no matter what, but absolutely the best with a team of friends. Super satisfying to win, and still fun when you lose."
,Recommended,209080,24218020,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,ThePenguin,"This is like someone stakled my boy dreams and turned them into a game. Extremely awesome stuff, very underrated."
,Recommended,209080,10106142,"Posted: 13 May, 2014",all,TSwift™,So good.Much Ships.Such Fly.Wow
,Recommended,209080,16581831,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,Subject69,"Really fun game especially with friends.The game requires teamwork between the crew members and other ships to fight the enemies successfully.There are many things to learn to do well in game with the three classes pilot engineer and gunner.I do recommend this game whoever likes action game (blasting some goddamn airships) that requires mechanical skill and teamwork.Graphics are good.Almost and no bugs or any lags, and if someone disconnects or leaves AI will switch the player to keep it fair.Sounds and music are cool.Game contains voice chats.Doesn't get boring that easily, can be played for a long time and still have fun.Get your crew or join one and I will see you in the skies!"
,Recommended,209080,18287289,"Posted: 2 October, 2015",all,SincityL,"While it doesn't currently have a big population, Guns Of Icarus is a brilliant game which I hope will continue developement and expansion"
,Recommended,209080,17869666,"Posted: 3 September, 2015",all,Wololo,"Somewhat fun. If you're looking for something similar, you wont find it, so I'd recommend it on that basis alone. Struggles with lack of variety, but a solid game with a solid concept."
76561198059041121,Recommended,209080,17965023,"Posted: 9 September, 2015",all,Dimmadon't tread on me,"I played quite a lot of matches with some friends. I always picked the engineer.We nearly lost every time, but throughout the mass chaos, panic, and yelling, I always had a smile on my face.Yea. It's a damn good game, but I'd recommend getting it only if you have friends to play it with, cooperation is key to winning in this game. But still, great fun."
,Recommended,209080,5383565,"Posted: 30 October, 2012",all,Aemeilius,"This is an amazing game, beuatiful graphics and gameplay and a genius idea."
,Recommended,209080,13531844,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,Maple Syrup Facial,"It smells like hair that has just been washed, which is a really nice smell."
,Recommended,209080,10192979,"Posted: 21 May, 2014",all,corrin,Honestly one of the best Teamwork games that I've ever played. Airships with ♥♥♥♥ing cannons? COUNT ME IN
76561198088093266,Recommended,209080,17970630,"Posted: 10 September, 2015",all,Mausis,Best game ever!
,Recommended,209080,11555356,"Posted: 4 August, 2014",all,Dargonaut,One of the best Steam-Punk Genres out there that has a team type of gameplay. Also must have good connection and a decent Computer to have a decent gameplay! 10/10
,Recommended,209080,13552503,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,BrbHouseOnFire,You and your buddies run around piloting a Blimpy Zepp shooting down other Blimpy Zepps.Put this on the top of your list for Co-op awesomeness.
76561198067033980,Recommended,209080,17765644,"Posted: 28 August, 2015",all,Rodien,A really good game! Theres only a few shames:1. The higher ranked folks can be ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s.2. Small community
,Recommended,209080,890162,"Posted: 4 August, 2013",all,Bravado,Surprisingly fun with friends in a group
76561198031383953,Recommended,209080,14845028,"Posted: 11 March, 2015",all,Kimba,"The community is the best of any game I've played thus far, and the game modes are fun."
76561198072998471,Recommended,209080,17869554,"Posted: 3 September, 2015",all,Koali,"Where do I start? Let's see here...+ Promotes teamwork.+ Rewards teamwork.+ There are few better feelings than surviving a 1v2 encounter with the enemy team that ends with you triumphantly flying through the wreckage of your opponents.• High learning curve.• Veteran players can be harsh, but can also be good teachers. All you need to do is listen,unless, of course, they ask you to take Chemspray.- Don't try and apply l33tMLG420noscope tactics in this game. It'll only get you killed."
,Recommended,209080,17739309,"Posted: 27 August, 2015",all,Cosierprism2,"Très beau jeux, pas trop cher et un asser bon systeme en ligne, je le recommande fortement."
76561198051707072,Recommended,209080,17865144,"Posted: 3 September, 2015",all,KaosTheery,"Guns of Icarus Online is a great multiplayer game that puts a huge emphasis on teamwork and communication to achieve victory. It's a ton of fun to play, and I highly recommend it."
,Recommended,209080,12719122,"Posted: 31 October, 2014",all,Phoenix,"Got this while it was on sale, but would have paid original price or more for such a well made game.Great team based game! Awesome customization options for such a unique game. Play it with some friends and prepare for fun times ahead. I was hooked after a single match.Runs extremely smoothly on my laptop on the highest settings and I have yet to see any networking errors occur in a match."
,Recommended,209080,18703514,"Posted: 26 October, 2015",all,Novuh,Once beat a game with 4 gunnersWe finished with every single component on fire and had no deaths.11/10 Would win on fire again.
,Recommended,209080,10109807,"Posted: 14 May, 2014",all,Michal323_CZ,"Game is alot of fun, but problem is there arent many people that communicate, so its usually just people running around ship doing nothing, but if you have players that communicate or youre playing with friends, then this game is incredibly alot of fun, first match that i played was alot of fun, becouse i had normally communicating team, but sadly next game i had team that didnt communicate, so it ended up by us getting killed and lossing the game, so thats why cooperation and communication is importnat thing in this game."
,Recommended,209080,9165668,"Posted: 18 February, 2014",all,Xayfain,"Intense and brilliant multiplayer game, best with your own premade team of friends and even better on LAN parties. Needs a quick registering at the start, but it was quite fluent.I recommend this to anyone who likes heavily team based games!"
76561198061362637,Recommended,209080,8353998,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,theweebabyseamus,I first tried this game out at PAX 2013 and was very happy with how unique the style of play was. I was pleased with the end result and decided to buy the game. The team strategy and unique ships makes this game fresh and excitingn through each round. I really like the voice chat since it seems almost neceassry with this type of game.
76561198059777514,Recommended,209080,8259505,"Posted: 24 December, 2013",all,Kakurot,"A Very fun game to play with friends, it has produced many funny moments I would recomend to anyone who has 3 friends to play it with."
76561197964054724,Recommended,209080,7349360,"Posted: 9 October, 2013",all,Amadaun,"I bought this game and immediately sprouted thick, lustrous, mutton chops. It's well worth the $15 price tag."
76561198044755108,Recommended,209080,8137157,"Posted: 20 December, 2013",all,Dr Happy Feet,"Best played with friends, this game is awsome. The ships all play out in their own way, and with the weapon customization you can easily fit ships for different purposes, or render it useless ;) Teamwork is key, and a squad of organised friends will wrek a bunch of randoms all day every day. I rate this 8/10 when playing with friends, a litle lower when random queing, since bad coordination can ruin a mach"
,Recommended,209080,8266996,"Posted: 24 December, 2013",all,Mad Spirit,FREAKIN AWESOME
76561198014873064,Recommended,209080,8268630,"Posted: 24 December, 2013",all,Skadoodle,"this game is very challenging and with a good experienced team you can make the air your playground, even at the beginning of playing this game in general its fun to play and can be a huge chalenge at first but you can easily get used to the controls."
,Recommended,209080,8229107,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,Gibus Witch,Pretty fun
76561197993891515,Recommended,209080,8216023,"Posted: 22 December, 2013",all,Lord Hubris,"Not necessarily a game for everyone but I am personally a sucker for these sorts of teamwork games and have been wanting a game where you play as a single crewman on a ship as a multiplayer concept for a while. I was thinking tallship more then airship but no complaints here. The gameplay is simple but I find there is a good deal of strategic depth here with positioning, gun/ship matchups, and time management to keep things engaging. With a weak captain the game can feel pretty bland, but when you have a good talkative crew with plans and a leader suddenly you're playing a completely different game and it has a great feel to it. So far the community has had a really nice air to it and I've been having a ton of fun.On the downside bugs still crop up here and there. Nothing I haven't been able to fix by restarting the client but needing to do so mid match because I couldn't access my tools or use guns was frustrating. Hopefully that sort of thing will get patched up as the game moves forward.The game could end up feeling slow and for some classes you can find yourself behaving fairly mindlessly in your task which could result in finding things boring which is why I mentioned it may not be for everyone. I find that my investment in what is happening on the larger scope keeps me engaged even when I'm just staring out into a dustcloud waiting for the pilot to bring us around but that investment is largely created by the community and having a nice bunch in your crew. I've had some silent rides where I started to feel managing certain guns or covering certain areas as an engineer becoming monotonous. Though with a lively crew this never even occured to me.All in all, I've been having an absolute blast with it. If you like teamwork orientated games and feel you can be invested in a team outcome as much as personal activity you should have a great time here, though a mic is basically a must so do make sure you have one. If your unsure I would lean towards advising you give it a shot as it is a fairly unique sort of game. Even if you grow tired of it eventually I think you'll still find yourself with a good set of fond memories. Sometimes hunting for a good crew can take a bit but hop around and try to chat with people and see what you can find. If your having no luck try and find a Community Ambassador. They've all been great in my experience for getting fun matches rolling."
,Recommended,209080,8234744,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,Sugar Free Memes <|°_°|>,AMAZING FUN
76561198050278679,Recommended,209080,7352892,"Posted: 10 October, 2013",all,Fragment,"This game is addictive if you like Steampunk-based games, it's really worth the full price,but it's even better when it's just 25% of the original price!"
,Recommended,209080,7353855,"Posted: 10 October, 2013",all,MarioVX,"This game is unique in its gameplay and just totally awesome, a lot of fun with friends, and even with random teammates thanks to the nice community and the easy to use voice chat function."
76561198025705346,Recommended,209080,8222357,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,Zardoz,Steampunk airship combat.  Come on? Why are you reading this pathetic review when you could be blowing your opponents out of the skies from the deck of a heavily armed zepplin?!?!
,Recommended,209080,20470273,"Posted: 11 January, 2016",all,XxACHANNxX,"""YAR ME MATEYS!"" ""LET US KILL SOME SCALLYWAGS!""-Some guys in the first game I played."
,Recommended,209080,7760609,"Posted: 25 November, 2013",all,Scarling,"For an indie game, this game is DEFINITELY WORTH the asking price! The game takes a bold direction by putting players in flying airships in a fancy steampunk- themed world. Teamwork is essential here, as you and three other players, each playing one of 3 different roles: Gunner, Engineer, and Pilot...must work together in order to ensure a decisive victory over your opponents in the skies!Gameplay is fun, addictive, and well- balanced (for the most part). A fresh change of pace from your typical team- based pvp game. It's just such a shame this game isn't more well- known....Highly recommend playing this game with a group of friends."
76561198099644372,Recommended,209080,8941059,"Posted: 1 February, 2014",all,casper_verzuu,this game is awesome!
,Recommended,209080,9164022,"Posted: 17 February, 2014",all,OMAPRAZLE,yaaaassssss
,Recommended,209080,16092293,"Posted: 30 May, 2015",all,Jayoku Houtenjin!,"It is quite a good game. 7/10Community is good but not great.Gameplay is fun and engaging.Tip: Stay in tight groups with your team, don't act alone 99% of the time you will fail."
76561198039263101,Recommended,209080,18946634,"Posted: 7 November, 2015",all,Exiled Phoenix,"This game is great, and i wish there were more players to play"
76561198086494997,Recommended,209080,17823891,"Posted: 31 August, 2015",all,ChowChowthePig,"I just finished my first game with people who were lvl 40 and above. I was well revieved and was treated with kindness for the entire game. The game is fun to play, I like the music, and I don't get dizzy at all."
76561198053223847,Recommended,209080,17851365,"Posted: 2 September, 2015",all,Dr. Fargo,"Guns of icarus is not only a very fun game with it's machanics. It has an amazing social aspect with it's amazing community. I have made some of my greatest friends of all time through this game, and I would change it for the world. It is an amazing game and I reccommend everyone buy it"
,Recommended,209080,10186950,"Posted: 21 May, 2014",all,Lemonade Warrior,The Graphic are good the Team Work Needed in this game is intense and the music is awesome why not buy it;)8/10
,Recommended,209080,17883772,"Posted: 4 September, 2015",all,Captain Luna,Its a very nice and cool Team PvP game with a cool steampunk stile
76561198040246926,Recommended,209080,16012974,"Posted: 26 May, 2015",all,Nixxie,"EVERYTHING IS ON FIRE, THE CAPTAIN HAS JUMPED OFF THE SHIP AND THE GUNNER HAS STARTED DRINKING VODKA, HELP ME. (Said every engineer ever.)......"
,Recommended,209080,17905010,"Posted: 5 September, 2015",all,Veyku,10/10 would pour moonshine into a ship engine again.
,Recommended,209080,11064870,"Posted: 4 July, 2014",all,Drahonn,Cool Game!
76561198089549442,Recommended,209080,11580126,"Posted: 6 August, 2014",all,perambulating_panda,"An excellent game with an even better community, which is mainly what makes it so great. The gameplay itself is often manic, and extremely good fun - but you'll need to collaborate with your 3 other crewmates in order to take down enemy ships (I cannot stress enough how important it is to have good communication with your crew, as well as good tactics). The voice chat feature makes this very easy, but if you don't fancy speaking to strangers over the internet, there's a text chat option as well - most people are very friendly! Communication and familiarity with your crewmembers is greatly aided by the clan system, which forms the basis of the online community: you can get to know people in your clan and develop rivalries with other clans, against whom your clan may be pitted in the frequent tournaments that take place. Tactics play as important a part as execution in this game, with captains of the ship able to change ship loadouts to suit their crew and opponents; ship customisation is also available. All three roles of gunner, engineer and pilot are very fun to play, and you'll soon find which one you like best - most people start with engineer as it is often the most straightforward, at least when you're new to the game. There is a fairly comprehensive tutorial system inbuilt, as well as the game forums for more information and excellent community guides.My only complaint would be that it takes a very long time to level up all of your classes, as this is done by earning achievements and not directly controlled by the amount of time spent playing the game: but this is clearly a deliberate choice made by the developers (who, incidentally, are very active in the community) and you still have a great time playing the game.In short, an excellent little game that will keep you absorbed for a long time as you grow familiar with its nuances and finer tactics."
01001001011001011,Recommended,209080,17746618,"Posted: 27 August, 2015",all,Legolas,"Cool game, but needs more people playing."
76561198053844385,Recommended,209080,17452270,"Posted: 8 August, 2015",all,Patar,gud said nuff
,Recommended,209080,8129069,"Posted: 19 December, 2013",all,3XD,This game is pretty rad.
,Recommended,209080,17454121,"Posted: 9 August, 2015",all,tree,"Wow.. so..This game is incredible. So incredible that I would recommend it to anyone with three other friends that are willing to spend money on it too.But that's just that. If you don't have 3 other friends whom you can Skype or voice chat with.. don't even think about getting this game. It's not worth the annoyance.Yeah, there are voice chat options in-game but it all is pretty irrelevant because they're not going to listen to orders you give (if you're captain) and not all of them will know your lingo. The command ""right, right, right, right"" might be ""AIM RIGHT"" to them, when in fact you're meaning to get on the right gun. Or ""left, uptop, barrage"" might just mean ""shoot randomly"".It's not a game you can just sit down and enjoy casually. Every round is intense, thick with teamwork and if your team is properly put together.. there isn't much you can't do. If you aren't constantly updating your friends on the goings-ons of the ship.. YOU WILL DIE. If they can't listen to you.. YOU WILL DIE.Every win, every hit, every barrage will feel like you are personally on the ship.. you become almost intimate with your ship. When your balloon gets critically injured your ship sinks.. and so does your spirits as you mash the W key to ascend because the ground is coming up at a very fast rate.It's so ♥♥♥♥ing worth it if you can assemble a team of 3."
,Recommended,209080,8347230,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,Jonny,this is a fun game to play for those who likes to play a role
76561197978912099,Recommended,209080,806182,"Posted: 30 October, 2012",all,TheNightman,so goooood
76561198085811131,Recommended,209080,13678109,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,Chris,Great game to play with friends competively or just for fun
,Recommended,209080,13884350,"Posted: 7 January, 2015",all,thameslink,Metacritic is rubbish this game is mad fun.
,Recommended,209080,7770514,"Posted: 26 November, 2013",all,Rago,"OMG SUCH GOOD, MANY AWESOME"
76561198067108654,Recommended,209080,14044979,"Posted: 17 January, 2015",all,Logress,"Got to sing with the captain on his own ship. He got off the wheel and we all gathered together to barbecure and chat. Probably not how you're supposed to play, but 10/10."
76561198088914177,Recommended,209080,12877863,"Posted: 10 November, 2014",all,theEasternDragon,"I personally think this game is great. I have some issues with it, but on the whole I think it is good. The needed coordination among teammates is essential, and I think what really makes this game is what they DIDN'T add. Lack of boarding, and hand-to-hand combat really emphasize teamwork, and if you don't have a good team, you are screwed.Some of the things I dislike are mostly minor, and I think will be fixed with time. The graphics are good, but on certain maps, (i.e. any with rain, or fog) I feel like it was poorly done. Also, the lack of game modes begins to get to you after a while, but they are working on adventure mode, the DLC for which i will definitely buy. On the whole, I would give it a 7/10, and I would love to give it more, but it is not the kind of game you could lose yourself in.I built up a ton of expectation about this one, and while unrealistic, it feels slightly like a letdown. But it will get better, and what they have now is impressive. Good work guys."
76561198072105823,Recommended,209080,13545024,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,TechGamerBoy,"It's so difficult to find a steampunk themed online game like this onethis game had so much fun and need a teamwork.if you like naval battle,aircraft battle,airship battle,steampunk battle,tactical combat,good teamwork,modifying your airshipthen buy this game because it so F*CKING AWESOME!!!!....don't worry with the metacritic,64 mean 6+4=10it means 10/10 lol.worth to buy this game 10/10."
,Recommended,209080,14646048,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,Gabe the Doggo,it's just a very good game with the best community I have ever seen.(no rage kids or annoying people)11/10
,Recommended,209080,13557359,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,FT | Xenas,"This game is beautiful in the sense that you have to communicate heavily with your allies. Sure most games understand the same principle, but there is way more to this game. Whether  you are flying your airship, or repairing it, the amount of communication needed is impeccable. I love this game as it is constantly changing, where the same strategy doesn't always work. Not to mention that the artwork in the game is pure bliss.Would Recommend anyday.10/10 would torch a blimp again."
,Recommended,209080,14288620,"Posted: 1 February, 2015",all,Seven,This is an amazing game! team work at its best makes me feel like a real crew member
,Recommended,209080,14592844,"Posted: 22 February, 2015",all,lion king meme,"It's a game with a great community and Airships, what more could you want?10/10"
76561197982178025,Recommended,209080,14497655,"Posted: 16 February, 2015",all,Urist the First,Tried not being Captain.The Captain chose gunner as his profession.Fiery death ensued.
76561198144502946,Recommended,209080,14417647,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,KHK,"Unique, beautiful, very fun, demanding communication and cooperation, great community. I highly recommend it."
76561197985007911,Recommended,209080,9181683,"Posted: 19 February, 2014",all,J. Curwen,Great casual game. Your skill is the most important variable in the game. If you are looking for a challenge is a very good choice.
,Recommended,209080,12376624,"Posted: 5 October, 2014",all,Some Goon,Guns of Icarus Online is fantastic with a very well spoken team that actually PLAYED the tutorial. Nothing is more satisfying than pulling off destroying a flying ship with your flying ship and crew.
76561198192634423,Recommended,209080,15984936,"Posted: 24 May, 2015",all,Buddyback,Dont waist your time get it!
,Recommended,209080,15987739,"Posted: 24 May, 2015",all,Molotof,Fantastic fun despite being associated with so-called steam punk.
,Recommended,209080,15987905,"Posted: 24 May, 2015",all,Dearie,"Great gameplay , Very good to play with friends"
76561198078586254,Recommended,209080,15988334,"Posted: 24 May, 2015",all,lsuna,hilarious with friends
,Recommended,209080,15989178,"Posted: 24 May, 2015",all,Fink,"Very solid gameplay mixed with strong focus on teamwork makes for a amazing areal-dogfighting, steampunk, MOBA-Styled game. Each class feels strong without becoming overpowered. There is plenty of variation with different ships, load outs, items, ect. I would highly recommend you buy the four pack and play with a full crew. The only downside a small community. Middle of the day has 3000 people on, which make some queue times long. But, don't let that deter you from picking up this awesome game. Defiantly a good addition to my steam library."
76561198134679578,Recommended,209080,15989633,"Posted: 24 May, 2015",all,DexterSheep,This game is fun.
76561198117560457,Recommended,209080,12601030,"Posted: 23 October, 2014",all,Restuarant Crayons,"very fun, competetive multiplayer game.Graphics are not the best, but that is to be expected with the unity engine.Nuff said."
76561198111596784,Recommended,209080,10831347,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,Walrus,"I would recomend this game because it is an epic airship battle taking place in a steampunk world, you use turrets on your ship to fire at the enemy team. Also i LOVE this game because when they say FREE to play they mean it, you dont have to buy anything unless you want your character to look better (guilty as charged) so it is completely free."
,Recommended,209080,16046725,"Posted: 28 May, 2015",all,Squish,Phat
,Recommended,209080,5010100,"Posted: 20 May, 2013",all,MTPio,Alot of fun especially with a group!
,Recommended,209080,10232641,"Posted: 25 May, 2014",all,orkishwarboss1,Great unique game that is extermly fun and exciting espcially with a group of friends.
,Recommended,209080,8181696,"Posted: 21 December, 2013",all,Proxy,"Guns of Icarus flys way under the radar and is heavily underappreciated. It is a steam punk masterpiece tackling a style of game play that few have ever tried and most have failed. The game is imersive and beautiful with very in depth, yet simple enough mechanics you can grasp within you first hours of gameplay. Definitely a game to be played with friends for some all out fun, competitive or casual."
,Recommended,209080,10008023,"Posted: 3 May, 2014",all,Fb.0z,Flying air pirates simulator 2000 and steampunk
,Recommended,209080,9209809,"Posted: 21 February, 2014",all,breadandjelly,"This game is fantastic. The different ships are balanced well, though there's a definite strategy to each and every one. Working as a cohesive unit is the only way to survive and win, so the petty bickering that usually accompanies online games is almost nonexistent."
,Recommended,209080,12943775,"Posted: 14 November, 2014",all,~CHRIST-CHAN~,"This game is AMAZING! So cool! The only thing I didnt like was that the dust breaks everything and you need to repair it all the time if you fly through it. Otherwise, AWESOME GAME!"
76561198041327481,Recommended,209080,4740852,"Posted: 15 April, 2013",all,The Marta Bus,The original business team building game. No crying.
76561198082400102,Recommended,209080,13482880,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,legionnair,great game
76561197995211768,Recommended,209080,13482523,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,"Laifnam, God of all Fail","Bloody brilliant. Lag might d/c you sometimes depending on your connection but there's a big ol' button on the main menu that let's you attempt to reconnect to the game immediately! Brilliant!The environment is amazing, ship designs scream Steam Punk. No advanced construction here. Ships of the Seas given balloons.This game also has the friendliest community I have ever seen in my 12 years of playing games. And I play a lot of games. Honestly, for 3.74 right now, there's no reason not to get this game."
76561198028130259,Recommended,209080,3851823,"Posted: 31 October, 2012",all,NimRast,"Awesome steampunk/dieselpunk game, with its main focus on cooperative control of an airship. If you are a steampunk airships fan, this is your game! =)"
,Recommended,209080,13711963,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,[U.P.A.U.] Prinny with a TopHat,"Guns of Icarus Online isn't dead yet.What's good:+Steampunk;+Fun to play;+Competitive;What's bad:-Microtransactions. But it doesn't affect the gameplay;-Slow. Sometimes the game will become a treasure hunt;-Chaotic. Sometimes when there's a 3v3 the games start to get way too chaotic.Overall:Graphic: 9/10 even at low it's gorgeous;Sounds: 10/10 welcome to the factory;Gameplay: 8/10 better play with friends;Final result: 9/10 if in sale it's a ""MUST HAVE""."
76561198040636844,Recommended,209080,13728838,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,HighOctane,good game but server have low number player. shopping mall  paid for play and support developer.
76561198003556975,Recommended,209080,2178984,"Posted: 21 May, 2013",all,Goldensteev,Great Team-Oriented game!
,Recommended,209080,10114467,"Posted: 14 May, 2014",all,Vatis,"Very fun co-op game. Playing with friends is awesome, and the game has some very cool mechanics."
,Recommended,209080,11707020,"Posted: 14 August, 2014",all,Nat Nyls,help i can't stop
76561197970597310,Recommended,209080,15309231,"Posted: 11 April, 2015",all,Chaosegg,"I love this game. A lot. Probably as much as I loved Natural Selection, Dota, or Mount & Blade. (TF maybe too)Rewarding, updated, good looking, and balanced. The community is great. The matchmaking is reasonably good, and there are great stats, achievements & visuals to unlock/purchase (clothing, paints/dyes themes none of which gives you advantage in game mechanics, so there is ZERO PAY TO WIN).The difficulty and complexity scales from novice to pro nicely so there's almost always something new to learn, a trick or experience you haven't done before.Short description:Exciting team-based gameplay. Not like anything you have played before most likely.Crew combat airships of various specialties/layouts in 2v2, 3v3 or 4v4 ships versus ships.Each ship has a crew of at least 1 pilot and 3 ai crew, or up to 4 players per ship crew (including pilot).Usually that means a driver, a gunner and some engineers who split their time repairing damage and shooting extra guns.The learning curve for crew (non-driver) is pretty easy, the pilot is a bit more tricky (flying in 3 dimensions and leading your crew usually at the same time, often on voicecomm).A match generally consists of a lobby (either deathmatch; first team to a certain number of kills, king of the hill, or cap the flag/KotH), where a map is voted on, and both teams' ship, crew, and weapons setups are organized.. before the timer ends and the match starts (plenty of time generally).During a match you try put enemy ships in your weapons range/arc and knock out their components like guns, balloon, armor, or engines, with the hull under the armor being the finisher.Each weapon, and ammo have their own thing they are ""mostly"" used for, and a more strict effective range plus turning limit, so the pilot must work with the gunners to give the crew good lines of fire etc.Non-pilots also use spotting scopes to tag enemy ships with a bracket for easier identification at range. Ships can use cover of terrain and clouds to evade detection/damage. While piloting skills are often the most influential single factor in win:loss, a crew of really bad humans can contribute to a loss more than having ai crew sometimes, and a good human crew is ALWAYS better than the 'bots'.The view from the open air deck of your ship is nice, and you as a crewperson are immune to enemy gun fire, but you can fall off, which leads to a realistic fall-time and death with an immediate respawn onboard. Once familiar with the ship layouts this will rarely, if ever, happen, and even if it does, it isn't a match ender.As a ship is damaged, the guys with repair hammers go to work to get things repaired, which is pretty fast paced and well done as a mechanic. They also do firefighting and buffing on ship components. The hull itself cannot be repaired during the match, which is why ships want to try to keep their armor intact as much as possible to protect the hull/structure. And of course if you lose your balloon you fall out of the sky, no engines make you a sitting duck etc.People are nice and will 'teach you the trade' ""on the job"" quickly.9/10Highly recommended if you like teamwork games."
,Recommended,209080,13173969,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,Silenoz,I really think this game is very underrated. It is a multiplayer game in which you can pilot beautiful steampunk airships with 3 other people. I love the fact that you pilot 1 airship with 4 people. The devs recently included a matchmaking system that improved over the previous one.The community is overall really helpful. The only negative aspects is that sometimes is difficult to find players (and it's sad because it's an awesome game)8/10
,Recommended,209080,12586594,"Posted: 20 October, 2014",all,R|c|G SlendySloth,"Just an all out blast this was,epic roleplay, fun, requires teamwork and that means when you have a team you can play, its perfect!10/10"
,Recommended,209080,9166127,"Posted: 18 February, 2014",all,Why is ***** censored,FUN!
,Recommended,209080,16150784,"Posted: 3 June, 2015",all,Psycho_Punk,"kickass game if your into working as a team, can have some bad crews but you can easily find a good crew, get the 4-pack so you can give to friends for free and don't have to worry about them hating you if they do not like it."
,Recommended,209080,13769285,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,Lil suzhi vert,"""Boom Boom BOOM BOOOOOOM"" Sounds 10/10 very realistic""Wake up dude"" Community 10/10""WHOA THAT SHIP IS HUGE"" Graphics 10/10""pew pew pew, clonk clonk, TURNING SHIP STARBOARDS"" Gameplay 10/10All in all 9/10 IGN:Its pretty ♥♥♥♥ing good, you should definitely buy this."
,Recommended,209080,14228676,"Posted: 29 January, 2015",all,PresumablyDrLivingstone,"This game is easily one of my favourite games ever. Simply put.It has content for multiple playing styles; whether you like flying, shooting or fixing stuff, Guns of Icarus Online will have something for you. It's incredibly immersive in the sense that I am constantly shouting out to my crew: ""Contact off the port beam!"" or something along those lines.Overall, it is an excellent game, and it is amazing for LAN parties and such (you can form massive crews of multiple ships)."
,Recommended,209080,10216252,"Posted: 24 May, 2014",all,Ðgtl_Ƨamurai,"This game is awesome!!! Teamwork and communication is key to winning, also alot of weapon customization is possible for different types of ships. If you love original games, then you got to play this! Its the most original aireal combat game ever made!"
,Recommended,209080,16422252,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,Dominix99,"Guns of Icarus Online is a game like no other, and here's why: This game is about commanding an ""airship"" through the skies of a variety of beautiful maps while alongside your crewmates. There are 3 classes to chose from: Pilot, Engineer, and Gunner, each with their own jobs, but can also help out around the ship with other things. Depending on the ship you chose to bring to battle, some classes are more important than others. The ships can be customized to your liking and there are plenty to chose from. Each ship has 4 people on board. The main game type is a battle between two teams, each with 2 or 3 ships. There is something about the experience of joining your friends and commanding your own ship, flying into battle, and destroying other players that feels so amazing and surreal. And I'm not overexaggerating, this game is pure fun if you have a few friends with you. The battles can be really intense and yet so rewarding in the end. You can also customize your character for each class and what tools they bring with them to battle. I definitely reccomend this game if you have a few friends who also have it. And if they don't have it, suggest it to them."
,Recommended,209080,16574004,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,saem,"One of the most interesting ""Simulation"" games i've played. You play as either 1 of the 3 roles,  Pilot, Engineer or Gunner. Both use a unique set of tools specifically made for each class. With those tools 4 people must take charge of a flying airship and keep her in tip top shape all the while battling other ships for domion. Over all rating of 9/10."
,Recommended,209080,19982522,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,Ochtavia PH,buyinstallplay tutorialplay multiplayergot low fps cuz my low specsgot boreduninstall10/10 need new pc
76561198082400896,Recommended,209080,9184514,"Posted: 19 February, 2014",all,Luczrio,Join The Crew!
76561197979260961,Recommended,209080,12605583,"Posted: 23 October, 2014",all,Ludeman,"Fun game where eveybody plays a part.  Most underated postion is the guy who fixes the ship.  You also need a good captain who understands the ship he is flying to position the best firing solutions to his gunners while not taking to much damange.  You NEED a really good gunner or two. A good gunner will make all the differance between victory or defeat.   If you achive this magical combo you will have so much fun.   Howver its possible to get a crew that blows and all you can do is laugh and try again.  Fun, fun  game......."
76561198076053783,Recommended,209080,11687797,"Posted: 13 August, 2014",all,Krezo,Guns of Icarus Online is a good game if you're into Steampunk stuff but also is good for normal gamers too.
,Recommended,209080,11776156,"Posted: 18 August, 2014",all,Haladmer,"Great team based game that really requires communication.  Sure you might be able to win without talking to each other, but it'll be much easier (and a lot more fun) if you do!"
,Recommended,209080,19853541,"Posted: 22 December, 2015",all,Irregularblob,"Great game with decent strategical depth.  Takes a lot to learn the in and outs of guns and when and where they are usefulPros- Great with co-ordinated friends- Game get intense often- MMR calculator is good, especially when considering there is only max 500 people on at one time- Cool people to meet on hereCons- People being♥♥♥♥♥♥at shooting guns pretty much means insta loss- ♥♥♥♥♥♥ pilots not knowing their arcs means insta loss- engineers who like to gun means insta loss- Galleons with 4 Manticores is something only advanced people will be able to kill, prepare your poo holePretty much the team reliability on this game is insanely irritating"
,Recommended,209080,18722579,"Posted: 27 October, 2015",all,Party on Darth,Fantastic multiplayer game with an emphasis on stratedgy and teamwork.If only more people knew about this game..
76561198035715525,Recommended,209080,16330968,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,The Phagus,"I've honestly come to love this game.Teamwork is vital for good results, intelligence is richly rewarded and it tickles my love of steampunk fantasy. I can't get enough friends hooked on it.I have to rant though: At the moment, Gunners are terrible. There is nothing a Gunner does that an Engineer doesn't do better. Ammo-loading you say? Let's look at that: Engi can load an ammo type of their choice, which is usually all you need for a specific gun strategy, while also using a buff tool for better damage. They can also immunize themselves against fire without A: wasting ammo on heatsink or B: sacrificing ability to repair.Engineers are part of the crew. When they're not gunning they can do anything that needs doing. Buffing, repairing, putting out fires. A Gunner does nothing but shoot. If they lose their guns they're boned. If the ship's crashing they can't help much. The psychological profile of random Gunners alone is enough for me to ban them from my deck.Bottom line is you've got 4 people on the ship and every person not pulling their weight brings you closer to death. You want the best time in the sky, grab 3 friends and sort out who's piloting and which engineer does what. Do that and she'll be apples, mate."
76561198097137672,Recommended,209080,19260034,"Posted: 24 November, 2015",all,Thistle,"* if you want a game with team co-operation and that's tons fun?this game is for you, Guns of Icarus is a co-operative ship on shipbattle, were you have to do your part, the engineer class is wellbalanced for team support and can still get on a gun, the gunneris for dealing damage, and when you pilot, you gotta learn fast oryou're gonna have a bad time, my advise? start as an engineer,and learn from there, five stars from your buddy sans."
76561198113081449,Recommended,209080,8214700,"Posted: 22 December, 2013",all,Milk O'Malley,This An Amazing Game With Great Team Based Play It Has Fun Ships That You Can Customize What You Want on It And Plenty of Items You can Use On Your Loadouts and Plenty of Fun Costumes To Choose From I Would Highly Recommend This Game To Anybody In Overall:Great Game With Only few Problems
,Recommended,209080,15925214,"Posted: 21 May, 2015",all,Hooman,Very good multiplayer game! A tips play with your friends.
,Recommended,209080,20333435,"Posted: 5 January, 2016",all,CloakNDagger,Yes. Just yes.
76561198030530657,Recommended,209080,21554763,"Posted: 29 February, 2016",all,Clarund,"I could say a lot of things. But I will simplify it with what I have been looking for a good time: This game has one of the best communities ever. Some rare times there may be someone that had a bad day and can't focus right, but almost everyone show respect and are fun and cool to play with, even this being a pvp game.Why does this happen? Because it's not a hardcore game. You won't have to expend every single millisecond of the game paying attention at what you are doing and have to make every move right. We have moments to breath and prepare for the tough parts before they arrive. I believe this method of stress reduction helps people being a lot nicer to each other. Another plus thing on this game: Flying stuff and steampunk game style, how not to enjoy that?"
,Recommended,209080,21936087,"Posted: 19 March, 2016",all,Sonicfate,"Like steam punk, airships and teamwork? Then this is the game for you! Get ready to get yelled at from the dark side of this game's community, where drunk people pilot your ship, and the ability to do everything it takes to survive while being confined on this one ship filled with sweaty people working their asses off to kill more people on other ships who are also working their asses off!"
,Recommended,209080,21968578,"Posted: 21 March, 2016",all,Yuri Gagarin,This game is amazing everyone should buy it.
76561198013990072,Recommended,209080,17866028,"Posted: 3 September, 2015",all,49 Times,"Definitely one of the most enjoyable coop games I had the chance to play (provided you find the right people, that is, but that is an issue all games have).+Purely experience and skill-based game, with no reliance on level or exclusive equipment to defeat opponents+Various playstyle possibilities depending on your airship type, its loadout and your equipment.+With all the games dependant on quick reflexes and APM more than anything else, a game basing your proficiency on tactical and strategic approach is definitely a blow of fresh air in the teamwork-oriented PvP games.+Aesthetically pleasing+Steampunk *_* (dieselpunk, whatevs, you get the ""drill"" :P)+Heavily teamwork reliant, at the same time clearly set goals and easy approach make it easier for people to actually work TOGETHER in a teamwork-oriented game for a change.+Challenging, and always leaving a room for improvement in your ship destroying efficiency.+One of the best gaming communities out there :*-(Applies to open games only, doesn't really affect premade teams)Either takes a long time to start a match OR you start a match fast with people not knowing the plan behind your ship and its choice of layout.-Some achievements are RIDICULOUSLY hard to do (sorry, completionists :<)"
76561198127696877,Recommended,209080,23086470,"Posted: 19 May, 2016",all,Bannanuu,"Such an amazing,fast paced masterpiece, everybody has a job you have to be part of it, if you dont be a good mechanic your ship goes down, bad pilot? you explode, its such a great game and highly reccomend it!! 10/10"
,Recommended,209080,7902709,"Posted: 3 December, 2013",all,Mon Bones,"If you have a clan that is looking for something different to the standard fps games and want something with strong reliance on teamwork, all whilst having fun flying around in an airship, I strongly recommend this game.truely a gem in the rough."
76561198162319125,Recommended,209080,18164647,"Posted: 23 September, 2015",all,BobTheFancyHobo,Play this game already! If that didn't convince you read a detailed review I'm busy playing Guns of Icarus.
76561198079564521,Recommended,209080,9164305,"Posted: 17 February, 2014",all,Blue,"This game turned out to be suprisingly good! I recommend it to every pilot, engineer, and gunner (In Game)!"
,Recommended,209080,9223742,"Posted: 22 February, 2014",all,The Man That Hoists,"A VERY teamwork-based game. I recommend playing with friends if you want to play this game seriously, but you can still get a few games of fun out of it by yourself. I only play it every once in a while, but whenever I get into a good game where people are talking and working together, the experience is unparallelled.Additionally, the art style works great! The visuals and sounds are asthetically pleasing."
76561198059123307,Recommended,209080,9253537,"Posted: 24 February, 2014",all,Wiglaf777,"Delicious steampunk. This game is wonderful.  Airship to airship battle with strategy and teamwork. The crew on an airship needs to work together to be the most effective and communication is key.  You can be a gunner using a variety of guns and ammo to take down enemy ships. You can be an engineer fixing damage, putting out fires, and upgrading airship components. Or you can be the pilot strategically bringing the airship in and out of combat to minimize damage taken, catch the element of surprise when possible, and to always keep the best guns for the job in range of the target. The game looks pretty good and the background music is nice. Ignore the metacritic score because it is deceiving.  This game is a lot of fun and I highly recommend it."
76561198070922814,Recommended,209080,8410086,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,Pokeman,BANG BANG
,Recommended,209080,7986194,"Posted: 9 December, 2013",all,Rustler Of Jimmies,Playin 24/7 owning noobs left right and center.
,Recommended,209080,7918494,"Posted: 4 December, 2013",all,「C2」Deztrox,I'm gonna ask you one question. How many steampunk airship battle games have you played? Exactly. This is probably one of the coolest games i have ever played. All they need to add now is bi-planes....
,Recommended,209080,14358819,"Posted: 6 February, 2015",all,spire,Awesome Game!!!! Keep this♥♥♥♥♥♥up!
,Recommended,209080,10385456,"Posted: 7 June, 2014",all,Themcguiremλn,One of the only good steampunk games out there (that has actual populated servers!)It's also really addictive and fun to play with friends.
76561198015593163,Recommended,209080,19040127,"Posted: 12 November, 2015",all,Solifidian,One of the best games on Steam. Needs players tho.
76561198053132166,Recommended,209080,10118190,"Posted: 15 May, 2014",all,Nima,this game is so fun when playing with your friends and i recomend u to play it with me :D
,Recommended,209080,10237839,"Posted: 25 May, 2014",all,Aristotle(Road to Silver 1),"Love this game, you can make alot of friends easily(If they have a mic, of course), enjoy the environment, and just have fun! This game is easily, in my oppinion, easily worth the 15 dollars. I recommend this game to anyone that who can afford it. This is a great game!"
76561197960504097,Recommended,209080,16325203,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,Leddsworth,"Guns of Icarus Online is a game where by you start off playing as a Nicholas Hoult dressed in some quite reserved, yet distinctly steampunk, attire and gradually unlock a wardrobe of clothes and trinkets to dress him up as outlandishly as possible, with the goal of impressing the other players you are occupying one of the games many lengthy the chat room sections with.Occasionally airballoons.10/10, would fail to bring any fire extinguishers again."
,Recommended,209080,16481635,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,소원,flying armored ballons hitting down other flying armored ballons? Freakin awesome
,Recommended,209080,9168787,"Posted: 18 February, 2014",all,Hj,"This game..... IS the definition of TEAMWORK.Seriously, i've just started to play the game and the feel of ""steampunk"" is soo unique, you'll have 3 classes to work with and with each class have their advantages.if you're just starting out, it's highly recommended to  go through the basics so you'll know how to work with what and who.Voice communication makes this game even MORE enjoyable, coz when you're flying into the battlefield, all of the team members will shout like, "" this is spartaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa"" and the captain will say, "" Arrrrrrrr, me booty is shakin like a storm ya see"".ya see what i mean?i'll give this game an easy 8/10"
,Recommended,209080,11195081,"Posted: 11 July, 2014",all,Indieandajones,"Guns of Icarus as a steampunk based zeppelin battle game consisting of the gamemodes Team Deathmatch, King of the Hill and Conquest; all the while with enviromental hazards and beautiful ethreal landscapes. This game is great for those that communicate via mic. Allthough mic communication is a strong suit, it is also a down fall. This game requires people to do certain specific jobs, so If the pilot and crew (Gunners/Engineers) dont inform eachother of their situation, the ship will breakdown in fire and eventually blow up. Everyone seems pretty up to speed though. The mic is particularly most important for the captain, If there is no mic available the player can proceed to use key voice commands. It is pretty much pirate ships powerd by Balloons and Engine Propellers.  The guns themself are a much different calibur then a typic pirate ship. Which forces decisive planning. The community itself is a bunch of characters. This is a very multicultural game where i've run into people from Europe and the U.k. (I live in the U.S.)  In the end, victory feels really like an acomplishment, which is always a plus in games. If anyone is interested in buying this, know your tools and abilities (4 slots to swap out in the lobby), it really helps due to the games being open match. Real people real trash talk consequences, and as for people on the internet go, they can be harsh, but as for the main tip, stay informed!  10/10 for maintained interest."
,Recommended,209080,8151512,"Posted: 20 December, 2013",all,MoonMoon,"I recommend this game for all who loves steampunk and FPS games. But these are not exactly what describes this game. I love it because it leads me into a world, where I have to be strategical and communicate with teammates to earn the victory. My most used role is steerer, and I love how I can lead my crew into the battle, and how much we can achive with simple instructions. In this game you have! to communicate, or else you lose. If there is a good pilot, he/she is nothing without a crew that can repair the engines, baloon and others, and vice versa. There is a good engineer or gunner, but a bad pilot, you can repair as much as you want, if he/she doesn't go away of the gunfire when needs. So godd luck for everyone, and be communicative, and don't be mad on others, help them!"
,Recommended,209080,12917475,"Posted: 12 November, 2014",all,YzalSan,"Alone, it s cool. With 7 dudes on a ts server, it's EPIC !PRO :Do you want explanations ?- First, teamplay is very fun because even if you do errors, it s still possible to win, if a pal get out the game, Pouf, an Ai replace him.- Second, you re an engineer ? You still can use guns, or even pilot if it s a need. Class change just the ammount of stuff you can pick for Repairs, Guns, Or Pilot skills so it's not a very big problems if it exist mistakes in stuff for the beginning. =)- Third, Ships and Tactics are infinite if captains find them. Flamethrower Squid ? Tanky Sniper Galeon ? Heavy front Junker ? Goldfish Pirate hooking ? Still possible. ^^So just jump on it if you can full price for dev, Or with promotions, or another site, who knos. ^^CONS :- Sometime, some jerks just are too proud to accept to talk, or guys just throw the game, like in all team game.- Not found yet."
76561197962205463,Recommended,209080,8141961,"Posted: 20 December, 2013",all,Foksu,Steampunk themed airship fighting game where teamwork is really crucial. This game is lots of fun especially when played with 1-3 friends. What I've seen community seems nice. 5/5.
76561197966398004,Recommended,209080,241997,"Posted: 4 August, 2013",all,Crowgore,"Even though it is just airship battles, they are very intense and really fun. The only time you're gonna be standing around in this game is when you're searching for the enemy but you find one, which doesn't take long I might add, you'll be doing everything you can to keep your ship in the air. Definitely recommend for those who like intense battle games."
76561198019513329,Recommended,209080,3248974,"Posted: 2 October, 2013",all,WTFPsychoPewPew,"Lots of fun! Worth every cent :DAnd that 4-pack is a steal, just grab it!"
,Recommended,209080,6910711,"Posted: 23 February, 2013",all,John Pewter,"Excellent gameplay, very artisic style, has replay value. Sometimes you can chat with the devs in-game, and it has an overall nice community."
76561198027038606,Recommended,209080,7745742,"Posted: 25 November, 2013",all,@TheRealDonaldTrump,"Edited 04.02.2017Steampunk-Airship-Dogfighting. Teams of four players per ship, customizeable zeppelins and characters, there´s nothing alike and it is, at least in my opinion, worth the full price, which isn´t that high to begin with anyway.Now with PvE, clan wars, more ships, guns, customisation options friendly devs and a while small, very friendly and good community, this game deserves more attention.The only thing it suffers from is the quite small playerbase and the rather high skill-ceiling which can lead to very hard matches due to the small but experienced playerbase. Bring friends and be prepared to get your♥♥♥♥♥handed to you every now and then.9/10 it´s fun, get it now or on sale with the DLC´s, best get the 4-pack and bring your friends for enjoyable, tactical airship battles."
,Recommended,209080,7745335,"Posted: 25 November, 2013",all,Dragon Demon,"Awesome game!! Recommend to anyone.There are some nasty people in this game but just rage at them over your microphone if they bully you. Most gamers are fat soft ♥♥♥♥♥ who live with their mothers, so don't let their ignorant piggish shenanigans turn you away from this game. It is incredibly fun and captures the truest essence of Steam Punk.In the future the developers want to make this into an MMO. That is really exciting and I am planning on placing a refrigerator and a toilet right next to my computer desk so as to not ever have to worry too much about my physical body while I transcend into dune battles onboard chugging zeppelins, armed to the teeth with all sorts of clunky weapons. Indeed it would be a true life of bliss.Thumbs up."
,Recommended,209080,4702571,"Posted: 21 July, 2013",all,2ez4mem8,"Awsome game to play with friends.It is a buggy game but they fix and update weekly (if not daily) so dont worry much about that.You will surely enjoy playing with 3 friends on the same air ship, but I must say that if you dont have friends who play Guns of Icarus, it might be boring after a few hours.(^^still worth it!^^)The adventure mode is coming soon! so now it will be fun to play alone (I hope)!"
76561198074502922,Recommended,209080,6764109,"Posted: 23 February, 2013",all,allenmaher,"Airship battles, very steampunk.  I would not recomend this for intel HD 4000 (it works but there are issues)"
76561198083595646,Recommended,209080,13501104,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,King_Mordecai,Teamwork simulator 2015   10/5
76561197999611470,Recommended,209080,18397488,"Posted: 9 October, 2015",all,FatalBagel,"This game is the absolute♥♥♥♥♥♥ Buy, Download, Play. Its got a wonderful, and supportive community that makes online interaction very pleasant."
76561198055117726,Recommended,209080,16859363,"Posted: 3 July, 2015",all,Wolf One,"It's a very fun game,Iff you need to play in team and just ignoring it would be a lose.because this game is team-basedrequirements:-be player friendly-have patience-be able to listen to eachother"
,Recommended,209080,13872987,"Posted: 6 January, 2015",all,SPLIFFWARD,fun
,Recommended,209080,1219185,"Posted: 30 March, 2013",all,Fawp,"A game that requires total teamwork.If you have a bunch of eight year old kids and weekend communists to man your ship, you're going to die.But if you have people with actual brains that do what they're told, you're sailing victoriously off into the sunset."
,Recommended,209080,7745581,"Posted: 25 November, 2013",all,IguanasaurusRex,Really fun!
76561197975268355,Recommended,209080,10204840,"Posted: 23 May, 2014",all,Raptor,Brilliant co-op game with good graphics and nice gameplay. You need real-teamwork to win and the game has a decent community. However it is sometimes difficult to find games.
76561198041255332,Recommended,209080,4733786,"Posted: 15 September, 2013",all,ellren1392,"Imagine a game where piloting an airship feels like piloting an airship, not driving a baloon from god mode perspective. Imagine a game where damage is not just a life bar but individual components that can break down and cripple your enemy in different ways. Imagine a game where the guns all feel different and placement of shots can change the tide of battle. Now Imagine a game where you and three other crews fight fo domonition over the sky.This is Gun of icarus, the ships all have strengths and weaknesses and their custom load outs change how captain and crew will fly together and win or lose.The leveling system for the classes teaches different play styles and does reflect general skill,  you have to acheiv the goals to level up not just enter matches."
76561198061671546,Recommended,209080,13312151,"Posted: 10 December, 2014",all,Sciophyte,"Wicked fun, and very different from other online games! Great community that is very helpful with newcomers, plenty of patient people that make getting into the game a very pleasant experience. Best played with a mic (especially if you're piloting) as efficient communication is key in this game. Sealed lips sink ships... they're not kidding! Guns of Icarus should be a mandatory team-building exercise for any office. ;-)"
76561198089612801,Recommended,209080,13864929,"Posted: 6 January, 2015",all,Scythe7,"PROS-Cheap-For Mac and Linux-Steampunk balloon awesomeness-Great multiplayer fun,especially with friends-Varied gameplaywith the three classes-Cosmetic and functional customization-Creative balloons and turrets-Oddly reminiscent of Star Trek, with the captain shouting the order to fire everything and the engineer struggling tokeep your ship together.CONS-Not great graphics or porformance, but acceptable-Balancing isn't great-""Newb"" limitations until reaching level five with a class-Microtransactions, although only for purely cosmetic items, some of which are attainable through gameplay-No exploration, quests, or storyOVERALL RATINGBuy it! For only $15 dollars, this game delivers up to 4v4 airship battles around crazy steampunk evironments with awesome weapons and four players to an airship, making the largest battles 16v16."
76561198124985759,Recommended,209080,10223841,"Posted: 24 May, 2014",all,Blue,"Great game, a bit laggy on my computer though. Has beautiful graphics and really gave me a good time shooting other airships down. Definitely recommended."
,Recommended,209080,10226582,"Posted: 24 May, 2014",all,[10CCE]Remi,Fantastic Game......Just try it out! its worth it
76561198000019479,Recommended,209080,16531489,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,Jan Michael Vincent,"I'll have to split my review into two parts, one for the game itself and another for the community of players I've encountered:1.) The Game: Guns of Icarus is a steampunk-themed airship combat game with 4 players to a ship. Between them the roles of gunner (primary gun user), engineer (repairs/rebuilds/puts out fires/enhance equipment) and pilot (pilots, obviously) are assigned. It's a beautiful game, and the variety of ships and gun types allows a crew to tailor to their fighting style very well. Piloting controls are a little awkward, but that's likely by design. It relies heavily on communication, so playing with friends is best, but that leads me to the second part...2.) The Community: This game has one of the best community of players I have ever seen. Although there are a few bad apples, the majority of players I've randomly queued with have been good-natured, communicate well, and don't talk other team members down. This, in my opinion, makes the game go from good to great. If you have to queue yourself, it's not something to dread, you can still find very fun groups to play with. Just have your headset ready, or type quickly, because you MUST communicate."
76561198065114395,Recommended,209080,16481859,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,Jennatrox,"I really like this game, but only when playing with people I know. It's great for a group of people that you game with but on a team without knowing people makes communication hard and it's definetly heavly team-based."
76561198053002502,Recommended,209080,16518527,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,Tuitara,"The Aussies servers they added are about as populated as the outback, it's a nice touch and really adds to the realism of the oceanic experience"
,Recommended,209080,15110554,"Posted: 29 March, 2015",all,Iznerat,yanınızda 4-5 kişi varsa direk alın sormayın bile.
76561198143099025,Recommended,209080,16487321,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,Zach,ayyy its a good game
76561198063534354,Recommended,209080,11505801,"Posted: 1 August, 2014",all,Alex,Very fun action and teamwork based game. I would recommend to anybody; I love it
,Recommended,209080,16557407,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,WatMachtDieKuh?,Got the 4-Pack on sale - will never regret it!Give it a try! Its not the usual feeling but thats what I love about it.Its all about communication and timing.
,Recommended,209080,16711996,"Posted: 25 June, 2015",all,ashton,this game is cool i guess. buy it if you want.
76561198164996682,Recommended,209080,20117822,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,jackthejedi,okay my  first day on guns of icarusi log in do the tutorials and get use to the games controlsgo onto multiplayer and am thrown into a match with a captain with a bug that wouldnt allow her control the ship so i have to take overafter that match the captain friends me and i have been flying with her ever since 10/10 would get this game
76561198061284453,Recommended,209080,18296786,"Posted: 2 October, 2015",all,MechaVile,"You're looking at this game. You're looking at this review. Let me not waste your time.We, as gamers, play games for fun; for the reward of victory or actions well executed. In Guns of Icarus, you play as part of a group of four on an airship. You are in charge of your position and generally only your position so victory is determined by the cohesion and experience of the crew as a whole. Here's a (kind of) TLDR on that:Roles in hypothetical order of importance:-Captain: The pilot of the ship. He steers, pivots, raises and lowers the airship to best attack and defend enemy airships. He gets to choose three abilities from a stack of eight to increase the speed, turning, ascent/descent, etc. The Captain also chooses the guns for his ship and therefore decides the general tactics for disabling and destroying the enemy.-Main Engineer: The repairman. When individual parts of the ship take damage, which they will to great extent whether you like it or not, it is the Main Engineer's duty to repair the vital components, mainly the hull armor and the engines. When a component is destroyed, it no longer functions, so a ship without its engines, for example, can not move forward or turn and only keeps its existing momentum and turn angle until those components are repaired. Many ships have fallen by ramming into buildings and mountains because of this. Survival is often hinged upon the Main Engineer and his ability to delegate repairs and sprint between components.-Gunner: The shooter. Every role gets to choose their own ammo type for use with the guns, even the Captain. The Gunner, however, gets to pick three out of a selection of eight to load their weapons with. Each ammo type has a different effect: Burst gives more ammo and AoE damage, Incendiary increases chance to cause fires, Greased increases ammo and firing speed, Heatsink increases ammo and prevents flames from disabling the gun. Each ammo type is unique and it is the Gunner's duty to know the guns, know the ammo and deliver the most debilitating blow with each bullet (or rocket) fired. Being able to switch between three ammo types helps by changing the effectiveness of your weapon in battle.-Secondary Engineer: The handyman. Stuck between a side-gunner and a side-engineer, the Secondary Engineer repairs the components that the Main Engineer cannot effectively handle. This usually includes the balloon, the guns and often an engine or two. Additionally they fire the guns more than they repair and are an important part of the overall damage of the ship. Sometimes equipped with a buff hammer to increase their damage output, Secondary Engineers are also called Gungineers or Gun Engies due to their assistance with the destruction of enemy ships.What's great about this game is the victory and conquest of a defeated fleet, of barely getting out of a fire fight with minimal health only to turn around and destroy the attacking ship. It is exhilirating in a way that is hard to come by in other co-operative games.Pros/Cons:+ Airship design is wicked. Beautiful, beautiful, beautiful. Good amount of subtle details and touches to increase ambiance.- You will die a lot. Practice mode is necessary for first time players. The learning curve is harsh as there is little time for error and crewmates may berate you (as you may eventually do to them) for failing at your post.+ When you learn your post and your ships, the game becomes infinitely more enjoyable. Single-handedly delivering victory to your ship as a Main Engineer because you know the guns and how to disable the enemy ship with them is like executing a Fatality in Mortal Kombat. It. Just. Feels. Good.- You will hear harsh words or be talked down to. That's to be expected of pretty much all multiplayer games that include voice chat though. The negative interactions come from a place of personal investment in the game so, you know, take it in stride.+ You will make a friend or two and have a few laughs with others in the ""side game"" known as Lobbies Of Icarus where we wait for the match to start. It's a fun community and we do enjoy it.-/+ Takes about 100-200 matches, generally speaking, to get good at your role. Not sure whether that's good or bad but it takes some understanding. If a game can be picked up and mastered in 10 matches, then it's boring. If a game takes a 1000, then it may be too challenging. This pops somewhere in between and I became good at every role after about 400 matches. I became really good at Main Engineering after about 550. Now I'm at 700 matches and can be lethal in any role on any ship.In closing, I used to be in the Navy and it really does draw a pretty good parallel to the camraderie and the scrambling frenzy of working with a crew on a small ship. In real life if a major pipe bursts you may only have minutes before the entire ship is lost. The game brings back the mad dash of repair work and maintenance while adding guns and a steampunk element to everything.288 hours on record and I'm not going to stop playing this game. It's just that fun.10/10"
,Recommended,209080,16050361,"Posted: 28 May, 2015",all,JATDragon,"Awesome game, great game-play, a real enjoyment even for casual playing. Needs teamwork and a good graphics card. Best played with friends or strangers using voice chat. It doesn't make you feel like you need to pay money or dedicate hours on a daily basis to get good and have fun. Only problem is that a really good internet connection is needed and that semi-experienced players will not be able to play with low level players and will be crushed by high ranking players."
76561198121310810,Recommended,209080,20229486,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,Aurooc,Great game... only down side is a smallish community
,Recommended,209080,6265529,"Posted: 22 December, 2012",all,Dragon Slayer Ornstein,"good air to air conflict game, lots of action and explosions.........most of the time."
,Recommended,209080,7909978,"Posted: 4 December, 2013",all,kaybuck,"This game has a very solid hook in the core concept and gameplay: you play as part of a crew of four on an airship, which itself forms part of a team of 2-4 airships. Mayhem ensues: trying to keep track of everything that's going on with your pathetically limited first person view is a folly and a joy!There are lots of little issues around the edges; it's under active development by a smaller studio so some will be fixed and some won't. Server coverage is poor (Asia, America, Europe) - I get nothing in the green from Australia. (EDIT: There's since been a server added in Singapore.) Poor graphics in some instances can impede enjoyment & gameplay (for instance: lo-res textures make it impossible to tell whether you're about to crash into that canyon wall...)It can be a hard game to enjoy if you can't find a good crew.  So that's something to consider. Having a mic and feeling comfortable using it is a big help, but useless if you're the only one communicating - so if you can get enough friends to crew a ship together I highly recommend starting out that way."
,Recommended,209080,20342505,"Posted: 5 January, 2016",all,whereistheleft,Great community. Love the game play. I will definitely play this for years to come.
76561198089315328,Recommended,209080,10679142,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,[ER] Jaiden_P,This game has taken up many hours of my life. It is one of the most enjoyable games I have ever played as well as the community being the friendliest I have ever encountered.
,Recommended,209080,16815317,"Posted: 30 June, 2015",all,[Кия] BioTechx34_67,"As the description of the game says, ""With a good ship and the right crew, you can conquer the skies!""The chance of you having a good crew is Bacon and rat feces mixing in a bowl. You will never know if you will get a good piece of bacon or rat feces, or a piece of bacon covered in rat feces.But most of the time, you will probably get a good team, Guns of Icarus is a fun game to play with friends, and cooperate with the captain to destroy the other ships. It has great action, a cool customization menu, Different Roles that can help around the ship, and you can change some of the special items or bullets etc in the customization menu as well.There aren't many maps in the game, but the maps that are in the game are well made and have fun obstacles you can fly through if you're trying to shake a ship off your trail. It has different atmospheres depending on the map that you are playing on and a great action soundtrack for shooting down enemy ships.I didn't really understand why Guns of Icarus required money, as other multiplayer games don't. But i think the gameplay and the design and action of the game made it a good reason for it to require money. Whoever developed this game did a great job.I rate it a 9.7/10"
76561198095651201,Recommended,209080,19847450,"Posted: 22 December, 2015",all,River Turtle,"Excellent game where teamwork, ingenuity, and a good attitude work together.  Each game is different with endless gameplay possibilities.  Awesome community which welcomes new players without intimidation.  Play it a few times, stick around.  It's the only game you need."
76561198056132597,Recommended,209080,19942667,"Posted: 25 December, 2015",all,Numerophobia,I highly recomend this game (as long as you are nice and polite) the community is awsome and so is the gameplay  10/10.But I would advise leaving a prox 1 hour and a half per match including the lobby time.
,Recommended,209080,12982590,"Posted: 17 November, 2014",all,shotakoe,Great game. Teamwork highly required
76561197979643793,Recommended,209080,21218862,"Posted: 14 February, 2016",all,RustyRaven,"Guns of Icarus is probably one of the most rewarding team-based games I have ever played, but it is not without its flaws.The good:+All 3 classes are distinct and you need a healthy mix in order to play well.+Both the ships and guns all play rather differently, but mastering them all feels great.+The maps have a nice variety to them and feature both cover, sandstorms and open ground.+All in-game items for sale are purely cosmetic and you can even unlock some as you play.+Almost every victory feels rewarding as it requires a lot from the entire team.The bad:-The soundtrack is rather limited, although judging from the dev updates that might change soon.-Communication is key, so if you or your team members don't have a mic and refuse to talk - you'll lose.-The game is currently multiplayer only, so wait times can be rather long before finding a match.Bottom Line:Guns of Icarus is an absolutely fantastic niche title that mixes steampunk, co-op ship management and even arena combat to make for a great experience. However, I would recommend picking up the 4-pack so you have friends to play with as going in completely alone can lead to a poor experience."
76561198031068042,Recommended,209080,21153294,"Posted: 12 February, 2016",all,0M3G4,This game should come with a health warning!! 10/10
76561198001460148,Recommended,209080,13398272,"Posted: 15 December, 2014",all,Sp,"Fantastic game, focused around solid team work."
76561197969541921,Recommended,209080,358959,"Posted: 27 July, 2013",all,Tact,"It's a fantastic game, good for co-op, whilst skillful and great fun.Ignore the metacritic score, go to the site and check the avg user score : 88/100The ""critics"" were overly bias, most likely because they didn't get paid to swallow... like with all their other babyfood reviews for mainstream publishers."
76561198134911337,Recommended,209080,16298058,"Posted: 10 June, 2015",all,SmokedSawSage,Very fun!
,Recommended,209080,23937060,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,Jadespore,"Fun with friends, ok going solo. in need of the PvE expantion coming later this year"
76561198128959218,Recommended,209080,17864986,"Posted: 3 September, 2015",all,xedeon,"I think this is a very fun game. If you stick with it, respect and learn from the more experienced members of the community, and can work togeather with your crew, you will have a ton of fun with the rest of us."
,Recommended,209080,17557859,"Posted: 15 August, 2015",all,Indigon,"This is a really good game. All three of the different classes are equally fun to play, and are all extremely important to the team.There are only two ways I can think of to improve the game. 1. A few new types of guns to put on your ship. 2. Improved AI (seriously, the AI gunners have terrible aim, and the pilots can barely fly the ship.). Other than that,this is an amazing game and is definitley worth the $15."
,Recommended,209080,10105946,"Posted: 13 May, 2014",all,Bradledew Ender,A great game for those who work well with others.
,Recommended,209080,10171082,"Posted: 19 May, 2014",all,Ben,"This is currently one of my favourite games, the steampunk layout has a nice effect on me, steampunk being my favourite genre, fused with the game mechanics, I find sublime, though there may be some initial bugs, the game it self is a really good buy, definitely worth the full price, the game it self had some amazing global effects for every map, with the smog, and clouds, it was overall really nicely done, the pilot has the most difficult job of all, yet it is still my favourite, though I wish even at this point in time there were more customisation abilities, it doesn't bother me too much, I would highly reccomend this game. Hope you enjoy."
,Recommended,209080,10119451,"Posted: 15 May, 2014",all,-CML-NorMann,This game has given me endless joy and I have met many great people playing it. It encourages team play and you will fail horribly without it. I would say it has great playability and the music is amazing. 10/10
,Recommended,209080,26160473,"Posted: 22 October, 2016",all,[♫] ZnC,"If you're looking for a role-oriented game with airships as the core, give this a shot. The new DLC, Alliance, introduces PvE to the game, allowing you to play without being under competitive expectations.(Long history short. The devs used to make bad balance changes. They (finally) start taking suggestions directly from the community. The game gets good balance changes.)"
76561198064207067,Recommended,209080,21863430,"Posted: 15 March, 2016",all,JackedInGaming,"Currently has a low player base, but over all a really fun game.Pilots are hard to play but rewarding when you learn. The class system is a little basic, but over all fun with the different items and each class can do every thing."
76561198088518479,Recommended,209080,21785749,"Posted: 12 March, 2016",all,BZRKer,"Amazing. Would especially recommend if you have read Chris Wooding's, Retribution Falls. This game has the magic that old PS2 games used to have. Don't think, just buy."
,Recommended,209080,21895588,"Posted: 17 March, 2016",all,OnyxBlackSmith,Tell your friends and assemble a crew to take down any sky-pirate you see!
,Recommended,209080,607421,"Posted: 23 February, 2013",all,Ageotas,"-=Add Ageotas to your friendslist, and I am always happy to teach new people.=-Guns of Icarus may well be the most exciting and engaging game I have played. No other game places more focus on teamwork and cooperation, while maintaining a great atmosphere and hours of fun. The community is active, vocal, and happy to teach new players, and the Post Apocalyptic Airship theme is immensely refreshing and exciting.The attention to detail on the ships, the maps, and the player models is exquisite, and the soundtrack is subtle but engaging. The developers take a particularly active role, with constant updates, community feedback sessions, and they even regularly jump into the game and play along side you!Seriously, I cannot recommend this game enough, and I look forward to seeing more and more people take to the skies."
,Recommended,209080,19091147,"Posted: 15 November, 2015",all,Cpt.Korwind,"Great game to play with friends, communication actually matters and is the key to survive here! you can play as an engineer, gunner or pilot and there are different ships and loadouts you can bring to the battlefield in order to bring havoc to the skies! Hwatcha doing still sitting there? BUY NOW!"
,Recommended,209080,3775840,"Posted: 18 January, 2013",all,Svensson,"Nice airship combat with a touch of steampunk, a very nice game.Not so many playing right now though."
76561198047811734,Recommended,209080,23489858,"Posted: 10 June, 2016",all,HaleyKnight,"I've wanted this game for a while now and I was finally able to purchase it with my friends when we found out the game was on sale last week.We instantly all fell in love with the game the moment we played it. We were immediately drawn to the game because of its gorgeous Steampunk art style, mostly because of the Steampunk themed Dungeons and Dragons campaign that I was taking part in with my friends. The game is gorgeous and creative when it comes to its design, and it fits the Steampunk style perfectly.The gameplay especially is very fun. Being able to fly your own airship across an area and fight other ships is satisfying, relaxing, and adventurous.The main reason why I wanted to write this review was not because of the 15k review milestone, but also to express how great the staff is. When I purchased the game, I immediately decided to purchase outfits for my characters. I soon discovered I made an accidental purchase and requested a refund. Never have I met such fast support before in a game. I was emailed very shortly after I sent my refund request and the staff kindly understood and gave me a quick refund with no real hassle at all.The game is great and the community itself in not only the players, but the staff as well.If you have any friends, get everyone you know to buy this game and command your own airship together."
,Recommended,209080,19452103,"Posted: 2 December, 2015",all,R☯berino,"i met two russian kid's trying to do terrorize america and kill jew's, they later became my soul m8's."
76561198028147394,Recommended,209080,24654698,"Posted: 1 August, 2016",all,Ares Stormrunner,Fantastic game! Needs more players.
,Recommended,209080,25861740,"Posted: 4 October, 2016",all,"Unbind E, I'm Not Healing You","This game is insanely fun! (besides waiting for a match) And being the pilot from my opinion is the best part of the game because who dosent want to ram a giant steampunk airship into another steampunk airship?! Being the pilot is fun espeacially not even being in battle. The gunner is basically the guy who repairs the guns and the guy who uses them most of the time. The guy who works on the ship and i didnt forget the name of it, yeah i did, but i kind of find this part kinda hard because one second your firing a gun the next second your having to repair the whole entire ship within 3 sec. without getting fully shot down. This game is amazing i wish i found this game a lot sooner"
,Not Recommended,209080,21260436,"Posted: 16 February, 2016",all,Charles_Butt,"Back in February of 2016 I said this game would continue growing with updates which will keep on the fun; I was wrong. The only update we got we had to pay for, and it wasn't even that good. Gameplay is tedious and frustrating, dealing with other people is tedious and frustrating, and trying to have fun is tedious and frustrating. I really wish I could have as much fun in a hot air balloon shooting at people as I used to, I really do. Same old same old gets boring, and that really is a shame."
76561198020790879,Recommended,209080,10637549,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,Wut,"Really fun game to play with three other friends.  It has blazing guns, support roles and the need for great captains.  The integrated voice chat is a really nice feature. Steep learning curve when you get out of the novice levels but a really solid game all around."
,Recommended,209080,11529679,"Posted: 2 August, 2014",all,straight BOOLIN,"Really unique and fun, the pace is slow, but that's okay, sometimes I want a slow-paced game."
76561198103066244,Not Recommended,209080,7277640,"Posted: 25 August, 2013",all,Schwo,There are 875 achievements in this game! That is more than the current player base!!!
76561198086850166,Recommended,209080,11311884,"Posted: 18 July, 2014",all,simpledan777,"this game is where its at in the new age of online multiplayer... pitting team against team... crew aginst crew...... greab your friends, and get your gear ready, its gonna be a bumpy ride.... Gun of Icasur, the best team work centered game i have seen yet.... and the community is the high lite of my experiance  the game is awesome, the people playing it.. are even more awesome!"
76561198031471572,Recommended,209080,4060051,"Posted: 16 August, 2013",all,Lhynkrix.,"good music, good gfx and awesome red vs blue gameplay. i reccomend this to anyone that has played the following games:team fortess 2, halo(multiplayer) or any kind of co-op vs games"
,Recommended,209080,15121763,"Posted: 30 March, 2015",all,Risky Business,Great fun if you play it with the right people. There is very little content but still very entertaining.
,Recommended,209080,8625621,"Posted: 8 January, 2014",all,[LYF]Bobbossa,"You get to fly around in steam punk airships with your friends destroying other steam punk airships, what part of this is causing you problems with the purchase?"
,Recommended,209080,11385359,"Posted: 23 July, 2014",all,R8 | Killer45890{RPG} ✪,"Be on a ship and kill stuff level up and be the best piolit, gunner, or engineer or something like that. You can make a ship Badass and you can play with friends. Get more ships it is really fun."
76561198111892548,Recommended,209080,18629248,"Posted: 22 October, 2015",all,Dembo,"Game's so good that I thought I'll write review about it:Bought it 'cause of steam sale.Thought: Come on it's only 3 euros, won't cry if its bad...Best three freaking euros spent in my life. Damnit, I would buy this game for 30 :DRight now I have about 10 friends playing with me from time to time laughing our asses of and just enjoying this simple masterpiece.+ unique concept+ complex teamplay+ tons of loadouts and strategies+ games looks quite decent and has low requirements+ AWESOME community+ great developers team+ lots of in-game events like ""figt the devs""++++ allmost everything you can buy in a shop you'll get for lvling your classesAnd you fly on freaking steampunk ships pounding others with big guns, come on - how awesome is that!-  there are times when you get potato teammates leaving game after 5 seconds or exploring clouds instead of fighting... or doing anything helpfull >_<Still, a great game. Trust me, buy it."
76561197999481495,Recommended,209080,11867459,"Posted: 25 August, 2014",all,Deth MoNkEy,"Airships, tight co op play.  Steampunk.  whats not to like?  The online community has been friendly and helpful.  And they quote Monty Python.Did I mention the maps are huge and gourgeous?  I just did."
,Recommended,209080,11869460,"Posted: 25 August, 2014",all,Foxum,Great game!
,Recommended,209080,20768740,"Posted: 26 January, 2016",all,SHiNY,"Who doesn't dream of piloting their own vessel out on the high seas? This game takes an interesting spin on the theme of pirates and dares to tread into the realm of a more steampunk style while keeping the fun and exhilerating ship on ship combat that we'd all expect. The game really encourages teamwork, with the team that synergises the best almost always coming out on top (Which is the reason why I suggest playing with friends).Some of the weapons are a little bit more overpowered than others when in the right hands for example The Dragon Tongue (flamethrower) will just tear up your ship and leave you completely vulnerable until the fires are extinguished. If you do use this weapon... Please have mercyThat said. The game has no major bugs or issues that I've seen or even cared to notice and it's not pay to win, nothing important is locked behind a pay wall; just a level barrier which is just an excuse to play it more in my opinion. So don't hesitate to give it a try. It was worth every penny.P.S. The ships fly"
76561198138792102,Recommended,209080,23148835,"Posted: 22 May, 2016",all,Hellion,"Really fun game, with a great art style. I love it! The gameplay is really fun too, but the bot AI is a little wonky. Other than that, awesome game!"
76561198038905173,Recommended,209080,23126517,"Posted: 21 May, 2016",all,Lankybird,"Good game. Very fun play style and plenty to grow on. The game community is not very big and match making can be hard. They should Kick Start a second game and expand on this idea. As is though fun, worth the $10."
76561198144777112,Recommended,209080,23142821,"Posted: 22 May, 2016",all,Birdhousefour,One of my favorite games of all time!  I recomend this to anyone who is a lover of steampunk!
,Recommended,209080,7380625,"Posted: 13 October, 2013",all,Smiruk,Nice little game about those armed zeppelins.
76561198073017938,Recommended,209080,12289008,"Posted: 29 September, 2014",all,Jakikok,its pretty fun! and the best thing is to find a good crew to fight with good luck!!!
76561198021616941,Recommended,209080,14597792,"Posted: 22 February, 2015",all,Exaurdon,"Guns of Icarus has turned out to be one of my favorite games. The game has a great setting (steampunk and flying). Gameplay is really focused on teamwork, skill, and strategy. Everyone is on a level playing field. Your 'level' doesn't affect gameplay, a lvl 1 and a lvl 45 character are eually effective (aside from all the practice that the lvl 45 has...). Games are generally quick (~10-15 mins).The in-game store sells ONLY vanity items.Finally, the game is FUN!"
,Recommended,209080,9438675,"Posted: 12 March, 2014",all,Steelbolas,Plenty of fun if you've got friends who play. Not so much without.
76561198034821932,Recommended,209080,8067458,"Posted: 16 December, 2013",all,IgnatzCat,The description of this game should be enough of a review in itself.  How many dystopian steampunk airship battle simulators have you played this week?  Get it.  It's super fun and the community of players is one of the nicest around.Bonus:  Super dedicated development team who continue to raise the bar for all other indie teams out there.Wonderful game which I go back to often enough to consider it worth my time to write this review.Also: they have hats.
76561198077811980,Recommended,209080,8240453,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,Fl1ntay,"Amazing, so fun to play with friends."
,Recommended,209080,28087426,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,Gh0ST,"Great setting, scenery, gameplay, and great soundtrack. The community is very open and friendly, showing no signs of toxic players from all the server regions (EU, SEA, etc.). Despite this, it is, if I may say, underrated. Sometimes, it may take too long to load in certain regions due to few players. Be that as it may, it is one of the best games I have ever played."
,Recommended,209080,21204594,"Posted: 14 February, 2016",all,Joe,Simple but Fantastic~
76561198062242874,Recommended,209080,10251266,"Posted: 27 May, 2014",all,Metroid,fuvkin good
,Recommended,209080,10237856,"Posted: 25 May, 2014",all,Useles ASS Grant,"Worth it at any price. You get no ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t here, jsut a 1GB download and tons of fun awaits, win or lose. Fly your ship: be an engineer:be a gunner. You can get good enough to do all 3 if you want! Much like counterstrike, ranks or unlockables do not give you an advantage over the enemy, rather you get skins, ships, and a bunch of cosmetic perks. If you're looking for a fun, cheap and easy to run game where you dont have to PAY to conquer the skies, then this one's for you. Now get to the ship and swab muh poopdeck xDD"
,Recommended,209080,12858289,"Posted: 9 November, 2014",all,me love donuts,a very fun game that needs team work
,Recommended,209080,6535044,"Posted: 6 May, 2013",all,FoZ [富山],"لعبة سفن طائرة ,كل فريق يتكون من 3 سفن وكل سفينة تتكون من 4 لاعبين , الخرائط جدا كبيرة ,يوجد 3 كلاسات1- القبطان الي يسوق السفينة2- المهندس الي يصلح الأشياء الي تخرب3- المدفعجي الي يطلق على سفن الأعداءالعبة جدااااا ممتعة انصح فيها وبقوة"
,Recommended,209080,9556138,"Posted: 18 March, 2014",all,JPMRocks,"This game is great! The gameplay is smooth, and the mechanics are fun! This game deserves a much larger player base. This is the game to get to play with friends, or if you just want duke it out, steampunk airship style!Adding: I have put a alot more time into this game, and have learned a lot more. This game is heavily team based, whether it be your crew or elsewise. If you love that kind of game, 10/10 reccomend.Adding more: The newest update which added VIP makes the game feel like its 2014 again, with all the fresh faces and strats around. I'm not a fan of VIP, but the game has come so far since when i picked it up long ago."
,Recommended,209080,10385335,"Posted: 7 June, 2014",all,2ft7 Ninja,GODAMIT THIS GAME IS SO GOOD
76561198041073655,Recommended,209080,27529333,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,(ノಠ益ಠ)ノ彡┻━┻,"This game is probably the most cooperative game you'll ever play. Features are deep and they will feed on your time like a bloodthirst vampire (not the gay type). The community is rich and really helpful. If you like the type of combat you will have enought time to forget all about the concept of time, thirst, social life, responsabilities... I enjoyed it, can you tell?"
76561198109898958,Recommended,209080,13794409,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,Rex29,Before playing this you must ask your self. Do you like working with people? Do you like shotting airships while on an airship? Do you hate pay to win games? Do you like customization? Are you willing to give up your favorite class for the sack  of the team? If you said yes to all of these then buy it. 10/10 Best multiplayer game I know of.
76561198117036464,Recommended,209080,10176632,"Posted: 20 May, 2014",all,WASD,yes come play and be butt priates
,Recommended,209080,10062583,"Posted: 9 May, 2014",all,SacredPotato,Guns of Icarus Online is a great game in which you and your crew members try to keep an airship afloat while trying to destroy enemy ships.The game has some buggy glitchiness but I hope it'll get fixed :)One of the problems in the game is sometimes you have to wait a long time in the lobby for players.And the people should be forced to do the tutorials because there are some people who do not know what they are doing.The game has some optimization issues like when you get in a cloud...those particles make your PC lag hard.In conclusion:GoI is a great teamwork-based game.There are a few problems in the game but you enjoy the game so much you hardly notice those problems/glitches.The game is totally worth buying.In overall my score is 8.5/10
76561198012587379,Recommended,209080,10460082,"Posted: 13 June, 2014",all,Norrec,"If you got four friends, this game is the absolute bomb. It will test your comunication, teamwork, and you reflexes. if, though, you cannot muster up three friends and either be in the same room or use software like Mumble or teamspeak, you WILL likely get frustrated and have issues with this game, this a team game whos main test is that of comunication. If you cannot talk to each other, you will die. Now the game does have a voice chat system and it works decently, so you can commune with your friends with its voice chat system. On a side note, KNOW YOUR DIRECTIONS, cannot stress this enough. things will get frantic in the game, so knowing port, starboard, bow and stern (or at least the O'clock positions) will mean the difference between being wreackage on the desert sands or overseeing the enemy ship crashing to said sands."
,Recommended,209080,10466443,"Posted: 13 June, 2014",all,scoombag of Wysteria,FLY MOTHERF*CKERS FLY!
76561198061540815,Recommended,209080,11701436,"Posted: 14 August, 2014",all,TheJimmyTron420,very fun MP game...
76561198057080996,Recommended,209080,10097627,"Posted: 12 May, 2014",all,brianops1 (Selling),"this game is in my opinion ine of my alltime favorites the reason why is beacuse of its mix of alot of things i odnt know them off the top of my head but i am attached to this game very much thnk you for creating this magnificent, beautiful game."
,Recommended,209080,12834226,"Posted: 7 November, 2014",all,Floodoo,"GUNS OF ICARUS:THE ALMIGHTY AIRSHIP COMBAT SIMULATORIn Guns of Icarus (GOI) you can take the role of 3 classes: pilot, gunner and engineer all of these are pretty self explanatory and easy to get the hang of.WARNING: If you want to get this game, i strongly advise you get the 4-pack to play with friends, cause there's nothing quite like piloting your own ship with a couple of friends to help destroy the enemy!personally i LOVE the steampunk/1800's look to it, Imagine pirate simulator, but in the air.It is a game of emersion, tactical thinking, co-operation, communication and snappy decisions.I give a 8/10as graphics and some game features are annoying but apart from that it is definetly worth your cash!"
,Recommended,209080,10173633,"Posted: 19 May, 2014",all,Azul,I smack an engine with a rubber-mallet and it fixes itself. 11 out of possible 5. Would Grump again.
,Recommended,209080,16472666,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,AgeCo,Chaotic and very funGet your friends to play
,Recommended,209080,16075642,"Posted: 30 May, 2015",all,"Heljnir, King of Cintra",flying a balloon: 7/10flying a balloon with cannons on it: 11/10
76561198053291408,Recommended,209080,16023462,"Posted: 27 May, 2015",all,Mako Heero,"ONLY 64/100 Metacritic?METACRITIC REVIEWS ARE GARBAGE!Guns of Icarus Online is proof...Over 7,000 overwhelmingly positive reviews by actual gamers who don't get paid to rate games...You must buy this game!You will not regret this purchase.And if you don't have enough money to get the game, just skip a few meals and save up money for it!"
76561198120985616,Recommended,209080,16026072,"Posted: 27 May, 2015",all,HOTPOTATOMAN361,a very good game to play with friends
76561198085888092,Recommended,209080,16488030,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,Dragonlet,Pew pew....pew pew pew pew.Boom.
,Recommended,209080,16544691,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,Iku,Ye it's pretty cool.Guns n stuff going pew pew and bang boom pow
76561198030246089,Recommended,209080,10096751,"Posted: 12 May, 2014",all,0perator 88,"Great Concept but like all purely team (deathmatch) based games finding enough players for a proper match is very hard.The irony of it all is if you compare air buccaneers to this game on metascore.  Air buccanneers came out AFTER this game, was praised for being original, and had a higher MC score. yet you find No One playing air buccaneers like you find No One playing lead and gold.This game is great though, really.  Air ships are all really cool and the game works pretty well.  I'm sure it has it's flaws but it's definetly worth getting."
76561198142555354,Recommended,209080,12796814,"Posted: 4 November, 2014",all,TitanFood,it's good
,Recommended,209080,12824649,"Posted: 6 November, 2014",all,Shinipi,Really fun air ship battle game the class are staright forward and not too complex really easy to play
,Recommended,209080,10869302,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,Autism is Kwl!,Destroyed an enemies balloon and watched them Decend into a glacier10/10
,Recommended,209080,13492112,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,Vox Lunae,"Really fun team based game. I love the community as well, helpful and generally non-toxic."
,Recommended,209080,13577821,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,wCu | TAKu,This game is a blast as a party game with friends on skype with a drink in your hand.Decent gameplay and tactical balance make this a win for anyone who has friends to play it.Solo experience is a bit lacking though.
76561198001670021,Recommended,209080,15078669,"Posted: 27 March, 2015",all,[404] Octo,Bloody hilarious when played drunk. 11/10
,Recommended,209080,16420861,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,Dio Kizu,"Guns of Icarus is a SUPER fun and addicting game! It has decent graphics, easy to run, amazing commuinty too! People will just chat before a game starts and (usually) there are no hard feelings between ships or crewmates! Once you find a clan or start one it gets even better! People seem to always help newbies out (which is amazing because not many games are like that anymore) plus the game has a system where it seperates the noobs from the more advanced players! All in all its an amazing game and so worth the money.EDIT: So my review is a little dated. The community on this game is small so that sometimes leads to unbalanced matches. However if you get into a match thats unbalanced if you just exit out wait like 2 minutes then retry you probably wont get into it again. I love this game because of the amount of teamwork you must have to win. Super pumped for the DLC coming out!"
76561198016985638,Recommended,209080,8123029,"Posted: 19 December, 2013",all,Trilogy,just one of the amazing games i've played with cooperating and shooting so much fun! :D
76561198134615658,Recommended,209080,23432361,"Posted: 7 June, 2016",all,500destinies,"Summary:What is it that makes this game so special? Sometimes I ask myself why I can lose myself in a game with actually very little content, very little customization, and non-groundbreaking gameplay. It's simple, really. Community.Pros:1. Runs on almost anything at high graphics.2. Welcoming community3. Kind developers4. Easy to learn yet competitiveCons:1. Graphics are a little outdated compared to newer titles2. Advancement in the game is painfully slow with little reward for hours of playtime3. Some ships and weapons feel unbalanced4. Small playerbase5. Insanely long que timesComponents:Graphics - 6Sound - 7Gameplay - 4Community - 10Development - 8Full Review:Steampunk is my guilty pleasure, so I won't lie, I loved the asthetic of this game from hour one. I felt like a real part of a crew, with experienced captains micro-managing my job and showing me the ropes. I was quickly hooked.What really blew my mind was the atmosphere of community. Part of this might be from the casual nature of the game -- it has no ranked or competitive mode and a VERY slowly scaling level system for each class. Most players are long-time high-level characters who just play the game because it is fun for them. This creates a refreshing atmosphere where a new player can be taught the ropes and old players make friends over the in-game voice system. What is really strange for me is that I've met only 4 players in 20 HOURS of gametime that were flamers. One of these players gave a long-winded speech about how terrible his captain was, and kind players simply told him he was stupid and left the lobby.Apart from the community, however, the gameplay becomes stale very quickly. After you've reached a certain level on each class, you run out of new ideas. Each game is the same -- load a certain ammo into a certain gun, shoot things, hit things, and steer things.Graphically, the game doesn't have too much to offer either, but for a Unity-based game, it's pretty impressive. It feels like a steamworld, but looks more minimalistic than a tripleA game. The soundscape is fairly mediocre, but I still feel a surge of happiness when I hear the title song.Conclusion:All in all, this game caters to a certain kind of person. If you want to be the best at a game or manage character sheets and beat the crap out of someone, don't play this. If you have a considerable amount of time on your hands and want a casual friend-making experience, this is the game for you."
,Recommended,209080,19851686,"Posted: 22 December, 2015",all,SixthSense,"This is an amzing game with the nicest, most helpful communtity.  It deserves more recognition than it curently has.  My experience with this game has been amazing.  Everyone helps everyone no matter what level you are."
76561197972572380,Recommended,209080,7980962,"Posted: 9 December, 2013",all,Headhanger,"I can't think of another co-operatively multiplayer game that has made me jump out of my seat and whoop for joy upon defeating an opponent.When your crew comes together and collectively out-manoeuvres, out-guns, and generally out-performs a rival crew, pummelling a hostile ship to pieces with co-ordinated effort and avoiding the worst that the enemy can throw back at you...The feeling you experience at that moment is what draws you back into the skies.I have piloted my ship through a passing cloud, hiding in ambush as an enemy ship approaches unawares. With a heavy carronade I have harried opponent engineers, pressuring them to keep their balloon functional as the rest of their dirigible degrades around them. And with swift reactions I have wrestled the fate of my ship and crew from the enemy's hands by repairing, maintaining, and empowering onboard systems and weapons to deny victory to my opponents.Gather a crew and take to the skies! You won't regret it."
,Recommended,209080,16313749,"Posted: 11 June, 2015",all,Darius Wolfe,"I first heard of this game when some friends of mine from a Let's Play community decided to do an Event in this game. I picked up the 4-pack on sale, and tried the tutorials.I'm gonna get this out of the way now. I'm sad to say it, but the tutorials are not very good at all. You get a really, really basic idea of the game, if you're paying close attention, but not really enough to be even basically competent. It took some good friends and a lot of trial and error to be even a little useful.That said... This game is pretty damned great. It's a 4-player co-op, but it's nothing like spiritual cousins like Left 4 Dead, though you probably didn't expect it to be... because, you know, airships. Where the tutorials are slow, the game is really, really fast paced once you get into it. I strongly, strongly recommend you get a mic, and USE IT. You'll need to be able to communicate well with your crew, and almost as importantly with the other ship(s) on your team. One really competent crew can survive an awful lot and dish out a lot of damage, but they'll need to be cross-talking constantly, making sure everyone is on the same page, and the game is too fast paced for the text chat to be very useful for this. The built-in voice-chat is pretty good, though I think it likely that many players will use a dedicated voice chat client.The three roles are very different, though there is some overlap. Anyone, no matter their role, can do any job, but your role will give you more tools that will help you to do your job better. You gain experience while playing and level up, but the levels mostly designate your experience, though they do unlock cosmetic options, tools and eventually more ships.Anyway, if you're a fan of co-op competitive games, and you're looking for something a little different, this game is excellent, and definitely worth a look."
76561198141226325,Recommended,209080,17904984,"Posted: 5 September, 2015",all,Draconianmage,Fun if you have a group to play with
76561198001034628,Recommended,209080,7749805,"Posted: 25 November, 2013",all,Dalrius,"Fantastic Game.Team based Air shooter in a steampunk world!. You're on an airship; are you the tactical pilot, the dauntless gunner or a roughneck engineer? All have to come together to make sure you blow the enemy away while keeping your ship in the air!"
,Recommended,209080,2148879,"Posted: 7 March, 2013",all,Clarkeh,Definitely a fanastic little indie game. if your into team based ship to ship fighting this is for you!
76561198028574764,Recommended,209080,3885761,"Posted: 31 October, 2012",all,GortKill,This game is a blast and at a good price point
,Recommended,209080,5311712,"Posted: 17 September, 2013",all,Good Drink,Up! Down! Flying around! Looping the loop and defying the ground!
,Recommended,209080,4991208,"Posted: 23 May, 2013",all,NLcornelis,"It's amazing.seriously, go buy it.It's amazing."
76561198037902278,Recommended,209080,4484881,"Posted: 6 September, 2013",all,SALTIER THAN YOUR MUM'S LIPS,"Being someone who is terrible at games like FPSes, which seem to make up the majority of people's games these days, I have always been looking for something new. After finding this indie marvel, I am completely ADDICTED to Guns of Icarus Online.The flawlessly turning cogs, the beautiful sound of steam in highly detailed machinery, the immense feel of achievement from working with a team to control a giant metal airship, and destroying others with the finest weapons from the four corners of the world.Whether it's a continues stream of hellfire from a long-range flamethrower, the adrenaline-surging Heavy Hwacha with its fast and furious stream of explosives, landing mercilessly on an enemy ship and wrecking it like a hammer against glass, or le surprise buttesecks from a high power sniper cannon, you can be sure of a damn good time for you, and a nightmare for the recipients of your destruction. As long as you're on the winning team, of course. But don't worry about losing too much, because even if you do, your fellow (and rival) captains have the option to give you a 'Commendation' as a mute way of saying 'You did well.' There is a minor levelling system that makes it easy to distinguish the more experienced players from the less experienced, as you level up with the number of class-related achievements you get.The community in Guns of Icarus Online is mostly a mature, welcoming one that will not only tell you where you went wrong in a match but also recommending improvements and resisting the urge to brag. The developers of Guns of Icarus Online are always online with their unmistakable green name and easy-going attitude, answering as many questions as they can in the relatively easy-going main chat, and occasionally host 'Dev Matches' where you can compete against them for a free in-game customisation item. It is in ways like this they show how they genuinely care about their customers. Something that is unfortunately missing in many modern game studios.In summary, if you have a passion for all things Steampunk, want a brilliant community with a caring company behind it and enjoy destroying giant metal birds, climb aboard the Icarus and together we'll sail for a brave new world."
,Recommended,209080,5621487,"Posted: 29 September, 2013",all,Crook Brother 4,"Imagine a stereotypical mediocre first person shoter. Now you're on a crew of four on a ship. Each crew member has one of three jobs: shoot everything not flying your colors, keep your ship in one piece (preferably without any flames), or try to steer the damn thing. Each team consists of either two or three ships; you have to work together to get anywhere. Great player community, awesome developement team...Kinda cool, right?Now it's steampunk.You're on an airship.I don't know about you, but I instantly fell in love."
,Recommended,209080,5631243,"Posted: 22 October, 2012",all,Creamy Memey,Fun!
,Recommended,209080,3791928,"Posted: 13 May, 2013",all,rivaldragon,If you like steampunk or just airshippbattles then this game is awsome :3
,Recommended,209080,771919,"Posted: 22 July, 2013",all,Binya™,"Whenever I feel like deleting friends I invite them to play this game with me. Also if anything happens to our ship it is automatically not my fault, especially when I am the pilot. Hit a mountain? Stupid gunner didn't tell me anything. Shot from the side? Engineer sucks."
,Recommended,209080,7354789,"Posted: 10 October, 2013",all,Bedmonster,THIS GAME IS SO MUCH FUN. They are also building an MMOish version of this at the writing of this recommendation. 4 man crews. Lots of fun to get a 4 man team together with your friends and coordinate a crew! One of my all time favorites.
,Recommended,209080,7789886,"Posted: 27 November, 2013",all,Imellstorm,Good game
,Recommended,209080,17883760,"Posted: 4 September, 2015",all,Minasnoldo,"This game can have you singing pirate shantie while jumping off an airship at 2 AM with flak exploding around you like fireworks.If that sounds remotely fun, you should buy this game."
,Recommended,209080,27745665,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Brutus the Baboon,"This game either needs 1.) More games like this to compete with, or 2.) More people interested in this type of game. The teamwork is vital, the gameplay is exciting. All it needs is more fleshing out, more features, meaningful customization, more ships. Maybe even more gameplay mechanics. I just wish this kind of game was a bigger genre.Anyways, I am definitely recommending. Two thumbs up. I hope people learn to like these games more than they do.9/10"
,Recommended,209080,27813875,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Beryos,"After emerging from a bigass sand cloud, I found myself, as the pilot, right next to two enemy Galleons (the game's slowest, most heavily armed ship) with my squeaky little Squid (the game's fastest, most fragile ship).With a heroic warcry joined by my whole crew, we chared the♥♥♥♥♥♥out of them, only to be blown into microdust within 3 seconds.10/10, would charge again."
76561198105682097,Recommended,209080,25456025,"Posted: 10 September, 2016",all,Passdog,I dont think I have ever played a game for so many hours for so long or even found a game with an equivelant community. this is probule one of the best games ive played/seen. Never the less to stray from the praze I realy enjoy this game and would highly recomend it to anyone who enjoys team based games were you fly through hell with your crew of four alie ship beside guns blazing.
76561198121902904,Recommended,209080,24222861,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,erick2004ever,"I Love this GameDay one Captains Log:I Captain sedramo have purchased this Wonderful Pyramidian the Jolly Hog (I Love Her). had her decorated with colorful flags, slapped a pirate symbol on the balloon, and placed a cake on the engine.Day two:I have found a bunch of functional drunks to crew her decks. and we set sail.Day three:We have set sail and met with a junker. myself and the captain on the Junker partnered up.  he needed me to escort him and his cargo, the captain of the junker and his crew were wanted men. (this will be fun)Day 12:We almost made it to our destination, damn these fools. We have had a few engagements with raiders and bounty hunters. My crew is incompetent, and because of their idiocracy the balloon was damaged and we had to land and make repairs.Day 13:Slap some duck tape and patches on the balloon and we set sail and made our way to our destination.Day 14:WE made it by the skin of our teeth. I have immediately fired those stupid engineers and kept my Gunner we have become friends. the captain of the junker paid us well. I hired new TRAINED engineers and upgrade the weapons. and we found another job....End Log: WE ARE UNSTOPpABLE"
,Recommended,209080,21752697,"Posted: 10 March, 2016",all,Boolus,Screaming at your teammates has never been this fun
76561198028178385,Recommended,209080,23331690,"Posted: 1 June, 2016",all,Faeladi,"i bought this game 2 days ago because it was on sale. it has a very nice concept and the graphics and gameplay pretty good, making it addictive. The only downside there is, there are no many people playing this game and as a result the waiting time to find a match can be pretty long (3-7 min).I totally recommend this game especially for 3,99 that it cost when i bought it!"
76561198108156401,Recommended,209080,19439256,"Posted: 2 December, 2015",all,Teho,This is a fantastic game once you learn how to play!
76561198082777771,Recommended,209080,20134611,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,Solly,Like steampunk? Buy this game.Like team-coordinated gameplay? Buy this game.Like firing cannons? Buy this game.Like blowing stuff up? Buy this game.Like feeling like a steampunk pirate? Buy this game.Highly reccomended!
,Recommended,209080,20069847,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,Ivory,"I can't tell if this game is gonna like everybody as it's pretty different from the usual ones, but this was my case. I enjoyed every hour of gameplay, and from my point of view it's not only its fighting and tense scenerarios, it's more about how good and pretty the game scenarios are made. I enjoy even more being apart and far away from the action because of it's beauty and well designed boats.The good: Scenarios,; epic battles; The difficult is pretty well made as you are the one who gets better, not your player; and how well rewarded the teamwork and communication isThe bad: Little content(it's just an inde game), little community of players(I personally like that because of how good it is, people who play this game are really kind)Even though it doesn't attract you I highly recommend this game to everybody who likes teamwork and enjoys a little bit of action and relaxing scenarios. Just a deep breath from normal games who just look for individal archievements."
76561198147304817,Recommended,209080,22026237,"Posted: 24 March, 2016",all,BoosterNRG,heavy whacka ftw
76561198059235131,Recommended,209080,25249242,"Posted: 30 August, 2016",all,Clubs,Guns of Icarus is a ton of fun with frends or online. The ships all look good and the game runs smooth.the bigest issue is the small but detticated playerbase needing more fans. I certenly recomend the game to lovers of the sky
,Recommended,209080,23897260,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,MrBenny,"Despite being an indie game, which is not a bad thing btw, this game was really promising and when I finally got it, it sure was worth it. For the little times that I already played, it was actually a lot of fun, including a time where I got a russian captain screaming at me for not shooting the guns. I can imagine this game is a lot of fun to play with friends.The only negative thing about this game is how many people play it. Very few people. Around 150-250 people basically.So be a sweetie and get this game."
76561197993506812,Recommended,209080,24509756,"Posted: 24 July, 2016",all,General Braddock,Great first person crew based combat game! Pew pew!
,Recommended,209080,10396812,"Posted: 8 June, 2014",all,rh27un,EVERYTHING IS ON FIRE OH GOD WHY DID I CHOOSE TO BE AN ENGINEER10/10
76561198060023326,Recommended,209080,25694559,"Posted: 25 September, 2016",all,Blizard,Very stratigic game and you need the full coarporation of your team mates to win. (Don't get idiots aboard)
76561198150995775,Recommended,209080,21959798,"Posted: 20 March, 2016",all,C  C,"I really want to recommended this game, you will never worry about nobody played this game. It is very interesting and one of the best steam punk game ever! Very exciting!Graphic is good. You can even fell the cloud, fog and wind by the environment. That game has paid a lot of attention on the details, every thing from the bloon in ship to the decorate in clothes with the steampunk style.For the audio, there have a very good back ground music, just like steampunk, gommy but hopeful. The voices of charcator also suprised me, except the genders, there has not only some ENG pronounce with different tone, but also Japanese and Russian.It has a very unique game play. I never seen or thought that kind of game have Mutiplay, it need too much teamwork, sure it does. There has three charactors, it is easy to start it, you might think that just few buttons problem, NO, it is much complicated, you will never win a game like that. All members are human, each person in the crew need to do they part or even the others' part. As a captain you need to run the whole ship as one, mostly that job taken by the polit, but it is much more than that. You need really become a leader, your leadership is very important, you can't fire a machine gun with your polit skills, who will? your crew will, as a captain you need both polit skills and leadership to lead a ship or a fleet.Those are just few of the most interesting part of this game, there has much more you will enjoy."
,Recommended,209080,23803015,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,.Flygplanya.,:)
76561198045361228,Recommended,209080,29759887,Posted: 7 February,all,Gekkenator,"Love this game!!especially fun when you make a crew of friends and wreak havock on opposing ships!!wonderful fun and steampunk, what could be better"
,Recommended,209080,14772869,"Posted: 7 March, 2015",all,2KI,"You battle through the skies in a stunning post-apocalyptic, steampunk setting on flying warships...Just by reading this I'd have bought the game but if you're still not sure you can watch the in-game graphic trailer too, and buy the game.Still not sure? Read the review and then buy the game.Guns of Icarus Online is an online team skybattle game with the emphasys on team work.You can play either deathmatch or capture point modes on 6 completely different ships with a 4-man crew in 2v2, 3v3, 4v4 team matches. Teamwork is extremely important but since the actualy work is pretty straightforward you don't feel burdened.Since you can choose the guns you're going to use on your ship there are a lot of really interesting and often crazy combinations you can try with endless results possible. Not to mention a lot of vanity items being either sold for a small price or freely distributed to players playing certain matches, along with steam workshop support.One of the things I found extremely intriguing of this game is that bullets have realistic recoil, drop, etc based on their weight, rotation, shape, etc. This makes gunner's job extremely interesting because with different guns you'll have to aim in completely different ways to hit your targets.The same goes for ships, you have mass, aceleration, max speed (simulating air friction) and mostly because of this flying a ship is EXTREMELY fun, not to mention strategies and combat tactics.What about the last class remaining, engineers, don't they have fun? Yeah they do, putting off fires,trying to repair parts faster than enemy gunners damage they take, etc.Gameplay aside you have extremely well designed graphic, all post-apocalyptic steampunk flavoured with stunning light effects (which you get to enjoy the most, flying in the skies). Not to mention the music, just a few themes but perfectly fitting the environment. Probably not 10/10 is the sound effect compartment, but still not below 9/10.Also, the game uses the Unity3D game engine, which means that it virtually supports any known to man device, and the devs did a good job on that so the game works (with cross platform internet play) on MS Windows, Mac OSX, Linux, PlayStation3, ...This game has (always had) just one big issue, since it's a niche game (actually almost the only of its kind) there are really few players connected at the same time around the world (200~500), still I have to say I never failed to play a match within at most a bunch of minutes from when I started searching for it.So, well, extremely suggested for everyone: you like chess play and such, go piloting your ship; you like to burst things down with huge cannons, go gunner; you don't like chess play and you're really bad at aiming, go engineer, and keep your crew alive."
,Recommended,209080,11708258,"Posted: 14 August, 2014",all,Ramsis,"Major props, phenominal game right here! Team based steampunk-esc airship fights you have to crew. Why it has such a small fanbase is beyond me. A blast with a group of friends!(litterally... if your dirigible asplodes)"
76561198094700984,Recommended,209080,16045532,"Posted: 28 May, 2015",all,Tsuki,My team and i crashed into an ocean and we all drowned...120/12
76561198073082705,Recommended,209080,16635381,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,meep,Me: YOU IDIOT GET BACK ONTO THE GUNSGunner: I CANT THE GUNS ARE ON ♥♥♥♥ING FIREMe: PUT THEM OUTGunner: THATS THE ♥♥♥♥ING ENGI's JOBHull suddenly bursts into flame. Engines suddenly bursts into flame. Balloon suddenly bursts into flame.Allahu Akbar.
,Recommended,209080,11719349,"Posted: 15 August, 2014",all,Lugaw Nazar,"It has been my dream to play a game about flying an airship.This game made my dream come true.We all have different tastes in games, but for me this game is not for everyone.Most people would find the gameplay boring, others would enjoy it.I recommend this game as I have enjoyed being a pilot and being able to command my crew.Whenever this game goes on sale, don't hesistate in buying it.I really can't say much about this game but maybe my gameplay footage can:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2kkxiK5o7zY"
,Recommended,209080,13225892,"Posted: 4 December, 2014",all,Sweet Kairi,"This game is amazing. Really gets your blood pumping. Great jumping into a random match, but even better when played with your own team of friends."
76561198147018939,Recommended,209080,17883041,"Posted: 4 September, 2015",all,General_Bladius,One of the best multiplayer games I've ever played. Definitely a must have!
76561197984269245,Recommended,209080,17911476,"Posted: 6 September, 2015",all,CharlieDontSurf,Wonderful multiplayer game relying on great teamwork.Dear Devs: F*** you for removing the server browser. Your game is still wonderful. I am still grateful. But I will never understand that move.
,Recommended,209080,32874688,Posted: 27 June,all,Potato | Pvpro.com,amazing
,Recommended,209080,21047963,"Posted: 8 February, 2016",all,fsy,"Do not believe metascore on this case! Guns of Icarus can be a bit overwhelming in the beginning and requires some learning for example about differences between weaponry and their effect. In many games learning curve like this could be an issue, however this game actually rewards both learning and teaching the game which is really good game design choice. Especially the older members in the community are  helpful and ready to show how to play. Knowing some english is required because of the playerbase."
,Recommended,209080,13014896,"Posted: 20 November, 2014",all,The_Black_Night,"amazing game! great graphics fun, and exciteing!"
,Recommended,209080,13022394,"Posted: 20 November, 2014",all,Brotaro Brojo,"I love the concept of this game, but it does have a lag problem that needs to be addressed. It's a fun game if you have a super computer to handle the lagging."
76561198057919602,Recommended,209080,22874624,"Posted: 8 May, 2016",all,Sock_Brain,More team work that Team fortress 2 or CSGO ( fight me) set in a beautiful steampunk environment. What really makes this game is the fantastic community.
76561198084027037,Recommended,209080,7752540,"Posted: 25 November, 2013",all,HappyDoom,"Small or big air battles, team work, blowing stuff out of the sky. What more can one wish for?The community is not that big, but it's very helpful and friendly. And the devs too; they listen to gamers' feedback and act on it.Top marks from me."
,Recommended,209080,13023995,"Posted: 20 November, 2014",all,Illegal Spinner Tricks,It's a silly pirate game that I play after work.
,Recommended,209080,13100391,"Posted: 26 November, 2014",all,Maxi,"Just amazing...And i don't even like online games.The people playing this game are awesome, and it's fun with, or without friends to play with.The only thing is, that it's a bit better with a microphone."
76561198087368567,Recommended,209080,21179103,"Posted: 13 February, 2016",all,Asstronaut,Playable even with♥♥♥♥♥♥ping. 11/10
,Recommended,209080,21549945,"Posted: 29 February, 2016",all,Σnvy,"Hardly you will find some comrades to play with, but when you find it will be fun.Or just get some friends."
,Recommended,209080,20489545,"Posted: 12 January, 2016",all,Dozy,"Definitely worth the purchase if you have 3 friends to play it with. I also enjoy playing with randoms, but that could negatively effect your experience.As a healer from MMO's, it felt natural to fit into the Engineer category, and I have enjoyed playing it since.  The community seems to be pretty nice, and even if you are only together for a game to two, they make conversation and have a good time."
,Recommended,209080,13538360,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,Squishy,This Is A Great Game If You Need To Blame Some Random Person On The Internet For Screwing Up.Also You Can Crash Into Buildings.9/11P.S. - It Is All ♥♥♥♥♥ And Giggles Until Someone Giggles And ♥♥♥♥♥.
,Recommended,209080,10184045,"Posted: 20 May, 2014",all,Punished Simba,It's hella dankten outta tenwould buy
,Recommended,209080,5718759,"Posted: 10 January, 2013",all,Scin,"Amazing Game, Amazing community, get your friends and have an amazing time with this... this... Artwork."
76561198037827298,Recommended,209080,8312618,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,Rémulus,Just amazing ! I'm in love it !
76561198027465920,Recommended,209080,8724973,"Posted: 15 January, 2014",all,Gobu,Very good game. Really fun with friends or a group.
,Recommended,209080,16863173,"Posted: 3 July, 2015",all,CrashMan054,"This is a game. About pirate ships. That fly. And have large missile launchers, flamethrowers and a large assortment of other weapons. And you can shoot those. At other flying pirate ships. If that doesn't sound good to you, you clearly had no childhood.The idea of this game is to use your ariship to shoot down other airships. The core concept is very simple, and doesn't require Counter-Strike levels of aiming skill. However, don't let that fool you into thinking this game requires no skill. You still need to coordinate and compensate for movement on guns. The guns aren't hitscan like CS, which means you must compensate for projectile movement and lead your targets.There are 3 different roles:Pilot: Pilots the ship. Duh. Has several abilities to change ship functions, such as adding speed. Most of these damage some ship component.Engineer: Fixes anything that breaks/explodes. Can use fire extinguishers, and wield more than one repair tool. You can have 3 at one time, allowing you to adapt your fixing method depending on how many parts have exploded/lit on fire.Gunner: Holds different types of ammo that allows him to adapt to different situations. Need more fire? Got it. Need faster bullets? Sure!Each of these roles must work together in a crew of four to destroy enemy ships. The built in voice chat is excellent, providing you a great way to work together with teammates. If you don't have a mic, don't play this game. You won't enjoy it. The teamwork itself is quite satisfying(10 DEGREES TO PORT, CAPN! GET THAT HULL BACK UP, ENGIE!), and this is the part of the game that I enjoy the most. The multiplayer has a commendation system built in, as well as a report system. Most of the community is very friendly, and the salty ones get weeded out quickly.As for the variety, everything is unlocked from the start, meaning you can use every ship in the game(provided you're willing to get wrecked your first few games with large ships). Every gun on these ships is replaceable, allowing you to create your own loadouts suited for every situation. Sniper? Sure. Close range bruiser? You got it. Each crew member has a custom loadout that can be edited from the start as well.New to the game? Don't worry, there's a specific section of muiltiplayer dedicated to level 10 or below players. This limits the ships you can use to some simpler ones to get you used to the game. If you like, you can skip right into regular matchmaking.I highly recommend this game. The devs are great and still provide quality updates. I have no clue why people say this game is dead, there are 3K plus players online at any time. Filling lobbies is easy, getting everyone to ready up is the hard part. :P"
76561198008053162,Recommended,209080,22095253,"Posted: 27 March, 2016",all,Maxattax,Fantastic game for LAN parties. Screaming at your partners to douse the fires is much more fulfilling in person.
,Recommended,209080,14409771,"Posted: 9 February, 2015",all,Dead_Inside,"okay so i get on a 3 v 3 party, and my crew's captain spills coffee on their lap and is absolutely raving mad in the voice chat. so when we get in the game an enemy ship approaches, so captain over here just spins us in circles screaming ""KILL THEM KILL THEM DO IT"" so after this nonsense we finally got a few guns on their ship, and then he just rams into them head on, destroying us both. after the match ended, i found out that the enemy captain had spilt tea on his lap at the same time our captain spilt coffee on his. needless to say they screamed and ranted at eachother for quite a while."
,Recommended,209080,21248499,"Posted: 16 February, 2016",all,JamesKojiro,"10$? Pfft, I'd pay 60 without a worry. What a fantastic team-based game. 9.75/10 my favorite Indy game of all time."
,Recommended,209080,12276209,"Posted: 28 September, 2014",all,Skymyst,"Guns of Icarus Online is what defines Co-Op games all together.It emphasises teamwork and cooperation to the degree where it is unplayable without.The game sports a funky steampunk era, with lovely looking airships and using the Unity engine it ultilizes some pretty nifty physics simulation. The three classes (Gunner, Engineer and Pilot) speak for themselves and are in my opinion all equally as fun to play.Gameplay wise this game is a masterpiece. The smokes, flames and (possibly) screaming that emits from the ship as it catches fire, the engineers desperately try to put it out, and the sinking feeling when the ship goes nose-down towards the ground when your balloon has suffered heavy damage... It's all done right, and it all feels right.My only complaint I have with Guns of Icarus Online is that the game suffers from a very small playerbase. Which is a problem for a game that heavily relies on teamwork and communication.Despite this, I do recommend this game, especially if you have friends that are willing to play.I have had so many rememberable moments in this game that I will never forget."
,Not Recommended,209080,16802898,"Posted: 29 June, 2015",all,calibrojosh10,"What I liked:Steam ships blowing upNice fun weapons to shotFeeling like boss crew at timesThe idea of a game like thisWhat You Need to Know:Wrench banging simulatorStrategy is barebonesDoes have cosmetics to support developerOnce your ship gets damaged it spirals down fast till you die ( or you just repair and they damage and repeat)Since you fly, maps are basically all the same, with a dust storm and sand on the groundMy Score:CPaid: $3Main Reason for dislike: Gameplay loop got boring quickSimilar Games that might be better:Airships: Conquer the Skies"
,Recommended,209080,14279828,"Posted: 1 February, 2015",all,Manderville Man,1/10 - Hades wasn't taunting me as I failed
,Not Recommended,209080,25317313,"Posted: 2 September, 2016",all,FullBitGamer,"Could be a fun game if the multiplayer wasn't dead.EDIT: So after a dev response, I feel it is warranted to provide some more context to my initial review.The game itself as a whole is very good, It is a fun game, and the mechanics are solid.I am leaving the review negative for the simple fact that the multiplayer, a core feature of this game (hint hint it is called Guns of Icarus: ONLINE) is just not there. I would love to be able to enjoy it but in scope there are other games with much more active communities available.I do not regret buying the games and supporting a dev who makes great games and encourgae more people to purchase it and become active members. I just wish I didn't have to schedule playtimes with a group of people just to enjoy it. Maybe one day this game will go the way of TF2 and Evolve and produce a free variant with shared servers something to draw in a larger player base, until then it sits on my virtual shelf coollecting virtual dust, and that makes me sad."
,Recommended,209080,23649752,"Posted: 19 June, 2016",all,︻芫═── TD ︻芫═─,"Brilliant Game in every way!, if you have the right team youl be having a skyblasting time!"
76561198086304187,Recommended,209080,23660240,"Posted: 19 June, 2016",all,Lemon,pilot rammed into another ship sending it burning to the groundhe said something about ackbar9/11 would win again
,Recommended,209080,23655152,"Posted: 19 June, 2016",all,Vrexyo \m/,"Great Game, Great Visuals, Great Gameplay, Great Theme, Great Soundtrack, Great Overall! One Of The Best Games I Have Ever Played, What Sucks Though Is That There Are So Few Players, I Think People Should Give This Game A Shot. I'm A Huge Fan Of Steampunk And I Think Its So Cool! You Need Really Great Teamwork Too And It Just Makes It So Good When You Have Teammates Who Talk Alot. Muse Games Deserve More Attention And Guns Of Icarus Online Deserves More Players!"
76561198137223253,Recommended,209080,23699482,"Posted: 21 June, 2016",all,legendgamer,this is a great co-op game its best if you get a group of people in a Skype call and have some fun
76561198238596902,Recommended,209080,23693632,"Posted: 21 June, 2016",all,Shadow NOTHING.COM,Really good and funny game for even hours of playing... There´s only one minus... Game is not even so popular and population is really low.
76561198025169463,Recommended,209080,23663181,"Posted: 19 June, 2016",all,bought by blood,Final Fantasy airship dogfighting with a team of 4 people taking care of everything on your ship.Also everything on your ship is on fire.Everything.All the time.Seriously.
76561198042620134,Recommended,209080,23677649,"Posted: 20 June, 2016",all,Bob Ross,"Amazing game. Fantastic Customer support, and it's very innovative. People complain about development being slow, or the patches or whatever, but I think that's because the game is already complete."
,Recommended,209080,23665371,"Posted: 20 June, 2016",all,Edgelord Prime,Keeping it simple:The game is great. It only lacks in one department: players. It needs more players. Buy it. Make it better.
76561198134084776,Recommended,209080,16993724,"Posted: 11 July, 2015",all,Coconut Head,"Original idea, rewarding gameplay, good community, very artsy, overall yes."
,Recommended,209080,13515657,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,Kroger Brand Daniel Product,"Easily one of the greatest games of the decade.The basic idea of the game is you and three others are the crew of an airship in a steampunk-ish setting. You get together with one or two other airships, and you get into a huge fight in the skies with a different group of two or three airships. What GoIO does really well though is the teamwork part of the crew: you have three different classes - the Pilot, who flies the airship around, the Gunner, who gets on the guns and shoots at the other airships while they're flying around, and the Engineer, who runs around fixing things and yells at the pilot for letting the other airships break things in the first place.In a pinch, none of the classes are restricted to just their main roles, either, which I really like. The gunner can grab a spanner and fix his own damn gun while the engineer is busy fixing more critical things like the hull and balloon, the engineer can buff various parts of the ship to be more effective or man a gun if he's got nothing else to do, and the pilot can deal some damage by opening the throttle all the way and ramming full speed into the other guys while doing the yell from Immigrant Song in the wrong key. Embracing this versatility can sometimes be the difference between winning the match and exploding while your crew asks you never to do that again.A wide complement of ships and equipment are available. Personally, I pilot a Junker named ""Stone Temple"", and when I'm on the guns I prefer incendiary rounds, but there's enough equipment for everyone's play style. The character customization is also insanely complex, with the only downside being most of the cosmetics cost money. Fortunately, GoIO adopts a ""cosmetics-only"" cash shop, and has promised never to sell anything that would actually effect gameplay, so if you don't want to pay any more than base price to play the whole game, you're in luck.In conclusion, I'm convinced this game is a masterpiece. Easily worth $60 for some of the best multiplayer in history, and they're only selling the collector's edition for $20 base price."
,Recommended,209080,14377757,"Posted: 7 February, 2015",all,ɟoɹǝsʇ_dʍǝllǝɹ,Best piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥gamed I ever done saw.
76561198018229863,Recommended,209080,14386231,"Posted: 8 February, 2015",all,LT. Thadeu,"This is a game completely based on teamwork. If you expect to be able to do everything on your own, you are going to have a bad time. Every member aboard the ship is important, and the steampunk art style really adds well to the airship-battling scenario, where epic chases, sudden evasive maneuvers and completely out of place rammings takes place. There is a lot to understand and grow with the game and your crew, also the cosmetics in game adds a suitable layer of customization, as there are no online store for power ups or any type of advantage. Unless you feel underwhelmed by how flamboyant your adversary can be with those colors and details, matching the ship and his crew uniforms.9/10"
,Recommended,209080,11341539,"Posted: 20 July, 2014",all,BlaqRɑіи¬,This game might not seem that big at first. but if you play it you would notice that it has a strong based community. playing it with friends would make the game 10 folds better as it can be played fun and derpy or as competitive and serious.
,Recommended,209080,14386267,"Posted: 8 February, 2015",all,Nitori,"Things needed for a steampunk game.Airships, check.Guns on airship, check.PVP or PVB, check.Essential element: communication (not needed but it's what makes this game... this game)I reccomend a microphone if you want to play.I like this game, I reccomend it."
76561198118745558,Recommended,209080,10810430,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,risleyboy,A very good mmo/strategy game
76561198066953347,Recommended,209080,10223220,"Posted: 24 May, 2014",all,[Pgp]The One Man Clan,"9/10 Great GameThis game is really fun and worth getting i highly reccomend it but it could still do with a few more options of aircraft]Tags: SteamPunk, Multi Player, combat, airships"
76561198081574470,Recommended,209080,14132583,"Posted: 23 January, 2015",all,Cross  Wings,"Fun game. Love the steam punk vibe and of course the air ships.Four men to a crew. Three classes: Captain, Gunner, Engineer.Lots of ships.I recommend two engineers to a ship.Have fun!"
,Recommended,209080,9176777,"Posted: 18 February, 2014",all,throbbing cock,"This is one of the best games I've ever played, fun, tacticul, engaging. Although it may seem boring or not to your taste I found this game to be one of my favorites of all time, and all I ever do is poorly pilot a ship."
,Recommended,209080,10183563,"Posted: 20 May, 2014",all,loki5000,A very awesome game 2 play with friends and to make new ones
,Recommended,209080,16299111,"Posted: 10 June, 2015",all,CranƁarry,I saw Game Grumps play it.It seemed fun.I saw Markiplier play it.I needed it. ;-;I saw it was on sale.Sold some of my TF2 inventory to get it.Now i have a blue trench coat and repair the ship.10/10
,Recommended,209080,16302379,"Posted: 10 June, 2015",all,Pomi in the Infinity,This game has the best things you won't find in any other games- Best teamwork.- Best community.- Best Game Staff.Good luck and enjoy your ride.
,Recommended,209080,18537005,"Posted: 17 October, 2015",all,The Donald,"Very good game. I HIGHLY recommend it. The game looks very good, and the soundtrack is spectacular.Plus, if you're having a long match, you can jump off the ship and spawn back a few seconds later, which is fun.10/10 would have a 45+ minute match again."
,Recommended,209080,19319319,"Posted: 27 November, 2015",all,Hipnoteriezis,"One of the best games I've played. Good community, u can get new friends after just one match.  If u want to think of new strategys, u can go and be a capn'. If u want to smash some buttons, u go engi. If u want to shoot the hell out of someone u can go gunner. It's a game for everyone."
,Not Recommended,209080,17771926,"Posted: 29 August, 2015",all,LVBOY,"Problems:-very low playerbase (and it keeps getting smaller)-developers think that changind user interface twice in year will suddenly make game good (it will not)-aliance release was disaster (they made it very similar to ""for honor"" when there are 3 factions which arefighting each other, overally it's not a bad idea, but for game which has 90 players at peak times it's bad choice)-soundtrack as DLC (unacceptable on any game)-you level up by doing stupid achievements-noone wants to be engineer including me, which is very boring class to play"
,Recommended,209080,17209941,"Posted: 24 July, 2015",all,Blobbernog,"Ive already written one on my blog so ill just leave a link, Please Valve admin, be kindhttp://lvlupreviews.blogspot.co.uk/2015/07/guns-of-icarus-i-finally-got-arsed.html"
,Recommended,209080,14117310,"Posted: 22 January, 2015",all,Woofel,"Fantastic game with a fantastic dev team, they occasionally join games themselves and play alongside the users."
76561198156681725,Recommended,209080,29137424,Posted: 9 January,all,Vinear,"This Game of Icarus this is one of the best game of 2017 i bought the same time with DLC, i also buy those 2 to my big brother... only i can say is Multipler/ COOP, 4 Players on a Ship 1 pilot 1 gunner and 2 engineer... damn even you got ping 200 ping - 400 ping the game still rock, those players using laptop like me am using low resulotion 1020x720, all disable, to remove those lag... !!this game required Team work and using your headphone with microphone to communicate to the crew... if you have abilities to lead a group try the CAPTAIN Aka Pilot! which we take the helm and command or sometimes he ask advise to his fellow crew... No good on pilot? Right Gunner is for you will focus on shooting the Airship, No good on piloting or gunner? SO engineer is your job focus on repairing everything, and keep them working at all times, removing fire on those engine, balloon and Hull.. >:D  there lots of skill there..i still playing the Skimish mode aka PvP, if you dont feel playing those pro players why not PvE In Alliance Faction aka 5 faction to gain points for your faction to gain a land while fighting to those AI Ships,... battle for each other ...for point to conquer a land... this is the DLC the 5 faction... Chalado! for the Order!!Once again this game need team work, communication and strategy... for those starter play the tutorial hehehe >:D i give this game 9/10, some ship got glitch, for example in alliance war, boss ship just pass through us, also on those ship engine i fell while standing on a floor... this GAME is GOOD play it with your friends!!!"
,Recommended,209080,14377124,"Posted: 7 February, 2015",all,Freyja,"Steampunk, ships, sails, SHOOT THEM ALL !(and try to do something)This game is great !"
,Recommended,209080,33486301,Posted: 12 July,all,Spooky Doggo,"If you are willing to co-operate to keep an airship alive, while killing other airships, then this game is for you.My personal score: 8/10"
,Recommended,209080,25274802,"Posted: 31 August, 2016",all,AToTheJ,"This game is great. The airships are fun even to just stand on, let alone fly, shoot, and customize. The nice variety of maps are a plus, and it's incredibly satisfying to take down an enemy ship. However, the game does have one fatal flaw: it's dying. There are really never more than 200 players online at the absolute maximum, and a lot of them are the ""play games to win, not have fun"" type. If you have friends who have the game, absolutely crew up with them as you never know what kind of teammates you'll get. It's very teamwork-oriented, and if you don't have a good, smart team you will not win. I'd recommend it because the core gameplay is fun and it is indeed possible to get in a match with good people, but the community is very small and some people aren't fun to play with."
76561198089645223,Recommended,209080,8503465,"Posted: 2 January, 2014",all,Slightly Moist and Slowly Dying,"I really love this game, think some of you out there would too. Heavily team-dependant, so recommended you have a mic, though I've made do without one fine enough. Three classes are available, Engineer, Gunner, and Captain. Many different customizable loadouts, you can take three items made for your class and one from both other classes. For example, a Gunner can do an Engineer's job, but may not be suited for certain scenarios that an Engineer could deal with. I highly recommend picking this game up if you like games about teamwork, steampunk-ness, or flying. A must have, in my opinion. Either an 8 or a 9 out of 10."
,Recommended,209080,1461553,"Posted: 2 August, 2013",all,Junodavidw,"If you've played FTL, this game is just like FTL, except you're against other people. And you play as the crew members. So far it's been an excellent game. Extremely fun."
,Recommended,209080,379292,"Posted: 4 June, 2013",all,Bokor,A great game to play with friends.
,Recommended,209080,20675142,"Posted: 22 January, 2016",all,BitesizedAddy,I played a little.
,Recommended,209080,10979988,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,Verbose Mode,"This is the ultimate teamwork-centered game.You play as one man on an airship. An airship that requires a pilot, gunners for each weapon, and mechanics to repair everything on the fly. You have three other players with you, one allied airship with its crew, and two enemies with their crews.Alone you will die. Together you willdevastate.Dramatics aside, this is a game where you MUST work as a team. Gunners must talk to their captains to line up shots and coordinate damage types for best effect, engineers must time their wack-a-mole repair circuits to keep the armor solid and balloon floating, and the Captain must bring it all together as they try and manouver a eight-ton ship through clouds and desolate landscapes to evade and return fire. Let me be clear: you NEED A MIC to to play and enjoy this game.There are no gameplay-affecting microtransactions, only cosmetic, and all gear and ship options are unlocked from the start, so you will not get demolished by a Rank 14 ship because he had a better gun that you. The Achivement-based ranking system is a little weird, but gives a pretty good indication of how experienced a player actually is.The community is wonderful, as those that play actually want to play as a team, because that is the only way to win. A few screaming nine-year-olds that insist they are amazng captains show up every once in a while, and a few obnoxious jokers, but all-in-all the biggest annoyance is a captain without a mic (which is a completly valid excuse to bail from a lobby). Wonderful game, super-competitive, super tactical, and you have an excuse to talk like a Brit.I mean, come on! Steampunk Airship Battles! Youhaveto put on a accent!"
,Recommended,209080,29307948,Posted: 16 January,all,Andy Circus,burst burst burst burst BURST BURST BURST BURST BURST BURST BURST BURST8.7/10 wowee
76561198058735823,Recommended,209080,29045079,Posted: 5 January,all,Celine Dijon,"This game has given me (soon-to-be) thousands of hours of enjoyment. The teamwork required to win is more intense than most MOBAs I used to play, and the game still retains a very fun feel to it.The community, while sometimes a bit over-demanding of it's crews, is the kindest, and most helpful I have come across in my years of gaming.It is by no means a perfect game, the dev team is small, and slow to respond to balancing issues, often accidentally creating whole new ones when addressing old ones. In my year of playing this one game, I have, however, seen critical issues addressed properly - they clearly know what they're doing.... 90% of the time ;)The upcoming Alliance mode has me, as a PvP focused player, nervous, but is still looking to be hundreds of hours of fun for those looking to PvE.I would (and do) recommend GOIO to all my friends (mostly because I tell them my clan will carry them)10/10"
,Recommended,209080,21198525,"Posted: 13 February, 2016",all,✪ Jacob1z,Pro tip: before the ship blows up you jump. 2/2
,Recommended,209080,18057968,"Posted: 16 September, 2015",all,Blackheart,"Cool game, played it a few times..."
,Recommended,209080,10426553,"Posted: 11 June, 2014",all,lordcumiring,Guns of Icarus Online is an unique game. The game is very interesting and you won't regret it someday. Play with your friends to make it more interesting.
,Not Recommended,209080,29815484,Posted: 9 February,all,Rallying Flame,"It's fun while you're gitting gud.But once you get gud there it's a heartbreak.There's 7 ships you can fly, but if you don't have friends there's only 3 or 4. They're the only ones that are considered manageable with the AI in the game and the only ones with loadouts simple enough to have someone on board who has no clue what they're doing.Of those 3-4 ships you'll have about 2 major variants each that will work with somewhat unskilled crew.If you want try to do something exotic with the many possibilities available, you better get some friends or enlist some vets. Most new crew won't understand what you're telling them if it isn't extremely basic and if you try to start a match with AI they can join your ship without anyways without a clue as to what you're trying to do.Things like this are down to design decisions the devs consider minor but actually significantly impact what you can do and get away with.If you're just getting this to play with some friends or for a short period, it's a good game. But once you get deep into it is when you start seeing the cracks and regret getting so invested into it.If they change their mind on those ""minor"" design decisions, I'll revise my review. As is I simply cannot recommend it in good conscience."
,Recommended,209080,16016317,"Posted: 26 May, 2015",all,Lovable Vermin,"When you actually get into a game, it's brilliant, I also love the aesthetic, there aren't enough steampunk games out there"
76561198011638389,Recommended,209080,8674081,"Posted: 11 January, 2014",all,VengantMjolnir,"This game is everything I wanted it to be. Steampunk airships with PVP arena game modes! There is built in voice chat that works very well as well a a full featured achievement system. Honestly though, nothing beats the shear atmospherics of the game. When an airship comes out of the clouds with guns blazing its quite a sight."
76561198012545410,Recommended,209080,10143534,"Posted: 16 May, 2014",all,bdog,Man the cannons! FIRE!
,Recommended,209080,16820784,"Posted: 30 June, 2015",all,Kevbwell,yes
,Recommended,209080,10108057,"Posted: 14 May, 2014",all,Waterismayo,"A fun game full of teamwork and excitement, Guns of Icarus offers a great multiplayer experience. The leveling system is great and people are really friendly. Highly recommend, great game."
76561198096829168,Recommended,209080,26196341,"Posted: 24 October, 2016",all,NightSwarm11,"Lots of fun and easy to understand. Good gameplay.As for the amout of players, from what I've seen seems to be around 80-250 (depending on time of day) yet I've never failed to find a game.PVE mode or 1vAI on Practise mode would be great.More character customization would be great too, but mainly would be needed if/when PVE comes out.Friendly community.No real complaint against this game in my opinion.PS: It's Steampunk so an instant win in my book :D"
,Recommended,209080,26198034,"Posted: 24 October, 2016",all,[GONE]✠Epheriuϟ✠,"So far+Gameplay+Balance(depends)+Friendly community+Steampunk themed FPS game, something you don't see much+Visuals look nice+Ship based teamwork game where you actually need to have a full crew to be effective-Not so much people playing-dying game(in my opinion it is, but its a good game-Latency/Connection Issues(depends on which, for me its the ""loading lobby"" thing)Overall: 8.7/10Really good game and all"
76561197972054675,Recommended,209080,14546346,"Posted: 19 February, 2015",all,Ir8|Blade[L4H],"Best game ive played in a while. Great graphics, gameplay is well ballanced. They have designed the game in a way that teamwork is a requirement to be a successfull ship. Finaly the community is monitored well in an effort to keep the gameplay fun and freindly."
,Recommended,209080,32546265,Posted: 18 June,all,Schwaz,"Noice, ACTUAL teamwork..."
76561198269614789,Recommended,209080,32971991,Posted: 28 June,all,DeadPool,"this game is amazing!,even on my crap pc, bought it on sale but it would still be worth the $5 regular price,amazing idea, 10/10 would recommend"
,Recommended,209080,32328972,Posted: 10 June,all,Emporor Spontaneo of Kobosnia,"a really good game. I picked it up because it was cheap and I needed something to pass the time but ended up finding my new favourite game. the community is great, the game is REALLY fun, the developers are down to earth and once you get past the steep learning curve you'll be hooked in no time.if your a (potential) new player who's reading this then heres some advice:-if the baloon pump (blimp simbol) is on fire put it out FAST-unless you know what your doing, don't use the chem spray, the fire extinguisher is much easier-never underestimate anti baloon weapons-choose either a junker or a pyramidion for your first time captaining-Do the tutorials first-listen to the higher leveled players, they know what they're talking about"
,Recommended,209080,32578269,Posted: 19 June,all,Billy_Beaver28,"its lke one of those things while you play it your thinking: who wouldint want to fight in badass airships! point is, its a goog game and you should totaly get it"
76561198033075652,Recommended,209080,32624168,Posted: 21 June,all,JaiSss,"Guns of Icarus is a 4-Player PvP online multiplayer game. You and three other pirates embark on a steam engine propelled airship, moving in three dimensions simultaneously, to engage and blow up the enemy who is set out to do the same to you. To add a bit of strategy to it, usually two or sometimes three ships are grouped together in 8v8 or 12v12 matches, respectively.On-board a ship, four players are given one of three tasks: pilot the damn thing! repair the damn thing! or shoot the guns, as if your life depended on it (because it does!). The brilliance of the design lies in the balance of those tasks. The Pilot is the only one who can truly see all of the battlefield (in 3D mind you, which results in enemy ships above, below and anywhere else), but can do nothing with this knowledge. The engineers, ideally, keep the ship components, like armor, balloons, engines and guns up to speed. However, they never see much else, other than the ship decks, gaining no perspective on the larger battle. Lastly, the gunners carry a Pandora's box worth of specialized ammunition, reload faster and are able to temporarily unhinge the canons out of their sockets to circumvent the fixed angles at which these canons are mounted into your ship. Gunners never see much else other than their field of fire, though. Leaving them ultimately blind to the bigger picture in the same manner the engineers are. As you might infer, teamwork is of paramount importance. If you're not communicating, your playing it wrong. Headset or microphone equipment is strongly recommended as a side purchase!Currently, eight different ship types exist and each is unique in their characteristics. From either large and slow to small, fast and maneuverable, to slow, but flexible with an impressive weapon count. Every ship is hard to master, for each of the different jobs on deck. Naturally there is a never-ending debate in the community about tactics and preferences. Personally, I have no experience with any competitive approach. I pick this up casually every now and then with a couple of friends over a skype call and it works just as well. We sail the skies in the first few minutes before any enemies are spotted ... calm before the storm, discussing our weeks and our working life in a friendly chat, picking up some ... OH MY GOD, a broadside hit us from out of the fog! Everything's ablaze! Repair the hull! Steering engine's out! Somebody man the port side howitzers! We're not going out without a fight! ARRR!Ahem ... sorry. That's the kind of scenario you encounter as you play. And that is the driving point. The game isn't exactly complex or deep. There is no story (although a rich world and lore a hinted at. Recently a DLC called 'Alliance' has been released, presumably tackling these issues. I haven't had time for it yet, though.) Still, the game is filled with little stories. The ones, the players create. I amassed my own collection of special moments, little rivalries and epic battles, as I'm sure, every player has.Guns of Icarus is a game meant to be shared though and in my experience, multiplayer games bring out the worst in people. The community in this game however, is noticeably less aggressive or toxic, than literally any other multiplayer game, I've ever played so points for that. Could be pinned on the casual nature of it, I suppose.So yeah, pick it up. It stands recommended. Best with friends, who you can hold up communications with constantly .... or blame, as soon as your ship turns into a spectacular explosion, just because the newbie mistook the 9inch wrench for 10er! ARRR!"
,Recommended,209080,32972058,Posted: 28 June,all,Kim Jong-un,-------------------Read---------------------------------This game is amazing and everyone is plays it knows it.But to really play this game you gotta have a full team of friends with voice communitcation.And this game is $1 as the time im writing this but usually is $5 which is still good so dont complain if theres clothes that cost irl moneyThis game needs more players espicially its a dollar now so come on people hop on I bet you will like it!Also join my Discord server if you want some people to play this game with:https://discord.gg/3DkSFRd
76561197998643860,Recommended,209080,33251769,Posted: 4 July,all,Siliconpot,"Jolly good.Only wish it was possible to have a winning team without premade crews, but this tends to be a problem in any teamwork based game."
76561198067539233,Recommended,209080,33413934,Posted: 9 July,all,DF72,Great team multiplayer game
,Recommended,209080,32633467,Posted: 21 June,all,Weeble,"The gameplay itself is solid and extremely fun. Vibrant maps, a cool artystle and easy-to-learn but hard-to-master type gameplay.The only downfall currently is that there aren't many active players, but such things happen with a 5 year old multiplayer game."
,Recommended,209080,34114705,Posted: 8 August,all,Élyk,Great game. Needs a good crew who can communicate well with eachother. I suck but like it!
76561198052395911,Recommended,209080,20534653,"Posted: 14 January, 2016",all,Chroma Slip,10 out of 10 would blow ships up again
76561198008328211,Recommended,209080,13642876,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,Radical Tissue Paper,Singing Pirate Shanties with your crew in the voicechat has never been this fun
,Recommended,209080,35455095,Posted: 3 October,all,PLAYER2201,The game is really fun to play but not so many people play this game (idk why since it is a very good game) so it is very time consuming to find a match.
,Recommended,209080,13133491,"Posted: 28 November, 2014",all,My Car Is Slow,Very fun game with friends would recommend.
76561198049188371,Recommended,209080,23314859,"Posted: 31 May, 2016",all,Chubmonger,Well enough game for the low price. Great team building experience.
,Recommended,209080,8349884,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,Adamski,BEST GAME EVER!!!
,Recommended,209080,12254773,"Posted: 26 September, 2014",all,Infinity.exe,It's great when you're playing with a solid team. But it'll make you quite rage-prone when you're gunner and an engineer hogs your gun and completely misses the enemy and did not use correct ammo.
,Recommended,209080,10230632,"Posted: 25 May, 2014",all,Foca Cola ™,Nice game with the funnest team play in his category!
,Recommended,209080,8123873,"Posted: 19 December, 2013",all,The jjdman,iz good
76561197964172191,Recommended,209080,176113,"Posted: 31 October, 2012",all,[KK]Arkady,"OMFG U never played a game like this!!!!!!! Steampunk Airships, teamwork, epic battles and incoming amazing PVE mode! It's really worth of it's prize. And if thats not enough for you, it's have one of the best communities i ever met before, no toxic players, veteran players are helpfull with newbies and good and easy tutorials to learn the basics, and with the incoming new DLC (PVE mode with multiplayer campaing) the game it's really worth of it's prize, also if you are reading this during the holidays promotions.... buy it! 2.5€ for this game is a joke you will get tons of ours of fun with it, and more if you play it with friends."
76561198121247680,Recommended,209080,10367139,"Posted: 6 June, 2014",all,BONGLORD,i will poo
,Recommended,209080,9387021,"Posted: 8 March, 2014",all,Kai,This is game is really really good. It would be epic if this is combined with sims like how we create sims n stuff. so Yeah. buy this game.
,Recommended,209080,13550064,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,MLGamez,nice and steam punky
,Recommended,209080,14074535,"Posted: 19 January, 2015",all,Bittersweet,Amazing but underrated game :(
76561198164914186,Recommended,209080,19302244,"Posted: 26 November, 2015",all,GroundGame,It's like Treasure planet on steroids.
,Recommended,209080,12825346,"Posted: 6 November, 2014",all,Bluejay,"TLDR: Great game, but devs only do background/cosmetic changes. Has problems, but they are not deadly, and most will be resolved within only a few hours of play. Less graphic intensive now and really easy to get into. Buy. Especially if on sale.I bought Guns of Icarus a while back on sale, played it for a bit, and left when graphics became problematic for me. However, at that time, it was a great game with a great, helpful community.Fast forward to now, about 3/4 of a year later. Newer computer (that could not run the game before, and only slightly better graphics). I decide to check this game out after finding some free time on my hands. I open the game up, and find some things:1) The game loads FASTER and HAS LESS BUGS. (So devs are still working on it. Good job.)2) Graphics problems are non-exsistant. (Fire was a big graphics load, but has been nerfed)3) Graphics are nicer4) Matchmaking system5) Community issues.6) No new active contentI will admit that this game is not for everyone. As a newer player, you'll want to stick around, even if you are losing in the match. You matter. Every single player does. Teams win as a team, not because one person is amazing.You can be a pilot, taking command of the ship and manuvering circles around the enemy,  staying out of their range but withing your gunner's range, .You can be an engineer, scrambling around to save your ship before it is destroyed, hopping on and helping gunners or running around giving buffs to the ship when you aren't dying.You can be a gunner, taking down the enemy with every chance your pilot gives you, waiting for the engineer to fix your weapons, or fixing them yourself.You can serve on a variety of ships, from noble galleons to sly squids, to the flying wall mobula. The choice is yours...and your friends'.Problems:Community is very rarely helpful. 11/13 players are unhelpful. If you need any help, ask around on the GoIO forms or on Steam community, they'll help. Probably.Matchmaking is just. ugh. I guess I understand how it's useful but. ew. Seriously?It's been 3/4 of a year, yet there are no new ships (but there are around 7 i believe). There are no new weapons. The meta remains unchanged. (Seriously Hwacha is just bull guys). There are no new maps or gamemodes. Not even one. Changes are purely cosmetic and solely for monetary gain. (That skins shop sure does get new updates a bunch)."
76561197982892542,Recommended,209080,17884062,"Posted: 4 September, 2015",all,Chango,Great game I have followed for a long time. Better game with alcohol.Would drink and fly again.
,Recommended,209080,23158929,"Posted: 23 May, 2016",all,Puds,"Its a Great game when you have a Mic and a Good team, And a ok game if you dont, But i Loved this and im definatly buying Guns Of Icarus Alliance :D"
,Recommended,209080,29016508,Posted: 4 January,all,Hitly,It's a decent unique multiplayer game that requires teamwork. However the game is more over dead since youtubers dont do events with this game anymore. And the devs don't seem interested in keeping a community with events or free updates.
,Recommended,209080,29608276,Posted: 31 January,all,0per8tor,"Yes, absolutely I can recomend this game. Let me start off by saying that the quality of game that you get for the 9.99 price tag might be unmatched in all of steam. We're not here talking about a game that is 59.99, 49.99 or even 19.99. It's 9.99 so let's start right there. From there we can point out that the concept of the game is extremely unique. The captain of the ship determines how he wants to run his ship and what job functions and how he wants his crew to carry them out. The pre-match lobby allows him to do this and his crew can refuse to do so if they like though it can make for a difficult match. That is where toxicity rears its ugly head though a good captain who did'nt wake up on the  wrong side of the bed can usually manage to work through those troubles. Just remember if you don't want to be an engineer but you do want to be a gunner or captain go find a ship that needs one of those. Its not worth ruining the experience for everyone else because of your own selfish needs. The ship is much better off with an A.I character in your place... again just go find another ship. With that said im sure there are people saying that its difficult finding other ships or matches, and to that I say... yea, sometimes. Just go to the match list and find matches and dont use the match maker. I never use the match maker button myself, I find matches in the match list and can usually find a ship that has a need for what I feel like doing whether it be captaining or gunning or engineering. Most of the time I look for matches that are underway already and fill a need for a ship that way.The game is really amazing and deserves more of a playerbase for sure. Look at league of legends. Probably the most toxic game out there but people suck it up and fill out roles that need to be filled with the promise of a good gaming experience. I tend to find GOA a much easier playerbase to get along with. Make some friends on a ship and dont be afraid to ask questions or learn. If the captain tries to tell you how he wants you to do something don't take it as a bad thing. As the captain only you can know sometimes how your going to manuevre the ship or who exactly you want to target. Its up to the crew to listen so the ship runs as efficiently as possible. So if you don't like games that require the kind of teamwork this game demands. A well run ship in GOA is like nothing else in the gaming world and this game is like nothing else you've played."
76561198080563124,Recommended,209080,15319155,"Posted: 12 April, 2015",all,Mr.Ginger,The community in this game is great and helpful. teamwork is essential to your ships survival. Everyone gets their own role and if all play as that role the game will go great. the maps are great in the beginner maps are a bit repetitive but once you move past those they are really  good. the ships offer great customization “only the pilot gets to choose the ship and what loadout it has” you can choose between different preset loadouts or if in a higher tier lobby you can change the weapons  yourself.One of the best overall  team based games i have played! if you have 3 other friends to play with  would recommend buying the four pack and if you dont still get the game. ;)
76561198071160424,Recommended,209080,24751480,"Posted: 6 August, 2016",all,bUTnUTTER,Best game ever made.
76561198187810626,Recommended,209080,22725125,"Posted: 30 April, 2016",all,The (not) Perfect Sandwich,10/10
76561198067155022,Recommended,209080,9750716,"Posted: 6 April, 2014",all,Custard,"This game is AMAZING. It has realistic graphics as well as a great city builder aspect to it. It's secondary currency of gems, on the other hand, is an obvious trap of microtransactions. You can play for free, but buying once is kind of like a trap; if you start, you cannot, and I repeat, CANNOT, stop the maddness. Guns of Icarus should have gotten at least 90 on the meta score as a PSVista game. Nearly perfect, yet, the microtransactions really killed getting perfect. Hoping to see more updates, Sega. Keep it going guys!"
,Recommended,209080,30930583,Posted: 3 April,all,Ray,"Ever want to be a sky pirate.Well find a crew and fly, fight, and fix the damn hull.This PVE Expansion for Guns of Icarus is straght forward, Pick a faction, find a crew, and play.But if you want to test your mettle fly the daring skys in the PVP and get your♥♥♥♥♥handed to you for not listen to other, learn your lesson and try again. For the community will help and do what they can to make you the best you can at this rough and tumble little game."
,Recommended,209080,7891149,"Posted: 2 December, 2013",all,theGeneralC,"BUY THIS! I love this game so much, the community is awesome, the classes are fantastic, and the thrill of a victory is just perfect because it requires teamwork. Seriously, buy this one."
,Recommended,209080,7891624,"Posted: 2 December, 2013",all,Wake up.,If you have two or three people to play this with it is the most fun you can have in a team objective game.
,Recommended,209080,20126061,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,Wenhux,"This game has two types of players:Those who play for a few hours and then give up.Those who play for hours upon hours upon hours.I consider myself in the bottom category, despite a seemingly low play time (reasons for that are further down).There is a reason that there is the option to buy a 4-pack of this game. It's designed as something to work together with friends on, something to work together with as mates to improve and better yourself. Nothing is more fun than taking down an enemy when you've tried and done your best with your mates. Because this game is what every multiplayer game should aspire to be - FUN. Some of the most fun I've had has been playing GoI in matches which I've lost. Because both sides put up a good fight, and it was a fair and close match, and we had fun, we enjoyed ourselves and made jokes whilst everything was on fire.Some games can go on for 10 minutes. Some can go on for 45. It all depends on the skill, ability and teamwork of the crews. The longer a match is, generally the more fun it is, and the better it is.The community is fantastic for new players. You will, of course, get the occasional salty player, but if you are willing to learn, then 95% of players are willing to teach you. Just for god's sake use a microphone and headset, and don't argue with your captain. This game is built on teamwork, and if you don't get unlucky and get people who aren't willing to work, you will enjoy yourself immensely.The Devs are great as well. They regularly play against everyone else, and are always working on improving and fixing the game. It's come a long way.Sadly I don't have as much time to play this game as I would like. Mostly due to being dragged into playing other games by friends who would normally crew with me.But if I could, I would be up there with the other players on playtime of hundreds of hours. It feels like I have played more though. I have sat down with my friends irl, had conversations whilst playing other games about tactics for GoI, about which gun to use on which ship, what strategy to employ based on which loadout.This game does have a steep learning curve, I will admit. You will play at the beginning, think it is very fun but not too complex. You'll have some fun, and maybe get a few kills/wins if you're lucky. Then comes the point where a lot of people who bought the game will leave, hence the large gap in playtimes. Because those people realise that the game is more complex than they first thought, that it requires a little more time and thought than they perhaps have imagined.But those players who stick through that do NOT regret it. There's a reason why the playtimes on this game are so flipping high - because once you're past that point, you enjoy it way too much to give up! There is no experience more fun playing a game than working like a well-oiled machine with a crew of friends to clinch a win in a hard-fought match of Guns Of Icarus.If you buy this game, expect to reach that point. Expect to reach the point where you think ""Hmmm, I'm not sure I want to play this any more."". But I would highly, HIGHLY recommend sticking past that point, investing a little into it. The game isn't as shallow and simple as it may first seem, and once you've seen the true GoI, you will never go back."
76561198027779078,Recommended,209080,10140922,"Posted: 16 May, 2014",all,PhD,NEED HELP REPAIRING THE BALLOON. INCREASE SHIP ALTITUDE. INCREASE SHIP ALTITUDE. I'M REPAIRING THE HULL.
,Recommended,209080,12865677,"Posted: 9 November, 2014",all,Serchill,Realy good game! if u have friends doh. :D
,Recommended,209080,21991534,"Posted: 22 March, 2016",all,❂ Mythical Donuts ❂,"You know, its amazing. Still not max level.11/10"
,Recommended,209080,23245069,"Posted: 27 May, 2016",all,Bloomingseven,"Steam punk air ship battles, thats all that needs to be said, and completly worth the 10 dollors"
76561198034319577,Recommended,209080,18852664,"Posted: 2 November, 2015",all,Rhabdomyolysis,"While Guns of Icarus is a fantastic game, with totally novel, extremely robust and fun gameplay, not to mention kickass settings, and runs quite well on even middle-to-low end computers it suffers from one glaring issue.Population problems.The community is all but dead, and given the game is exclusively multiplayer, this is pretty serious. It is entirely impossible to find a match where all members have low ping, at least in my experience. The last time I played this, there were 75 people in game, and ~12 in the lobby - in a game where each airship needs maybe 4-5 players to man it effectively this really hurts playability.As much as I hate to say it, without a major drop in price, or the much maligned move-to-F2P, I don't recommend the game in its current state.I'm going to emphasise this.THE GAME IS FANTASTIC, INCREDIBLY NOVEL AND ENGAGING.ITS POPULATION IS TOO SMALL TO BOTHER BUYING IT AT THE CURRENT PRICE.Just know that if you buy it, you're going to have difficulty finding matches."
76561197979098698,Recommended,209080,7817409,"Posted: 28 November, 2013",all,Cadrean,"Got to talk to the devs for this game. I have to say, this is one games that's completely undeserving of the lower metascritic score it got. It's well put together, easy to learn and has a ton of replayablility value. Definetly worth it's normal price, let alone on sale. Plus the devs are really cool guys.Buy it.Why are you still here? You should be playing Guns of icarus right now."
76561198282953211,Recommended,209080,33117839,Posted: 1 July,all,g.littleboo,"This is a story of pain, pain however uncomfortable is nessescary for the advancment of mankind.  This game is the embodiment of pain, striving to, but never prefecting the superior man.  It is a towering achievment of human morals and ideals.I have a very personal connection to the product, I have experianced joy, pain, toil, even love.  Before this game I was lost in a mist of ignorance. It was late september when I found this game.  I was in deep financal troubles and was preptually single and alone.  I lived in a hole and soled parts of my liver to pay for my computer, electricity and WiFi.Then one day I found this game I was freezing in an early cold spell and was lighting my head on fire for warmth.  I prayed to God and he gave me a vision, and in that vision this game waas shining like a becon in the dark.  I realized I must get the game, so I started a Turkey farm and from that I was able to scrape up the eight dollars to buy the game, as well as a house, a wagon and a bucket.Then I logged on and my world, didn't really change but I thought it did and thats what counts."
,Recommended,209080,10273433,"Posted: 29 May, 2014",all,♥ﺏﺮﻋ♥ bobby,هههههههههههه احلى منها مافي حماااااس وخاصه مجموعه من الأصحاب تواصل من ستيم او ساكيب او تيم سبيك مهما كانفللللللللللللللللللللللللله هههههههههههه
,Recommended,209080,25625843,"Posted: 21 September, 2016",all,CSBN-GG,More people has to try this game.Get it together with your friends and play it because the playerbase is really small but its a good game.(Bring your friends and mic's)
,Recommended,209080,28306673,"Posted: 11 December, 2016",all,Evill Bob,"Take a customizable character, add in steampunk airships, sprinkle in no where near enough people to crew the thing, mix with 3-5 other ships with the same problem and you got Guns of Icarus Online."
,Recommended,209080,14784660,"Posted: 7 March, 2015",all,Damoff,"One of the only games where working as a team doesn't end up with you hating the 3 people on your team. Most of the time. The community is filled with 99.6% cool people, and the game as an entiritey is an awesome experience.I'll leave you with this...MOTHER ♥♥♥♥ING AIRSHIP DOGFIGHTS!!"
76561198007428685,Recommended,209080,14615091,"Posted: 23 February, 2015",all,Raving Moses,"This is one of THE best co-op games ever created.For one, it has basically created a whole new genre and it also has a clear concept in mind, and does not get diverted from its goal. Most games that are co-op are basically single player games that you can play with your friends (i. e. Diablo), but this game really makes or brakes depending on your teamwork.It is crucial that everyone on your ship knows their job and function. Flying solo is a no go.The one thing this game lacks, is the audience it deserves. This game should get the proper attention from media and gamers alike. We need more people maning our ships, to spread chaos across the skies.Can't wait for adventure mode12/10 in my opinion!"
76561198136868737,Recommended,209080,15817969,"Posted: 13 May, 2015",all,nedas51,"This game is great, I highly recommend it. For an even better experience, I suggest bringing along friends so you can have more people you know in your crew. In case you have not looked much up about the game (Which I also suggest) Heres some of the key info:You can be a:-Pilot-Engineer-GunnerThere are 4 people to a crew (that is, on one ship)There are a variety of game types, I prefer deathmatch myself-Deathmatch (2v2, 3v3, 4v4) That's 2 ships versus 2 ships, etc.This game relies heavily on teamwork for survival and success. A good captain means all the difference, my suggestion is to NOT be the pilot for at least a good few games, if not many more so that you would understand the games mechanics and structuring for different ship types.As mentioned, there are a few different ship layouts. You cannot create your own ship, but you can change the guns at premade gun loadout locations.All in all, without this becoming a terribly written guide to the game. I do recommend this game to players. It can have a bit of a steep learning curve for casual gamers, however it is very rewarding once you start to master the game (regardless of how many times your ship has blown up 'till that point)In any case, that is my opinion."
,Recommended,209080,15891923,"Posted: 18 May, 2015",all,Jolly,"Okay so I haven't seen any reviews by the newbs who bought on the sale cropping up yet so I thought I'd do one. Let me start by saying very few games make me take the time to write a review. So I had seen this game before and thought it looked decent so the other day I searched it and ""Look its on sale"" . I was thinking of buying and I then thought well its a team game so I'll need to get friends to buy it so I asked some of them and they said they thought it looked good but I owed them so I bought the four pack for all of them. Ok Im boring myself here so....Long story short I fired up the game without my friends and still managed to play fine because the community is great and love working together. The game is great. The music is great. The graphics style has a cool camera flicker effect. BUY THE ♥♥♥♥ING GAME."
76561198012445109,Recommended,209080,15734700,"Posted: 7 May, 2015",all,Knockoff,"You've probably heard of games that encourage teamwork. Maybe you've even played a few.In these games, it always seems that there's one or more guys running around on your team, completely ignoring any sort of teamwork and trying to lone-wolf it. Sometimes that person is you. And sometimes it's fun to play like that, but it's not exactly the kind of teamwork you were hoping for.If you want a game that not only encourages, but requires teamwork - Guns of Icarus is for you.Whether you decide to simply take orders from your ship's pilot or learn the nuanced and exciting details of the mechanics of this game and learn how to support your team by yourself, every action that you do is accomplishing something significant for your ship, your team, and the battle as a whole. If -you- make a mistake, your ship goes down - along with your three other crewmen.Everyone relies on everyone else and nothing is a one-man job, which creates moment after moment of intense scenarios requiring nothing less than true teamwork.In addition, the atmosphere of this game is spot-on. From the detailed steampunk graphics to the beautiful animations and sound effects, you can really get sucked into the world of this game.Although the developer promises a rich MMO-like experience for this game in the future, even in its current state, Guns of Icarus is a complete and highly enjoyable game. In other words, it only gets better from here.P.S. One con that I can find with this game is that there are very few players. If you're not on during peak times, expect very long waits (constantly averaging above 5 minutes) in the lobby. I hope that as this game updates, the player base grows a bit."
76561198104104341,Recommended,209080,16009462,"Posted: 26 May, 2015",all,Shade,New favourite game. Absolutely the best. Never played a game like it. I'm actually rather surprised that it doesn't have more people playing it. That's why I'm doing this review! Because it is so good and it deserves more popularity! PLAY IT!!
,Recommended,209080,16068109,"Posted: 29 May, 2015",all,McSniffles,"I've only been playing for 18 hours and I don't need any more time than that to tell you this is one of my favorite games from my library of over 160.  Communication, teamwork, and basic mechanical knowledge rewarded with such consistency that my buddies and I running 4-man crews have only lost about 5-6 games in the full 15 hours we've played.  Everything about this game feels good and every role feels very important.  Nobody can do anything in this game without the rest of the crew.  The art style is great, the graphics are great, the way the airships feel is great.  If you have any trouble being by yourself, you can always ask in global chat in game for a mentor or take to the subreddit and you'll find a crew in no time.  For me all it took was a couple videos on  youtube and just reading all the mechanics on the wiki to start basically dominating every match (still <lvl 8 novice matches).  Even the worst of engagements can be turned around with teamwork.I also recorded one of our matches"
,Recommended,209080,16357146,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,Yves W,"This game is tons of fun, IF you are able to play it with 2-3 friends. Otherwise it's meh."
76561198009316026,Recommended,209080,16003009,"Posted: 25 May, 2015",all,Justin,"Ever played Artemis? You know, that game where each of you becomes the member of a crew and you sail around the galaxy, blowing stuff up? It's like that. No, you don't know what I mean?Okay, what about FTL? How you have four to six crewmen running around a ship, putting out fires and flying the ship against an enemy ship? It's like that, but in third/first person and you're just one person out of the four on the airship. No? Still don't get it?Okay, then, imagine a Team Fortress 2 match on that airship racing map. Now remove the capture points, and have everyone spawn on the airship. Now add the ability to drive the airship wherever you want, the ability to blow up subsystems of the enemy airship (engines, balloons, hull), and the ability to repair said subsystems. And replace each player's individual guns with airship-mounted cannons.Does that sound awesome? Buy the game."
,Recommended,209080,16359655,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,XeonDigital,THE MOST INTENSIVE GAME EVER MADEbest played with friends or even a team
,Recommended,209080,17215364,"Posted: 24 July, 2015",all,Comrade Potato,"After playing this game for a decent time, I'm ready to give another sincere review, because this game really deserves one.Simply put, it is one of the single best teamwork online experiences that you can get on Steam right now, and for 15$, it feels like a robbery at times.The game revolves around battles of steam-punk designed Zepelins that manouver in a way similar to ships, with the bonus addition of the up/down directions. This creates really intense Airship battles that demand teamwork and communication in order to make it through; simply put, you WILL need to speak if you want to have fun with this game. It is of course better with friends, and a full crew (4) of friends probably gives you one of the best experiences out there in gaming. For the record, do NOT let the metacritic score mislead you. So far the community is friendly and really useful, and if you are lost, there usually is someone to help you through. There are also no stupid paywalls or anything like that, there ARE microtransactions, however they are only for cosmetics that you can EASILY get through playing the game. The game rarely feels unbalanced; even if you are flying a relatively Small and ""Weak"" ship, you can destroy a Galleon, the biggest ship in the game, throughout careful planning and communication with your teammates. Each ship is unique and designed for different things, however you should find the one that is more comfortable to you and your crew as every single ship has it's critical points (Engines, Hull, Balloon, Guns) Spread out in spades of variety. One of the main incentives of the game is also the use of selective targetting, so for example, you might want to disable the balloon or guns of an enemy airship before you start attacking the hull full on, or you might want to approach it from behind and ramming the hull, then aggressively setting the balloon ablaze with flamethrowers. Every battle feels unique and intense in it's own right. The only problems with this game are that you can outright see what your enemy has in it's ship in the lobby, and vice versa. This can create an infinite loop of people picking the counter for a ship's weaponry and such indefinitely until the timer runs out. Besides that, there is the ocational lag spike, but it's nowhere near ruining the game by any strech of the imagination.Long story short, if you like playing with friends, and teamwork, get it!Definitely recommended."
76561198069771605,Recommended,209080,16409297,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,Slotherz,Sekc
,Recommended,209080,16321927,"Posted: 11 June, 2015",all,shiftybits,"Definitely a great game. Very, very team-oriented and very fun with friends.Nothing is better than having a friend steer your ship while another one puts out fires spreading around you while you're spraying a barrage of incendiary ammo on enemy ships.Gotta love it <3"
,Recommended,209080,30504237,Posted: 14 March,all,Thomas The Pipe Engine,"Ho-lee♥♥♥♥♥♥is this good. The co-operative gameplay is just- yes. And the community isn't as♥♥♥♥♥♥as csgo. Overall just good. Hook your friends up with this♥♥♥♥♥♥and bam, entertainment for days."
,Recommended,209080,8637668,"Posted: 9 January, 2014",all,Fallas,i ♥♥♥♥ing love this epic♥♥♥♥♥♥
,Recommended,209080,12814119,"Posted: 6 November, 2014",all,hehe,just buy it already
76561198107876419,Recommended,209080,22853219,"Posted: 7 May, 2016",all,Jhumm,That is the most attractive hint box I have seen so far. But don't tell it that I am using other hint boxs
,Recommended,209080,1416501,"Posted: 23 November, 2012",all,Queso2469,GO BUY THIS GAME WHILE IT'S ON SALE!
,Recommended,209080,29997470,Posted: 17 February,all,Sandslash,this game is nice and also fun pls more people play it!!!
,Recommended,209080,5569106,"Posted: 29 May, 2013",all,ShodanMAN,Really fun and addictive game. At its best when played with a group of friends. Adventure mode (which will be added soon) will give far deeper mechanics to play with. link-http://www.kickstarter.com/projects/musegames/guns-of-icarus-onlineadventure-mode
,Recommended,209080,29639954,Posted: 1 February,all,2trip,"Guns of Icarus is quite possibly the only game of its kind.The base game is entirely Free-2-Play, and the only store items are cosmetics, essentially rewards for donating. The same rule goes for the Alliance DLC, which is a Factions PvE-oriented gamemode that complements the main game well.Getting down to brass tacks, the one thing newbies need to know about this game is this:Teamwork. Is. Key.Nothing else matters as much as teamwork. I'd highly recommend playing with a mic, but at the very least you'll be expected to know how to use in-game signals. Also, if you're used to carrying your team, throw that habit out the window. You're not going to be able to do that here. You can be the best captain in the game, but if you don't have a good crew, you're going to lose. And it will suck.That said, if you play with the same people regularly, or find a team you work well with, this game is an absolute joy. Nothing is quite as satisfying as disabling an enemy ship's guns, shattering their armor, and then softening them up for the perfect ram-kill.Honestly, as someone who's put nearly 200 hours into this game (over various accounts), I cannot emphasize enough how satisfying this game is. Bear in mind, you WILL lose. A lot. However, the sheer satisfaction of victory, when it finally arrives, is nothing short of incredible."
76561198029076971,Recommended,209080,28973081,Posted: 3 January,all,Bogeyman,A different kind of team play and a great experience. A bit tricky for beginners.
76561198131634148,Recommended,209080,25616263,"Posted: 21 September, 2016",all,Hydra0411,"In my first match the ""Pirates of the Carribean"" theme was playing over the group voice chat as we were charging the enemy ships.I think this is a perfect example of what you're getting if you decide to buy this game, and you should if you're a fan of cooperative-based games. Very atmospheric, small but friendly and relaxed community and addictive gameplay with admittedly few number of modes. It is not a triple A title, but the staff is very responsive and helpful and the constant updates are ironing everything out.I easily got my money's worth and I'm eager to see this game evolve further."
,Recommended,209080,8727378,"Posted: 16 January, 2014",all,Caedes Ender [SOLDIER 1st Class],"I really wanted to buy this game but didnt have a squad to go with, eventually I found a couple of friends who are semi-active and took the Plunge.Best purchase of the winter sale IMO, I love this game, its fun, its simple, and there is a role that every one can enjoy (pilot myself) and I dont even play with my squad much anymore.This is the perfect ""game to play before I leave the house/go to bed"", if I know I cant put in a good couple of hours on an RPG or CBA to farm anything for the time being on warframe, then its GOI TIME!!!Disclaimer - its online, prepare for ""that guy"" :P"
76561198051131999,Recommended,209080,21346561,"Posted: 20 February, 2016",all,R0B0sauce,SMAF clan here to pubstomp all the hot girls
,Recommended,209080,12982658,"Posted: 17 November, 2014",all,Hubert C. (✿◠‿◠)󠀡,Would be a lot better if everyone who played it at the lower levels wasn't braindead.
76561197965282243,Recommended,209080,9161494,"Posted: 17 February, 2014",all,Hatch,"Despite what the Metascore says, this game is fun to play.  It's a first-person shooter where you and your team fly an airship.  Even though it's a first-person shooter, you don't shoot using rifles and pistols.  The ship has turrents and cannons on it.  The ships look like a pirate ships but is suspended in the air by a giant hot air balloon.  You have a choice of charater classes to play.  You can play as a Captain, Engineer or Gunner.  You can also customize your character.  Each class has a different skill.  Even though you have a certain ""job"", any character can take the helm or a gun.  Someone has to fly the ship as it doesn't fly itself.  Engineers fix broken or damaged parts for the ship.  If your ship becomes too damaged it's harder to defend and eventually it crashes.  After that you respawn.  After so many points, a team wins.  This game has a nice steampunk theme.  It makes everything look vintage.  To be completely honest, it's not a first choice game for first-person battle in my opinion but it has a different setting that most games don't have.  Most battle games take place on a battlefield or buildings.  Flying ships are nice to take the humdrum out of battles.  I recommend playing it!"
,Recommended,209080,30868685,Posted: 31 March,all,้,"Bought Guns Of Icarus Online and then a new one came out. Costs another 20 Dollars :|It's amazing, but apparently doesn't exist anymoreEDIT: Go Buy the New Version of this. It's amazing, especially with friends."
76561198110451775,Recommended,209080,9026655,"Posted: 8 February, 2014",all,LODEMAN,Awesome Game!
,Recommended,209080,22589671,"Posted: 23 April, 2016",all,Metafree,It's a Great Game!!!Although the Community is cancer!!!I have gotten reported for literally not fixing the right engine
,Recommended,209080,12915137,"Posted: 12 November, 2014",all,FallShen,"This game is ♥♥♥♥ing fantastic, i mean when you're the pirates of the ♥♥♥♥ing skies how is it not ♥♥♥♥ing fun. Get your goddamn lonely♥♥♥♥♥some fugly friends and become the most godlike ship crew this game has ever seen!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!"
,Recommended,209080,12670386,"Posted: 28 October, 2014",all,Synter KattMynter,Best game!  I bought it for me and my 3 friends and I never regreted it. Buy it now when its on sale!
,Recommended,209080,12340382,"Posted: 3 October, 2014",all,OnlyMo,"fun, hardcore and a good multi-player"
76561198051680661,Recommended,209080,12501692,"Posted: 15 October, 2014",all,redgalaxie500,Easily the best team airship game I've ever seen.  tons of fun.
76561198097151574,Recommended,209080,15975187,"Posted: 23 May, 2015",all,Digiorno Unchained,"I used to be able to embrace my inner gunnerz in this game, now that a ddos happens right when you start this game. I am appalled by this companies ability to run a server, my current theory is that someone thought that jet fuel can melt steel beams, thus causing this series of fourtunte events. 11/10"
76561197989704407,Recommended,209080,14369737,"Posted: 7 February, 2015",all,Ultimate Beta,Amazing but gets kinda boring.
,Recommended,209080,16318734,"Posted: 11 June, 2015",all,uGrizz,Quality...
,Recommended,209080,23346414,"Posted: 2 June, 2016",all,SirCry45 No Internet :(,This Game is Bomb! I HIGHLY recommend People who have friends and willing to work as a team! the gamme looks Sexy as my left Nipple and it really feels like you are taking control of what happens to your ship/Captains ship! Team work is Key if you wanna get out alive! the only this that upsets me about this game is that there is not enough players but there are still a few handful of people playing hopefully the DLC will make/want players to comeback! Me and my Friend havent played long but we both love the feel of this game I'm giving this Game a Rating of 9.5/10Hope this Review has been helpful and I hope to see anyone that plays/gets the game in battle Good Luck and Have Fun!!!
,Recommended,209080,12896159,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,Soup Sandwich,great game! it needs more gamemode
,Recommended,209080,23162396,"Posted: 23 May, 2016",all,jjbonks2,This game is great. Get it.
,Recommended,209080,23138781,"Posted: 22 May, 2016",all,he,What can I even say. This game is just to great.
,Recommended,209080,23385363,"Posted: 4 June, 2016",all,Spacecraftz,it's great
76561198261035580,Recommended,209080,34247135,Posted: 14 August,all,BrojaN Trojan,"This game has a small player base but by no means is what I would consider ""dead"". I have over 400 hours logged in this game and over 1,300 matches played, I can tell you that is still very much alive. There is a small community that regularly plays which keeps the player count high enough to push matches through usually. The lobbies are a bit slow to get started but they do go. The developers are also still adding new content to Guns of Icarus Online(this product) which is the strictly PvP, so for only $4.99, this is still a great buy dispite its short comings."
,Recommended,209080,19013893,"Posted: 11 November, 2015",all,zGruBz,I always felt as if this game was supposed to be somesort of DLC for Team Fortress 2 lol. Nevertheless! it'sa worthy game of your hard earned money:)Guns of Icarus Online - 7.4/10
76561198094167454,Recommended,209080,10321971,"Posted: 2 June, 2014",all,world renowned xc superstar,The objective of this game is to fly a boat and kill other flying boats...doesn't make too much sense but whatever.9.99/10
,Recommended,209080,12497801,"Posted: 15 October, 2014",all,Squid_Face,It's funny to watch flying balloon ships burn
,Not Recommended,209080,28958368,Posted: 2 January,all,ATLeX,"There just isn't enough players, the community is way to small... :("
76561198013391470,Recommended,209080,31454693,Posted: 29 April,all,Queso,"If you've got a few friends to play with and a good mic system (be it ingame, skype, whatever) it's a good way to cheaply blow some time. Be warned, updating is a pain. The server that it updates from is speratic. downloading 200mb can take FOREVER because it's constantly stopping. If too many people are updating or downloading for install people get kicked off and the feed stops."
76561198163937761,Not Recommended,209080,34299775,Posted: 16 August,all,Hoidra,"I don't recommend this game in its current state, otherwise I'd be trying to rope in more of my friends to play. Just make the game $15-$20 dollars, make the DLC either free, or $5-$10, then add more stuff onto the base game. Less paywall = more players, and it'll revive the community that's as desolate as the world this game takes place in. I ADORE this game, but without a community in a game that's built on having lots of people in a single match, how am I going to possibly want to play lobby simulator?"
76561198266965544,Recommended,209080,30778167,Posted: 27 March,all,neb,Turns out I dont have any friends so I returned it
76561198092032814,Recommended,209080,30282353,Posted: 2 March,all,Hayashi,Take to the skies and dominate your foes with top hats and squiggly mustaches. What else could you ask for?
,Recommended,209080,12783089,"Posted: 3 November, 2014",all,Diophantus,"teh game is pretty sik m9's, illuminati say buy it"
,Recommended,209080,12408658,"Posted: 8 October, 2014",all,Stoli,It's kind of like dust II but different
76561198280529756,Recommended,209080,30619378,Posted: 19 March,all,Sangkala Wira,Very nice Game Keep it Up
76561198289476199,Recommended,209080,28831798,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,I'm a Weaboo,one of the best  games i have played in ages would recommed to all
76561198236143434,Recommended,209080,28815573,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,ᵥᵣₚGood Ol' Yebsi,I do not have much time played in this game but I know this. GOI is filled to the brim with teamwork. Without it your crew will lose instantly. Although the player base has dwindled rapidly. I hope to see it come back.
,Recommended,209080,31693469,Posted: 11 May,all,Kyrottimus,"Fun game, especially with friends.  +1 for Linux client too!"
,Not Recommended,209080,32127833,Posted: 2 June,all,Shas'Ui Demotana,"Remember Planetary Annihilation?Remember how Planetary Annihilation devs decided to re-release the game as a separate version with fixes and extra content that original game was supposed to have?Well, hello and good bye."
76561197981507545,Not Recommended,209080,31162900,Posted: 15 April,all,Mathias,"seing that a expansion has reached our shores i got interested in playing again.After a long time away from the game i decided to come back and see if things have improved. Lo and behold the only two ships in use are still the junker and the goldfish and all other ships seem to be forgotten. Because game balance is non existant. But the wonderful community of helpful and nice people, are now also gone replaced by salty smack talking idiots.The charm of airship battles never came to fruition due to lack of balancing, leading to you only seeing the same 2 ships in every match duking it out with the same equipment and coming down to the luck of the draw. lots of wasted potential."
,Not Recommended,209080,33577103,Posted: 15 July,all,Bobby Boucher,"The game has a great concept, BUT DO NOT BUY IT.The game is DEAD. Nobody plays it, therefore you will not find a game. I tried searching for a game with 3 other friends, and after 15 minutes had no luck. Even if you get a game by looking through custom matches, there's a high chance you won't be on the same team as your friends.ALSO, if you have no friends this game is not for you.I really liked the idea, i was so ready to play, but i guess a lot of games match their price."
76561198085720825,Recommended,209080,31606167,Posted: 7 May,all,Boosterspice,"Guns of Icarus Online is an amazing game, developed by seriously awesome people!The game itself presents a stunning visual experience, with a steam/dieselpunk look for both the airships and the customes. The Alliance DLC adds to this with several unique-looking factions, each with their own apparel and airships.The gameplay is smooth and intuitive, and presents challenges in both PvP and PvE gameplay. The playbase is friendly and helpful, and play a big role in making the game enjoyable.The developers themselves are truly brilliant people! They are super friendly, dedicated, hardworking, and provide the best customer support of any developer I've encountered.In short, awesome people made a magnificent game, which is worth every penny you can throw at it."
,Recommended,209080,14064000,"Posted: 19 January, 2015",all,Silver Mountain,Titanic Reenacting Simulator 2012
,Recommended,209080,12594728,"Posted: 21 October, 2014",all,xXPuZzYSlaYeRXx [FaZe],"10/10 would be killed by high level again, again, again and again..Soo funthumbs up"
,Recommended,209080,7890041,"Posted: 2 December, 2013",all,Skunk,"Amazing game.. and has so much potential, especially with the successful kickstarter for their ""Adventure Mode.""Guns Of Icarus Online has allowed me to experience some of the most intense moments in multiplayer gaming. Either as the Captain of the ship, barking orders and struggling to out-manuever enemy ships, or as a gunner running from gun position to gun position trying to destroy every part of the enemies vessel. There is a third class, the engineer, who must traverse the ship and frantically repair all pieces that keep you and your crew in the air and alive.At the moment, the game only allows for four players on a ship at once, and you must strategically choose who plays what role. There are also many different buffs for each class that help improve speed or the power if the guns. These buffs are not without their downsides though.I think I've said enough. At the moment, Guns of Icarus Online is $3.74. Pick it up, get the 4 pack if you can, share it with your friends, and enjoy!"
76561198116297355,Recommended,209080,11129070,"Posted: 7 July, 2014",all,Felgrand,"Was driving with my friend Loxadonta and we narrowly avoided a fender bender; I screamed at him ""INCREASE SHIP'S ALTITUDE!!"" 10/GD10!"
76561198085143417,Recommended,209080,21308409,"Posted: 18 February, 2016",all,The Blacksmith,!0/10 Would Buy again
,Recommended,209080,13668165,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,TRELOS NEGROS,Its swag
76561198067927112,Recommended,209080,10111850,"Posted: 14 May, 2014",all,U_STUPID?,WHY THE HELL HAVENT YOU BOUGHT IT YET!?
76561198041109967,Recommended,209080,10111246,"Posted: 14 May, 2014",all,A Man,Great game! MUST BUY!
,Recommended,209080,7817213,"Posted: 28 November, 2013",all,dekapon,"Steampunk, flying ships, and an array of different turrets. What more can I say?"
,Recommended,209080,20266935,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,andyyy185,"Very good fun with friends with a nice community for the most part. The devs get involved and are working hard on the ezxpansion, MTs are cosmetics only, all ships, tools, weapons etc. are all incredibly well-balanced, it's a work of art!10/10 would recommend again"
76561198138778309,Recommended,209080,12441856,"Posted: 10 October, 2014",all,Straggnov,This game is the best I've ever played. There is no video game moment more satisfying than going into a dogfight with ever ship of both teams and dealin' out the pain! 11/10
76561198077023301,Recommended,209080,10184364,"Posted: 20 May, 2014",all,Mytch,Caused me severe rectal dysfunctions. I have a fatal case of bloodied♥♥♥♥♥♥
,Recommended,209080,24894123,"Posted: 13 August, 2016",all,jefe(),"as i see my ship being destroyed..walking towards it and hearing my british teammates screaming 'REPEER DA LEFH ENGINE, DI ARMO IS DO'N REER ET YEW FOOKEN DONK !!!!11' i see that we defeated our enemy with 45 hp left and i hear my british teammates screaming again 'YEAS GOO' GAME MATES I WEL EDD YEW AS FRENDS BEST CREW EVAH!!!'10/10 would get insulted by british teammates"
,Recommended,209080,12788727,"Posted: 4 November, 2014",all,ImUhhCaptainXIV,"Despite the fact there are SOME people who don't like too cooperate and use wrong tools and the wrong time.....I love this game! The community is MOSTLY composed of very good mannered men and like to help out anyone, whomever needs it. The game is absolutely wonderful Airships clashing in the sky, your crew must do whatever it takes to destroy other balloons while trying to maintain your Balloon's integrity. Absolutely amazing mechanics and extraordinary community.10/10 Buy this game while it's on sale.EDIT: Well the russians....you know what I mean."
,Recommended,209080,8276490,"Posted: 25 December, 2013",all,morganlee,THIS GAME... IS WELL WORTH THE MONEY. I bought the Collectors Edition and I can't stop playing... FUN! :D STEAMPUNK AIRSHIPS FOR THE WIIIIIIIIIIIIIIINNNNNNNN! :D
,Recommended,209080,19121549,"Posted: 16 November, 2015",all,Zangston,Hit stuff with wrenches.Shoot stuff with guns.
76561198067769644,Recommended,209080,17902172,"Posted: 5 September, 2015",all,Slendeep,Insanely fun game to play solo or wih frends.
,Recommended,209080,13455794,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,Janivire,A wonderfull new twist on pvp. just one thing. get some freinds to play with. playing with strangers is a exercise in frustration.
,Recommended,209080,10277334,"Posted: 29 May, 2014",all,Don Akatosh,"GOOD G4M3, FLY1NG 1N TH3 SKY 1S 4 BL4ST. FUN TO PL4Y W1TH FR13NDS. SL1GHTLY D4M4G13D ON 4RR1V4L. SM3LLS 4 B1T L1K3 CH33S3. 1T H4S H4TS!!. GOOD F4M1LY FR13NDLY S4T4N1C UND3RTON3S.  23 OUT OF 10."
,Recommended,209080,10199349,"Posted: 22 May, 2014",all,Sashihara,"1 hell of a fun game with friends, little boring alone but if you have a talkative crew, ya fine :)"
,Recommended,209080,13552538,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,Tricky,Metacritic's review is a load of ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t when the game has over 5500 reviews being positive.This game is amazing and Metacritic can suck it.
76561198009684647,Recommended,209080,10257786,"Posted: 27 May, 2014",all,T-Ty X,Guns of Icarus is a phenomenal game. The combat is hectic and intense and the game is fairly balanced. The majority of the community is supportive and overall friendly. Each role is needed and desired and is quite fun to play too. The problems with the game mostly stem from the lack and location of servers but this (beyond the occasional lag) harms the game play. I strongly recommend the title
,Recommended,209080,25385299,"Posted: 6 September, 2016",all,heebarino,"This game is fantastic. The playerbase is a little thin, but hopefully it'll pick up once the DLC drops. Definitely give it a go if you are even remotely interested in steampunk or airships.Pros-Game mechanics promote strong team play, everyone has a role to fill and there's nothing quite like the feeling of everyone doing their part to make sure your airship prevails in combat.Varied airship designs provide a new challenge for every match. Both before the mast, and as enemies to take down.Maps are well thought out, and provide navigational challenges as well as give you plenty of places to ambush.Cons-Graphics are dated, but passable.Not a huge amount of players. Queue times can take a bit long.Not a lot of variation on game modes. This will be fixed with the DLC.overall,worth it /10"
,Recommended,209080,21345596,"Posted: 20 February, 2016",all,あRabbitR,I've found out I'm particularly good at repairing things.
76561198041183368,Recommended,209080,7855224,"Posted: 30 November, 2013",all,Darthalex99,"Just got this game today, ony play 2 matches but they were quite well played. The Community seems good so far and even if you mess up a bit they don't scream into the mic telling you that you are bad.I think this game will provide fun for a nice amount of time :DBuy it!!"
,Recommended,209080,29214267,Posted: 12 January,all,Azorius,"A great, simple to learn, hard to master coop game. Community is rather small but very nice and funny. Buy it NOW!"
,Recommended,209080,9167835,"Posted: 18 February, 2014",all,9S,"Guns of Icarus is a amazing game, i suggest it 100%."
,Recommended,209080,10966539,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,Digivolve,"Very fun and addicting, especially with friends."
,Recommended,209080,33079334,Posted: 1 July,all,-oSo- | csgoblocks.com,great game
,Recommended,209080,10390667,"Posted: 7 June, 2014",all,Biggardo99[55iron3],"Pretty good game, i say you get it :) teaches the fundimentals of teamwork and cooperation, PLUS IT'S ALOT OF FUN!!! XD"
76561198068100535,Recommended,209080,12672957,"Posted: 28 October, 2014",all,jenikrosa,Just go get it. This game should have more players. We need crew for our steampunk airships.
,Recommended,209080,27079648,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Timmy Jimmy,One of the best coop games ever.
,Recommended,209080,29910680,Posted: 13 February,all,iwishiwasonfire,Good Game
,Recommended,209080,29633077,Posted: 1 February,all,Twerk,Cool game to play as long as you have a group of friends to do so with. Textures and ship designs are awesome.
,Recommended,209080,7430060,"Posted: 19 October, 2013",all,Bahuemac,"Fun game. Known modes like team deathmatch or king of the hill, but in an not all-too-common scenario. It offers interesting depths mechanics-wise. Ships with different characteristics and gun layouts, various guns inflicting different damage types on different ship components, crews with varying gear to complement each other or counter hostile crews. Coordination among the own ship's crew (four people) and with other team ships (up to four) can significantly increase one's chances of survival promoting teamwork at any time. Attacking in groups taking down ships with blasting broadsides or evading them - barely at times, but alive with good repairmen, to form up with other ships again and strike back - is tense and just blasting fun.Another good thing: There are ranks/levels, there is gear management and there are microtransactions, but from what I've seen all gear is available to everyone from start (no high ranked people owning your butt with unfair advantages) and the microtransactions thus far relate to cosmetic items only.Whole different modes like a singleplayer and co-op seem to be planned. The developers apparently have lot of faith in the game, as does the communicative fanbase. The developers are very active, open-minded and helpful on the Steam hub. It will be interesting to see where this game goes."
,Recommended,209080,14145105,"Posted: 24 January, 2015",all,Pizza_Plaza,"Hey stop hoging the pilot seat your a gunner not a pilot. ""repair the ship"". no not until you get out of the pilot seat. Ship destroyed"
,Recommended,209080,33110269,Posted: 1 July,all,Jkeesey,My girl is due in a few weeks and I'm gonna name her Guns of Icarus Online
,Recommended,209080,29233849,Posted: 13 January,all,awd327,Love this game. nothing else out there comes anywhere near it!!!
,Recommended,209080,30734317,Posted: 25 March,all,[HGF] Arnasto Uan,"It was an amazing game, loved the mechanics, loved the style, loved playing with friends and shouting 100 BALAS DE PODER GARCI!!!!.There was a player called Binasry Dragon, and we used to play with him. Every time we joined him in a game we said Yo Binasry! he was like our senpai. However, one day we sent the usual Yo Binasry and he reported us. It broke my heart haven't been able to play since then. :(Anyway I strongly recommend this game, and Binasry Dragon if you read this let me say something:Yo Binasry!"
76561198215370784,Recommended,209080,30764368,Posted: 26 March,all,VladAkitara,Its pretty swell
76561198002676059,Recommended,209080,30843429,Posted: 30 March,all,Scott Mcqueen,Great game to play with friends and only 5 euro! Also a great community were the developers even interact in chat or in-game with the players. Every two weeks you ca play against the developers and claim an item if you win! I never saw this in any kind of game community!
,Recommended,209080,14494327,"Posted: 15 February, 2015",all,MagKel,"And they sailed there ship across the blacked waste/A blood thirsty captain and a cut throat crew./Its a darker tale as was ever told/Of a lust for treasure and a love of gold.../Shiver My Timbers, Shiver my sides/Yo Ho He Ho (Hai! Hai!)/There are hungers as strong as winds and storms/Yo Ho He Ho (Hai! Hai!)/And those airmen drowned there sins in rum,/The devil himself would have to call em scum!/Every man on board would have killed his matefor a bag of ginnys or a piece of eight, a piece of eight, a piece of eight/5 6 7 8…/Yo Ho He Ho (Hai! Hai!)Position 54 km NNE of Schyte Pass along the Virgin Route.Altitude 0. Speed 0.The balloon is spread over the ship, Chief is working hard on fixing the feeder but this might be the last time I have the chance of holding a pen, or anything else for what it is worth, in my hand. The Reds sent a squid forward, we know their spire is somewhere on top, looking for a clue. It has been a good flight this far and if I want to give an hint to whoever is going to read this, then I must begin from where I began too.I started as a second engi aboard the pyramideon of Capitan Silentkill: the Sovereign. A fine ship prow to stern doing rounds over the coast. I was assigned front gun deck left, manned an unwieldy and slow mortar with which I shot at a fair amount of clouds. Behind me a damned balloon engine too old for its purpose that whined and caught fire all the time. It was rough, I felt more often than not an idiot but I killed gals and 'fishes and kept the whole shack afloat more often than not. I remember them as the easy times, oh.My Cap't loved it up, close and personal, ramming into opponent and the likes of anything in front of us so that we were quite successful in our trade. Then while we were ashore he dropped below cloud-line and I found myself again spending time at the Lobby, watching my weathered timepiece rise and dive in a circular motion. I had some cash saved up, I wanted more, I took a ship: the crankiest, dustied, smelliest piece of rust ever able to lift, the Good Chance. My Good Chance.A junker in name, smell and look, it is with unabated love that i feel the old deck beneath my feet, the splintery wheel, the sputtering engines devouring any fuel that we fed them and the armor added in the years that now the youngest engi is frantically putting together again. Just like I was then, my engis are today again the life force of the Chance: adrenaline junkies hopping around like squirrels, hammering with no pause to this fragile, beautiful heap of junk we call home. Oh and firing the killing shots. Anything else that comes out of my ship is thanks to her.Chief and Crop don't give me anymore side glances when that demon spawn of our gunner screams above the harrowing noise of machinery to “Lift the clunker dammit!. They don't pause a step anymore when she screams from below deck “gimme a dammit fire arch you poor excuse of a pilot!”. My gunner is my teeth and I like her just the way she is: the meanest, angriest, tobacco-chewing godless assassin I could ever be blessed to have on board, raining machine gun fire on our foes and opening them to a deadly salvo from the deck.We are family, we are happy, we are dangerous and I promise that as soon as we get this balloon up we are going to show that squid up there the color of blood and the taste of defeat.We lift, then. Once again.- Blasted sack...- Silence on deck! 3 o'clock, 20 up, squid. Open fire!- Bring us leveled capclang clang clang clang clang clang clang- almost smoking! Fire main!Shrooow shrooow shroow- Going down!Clang clang clang clang clang clang clang- Leveled dammit! It is dropping- Chute! Chute in 2!- ayeclang clang clang clang clang- this is our chance people!- Captain! Mobula 6 o'clock 60 down!- Aye I see, one at the time Chief!- Main again dammit! Main now!Shrooow shrooow shrooow shroooow shroooow- They resist, still smoking!- eyes on target people- they are going for the cliff- engines engines! Get back my engines!- Fire the bloody main! The bloody main!Shrooow shrooow shrooow shroooow shroooow shroooowBROBROOOOOMMMM- Excellent work crew, clock hard leveled in 5, load lesmok on main- Main busted again!- Hydro in 2! repair main engine!- I either shoot or repair, can't do both!- You do both!- It's sniping at us!- Where is our bloody pyramidion?- In cloud, 5 o'clock level! It is coming behind them!- Son of a gun!- Who-oh! Look at that beauty!- This is no sight seeing tour you heaps of brass and rubber! Fix my damned ship or I'll kick you out from maximum elevation!I love my ship, it has nothing special in its components. No, I love the 'Chance for the people living on it.This is the Captain MagKel of the junker Good Chance.May your skies be clear of flak and your balloon not on fire.We are the Guns of Icarus.Well, I used to be a farmer and I made a living fine/I had a little stretch of land along the Middle Plains/But times got tough, and though I tried, the money wasn't there/The bankers came and took my land and told me, ""Fair is fair""/I looked for every kind of job, the answer always no/""Hire you now?"" they'd always laugh, ""We just let twenty go!"" (Ha ha!)/The Empire, they promised me a measly little sum/But I've got too much pride to end up just another bum/Then I thought, who gives a damn if all the jobs are gone/I'm gonna be a striker on the Anglean! (Arr!){Refrain:}And it's a heave (ho!) hi (ho!), coming from the clouds/Stealing wheat and barley and all the other grains/And it's a ho (hey!) hi (hey!), traders bar yer halls/When you see the Wings of Icarus on Kinforth mighty slopes.."
,Recommended,209080,30645881,Posted: 20 March,all,Fenna,Game acuses me of torrenting.No one fixed the ship.10/10
,Recommended,209080,16189348,"Posted: 4 June, 2015",all,ＲＯＢＢＥＲＴ,10/10 Would rage quit the game.
76561197983160408,Recommended,209080,963338,"Posted: 21 October, 2012",all,Rutleif Breistein,"Awesome game, especially when your entire crew is your friends.Great fun!"
,Recommended,209080,6855189,"Posted: 4 August, 2013",all,cyanisaac,"This game is probably the best I have seen in years. You are a crewmember who works with other people online shoot down other ships. One person can be a captain, one can be a gunnner, one can be a pilot, etc.The game requires extensive teamwork, it is literally not possible to try to win without teaming up. That's part of the fun of this game.The best thing by far is the steampunk style everything in the game. The ambience is amazingly done and I could not thank the developers enough for this.Servers tend to be easy to get to and start, although you'll either not be captain or have lots of AI some of the time.SO GET THIS GAME! (and play with me, we can blow up ships together)"
,Recommended,209080,7046115,"Posted: 5 June, 2013",all,shadowsteel,"Great game and an even greater community. Amazing multi-player combat. If you enjoy teamwork-based play, this THE game for you."
,Recommended,209080,13131758,"Posted: 28 November, 2014",all,General™,HOLY♥♥♥♥♥♥THIS IS THE BEST GAME ON THE FACE OF THE EARTH BUY IT NOW!!!!!!!!!!!!!
,Recommended,209080,12698836,"Posted: 30 October, 2014",all,Sven,Veri fun and you shot odder players! Veri fun indead!
,Recommended,209080,7999758,"Posted: 10 December, 2013",all,Googie,"If AC: Black Flag had a gay baby that could fly, then it would be this game."
,Recommended,209080,11891840,"Posted: 27 August, 2014",all,depressed tizzle,good
,Recommended,209080,10118645,"Posted: 15 May, 2014",all,Jok3rJo3,"Played for quite a few hours now and i am loving it!The game is at a cheap price perfect if you have blown basically all your money (due to a steam sale), it isn't 'pay to win' but does offer a shop with some badass clothing to make your character your own.Overall it is an amazing game which is best played with friends for better team work and enjoyment.(WARNING: IF YOU ARE REVISING YOU SHOULD BUY THIS AND WAIT TILL AFTER EXAMS, IT IS RATHER ADDICTIVE :P"
,Recommended,209080,11045753,"Posted: 3 July, 2014",all,Hedgespoon,I like to consider myself as a pirate who intercepts Amazon Prime Drones when I play this game. 10/10 love it :D
,Recommended,209080,15925167,"Posted: 21 May, 2015",all,E=MC²_Trooper,♥♥♥♥ing awesome
,Recommended,209080,8823047,"Posted: 23 January, 2014",all,TyrefiREEE aka Jody Highroller,It will make you have a creepy love of balloons that can't be provied by any other games...
76561198089953607,Recommended,209080,9678887,"Posted: 30 March, 2014",all,Daddy,"Fun when playing with friends, but gets boring by yourself. I'd suggest if you buy this, make sure you friends have it as well."
,Recommended,209080,12382909,"Posted: 5 October, 2014",all,redshift,"Makes for a great time with some buddies, grab a few copies when it goes on sale."
,Recommended,209080,13727641,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,ulak,"Much teamwork,Such fun,Guns of Icarus Online."
76561198095930617,Recommended,209080,16989253,"Posted: 11 July, 2015",all,Skares,Just another game my friends told me to buy only to have them never play it again
,Recommended,209080,18387692,"Posted: 8 October, 2015",all,十四岁处女没有女友公主,"Guns of Icarus Online is one of the best multiplayer co-op gamesThe game mechanics are incredibly simple, as a new player you can quickly hop into the game after finishing tutorial.If you like playing with friends, this game is a must have. There are 4 people on each ship and there are up to 4 ships in a team, so if you have many friends, the game supports up to 32 players in a match.Friendly CommunityMost of the community is friendly and will help you as a new player. Not-so-pleasant players are not really common.While the community seems relativly small, with 150-400 players online at any given time, it's enough to find people to play with.What you need to keep in mind, is that it's the best to have microphone or at least being able to hear the captain.Protips for quickly finding a game:Select Any size of a map and check all game ModesIf you are in Europe, select both European and American serversUncheck Novice option"
,Recommended,209080,17320597,"Posted: 31 July, 2015",all,SapphireGold,yus gud
,Recommended,209080,17528808,"Posted: 13 August, 2015",all,Jazztune,"buy this. play with friends, eat brownies:BROWNIE LAYER:3/4 cup (1 1/2 sticks) unsalted butter1 1/2 cups bittersweet chocolate chips1 cup granulated white sugar1/2 cup packed light brown sugar4 large eggs1 teaspoon vanilla extract1/2 teaspoon salt1 cup all-purpose flourCOOKIE DOUGH:3/4 cup (1 1/2 sticks) unsalted butter, room temperature or almost melted3/4 cup granulated white sugar3/4 cup packed light brown sugar1/4 teaspoon salt2 tablespoons milk or cream1 1/2 teaspoons vanilla extract or vanilla bean paste1 cup all-purpose flour1 cup miniature chocolate chipsadditional miniature chocolate chips, if desired (to garnish the top)Directions:Prepare the brownie layer-1. Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Spray a 9x9-inch pan with nonstick spray, then line with a strip of parchment paper so that it covers the bottom and comes up two sides of the pan. Spray the parchment with nonstick spray too.2. In a microwave safe bowl (or in the top of a double boiler or pan set on top of a pan of simmering water), microwave in 30 second bursts to melt butter and chocolate chips together until all is melted and smooth. Whisk in the sugars, then whisk in the eggs, vanilla and salt. Sift flour into the bowl and stir that in too. Scrape the brownie batter into the prepared pan. Bake for 25 to 30 minutes, or until the brownie layer is cooked through (toothpick inserted into the center comes out clean). Place the pan of brownies in the refrigerator to speed up the cooling process (or cool at room temperature and add the cookie dough layer later).Prepare the cookie dough layer:3. In a large bowl, use an electric mixer to combine the butter, sugars and salt until soft and creamy (1 to 2 minutes). Mix in the milk and vanilla. Sprinkle in the flour and mix in until combined. Stir in the 1 cup of chocolate chips. Scoop the cookie dough onto the top of the brownies and spread onto the brownie layer. I find that it's easiest to do this if the brownie layer is chilled and firm. Wet your hands or spray them with nonstick spray and pat the cookie dough on top in a even layer. Sprinkle additional chocolate chips on top to create a nicer, visual appearance. For easy, clean cutting, chill the brownies (wrap the brownies with plastic wrap and chill until firm- 1 to 2 hours or up to 2 days).4. Cut the brownies: Run a knife along the sides of the brownie pan and then use the parchment paper to lift the brownies from the pan and onto a cutting board. Slice the brownies with a sharp knife, wiping the knife with a paper towel between cuts. If you'd like all of your slices of brownies to look clean-cut without edges, use the knife to cut the sides of the brownies off before cutting pieces. Keep brownies slices covered and chilled until ready to serve."
,Recommended,209080,8047994,"Posted: 14 December, 2013",all,swimer1,needs rare drops
76561198229465520,Recommended,209080,22905231,"Posted: 10 May, 2016",all,foraker.rvn,"This game is tons of fun! But ther is one problem... I am a level 6 captain right now, and feeling a bit experienced with almost 20 hours of gameplay in, only problem: I am only 11 years old. This game (at certain parts of the day, like when most americans get off work) is full of discrimnation. For example, I had a level 1 gunner on my crew. I say in the voice chat ""Please, don't leave my crew!"" 5 seconds later, he leaves to the other team. He proceeds to say in the chat, ""That kid's voice is ridiculous, he is a cruddy captain."" I argue and try to counter that. He then insults my and my age, and when I counter THAT, he says that I cannot deny fact, and that is why I am a bad captain. Although, I have been told by my helpful crews that my captaining is great... and that that guy was just discriminating my age."
76561197964093048,Recommended,209080,25046598,"Posted: 20 August, 2016",all,Sanctuarine,After alliance open beta I can honestly say it is the best expansion I have ever played. Now onto the workshop so I can support you guys more :)
,Recommended,209080,13838413,"Posted: 4 January, 2015",all,Ave Caesar,"This game gave me some of the most fun I could have in a video game. However, this can really only be achieved when playing with your friends. When playing with random users online, I would start to lose interest very quickly and the game's true redundance shows. Most matches have you doing the same thing over and over until eventually you crash and die. When playing with a friend, it's a lot easier to communicate and therefore not die. It also makes gameplay more interesting, as you can shout orders to each other, and scream in disappointment when your ship inevitably combusts into flames. Each class in the game has a different function, and I felt that once I found a class I liked (engineer), I would stick to this class and continue to build on their loadout. This can be great in an intense game, as everybody is skilled at their class. This can also make matchmaking very difficult (as there can only be one pilot and everybody wants to be it). The maps each have their own atmosphere and obsticles and I find each of them very pretty and well made. You would think that they would be very repetative, but when I'm going through ruins of old ships in Dunes or making my way through the ocean of Water Hazard, the game feels very atmospheric and emersive. Overall, I think this game is worth buying. Even if you won't play it often, it will be fun to come back to once in a while. 3.8/5"
76561198060462552,Recommended,209080,24952496,"Posted: 16 August, 2016",all,Young Buck,"Great game, absolutley love it, BUT it has a dead player base and your lucky to ever get a game, dont get this game if you dont want to wait."
76561198071950314,Recommended,209080,31102063,Posted: 12 April,all,Jamazing01,Pretty fun game for only 5$
,Recommended,209080,23801187,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,TKOdarkshadow,Referral Code Simulator 2016nSE6lQ
,Recommended,209080,28839488,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,PaiNKiLLaH,"This game is so awesome, i dont know why not many ppl dont know about it... <3"
76561197984668685,Recommended,209080,10380562,"Posted: 7 June, 2014",all,deno,"This game had a very good scope.  Do airship battles.  No other company to my knowledge really does a good team battle with all the players being on one shared vehicle.  This game works and other games will look at is as a way to do things.  There are some minor issues here and there, but overall this title is excellent because it opened the door to a new type of play and it honestly works fairly well.  The devs are also very responsive to the community, and i am excited to see where this game ends up."
76561197993418139,Recommended,209080,1457230,"Posted: 1 January, 2013",all,Accualy is Gooby,"Airships battles in a steampunk setting and a focus on coordinated teamwork. Does that sound interesting? Well let me tell you more.There are 3 character classes, pilot, gunner and engineer, each which a primary role. Respectively: steering the ship, manning the guns, and repairing damaged parts. Now, when you start playing a match, you can't switch classes anymore (for obvious balancing reasons), but fortunately you get the option to multitask. You can freely run around the ships while you fly and are not stuck doing the same thing every time. If there's no need for repairing, an engineer can for instance quickly man a gun. Each class gets to choose 3 skills or tools for its own specialization, and one for the other two types. For instance, when being an engineer, you can pick 3 engineer perks, one gunner perk and one pilot perk. That way you're never completely useless taking over another role briefly, something which I really like. Now let's talk about the ships, seeing as they're the stars of this game. Each vessel is customizable to a certain degree. There a 6 different types of ship you can choose from. They range from quick but frail to sturdy but sluggish and several variations in between. They're all layed out differently as well, forcing you to learn the pro's and cons and how to get around on each one if you want to get good at the game. This isn't just important for defensive purposes like knowing the best route around the ship to get to a damaged part, but also to know what to aim for as a gunner, and what to steer clear from as a pilot. The goldfish for instance has its heaviest gun on the front. So you have to either try and stay at its side or be able to decommission the main cannon to stay out of harm's way. That brings me to the ship customization. There are a fixed number of weapon slots on each ship, predetermined for heavy or lighter gun types. While you can't just put any heavy cannon randomly on your ship, you do get to choose between various different guns for each slot.A fun setup for instance, is getting a lighter ship and having a heavy lumberjack cannon on the front, which does extra damage to balloons and also put some flamethrowers on the side. That way you can swoop in, cripple your enemy's vessel by forcing them into a descend, and then turn up above and around them and burn the ever living hell out of their ship. This will set their equipment on fire so any repairs are hampered, forcing them to keep plummeting and smash into the ground underneath! This is especially handy to take down the very sturdy but sluggish galleon type ship, as their main guns are on the lower sides and they would have a hard time aiming upwards at you while you burn them. It is well balanced however. This approach isn't going to be that effective when you take on more agile ships.I do have some very minor gripes with the game. It tends to crash to desktop every so often. However, the loading times are incredibly short and there's even a quick re-join button on the main menu that gets you right back into the match. If you crash it might literally only take 30 seconds to get back to your crew. Another thing is that the spawning might get a little glitchy for a few seconds, graphically. I think it has to do with the way the game loads. I've had the odd ship part glitching out too, but nothing too terrible. Actually, I've encountered very few game-breaking bugs overall.The developers also promised to keep adding more content in the future and up 'till now, they've definitely kept their promises. You can also often see them online in the regional chat in the main lobby, actively conversing with the players. Concluding: I definitely recommend this one!"
76561198084807222,Recommended,209080,18865756,"Posted: 3 November, 2015",all,T4T3R_GR3NAD3R,Fell off ship. 10/10
,Recommended,209080,18865716,"Posted: 3 November, 2015",all,Legit1261,really mlg game
,Recommended,209080,18869581,"Posted: 3 November, 2015",all,TheGPUGeneral,"This game is awesome! There is nothing better than soaring through the skies and shooting down enemy gunships. And what makes it all sweeter is when an entire ship of four or even more (when playing over multiple ships) all work together. It is awesome! Even when playing on your own with people matches from the Internet, it is very enjoyable. The devs have done an awesome job with this game!"
76561198101958238,Recommended,209080,18863688,"Posted: 3 November, 2015",all,Dicksie the Pixie,Great team working game wear team work and comunication are key
,Recommended,209080,18863954,"Posted: 3 November, 2015",all,Vaelkyrie,"It's a pretty fun steampunk team shooter game. It's one of a kind, really."
,Recommended,209080,7890416,"Posted: 2 December, 2013",all,[+] AmbiguousCase,"Guns of Icarus online is....ok.  Graphics are good and all (Probably spelt that wrong)  but I don't see it worth 20 bucks.  I reccomend you getting it now while the sale is going if you want it.Why I think ''it's ok?''  Well because like the only thing you really do in it is just shooting down those ballons, which isn't really fun for a guy like me.  If you could like board enemy ballons and stuff like pirates I be all over it.I rate this 6/10."
,Recommended,209080,12767735,"Posted: 3 November, 2014",all,Fast Eddie Mcklintock,"64/100 is BS, seriously.  This game is dope.  85/100.  Even higher if the game evolves the right way."
76561198040974326,Recommended,209080,10193482,"Posted: 21 May, 2014",all,Spooky Holiday Woman,"Yes, the combat is heavy with teamwork, high speed cordination and a little luck. It makes for the best ♥♥♥♥ing multiplayer game ive played since TF2"
,Recommended,209080,7889786,"Posted: 2 December, 2013",all,SteeScribbles,"BALLOON FIGHTSBash things with wrenches to repair them.Shoot things and then missComplain about your other team repeatedly, or not.This is a team deal. If you mess up, you're done.You will be an outcast, rebranded a degenerate for days to come.10.0/10(CHEAP AS BALLS AT THE MOMENT LADS)"
,Recommended,209080,16344452,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,Mr. In-Between,"I Made A Boat Called ''Free Explosives''It Had Nothing But Mortars And Rocket Launchers,I Have Yet To Lose A Game With It,10/10Would Repair Hull Again."
,Recommended,209080,16139780,"Posted: 2 June, 2015",all,Debby Saurus,Super fun to play and extremely addicting.Generally a mature and nice playerbase too.
,Recommended,209080,30000378,Posted: 17 February,all,PixelSpark,Captian: Whats our damage like?!Engineer: EVERYTHINGS ON FIRE!!10/10 would extinguish again
,Recommended,209080,15874214,"Posted: 17 May, 2015",all,Unspeakable Mediocrity,"Wonderful game, highly recommend it to anyone who wants a fun game.  Fluid gameplay, easy to learn controls, diverse classes."
76561197990517667,Recommended,209080,15874935,"Posted: 17 May, 2015",all,ugugugu191,I luv this game.
,Recommended,209080,15874312,"Posted: 17 May, 2015",all,Howler DropTank,Wow... All i have to say is that this game is outstanding in everything. you will not be bored at all. lol you don't get the chance.
,Recommended,209080,7838131,"Posted: 29 November, 2013",all,leovic,"One of the finest team focused games out right now.The game basically lets you fly around in steampunk style airships manned by players (a.i. fills up slots if no players) and blast other people's ships. But the game has just the common multiplayer modes like CTF and team deathmatch. And the maps do get tiresome after couple of matches. However, the game is absolutely fantastic since you get to blow up airships through some good old teamwork.Another thing is that since it's team focused it can be like DotA and League of Legends where the community can be toxic. Although, the fairly large size of the community does help in flushing out the rude. Yet you'll be waiting in a lobby for far too long.One last thing is that the game is multiplayer only as of posting this recommendation. But sometime in 2014 the devs will add a co-op mode where you play through a normal singleplayer campaign. Oh, they also promised airplanes so maybe steampunk carriers?"
,Not Recommended,209080,29132333,Posted: 8 January,all,Voldy,"Is the game fun? Ehhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh.....The game just does not have a grip on me. In one hour, i only had one WOW! moment, shooting down a ship. After a while, i do see it getting boring.By no means is this a bad game, its just not that intresting to me, it has no ""THIS IS WHY YOU NEED TO PLAY OUR GAME"""
,Recommended,209080,25580788,"Posted: 18 September, 2016",all,Communist Barney,Game is very well polished and really fun. Its only letdown is the community. You can sometimes spend up to five minutes or more waiting in a lobby for the match to start. And the matches are usually only about five minutes. If this game had a bigger playerbase then I would be on it a lot more. Still over all  its a really good game.
,Recommended,209080,16723896,"Posted: 26 June, 2015",all,INFINITΞ,easy to controlgood graphicchanging gameplay
,Recommended,209080,16352499,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,Anwar,OH MY SAINT LORD I SHOOT THEY SCREAM WE WIN THEY DIE.best game eu
,Recommended,209080,17164266,"Posted: 21 July, 2015",all,Lt. Dan,Possibly one of the best looking and most enjoyable multiplayer games ive ever played.
,Recommended,209080,14492608,"Posted: 15 February, 2015",all,Djnightfires,If Leonardo Da Vinci was a rich evil mastermind this game sums it up pretty well.
,Recommended,209080,14784764,"Posted: 7 March, 2015",all,Siege Darkaxe,This is a crazy fun game to play with friends... especially with skype :)
,Recommended,209080,15071041,"Posted: 26 March, 2015",all,Angus ya dig,Quite a fun game and well worth the 15 bucks.  Get yourself a good crew and have a rip roaring time.
76561198055341000,Recommended,209080,16200648,"Posted: 5 June, 2015",all,Spirovsky,"10/10, it's one of the best and most innovative games I've ever played:Pros:-Variance: multiple ships with multiple loadouts and stats combined with multiple ammo choices and mulitple play styles means each playthrough will have a different dynamic-Satisfying gameplay: Firing a gatling gun or rocket launcher at an airship, what's not to love about that?-Emphasis on teamwork: you either work together or die repeatedly-Immersive matches: the constant demand of following orders, repairing this or shooting that will always keep you busy-Impressive visual style: steampunk airships flying over vast deserts or icy fjords or across brilliant sunsets makes the game very appealing to the eyeCons:-Baptism by fire: tutorial is a bit too brief and offline mode doesn't really prepare new players too much so a lot of the learning is from straightforward trial and error. However, community is good so there is always someone willing to lend a hand or give adviceAll in all, a spectacular game"
76561197981763431,Recommended,209080,16342945,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,Aesynil,"Quite honestly one of my favorite games.  Best played with friends, and tremendously enjoyable.  I buy 1-2 copies every Steam sale so that I can give them away to new friends.  All of my current friends already own a copy, and have many hours logged in the game. (If you're my friend and DON'T own it...That means I hate you.  I'm sorry :(  Also, come play, I have an extra copy I can give to you!)"
,Recommended,209080,16261336,"Posted: 8 June, 2015",all,Cheka,This game is underplayed and deserves a much larger community.  With more support this game could accomplish incredible things.
,Recommended,209080,16410790,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,suru,"This is a great co-operative game, where everyone lives or dies together, negating the problem of where one really good player can dominate and cover up all the weaknesses of the other crew. It's like an FPS version of Spaceteam! A lot of fun."
76561198083669425,Recommended,209080,15962112,"Posted: 23 May, 2015",all,Infused_Phantom,"It is hard to give a review on a primarily multiplayer game, as different days will bring different things. So I decided to make this review based on me who just got the game a few weeks ago. Guns of Icarus Online is a steampunk-themed turret defense indie game (yes, that is what it is) where you and 3 other players pilot a zeppelin and fly through beautiful maps and shoot everything that isn't on your team down to the depths of hell. Guns of Icarus Online's massive encounters between teams of two to four zeppelin airships play out across sprawling open-air arenas. Though it is limited to only a handful of different map locations, the mix of post-apocalyptic debris-filled deserts, windy mountaintops, foggy islands, and ocean side vistas are visually stunning battlegrounds, which I myself wouldn’t mind dying in. There are 3 different classes for players to choose from; the pilot: the person in charge of flying and controlling the zeppelin, the gunner: the person in charge of blowing up other zeppelins with a lovely selection of different ammo types, and finally the engineer: the person in charge of fixing everything that the enemy zeppelins broke. Each of these 3 classes on their own would not survive more than a minute in the game, but if you put them all together and communicate with each other, you will be a force to be reckoned with. There is also a large amount of satisfaction that comes from destroying a stronger zeppelin with your zeppelin held together by Duck tape and loose bits of wire.The captain is not only the person who fly’s the zeppelin, he also can customise the airship, changing where weapons like Flamethrowers, Miniguns and Heavy Rocket launchers will be, what the ship looks like, the name of the airship and what class of zeppelin you will be on, whether it be the gun hogging Mobula, or the highly manoeuvrable Spire, every captain and crew will have a ship they prefer to use. There is a challenge with the game where each zeppelin has a different layout to the last, so with one ship you may have to climb some scaffold to get to a gun emplacement, and on another one all the guns are on the same level.One thing I would like to address is the Micro payments, I believe that Guns of Icarus does them well, the only things you can buy with real money are cosmetic items, you cannot buy the most OP ship in the game so you get no advantage over other players (except that they may forget to shoot at you when they see your majestic pink zeppelin charging at them)While Guns of Icarus Online does a tremendous job of capturing the excitement of crewing an airship in explosive combat high above the clouds, its rough edges add up to make it feel like a work-in-progress more than a finished game. Visual bugs and glitches abound; you'll fall through the ship floor at times, spawn inside other players and solid elements, and get caught floating in midair as you ship sails away when matches end. These awkward moments are jarring, given how beautiful and polished the game looks otherwise.I personally give Guns of Icarus Online a score of 8 out of 10. Although it is a solid game, there is still much room for improvement. But all bugs and glitches aside, it is an amazing multiplayer game and is incredibly fun if you have a group of 3 friends in a conversation and are communicating with each other. I would defiantly recommend Guns of Icarus Online to anyone who likes a multiplayer shooter, or just likes to shoot stuff in general."
,Recommended,209080,16347888,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,Fagrid,"This is a very fun and intense game. Whether you are a Captain, Gunner or Engineer you will enjoy this game. 2 hours past in the blink of an eye! I would recomend it to any gamer, expierienced or new."
76561198010770529,Recommended,209080,16356837,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,FinalPaladin,"Awesome game, best played with your online buddiesEpic airship battles!!!Can't wit for adventure mode"
76561198034730677,Recommended,209080,16417394,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,Avatars Lord,"With the voice chat option, best team game ever!If you want to play a game with friends, buy this."
,Recommended,209080,15015020,"Posted: 22 March, 2015",all,カルタ,"This game is amazing, it relies heavly on a well functioning team. Almost every player I've played with so far has been a good teammate which makes the game very enjoyable. This game's comunity helps make random matchmaking games be enjoyable without having to pre-assemble a team of friends. This game itself is very fun with 3 classes with different abilities that allow the members of each crew to keep the airship flying and take down the enemy team."
,Recommended,209080,15662086,"Posted: 2 May, 2015",all,thatguy32204,One of he freshest most intricate game experiences I've ever had. The calm before the storm and andrenaline rush as the battle begins is so addicting. The culture that has developed in this game is unlike any other. I am absoluetely certain that as this game is brought to it's full potential with adventure mode it will become a mainstay for COOP players. I heartily reccomend this game to high level strategists and first person run and gunners alike. This game has something to offer everyone.
,Recommended,209080,15989813,"Posted: 24 May, 2015",all,Polish Girl From Iceland Stream,It's really fun with friends.
76561198087122374,Recommended,209080,15871465,"Posted: 17 May, 2015",all,Rip_McGill,"When I first checked out the game, I wasn't sure it would be all I've heard it was. But just after 3 hours of gameplay I'm all but in love with this game. The amount of strategy and communication needed just to play takes co-op gaming to a new level far beyond any game has gotten to recently."
76561198073882789,Recommended,209080,15899039,"Posted: 19 May, 2015",all,keelson,Nachos....
,Recommended,209080,16435276,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,CICADA3301,wont run on my laptop ... u_u looks like a pretty good game tho ... :P
,Recommended,209080,15917838,"Posted: 20 May, 2015",all,Rob.,Dayum.
76561198135462418,Recommended,209080,16350810,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,TimoJr,Best Game EVER!!!!
76561198053081936,Recommended,209080,16356909,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,Weeaboo Jones,"This game is extremely unique, and considering there is no other game like it, it's amazingly well fleshed out. The game consists of 3 classes, the gunner, the pilot, and the engineer. They have 3 fairly obvious and simple jobs, so by yourself it can be boring. I bought the 4-pack and gave it to my friends, and it has provided plenty of fun with all the communication with things like ""fire the portside rockets"" and ""the U.S.S ♥♥♥♥boy is at 270 degrees""."
76561198040417585,Recommended,209080,14746448,"Posted: 5 March, 2015",all,Gengis,IF you like multiplayer pvp that ACTUALLY REQUIRES TEAMWORK this is you. LOVE THIS GAME.
,Recommended,209080,15772877,"Posted: 10 May, 2015",all,Banana-Man6,"great game, no friends to play with"
,Recommended,209080,15907758,"Posted: 19 May, 2015",all,Jeb,"I mainly talk about the ships in this review, as that is what I spend most of my time doing. Sorry if you wanted a review about how engis or gunners workI've got the game fairly recently, but I can recommend this game.It's graphics might be bad, it may have micro-transactions, and it's controls could be considered odd, but it's an amazing game.Let's start with my first point. The graphics.They're not the best, but they don't matter as much. The character models look like they're from 2006, but the attention to detail in and on the ships makes up for that. Also, workshop support. They've taken a TF2 styled approach in that you make the meshes, and apply them to the character, then you post it on the workshop to be voted on. Overall, though I don't think graphics are all that important, especially to this game. (Also, the AIs look like they're wearing hazmat suits :)My second point.Micro-transactions. You don't need to do them. It's all purely cosmetic, though I did buy some stuff to support the devs :). Also, (so I've heard), most of the items can be earned by playing the game.Ship control.It's floaty. But it should be. It's an airship. All the airship controls take time. Turning is slow, and you don't stop immediately. Changing altitude takes quite a bit of time to get going, and it's a few seconds before you stop ascending/descending. Moving forwards and back(using r and f to change your speed, AC4 style)takes a decent chunk of time, and on stop you have to wait to stop. All this makes ship battles more intense and fun. It feels good, and it's realistic. Even some of the weapons can push you around, forcing you to think on your feet. If a high explosive shell detonates right off the bow, you're going to move backwards. If an engine, or your balloon gets taken out, you have to compensate while your engineers fix stuff.Some stuff I can't categorise.Weapon and ship selection. It's fairly limited as of right now, but it's not as important either. It also adds a bit of balance. There's around 6 ships and 10 guns, all of which are balanced perfectly.Maps. I've only seen about 3, though I haven't played for very long. Either way, the map doesn't matter as much, though it does add some intensity if you have to chase someone through a canyon, as opposed to a showdown in an open plain.Character Customisation. There's not much. It's male, or female, eye and skin colour, scars, and whatever cosmetics you have.This has been my review of Guns of Icarus on steam. I hope it was helpful :)"
,Recommended,209080,15912402,"Posted: 20 May, 2015",all,MrDrMedic Lloyd,A great game requires a crew of 4 to beat other airships. If you want to play as the captain of the ship I recommend having a microphone set up.
76561198031440649,Recommended,209080,15935922,"Posted: 21 May, 2015",all,Cunden,"It's a great simplistic game with the ability to have fun with friends. It's worth every cent for the most part!I got it at 3.49 and I feel I have stolen something, if you see this on sale, I encourage you to get it! If it's not on sale, its still a great buy!8.5/10"
,Recommended,209080,16350160,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,trash,Screaming for 20 mins while we have little to no hp and almost everything broken during 1 match. Intense as hell. 10/10
,Recommended,209080,15747266,"Posted: 8 May, 2015",all,Karmaniac,I really like the cooperation needed in this game. You always need to be coordinated and well prepared or you will be destroyed. Thumbs Up...
76561198091617101,Recommended,209080,17152763,"Posted: 21 July, 2015",all,HaggisPK,"some say that not that many people play this game. I can agree that this doesnt have anyhting near the numbers Planetside 2 had when it was in its heyday; but I digress. The smaller community lets you get to know people, you will play a game then 3 to 4 games later youll come across the same ship you fought with but now they are against you! And after 2 to 3 weeks youll get online and see someone you havent played with in a while. Then you meet like you were old friends.GoIO fulfills your dreams of taking to the skies in your very own airship with 3 of your friends. Shouting out like its the 20s and its the biggest boxing match of the season (seee?!)! With the strategy of a chess match, and the teamwork of professional foot ball (both kinds), you and 3 friends on one ship, on a team of 2-4 other airships, facing off another 2-4 airships; trying to see who will be the ones saying ""You cant take the sky from me!"". This game brings it all to the table.so come on in! spread those wings and see if you can soar! With the help of a good engineer or two backing you up ;)"
,Recommended,209080,16934439,"Posted: 7 July, 2015",all,Adm. Eric the Defiant,I'm giving this game 10/10
,Recommended,209080,16005500,"Posted: 25 May, 2015",all,WillHellmm,I LOVE this game. 10/10 4/4 llama/llama you get the deal. FANTASTIC!
,Recommended,209080,3577269,"Posted: 27 July, 2013",all,finalfunk,"This game is amazing. It feel more like an airship battle simulator than a game. And trust me, that's a compliment. Everything about this game is so spot on, but most of all: the 'feel' of piloting an airship into battle. Highly recommended."
76561197975431957,Recommended,209080,14471616,"Posted: 14 February, 2015",all,Dr.Overkill,being an airship capitain is just great
,Recommended,209080,14514810,"Posted: 17 February, 2015",all,Baby Koala,"Oh my god this is amazing, especially when playing with friends. It's not so fun without friends, and it can be extremely frustrating when you lose because people refuse to use voicechat.I spread the news about this game and bought a fourpack when the game was on sale, and around 6 of my friends have it right now, so I enjoy the game. For someone playing it without friends I can see it being very frustrating.The satisfaction you get from destroying an enemy ship as a team is unlike any satisfaction I've felt in a video game before. I can't wait to see where this game goes and how much better it gets."
,Recommended,209080,14993648,"Posted: 21 March, 2015",all,Rollaroaster97,"I have been hesitant to make a review for this masterpiece of a game. There's so much I could say about this game, but the list would go on, I want to make this brief and to the point.Here are some of the best qualities of Guns of Icarus Online:- Great graphics- Community is the nicest I've ever seen- The teamwork aspect of the game- Steampunk genre (personal preference)- The soundtrack is just awesomeThis game is just overall a pleasure to play with friends. The only con I have with this game is a few bugs, but they don't really interfere with the gameplay. My only wish is that more people could play this beautiful game.Guns of Icarus Online is absolutely worth the money, grab yourself a copy and join us in the skies!(Side note: This has nothing to do with the game, but the devs are amazing people who really care about their fanbase. You should watch one of their livestreams, they are very friendly to talk with.)"
76561198047510535,Recommended,209080,15026893,"Posted: 23 March, 2015",all,HulaTroopa,I have found the in-game comunity to be one of the best that i have ever experienced in a PC game. And the gameplay to be enthralling and unique. A truly great game.
,Recommended,209080,16206170,"Posted: 5 June, 2015",all,Twinkie D-Lite,"I played it once or twice, its alright."
,Recommended,209080,7842881,"Posted: 30 November, 2013",all,TheG481,"A really good game, the only problem is the community. While the gameplay is a good 8/10 the community is what makes it a 6,5/10. There arent that many people who play this game, so expect some waiting. After you have found a match you meet the next problem: Communication. 35% of the people use their microphones which is a low amount and communication is the key in winning.Its such a shame that there arent that many people playing. It has been on sale a lot and this game is soooooo worth it for 4 euros. Because of the low amount of players id recommend buying the 4pack (on sale = 7,81 euros), which is just the price of 2 copys. Split the money and its 2 euros for the game! + you have a good team and communication!In short: Buy a 4 pack when on sale (66% off), split the money with friends and play together. If you don't have any friends who like it i wouldnt recommend buying it."
,Not Recommended,209080,25025547,"Posted: 19 August, 2016",all,egoat08,I like the game but there are so few people playing it that it's really rare to have a full match
76561198039411487,Recommended,209080,31085162,Posted: 11 April,all,(59th) Teezzsh,An amazing set of people a great set of three classes and many ships some beautiful music and alot of expolions a great game all round
76561198329984979,Recommended,209080,31170358,Posted: 15 April,all,TheGreatAsian,"Amazing, sparks my childhood dream of flying on an airship into battle. Though there should be more single player componenets because I sometimes wait hours to play a short match, totally recommend!"
,Recommended,209080,8180700,"Posted: 21 December, 2013",all,Elrond Hubbard,It's the Teets.
76561198069880095,Recommended,209080,28874062,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,Frudo,Game is really funny . Even if you play with random players . It is just better with friends it will be funny for longer time .
,Recommended,209080,28534613,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,RazzBerryCloud,"A great game with an unfourtnately low playerbase and I think it has something to do with how important team play is. An uncordinated crew can ruin the game (the in game voice coms are really good though). However there is something special in go into a match with your friends and completely dominate because of your teamwork. For those who is worrying about finding games you are completely right, sometimes it is hard to find matches and the matchmaking can be real wierd. I hope however the playerbase will increase when Allience mode comes out."
,Recommended,209080,13495758,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,Dawson,"♥♥♥♥ing sick, play with friends."
,Recommended,209080,11952289,"Posted: 1 September, 2014",all,cunt,I jumped off a ship when my shipmates needed me.
,Recommended,209080,9087303,"Posted: 13 February, 2014",all,'Atlas',"Immersive graphics and audio grabs you while getting into the middle of a steam-punk ship battle. The teamplay is unique with the voicechat and the different chat-rooms.However, in this game, you need more than big cannons on your ship. It requires a great crew, with much experience, a team, that you can play with to be the victorious one on the battlefield. In order to be it, first choose one of the ships, that fits your crew, get on the board of a juggernaught or a swifty one, face-to-face your target, or flank them and make a suprise attack, and destroy the weak parts.But remember, always try to keep your ship in the best condition, during the gunfight, that can help you a lot."
,Recommended,209080,31228023,Posted: 18 April,all,DerangedOctopus,Fun if you have some people to play it with.
,Recommended,209080,28779744,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,you're welcome,it is fun
76561198144017799,Recommended,209080,28152180,"Posted: 2 December, 2016",all,Gizmomanic,"There is one word to describe this game: Outstanding.Guns of Icarus is one of the best games I have ever played.I like the idea, and I like the execution of the gameplay. No one man can do everything in this game. Teamwork and Cooperation are the most important things in playing Icarus Online. No one person goes at anything alone, and everyone has to rely on each other to get things done. Their customization and class system is just beautiful, and I really wish to see the population of Guns of Icarus Online grow, as well as the stability of the friendly community. Totally worth playing!"
76561198101528346,Recommended,209080,10937701,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,ToodayAnalyze,flying ships shooting at eachother?! besst game evarrr 10/10
76561197992511573,Recommended,209080,31644304,Posted: 9 May,all,Mr Snuggles,"I really enjoyed playing the original (PVP) version of the game and the new Alliance expansion is GREAT!   New guns, new reasons to play, not having to wait in a queue.  Such a good game.   There is nothing quite like it and it is one of our group's favorite multi-player games."
,Recommended,209080,8229890,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,joysadness,"In Guns Of Icarus online, you can cooperate with friends or the wider communiy to command and fight with large zepplin like air ships over a destroyed and forgotten landscape. Aside from a few bugs such as not seeing what you are holding or spontaneously falling off the ship, it is all together a great game."
76561198088490086,Recommended,209080,8322204,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,TheFSM,"Really awesome game. While on first look repairing bits of a ship may seem a little dull there is just so much more to this game, and it becomes so much fun when you are able to hook up with a good crew and have fun. The community in this game is fantastic as well, experienced people always willing to help out new players. Its even fun when you are losing!"
,Recommended,209080,18723346,"Posted: 28 October, 2015",all,Gandalf The Badass Wizard,I love games about teamwork !
,Recommended,209080,10138361,"Posted: 16 May, 2014",all,Hattemageren,"I will just say this is the game of my dreams. It has airships, it is steampunkstyle. Simply the best game i have ever played in my life.10.000/10 -Snowflake"
,Recommended,209080,10943276,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,apelstaart,"A game you have to play as a team, without great teamwork you'r not gonna come far."
,Recommended,209080,30497554,Posted: 13 March,all,negrito,"don't believe anyone who says this game is deadpeople just need to have more patience and not expect to join an online game in 10 seconds, attention span of about 5secsit's a fun game"
,Recommended,209080,8171002,"Posted: 21 December, 2013",all,ron liason,"SHOOTY SHOOTY SHIPS GO BOOM BOOM. CAPTAIN SAY ""RAM"" AND DO A RAM BOOM EXPLODEY ON ROCK! VERY GOOD EXPERIENCE FOR GENERAL SPACE PIRATE ENTHUSIASTS XOXO - THE OVER ENTHUSIASTIC GRAMMARLESS REVIEWER"
,Recommended,209080,32214024,Posted: 5 June,all,RIP Everything,Good game
,Not Recommended,209080,33764950,Posted: 24 July,all,Apu,The idea that the game is based on is super good but there is not much of players in the game and I think it might be because people get bored after playing a couple of games.
,Recommended,209080,25391827,"Posted: 6 September, 2016",all,rybcat,comprehensive review of guns of icarus onlinegreat community. great cosmetics. too many pirates!!! :)
,Not Recommended,209080,22142938,"Posted: 30 March, 2016",all,"Nolon, thy Devourer ov Eternity","Potentially a good game, but I'll never get to play it because nobody else does."
76561198006106262,Not Recommended,209080,17865505,"Posted: 3 September, 2015",all,BlackenedPies,"""Guns of Icarus has become my favorite online game. You're part of a 4 man crew on a ship with a selection of guns and your choice of tools and ammo. The game relies heavily on teamwork and communication as well as knowledge and skill. It's not complicated but there's plenty of learning with players always happy to help. If you have any questions ask on the forumhttps://gunsoficarus.com/community/forum""I had to change my review due to the state of the game. I stopped playing after repeated balance mistakes and the complete disregard of player input. To be frank, the management is foolish and Eric Chung, ""The Hand of Balance"", is a scumbag. The game has died since the release of 1.4.5 with the lowest population in more than two years. We did all we could and Muse only has themselves to blameI've seen too many players try and never come back. Unless you have friends who play, do not buy this game. I have a gift copy so PM if you're interested and don't want to waste your money"
76561198007163911,Recommended,209080,29024563,Posted: 4 January,all,Peenarse,"This has been in my wishlist for a long time, while I've waited for it to go on sale.The reason I waited so long was because to be honest, i was expecting it to be a disappointment - a game I would really WANT to like because of the idea, but that in reality would probably be sustained only by my stubborn determination to enjoy it. I was SO wrong.It has exceeded my expectations in pretty much all fronts. I won't lie - it's not a gentle beast... teamwork is everything. A lack of teamwork - no matter how skilled the individuals - WILL get you shot down! Obviously this can be a double-edged sword: if you are playing with randoms who you don't know, there is the risk of getting someone on your crew who wants to do their own thing. Fortunately, thus far this has been remarkably rare and the community as a whole seem to be a consistently friendly bunch who enjoy working together.While there is a ""level"" system of sorts, it doesn't actually make any statistical difference to your character. A level 40 pilot has no mechanical advantage over a level 4 pilot, or gunner, or engineer... I'm actually unsure what purpose it does serve, other than perhapse to give a sense of progression along with some cosmetic unlocks along the way.Regardless. My only regret in buying this game is that I waited so long for there to be a sail. Having now played it I would joyfully pay the full price for it - and even then I'd call that an extremely good deal. You get a lot more for your money than you do with most games of this price range. A lot more.Buy the game. BUY IT. And if you find yourself facing off against an ugly little ship I've named the ""Lamprey"" then be warned: It is crewed by noobs. But we are WELL-COORDINATED NOOBS!*EDIT*I should probably add that while the basic game principles are pretty easy to learn (how to repair stuff, shoot things, fly ships etc) getting an actual working knowledge of game mechanics (things like ammo types, weapon damage types, crew loadouts etc) takes a little more time and a bit of patience. Trial and error goes a long way, but just ask the community in global chat. It's a really noob-friendly place (i was really surprised!) and there is always at least one person ready to give you some pointers. Jump on board with a more experienced crew and you'll quickly learn the ropes.My ONE criticism is the menu layout, its a bit clunky and confusing to navigate, and it can take a while sometimes to find players if you are creating a large battle from scratch. Nothing a little patience wont solve, and its worth the wait. But yeah, don't be put off by that stuff. BUY IT!"
76561198131865902,Recommended,209080,25601491,"Posted: 20 September, 2016",all,Tomas,this is a fun game to play i say its worth buying but it has some learning cerw to it but i say its good and worth it because the people who play it are nice and will help even if your lost or dont know what you are doing. But also battles can last for a long time just a warning :D
76561198059782377,Recommended,209080,23230159,"Posted: 27 May, 2016",all,ArcticSpartan117,Love it!
,Recommended,209080,9401943,"Posted: 9 March, 2014",all,SK1LLC4P,"Guns of Icarus is a creative, fun game, that requires teamwork and a good internet connection."
,Recommended,209080,23046435,"Posted: 17 May, 2016",all,Kashitomotate,Bought this game for my frietnds and I. We rushed the Tutorials. Went into a practice match. Started flying backwards pressed the keys to cath us on fire everyone was screaming 7/11 is an inside job. This game is fun as hell.
76561198199546713,Recommended,209080,23084072,"Posted: 19 May, 2016",all,sanju,Very good game   I recommend this ........ 10/10
76561197977112180,Recommended,209080,32975634,Posted: 28 June,all,.:ẀČ:. ĒăğlëŤălðŋ TR,"Cool game idea, still getting the hang of it. Success very dependent on team"
,Recommended,209080,13906879,"Posted: 9 January, 2015",all,Jacki Jackman,the perfect game!!!
,Recommended,209080,20140250,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,Draktok,yeah it's nice
,Recommended,209080,24486604,"Posted: 23 July, 2016",all,Captain Daddy,Wandered outside the map for 2 hours and then got yelled at for not being able to be found and I couldnt tell them where I was because I was stuck outside the map9/11
76561198188680789,Recommended,209080,16226682,"Posted: 6 June, 2015",all,PegLegJim,"I've never had this much fun in a multiplayer game. It requires quick strategy and even quicker reflexes.  This is a must own for fans of steampunk, pirates, air battles, and teamwork. A mic is not required, but it goes a very very long way."
,Recommended,209080,23033740,"Posted: 17 May, 2016",all,Bamberooni,Pure jolly cooperation. What's not to love?
,Recommended,209080,35232208,Posted: 26 September,all,MunGhost,This game is good. it requires some strategy. all classes are fun to play. the dlc makes it way better. i got the dlc for $12 when it came out and the game for $15 i think.
,Recommended,209080,35221631,Posted: 26 September,all,Lujke,This game really promotes good communication between teammates which is the key to winning each match.
,Recommended,209080,35231575,Posted: 26 September,all,Cousin Nesbitt,"This is an insanely fun game!!  It is a great team based game, and it turns the tables on most naval combat games, instead of controlling the entire ship directly, you have 3 classes, the captain (pilot), the engineer, and the gunner.  Each class must complete a different task to fly the ship and to attack the other airships.  Pilots fly the ship and give commands, the engineers repair and buff guns, armor and equipment, and the gunners, well, man the guns.  I HIGHLY RECOMMEND THIS GAME!   I find it sad that so few people play it regularly, and that makes it hard to play, and it takes forever to queue into a match, but the wait is worth it!  Valve, please give this game a free month or something, to get more players to learn about this wonderful game!!  If you have $5 please buy this game."
76561198016477228,Recommended,209080,35097462,Posted: 20 September,all,Crankage,"I played this game with a few friends of mine. I loved it, I thought it was pretty neat. I'll be honest, I'm directionally challenged and I failed in every aspect. My friends all mutiny'd and kicked me off my own ship. I'm a lot like Jack Sparrow, except I don't have a cool accent, I don't drink rum, I'm not attractive, I don't have a lot of money, I'm not attractive, I don't have a cool accent, and I'm not attractive.Definitely would recommend being overthrown by my own crew again. 10/10- Crankage Games (Developer of Metal as P H U K)"
76561198321523286,Recommended,209080,35234192,Posted: 26 September,all,Is That A Pootis Bird?,Fun little game were u play as a sailor in the air u get to shoot guns let a flying boat and be an engineer very fun little game at very little cost
,Recommended,209080,35107132,Posted: 21 September,all,CannonK,This game is best played with a group of friend that have a sense of humor and who don't get easily upset. 7/10
76561198075724365,Recommended,209080,35171805,Posted: 23 September,all,Glitchbitz,"Small but good community. Somewhat balanced game. Victory is depended on leadership, communication, support, and skill on flying and shooting. I strongly recommend  this game for all those that like a true  co-op experience!"
,Recommended,209080,10335666,"Posted: 3 June, 2014",all,CKD,"This game has some excellent co-op combat, and it plays very well.  Beautiful design in all aspects, active community and developers.  Stop wondering if this is fun and join a crew :)"
13216161743132165,Not Recommended,209080,30890732,Posted: 1 April,all,Tooƒ,:( Bought this game for friends and I to play a while back.Unfortunately won't be playing the complete game due to the paywall.
,Not Recommended,209080,30903406,Posted: 2 April,all,Power Clit,"So why did I spend 19 bucks on a game that just opens the ""Online"" game? It's literally just a DLC."
,Not Recommended,209080,35205632,Posted: 25 September,all,Slothful | Chris,"I don't get enjoyment from this - just running about the same airship while scouting for other airships, I want to be able to boar airships, pump out damage with realistic ship-destroying effects and have more people on the comms - until then I don't think  I wil be picking this game up again as it's basically just - keep-an-airship-afloat simulator."
76561198104873870,Recommended,209080,20311466,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,GreenBlazed,"Welcome to guns of icarus online!!! the game that makes you work with a crew of four men...one pilot...an engineer...and a gunner...the fourth is one of the last two...anyways this is an amazing game especialy how wel they capture the idea of steampunk...i mean you can customize your own airship, pick what equipment you bring abord!!! and you can explode other airships + it takes teamwork = best airship fps 10/10 ign"
76561198110379653,Recommended,209080,11863091,"Posted: 25 August, 2014",all,Cait,"Absolutely love this game! As always there's a few awkward people but most online are friendly, the steampunk themed graphics are gorgeous and there's plenty of incentive to level up to keep you playing, whichever class you pick :D"
,Recommended,209080,11842406,"Posted: 23 August, 2014",all,Nac Mac Feegle,"How many games let you fly a steampunk airship bristling with weapons? Grab some bros and take to the skies. This game is way better with some friends, at least for the first bit while you figure out what's going on around you.The devs have a pretty good system to ease the learning curve, so for the first few hours of gameplay your choices of ships and aramaments are limited to a couple of presets. After about 15-20 matches or so you should be out of novice mode and your customization options will open up more."
,Recommended,209080,9394120,"Posted: 8 March, 2014",all,Danoid,"I really like this game! I wasnt really sure what to expect going into it but i though, hey, why not? I am thouroughly pleased. Its quite addicting and its a very beautiful game. Its very fun if youve got friends with a copy because then you can have an entire crew who you know well. Headset or some sort of mic is pretty dang important with this game because communication is key!!! without it, you will not last. I like all of the mechanics and i like the fact that everyone has a specific roll to play. There is also a neat level up design and the ability to customize your character and your own ship. I do kind of wish it had other aspects to it such as being able to board other ships or even shooting the players specifically. As of right now the only way to stop a gunner is to blow up the gun itself.Buy this game! You will not regret it!"
,Recommended,209080,21540510,"Posted: 28 February, 2016",all,Byzan,good game
76561198133601338,Recommended,209080,15969455,"Posted: 23 May, 2015",all,Nietz-chan,"Guns of Icarus is easily one of my favorite games on Steam. I have 8 hours logged and I only purchased it last night. The heavy team mechanics, fun gameplay, and pleasing graphics compliment the customization and RPG elements. You choose from three jobs that all have very different roles, so there will be something you enjoy doing. Engineers rush around repairing parts of the ship, gunners bringing down enemies with a variety of cannons and ammunition, and Pilots weaving the airship in and out of battle. On top of this is the amazing steam-punk atmosphere. 10/10, Everyone must try this game."
76561198080575617,Recommended,209080,9019915,"Posted: 8 February, 2014",all,DadStopBeatingMe,amazing co op online cant win without a decent crew really teaches u to rely on teamwork
,Recommended,209080,8731408,"Posted: 16 January, 2014",all,Clancy McCormick,vgood
,Not Recommended,209080,29045479,Posted: 5 January,all,ann1hel .,"boring, no depth, tutorial is also worse then getting 20♥♥♥♥♥♥♥stuffed in your♥♥♥♥"
76561198257433381,Not Recommended,209080,31769099,Posted: 15 May,all,Press F13,"Don't get this game now! they are making you pay for a whole new different game and this one can't be played, really annoying seeing as I payed full price for this."
76561197974883007,Recommended,209080,7779083,"Posted: 26 November, 2013",all,Crythorn,"one of the most fun multiplayer games ive had the pleasure of playing in a LONG time, the way it makes you co operate with shipmates to work together effciently just adds such a great extra depth and social aspect, all in all the meta score just is bogus, ignore it, this game is a 80 to 90 in my eyes!!"
,Recommended,209080,34778959,Posted: 6 September,all,voodoodat,this is fun
76561198134745549,Not Recommended,209080,30877935,Posted: 1 April,all,Shiropin,This is stupidWhy do i have to buy again a game i already bought?
,Recommended,209080,22868070,"Posted: 8 May, 2016",all,GuilleX7,Absolutely recommended. It's even better when you play with friends.This game should totally be a lot more popular than it is right now-The only cons is that some of my friends and many other users have random disconnecting issues. Guess i'm lucky I don't have this problem
,Recommended,209080,22788778,"Posted: 3 May, 2016",all,NomadRanger,An amazing game I have played so far. Wish it had a larger community because it deserves it.
76561198071765885,Not Recommended,209080,13722984,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,Inugami,"This was a positive review but I had to change it.- The matchmaker takes forever to find a match, and when it does you have to wait forever if the slots are not filled already. Tired of waiting? Don't even think about leaving the match and let the matchmaker find you another one, you will end up in the same room- The rewards are unrewarding- You have to pay for the game yet it has microtransactions like the f2p games- Not very well optimized"
,Recommended,209080,15986229,"Posted: 24 May, 2015",all,Ernster,"A thrilling adventure in which you choose from three roles: The Gunner, The Pilot and The Engineer. You and your crew embark on a journey on your airship to obliterate all the enemy ships that oppose you, using the variety of guns at your disposal.9/10Needs to have the ability to jump onto the enemy ship and wack everyone with a wrench."
,Recommended,209080,16567931,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,151bar151,Firstly I was aware of buying the game because everyone says that you need organised crew to enjoy the game. But then it was on sale so I said let's try it. I was excited. This game is fun and exciting for me even I don't have organised crew.
,Recommended,209080,12737100,"Posted: 1 November, 2014",all,Birkenau™,"Blowing aircraft out of the sky? Good. Have a good team? Better. Have your entire team (all captains and airships included) pull out  strategy, and have your team cooperate? Priceless."
,Not Recommended,209080,34985591,Posted: 15 September,all,BrokenDoop,"Dont buy this game, no one plays it. They need to go free 2 play."
76561197986344581,Recommended,209080,8814411,"Posted: 22 January, 2014",all,|S.T.A.R.S|  Gmyster,"Amazing game,Does not lie when they say teamwork is required but man its one hell of a game.Everyone needs to buy it right F-in now!"
76561198069020321,Recommended,209080,23107155,"Posted: 20 May, 2016",all,Captain Beemus Megapenis,"Once, i was walking in the park, i saw 2 guys kissing. That was the gayest thing i had ever seen, until i played gun of icarus online."
,Not Recommended,209080,31080392,Posted: 11 April,all,Microsoft EXCELSIOR!,"So I've actually played more than my Steam hours let on. I played it on the PC through the PS4 with a complicated setup my friend figured out and those hours aren't on Steam. Anyways Guns of Icarus is a good game. I do enjoy the mechanics and battles as you're fighting to keep your ship afloat as you duke it out with everybody else. Was it my favorite game? Never. And I definitely never felt it was overflowing with content but I feltit was honest-to-goodness fun. And that's all you can really ask of a game and it delivered.As for why I'm not recommending it. The devolopers released a sequel titledAllianceand of course that means agood portion of the player base transferred over. Some of them were disgruntled byAllianceand just left altogether. On the store page for this game the recent approval rating is nearly 30% lower than than the overall. So in essence this game is good, it's just dead. I imagine you can find some stragglers and still get into matches with them in a fair amount of time. But it's dead and dying which is why I can't recommend you buying this. You wouldn't really get your moneys worth out of it.So of course now you might naturally look atAlliance. I personally haven't played it myself but I've most definitely looked on Youtube, here on Steam, the trailers, I know what they 'added'. Honestly I'm not impressed. Like the 30% I feel a little cheated they're more-or-less repackaging the game. Is there additional content? Sure. Of course there is. It's just I don't feel like it's new or all that different. Recycled is a good way of putting it. It's like DLC I wouldn't pay for in the first place. I do kind of feel like I'm buying the same thing twice and that makes me angry. I will not be buying Alliance. I do however respect the discount they're giving to GoI:Online players but that's not changing my mind on the matter. But what about your mind? If you're looking for a Gun of Icarus game: See it for yourself. Go watch the trailers and such.Note: There used to be a devolopers note on this review and it has since been removed (by the dev), noted to avoid confusion between this and the comments."
76561198259322264,Not Recommended,209080,23907818,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,maxbshaw17,not very good if you have a mac (like me)
,Recommended,209080,15978597,"Posted: 24 May, 2015",all,small fry,tater diks chesse
,Recommended,209080,25781087,"Posted: 30 September, 2016",all,Did you mean Dopaje,This is a ship game
,Recommended,209080,9279025,"Posted: 27 February, 2014",all,h3hmda,potno
,Recommended,209080,12489075,"Posted: 14 October, 2014",all,★ MNI | Magotrap,omfg tis thi bezt game evar such real men clanging their wrenches against stuff and shooting things and stuff but whai there are no planez?
,Recommended,209080,18643944,"Posted: 23 October, 2015",all,ViciousVinnyD,"Guns of Icarus Online is a fast-paced action strategy game that entirely revolves around teamwork.You're put on an airship with 3 other crewmates, each with a unique role.The pilot controls the ship and often takes the role of captain; giving orders to the crew and other ships on the team.The engineer repairs items and can even upgrade components to make them run better.The gunner can carry multiple types of ammunition to use the guns to their greatest effect.(Their can be multiple of a single class, and the captain doesn't always have to be a pilot.)Communication in this game is essential, as the saying goes ""Sealed lips sink ships"". You will often be relaying information to your team about the positions of enemy ships and resource points, and even simple things like telling your engineer that the balloon is on fire.With the expansive range of different items, guns and ships this game will keep you occupied for a long time, there's always something new to learn in this game. I've been playing for a year now and there's still much for me to learn.Overall this is an amazing game and I would strongly reccomend it to anyone who likes ganging up with their mates and popping a few balloons."
,Recommended,209080,14599106,"Posted: 22 February, 2015",all,googleflef,"If you have ever played spaceteam on your phone (and I reccomend it if you have not), it's a bit like that, but more immersive, steampunk-y, and more team-based. OK maybe its not like spaceteam... BUT it does require a lot of communication and is very fun to play with friends."
,Not Recommended,209080,32459753,Posted: 15 June,all,dieing (ascended),"this is a good game, but nobody plays it so it doesn't really matter"
,Recommended,209080,16588624,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,Fizzleclaw,I flew into my friend and accidently threw him to the ground and killed him.1000/10 IGNreally do'.. It's off the chains baby.
,Recommended,209080,31615534,Posted: 7 May,all,TurtleMonkey,bRILLIANT GAME
,Recommended,209080,11650962,"Posted: 11 August, 2014",all,Squidy The Kawaii Princess,I spent 20 minutes screaming at a random because he was a gunner and I was a pilot and he was flying the ship10/10 Would scream again
76561198102761464,Not Recommended,209080,29191265,Posted: 11 January,all,JediKnightSky,"Id love to encourage others to play this game, but not ever buy it. Simply put this game needs to be free, they need to use non P2W cosmetics as the means of making money.Its a moba and depends on an active and large player base which it  simply does not have. Nor am I one who thinks well stick with it so it doesnt shrink further. I wont waste time in a game I see as stagnant and withering even if I enjoy it on some level.It depends on team work, communication, and coordination. A recipe for certain failure if pugging it. And they make fun of this in the shanty on the soundtrack in a line no ones following the captains orders. Boom a great reason to end up frustrated more often then not especially if you are captain and have a decent knack for strategy and tactics in games.The Devs are deaf to ideas like developing personal combat via boarding parties and taking over an enemy ship. They are deaf to ideas like one man escape gliders with minimal weapons to allow a player who wants to at least try to win to abandon a lost cause crew and at least enjoy their own game time rather then waste it.In theory this game could have evolved into an amazing sky ship arean battle game. I had wanted it to. Yet every time I gave it attention it ended up making me regret the time and ultimately the money I spent on it for me and 4 copies I bought and gave to friends over the last couple years.Frankly asking me to spend more money on this game for any content was a way to cinch my ultimate decision to forsake this game and any thing the developers do from here on out. Im not a fanboy and only their rabid fans really love the game enough to defend all the mistakes the devs keep making.Im even considering just throwing it out of my game library completely but I do enjoy a few of the tracks on the sound track as back ground noise when Im smoking some good green. But even the good green isnt enough to dull the stress this game tends to inspire and certainly the games fun factor for me is pretty much not at all because it is simply too depenent upon the actions of others. A mistake no game should ever make.I mean seriously its not some mystery of the MMO genre that making people forced to depend upon others to be able to enjoy a product you paid for ends up hurting the population over time.This is exactly why WoW over the years has made raids for smaller groups, and raiding less a central activity and uses incentives to encourage random grouping to keep the population interacting.If my fun in a game can be ruined by or is dependant upon another even if its a group play game it will always result in more reasons to not bother then to want to keep on hoping for the perfect storm of a good time.Id much rather see awesome ships like these added to great single player games with online co op play then see all this energy spent on what is ultimately a waste of effort as it will never have a large enough population due to the need to buy in.When even FTP shooters and other moba are struggling to maintain a large enough active population why on earth this company thinks a buy in plan is a good idea is just beyond me."
,Recommended,209080,25595819,"Posted: 19 September, 2016",all,Blowgun,Very gud gamee PLZ RELEASE HALF LIFE 3
76561198005079603,Recommended,209080,8203261,"Posted: 22 December, 2013",all,Captain Seasick,"While it has some bugs and a LOT of lag-based match-making issues, this game is a solid buy for anyone who favours team-based multiplayer over the random gun-n-more-gun type MP-action. If you can get a full crew (4 people, counting yourself) then this game can be a LOT of fun for all involved. Few things are more satisfying than piloting a steampunk-styled airship while watching your friend blow the living crap outta some foolish, unfortunate enemy vessel caught in your path! 7.9/10"
,Recommended,209080,8064076,"Posted: 15 December, 2013",all,Freddie Freeloader,"This game is a gem. Do not confuse this with AirBuccaneers... this is the vastly superior game. Crews of 4 man two ships per team in this steampunk air combat multiplayer-only game. The graphics are decent enough, and it performs as you would expect. The developers are very active with this title; they recently (as of writing this) updated the game adding a ton of new content. The downsides include the fact that the multiplayer progression system is based on achievements, which means you won't be rewarded with breadcrumbs as much as, say, Call of Duty, and promotions will be few and far between. Also, a lot of power is placed in the hands of the pilot - this often decides games before they even begin. Overall, I had a lot of fun with this title and it impressed me greatly."
,Not Recommended,209080,32952197,Posted: 28 June,all,Sad nigga hours,Meh
76561198107197514,Recommended,209080,25318113,"Posted: 2 September, 2016",all,<|DJ|>SweggerMegut,"0/7906435WHERE DA HERR IS IKARUS IN ALL UF DIS. I thut he wuz a godu so I but dis gaem cuz I wanted 2 see hem get dirteh with medoose. Instead I em sum mechenic un sum barroon det ereewun yell et cuz dey r rascist. Dis personally offends me and the skies of Ikarus Offline Comunity as i em un windependat wookr in dis daem union and u should respect my rite to keel frum abuv. I rekomend da Dank Souls 3 Just Cuz itz harder dan mah dik wen i prey teem overwawetch 3. Dammit i heb a bone, i needa goemu gomuno go, i recomed overcrowwerech undea da sea."
76561198043840256,Recommended,209080,8229554,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,Plague Doctor,Great game
76561198021163118,Not Recommended,209080,23381505,"Posted: 4 June, 2016",all,jallison98,"Started up the tutorial and began to play, on the mission I had to repair the ship untill it got to the location I, It was going fine untill the ship got stuck against a pole and I couldnt move it and was stuck there and wasnt up for spending another 45minutes or so to get to that point. The ship also was going in circles and not moving anywhere at times"
,Recommended,209080,14106591,"Posted: 21 January, 2015",all,Shy,Suits me and just SPECTACULAR!
76561198161823078,Recommended,209080,26683908,"Posted: 18 November, 2016",all,An_Average_Person,999999999/1 I LOVE THIS GAME
,Recommended,209080,25047249,"Posted: 20 August, 2016",all,佐助,Good game!!!!!!!
,Recommended,209080,13566280,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,10th Hokage,"Pretty Amazingly good game, doesnt go boring :D it also balance out the features of offence defence. It is required to repair and really good game in general"
,Recommended,209080,12687148,"Posted: 29 October, 2014",all,SalsaNegra,love this game it gets my ming off things
,Recommended,209080,9213011,"Posted: 21 February, 2014",all,SuperSweetSucc,Great online game.
,Recommended,209080,18959535,"Posted: 8 November, 2015",all,Da IntelSkill,"1 of the finest games Ive ever played. The feeling, the design, the gameplay are just amazing. Its different than most other games. Just buy it and play a couple of rounds. You wont regret it."
,Recommended,209080,12679532,"Posted: 29 October, 2014",all,|MRDRS| K1tT3n,"I've played this game for 2 hours and I'm already obsessed with it!  It can be stressful at times but all around, it's the best Indie Game I've ever played.  I would highly reccomend it to people who like games that are challenging and a bit realistic (A.K.A. Anybody that despises the Call of Duty's)."
76561198111624154,Recommended,209080,10977810,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,Darkwood II,who is icarus and y does he have so many guns=) 10/10
76561198110377163,Recommended,209080,26054330,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,BERNARD SANDALS,Fun
76561198080307545,Recommended,209080,19136571,"Posted: 17 November, 2015",all,Oogie Boogie Booty Monster,"They really need to bring in a way to board other ships and be able to capture the enemy ship, fighting C.Q.C on the ship (skuctling your own in the process)"
,Recommended,209080,30486739,Posted: 13 March,all,Bondrewd did nothing wrong,This game is how you lose friends10/10
,Recommended,209080,23219025,"Posted: 26 May, 2016",all,Hawk,sa
76561198153078635,Recommended,209080,23547980,"Posted: 13 June, 2016",all,Rin Tohsaka X Tang-San,Most underrated game in NA
,Recommended,209080,18866247,"Posted: 3 November, 2015",all,♣☢Roky Fox☢♣,One of the best games I've played. one of may favorites for sure. I gave a Few to My friends I would recommend You do as well Its so much better to play with a buddy rather than your self Love this game 10/10
76561198067573794,Recommended,209080,7891212,"Posted: 2 December, 2013",all,Horse,A real teamplay mutiplayer blast ... get it!
,Recommended,209080,13153251,"Posted: 29 November, 2014",all,Sexman,i rly dun lyk dis gaem bcuz wen i strt it up i had 2 reed da terms n condishuns n den i had 2 sign up wit my emale lyk SRY i dun wan 2 gif away my emale so ez lol XD but wen i got into da gagem i was palyin  as capten (bcuz im rly gud at all gaems so i shuld b capten rite????) but den dis othr guy (probly 6 yrs old LOL!) wantd 2 b capten so i bcame enginer n just jumpd of da ship ever7y tym !!!!! xDDDDDD call me levi dats my name xD
,Recommended,209080,24549754,"Posted: 26 July, 2016",all,Fuvly,If they would just add skins so I can get a fix of my case unboxing addiction this would be the greatest game of all time.
76561198154021551,Recommended,209080,20301286,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,Inquisitor Ronan,I ♥♥♥♥ing hate my teammates
,Recommended,209080,33619597,Posted: 17 July,all,Crisp Rat,"A British captain called a teammate ""as useful as Anne Franks drum set""11/7 insult.Also if you are this captain friend me."
76561198130514798,Recommended,209080,12511832,"Posted: 16 October, 2014",all,amphetamachine,10/10 would play again
76561198074101032,Recommended,209080,29532456,Posted: 27 January,all,[3rd DE(Co.B)] Cpt.joecool03,"A game well worth the money ,but only if you have friends."
,Recommended,209080,29036216,Posted: 5 January,all,Rhino,Great game. Well done. Deserves more attention and players.
76561198199587473,Recommended,209080,19295998,"Posted: 26 November, 2015",all,God of le gams,If I had to put any game in my butt it wouldn't be this
76561198146642749,Recommended,209080,27597267,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,LegoManLMT,"2 hours in, and it has been the  most hetic and fun I have ever had on a new game. You get to fly freaking airships and shoot rockets at each other! WHY WOULD YOU NOT WANT IT!Cons: Small player base"
,Recommended,209080,23807583,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,Solidusbucket,"I bought this game when it was on sale may 2015 for about $4.00. I havn't played much since then, but now i'm starting to get into it.Its okay."
76561198083358815,Recommended,209080,25642450,"Posted: 22 September, 2016",all,WannaCry,great game with freinds and the comunity is amazing.
,Recommended,209080,13519251,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,Moonstone,I AM A LEAF ON THE WIND - WATCH HOW I SOAR.
76561198113804422,Recommended,209080,23366358,"Posted: 3 June, 2016",all,dark_skelix,sdfhriulqSAGT4RFECDMQ2 no words
,Recommended,209080,29448963,Posted: 23 January,all,Inferno ಠ_ಠ,100 Players of Icarus
,Recommended,209080,14471301,"Posted: 14 February, 2015",all,Deputy Dangle,BEAUTIFUL STEAMPUNK AIRSHIP BATTLES!
,Recommended,209080,8815673,"Posted: 22 January, 2014",all,Redeemed Asia,"so like, ur on a boat and your like the captian and yuore like ""bicth im on a boat"" (but not realy cus its flying)and u tell ur team to shoot other boat thats is flyting cuz they will shoot u too (wow so mean) and they suk really bad cuz they r noobs (rofltelmao rekt, shots fired pew pew, lol) but when ur team sux really bad (♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ matchmaking) they blame u for bad driuving and then youer like ""I told u to hit da engine with the wrench to fix it omg noob""but ya its good game, add me Gamertag: xXMasterSwagYoloChampion69Xx and ill add you to my clan ""~-::[420xMLGxBl4z3]::-~"""
,Not Recommended,209080,34296392,Posted: 16 August,all,NickCrompton,Yo This Is Nick Crompton And This Shizz Is Unacceptable. Overpriced DLC and the community is dead. I do like the game. The mechanics are not bad just you cant really experience since the community is dying. Don't Buy I'd Rather Get Tazed By Jake Paul Cause Then At Least Theres Something To Do. Keep Yo Collar Poppin. Peace
,Recommended,209080,10980413,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,Calcifer,you ram Stuff
,Recommended,209080,23108338,"Posted: 20 May, 2016",all,AOD_Spaxous,"I only have ONE problem with this game... I get 10-15 FPS whether on Ultra or the Lowest possible settings EVEN AT 480p. If you don't have a good processor... THIS GAME IS UNPLAYABLE. I mean, the GTX 470 is nothing special, but I got the EXACT SAME performance at high at 1600x900 as I did on the lowest settings at 480p.you need a decent processor for this, and frankly this PC is too old for an upgrade without changing parts (FM2)I got a refund for it because it is unplayable, and frankly relies a little bit too much on other people communicating... WHICH THEY WON'T ♥♥♥♥ING DO!Anyways, good game but bad experience.Give it a chance though, maybe your processor is better than this 2 core piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥(Also, this is my temporary rig, I have a FX-8320 and GTX 480 in my main PC, but its HDD died and I cannot put this non-sata drive in that PC)"
76561198320399953,Recommended,209080,31284341,Posted: 21 April,all,Avaron27,"I love this game, but it has some very definite issues.Pros-Very original idea, airship combat is very fun-There's different airships and weaponry, changing combat quite a lot-It's very teamwork and strategy based, which makes it really fun-It's all first person (Unless you press P where you can see your character in third person) but the pilot flies the ship in first person which is really fun-The pilot is also the captain, giving orders, working with the other captain, and flying the ship, it's fun, but hard-Engineer and Gunner have relatively easy learning curves, while the pilot is much harder to learn and play wellCons-This is more a problem with the developers, but the Alliance DLC costs more than the game. This doesn't affect the base game but I wouldn't but the DLC-They're haven't been new ships for a while, the newest ships in a while were in the overpriced DLC, which I don't see as a good developer practice-Some of the players are great, and will communicate and follow orders. And then there's the minority. Some players absolutely refuse to use the mic, which makes it hard to play, and others complain about orders. The vast majority don't-There is a map, it's a destroyed city, it's absolutely awful.-There isn't very many players. The most I've ever seen on is 500. You can usually find a match, it just takes a while.Overall, I do recommend this game. There are some issues, most of them associated with bad developer practices. But, just don't buy Alliance! This game is really, really fun."
,Recommended,209080,12065987,"Posted: 11 September, 2014",all,eisiger,"Like Air Buccaneers, but you only people in the game die. The game itself doesn't die."
,Recommended,209080,8838135,"Posted: 24 January, 2014",all,alan sleep,best racing game ever.
76561198029816643,Not Recommended,209080,32168431,Posted: 3 June,all,Demonslayer4000,no point in joining now everyone only wants to play with experienced players...
76561198076620312,Recommended,209080,10229337,"Posted: 25 May, 2014",all,The MAGFest 2016 Animation Panel,Pilot went afk mid battle 10/10
,Recommended,209080,8421168,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,The Mediocre,best game ever and the airship explosion and the destruction
,Recommended,209080,10162458,"Posted: 18 May, 2014",all,Mihu-kun,A very fun game! Is really worth paying for!
,Recommended,209080,10156360,"Posted: 18 May, 2014",all,SioxGWolf,"This is a very entrertining game worth every cent put into it. If you havn't bought it buy not, you should!"
,Recommended,209080,8263155,"Posted: 24 December, 2013",all,Joe,"A great game to play with friends. However, playing by one's self can be infuriating, as you're forced to either loose or be that guy shouting through the audio chat."
,Recommended,209080,9111874,"Posted: 14 February, 2014",all,SprocketSoup,Probably the best game ever.
,Recommended,209080,15089591,"Posted: 28 March, 2015",all,Illusioneer,"You and your 3 friends bored? Have an explosion fetish? Like shooting guns, rockets, and other shooty weapons? Like big floating hunks of steel? Look no further! You're prayers has just been answered!"
,Recommended,209080,6448590,"Posted: 15 May, 2013",all,Bourbono,This is a great game and I recomend getting 3 other players so you can all be on one ship. Work together to achieve victory. :) Ship customisation is incredible and really fun to experiment with. Plus you get to be a swashbuckling Sky-Pirate :D
,Recommended,209080,16431085,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,Gator Epp,"Working together with your crew is essential in Guns of Icarus Online. If you're looking for a fun co-op experience, you've found it."
,Recommended,209080,17545247,"Posted: 14 August, 2015",all,Lunerd,Arrr were cuming in hot
76561198165726991,Recommended,209080,17619182,"Posted: 19 August, 2015",all,NightKnight,GUNSHIP BATTLE IN THE AIR YOU CAN BE EITHER ENGINEER PILOT OR GUNNER...........that said nothing else y need to know oh and also awesome graphics and maps 10/10
76561197977522055,Recommended,209080,17467921,"Posted: 9 August, 2015",all,I'm Ethan Bradberry,Amazing fun with friends with a very original concept.
,Recommended,209080,17719229,"Posted: 25 August, 2015",all,kⓐⓖs,uh im having the gunz ouf ikarus onlin andis gr8! no im bout kill my son
,Recommended,209080,16401936,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,Sticks,Blew up a air balloon10/10 ♥♥♥♥in g8
76561198098207062,Recommended,209080,10145500,"Posted: 17 May, 2014",all,Trebor96,"An amazing game, it looks beautiful, and really supports teamwork from all round the world I Love It"
76561198124392965,Recommended,209080,16094543,"Posted: 31 May, 2015",all,Tocay,I love this game
,Recommended,209080,10214891,"Posted: 23 May, 2014",all,Low On Hearts,Flying boats - what more can I say?
,Recommended,209080,20221593,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,Kalu Kenzyfrenzy Chuks,"My PC set on fire when I was playing this one time. High risk, High reward gaming experience"
,Recommended,209080,18566880,"Posted: 19 October, 2015",all,beebs,I love this game. Working together has never been as much fun as when you're blowing your enemies out of the sky.
,Recommended,209080,8823550,"Posted: 23 January, 2014",all,aaronsfury ^___^,this is a cheap game that is worth ur money.  unique game and tons of funzes.
,Recommended,209080,8148673,"Posted: 20 December, 2013",all,Totallytman,"A great game that supports teamwork, and a community that is the polar opposite of Payday 2. On one of my first games, an expert became a teacher, and taught me how it all works. Highly recommend this."
76561198081308399,Recommended,209080,9588574,"Posted: 21 March, 2014",all,FlingusScramble,ABSOLUTE MASTERPEICE
,Recommended,209080,10283248,"Posted: 29 May, 2014",all,I'm on top of the world,this is really goodgame i rate it out of 107.4and i rate tf28.1so still really good but only buy it when it is on sale
,Recommended,209080,12668855,"Posted: 28 October, 2014",all,P4TR1CK,Awesome teambased game. Challenging fun where you and your team/friends have to cooperate and talk to each other all the time to win. BUYYYY!!
76561198062323593,Recommended,209080,8688658,"Posted: 12 January, 2014",all,iceflames5,"It is a great team building game, and I would recommend it to everyone ages 12-20"
,Recommended,209080,10247845,"Posted: 26 May, 2014",all,JerseyCobra,"If you don't own this game, I feel sorry for you."
,Recommended,209080,10147996,"Posted: 17 May, 2014",all,Dat Purple Fing wid green bits,Possibly one of the most funnest games I've ever played if not the best game i've played to date n.n
,Recommended,209080,10209138,"Posted: 23 May, 2014",all,muttonmops,"Best Game, EVER!"
,Recommended,209080,11701476,"Posted: 14 August, 2014",all,Flymifox ●ᴥ●,BUY IT ITS AWESOME ONLY 3 DOLLARS WHOOOHJOJOOJOJOHOHJOFDO
,Recommended,209080,10201343,"Posted: 22 May, 2014",all,Ranty-san,"One of the very rare games with a good community, good graphics, good music. Enough said."
,Recommended,209080,14877618,"Posted: 14 March, 2015",all,dog,everyone is ♥♥♥♥ing russian
,Recommended,209080,14874391,"Posted: 13 March, 2015",all,Quas 👁,my ♥♥♥♥♥
,Recommended,209080,10743130,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,Digby,Its good
,Recommended,209080,5191433,"Posted: 20 May, 2013",all,NSX Gaming the Sorcerer,"Insanely fun and is dependent on teamwork. I love this game so much, fun and serious at the same time, great combination!"
,Recommended,209080,2161314,"Posted: 27 August, 2013",all,Fomppakarhu [FIN-RUS],Graphicly beautiful game with intence teamplay. Is a great timekiller thanks to the long matches!
76561197961727509,Recommended,209080,10213459,"Posted: 23 May, 2014",all,sputnikyuri,"Very fun Mutiplayer Online Arena Battle game for a crew of four that encourages teamwork over twitch based and stat building gameplay. Up to three derigibles battle each other across apocalyptic landscapes in various game modes. One of six ships may be setup with custom loadouts, with many possible strategies. Good communication among the crew, skillful shooting, and high situational awareness are key to superiority in this game. The gameplay and matchmaking is fairly straightforward. The user interface is workable, but has some functions that are confusing. Microtransactions allow the purchase of only decorative items, which are fun to show off when your crew is displayed aboard your vessel after victory. This process is easy with Steam Wallet funds, and is not any trouble to accomplish in the game's menu. For the current sale price, I highly recommend this game for players who will have at least one crew of four. Fighting with random players in the game will not provide the same experience I've had."
,Recommended,209080,12739074,"Posted: 2 November, 2014",all,CuddzBear,"Awesome innovative challenging and simple. Really fun game for casual gamers looking to kill some time or for hardcore gamers looking for a good challenge. Has some bugs, but I know they'll be fixed. GET THIS GAME 100000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000/10"
,Recommended,209080,9185943,"Posted: 19 February, 2014",all,the low ground,"It is a fun game with lots of action and collaboration. I'm also going to say, you don't NEED to use voicechat, but it does make your team better. I don't. But this game is AMAZING."
,Recommended,209080,13702748,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,TopKekJek,"If you've got 3 pals to play this game with, it's a fun challenge based on teamwork and skill.If you're playing alone, don't even bother. It's not worth the money."
,Recommended,209080,19240903,"Posted: 23 November, 2015",all,Chim (Chirrut),1. Jumped into a game2. Captain gave up on our gunners3. Captain left and I was voted temporary captain4. Found out I was not meant to be captain5. ALLU ACKBAR and smashed into an airship6.turns out it was a team mate12/10 ign
76561198023420475,Recommended,209080,14651044,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,Paranormalcactus,you know i used to love playing this game now i cant be bothered allow me to explain i used to be very good even took on the devs once with a team of randoms and won i think idr my prefered class of choice is the gunner. but the class your gomnna be playing as the most if you want a ship to stay alive longer is the engineer. the engineer is a masochist dream come true and i hate it in its current state fire is too overpowered from a engineers view point sense they nerfed chem spray how am is suppose to keep the ship repaired and happy if its on fire all the damn time? its stupid this is why i dont like playing anymore because trying to keep the ship repaired under fire in more ways then one is a total nightmare now the engineer when the game initally released was much better but now well f that class. aside from that the games great its alot of fun to tear ships apeart with turrets and very gratifying to watch them implode after theyved had too much. and theres alot of customization to be had there should be a unlimited use permanent dye kit which has basic colors in it imo maybe for the guys who got the collecters edition. so would i recommend it? well if you intend to be a engineer hell no if you intend to be everything else by all means grab the fourpack and bring some friends and have some fun.p.s. just throwing this idea out there for the devs steam punk bi planes and huge carrier air ships think about it.
76561198166159482,Recommended,209080,18805673,"Posted: 31 October, 2015",all,Bacon Billy,"Player:  GET ON THE GUNS!Me: WHAT GUN? WHERE ARE THEY?Player: WE DIED THANKS NOOBAll in all, get three other friend to by it so you can, as Carrot would say, ""Seriously Prod Buttocks Together"""
,Recommended,209080,14020566,"Posted: 16 January, 2015",all,BigBroTox,"Fantastic game to play with friends.  Still enjoyable solo, but the player base is on the low side and finding games is a pain. Recomend if you can get it on sale."
76561197966468965,Recommended,209080,13456498,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,PsychoTortoise,Creamy golden goodness.
,Recommended,209080,15915063,"Posted: 20 May, 2015",all,S.,6/5
,Recommended,209080,5833432,"Posted: 20 March, 2013",all,Bowserse,"I used to play this game a lot , and I realy loved it!"
,Recommended,209080,29249958,Posted: 14 January,all,Carmine Calzone,"joins gameeverything is going wellsee enemy shipcaptian yells ""OPEN FIRE""we do, and miss every shotcaptian yells ""YOU MONGALOIDS""we jump ship for the remainder of the roundit's a pretty good game"
,Recommended,209080,10099784,"Posted: 13 May, 2014",all,Flexiboye,This is a different type of FPS game that works brilliantly.Picture this. Your on a ship. You have a crew. Your ship is getting attacked. Gunners hop on the turrents. Engineers repair the damages and the pilot navigates you further into combat or escape it. This game is so much fun to play with friends.This game is near perfect.8/10.
,Recommended,209080,16858825,"Posted: 3 July, 2015",all,Jesse-Star,"""Steam"" Punking all day long."
,Recommended,209080,12752492,"Posted: 2 November, 2014",all,Bob Morley - farmskins.com,Look at me Look at me Im the captain now.
76561198123027364,Recommended,209080,20138155,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,I endorse midget porn,The community in this game is awesome.  Our whole crew tried to 360 noscope while blinded and 10 FPS.69/10 would crash again.
22223679853424324,Recommended,209080,16687347,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,King Kush of Bonghitland,"Friend told me to buy game with money, we played once and we stopped playing."
76561197997776099,Recommended,209080,18632682,"Posted: 22 October, 2015",all,Spicy Boi,"There are few games that have the potential to create as visceral and cinematic an experience as this one. Whether it's ramming a damaged ship head on into an enemy, or shredding a squid in a cloud of flak GOI's solid gameplay offers hours of enjoyment trying to master the subtle nuances of crewing an airship. While the low server pop can make it hard to find a match the friendly and dedicated playerbase make it worth the time it takes to find one. Worth well over the 10 dollars it costs. With all the attention from popular youtubers its gotten it's amazing to me that everyone doesnt have this game.NOW, GET ON THE GUN, THESE SKIES ARE HOSTILE!"
76561198076529006,Recommended,209080,18643589,"Posted: 23 October, 2015",all,cps99block,"i love this game and i think people in my friendship group give it a bad rap but i think its a great combanation of tactics and action where you dont have to stick with the other ship but it also makes people think tacticaly wether to engage or back off. repair engines or propellers, shoot the balloon or hull. which makes you think about priorities and as you go to later into playing you get a clan and the more you play the in sync you get which is not commen in gaming"
,Recommended,209080,16076763,"Posted: 30 May, 2015",all,Zaicef,"It's a fun game with friends ,but you need a lot of thinking. You can't just pilot a ship how you want , you can't shoot anywhere with a gunner , you need to wisely choose what to shoot. As an engineer you can't just stand or go to the guns , You need to work fast and help your gunner and your pilot. Anyways this game is awesome. 9/10 :)"
76561198001126823,Recommended,209080,9220441,"Posted: 22 February, 2014",all,Mr. Pickles,"When I saw this game for $15 I decided to just go for it and see what it was like. I played for about 6-7 hours straight. The very next day it went on sale for $3.50 and a four back for $7. I bought a four pack and gave it away to my friends.This is one of the best games to play with good friends. The team work aspect of the game is amazing. Because everything depends on everyone doing their part, everyone is very vocal on tips and help for people on their team. Everyone is so nice and a joy to play with that even without your friends you can have a blast with random people online.The game store is only clothes, which is a huge sigh of relief! In fact all equipment is available right away!  I would highly recommend this game to anyone who enjoys playing games with their friends."
,Recommended,209080,15859027,"Posted: 16 May, 2015",all,Radical Centrist,Really fun and unique game. My only complaint is that late at night it takes a while to find games sometimes.
76561198030927605,Recommended,209080,13130529,"Posted: 28 November, 2014",all,B. Cereus,is good
,Recommended,209080,15958951,"Posted: 22 May, 2015",all,Massive Erection,"This game is one of the best team based multiplayer games I have played in a long time. I really enjoyed it. In every game I've played the people seemed to work well together, and they were accepting of the fact that I was new to the game and helped me out when needed. I highly recommend this game to anyone."
76561198091466898,Recommended,209080,15892208,"Posted: 18 May, 2015",all,Commissar Cattington,10/10 IGN you can hammer!
,Recommended,209080,8186656,"Posted: 21 December, 2013",all,❆ Snoop Penguin ❆,"This game is very fun, and it is great for mac and linux users who cant play alot of other games. This is probably the best game on mac on steam."
,Recommended,209080,16056759,"Posted: 29 May, 2015",all,CSOFFER.ME Kuro,"Sooooo........The first match went a little like this: captain said ""♥♥♥♥ING SHOOOT!!!"", i ignored him, he called me a ♥♥♥♥♥, and then i kept jumping of the ship.But seriously doe, the game is amazing10/10"
76561198101947337,Recommended,209080,10165975,"Posted: 18 May, 2014",all,im a dumb cunt,"vry graet game, lats of tem wurk neded 2 plai this doe"
76561198107262872,Recommended,209080,16094797,"Posted: 31 May, 2015",all,Woah,"enemy has 4 points, I have zerocrew rage quits and is replaced by aiI become captainAI listens to me4-3games crashes'10/10 would gun again' - Igfun"
,Recommended,209080,16003590,"Posted: 25 May, 2015",all,Peejay,"This game is amazing with is co-op airship shooter style. The only problem is if you get idiots in the game, whenever they dont do there job and die they blame is on the pilot for not having the ability to teleport.Gameplay 8/10You cant stay connected for 1 whole good round because scrubs are flooding the servers"
,Recommended,209080,13105443,"Posted: 27 November, 2014",all,Vi-nico-nico-niiii-c00kie,amazing cool graphis only a bit laggy
76561198007501687,Recommended,209080,9366856,"Posted: 6 March, 2014",all,Il Brisighellese,"Funny game, with friends even more funny."
,Recommended,209080,16727440,"Posted: 26 June, 2015",all,Monkeyseaker,"This game manages to make the most borang task in Battle Front 2, repairs, fun! Banging on stuff to make it work? Pure genius."
,Recommended,209080,20944937,"Posted: 3 February, 2016",all,Thone,y servers haf be so empty11/9
76561198105979665,Recommended,209080,8065758,"Posted: 16 December, 2013",all,NoFlake,Its to good
,Recommended,209080,13407049,"Posted: 16 December, 2014",all,kxnlet,"Jump aboard and fly away with your crew today in Guns of Icarus Online! This amazing teamwork-based strategy game really is one of my favorites, it sets a theme of both the future and the past. You can pick and switch (each game) between being a pilot, engineer, or gunner, and level up those classes over-time to gain upgrades to better your chances of conquering the other team. I'll say right away, I've had a lot of fun in this game and plan to have a lot more.Elements of the game: In current default games, there are 2 or 3 ships on one team - 2 teams, one blue, one red.The captain's job is to make sure you know your ship(s) and give clear orders to your crewmates! While usually the class of the captain is the pilot, this is not always for obvious reasons. You are given the options to customize your ship(s) and able to make them EXACTLY what works for you and your crew!The pilot's job is to navigate in the consideration of your gunners while avoiding damage. When customizing your character preferences, you can select between upgrades like bumpers, to make collision less effective, or kerosene, to make your ship faster than the maximum speed while taking slight damage and having less ability to turn.The engineer can save the game if they have their play-style down! Being able to give buffs to each part of the ship really helps in a cram. Paying close attention and listening to your captain really pays off! They will be running around the ship in most heated games, so if that's not your thing, consider a gunner.The gunner! The man with a gun! Shooting down, blasting, or flaming other ships into oblivion! I highly suggest that you ask your captain which guns they have on their ship, and as the game starts, learn the location of each gun you will be using. If the captain is a friend of yours or seems nice enough, feel free to ask them to add your FAVORITE guns that you're best using!"
76561198079298522,Recommended,209080,13888723,"Posted: 7 January, 2015",all,(cu ck)wuc,"this game isnt for everyone as a majority of the online community doesnt have the capability to cooperate with teamates, but for the people who can, and want a very cool experience about manning a ♥♥♥♥ing airboat. then this game is for you.pls have a sequel with massive space ships and lazorsssss8.5/10"
,Recommended,209080,20672352,"Posted: 21 January, 2016",all,Champaroni | [parpah],Most continuously updated game in my library
,Recommended,209080,22292030,"Posted: 7 April, 2016",all,Jeff the potato,The tip box is attractive
,Recommended,209080,10426644,"Posted: 11 June, 2014",all,Schmeckle Goblin,Steam Fortress 2. There. It has been said. And i love it. It's such fun. Steampunk airship battle en mas.
,Recommended,209080,19717050,"Posted: 15 December, 2015",all,Kingslayer. Oathbreaker.,Buy the game♥♥♥♥♥♥♥
,Recommended,209080,9192113,"Posted: 20 February, 2014",all,Shingeki No Danny,"This is one of the best multiplayer team-work games I have ever played. Everyone has their part to play in this game. Whether it be manning the guns and taking out enemy ships, repairing your ship's damaged hull, or piloting your ship through the skies.There are many different combinations of perks that you can give to each class: Different ammunition for gunners; different tools for engineers, and different ship enhancements for pilots. All of which can make a difference to the game you are playing, such as faster repairing, or more damaging rounds, for example.The bottom line, is that it is a great co-operative game to play that involves a great deal of team-work and strategic thinking."
76561198028317383,Recommended,209080,7759733,"Posted: 25 November, 2013",all,Tree Baron,"Not too bad for an indie title, but lag on multiplayer is almost unbearable at times, even if your internet is fast. Its hard to get emersed in a game when every 15-20 seconds the ship suddenly stops, and then teleports to a different place.Update [Updates appear to Have fixed the lag]"
76561198119597558,Recommended,209080,16129045,"Posted: 2 June, 2015",all,DangoS,ive played csgo of 700h and lol for 500h but this game is the most fun ive had for a long time
,Recommended,209080,23576452,"Posted: 15 June, 2016",all,Mountaineer,sjörövar fabbe
76561198025859604,Recommended,209080,8262116,"Posted: 24 December, 2013",all,Apollo,"Super fun, highly recommended."
,Recommended,209080,28193029,"Posted: 4 December, 2016",all,The_Majestic_Bison,"Annoying  matchmaking; practically all bots, but creative and original gameplay"
,Recommended,209080,29910988,Posted: 13 February,all,Derpyhsi,Really great game and lots of teamwork!
76561198149296349,Recommended,209080,27101155,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,SAIMONO *_*,Such a fine game :D
,Recommended,209080,27125310,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Lay_Xe Xephos,"You have 4 players, one who is to be captain, the other 3 most likely engineers. If there is no captain, abandon ship and all hope."
,Recommended,209080,32034434,Posted: 28 May,all,Smash Smalltail,Get shot in the stratosphere.
,Recommended,209080,31912041,Posted: 22 May,all,Xamadam,"i thought you could board other boats, turns out i can blow up my ship insteadoops"
76561198176029901,Recommended,209080,32522990,Posted: 17 June,all,menkribobo,7/10 more content would b cool
,Recommended,209080,9930990,"Posted: 25 April, 2014",all,EpilepticAssault,"It's a great game, especially with friends. Very enjoyable."
,Recommended,209080,32680753,Posted: 23 June,all,Tellolini,Tutorial require internet connection10.000.000/10 Game Of The Century material
,Recommended,209080,6281358,"Posted: 10 August, 2013",all,ThePCGamer101,"DISCLAIMER: This is a first impressions review, and NOT a full review, if you want a full review, then please read better reviews then mineA fantastic indie game especially to play with your friends, for piloting a ship to fixing the damaged hull to firing flames to the enemy ship. Guns of Icarus Online truly shows how it feels to be on a ship!RECOMMENDED :)"
76561198108775884,Recommended,209080,15900978,"Posted: 19 May, 2015",all,Cheerio,"Only played 30 minutes of it but so far very VERY very fun. It has guns, explosions, flying pirate ships, and no invisible walls. I had only played 5 minutes of it and immediately I walked off the edge of the ship. I couldn't stop laughing. This game is very fun and requires a lot of teamwork. Without your crew and team your ship will sink. I rate this 11/10 better than Pirate101."
,Recommended,209080,9162866,"Posted: 17 February, 2014",all,XxEdogxX,get this game its amazeing
,Recommended,209080,9160020,"Posted: 17 February, 2014",all,Erikel elf,This game is awesome! After 5 minutes of playing I was hooked by the strategy and team building you require to win.The 465 achievments and amount of customisation make this one of my favourite games of all time! Constantly updated. Absurd amazing cutomisation and I find it more addictive than TF2. 10/10
,Recommended,209080,13510301,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,Frog,amazing game. enough said.
,Recommended,209080,16771543,"Posted: 28 June, 2015",all,TheGreatUrkel,It smelled nice
76561197986805342,Recommended,209080,16766377,"Posted: 28 June, 2015",all,Durska,The best moment was when our captain turned on his Push to talk and said all to us :Look at me. Iam the Captain now.
76561198076097393,Recommended,209080,18866270,"Posted: 3 November, 2015",all,Holy Discontent,"Fun game if you make it past the lobby. The ship part is just a mini-game, the lobby wait is the actual game. They need elevator music or something of that sort to spruce up the lobby atmosphere. :D Anywho, it's fun and team based. Although, if you get a gunner that forgets what aiming means, then you pretty much lose. It's a wonderful game though, play it!"
,Recommended,209080,22746327,"Posted: 1 May, 2016",all,Xyphos,Its like Non Steampunk Airships in the water but in the sky
76561198086188777,Recommended,209080,18120846,"Posted: 20 September, 2015",all,Stooge-Boy,"Very good game overall, deserves a much bigger community than it has. Also, a very attractive tip box guides you through all your troubles."
76561198088441786,Recommended,209080,25524811,"Posted: 16 September, 2016",all,THE_PECA,CO-OP at its finest :D
,Recommended,209080,25396697,"Posted: 7 September, 2016",all,A Random Nutter,I have played a lot of this game and enjoyed it. I have also met the community managers at CoxCon they are wonderful people and have help make a great on-line community.See you in the skies
76561198088045668,Recommended,209080,17912529,"Posted: 6 September, 2015",all,Kavaliro,This game is one of the best co-op games out there. The devs are not only very active but also very friendly. And there is a DLC coming in the next months.
,Recommended,209080,10244373,"Posted: 26 May, 2014",all,misha✡✡✡golden,"Best game in my entire life! I'd never thought that a videogame can develop the understanding of teamwork, strategy and cooperation. Of course the graphics are great, but that's not the main reason to play it. I really recomend it!"
,Recommended,209080,16086179,"Posted: 30 May, 2015",all,Cinderblock,cool times
,Recommended,209080,15876894,"Posted: 17 May, 2015",all,YetiByte,yarr!
76561198050152876,Recommended,209080,21420812,"Posted: 24 February, 2016",all,The Real Connor Smith,"For the few hours i've played of this game, I have met some nice people and have had a good laugh playing.If you are getting this game (which I recommend doing) you will most likely get told what to do here and there. But not because they hate you (well they might) But usually because they are teaching you the ways of the gunner, engineer or Captain.I have found that most people playing this game are actually very nice people, and have became friends with everyone I have encountered.Pros:-Nice Steampunk graphics-nice songs-nice balance between each ship-Great list of play styles-Will probably be able to run on a potato at lowest graphics :D-You can use a guitar hero guitar to control a ship-Can create or join clans (strongly recommend doing so you can queue with others)-Different Loadouts-Can make character extra spicy looking-Has no in-game purchases that can be used to become stronger. (Only for cosmetics)-can create workshop items-Game is an extra Spicy meme-Frequent updates-Has Devs versus Players every Tuesday and Thursday (You can win an item of choice)-Has nice community-Optimized well-Can be difficult (In a good way!)-Has Tutorials which can teach new comers.-Has AI that can actually do stuffCons:-I have heard the player count is dying (I hope not)-Can be challenging at firstI may seem like a fan gay because I only have 1 con... But I only have 1 because I have not yet experienced the game at its full potential. I will update review If I see any new Pros/Cons..Conclusion:If you enjoy a game that you can play for hours on end, if you enjoy a nice challenge, if you enjoy a tactical game in which teamwork is a must have, And if you enjoy game in which you can get a few buddies on to have some good laughs. Then I strongly recommend this game...AND DID I TELL YOU THAT YOU CAN FLY WITH A GUITAR HERO GUITAR?!?!?! (It has been done, just search it up on the internet)My personal Rating atm: 10/10Rating you guys can live off of: 9/10<3 keep up the great work Muse Games <3"
76561198068429546,Recommended,209080,8029024,"Posted: 13 December, 2013",all,Donkey From Another Monkey,Awesome game!!!
76561197966699194,Recommended,209080,8128487,"Posted: 19 December, 2013",all,videohab,god tier a++
,Recommended,209080,8065374,"Posted: 16 December, 2013",all,R0411,"It's fun to play with random players, but to get the most fun out of this; grab a couple of friends and set sail."
76561197974936341,Recommended,209080,8073624,"Posted: 16 December, 2013",all,Rage° Rabid Weasels,"Ever wanted to pilot a steam-punk airship around the skies of a post-apocalyptic wasteland while belching orders at other players as you attack another post-apocalyptic steam-punk airship with a similarly intoxicated skyship pilot whos strategy of 'ram first, fire later' is proving surprisingly effective?  If so, this is the game for you!  It's so much fun trying to work as a team in this game.There are only three classes to choose from, but honestly that's just plenty.  Everybody can perform any role, be it shooting guns, steering the ship, or repairing damages, but each class gets a significant bonus for their chosen job, usually along the line of additional tools that they can bring with them on the mission.  Gunners get multiple ammo types for the ships various weapons, engineers don't need to choose between 'putting out fires' and 'repairing the ship', and pilots gain a whole slew of fun toys, such as ways to inflate/deflate the balloon fast, smokescreens, speed boosts, etc.  Combine that with a variety of ship and gun types and you have a surprisingly diverse battle.What's most intriguing about this game is that it captures the tension before a battle quite well.  Even when you are far away from the enemy, you always have someone looking out for a hostile ship that may or may not be lurking behind a cloud bank, or behind a toppled skyscraper from civilizations of the past.  And when you get the target in your sights, everything just explodes with excitement.  Depending on the layout of other ships, they could focus on speed to engage in hit and run tactics.  Larger ships can take a lot of abuse while packing a ton of firepower.  Some have a metric crap ton of guns but can only face one direction with them.  Some have flamethrowers, which burn your balloon to try and make you crash, others have harpoon guns which can tether you to their ship (the heavier ship tends to have the advantage).  There's so much going on here that one review doesn't do it justice!  Try this game out, you won 't regret it!"
,Recommended,209080,21143734,"Posted: 11 February, 2016",all,Thienrex11,I wonder how many bullets does it take to pop a balloon?
76561198069518958,Recommended,209080,18808907,"Posted: 31 October, 2015",all,Iron Ranger,"Good, fun game. Good timekiller game that doesnt get old."
76561198129141342,Recommended,209080,30190828,Posted: 26 February,all,N0T S3NS1BLE,Sort of worth the 7 quid i payed but ive only played 3 hours and its a dead game
,Recommended,209080,29348942,Posted: 18 January,all,Cowskier,One of a kind game-Stunning graphics-Unique Gameplay-Heavily team based (Great to play with friends!)-Many different playstyles-Three classes to suit all game styles-Action packedCons:-Not enough players
76561198102259012,Recommended,209080,14702110,"Posted: 28 February, 2015",all,Justinc228,"Great game, very fun, the gameplay is great and having the right team makes it even better, 11/10 would buy again."
,Recommended,209080,10165495,"Posted: 18 May, 2014",all,pikel,Guns of Icargus is a fun experience for anybody who has a loving for high tier ship combat. It is enjoyable and has very good game mechanics with little to no bugs that I have experienced. I recommend this game for people who enjoy action
,Recommended,209080,17223261,"Posted: 25 July, 2015",all,Akuma no Shikaku,"Hello, everyone, who still have not this game bought. What can i narrow about it? NOTHING, only that it`s the best team play game with beautiful battle, piloting,  weather control and other systems. And by all means IT`s only one steampunk game on PC where you could have a real good strategy conversation before deathmatch with baloon airship under the lightning and wind of Post-apocalypse!!!!! It`s one of my best. Buy it and play!!!! 10 of 10 airships))P.  S. : I really love Mobula and Spire!))))0"
76561197963411307,Recommended,209080,12285099,"Posted: 28 September, 2014",all,xLegion,...
,Recommended,209080,10200616,"Posted: 22 May, 2014",all,Katurgat,Just a great game
,Recommended,209080,16009840,"Posted: 26 May, 2015",all,SlattsGordon™,Ight
76561198047227569,Recommended,209080,16044753,"Posted: 28 May, 2015",all,Ezzataii,"If you don't like teamwork then this isn't your game, but if you do.. you're in for a hell of a ride, literally. Invite 3 of your friends to play and decide your roles, then get in a game. With proper communication and teamwork you'll ♥♥♥♥ all your enemies up as you fly and blow em to bits. Must but for those looking for a fun game to play with friends."
,Recommended,209080,3345455,"Posted: 9 August, 2013",all,ThatShawnGuy,"Fantastic steampunk action and good ship customization makes this a must buy for any fans of the naval combat/steampunk genres.Seriously, with a good crew and a good ship you can have a ton of fun.7.5/10The Metascore is ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t."
,Recommended,209080,5435568,"Posted: 23 November, 2012",all,"00FT ""Toast"" Lil' Jim",awesome
,Recommended,209080,9243757,"Posted: 23 February, 2014",all,Tet,AWESOME GAME
,Recommended,209080,9346097,"Posted: 4 March, 2014",all,Ware,Very fun game and requires good teamwork
,Recommended,209080,7545730,"Posted: 1 November, 2013",all,Yugi Muto,"Fun teamwork and Ship battles!2,000,000 stars out of 5!!!!!!"
,Recommended,209080,14545009,"Posted: 19 February, 2015",all,StealthVice7,"Best $14.99 soundtrack ever, 10/10 would buy songs again."
,Recommended,209080,14179787,"Posted: 26 January, 2015",all,yobakage,THIS GAME ONLY FOR TRUE  NONSCOP3RS XDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDD
,Recommended,209080,16457093,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,Ithaldir,"I've spent a lot of time playing this game and I can honesty say that it is one of my favorite games.This game is all about flying air ships and exploding things. And all of it requires teamwork. If your not willing learn and work together with your allies your not going to enjoy the game. It's a good idea to use a mic but using signals and quick typing can be a substitute. It's best when playing with friends but you don't have to, there is an in game friend system so you can make them as you go along. There are four people on a ship and the matches can be as large as 32 people in a 4v4.One thing I like about this game is that there is no kind of grinding. A newb and an experienced player like me can do exactly the same things, experience, strategy, and communication is all that is required to win. If you get wrecked by the enemy team it's not because they're higher level or that they're pay-to-win-ing but because they know what they're doing or you don't. There is an in game store but it just sells clothes to look cool.The population of the game goes in waves as the game goes on sale and youtubers promote it and you always get abuch of new players who rage when they go into a 3v1 fight alone and die or something like that. Know that each player is perfectly balanced, and there is no difference between a level 1 and a level 45 besides experience. However skilled a singer player might be it doesn’t matter if the rest of the team doesn't know what they're doing.My review is less on how much I like the game and more about warning people what it is before they get into it. If you get into it with the wrong idea all it's going to do is make you angry, instead of being fun. All that being said don't bother buying it as full price, it goes on sale regularly every month and is a bunch of indie bundles."
76561198110456663,Recommended,209080,25999378,"Posted: 12 October, 2016",all,StaLKeR,"hey, thats pretty good"
,Recommended,209080,12881012,"Posted: 10 November, 2014",all,NIG,Bruhhh..... 21/10
76561198000418088,Recommended,209080,12890867,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,Szputnyik,Nice new approach to air-based combat. I wished there would be more features and a graphic update.
,Recommended,209080,9160456,"Posted: 17 February, 2014",all,ComradeWinston,"If you ever wanted to play a game where your ship crew fights other ship crews, this is the game for you."
76561198099644438,Recommended,209080,31318671,Posted: 23 April,all,Tolga varlk,bence oyun tam olarak bir parti oyunu yani arkadaşlarınız olmayınca oyunun hiçbir eğlencesi yok fakat arkadaşlarınız varsa oyun çok eğlenceleliARTILARI:+grafikler idare eder+gameplay güzelEKSİLERİ:-eğer arkadaşınız yoksa vakit kaybı-serverler ciddi anlamda çöp oyun bulması çoooooook uzun-optimizasyonu kötükısaca arkadaşLARINIZZ varsa güzel onun dışında almayın derim
,Recommended,209080,8775522,"Posted: 19 January, 2014",all,Hazzx,freeking awsome!
,Recommended,209080,20418590,"Posted: 9 January, 2016",all,Twisted Films Farmskins.com,"Its cheap and good fun. Grab a couple of buddies, and have a blast!"
,Recommended,209080,7892263,"Posted: 2 December, 2013",all,ILikeToBakeCakes,Furcking awesome
76561198031725467,Recommended,209080,7890931,"Posted: 2 December, 2013",all,Buttmogul,people should buy this game because of its amazing overal gameplay
76561198059053049,Recommended,209080,7889973,"Posted: 2 December, 2013",all,HandyRandy,"super fun, but you need to have 4 people to help run ship beacuse randoms."
,Recommended,209080,12704544,"Posted: 30 October, 2014",all,Randalf,Looks like Muse Games Know what teamwork is! the community is great. the teamwork is Great. just would be good with a singleplayer campaign9/10
76561198026628796,Recommended,209080,26874425,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Coffee Shop,This game will make you respect engineers on a whole nother level.
,Recommended,209080,26815387,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Space?,"This game is all about communication between teammates, and that's the part which makes it so fun.Without a mic, it's only half the fun."
76561197970600388,Recommended,209080,25801272,"Posted: 1 October, 2016",all,JethroQWalrusTitty,Best $ I've spent on Steam in a long time. Why haven't you bought it yet?
,Recommended,209080,10304650,"Posted: 31 May, 2014",all,Harrada,"The metacritic review/score does not, at all, accurately reflect this game. It is well made, plays great, and looks fantastic. The only suggestion I would make is play it with friends. Its fun playing alone, but so much better with a ship full of friends you can coordinate with."
76561197974119840,Recommended,209080,10364793,"Posted: 5 June, 2014",all,NuclearPony,"Very fun team game. Which of course comes with the caveat that a lot depends on your teammates, but GoI doesnt seem to have as bad mannered a userbase as games like league of legends so it can often be a fun social experience in comparison. It can seem confusing to figure out what to do when starting out but just make an engineer character, grab a wrench, grab a mallet and an extinguisher and run around fixing the damage to your ship while occasionaly hopping on a gun to shoot and you will be a credit to your ship.My only complaint would be that flamethrowers being used against the ship I am on seem like they tend to drop the games fps to like 5 or 10 at best, other than that the game is very well put together and nicely balanced."
,Recommended,209080,19018376,"Posted: 11 November, 2015",all,SecretDoctor,I like this.
76561198164195307,Recommended,209080,33542705,Posted: 14 July,all,Comrade Mudkip,"The game itself is pretty good, but the playerbase is split into MLG pros with 200 hours in-game, and noobs who just bought it. It can be fun, but you must be prepared to put in a lot of time to make it fun, instead of getting absolutely wrecked every match. Buy if you have a lot of spare time, otherwise maybe avoid. Your choice."
76561198060977283,Recommended,209080,31457715,Posted: 30 April,all,Noother,"sometimes I have wet dreams of playing this game with 3 friends that know what they are doingtoo bad my friend group has a weakest linkits like choosing what you worst stat is going to be in a rpgone of 3 choicescrash into every object, be unable to have any object repaired, be unable to hit any enemies"
,Recommended,209080,28263745,"Posted: 8 December, 2016",all,HOME DEPOT Werdna,I was about to write a bunch of in-depth analysis about my limited experience with this game but I'm going to cut to the chase....Get the ♥♥♥♥ out of the comments and buy the game! We need to grow this community's population!
76561198079443991,Recommended,209080,7789086,"Posted: 27 November, 2013",all,Kirsten,Wish more people played it.
,Recommended,209080,10238223,"Posted: 25 May, 2014",all,The Iron Pig,"This game is very good game to play with friends, not by yourself.Of course you can, but playing with friends is alot more better.Anyways, This game is about a team working to fly a ship and keep it up,since there are other ships trying to shoot you out of the sky.Its very team relied game and think anyone will enjoy it.My Gaming Score:8/10"
76561198115194307,Recommended,209080,33726219,Posted: 22 July,all,MrBoom2000,Gud Gim
76561198027031337,Recommended,209080,23898807,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,Toefooo,iz gud
,Recommended,209080,8177445,"Posted: 21 December, 2013",all,mscigniew777︻デ═一,"One of the best CO-OP games I played.The screenshots,nor trailers wont show You what this game is,you have to try it for Yourself.You have to work with Your team,communicate all the time,it`s in tense and action packed but in the same time very tactical game Highly recomend it"
76561198065318616,Recommended,209080,16218248,"Posted: 5 June, 2015",all,AndroidFreeKing,cool
76561198134591865,Recommended,209080,18540607,"Posted: 17 October, 2015",all,Stock Villain,Great game
,Recommended,209080,16384507,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,Shatterbot,░░█▀░░░░░░░░░░░▀▀███████░░░░░░█▌░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░▀██████░░░░█▌░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░███████▌░░░█░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░████████░░▐▌░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░▀██████▌░░░▌▄███▌░░░░▀████▄░░░░▀████▌░░▐▀▀▄█▄░▌░░░▄██▄▄▄▀░░░░████▄▄░▐░▀░░═▐░░░░░░══░░▀░░░░▐▀░▄▀▌▌▐░░░░░▌░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░▀░▀░░▌▌▐░░░▄▀░░░▀░▌░░░░░░░░░░░░▌█░▌▌░▌░░▀▀▄▄▀▀▄▌▌░░░░░░░░░░▐░▀▐▐░░▌░░▌░▄▄▄▄░░░▌░░░░░░░░▐░░▀▐░░░█░▐▄██████▄░▐░░░░░░░░█▀▄▄▀░░░▐░▌▌░░░░░░▀▀▄▐░░░░░░█▌░░░░░░░░█░░▄▀▀▀▀▄░▄═╝▄░░░▄▀░▌░░░░░░░░░▌▐░░░░░░▌░▀▀░░▄▀░░▐░░░░░░░░░░▀▄░░░░░░░░░▄▀▀░░░░█░░░░░░░░░░▄█▄▄▄▄▄▄▄▀▀░░░░░░░▌▌░░░░░░░░▄▀▌▀▌░░░░░░░░░░░░░▄▀▀▄░░░░░▄▀░░▌░▀▄░░░░░░░░░░▄▀░░▌░▀▄░░░░░░░▌█▄▄▀▄░░░░░░▄▀░░░░▌░░░▌▄▄░░░▄▐██████▄▄░▄▀░░▄▄▄▄▌░░░░▄░░░▄▌████████▄▄▄███████▌░░░░░▄░▄▀░██████████████████▌▀▄░░░░▀░░░█████▀▀░░░▀███████░░░▀▄░░░░░░▐█▀░░░▐░░░░░▀████▌░░░░▀▄░░░░░░░▌░░░▐░░░░▐░░▀▀█░░░░░░░▀░░░░░░▐░░░░▌░░░▐░░░░░▌░░░░░░░░╔╗║░╔═╗░═╦═░░░░░╔╗░░╔═╗░╦═╗░░║║║░║░║░░║░░░░░░╠╩╗░╠═╣░║░║░░║╚╝░╚═╝░░║░░░░░░╚═╝░║░║░╩═╝░
76561198056355740,Recommended,209080,15871696,"Posted: 17 May, 2015",all,thecookierebel,very fun
76561198107790428,Recommended,209080,15874155,"Posted: 17 May, 2015",all,Heavily Armed Potato,"My experience with this game has been great. The combat system is wonderful, the gameplay is engaging, and the community is (for the most part) very fun and helpful. I get the feeling I'll be playing this one for awhile."
,Recommended,209080,15874197,"Posted: 17 May, 2015",all,White Phoenix,Ran around my ship fixing anything and everything that took even the slightest hit.Ship took barely any damage; every enemy ship we fought got completely wrecked.Team won the day: was thanked by the whole team for my efforts. Thanked them in return.11/10 would feel like a Chief Engineer again.
,Recommended,209080,15872273,"Posted: 17 May, 2015",all,Androbion,Recommend it!! Very different of the other teamwork type games!!
76561198128008771,Recommended,209080,14122378,"Posted: 22 January, 2015",all,Zabuza,An amazing game
76561198049685651,Not Recommended,209080,29055219,Posted: 6 January,all,The Renegade,"What was I thinking when I bought this game, I jokingly suggested to get this game to some friends and I ♥♥♥♥ed up and they bought it. I almost feel sorry for them, it's a waste of time if you don't have 16 ppl to play with because everyone I've played with takes this game more serious than WW2 even though it's a child game and the coders didn't even take the game that seriously when they made it."
,Recommended,209080,16045624,"Posted: 28 May, 2015",all,CatsReverything,I had a crew..............they died10/7 would bad pilot again
,Recommended,209080,9874178,"Posted: 19 April, 2014",all,James Logan 87,"This game is awesome. yo fly balloons armed to the teeth against each other online. I you buy this I strongly suggest that you get a microphone because it involves a lot of team communication in order to win. besides that it's a ""Must-Have"""
76561198080189967,Recommended,209080,9177077,"Posted: 18 February, 2014",all,Sevensins,Yes I recommend games
76561198042202647,Recommended,209080,14526767,"Posted: 18 February, 2015",all,gENERICJET,One of the games where you can whack an engine with a rubber mallet and it gets fixed..........10/10 would whack again
,Recommended,209080,14502309,"Posted: 16 February, 2015",all,Measha_Brota,tudey i tell u al abut the geam gunz of icaruuuuuu............. IZ GREET
76561198062461995,Recommended,209080,16350099,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,LNCR | LoLegolas,"Buy this game... Buy it now.  Guns of Icarus Online is quite possibly the best game I've ever played.  The gameplay is wonderously entertaining and fresh.  The community is full of passionately loyal players.  Plus, how can you beat gathering up your friends to fly around in a steampunky zeppelin, armed to the teeth, collectively cooperating to blow up enemy dirigible airships?  You can't, no one can!  Oh, and did I mention, don't miss out on the chance, every single week, to play along side the game developers to see if you can literally ""beat them at their own game.""  Not only is it always a blast, but If you do manage to 'Beat the Devs,' they hook you up with free, glittering prizes!  It's rad, you'll see..."
,Recommended,209080,16331920,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,Xelphor,Started GameWent to a MatchCaptian Says: Repair the balloonI do itI turn aroundCaptain say: Repair the balloonI do it againI Turn aroundThen the Captain says: Repair the balloonI do it againI Turn aroundThen the Captain says: Repair the balloonI do it againI Turn aroundThen the Captain says: Repair the balloonI do it againI Turn aroundThen the Captain says: Repair the balloonI do it againI Turn aroundThen the Captain says: Repair the balloonI do it againI Turn aroundThen the Captain says: Repair the balloonI do it againI Turn aroundThen the Captain says: Repair the balloonI do it againthen we explodeThis goes on for the rest of the match11/10 Would repair the balloon again
76561198078831147,Recommended,209080,14930000,"Posted: 16 March, 2015",all,Captain Slow,Jeremy Clarkson Simulator....all you have to do to fix something is hitting it with a hammer..
76561197990404408,Recommended,209080,15894611,"Posted: 18 May, 2015",all,Gurps,Super fun if you can get 2 or more friends to play with you.
76561198109729132,Recommended,209080,17118509,"Posted: 18 July, 2015",all,什モㄈにモ尺,-Joined Crew-Everyone spoke at once-It was extremely hectic-Won game-11/10
,Recommended,209080,16406485,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,jrd,Awesome casual game. Run around screaming at each other as your captain repeatedly turns the guns away from the enemy!
,Recommended,209080,16416213,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,Snowdenski,You can be Captain Jack Sparrow and blow your enemies out of the skies.All that is needed to be said.
,Recommended,209080,28480849,"Posted: 19 December, 2016",all,uni_kyle (SLAV),Is good stuff.
,Recommended,209080,28417403,"Posted: 16 December, 2016",all,theDemolisher13,"This game is really fun when you got a good crew with you so I must insist please play it with a group of friends and not randoms unless you are fighting another ship of randoms. Other then that you and your friends will be running around your ship repairing god knows what as things begin to break on you, while you try to shoot down the other teams ships. Depending on how good each ships crew are will determin how long battles can be as evenly mach foes can drag out  while foes with unevenly match crew will end in a cake as the one who works best beating the other 9 out of 10 times."
,Recommended,209080,28440344,"Posted: 17 December, 2016",all,Jogimadx,It's a great Team-Based Multiplayer Game. It has improved since the day I bought the game. The UI has improved and the Matchlist feature makes it easier to jump into action. Currently there are about 80 players online at a time; In the weekend there could be as many as 200 players online.
,Recommended,209080,28499283,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,Hay Lobos,"An amazing game about crewing steampunk airships as a team. One person steers the craft, while the crew scrambles to man the different gun positions and repair damaged parts to keep the ship afloat. In-game chat is decent, the gameplay is really fun and fast-paced. Graphics are pretty but not extraordinary. The ships have a wide range of types and are pretty original: the art style of this game is excellent, and one of the reasons I like to play it.I bought a multi-pack for friends, but it's hard to find people to play sometimes."
76561198088025010,Recommended,209080,28482595,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,defender0134,"Fun game if you have a four person group. Any more or less and it's not as enjoyable. Still, its a very fun game once your team gets into rhythm."
,Recommended,209080,21145853,"Posted: 11 February, 2016",all,blingtendo,Love it and can't wait for more content :DThe game would be ALOT more fun though if you could raid other ships and pvp which would be cool. So far I love it though.
,Recommended,209080,10113624,"Posted: 14 May, 2014",all,Cavalyn,"Great fun, though I imagine the game would be more fun with a crew of your own friends. It's a very frantic game with a surprising amount of strategy and mechanics. You can tailor the weapons on your ship, choose from 6 or so different ships. Three classes, different item loadouts...It's the worst feeling when someone shoots out your balloon and you've crashed on the ground, just to be circled by enemies assaulting you while you're ""dead in the water."""
,Recommended,209080,21084910,"Posted: 9 February, 2016",all,El Burro,you can set flamethrowers on fire10/10
76561198087300945,Recommended,209080,7921024,"Posted: 4 December, 2013",all,Sharkey,"Awesome game, don't listen to the metacritic critic reviews, let the user reviews speak for themselves. If Co-op ship combat is your thing you'll love this game. It's a blast being able to captain the ship with live players contributing to your success and it's equally as fun playing as a crew member and supporting the team. The best captain will have a tough time with a poor crew. It all comes together amazingly.Currently one of my favorite games."
,Recommended,209080,30882759,Posted: 1 April,all,Vincent90!,The game is fun
76561198023321253,Recommended,209080,27410344,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,agedice,"love the game love the concept ......i know not ALOT of other reviews....but its 4 years since released on steam , and very little improvements. not happy that i gotta pay almost $20 for dlc , in which i paid less for the game. and its a new mode not a new game , so i dont see how they can justify such a high price for a game which sadly is dying out. think devs need to do a kick started to get a suddenly crap load of money , and really turn things up a notch. i really do wish to see this game become more then what it has become. great at the start , comm got sour , game modes get dull , match making epicly unbalanced , not sure if devs could code the game this way , but make it so the match making goes by how many hours you have put into the game,"
,Recommended,209080,20449031,"Posted: 10 January, 2016",all,Scheiße,"GOIO, oh how dear of a game this is to me. Such a tiny playerbase, almost never over 300. While this is usally the kiss of death for ANY multiplayer game, this is actually GOIO's saving grace. This game requires intense teamwork, chemistry, and communication to win. Given the tiny playerbase, you will get too know many of the players fairly quickly, and well. This makes working together much, much better.Plus it's small nature makes the community far less toxic. Novices that are willing to learn here are going to find possibly one of the most warmest, and welcoming communities on Steam.Now, on a gameplay front, do I recommend this game? A 100% YES! There is no game out there, so far, that is like GOIO. Each ship is different, feels different, and controls different. You could be shooting across the battlefield lighting everything on fire, or crawling as a tank firing off millions of devestating rockets from your broadsides. The easy communication, and the fact that ping plays almost no factor in wether you will win or not is a wonderful thing. Each ship has it's weaknesses and strengths, each gun does something good or interesting. Nothing is truly overpowered, and with an ounce of planning and communication can completely be countered.Now my only complaint is to truly enjoy this game, you are 100% GOING TO NEED a microphone. Captains without a Mic are at a huge disadvantage. Less so for engineers or Gunners, but still recommended. But aside from that, this game is truly one of my favorites on steam.9/10"
,Recommended,209080,26054481,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,Spooksenhower,"It's really, really fun, but only when you have 3 friends to back you up."
76561198089243031,Recommended,209080,14244986,"Posted: 30 January, 2015",all,The Hidden,"DID YOU EVER WANT TO BE A STEAMPUNK MAN WITH A FLYING BOATDID YOU EVER WANT TO HAVE WIND IN YOUR HAIR, SUSPENSE AS YOU FLY THROUGH THE CLOUDSDID YOUR PARENTS EVER TELL YOU YOULL NEVER AMOUNT TO ANYTHING AND YOU CRIED YOURSELF TO SLEEP BECAUSE YOU COULDNT PROVE THEM WRONGTHIS IS THE GAME FOR YOUYOU ♥♥♥♥ING GO CLANGCLANGCLANG AS AN ENGINEER, PEWPEWPEW AS A GUNNER AND AYYY MATEY WE'S GOING TO TREASURE PLANET J/K ♥♥♥♥ING GET ON THOSE GUNS YOU ♥♥♥♥♥ AS A CAPTAINITS SO ♥♥♥♥ING GOOD, YOU ARE FLYING TO TREASURE PLANET ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥, BUT YOU GOTTA TAKE DOWN THEM ♥♥♥♥♥ ♥♥♥ HOES TRYING TO STOP YOU. ARE YOU GONNA LET THEM? ♥♥♥♥ NO.BUY THIS GAME AND HAVE THE MOST AMAZING ♥♥♥♥ING MULTIPLAYER FUNTIME OF INTENSITY CLANKING AND STEAMPUNK SINCE FOREVERI CAME"
76561197962247094,Recommended,209080,8803969,"Posted: 21 January, 2014",all,dragonwhisker,Nothing else like it out there.
,Recommended,209080,13784906,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,SuperAyzeek,Super!
76561198362477846,Recommended,209080,31170562,Posted: 15 April,all,daftloon,Alliance is better but this is still pretty fun.
,Recommended,209080,31185680,Posted: 16 April,all,Khal Boh,Cool game
,Recommended,209080,15934008,"Posted: 21 May, 2015",all,Uptown Fuck,"Really interesting. Bought it, never played it. Lucky it was only 6 bucks."
,Recommended,209080,10208371,"Posted: 23 May, 2014",all,Depsyy,"Finally a great game where teamwork goes beyond everything else! You are member of the steampunk themed flying ship crew and you can work either as a pilot, engineer or gunner. Great game and I highly recommend to everyone, community is very friendly as well."
76561198070306496,Recommended,209080,11826251,"Posted: 22 August, 2014",all,Plesin,Airship skirmishes and fast paced action.TENOUTENN
76561198037277669,Recommended,209080,26697749,"Posted: 19 November, 2016",all,Ova Wolf,it is a good game 3 out 5 they lost a point for selling half a game could have been 4 out 5 and i can give up to a -5 or 5 so this game came out good however for $9 your only buying half a game  so if the bundle out get that instead or you will have to pay 24.98 for the whole game other then that tad point it really fun!on a side point alot of people hate the interface it don't bug me any but somthing to look into.
76561198145542305,Not Recommended,209080,28482751,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,Ancientorder,Fun game with some nice mechanics and a scenery that just works well and i would love it even more however.....i dont know if it's just me but whenever i play no one seems to be on and while i really would be reccomending this game right now i cant play a pvp game without the pvp so unfortunatly it's a thumbs down from me.
76561198165832955,Recommended,209080,24326341,"Posted: 14 July, 2016",all,Dablow,is fun lol
,Recommended,209080,6866634,"Posted: 10 August, 2013",all,delgolfo?,10 out of 10 would ♥♥♥♥
,Recommended,209080,13000015,"Posted: 18 November, 2014",all,dboyleon,"Let me just say...if you don't buy this game then you seriously need to reevaluate your life. Best. Game. Ever. Teamwork has never been more crucial than it is in this game. If you can't communicate with your team, then chances are you will die in a blaze of gunfire and explosions...BUT, if you can manage to work with your crew, keep repairs up, and glide in and out of the fight, then you will discover the wonders of watching an enemy ship crash and burn. Taking out a ship is no easy task, but good teamwork will make all the difference."
76561197972188950,Recommended,209080,12754661,"Posted: 2 November, 2014",all,Geometer,"This game is seriously awesome!Why? Meaningful choices and team-based combat with VOIP support  integrated create a multiplayer experience that is truly rare and enjoayble. While the game is in fact first-person, calling it an FPS would be missing the point. It's more like a cooperative battle between small crews of 4 in teams of usually 2-4 airships each. The voice chat is well-considered; crews can talk amongst each other and the captain of each airship can talk with the other captains on that team.Victory requires good teamwork not only on a given team, but each crew must coordinate their efforts to succeed. Even losing can be a lot of fun because of the cooperative ""we're all in this together"" gameplay. There is also some player progression, but it is minimal and has little effect on the gameplay itself, allowing character customization instead.Matches are sorted based on your dynamic player ranking, so players with similar skill levels tend to be matched up together.The only complaint I have is that while there is a pretty decent selection of ships, it would be nice to have more variety in maps. But this is a minor want and the game is overall one of my favorites."
,Recommended,209080,14181782,"Posted: 26 January, 2015",all,gun jesus,More like Treasure Planet Online.God i love treasure planet.
76561198093944200,Recommended,209080,24681158,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,Mophise,"I love this game. The concept and setting are great. The execution makes for good gameplay -  more so when the crew all knows what to do.The Alliance DLC: Far more balanced that the last public test. I haven't played enough to say beyond that, yet. It's still enough to change my vote.----Old Review------The week of free access to their new dlc ""Alliance"" is possibly the worst mistake they could have made. it's horribly imbalanced and near-impossible to win. I understand that them finally getting some new content out is a good sign, but if this is their idea of how the dlc should feel, I won't buy it.If they do a free week once they release it, I'll try it again then, and adjust this review accordingly. As it stands, I can't see myself giving them anything for it."
,Recommended,209080,15120681,"Posted: 29 March, 2015",all,HAIIAMFISH,"Me: ""did Kevin just crash""Friend 1: ""oh♥♥♥♥♥♥quot;Me: ""Who's gonna pilot this thing?""Friend 1: ""oh god Julian's trying""Me: ""we're all dead""Then, suddenly, as a rainbow after the storm, Kevin rose from his grave of internet crashing and said,""GGGEEEEEEEEEETTTTTTTTTT OFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFF TTTTTTTTTTHHHHHHHHHHEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE WWWWWWWWWHHHHHHHHHHHHHEEEEEEEEEEELLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!""We won that game."
,Recommended,209080,12716638,"Posted: 31 October, 2014",all,Bud Lightbeer,"Great game for teamwork, lots of fun no matter how good you are."
,Recommended,209080,23745549,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,Celestial,"This is probably the greatest game I've ever played, next to bad rats"
,Recommended,209080,34298685,Posted: 16 August,all,IcyCyborg,"Pretty fun game, if you suck at teamwork and communication or don't have any good friends you play with though this game will suck for you XD."
76561198277222344,Recommended,209080,34266868,Posted: 15 August,all,FRIENDLY neighborhood changeling,10 hour update for infoming that the game is on a sale
76561198116016235,Recommended,209080,28945987,Posted: 2 January,all,ciel,⊂_ヽ＼＼ ＿＼(　•_•) F<　⌒ヽ A/ 　 へ＼ B/　　/　＼＼ Uﾚ　ノ　　 ヽ_つ L/　/ O/　/ U(　(ヽ S|　|、＼.| 丿 ＼ ⌒)| |　　) /ノ )　　Lﾉ__(／___
76561198120112629,Recommended,209080,12802337,"Posted: 5 November, 2014",all,spykav00,"best team game, best community ever, you should definitely get this"
76561197995221234,Recommended,209080,19282586,"Posted: 26 November, 2015",all,GenralKrabz,fkn good bro
,Recommended,209080,19293242,"Posted: 26 November, 2015",all,No,It looks cool. Gonna try it out :D
,Recommended,209080,8960594,"Posted: 3 February, 2014",all,Chivalric Panda,Your review cannot be empty.
,Not Recommended,209080,10291286,"Posted: 30 May, 2014",all,"M, the Cleaner <<Omega>>","Oh, Guns of Icarus, the game that has become as brittle and frail as the wooden ships it's based around. While the game itself is by no means a ""terrible"" game (pretty simple teamwork concept where each role has their own strengths/weaknesses), the lack of a genuine playerbase has put it on its last legs and makes me think that it won't be around for much longer. Games often take in the tens of minutes to form, rarely having full crews forcing constant implementation of bots to fill the voids. Even if you happen to get into one of those rare games, the skill-levels between players are often too large to make games rewarding, with the currently diminished playerbase consisting of either really good/legacy players or brand new players who know nothing of their roles and just decided to try it on a whim. Although they recently added a new super-smart-by-them DLC (they added pve, essentially halving queue times), an online playerbase of 100 people at the time of writing, 4 hours after the DLC came out, puts the writing on the wall for it.All in all, I'd have to say that it isn't a good game now. Back a few years ago, it was. Sadly, the sheer lack of people playing it is too hard to avoid and ultimately makes it not worth spending any time or money on."
,Recommended,209080,24683657,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,clay man,wat is this game? you like fix a ship?
76561198147963209,Recommended,209080,28731384,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,Free Real Estate,My ship went down faster than the Twin Towers
,Recommended,209080,1629290,"Posted: 24 June, 2013",all,Wolfy ^_^,"This game is the ultimate sky battle and with an good team, this game is very fun to play, and the devolpers are very good and keep adding cool new stuff!"
76561198114262624,Recommended,209080,12326066,"Posted: 2 October, 2014",all,|FEVER| Deltascourge,Got disconnected while in a game with friends. They lost. I no longer have any friends. 10/10
76561198315626015,Recommended,209080,34996353,Posted: 16 September,all,Syel Allouch,"Very fun game, best played with a microphone. Be nice to the captains; they have enough to deal with without your whining."
,Recommended,209080,2288692,"Posted: 6 August, 2013",all,EazyEd420,Epic....Just Epic
76561198021658679,Recommended,209080,13516723,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,Noob Van Noob,"holy♥♥♥♥♥♥this game is amazing.    never bought it before because i heard it was very buggy at launch but after i picked it up for 3.74 on sale,   i'm mad i didnt pick this one up sooner.   tons of fun to be had here."
,Recommended,209080,9171253,"Posted: 18 February, 2014",all,MoNoX ツ,"very nice game with teamply elements, not like other games :)"
,Recommended,209080,12890507,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,Rareform K. Rozhkov,Addictive. One of my most played games on steam
,Recommended,209080,16042072,"Posted: 28 May, 2015",all,Triva,Not bad Game ;]
76561198114927096,Recommended,209080,10239381,"Posted: 26 May, 2014",all,Tony Abbott,"I like to pretend I am a Soviet submarine captain, commanding my ship into battle with those American scum."
76561198052650591,Recommended,209080,14809653,"Posted: 9 March, 2015",all,KuL`Voni,"no comment, just like."
,Recommended,209080,14170609,"Posted: 25 January, 2015",all,diverjojo,"I run at a 4g ram with all the settings on low, a low resolution, all the effects turned off, and it still has a terrible problem with frame rate issues. but that aside, it looks to be fun.so to sum it up, here's what you should get it for (or what you have)get it if--you have friends to play with.-have a mic.-have a nice pc (for a smooth experience)-like to play ""different"" battle games.so, this game is a true gem to be honest. I just don't have enough to run it smoothly on all low settings and low res."
,Recommended,209080,34999500,Posted: 16 September,all,Julius_the_Great,Very solid and well-executed airship war game. It is very immersive and really feels like you're gunning or repairing an actual airship while being bombarded by lasers and missiles from the opposing. Player base is not very extensive but you can basically always find a match.
76561198160209913,Recommended,209080,29196923,Posted: 11 January,all,SlickSerpent,PLEASE GET THIS GAYME THE GAME IS GREAT but we NEEEEEED PLAYERS! Only YOU can save this game!
76561197973112890,Recommended,209080,34926821,Posted: 13 September,all,BlackSun,Haven't played a whole lot but so far so good. Whatever bugs were before are fixed and connection speed is good. Pretty easy to learn to and a great coop game.
,Recommended,209080,28604489,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,Real_Pinochet,it looks pretty good
76561198073692439,Not Recommended,209080,19279317,"Posted: 25 November, 2015",all,Qosm,"I wish I could recommend this game; it's well designed with a well thought out and properly executed concept--but the community will turn you off of it immediately. In so many words, they're unstable elitists who would turn GoI into an E-Sport. They take the hundreds of wasted hours of their lives as some great opus, as if one's understanding of the simple and easily trained mechanics of this game can somehow be improved by time. Please notice that I said trained and not learned in the previous sentence. No real high level thought goes into this game, at least for a moderately functioning human being with more complex answers to find than ""This ammo goes with this gun."" and ""I should keep my boat next to his.""The developers refuse to even acknowledge this as a problem, and they're only hurting themsleves; as the brutal cycle of new players getting abused out of playing and veteran players getting kicked out of their parents' house will eventually leave the community tattered and frayed, and the dead game once known as Guns of Icarus will fade into even greater obscurity--a relic in it's own time."
,Recommended,209080,10159530,"Posted: 18 May, 2014",all,MeSako,"You looking for a Competetiv co-op multiplayer game?Well, then you have come to the right place. Let me tell you, this games co-op is a nessesety for the succes of a match. Communication is just a vital or things might get ugly pretty fast.There is no classic progresson, everything the game has to offer is yours to acces from the get go, nothing can get bought to give you an edge over others. Nope, it is your own, and your teammates, personal skills that is determinant."
,Recommended,209080,8869992,"Posted: 27 January, 2014",all,The Temps,Fantastic Co-op gameplay experience with forming strategies and using class systems to the advantage of your crew!
,Recommended,209080,10214175,"Posted: 23 May, 2014",all,R△TM△N,Theres airships. Its alright.
,Recommended,209080,10223200,"Posted: 24 May, 2014",all,Flame2057,AWESOME GAME GREAT COMMUNITY
76561198022377661,Recommended,209080,7349314,"Posted: 9 October, 2013",all,Subiectus,Norppa Wants You!
76561198150670212,Recommended,209080,20101135,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,123,"Mixed feelings here. If I had to give it a numerical value, I would say 7/10. But it's a strong 7, and a strong 3.The positives - Very unique and works really well. No bugs, no major glaring problems in gameplay, it takes skill and teamwork from everyone to be successful.The few ships they do have are all very interesting an each have their ups and downs. You got to master the ship to be successful.There are a lot of weapons which is nice. A variety of long ranged cannons, gattling guns, missles, flame thrower, right onThe maps are beautiful and each one more unique than the last. Knowing which map you'll be using can influence your ship as well so just another thing to getThe ConsAverage about 500 players on at any given time, peeks around 700. There's so few players it's not uncommon to run into the same teams over and over again.You need to reach level 8 before able to legitimately use non-novice ships. But if you end up matched with people who aren't novice, they can use the higher teir ships against you. And when you're kickin it in a goldfish or junker and you get  Hwacha spammed, then it's gg no re you're goin down.Lots of guns, few legitimate choices. People generally load out with the same guns because they are the most effective. Hwacha's, flame throwers, gatling guns, that's all you need in life.Speaking of levels. They come very slowly, very very slowly, and  you need to do random♥♥♥♥♥achievements as well. It forces you to put yourself into bad situations like spamming certain pilot items (which damage your engines) or using certain ships. BlahSpeaking of Ships... And guns.. You can't just put any gun anywhere and call it good. Certain ships cannot use certain guns in certain spots which gives them a sevre handicap whentl;dr I recommend trying it out. Make some friends, play together, but keep it casual. It's not going to be some long term game"
,Recommended,209080,28132111,"Posted: 1 December, 2016",all,Rptr04,This game filled my fix for capital ship gameplay - but in a non-traditional environment. Fun game. I wish this genre was more popular so more developers would make games like this.
,Recommended,209080,24785625,"Posted: 8 August, 2016",all,FieserMoep,Best Coop gameplay you can get.
,Recommended,209080,28701289,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,rut420,Cool and Good.
76561198130063094,Recommended,209080,24129671,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,MuzzUK,"I really like GOIO and it's a shame this game has a small community (200/300 per day play) as they could have had something unique here other games like Air Buccaneers that try to do what this game does have failed. Even though the community is small there's still enough people around to play daily. GOIO does what it sets out to be quite well.I feel GOIO could benefit from a free2play model with skins or cosmetics to open it up to a wider audience and get more people playing. I have more hours clocked up than my profile says as I played it for about 10-15 hours before it went on Steam. Sadly I don't have friends who want to try it again so I tend not to play it but it's a good game and different from normal shooters. I heard there are plans to develop this into an MMO however nothing seems to have happened in the last few years. This is such an underrated multiplayer game!Basically this is an airship first person team shooter with classes. You pick an airship... as you'd expect some are fast, some do damage and some are tanky. One guy flies it and the others run around shooting the enemy ships, spotting for the gunner and others go around repairing damage systems such as engines, guns and the hull. Most maps feature 2v2 or 3v3 team's which are really fun and there's traditional 1v1. The game has a real cyber punk feel!You do have a little bit of character creation and customisation and you are able to pick loadouts for the airship but the focus of the game is getting in and playing quickly. The only annoying thing about this game is the crap AI who fill slots when there's not enough players. That said I haven't played for a while so AI could have been patched and improved.I find the game fun, fast and frantic... for some reason WHEN WE DID USED TO PLAY my friends always put the worse person in charge of flying which led to moments of terror, chaos, hilarious moments and lots of Skype abuse for said person."
76561198080647536,Recommended,209080,12654260,"Posted: 27 October, 2014",all,JohnPodesta,simply the best!
76561198031246540,Recommended,209080,14153952,"Posted: 24 January, 2015",all,kenta,This game is excellent! I wish more people would play it!
76561198066515715,Recommended,209080,15732874,"Posted: 7 May, 2015",all,RJ,this is an encrediball game its fun its hard all ya need a a crew i would recomened whating for it tow go on sail and then bying a copy for all yiour frnds the comunity is good and all but it only takes one sower grape to runwan the round.youll love the sstory you get when somthing amassing happens youll laff at the jokes people make in the lobies youll have fun make freds and feel just a little better about the worldprossuper complexthe devs realy care about this game it will be more expens in the futurerealy raely funrealy chalgingrealy actavenot to manny bugs or lage ishuscompetatavether is suns of irerish playersconsnoobs have now idya how to play but there is a pratice for anny one who caresthere is a hat boying system but they are no perks you do not haved to by anthing everit hase a learing curv but it is a curve you will learn somthing new quick offtantry hards or every werethe engans make a realy loud sound so you ithere need to turn them doun and have feal less exited or it is hard to here your teamit is a lot more fun with a head set  youll probly need a head setsome people pretned to be irerish
76561198000909638,Recommended,209080,14504023,"Posted: 16 February, 2015",all,Ninh,"*Asks captain to turn to the right, so I can shoot with the large cannon**Captain turns left**Ship explodes and everyone dies*11/10 for following directions"
,Recommended,209080,5287174,"Posted: 24 February, 2013",all,Zigizmund,Стоит поиграть ради стимпанка =3
,Recommended,209080,9071841,"Posted: 12 February, 2014",all,Skylord_Wolfgang,Action packed
,Recommended,209080,23942625,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,Enraged Raccoon [ITA],"Jump aboard a flying steam machine and dominate the skies with your friends.Choose your ship between 7 different models, fit them with a vast array of guns and weapons and man it with your four-players crew.Co-operation is vital: specialize yourself in one of the three main ""professions"" (Pilot, Gunner, Engineer) and do your best to keep your ship working and going, unless you want to visit the afterlife prematurely.A good number of maps and game modes makes every game different and extremely exciting.8/10 - The game is extremely good, well made, frequently updated and the developers are really awesome towards the community.The only problem is the lack of players online at most times, which makes trying to play a game of patiently waiting in front of the matchmaking lobby screen.Put your goggles on, sky-soldier, and may your engines always drive you onward to glory!"
76561198018037690,Not Recommended,209080,15980732,"Posted: 24 May, 2015",all,fox,"Get it on a sale (as in 350 days out of 365), play it for 4 days, get frustrated and drop it forever. The good days are long gone. For now?This game is a great idea, truly, great gameplay mechanic, immense strategic depth. It simply doesn't survive. Just look at the community numbers going up and diving down like the Greek stock exchange after a while.If you manage to survive the nightmare that is the matchmaking system and actually gather a crew of 3 desperate souls, then maybe, MAYBE, the game can show its potential."
,Not Recommended,209080,19602989,"Posted: 10 December, 2015",all,Dudewatjuzhapnd,"This game is great its fun thrilling and very Team based. Its always fun to jump onto Gun of Icarus and fly with some friends but I honoslty would not reccomend the game to anyone. Match making is horrible to the point where if you just start off you will only find games with experinced players and many do not like to help. The so called community ambassodors and mods are mainly made up of angry people and would take advantage of new players (which they are supposed to help) then there are a few that will help you, but they are few and far between.The game is pretty much Clan based if you do not join an active Clan in the game you will be forced to pretty much lose every game because almost every Clan/player in the game stacks lobbies to the point where you can be a new player fighting against people who have 1000 hours in the game, you are not likely to win.The learning curve is steep and most people do not make it far enough to experince the game and all its glory, its beautiful landscape, cool AIRSHIPS,and very fun gameplay. The game lacks the community and care of the staff that run it only 300 people online tops most days and they are all people who have played the game for about 1000 hours or more. Some people in the game are great and will help you and be very nice, then you have the other 80% of the community where you just get rage and cursed out by them.As it stands now any new player or any of my friends wanting to get into this game I would tell them no its not worth the money and time to learn the game. I would discribe this game as a MOBA for having so many toxic players that going on is sometimes not fun. I would much rather go play something that I know I will get toxic players like Leauge, a game based solely on its community of 100-300 players should not be that toxic."
12394802938409238,Not Recommended,209080,33138363,Posted: 2 July,all,Mr.Jack,"No population, game is unplayable. You can only play with others.. the ques are hours long because the population is completely withered. Don't waste money on this."
,Not Recommended,209080,14717592,"Posted: 1 March, 2015",all,Nis,"For a high asking price, and long matchmaking times, as well as short matches, and lots of rage, I would not recommend Guns of Icarus Online to anyone. After the initial 5 months player count plummeted, and the only people left are hardcore. Maybe worth playing with friends, but not others."
,Not Recommended,209080,32115380,Posted: 1 June,all,DanPhyronix,Who thought it would be a good idea to give this game 800+ achievements? Ridiculous.
,Not Recommended,209080,31759759,Posted: 14 May,all,intox. Requiesta de Silencia,"This is an F2P game that the developers packaged and tried to sell to us for a much greater price than it was worth. Currently they've dropped the price by more than 1/3rd of its original and it still hasn't increased the player base. This is a serious problem when you consider the fact that the game doesn't have single player and they're going to try and sell us the single player portion of this game separately for $20.This game doesn't just not get my recommendation, it gets the opposite. Do not buy this game, at any price it is not worth it."
,Not Recommended,209080,31071078,Posted: 10 April,all,Ben; Macau Shotgun Specialist,"Get alliance instead, game is dead"
76561198139810362,Not Recommended,209080,31500908,Posted: 1 May,all,Maou,"Heh, why would anyone trust a company thats selling a somwhat identical game just cuz this went to the ground? Shameful"
,Recommended,209080,10214977,"Posted: 23 May, 2014",all,Arrakis,"Really, Very, even A LOT of fun. It's like Sky Captain and the World of Tomorrow meets Space Pirate Captain Harlock."
76561198017570601,Not Recommended,209080,32176606,Posted: 4 June,all,Fap Tissue,"Games died, no nore than 2 dozen people online at any given time, and rhe majority of those are autistic. Back in the old days it was a good game but sadly its just terrible now."
76561198071434888,Not Recommended,209080,17694544,"Posted: 24 August, 2015",all,DaBikeGuy,"The game itself is fine, fun even. But the player base and match making system (Provided you can get a match) are not even close to fun. I really wouldn't suggest this game to anyone due to those two facts. Waiting 20 minutes to get into a match only to be asked to leave because you are a new player or not high enough level is an infuriating waste of time, and even worse when the game barley cracks 200 players online at any given time."
76561198143863884,Not Recommended,209080,32838667,Posted: 26 June,all,"\""*""cjirons""*""\","Cool concept, BUT dont bother with this game, but i would try out the new guns of icarus game tho..."
76561198117622489,Recommended,209080,31775471,Posted: 15 May,all,Shadowsun,Fun Game!
,Recommended,209080,18859608,"Posted: 3 November, 2015",all,about 47 t-rexes,"Lots of tryhards, but still awesome"
,Recommended,209080,14472591,"Posted: 14 February, 2015",all,PirateGuy,"REPAIR THE BALLOON BABA BOOEY BABA BOOEYhow to enjoy guns of icarus:1. customize your character2.a. pick a gamemode, ship and crew position2.b. pick captain always pick captain you can't trust these useless ♥♥♥♥s for a second3. tell everyone to man the fore guns4. helplessly scream at your crew while smacking a wrench against your weaponized zeppelin as everything burns to the ground5. hope your opponents are sinking faster than you are6. BABA BOOEY"
,Recommended,209080,28882334,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,Akzotus,It's amazing provided you have a crew/fleet. By yourself you're gonna get stomped.GREAT fun with others though!
76561198267332505,Recommended,209080,31463200,Posted: 30 April,all,yEzuZ bAuMZ  ¯\_(ツ)_/¯,nice game but runs poorly
76561198006986577,Not Recommended,209080,28685477,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,DragonElderX9,"It's a cool concept and all, but it doesn't come together very well.  We(friends) played a few games and just got annihilated, so it could be the matchmaking, but it's not an easy game to come into as a noob.  I'm sure we'll try it again someday though, because it is fun."
,Recommended,209080,25605381,"Posted: 20 September, 2016",all,"yours truly, The Boy","ÇÜNKÜ ADAM YOK OYNICAK O YÜZDEN YANİ ADMA BULUNMUYOR, ANLADINMI N DEMEK İSTEDİĞİMİ ? TEK YUMRUKLA KARDEŞİM"
,Not Recommended,209080,28970047,Posted: 3 January,all,xSniper1982,"TL:DR - unfortunately I cannot recommend.Really wanted to like this game.Bought a 4 pack to share with friends.Very quickly found that the playerbase was almost non-existant and those that did still play were high levelled and would leave if they saw new players in the lobby.Managed to a couple of games, but it soon became apparent that at a low level, I wasn't welcome, and those that didn't leave VERY QUICKLY destroyed my team with all around better knowledge etc."
,Not Recommended,209080,21268151,"Posted: 16 February, 2016",all,Matryoshka,Theres not much of SEA players its like 1% SEA and other servers vs 99% americas server but all in all its a wonderful team game i recommend this game to a group of people  but if you're a solo player and you got nice internet speed then good for u but if ur like me living in a ♥♥♥♥♥♥ SEA country got like 3-5 mbps and got no friends to play with then dont pick this game. or youll be stuck in americas server for 200+ ping
76561198046675266,Recommended,209080,32455146,Posted: 15 June,all,Dustin,"An amazing new/original game with lots of online fudamental features.There's a lot to learn in this game, the tutorial doesn't really do it justice, and takes a few real runs online to get the hang of, but really fun when you got a good co-op team!You take control of an airborne ship (much like a zeppelin but more apparel as a boat) with many responsibilities whether it's repairing or putting our fires on shot parts, shooting the enemy, or steering.A lot of co-operation is required, which makes it very fun playing with friends.It's a new game idea that's very fun!7/10"
,Recommended,209080,34738471,Posted: 4 September,all,CommanderKronos,I'm doing this for the steam badge
,Recommended,209080,29029388,Posted: 5 January,all,Detective Sweaty,everything caught fire and i cant fix it fast enough
,Recommended,209080,34343788,Posted: 18 August,all,TheGropeHope,"Guns of Icarus: On the Line is a return to form for Tobuscus. Mixing the explosive style of his literal trailers, the goofiness of his Tobuscus Adventures, the whimsical mood of his songs, and the refreshing realism of his vlogs (taking especially clear inspiration from his ICONIC vlog, ""IN BED WITH IJUSTINE!!""But exactly how good is Guns of Icarus: Get In Line?Well, the gameplay is clearly an artistic representation of Toby's feelings. By having your ship shoot down other ships, Toby is drawing parallels to his own career and how it went crashing down in HECKING flames after the FALSE! sexual assault allegations that he was attacked with. It's fun and tight, like Toby'ssexual preyvideos.The story is one for the ages. You play as Tincan Peterson, who has frequent hallucinations of the famed standup comedian, Larry the Cable Man, who provides HILARIOUS commentary as you play the game. However, the plot itself is quite the tearjerker. Tincan, a man with a shadowy past, is on a mission to kill ALL the peoples, but by the time the game ends, you find out the reality of Tincan's tragic backstory: Tincan accidentally plowed his daughter. Very sad.The music is good, I think Kendrick did a real good job on the soundtrack.Guns of Icarus: Outside the Line is a testament to Toady Turner's amazing skill. He developed this game BY HAND using only his sheer will and safety torch. He put his HEART, soul, DARKNESS, redness, AND whiteness into each painstaking pixel of each texture of this game, all of which are so beautiful you can't help but go ""hot hot hot hot hot"". His transfused his very LIFEBLOOD into the very narrative of the story. The music moves you to HECKING tears! It is a TRUE MASTERPIECE!It's for these flaws that I'm afraid that I can only give Bioshock: Offline a 2/5."
76561198087279698,Recommended,209080,15977971,"Posted: 23 May, 2015",all,Tim From HR,So much fun! Commanding my crew and taking down airships is a great feeling.
76561198094813244,Not Recommended,209080,23872734,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,OMGitsTechno215,Pros:-cool setting-might be fun if you had a lot of friends to play withI played with a full team of friends  2 experienced players and myself and another as new playersCons:-At the mercy of the captain 98% of the time.  always inches away from firing on a ship and captains continuesly turning despite me telling them my proximity to other ships-Not new player friendly as soon as I got into a game my other teammates ♥♥♥♥♥ed about my low level-Alot of European Elitist play this game-Honestly plays like a f2p game
,Recommended,209080,16050581,"Posted: 28 May, 2015",all,Tarvik,"I really like this game, it's fun playing with friends and destroying other ships, if you are looking into getting this game I think you should if you wanna destroy some ships with friends and make your character look cool than you should get this game. :)"
76561198160228103,Recommended,209080,15959381,"Posted: 22 May, 2015",all,Katelyn Nicole Davis,tried tah 369-no-sc0pe a pimp blimp but a le wild dust cloud appeared and me gun explodid in me facewuld not recommend 2/10 - IGN
76561198098351319,Recommended,209080,8121086,"Posted: 19 December, 2013",all,Immortan Meme,McSweggerty Approves
,Recommended,209080,12731224,"Posted: 1 November, 2014",all,xGizmo,its good i guess
,Recommended,209080,16408612,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,[TZS] Naberius,"Do you like Steam Punk? Do you like team based fighting? Do you like piloting airships fitted for war? Then this is definitely the game for you!Everyone has their job, Gunners maintain and fire the many various weapons among a ships arsenal. Mechanics scatter to keep everything operable and and maintained. Pilots ofcourse are the most important, flying the whole airship into and out of battle when needed. It can get old for a time but im always able to pick it back up again and play for another 50 hours or more when i get hooked on it again. If you really want the best experience i HIGHLY reccomend having a headset with a mic to talk to your crew and respond. COMMUNICATION is KEY to winning the battle."
,Recommended,209080,18956006,"Posted: 8 November, 2015",all,Bombbastic,"This game is such a great game I can not review it with only a couple words. First of all the soundtrack when you first open the game is somehow heart wrenching telling you that you are going on an adventure to a dark and sad place. . (its also followed by a burning ship in the back round which is also in a cavern of some sort) also to mention is the graphics its marvelous a great GREAT masterpiece when it comes to art style and detail. Then the game play its unique because its not a guns-blazing game it's a strategic game that requires thinking and TEAMWORK, noticed how I caps locked  the teamwork? Ya because you cant play the game without working with your fellow people believe me I tried. It also instead of fighting with one on one combat you fight against ships, flying ships to be exact (well more like zeppelins but you get the point) you have to not only keep the ship alive but you have to destroy other ships to boot, now here I will explain the classes or things you can be. First one is the gunner recommend for novices this class gives you the ability to have 3 ammo types along with one engineer tool and one captain tool, this class needs you to be on the guns but if needed to help repair minor damages. Second is the engineer which is also a novice class gives you 3 engineer tools along with 1 ammo type and one captains tool, this class is required to repair all the damages to the ship but the main focuses is the balloon and the hull if one of those goes down and you don't repair them your screwed. lastly is the captain meant for expert players the captain gets 3 captains tools 1 ammo type and 1 engineers tool this class you are the commander of the ship and you have to order your crew to repair, or to shoot other ships, this is where teamwork is, If you don't listen to your captain your screwed. Anyways this game is a marvel to behold its a hidden perfection in the world of duds, I think this game should be more famous but that's just me."
76561198066745404,Recommended,209080,10212517,"Posted: 23 May, 2014",all,BoomChu,Mother Russia Approves
76561198024750254,Recommended,209080,10193717,"Posted: 21 May, 2014",all,Acidfour,"I absolutely reccomend this game. Unique graphics, amazing gameplay, easy to pick up and hard to put down!"
,Recommended,209080,16038463,"Posted: 28 May, 2015",all,eh,"Fun, but no one plays it."
,Recommended,209080,10141544,"Posted: 16 May, 2014",all,legeאd4,Nice game
,Recommended,209080,23355126,"Posted: 2 June, 2016",all,Beaker,This game was fun in the bignning  however if you buy this game intending to have strategic ari battles with your friends this game will not satisfy you. Most of the time you will be spamming cannons hoping you'll eventually get a hit but then the enemy just kills you in 0.001 seconds with a flamethrower6/10
,Recommended,209080,10161458,"Posted: 18 May, 2014",all,Apsi X depression,BEST GAME EVEEEEE
76561198119260478,Recommended,209080,9926968,"Posted: 25 April, 2014",all,Adam Millsy,Guns of icarus online is the next guns of icarus games in the series and i would definetly play it i like mostly free-roam games which this game is not but the actual gameplay has such detail in the ships the map i is amazing unlike Guns of icarus the version is soon releasing a adventure free-roam sort'a thing and i can recommend this awsome game
,Recommended,209080,21913481,"Posted: 18 March, 2016",all,ruppy | Buying KATO2014,Selling two copies of this game. For 5.00 in csgo items each. Post a comment on my profile or add me.
,Recommended,209080,22853916,"Posted: 7 May, 2016",all,Marsquakes,oh no a ship pls help rip
,Recommended,209080,32155050,Posted: 3 June,all,Golden Dawn,Great game.
,Recommended,209080,13482241,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,Sir Johnny Von Dickledick VII,Super awesome steam punk type of game but the updates suck. 8/10
76561198000899846,Recommended,209080,16382532,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,Palantiri,"One con: Low Player base, propably because there is no direct competitive.Other than that its clrearly the best I ve played and the most enjoyable with friens, the community is also awesome11/10"
,Recommended,209080,16007213,"Posted: 25 May, 2015",all,Hexivore,"This game is great! Optimized for not even the best computers, good 3d graphics realistic."
,Recommended,209080,4364216,"Posted: 27 September, 2013",all,James,"This is a epic game, and its getting even better as time goes along! Excellant gameplay."
,Recommended,209080,23161159,"Posted: 23 May, 2016",all,Rebellioux,"Before I start my review im just going to say I just bought this not too long ago and only have 13 hours, But besides that people are saying you need freinds to play this game, And yes, It would be nice to already have freinds to play with, But for me its been a nice way to make new freinds. So no worries! :) Anyways I find this game very fun and just couldnt stop playing.(Update): I have friends to play with now, And this game is just amazing with the new addition of the Alliance DLC, Really it adds everything the game was missing, and it promises to bring even more heavy weapons, Not the same Hwatcha, Mortar, Gatling combo you see on the same ships every time you play, And now it requires even more communication to win the game, Along with 4 difficulties (Easy, Normal, Hard, and Hell.) Playing on Hell takes not only skill and communication, But great strategy of what guns you put on your ship and which ship you use for which type of mission, There are Defensive, Attacking, And Retrieval missions. If you have friends that are willing to play this game with you, I definitely reccomend it."
76561198089292510,Recommended,209080,12471967,"Posted: 12 October, 2014",all,Sudanisaniceplacetolive,Ahhh as youngin i played this game in early access. First game i ever played on steam i love it it got me into steam and i thank it for that so give it a try an awesome setting and epic airship battles make this game great 9.5/10 would bang.
,Recommended,209080,9879938,"Posted: 20 April, 2014",all,ItsTom915,This is truely a stunning game. The landscape is amazing and the ships look so epic. Gameplay is very fun. 8/10
,Recommended,209080,16579438,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,Snail,"> Gets a team of four IRL friends>  ""Well, this game looks like fun!""> Hull Destroyed> Balloon on fire> Engine on fire> Propellers on fire> Two people go to repair the engine> ""GO REPAIR THE PROPELLER THING ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥""> Starts to run towards the propellors> Captain: GET ON THE ♥♥♥♥ING FLAMETHROWER ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥> ""But...Joe told me to..> Ship blows up> DUMBASS♥♥♥♥♥♥9/11 would bomb IRL friendships again"
,Recommended,209080,19128547,"Posted: 17 November, 2015",all,TheDuckMan,"Wow, just wow. I totally recommend this game!"
,Recommended,209080,10660298,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,Drorith,A very good Steampunk and teamwork and Multiplayer and taticle game
76561198067230977,Recommended,209080,13728361,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,UncleTomLookin'Ass,A very endearing experience if you embark with at least one other friend who is a battle ship enthusiast as you are. I dove into this game with my buddy blindy enjoying it barking orders back and forth. Haven't had this much fun with a buddy since Battle Tanks on N64. I highly recommend this game as a little hidden gem. Would difinitely buy the sequel if one ever becomes released.
,Recommended,209080,23528651,"Posted: 12 June, 2016",all,packet loss pete,ill be honest i dont know what im doing half the time
76561198129279604,Recommended,209080,31837301,Posted: 19 May,all,Whore Owl,great game lot of fun amazing
,Recommended,209080,28886485,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,Mimic,I thought this game was cool before it won an award.
76561198053369031,Recommended,209080,5641087,"Posted: 26 December, 2012",all,[Futanari] buta [George],４人でひとつの船を切り盛りして戦う対人ゲー似てるゲームなんてないし質がいいのに知名度が低すぎて過疎気味修理担当　砲撃担当　操舵担当　それぞれ違った面白さがあるからセール来てたら買えそして俺を誘え
,Recommended,209080,29554574,Posted: 28 January,all,DA_REAL_SPA-TUNZX92,the game i want to play but none of my friends want to playGuns of Icarus OnlineGuns of Icarus OnlineGuns of Icarus OnlineGuns of Icarus OnlineGuns of Icarus Online
76561198049111286,Recommended,209080,14508112,"Posted: 16 February, 2015",all,Barnacle Boy,"My friends first attempt at this game went a little bit like this.""Hey lets go board the enemy ship!."" He missed the ship by a longshot. 11/10 Best game ever."
,Recommended,209080,30350698,Posted: 5 March,all,PIECEofTOAST,"forgot to ever give this game a positive review, it's good."
,Recommended,209080,6393491,"Posted: 12 April, 2013",all,Jack Reaver,It's pretty cheap and if you know what your doing the game is a lot of fun.
,Recommended,209080,11457029,"Posted: 28 July, 2014",all,Bitch don't go full retard,ok game
,Not Recommended,209080,26543355,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,Kurtlonewolf,"Got the game for my brother and I to play together. While the concept of the game is nifty (pilot an air ship with 3 other crew members and take out other air ships), the implementation falls flat. You often feel that your weapons are doing nothing and that your ship can do nothing to get away. It's difficult to find people who want to be captain/pilot because it's exceptionally slow paced and honestly, pretty dull.TLDR: Great game idea, poor implementation. Not recommended."
,Recommended,209080,20570286,"Posted: 16 January, 2016",all,Ejee,10/10 csgo for life but when csgo isnt for life i play this
,Recommended,209080,5156851,"Posted: 27 September, 2013",all,Justice Pirate,"I remember seeing the trailer for this and thinking it was awesome because it was a steam punk game.  Think of flying zepplins and having them act like pirate ships in battle with one another in the sky.  You can choose to be the pilot, an engineer, or a gunner.  I hope to play it more often since I bought it a few months ago on discount and haven't played it enough.  I don't really know how to pilot it yet, but eventually I'll practice using it. I've played it as the other two though.  I don't have any other friends who play this and would love to team up with people I know so I can have more fun with it!"
76561198101987111,Recommended,209080,28323053,"Posted: 11 December, 2016",all,Theclonegamer,It fun but you need the dlc
76561198064358311,Recommended,209080,14473694,"Posted: 14 February, 2015",all,Tyr Lion,"Fun easy-to-learn, hard to master game that's fun in multiplayer and is in it's current state meant to be a PvP arena but is still entertaining on it's own in Practice against bots. Great visuals give each ship it's own character and there is always some detail that you've missed earlier. A japaneese-style lantern on Goldfish, a little plant-pot on Squid or the barrels of rum on Galeon. If you like steampunk visuals you'll love this game.My secret advice: If you just want to unwind and relax go in practice mode 1 v 0 and just enjoy the clear skies and great ship design."
,Recommended,209080,29272260,Posted: 15 January,all,Drenamow,"Love this game, nothing more to say! ;D"
76561198060529109,Recommended,209080,23357290,"Posted: 3 June, 2016",all,Bomber Harris do it again,Do you like Steampunk?Do you like Airships??Do you like Shooting and repairing steampunk airships???Then this game is for you!
76561198189829646,Recommended,209080,23386848,"Posted: 4 June, 2016",all,UntoldTruth,Guns and icarus is a good game i like it so far and i have only started good game although i keep crashing10/10 would crash again
76561198045843098,Recommended,209080,5165363,"Posted: 12 May, 2013",all,Eremitae,"I never even heard of this game when I first started using steam to play games, but then I realized that free games were good but not as good as some games that I could buy. I had never bought a game of steam before until this one, and I see why I bought this one.This game is just amazing! Yes, it is in early development and adventure mode is almost out, but just right now the game is especially great! When I seen the trailer to this game, I said to myself, ""I have never seen a game like no other of its kind."" This game is unique, challenging, engaging, etc. This game, like no other game, requires teamwork to survive, and luckily the community and people that play this are friendly and helpful.If you want a game that is a ship battle in the sky and like repairing your ship and flying, you will like this. Get it, it's great!"
,Recommended,209080,14717994,"Posted: 1 March, 2015",all,Maskedviper,Think of Barron von dorf's blimp from valiant hearts meets star trek space battles.
,Not Recommended,209080,35043700,Posted: 18 September,all,Roose 🅱,nah
,Recommended,209080,21433028,"Posted: 24 February, 2016",all,Thomjake,gg
76561198078057919,Recommended,209080,9286727,"Posted: 27 February, 2014",all,ziggyzoomzooom,ok game. beta or full huh.
,Recommended,209080,13530915,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,"Ebashu v clube, idite v pizdu",Y U NO REPAIR HULL?!10 destroyed hulls out of 10
76561197998687087,Recommended,209080,21487793,"Posted: 26 February, 2016",all,Ragni Skeletron,"Fun game, every ship is fun to play with except the galleon which is a useless pile of crap that should be the strongest but is instead the weakest"
76561197994827301,Recommended,209080,9220954,"Posted: 22 February, 2014",all,Apterous,awesome and unique game
,Recommended,209080,10835137,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,Bosh,The only game in the world that has given me motion sickness. 10/10
,Recommended,209080,13891037,"Posted: 8 January, 2015",all,Deadnight,"Buy this game.I had never heard of this game when I purchased it.  My brother gave me $50 dollars in my steam wallet for Christmas, and after buying a few titles that I had been wanting for a while, I had four dollars and some change left over in my wallet.  I wanted to get the most bang possible for my four dollars, so I decided to spend it while the Holiday sale was still going on.I bought this game because at 75% off it was just over four dollars, and because I thought the ""Cover Art"" looked cool.Best. Decision. Ever.Knowing what I know now, I would pay twice the standard, non-sale price for it.  Do not wait for a sale, this inexpensive game is totally worth it.  A complete hidden gem.P.S.  You need a microphone, a willingness to communicate and cooperate with a team, and the ability to learn and adapt to fully enjoy this game."
76561198065638436,Not Recommended,209080,10697442,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,Superstar Cole,Hard to find decent players and other than that its just boring
76561198214164453,Not Recommended,209080,35002476,Posted: 16 September,all,JoeyJinkles,bad
,Recommended,209080,22309513,"Posted: 8 April, 2016",all,LtlMacMcG,"I truly may have found my new favorite Multiplayer Game!  Let others rob banks, kill terrorist, and throw sticky grenades....in Guns of Icarus You are a crew member of a an Airship working with others to shoot down others and stay afloat in the MP bit of awesomeness!Check out:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=R-H5c76R_9Y&feature=youtu.beFor a LET'S PLAY! Vid!"
,Not Recommended,209080,23948191,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,trempulant,Game has a steep learning curve and has a great idea but the problem is a non-friendly community. Many players expect you to be experts the second you start playing and that is just not going to happen.Might be more fun with a bigger player base so lower levels can play with each other but it is currently unplayable.
,Recommended,209080,20683962,"Posted: 22 January, 2016",all,Bug,10/10 Would commit vietnam massacares with an all flame-thrower ship again
,Recommended,209080,10259150,"Posted: 27 May, 2014",all,Chimping out,Dis game is good. People take it so seriously like if it was a Georgia Bulldawgz game. So yeah they get♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥off easily and it's kinda funny oh and you can also name your ship with some offensive name which makes it really cool imo since i like making people mad in games. Yeah.
,Not Recommended,209080,29017045,Posted: 4 January,all,Jul the Fool,Honestly so little content and just all around pretty boring and pointless. The concept is cool but to me that just isn't enough to keep this game afloat.
76561198036795124,Not Recommended,209080,10513017,"Posted: 18 June, 2014",all,DaPuma,"Its a good game but its too reliant on having good teammates to enjoy the game, and even after all the trouble of getting a game set up with your friends its appeal doesnt last long as there really isnt much to it. after about 8 hours into it I have become rather bored of it. you just repair and shoot other ships down. The ""cooldown"" periods for repairs and lack of any real customization makes the game rather dull and boring really quickly."
76561198262747131,Not Recommended,209080,34918891,Posted: 13 September,all,CINCzeus,tutorial simulator dont buy
76561197964057866,Recommended,209080,24232858,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,Lord Apophis,wasd
,Recommended,209080,30823357,Posted: 29 March,all,hàVóK,Great game just buy it.
76561198061584301,Recommended,209080,34843548,Posted: 9 September,all,Trashy The Incontinent,"Floating weeabo amnesia is a truely terrofying horror game, that sent chills down my spine through every breath taking second. i would recomend this game due to the way it plays with the fears burried deep within every human mind. the scariest moments are the horrors your mind creates for you."
,Not Recommended,209080,23929014,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,[TMP] C. S.,"The concept is great, but it suffers from ... everything. just gonna bullet list this.1. game is old, I went on during peak hours and never saw more than 160 players online. not 160k, 160....2. The GUI is confusing and cumbersome3. the graphics seem flat and redundant4. the scale is all wonky and there is a very short hieght cap.5. you know those old flight games where even when you hit the ground it still looked like a texture square drawn from 30k feet? it's like that but the map hieght is only about 10 ships tall at most.6. no destruction physics at all...7 LOAD TIMES! There are so many loading screens you start to think you are being trolled. Even after the game launches you still have like three loading/wait screens. I had 2 hours played on this and only 15 minutes of those were actually playing the game. the rest was waiting to load a game, find a game, figure out the GUI.I think the game is a valiant effort and I would like to see games like this in the future. I think the developers should take everything they learned and go back to scratch and rebuild a properly working game with a decent engine."
,Not Recommended,209080,32158630,Posted: 3 June,all,võitja võitja kana õhtusöök,"would be a cool game but no playerbase, devs don't care, bugs. nuf said."
76561198037806969,Not Recommended,209080,14702726,"Posted: 28 February, 2015",all,helo,i liked this game in the beginning i really did. but now? while the game may be good its an online multiplayer game. it doesnt have a following. this type of game with the matchmaking need thousands of players not 300. i really do like the game but unless you can get more players on i just dont think its a viable game anymore
76561198028696858,Not Recommended,209080,20800694,"Posted: 28 January, 2016",all,Solarsack,"It's fun when you first start out and learn about the ships, but quickly loses its charm when you run into the high-level man children who think they are God's gift to humanity. There is zero effort to actually punish or reign in these people. Also, the max number of players at peak times is only around 300 players, which makes it hard to find good games.Overall, Guns of Icarus is slowly dying of terminal cancer. Save your money and go buy a pizza or something."
,Recommended,209080,9285029,"Posted: 27 February, 2014",all,[OGD]wINDOW LICKER,good game 8/8
,Recommended,209080,15575823,"Posted: 26 April, 2015",all,Mayverick,fly in sky and a boom boom ♥♥♥♥ING GET THE HULL BACK UP IDIOT ♥♥♥♥
76561198108561038,Recommended,209080,11286260,"Posted: 17 July, 2014",all,KitKat,Awesome with friends! But by yourself... not that great. It is a very intense game full of     floating boats...6/10
,Not Recommended,209080,19504183,"Posted: 5 December, 2015",all,Joey Salads,This game is literally worse than dead babies.
,Not Recommended,209080,29094051,Posted: 7 January,all,✅SEF.,Boring
,Not Recommended,209080,32967275,Posted: 28 June,all,Jucrispy,I played with my friends it took 30 or so mins to get in a game. The game we got in was in europe (I live in the US) there was only one other ship. They left the game so we end up playing a europen sever full of bots. I feel like if this game had more plays it would be better.
,Recommended,209080,12494319,"Posted: 14 October, 2014",all,DoubleOhDoughnut,I am selling an extra copy i have of this game for $14.00 If you are interested please message me on Steam.
76561198048626213,Recommended,209080,7889209,"Posted: 2 December, 2013",all,Rich4u1,You have no idea
,Recommended,209080,25640909,"Posted: 22 September, 2016",all,Mr. Super Saiyan,♥♥♥♥
,Recommended,209080,7890512,"Posted: 2 December, 2013",all,Owell_inc,Can i have adventure mode yet?
,Recommended,209080,16824212,"Posted: 1 July, 2015",all,Steady Ed',Bad guy rammed meBad guy died and i never fired a shot11/7 would extinguish fire again
76561198076196765,Not Recommended,209080,19269714,"Posted: 25 November, 2015",all,SweatySpaghetti69,♥♥♥♥♥♥10
,Not Recommended,209080,26696271,"Posted: 19 November, 2016",all,w+m1,"I've played this game a fair bit - and its one of the best co-op games I've played. Very immersive experience that I've enjoyed.However, the devs dont know what they're doing. I've watched this game devolve instead of evolve, over the course of my playtime. I'm normally excited to see new updates for games, but for this I was always eye rolling. They did add one new map - skyball; which is... I think an attempt at getting rocket leauge people or something. It's really tasteless, and poorly planned and executed.The game has potential, and the price isn't absurd. But I dont think any real potential will be reached, and i've seen the active player count drop over time.I wish I could recommend, and maybe things will improve. For now, I'm just not feeling it, and really would not recommend this to anyone if they asked me if they should pick it up."
,Not Recommended,209080,21379006,"Posted: 21 February, 2016",all,Boris,Meh
,Recommended,209080,20355670,"Posted: 6 January, 2016",all,Pybromancer,"Is Guns of Icarus a great game?It ain't great, but it's OK.What about Lobbies of Icarus?Best reason to own game."
,Recommended,209080,28875552,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,Tactical Cactus,yus
76561198123770950,Recommended,209080,28840826,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,SneakyPeekyDoge,.
,Recommended,209080,30841746,Posted: 30 March,all,Fyyar,Hindenburg Simulator.
,Not Recommended,209080,19978090,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,Goatmeal09,"50,000 people used to play this...... now its a ghost game"
,Not Recommended,209080,28984791,Posted: 3 January,all,AbigorTheRaged,Prosbeautiful map work alot of effort was put into it.many guns to choose from for your shipplayer customization.many ships.ConsHorrible explaination for new players on how mechanics work.not many players for online.doesn't have a storyline or an explination on how you became a captian or one of the crew memebers of the ship of your other fellow members.very shity content given to the players(I mean for god sakes co-op mode you have to pay which is simply an idiot wanting more cash for a game thats never taken good feedback from players and devs decide to do what they want more than player feedback.)many players i have met are toxic within the game  so not a very welcoming start for new players learning the game. the lerning curve to the game needs work on for new players that are starting out.Overalloverall its an ok game i wouldnt recommend it to users seems like the devs dont put effort into their community taking in feedback given to nerf certian guns and ships or buff certian ones for competative play.....i didnt like how they made a co-op mode to players that have to buy it really isnt worth spending if i wanted to spend money on good content i rather go play eve online least i am getting alot more content that the devs actualy take heed of their player feedback and make changes to fit the players need.
,Not Recommended,209080,24760695,"Posted: 7 August, 2016",all,ＳＰＯＯＫＩＭＵＴＨ,"the game looks AMAZING, as you fly through a steampunk world, shooting enemys flying by, as you have to do you job, if it is driving the ship, to firing the variety of weapons, or repairing the ship. the cover is amazing, so i got it quickly and enjoyed the tutorials. then it happened.i went to play a game. and it is only mutiplayer.and i started a game. 10 mins later i looked how manny people there was in the whole world. it said around 117.117 people in the whole world.look if you want to play this game do it. just bring a few friends at least. if you watch vids of this game.  it is two whole teams recording. so they have people.if you dont have many firends online, who are wiling to put their money in a game, or own it already. dont bother.i did refund it. as i couldnt play it to its full potential."
76561197966750618,Not Recommended,209080,13312686,"Posted: 10 December, 2014",all,Markus Kruber,"Guns of Icarus Online is a multiplayer online game that pits crews of airships against one another in the daring aerial combat that has made the series famous among youtube stars. The game revovles around the close-knit teamwork of four players working together to make their ship a combat threat to their opponents, while coordinating with other teams of four on their team.Pilots learn to commnad their crews into full effect, managing the actions of their gunners and engineers to lead their ship to victory. Meanwhile the engineer has the job of maintaining the combat effectiveness of your ship by repairing the ship. Gunners do the heavy lifting in regards to firing weapons. Together you can help design a ship, crew loadouts, to lead your team to victory in a variety of thematic environments and scenarios.Overall the game has an emphasis on teamwork and communication, and as such can be more of a niche game than the standard pick-up and play games that one would expect in this genre.It must be noted however, there is a large skill gap in place, that the recently (10/12/2014) implimented match-making system is far from perfect, and that the issues of sexual harrassment towards women are very real. Overall a pleasurable eperience if you play with friends, or form bonds with crews that you can continue to play with."
,Not Recommended,209080,20746129,"Posted: 25 January, 2016",all,SAITAMA,Bcz there's no players and I can't play it
76561198094037087,Recommended,209080,10247128,"Posted: 26 May, 2014",all,Lithium,"A tremendously fun and exciting game, Gun Of Icarus is easily one of the best games I've ever played for a long time. Great graphics, fun gameplay, intense soundtrack and combat makes this game a joy for any skurvy dog. Although at the moment it is plagued by framerate and lag issues but nonetheless I highly recommend this game.Still not convinced? Look up AngryJoe and TotalBisuit's gameplay reviews on Youtube. Pretty sure they'll show you how good it is ;)"
,Recommended,209080,17270795,"Posted: 28 July, 2015",all,The Paleblood Hunter,Gud game.Sky ship go boom.Yay.
,Not Recommended,209080,32682263,Posted: 23 June,all,jessetheduck,ded
76561198289736992,Recommended,209080,26153668,"Posted: 21 October, 2016",all,can i habe de pusi pls?,this is a gaem. this is a good gaem. i like the sky. gaem. gaem is good.
,Recommended,209080,26256794,"Posted: 27 October, 2016",all,GROM,pve is better than pvp this game just causes argument
76561198043401618,Recommended,209080,20633489,"Posted: 19 January, 2016",all,SickRamen,"Whenever I lose faith in humanity after playing DotA, I can turn to Guns of Icarus.The community is just so nice it's hard to believe. In 12 or so hours, I have not met a single a*hole, troll or flamer. As I was learning the game there were always some nice players to explain me how to play and give tips.This is a co-op PvP game where communication is key. You are 4 onboard an airship, the pilot chooses the layout of the ship, communicates with other airships and controls the craft, wihlst the 3 crewmembers man the guns and repairs broken parts. The 2 roles require different skills to play but they all require communication and coordination to achieve success.The game looks great and the atmosphere can get pretty tense, as you navigate the fog searching for your enemies with the spyglass. Coordinated attacks with fellow airships (fights are usually 8v8 or 12v12) can get pretty tactical and exciting, as you scramble to get a good angle on the enemy whilst simultaneously repairing your burning ship before it falls down in flames.Each game lasts about 10~20minutes on average so it's great for a few casual battles and again, the community is probably the best thing about this game.Also at this really low pricetag you can't really go wrong!"
76561197991808695,Not Recommended,209080,16681518,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,acesahn,"The first day I played this, wow what a blast! It was a crazy, chaotic ride, I had no idea what the right thing to do was but I did my best and when it all came together, what a rush!Then came the third day... when novice mode ends, and everyone has there class and ships tooled to win, the fun stops imediatly. You must have the correct loadout for your class. You cant miss... ever, or you will be yelled at or worse... mico managed like what happened to me the first time I stepped out of novice mode. A well tooled team can obliterate an airship in what seems like one barrage of there guns, and with that said, if your not tooled perfectly, ship and class, you wont last but a few seconds toe to toe with high ranking opponents.Im giving this game a no, and not simply trying harder to wean myself into the higher difficulty because my experiences on the third day was so... bi polar from the crazy fun of novice mode, that I honestly dont want to go back. Its possible to stay in novice mode, where you have no control over your ships loadout but that makes it feel like limiting yourself, even if its more fun.In short its a great idea, but the winning strategy is... to not have fun. To do everything with machine like focus, to the point where thinking on your feet and reacting takes a back seat to staring straight ahead, while keeping an eye on one other component."
,Recommended,209080,15529505,"Posted: 24 April, 2015",all,JFreud,░░█▀░░░░░░░░░░░▀▀███████░░░░░░█▌░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░▀██████░░░░█▌░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░███████▌░░░█░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░████████░░▐▌░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░▀██████▌░░░▌▄███▌░░░░▀████▄░░░░▀████▌░░▐▀▀▄█▄░▌░░░▄██▄▄▄▀░░░░████▄▄░▐░▀░░═▐░░░░░░══░░▀░░░░▐▀░▄▀▌▌▐░░░░░▌░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░▀░▀░░▌▌▐░░░▄▀░░░▀░▌░░░░░░░░░░░░▌█░▌▌░▌░░▀▀▄▄▀▀▄▌▌░░░░░░░░░░▐░▀▐▐░░▌░░▌░▄▄▄▄░░░▌░░░░░░░░▐░░▀▐░░░█░▐▄██████▄░▐░░░░░░░░█▀▄▄▀░░░▐░▌▌░░░░░░▀▀▄▐░░░░░░█▌░░░░░░░░█░░▄▀▀▀▀▄░▄═╝▄░░░▄▀░▌░░░░░░░░░▌▐░░░░░░▌░▀▀░░▄▀░░▐░░░░░░░░░░▀▄░░░░░░░░░▄▀▀░░░░█░░░░░░░░░░▄█▄▄▄▄▄▄▄▀▀░░░░░░░▌▌░░░░░░░░▄▀▌▀▌░░░░░░░░░░░░░▄▀▀▄░░░░░▄▀░░▌░▀▄░░░░░░░░░░▄▀░░▌░▀▄░░░░░░░▌█▄▄▀▄░░░░░░▄▀░░░░▌░░░▌▄▄░░░▄▐██████▄▄░▄▀░░▄▄▄▄▌░░░░▄░░░▄▌████████▄▄▄███████▌░░░░░▄░▄▀░██████████████████▌▀▄░░░░▀░░░█████▀▀░░░▀███████░░░▀▄░░░░░░▐█▀░░░▐░░░░░▀████▌░░░░▀▄░░░░░░░▌░░░▐░░░░▐░░▀▀█░░░░░░░▀░░░░░░▐░░░░▌░░░▐░░░░░▌░░░░░░░░╔╗║░╔═╗░═╦═░░░░░╔╗░░╔═╗░╦═╗░░║║║░║░║░░║░░░░░░╠╩╗░╠═╣░║░║░░║╚╝░╚═╝░░║░░░░░░╚═╝░║░║░╩═╝░
76561198101877523,Not Recommended,209080,16686460,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,Harambe,Banned for 135 years for accidentaly spamming in chat. No joke.
,Not Recommended,209080,14877777,"Posted: 14 March, 2015",all,Xero to four,"Not enough players, just end up playing with the same 40ish players over and over"
,Not Recommended,209080,13803002,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,Paradise,"The reason i'm not recommending it to others is because of the lack of an incentive the games gives to players to play. I mean, sure, it's hella fun shooting with war zeppelins at war zeppelins but it's kinda null after 13-14 hours of play. And yes, I got friends and we played as a group of 4 for quite a while. It just gets boring after this. I think the game would do with a ranking system or a currency system with which players can trade equipments, ships etc with.Pros:-Great gameplay-Very unique game-One of the best games to play with friendsCons:-No incentive to play further-Not much variety in weapons, ships, classes-No ranking system"
,Not Recommended,209080,15534776,"Posted: 25 April, 2015",all,Yuupp,"It's slowly dying, but if you don't mind few players it'll be a good game for you.Before it started dying: 8/10.But now it's just 5/10."
76561197974345819,Not Recommended,209080,34674551,Posted: 1 September,all,floppydingus,"This game is extremely chaotic and poorly explained. I paid $5 and there was no one online to play with, even though it's a multiplayer game. Do not buy unless someone is holding you hostage, this game is awful."
76561197976422877,Not Recommended,209080,18225690,"Posted: 27 September, 2015",all,Poor Fucking Infantry,9000 overwhelmingly positive reviews371 players on linewhat the ♥♥♥♥?
,Recommended,209080,8078920,"Posted: 17 December, 2013",all,Alloo,"Fun for one evening, I didn't spend all that much time studying it but it was quite confusing for me.Edit: Really suprised about actually being aproached by one of the devs, asked to explain my problems with the games further, I will surely look into the game further and try to improve my opinion of it."
,Not Recommended,209080,13699123,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,A Red Shell,Okay if played with friends. Alone can get rather dull.
,Recommended,209080,13485183,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,Krumbo,...................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................... yeah I recommend this game
,Not Recommended,209080,18644827,"Posted: 23 October, 2015",all,Dusk,Games dead - average 200 players online....
,Recommended,209080,10166669,"Posted: 18 May, 2014",all,Jules,Cool?  NOPEBought it for 3 dollars
76561198032677987,Not Recommended,209080,15992884,"Posted: 24 May, 2015",all,Sgt.Buttnaked,got stuck in loading screen. Then jumped off my ship. 0/10 - IGN
,Not Recommended,209080,19137732,"Posted: 17 November, 2015",all,JaCrispy,"I guess it is a cool idea, but its executed terribly, graphics are rough, explosions look terrible and the speed of this game is that of a turd sliding up hill.  Giant snooze fest, refunded."
,Not Recommended,209080,17752706,"Posted: 28 August, 2015",all,Star,its a yes or no but this game lags alot and it is very annoying
,Not Recommended,209080,18082402,"Posted: 18 September, 2015",all,Dwave Maffews,Got old faster than Mia Kalifa.
76561197994586220,Not Recommended,209080,24219350,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,General Faqhue,"The game is two damn hard for pugs; if you don't practice, and have a well cordinated plan.  (""This Game Is Not For You"")"
76561198075220923,Not Recommended,209080,20015048,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,Jonsson,I don't recommend it you just do the same things all time... so if you're a rpg fan like me and just wan'ts to try something new this is a bad choice
,Recommended,209080,31303738,Posted: 22 April,all,shacram,Cool game!
76561198119621047,Not Recommended,209080,19298936,"Posted: 26 November, 2015",all,Schick Hydro Bot,Rip engineers
,Not Recommended,209080,28107993,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,Sven,"Didn't really enjoy it, also there's like noone playing the multiplayer."
76561198116154762,Not Recommended,209080,28391097,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,ChrisWaffle,♥♥♥♥
,Not Recommended,209080,20580363,"Posted: 17 January, 2016",all,尺卂 几Ｄ 卂ㄥ,bad game ever ♥♥♥♥♥♥ waste time
,Not Recommended,209080,12219718,"Posted: 24 September, 2014",all,laktosintolerant mögel,"Guns of icarus: Online, a dead game ruled by moderators that doesn't like hearing about how GoI is dead."
76561198165664487,Not Recommended,209080,16342834,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,plokmijuhhb,this game lags sooooooo bad ... 10/10 though good game ... FIX THE LAG
,Not Recommended,209080,18739436,"Posted: 29 October, 2015",all,SeemsLegit,I hate this When a amazing game one of my favourites ever dies not becuase of bad gameplay or graphics but becuase the game lost its community and you cant play proply on your own.
,Not Recommended,209080,27714916,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,stamps,Refunded
,Not Recommended,209080,35237205,Posted: 27 September,all,『     』 | Vreecase.com,The multiplayer for no reason is unplayable buy me.Not to recommend this one
,Recommended,209080,25612489,"Posted: 20 September, 2016",all,Leonard Weems,i plop
,Recommended,209080,31745528,Posted: 14 May,all,Smollik,9/10
,Recommended,209080,16020200,"Posted: 26 May, 2015",all,lockwoodx,Current State of the Game Review as of January 2016: The community is MUCH better (tho smaller) and it looks like the GoI staff did some much needed house cleaning of habitual offenders that made the game fairly toxic. Balance tweaks along with a genuine passion to support their product has finally turned my opinion around from negative to positive and I'm looking forward to seeing what 2016 has going for the game.
,Not Recommended,209080,14887197,"Posted: 14 March, 2015",all,Sly Fly,"2017: Alliance launch, revisited. I wish I did not.11.2015: RevisitedGuns of Icarus Online exists as it is now because Muse games some time ago decided to break out of slavery of their publisher and make the game as they see fit.That's actually a shame, their publisher could probably whip them up into doing it properly.There are a couple of quite enjoyable things that kept me playing for that long, however, and I shall briefly list them here:- The idea of steampunk airship dogfights itself is very appealing and I do not really know many games that did that at least as bad as GoIO did, not to mention the multiplayer;- If, somehow, you manage to get in a match with players of skillset that is equal to yours - you might find the battle quite entertaining and rewarding no matter of outcome. There is nothing better feeling than standing in a close quaters battle with enemy goldfish and spire at the same time while piloting the long range mobula and your ally being 20 seconds away from rescuing you, where your gunner and gungineer, by some miracle, manage to disable the fish' front disabler, repair the armor AND manage to hop in back on guns just in time to strip down spire's armor so we would be able to accelerate our speed to maximum using moonshine and ram into the bloody monstrousity with the force of two planets colliding, which woul result in this flying stick falling apart, our ship taking heavy damage, golfish finishing us off, ally arryving just in time to gank up on a lone fish and bring us this last kill we needed for a victory.At a moments of that I was proud to be a captain of a ship which managed to do something that I previously believed was impossible and was grateful for my crew, which managed to keep up with my pace and commands while making miracles of their own.Sounds amazing, right?Unfortunately, that happened about two or three times during my stay with GoIO.And that's about it on what I enjoyed about this game.Let's move on to the points that made me hate it and developers.First of all, there always was, is and will be a problem with online unless developers finally change their ""solution"" to the problem.The thing is, the GoIO got quite a steep learning curve and even with their lousy tutorial it will take some heavy relying on more exprienced players and practice to at least understand all aspects of the game as the whole. Mostly relying and annoying more experienced players obviously, who are not quite happy with this and never was in any way protected from new players and their naive idiocy yet many suggestions were made regarding this issue.Basicly, the game has a ""cycle"" which reads as follows:-No influx of new players makes veterans drop the game and play something else;-Developers patiently wait until online drops to the critical amount up to the point when it is almost impossible to find a match to play in while playing in non-murican timezones;-SUDDENLY developers make some shady deal with humble bundle or steam store, which basicly sells the game in large amount and grants the online grow up to 700%;-Newbies swarm the game, make servers laggy and generally annoy veterans with lowered quality of match while veterans sometimes snap at newbies and most of them eventually stop playing to return to the game later. Or not.-Newbies play for a while, online drops down to the point it was before because some of them did not handle the agression from old-timers or failed to understand how the hell they are supposed to play it, some veterans return and no online growth expected since then;-Goto 1.Seriously, check the steamcharts for this game - this is a bloody american ride, always going up and down so sharply that it can slit your throat open.Second problem would be the game optimisation and balance.Check the recommended hardware for this game, double the video GPU up by perfomance and there is quite a chance that your game will lag like a Crysis 3 on pentium 2 era PC each and every time you encounter the cloud or a flamethrower in action. This is just happens, believe me.Regarding balance - it tends to change in more radical ways and in most unpredictable ways that sometimes I felt that I am playing Starcraft II post-HoTS period. I even remember a couple of times when players playing in beta-branch of the game complained to developers about obvious issues with balance they are going to bring with this patch and about zero damns given - following update you could kill anything and anywhere with a flamethrower just in a few seconds.Third problem would be the developers themselves.Quick facts - they are either lying or simply ignorant, if not both, amateur bunch of people.Those who played for a while and followed the process of development shoul know the guy named Keyvias aka Matthew - the guy with a keyboard and a very long tongue, handling PR.By his claim you are always welcome to drop by and say a few words to a feedback mail account, but I guess that does not imply that at least a single damn will be given about them.For examples:30.08.2014 I sent a very throuough feedback about outdated game manual with detailed list of outdated and false information.Month later feedback was aknowledged and promised on the grave of every single dead person to be fixed, one more month later manual was still outdated and reminder was sent by me, to which a hastly thanks for reminder were received. On december the bloody thing was outdated so I reminded them about it and received some lousy excuse in response as well as promise to fix it very quite soon. In january one more reminder was sent and Matthew was not heard from ever since then.UPDATE: As of 15th may of 2015 refund was received.On december of 2014 I asked them if it would be possible to receive a refund for pre-order of adventure mode and was granted with positive response that they would be glad to honour it as soon as I provide necessary information to make a transaction. Said information was provided and, fast forwarding through a series of another lousy excuses, I received a final offer of GoIO styled bullet-USB or 10 USD worth in-game shop items. Which, as histerically funny it may be, was refused. Nothing heard from ever since then.As for less personal examples: developers, in attempt to win community's favor, claim that they are gamers themselves. That they are actively playing the game and know it, know the community, know it's problems.It sounds as a good idea, however, developers are known to play only few games in a week among themselves and lucky few players who manage to get their hands of a password. It is quite obvious that you never see any riff-raff, newbies or average Troll Joe over there.Which leads to such moments as developers aknowledging such problems as double-classing and telling players to deal with it, but threatening players with consequences in double classing happens in their game, never knowing and sincerely being shocked by possibility during the dev-community video chat that informing via HUD reported player that he was reported by anonymous for bad behavior may and will escalate the conflict even further, never realising in whole scale how hard it can be to find actually enjoyable game with old and new matchmaking systems alike.From what I know and experienced about developers - I came to a decision that I can't trust them and that they are doing quite a lousy job. If you are willing to agree or disagree with me on my point is up to you, but take what I wrote up there in consideration.And yes, I am still waiting for that refund.Now about matchmaking.For you to understand how severely following problems affect the gameplay for ALL the players participating in the match I must note that GoIO is HEAVILY oriented on team work. If single player is failing to provide - the ship fails to provide. If one single ship in team is not efficient enough - the team is doomed for failure.Continued in comments."
76561198082261356,Not Recommended,209080,14655600,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,MasterSFX,"Guns of Icarus looked like it had so much potential, yet it failed to keep me interested.  The concept is extremely interesting but the gameplay is a drag.  There are intense moments of fighting that make the game shine, but they are few and far between.  I can't really argue against a lot of the game because I just haven't wanted to spend more time playing.  I believe that keeping the player interested is one of the most important aspect for any game, and Guns of Icarus failed.  If I ever go back to this game I'll be sure to update this review, but for now I can't recommend it."
76561198122397367,Not Recommended,209080,16034501,"Posted: 27 May, 2015",all,Zebra,This game is falling apart cant run the lobeys with the mobs of players coming in after you tubers played it for money since the game sucks and most players are♥♥♥♥♥♥♥like myself.  The game will always be on sale it seems so it shows how the owner thinks of the game.
,Not Recommended,209080,15283150,"Posted: 9 April, 2015",all,Xenos,"Was encouraged to buy this game by a friend, played it for a few hours and quickly realised that this games only works and is only enjoyable if you have a complete team of friends who you know well and can communicate with to work as a team to manage the ship correctly. Otherwise it is extremely dull and easy to die insanely fast which eventually becomes boring."
,Not Recommended,209080,16412595,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,mongmang,if you dont have friends dont bother buying this♥♥♥♥♥
76561198065368101,Not Recommended,209080,16839710,"Posted: 2 July, 2015",all,The Boulder,Its really annoying to play without a group of friends.
,Not Recommended,209080,11269669,"Posted: 16 July, 2014",all,Bhargo,"More like Lobbies of Icarus. You spend 90% of your time sitting in the pre-game lobby waiting for more people to join. When people finally DO join, you spend even more time bickering about who gets to actually shoot, since there has to be 1 pilot and 2 engi or you are severely crippled, and anyone else getting on the guns ruins the gunners preloading of special ammo. After everyone finally accepts not being able to have fun that match, the game finally begins, and the true frustration starts. Pilots LOVE ramming, as in, they do nothing but ram other ships all game. All it usually ends up doing is making it so none of your ships guns can get an angle on the target, and it puts you perfectly in range of the enemy using flamethrowers to set your entire ship on fire. The poor saps who got stuck playing engineer then get to run around like, well, people on fire, trying in vain to put out the fires that spring up faster than game mechanics allow you to put them out. After your ship finally goes out in a manner that makes the Hindenburg look like a minor overheating, your pilot gently reminds you how much you suck because you can't repair the hull fast enough. The more experience players strut around like kings, demanding you play a specific class and refusing to let the match start if you don't acquiesce. They will tell you what to play, what items to use, what guns to use. They basically play the game for you. It wouldn't be so bad, but the playerbase seems tiny (likely because few people want to be shoehorned into classes they dont want to play *cough engineer*) so on the average you'll see 4-5 games active, all with the same people demanding you play by their rules.So many things are wrong with this game, and most of them are player based, so they'll never be fixed."
,Not Recommended,209080,18038729,"Posted: 14 September, 2015",all,Wulf,"Pointless to play, unless you have a full team to play with. There are also unlocks in the game that make your ship stronger than others, so you will be weaker than them unless you have played more than them."
,Not Recommended,209080,16073806,"Posted: 30 May, 2015",all,Herr Priddeh,This game is ****. It's not even fun when you play it with 32 drunk and stoned guys. The pace is very ******* slow and it fails to work. The mechanics are broken and the graphics pour.
,Not Recommended,209080,24198782,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,Cococonoquoa,the community has gone to♥♥♥♥♥♥ the game is full of nothing but hackers now. its unplayable
76561198079309249,Not Recommended,209080,17789666,"Posted: 30 August, 2015",all,BALISTA,Be ready 2 spam the mouse button. This game is boring and repedative it is a not buy u pc peasents.
,Not Recommended,209080,16002620,"Posted: 25 May, 2015",all,Alexander_,♥♥♥♥♥ the admins
76561198061707095,Not Recommended,209080,17541535,"Posted: 14 August, 2015",all,legohero58,save your money for a good game
76561198087043057,Not Recommended,209080,17084138,"Posted: 16 July, 2015",all,The Last Fox,"No one playes, can sit in a loby for 30 min. Other than that its good."
76561198116815058,Not Recommended,209080,17721208,"Posted: 26 August, 2015",all,Der Knabe,This game lacks a competitive spirit.
76561198156628439,Not Recommended,209080,18230904,"Posted: 27 September, 2015",all,Starjustice,I didn't like it.
76561198267497638,Not Recommended,209080,22200331,"Posted: 2 April, 2016",all,Kingcr0,"Guns of Icarus Online is one of the slowest running game I have ever encountered, it has huge lag spikes and it is $10 for a game that can run normally. I would never recommend this game to anyone."
76561198021545366,Not Recommended,209080,29489103,Posted: 25 January,all,Erkk1,this game filled my lungs with♥♥♥♥♥♥and♥♥♥♥♥
,Not Recommended,209080,17613111,"Posted: 19 August, 2015",all,Big Tompson,I did not really have fun playing this so i refunded it...
,Not Recommended,209080,27909395,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,untamedtoplay99,garbage
76561198148880347,Recommended,209080,13572376,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,SmoothToast39,...
,Not Recommended,209080,5266523,"Posted: 1 September, 2013",all,Bazoka810,"Fun for the first day, gets amazingly boring and tedious after three days. 5/10 Buy something else. If it were cheaper, say $2.50, I'd give it a 7/10."
76561198256548444,Not Recommended,209080,18737377,"Posted: 28 October, 2015",all,Sarmau5,this game sucks camel♥♥♥♥♥♥
76561198120822828,Recommended,209080,10833028,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,redgab,good game
,Recommended,209080,18257595,"Posted: 29 September, 2015",all,mr grips,Like a Steampunk Dota FPS battle royale with gunships and fancy lighting.
76561198161634600,Not Recommended,209080,13561368,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,SilkyWilky,"Props to attention to detail, but after going through the training sessions and playing a few online games, it's clear there isn't much depth to this game. Sure, a few users will invest the time and energy needed to master each gun and ammo combination, while knowing how to shout commands to fellow users, but for the average gamer, the investment won't pay off. Needs more depth or story beyond ""go there, fix this"" to really engage with the user. Great graphics, and solid team-based environment. But not enough to keep you coming back for round after round."
,Recommended,209080,8230017,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,Diokaza,"This game require:- good team work- good captain- Need a mic for  alot of fun communicate with teamBest about this game:-Very very good graphic-Alot of fun-So many friendly people-so much enjoy and totally worth paying for this gameBad thing about this game:-sorry, this game is so perfect  and no bad thing!!I have   give a bad  review about this  game and now i delete the bad review because  im totally wrong,this game have  so much fun and  im so farking enjoyed playing thisAnd don't  alwasy trust metascore !! they a drunk so much!!!So i hope this review will help you so much!! Good job for  who created  this game without that guy/team i will never  feel so much fun with my friend"
76561198079637332,Not Recommended,209080,15862899,"Posted: 16 May, 2015",all,ATOMIC,Wrench repair simulator 2015.  If you hop right into this game you will spend 100% of the time simply whacking one of the ships systems with a wrench... that's it.  On the off chance you get close to another ship and miraculously on the side of one of your guns some random teammate will take control of that gun leaving you to nothing but repairing whatever the captain is shouting to repair.  I have no idea how this is so positively reviewed.
,Not Recommended,209080,15913706,"Posted: 20 May, 2015",all,CiyanX,Game is as good as dead
,Not Recommended,209080,16838831,"Posted: 1 July, 2015",all,[DED] KampKounslr,"Very slow paced, shots are very hard to hit with, not a lot of fun :("
,Not Recommended,209080,16637035,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,Gangzterhamzter,"This game makes me claustrophobic, and might be laggy without a computer. Probably fun."
,Not Recommended,209080,17259423,"Posted: 27 July, 2015",all,D3MO,"You get micromanaged out the♥♥♥♥♥by other players, game is fine but the dev team and the unpolished game is annoying we have been promised a adventure mode but cannot get the backing to fund it until lately i believe. any way spent my final hours on this game until the game becomes more polished and actaully like a finished game. and please adventure mode soon. it would bring such a boost to the game sales"
76561198152063230,Not Recommended,209080,24425174,"Posted: 20 July, 2016",all,alchemiester,"Well, I do not hate this game, but for me I did not enjoy it. Maybe it was because I use a mac, but the game is very confusing and glitchy it also is very slow frame rates and most of my buttons didn't work when I tried to fix something.If you want to buy this game I think you should because I see why people would want to buy it, I baught it because I really like steampunk stuff but it wasnt what I was expecting."
,Not Recommended,209080,24112734,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,StuK,game is dead.
,Not Recommended,209080,25651951,"Posted: 23 September, 2016",all,Dillinger,Calls for  IntelHD300 graphics or greater ....osx 10.6 which Steam doesnt support so game cant be played
,Not Recommended,209080,15969982,"Posted: 23 May, 2015",all,Badger,Meh game
,Not Recommended,209080,16772168,"Posted: 28 June, 2015",all,Dogheadfish,"good idea, buuuuut"
76561198011001784,Not Recommended,209080,23596325,"Posted: 16 June, 2016",all,Dorg Borgus,"Got reported for some extremely mild profanity and goofing around a bit while I was a captain. I paid for the game and if you're going to punish me for messing around a bit and acting like a dumbass after I've already purchased it, and bought a bunch of cosmetic garbage, you're a sensitive little clitoris."
76561198035505616,Not Recommended,209080,27695243,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,HighABV,Not a fan. Did not really get past the intro of the game and already lost interest running back and forth to put our fires then fix something bla bla bla ....until you fail that and have to redue it to advance. If i wanted to take tests I go back to college. If you want to play a game...buy something else.
,Not Recommended,209080,32896421,Posted: 27 June,all,Tider,meh
,Recommended,209080,22407004,"Posted: 14 April, 2016",all,Pauly C in Mourning,One of the most unique multiplayer games out right now.  Think FTL if the players were the crew and instead of space they were on a post-apocalyptic earth in steampunk balloons.
,Not Recommended,209080,17473618,"Posted: 10 August, 2015",all,"Axel ""Not the Real"" Foley","This is an amazing game with an extremely toxic community.The community used to be wonderful. I remember buying it when it was available through a bundle at a low price. The playerbase online was huge, and everyone was pretty alright to each other. Fast forward a few months, and the playerbase is filled with entitled ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s. If you haven't played this game nonstop for the last year, you will be called out by ""veterans"" who are filled with anger toward your lack of knowledge.Oh, and now games take 5 minutes to queue up, sometimes longer. Hopefully we get another renaissance of cool players, hopefully the game goes cross-platform when it releases on next-gen consoles."
,Not Recommended,209080,12103089,"Posted: 14 September, 2014",all,[LB] Gryff,Fifteen Dollar Game with Microtransactions.♥♥♥♥ing despicable.
76561198044701740,Not Recommended,209080,28797643,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,adamsrealm,"DLC is more expensive alone than the Game + alliance collectors bundle, get your damned pricing right muse!!!"
,Not Recommended,209080,2580169,"Posted: 30 June, 2013",all,Shortlived,"This game is a classic example of a fantastic concept with an execution that is simply lacking something.  You join a ship sporting a crew of four (A captain, and three gunners or engineers) and you battle to the death in a 2v2 airship battle high in the skies as steampunk hot air balloons.The game is very simple to actually play unless you're the Captain (in which case maneuvering the ship to give and avoid side barrages as well as coordinating your crew's effort) which is a bonus for new players coming into the game.  However, it kind of becomes a repetitive quickly; after all, it's only enjoyable to run back and forth between repairing the ship and unleashing hell.Additionally, the matches require sixteen people (4 ships with 4 person crews) and finding sixteen people to play a game is a problem for most games; Guns of Icarus is no exception.  As a result, you spend an overwhelming amount of time in a lobby.If you have a group of friends playing this game, then this could be a fantastic addition to your game library; but if you're playing it solo then you'll find it's either a side-scroller that you bang on engines and shoot at balloons in, or an amazingly complicated flight simulator.  I wanted to like this game as the concept is top notch and there's nothing categorically wrong with it's execution; but it just wasn't enjoyable (for me)."
76561197994003608,Not Recommended,209080,16847539,"Posted: 2 July, 2015",all,Coiler,Half of my playing hours is waiting time.One crewman not cooperating can destroy your whole team.Nonsensical superpowers (stamina).Guns nerfed because new players can't handle it.Ships nerfed because new players can't handle it.Majority of decent players has started camping their♥♥♥♥♥out in the spawn.The other half of actually decent players left already.Astounding game crippled by some poor dev design choices.nopenopenope/10edit: even some folks in the muse team now like to encourage new players to leave and not enjoy the game by parking a 4 ships team into a corner and making them leave out of boredom. Gj guys : )
76561198165831813,Not Recommended,209080,26511171,"Posted: 9 November, 2016",all,pERIODbLOOD,"Do not waste your money or time on this game. It was once great, but the absolute incompetence of the developers has ruined it. They ruin things what work and ignore things that don't."
,Not Recommended,209080,11744521,"Posted: 16 August, 2014",all,Miro,"Using Ubuntu 14.04. The game keeps freezing when the games has to render lot of smoke/particles, i.e. while turning or looking around. It is only possible to unfreeze by alt tabing and tabing back. This is really annoying. Would not recommend it for linux players."
76561198145855880,Not Recommended,209080,23151998,"Posted: 23 May, 2016",all,JaCoB,The games is pretty much dead R.I.P their are like 3 servers
76561198090690342,Not Recommended,209080,17276944,"Posted: 28 July, 2015",all,✪GoodEffort™,horrible
76561198028722444,Not Recommended,209080,29840134,Posted: 10 February,all,Caddyshack main,ZZZZZZZZZzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz
,Recommended,209080,20387640,"Posted: 7 January, 2016",all,Fax MekClood,"𝐈𝐧𝐭𝐫𝐨𝐝𝐮𝐜𝐭𝐢𝐨𝐧Guns of Icarus is a fun, immersive, Steampunk, team-based game that is actually one of my most favorite games. I  reccomend it for those who can work well with other players. Enough talks lets get into Pros and Cons.𝐏𝐫𝐨𝐬- Immersive Gameplay- A great community (Non-Game Based)- No P2W features- Amazing Graphics- Fun Gamemodes- Easy to learn Gameplay- Tutorials- Character Customization (Not many team-based games have that)- A lovable Steampunk atmosphere- Pirates Of The Carribean Online Vibes (Such a Good Game)𝐂𝐨𝐧𝐬- Few gamemodes- A small community (Non-Game Based)- You can't choose to join whatever server you want to play in- No Hand to Hand Combat (This limits the game)𝐂𝐨𝐧𝐜𝐥𝐮𝐬𝐢𝐨𝐧Me: *Piloting Ship*Crewmates: *Doing Nothing About The Burning EngineMe: *Runs To The Engine*Me: *As I Am About To Hit It The Ship Explodes*gg no re 9/11 needs more planes and towrs"
76561198007394261,Recommended,209080,31285568,Posted: 21 April,all,ScottyNoarf COP✨PIRX,"AMANDA PLAYS IT, ITS GOTTA BE SUPER GREAT, JUST LIKE HER! LOL"
,Not Recommended,209080,11763305,"Posted: 18 August, 2014",all,Wade,"This game has some fun elements to it, but I can't recommend it due to the community.  Honest to goodness, probably the worst I've encountered since Left 4 Dead 2.  Mostly elitist snobs and cringey wannabe-Victorian roleplayers.  The big clans are the worst offenders and the amount of mic abuse is astronomical.If you do play, play with friends (as in, your own crew) because the PUGs are godawful.Play through the tutorial.  It helps immensely.Blowing up airships with big guns?  Pretty dope.Interesting (if not sparse) steampunk theme.Do not spend more than $5 on it.  $3.75?  Maybe.  $15?  Hell no.Many in-game purchases (costumes, hair, ship decorations, etc).Basically, it's steampunk Hawken with a slight twist.If I could give it a ""neutral"" rating, I would, because the game itself is a solid ""meh"", but due to how downright mean the community is, I can't really recommend it."
76561198055593851,Not Recommended,209080,10942714,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,Ms_Apathy,"Disappointed, I dont know what I was expecting, but I had the 'summer sale fever', and i searched steam-punk games.Character when loaded the tutorual wouldnt stand still just floating constanly around, apparently the adventure mode will cost you extra it at $10 to fund development, and thats the cheapest its going to be before pre-order for next year.Being painfully shy the thought of actually talking to strangers online via voice function is a big nonono, maybe if my friends played?I want to like it I really do..."
76561198047168415,Not Recommended,209080,9293857,"Posted: 28 February, 2014",all,rjamescs,"If you like the steampunk genre, this game is definitely for you! If you like waiting, dealing with the inadequacies of your teammates, a clunky interface, terrible customization options, AI that wanders around aimlessly, and matchmaking system that leaves random assignment to be desired, then this game is super definitely for you!!!Seriously though, it takes way too long for a match to start (about 10 minutes after majority of people queue). The success of the ship is dependent on the crew working together, which rarely happens. People regularly get frustrated and leave which means the ""wander around, shoot at air"" AI takes over (causing previous point). Of the 15ish matches I've been in only 3-4 have been enjoyable/even-matched. Most of the time you just get blown up by three ships at once or pointlessly try get the crew to gang up on a ship.It's a great concept, it just relies on so many people working together and actually knowing what they are doing for it to execute properly."
,Not Recommended,209080,10164487,"Posted: 18 May, 2014",all,Lt. Scout,"Is an extremely fun game; at first. After playing a few hours with my friends (a while ago, but I imagine this still holds true), the PvP gets REALLY stale. Using a variety of ships, switching positions, etc. can only do so much for a game like this. I was hoping that when I bought this game a week after its release, that it would be a fun, long term PvP game for my usual friends to play with. It wasn't. The main thing I would like to see, which is promised by the devs, is a PvE experience. This is, however, supposed to be released in 2015, and based on my understanding, will be apaidfor DLC.I did enjoy the mechanics and idea a lot, but trying to be tactical in this game has no rewards; the best strategy is to charge headlong into battle and ram the enemy with guns blazing, which gets boring after a while. I would have liked to see some more variety in the way you tackle other ships. Maybe some boarding and the ability to actually hurt the other crew members? Or perhaps just a better artillery cannon...The upsides: Fun to screw around with friends in, good roleplaying potential.The Downsides: Stale gameplay, repetitive combat, overall a game you'll play for 5-20 hours and be totally done with for a long time.I give it a 4/10, with a potential to be better in the future with more added, hopefully free, content."
,Not Recommended,209080,21506551,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,AlphaDuck,This game is more dead than America's future.
,Not Recommended,209080,11503118,"Posted: 1 August, 2014",all,Nietzsche's Mustache,"This game is full of bugs. Every time you think the developement team is working on fixing bugs, they release a patch and a dozen more are created. Some known bugs have gone months without being fix. I'll grant you, the team is small, but priorities are misplaced. Supposedly there is an ""Adventure Mode"" in place. I challenge Muse Games to fix bugs in the original game before continuing on to new charted territories."
76561198126504087,Not Recommended,209080,15814948,"Posted: 13 May, 2015",all,Lardo Retardo,"its terrible don't buy cus if you do it'll make you cry and want to die, its a bunch of balloons in the sky and youre this one guy who has to try and fly but this game is bad pie"
,Not Recommended,209080,10621654,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,Prof. McScantyPants,"Terrible game - clunky, slow and awkward. Would not recommend"
,Not Recommended,209080,9467135,"Posted: 14 March, 2014",all,Mayo,"This was a game I was recommended by a friend. He really sold me on the team work aspect of the game. Which, to be fair, it does try to accomplish.However, the problems are unfortunately too many to actually recommend this game to others.Firstly, the game is painfully simple. So simple that during my few hours of gameplay I could already tell which ships were the min/max trend of that current patch.While it may seem fun to get a crew together and become a well oiled machine, you soon find everything extremely simple excluding the pilot. The pilot, probably the best role, is still pretty simple honestly.What immediately set off a red flag for me however was the complaints I read regarding content and balancing within the game that was left unchanged, yet all the fancy aesthetic items you could buy from the store.To be fair, the game was extremely cheap when I bought it on sale, but I'm always instantly upset when I pay money for a game and then find I have to pay more money to customize my character. This is a model used in free-to-play games, not pay-to-play games.If you're wanting something for you and your friends to work together as a well oiled machine type thing, look into Artemis Spaceship Bridge Simulator instead."
76561198013510447,Not Recommended,209080,10530776,"Posted: 19 June, 2014",all,Toxa,"I was never available to play when my friends where, the game needs better match making."
76561198043457790,Not Recommended,209080,10003083,"Posted: 2 May, 2014",all,Ленин,seems like a basically good game besides from one thing it keeps freezing as soon as i open it
,Not Recommended,209080,14699479,"Posted: 28 February, 2015",all,Zizmir,"This game can suck my BIG, FAT, HAIRY, dogs nuts"
76561198055538473,Recommended,209080,8138677,"Posted: 20 December, 2013",all,Krexxor,"Doesn't load correctly.  Music but a black screen.   Not happy.....   But read on.....However support is excellent and a very clever chap called Keyvias got things running for me.It is also running on the other house PCs so we can crew as a family.  Seems the purchase of 4 ids was a really good idea.This is what he told me to do:Hello,I 'd love to help solve the problem for you.It sounds like you need to reset the game to defaults:1) Right-click on the game in your Steam library, go to Properties2) Select ""Set Launch Options""3) Enter the text ""--resetToDefaults"" (no quotes) and hit OK4) Launch the game5) After you’ve done that remove the --resetToDefaults""If that doesn't work we'd love to help get you in the skies.Just send us an email tofeedback@musegames.com"
,Not Recommended,209080,10181985,"Posted: 20 May, 2014",all,Father Julius,Crashes upon start up 0/10
,Not Recommended,209080,15441187,"Posted: 18 April, 2015",all,harsh fam,should had pvp cqb battleshould be able to board enemy ships with uzis
76561198128234001,Not Recommended,209080,10154617,"Posted: 17 May, 2014",all,Octolegs,If you're not into massive multiplayer games this isn't for you. I can't say if you'll like it or not but I personally regret every buying it.
76561198009999045,Not Recommended,209080,9684429,"Posted: 31 March, 2014",all,Sundown,"Urgh, my experiance of this game is lots of hitting guns with a spanner to fix them... for hours on end.If you get to be a pilot or gunner i would imagine its better but playing as a repair class is the most boring thing ever.I would imagine if you play as a clan or group of friends where you could rotate class then it could be fun, but its not a game i would recommend."
,Not Recommended,209080,10214295,"Posted: 23 May, 2014",all,Pips,"Was fun, when it worked. After playing for a few hours, the game completly stoped working. Wouldn't even launch. Verify game cache? nothing wrong. Uninstall and re-install? Nope. The only ""solution"" is th COMPLETLY uninstall steam. Some ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t. This game should NOT be considered a full release if it immediatly stops 3 days after purchasing it and the only way to fix it is reinstalling all of steam."
,Not Recommended,209080,10319032,"Posted: 1 June, 2014",all,Lilly Satou,I buy game in beta.Now steam says I don't have game.0/10 Can't play.
,Not Recommended,209080,10234398,"Posted: 25 May, 2014",all,<>,"Overall, this is a very good game and it's hard for me to do this, but I'm giving it a thumbs down. There are many, many good things about this game, but it is multiplayer skirmishes only, and there are many uncooperative or unresponsive players that mar the gameplay itself. I played a few matches and loved it, but then started getting in matches with people who would cuss at the captain when they told them to do something. I think it would be better if they added consequences for people who did things such as this."
76561198033239584,Not Recommended,209080,14202639,"Posted: 27 January, 2015",all,=(e)= Alpaca Stan,Boring.
,Not Recommended,209080,14388864,"Posted: 8 February, 2015",all,Sepoohroth,Just couldn't get into it.
76561198025512631,Not Recommended,209080,24727158,"Posted: 5 August, 2016",all,dizzyispower,"Game is probably fun, but doesn't feel worth getting decimated just to get to that fun part.Tried to learn to play this game with friends but we just got stomped since there appears to be no tutorial or balanced matchmaking system."
,Not Recommended,209080,10183415,"Posted: 20 May, 2014",all,mort,poo poo plane simulator
,Not Recommended,209080,10065961,"Posted: 9 May, 2014",all,yelroc,I was disappointed in this game.  Its team verus matches only.  I was expecting a coop adventure game that would also have the option of deathmatches.  But given that it is only versus matches then the game its good to me.  I had purchased a 4 pack for me and three of my friends because it looked awesome.  But it wasn't.  It could have been so much better.
,Not Recommended,209080,9188453,"Posted: 19 February, 2014",all,Arod Snaux,"Neutral vote: the game is a neat concept and has great graphics, but the bitter reality is that the two most important roles - engineer and captain - are damn boring and simply consist of mindlessly clicking buttons and running around. Online players want action, which means the gunner slots always get filled up. Granted, anyone can repair and fly and shoot, but it takes a dedicated role and a player dedicated to PLAYIG that role to actually keep your ship flying.Bot AI is horrid, and the lack of a mission mode (and a very short and very broken tutorial mode) makes this a solid ""NO"" - unless you have friends you work well together as a team with, and then I could see how it could be fun. But random players? I'm very doubtful."
,Not Recommended,209080,9348494,"Posted: 4 March, 2014",all,mikengo,"Requires giving them your email, and setting up an account.Also, you must aggree tohttp://gunsoficarus.com/community-standards/I am sad the store page said nothing about this extra DRM, and it would be good if the requirment to aggree community standards to play the game are noted in the store page."
,Not Recommended,209080,10121995,"Posted: 15 May, 2014",all,ASTRA,"SCREW THIS GAME UP ITS DONKEYHOLE, I BOUGHT THE 4-PACK WITH ALL THE DLC AND THEN I CAN'T CONNECT TO THE GAME AT ALL.WHAT THE SODDING ABSOLUTE BLOODY HELL?!"
,Not Recommended,209080,12000002,"Posted: 6 September, 2014",all,Jawpz,"Seeing as my last review was in a hissy fit due to me getting frustrated with the game’s community I decided to take the liberty to change my review and I can tell that the developers really care for this game and it’s not a simple cash grab which is a really rare sight to see these days so it would have been unfair to leave it the way it was:Truth be told the core game is fun and enjoyable and there are lots of different strategy elements to take into consideration for example what ship you’re using, what items you have on your load out and what guns are on your ship. There is customisation for your avatars as well though a majority of the customisation is available through a cash shop you can still get some free items though progressing. There are team battles of 2 v 2 or 3 v 3 and a capture the hill/control type mode which requires you to defend points and rack up points by controlling the area(s).This game is an MMO so community is a massive factor. From what I have seen you can get some good people in your team but from my experience it’s extremely rare to and the majority of players seem to be elitist♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥who want nothing more than to win and will actually join games with new players and low ranked players just to dominate them completely as a clan. After the clan wins they will clear out the match because no one will stick around to play with people like that and it drives away the community and you can often find yourself in an empty match just after one game.I personally had an issue with a high ranking clan that joined the game bearing in mind I had played two previous matches in the same lobby with them prior but all of the sudden we start exchanging insults when I wouldn’t swap with one captain’s friend so he began to throw mines (which is the only weapon that can team kill) around my ship and having the two ships on the enemy team on his side they all began to destroy my ship so I simply quit the game. I reported the individuals who were involved but no action was taken which led me to believe that moderation was non-existant. I also made a thread about it on the community page to which the clan began to spam the thread and even a moderator for the community also joined in so realising that the community was a ‘circle-jerk’ I gave up and wrote my previous review. Only once the developers saw this they decided to take action on my reports when really they should monitor their game better.Over all the core game is good but it is completely ruined by the community and until there is some way to separate ranks or at least have the option to and the developers monitor their game better I cannot recommend this game to anyone but hey if you’re an elitist try-hard who enjoys different levels of strategy and heavy communication team play you may enjoy it."
76561198135615391,Not Recommended,209080,10977344,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,Gunner_Odysseus,Just don't... I lost my sex life due to this and my parents kicked me out for using their Wi-fi for por.n
,Not Recommended,209080,13213726,"Posted: 3 December, 2014",all,Grandpa skinflute,I rode a flying boat and remembered i could be playing skyrim. butts/tikki minaj
76561198042163355,Recommended,209080,8793451,"Posted: 20 January, 2014",all,bluedrop,First time i posted this review i was disappointed but if you check the comments of this review the developers took a look at it and fixed all my server/lag problems so thanks Guns Of Icarus. At least you care about you players :)
,Not Recommended,209080,26372071,"Posted: 2 November, 2016",all,fcknugget,Can't play multiplayer because I can't play tutorial because the game keeps crashing
,Not Recommended,209080,14072612,"Posted: 19 January, 2015",all,Kaldire,no
,Not Recommended,209080,13615035,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,Ludnificent,"Team Fortress 2 steampunk stuck on an airship with 3 classes. Can't fall off and die. Not sure what the uproar about this game is, seemed rather boring after about 10 matches."
,Not Recommended,209080,29037271,Posted: 5 January,all,MR.SALTY,didn't like it i'm getting a refund
76561198156381900,Not Recommended,209080,12267645,"Posted: 27 September, 2014",all,voyager360,Pretty messed up. Too difficult. I bought a 4-pack and it was a ♥♥♥♥ing waste of time.  Cannot invite my friend sitting right next to me.  Whoever wrote this UI needs to be shot.
,Not Recommended,209080,12188043,"Posted: 22 September, 2014",all,DevilMist127,horrible game. famous lag spike every 5 seconds and you cant see for♥♥♥♥♥♥
,Not Recommended,209080,13030812,"Posted: 21 November, 2014",all,chajim,You will spend all the time in lobby waiting for a game. Not recommended!
76561198056902545,Not Recommended,209080,25065818,"Posted: 21 August, 2016",all,Sandwich,immediately uninstall
76561198306500482,Not Recommended,209080,23357892,"Posted: 3 June, 2016",all,Raging Videocard,It is so Boring to be an Engineer
,Not Recommended,209080,12852937,"Posted: 8 November, 2014",all,asuffield,"Linux version does not work for me at all - completely fails to start. When I tried contacting support, they just said to use a different computer and then stopped bothering to reply. Complete waste of money."
,Not Recommended,209080,10182546,"Posted: 20 May, 2014",all,xKlanMemberWhiteKnightTrikshotzx,IF YOU LIKE BAD RATS THEN UR GONNA ♥♥♥♥ING LOVE THIS
,Not Recommended,209080,30134610,Posted: 23 February,all,abcd,terrible not fun at all and is deffinitely not worth the $10
,Not Recommended,209080,7791834,"Posted: 27 November, 2013",all,RoGer,A dull game on Unity engine with empty multiplayer where nobody uses voice chat (which is the only thing that can make multiplayer less crappy)
,Not Recommended,209080,13301568,"Posted: 9 December, 2014",all,ted cruz 2024,better than stalker but then again every game is
,Not Recommended,209080,13945101,"Posted: 11 January, 2015",all,JAYJAYFAB,"""Please describe what you liked or disliked about this game and whether you recommend it to others.Please remember to be polite and follow the Rules and Guidelines.""No. I have never been a law manGuns Of Pictari is another game by EA in the Doom franchise. The textures are not as pink as they first seemtoo many drugs in the game. it does come with a free copy of Windows 9 which is kinda helpfull for beating the ""Ultimate Quest"""
,Not Recommended,209080,32749986,Posted: 24 June,all,makesh,don't buy this please
76561197992270248,Not Recommended,209080,14567941,"Posted: 20 February, 2015",all,Zuntullah,"Terrible game, ♥♥♥♥♥♥ community. Do not waste your money or time on this game."
76561198101250762,Not Recommended,209080,26044976,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,Conga,it doesnt load
,Not Recommended,209080,14538010,"Posted: 18 February, 2015",all,Crunchy Toe,"Broken tutorials, bugs, lack of patching, god awful spelling and grammar in descriptions. Iffy mechanics. Walking off of an airship is sometimes as easy as bumping into a railing... Incredibly low popularity means the often 100+ms latency vs distant players will come into effect when playing, though this is fairly minor. Very high pings, such as 200ms+ are evidently too high.Though I got the game on offer, considering how unpolished it actually is (given its age and how little I have played so far), I still wouldn't recommend it. It's dead for a reason... or close enough to it.Patch the game up, make it free to play (since it has a store) and it may draw people in and get them playing."
,Not Recommended,209080,2543833,"Posted: 24 February, 2013",all,jfredett,"This game could be so good.The premise is simple, 4 players on each of 3 airships across 2 teams. Big open map, guns are on the sides, steering is at the front. Team with most kills/highest score/whatever wins.The concept is simple and indeed the wider concept (imagine dozens of airships, crewed by 4-10 players, in a giant air war) could be brilliant. Add in a layer of EVE-like persistance and you have a game I would happily pay a subscription for.But, alas, we're left with Guns of Icarus -- where the ships are too slow, the guns are piddly and don't feel as if they do anything. The upgrade system is draconian and there is just no *umph* to anything. I run to repair my engine, but every swing of my mallet just makes a 'clink' with no noticable effect. I run to the starboard guns, enemy sighted! Quick! Spray them with this weak one-shot gun, now wait 10 seconds as they launch their hellfire highspeed rockets while you try to remember which end the harpoon gets loaded in.Unbalanced doesn't even begin to cover what this game has implemented. It's just broken. I haven't even touched on piloting, in which your actions often correspond to the whims of some sky-demon who thinks it's funny to send you down when you say 'up' and left when you say 'slow down' -- it's not sensical. Invisible walls bounce you around like a ping pong ball while you wonder what you're doing wrong. It's utterly foolish.It's truly sad, because the concept is so beautifully simple, put a player in the role of a ship captain, let them crew up and raid the high-skies. So much potential for improvement to boot -- boarding parties, EVE style economy, EVE style sovereignty, and player-built sky-stations. It could be _so good_, we could have _so much_.Instead, we have this.Strong reject on all counts."
76561198084397415,Not Recommended,209080,8968013,"Posted: 3 February, 2014",all,RudeBoy Skank,I can not say how disapointed I was in this game....
,Not Recommended,209080,8130675,"Posted: 19 December, 2013",all,Untold,Completely broken game. Would not work on my rig after troubleshooting.
,Not Recommended,209080,9738907,"Posted: 5 April, 2014",all,Siegerolf,"Average game, I would not recommend a purchase because of the grind you need in order to get anywhere.  Think of World of Tanks except buggier and stuck on a ship with a rather lacklustre gaming community. 3/10"
,Not Recommended,209080,8168890,"Posted: 21 December, 2013",all,Rozzy,Got boring quickly.
,Not Recommended,209080,31243664,Posted: 19 April,all,twitch.tv/LordLeafe,Essentially a paid demo
76561198080352275,Not Recommended,209080,8438704,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,gvy311,cant keep a stable connection and i have better internet than all my friends
76561198030864926,Not Recommended,209080,9206770,"Posted: 21 February, 2014",all,uty,boringest mmo
,Not Recommended,209080,24982036,"Posted: 17 August, 2016",all,metricdinosaur,way too many achievements4/10
,Not Recommended,209080,7890500,"Posted: 2 December, 2013",all,rove mcmanus,it feels incomplete its lacking in content and has a very little community i would not suggest buying at full price
76561198077083121,Not Recommended,209080,9928182,"Posted: 25 April, 2014",all,BACON WARRIOR,"This game was once fun but now there is only 100 people on at a time and 50 of them are a$$holes, 25 are noobs, this onlyleaves you with 25 good players at a time. Also the lag has gotten better but its still there on certain maps and depending onwhich sever you are on, and how many ships on the map. Also the thousand peepie fans didn't help at all, sure the game waspack of people but they weren't decent players just stupid fanboys. Thank God they all left when he did. The only good thingI got from this game was the few friends that are awesome players that took out the time out to help me and are real &decent people inside the game and outside of it, and that was worth my 6 euros I paid for the game. I say the game isn'tworth the full price now so wait for a sale or groupees bundle."
76561198039622143,Not Recommended,209080,8128910,"Posted: 19 December, 2013",all,Balooga,"Obviously I don't like this game from the lack of hours spent into it. The game is way to unbalanced as you'll find yourself fighting with 15-20 people on one team and the enemy team has a measily 3 people on it filled by stupid AI. You'll constantly get put into matches on the losing team often times finding your ship going down the moment you connect into the game and a score screen popping up right after that. The game was obviously focused on having much more people playing than what it actually ended up with. It's a shame really since it could have been an amazing game if it wern't for the poorly executed multiplayer experience. :(Edit: Ohhh, are you guys butt hurt on the truth about the game? Good, be butt hurt!"
76561198013476128,Not Recommended,209080,8123926,"Posted: 19 December, 2013",all,Ace Havoc,"WOW! Impressively bad game. Honestly I find it in bad taste to say something good or bad about a game and not give a thorough reason as to why, but there isn't much more that needs to be said about this game. A perfect example of an amazing concept gone horrificly awry."
,Not Recommended,209080,610603,"Posted: 28 March, 2013",all,Coleman811,Hammer Simulator 2013
76561197975242443,Not Recommended,209080,9162773,"Posted: 17 February, 2014",all,JOHN RAMBO,"This game would be great, if you could board the other ships. Why the hell would you make a harpoon weapon that reels a ship in just so you can look at it? Would ya just look at it?"
,Not Recommended,209080,24739086,"Posted: 6 August, 2016",all,osDuck,nah
76561198043987685,Not Recommended,209080,8670722,"Posted: 11 January, 2014",all,Dank Hill,crap
,Not Recommended,209080,8330393,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,[RC]Grim,I didn't find it interesting.... at all....
76561197963004027,Not Recommended,209080,7945873,"Posted: 6 December, 2013",all,=P,Not a fan =(
,Not Recommended,209080,14034514,"Posted: 17 January, 2015",all,Jack,crap
,Not Recommended,209080,9161077,"Posted: 17 February, 2014",all,CrossJustX,"Oh they're shooting at us, better smashy bashy the engine till I kill the fire."
,Not Recommended,209080,31309299,Posted: 22 April,all,iliekP3aches,This game is dead.
76561198086232389,Not Recommended,209080,12429377,"Posted: 9 October, 2014",all,Kodak Black,I wanted to love this game but i just didn't it felt like it was missing somthing. I can see why someone would like this but its just much to bland for me. I was super hype when i got it but its not worth 15$.
,Not Recommended,209080,29638622,Posted: 1 February,all,Ganjasaiyajin,cards
76561198254122946,Not Recommended,209080,29943117,Posted: 15 February,all,Kurogami,its getting bored can u atleast give item when play like custome or this game bored out
76561198052743399,Not Recommended,209080,23187765,"Posted: 24 May, 2016",all,BobDoleReigns,Edited: pending hotfix...
76561198108512484,Not Recommended,209080,12717016,"Posted: 31 October, 2014",all,stormati,No single player missions ! Why do I have to wait & li♥k other people's ♥♥s for a game ! boring :(
,Not Recommended,209080,28174222,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,Lord Icefire,boring
76561197991776027,Not Recommended,209080,31268001,Posted: 20 April,all,icland15,"Game does not function, nor run."
,Not Recommended,209080,35363466,Posted: 30 September,all,Vinnny,gay boi
,Not Recommended,209080,12808277,"Posted: 5 November, 2014",all,Riffy,I am ashamed I kickstarted this mess.
76561198005032275,Not Recommended,209080,26590181,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,Spectresse,Worst game ever !Never play it alone (or at all).
,Not Recommended,209080,12676574,"Posted: 28 October, 2014",all,Cryolock,"It is recommended for this game to have a mic, which I don't, mainly because of the fact that it requires extremely high level of coordiantion"
76561198041739277,Not Recommended,209080,12632798,"Posted: 25 October, 2014",all,gorepuppet,"boreing, really really boring. just using a wrench on stuff adn putting out fires. just got old real quick."
,Not Recommended,209080,12584188,"Posted: 20 October, 2014",all,Gunner409,waste of my money. boring gameplay and teams. wish i could get a refund of my money. was hoping for a game with awesome graphics and gameplay. instead i get a game with okay graphics and rubbish gameplay. so many time have i been in a battle where no one can find eachother
,Not Recommended,209080,14775268,"Posted: 7 March, 2015",all,Jonzuz,"0/5 ei edes toimi, tekisin paremman."
76561198046808325,Not Recommended,209080,30504598,Posted: 14 March,all,Colonel Burton,"Bought the game for 5 EUR and installed itWas asked to create an account and name my e-mail address to get an ""authentication key""Couldn't even select password of choiceGot♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥off and clicked ""Skip for now""Couldn't click ""PLAY"" so I clicked ""Tutorial""Game started counting down 60 seconds till ""Tutorial"" would startClosed game and requested a refund"
,Not Recommended,209080,10159655,"Posted: 18 May, 2014",all,Dwarfy,Ded game
,Not Recommended,209080,23309279,"Posted: 31 May, 2016",all,BrightWhale,too boring you have to w8 for a long time to search match and the game is to monotone u just repeat it same thing again monotone and you guys must think i played this game only for 3 hour you can't judge the game like that yes i can apparently the if the game was interesting enough will play it again but is not for me and thats my opinion
,Not Recommended,209080,29968847,Posted: 16 February,all,LinuXitty,",,,"
76561198121214156,Not Recommended,209080,24911478,"Posted: 14 August, 2016",all,lautric,just a another disgusting tasteless game -.-
76561198062174059,Not Recommended,209080,30537461,Posted: 16 March,all,Vexia,"I like steampunkI like steam airshipsI bought this for full priceIt was not worth it.Its 1 single pvp map, with the same damn ship doing the same boring actionsSPAM CLICK CLICK CLICK to fixSo dumb, so boring, don't waste your time or money."
,Not Recommended,209080,29640549,Posted: 1 February,all,[52ndNY][Sgt]David Dire,Game sux
,Not Recommended,209080,25643127,"Posted: 22 September, 2016",all,__Frag__,This game is garbage. The stupid game made me go through 3 stpuid tutorials. Waste of time.
,Recommended,209080,10247299,"Posted: 26 May, 2014",all,I just bought an htc vive,This game is fun because I can yell at my friends and they listen and shoot guns
,Recommended,209080,18386486,"Posted: 8 October, 2015",all,MissMoppy,"The team work aspect of this game really makes it a gem, and it's got a great community of players. I've had a blast with it so far, and can't wait for Alliance."
76561198167543044,Recommended,209080,30382551,Posted: 7 March,all,[WDSF]ChunkyBluntz,"If you love the Idea of flying on a Victorian Steampunk ship and fighting your enemies using weapons that range from ballistics to energy-bolts and everything in-between, then you have found the right game... Alliance has brought about a new way to approach the game, and a new reason to battle with your friends and enemies !! I have rarely had any issues with this game, and at that a simple restart fixed it. There might be some who don't like how the community is, but they have not spent the hours some have in grinding out them levels and earning their titles... Yes there are some things you can buy, but this game is the farthest you can get from pay-to-win, everything you can buy is cosmetic... Overall, the game brings about a style of combat that many love... If you are wary of the price, then wait for them to put the game up on a sale, it is definitely worth every penny you put into it..."
76561198034310905,Recommended,209080,10123028,"Posted: 15 May, 2014",all,RollPlayingGamer,Guns Of Icarus Online is a GREAT game. (if you have friends.) if you don't have friends.. Well make some so you can play this game. or befriend bots. They are always there for you!For a REAL review... Well i think its a great game. its pretty balanced and the mechanics and gameplay are a nice mix. You can either be a:pilot (usually captain of the ship)engineer (guy who magically repairs things with a assortment of items)Gunner (the person who makes things go boom)All of these classes are required to have a happy ship. (of course) But yeah. A very fun game if you have the friends. Also the 4 pack is 7$ at the time of this review. so its a great time to buy.
,Recommended,209080,10133670,"Posted: 15 May, 2014",all,Cvxcvgg,Yes. Just...Yes.
76561198136861072,Recommended,209080,10133788,"Posted: 15 May, 2014",all,pengeyx7,this first thing is more of a question Where would i go to get my captains costume pack and sountrack if i got the collectors edition. Overall though i really like this game even though my computer is very slow. it goes smooth sounds nice and is just fun.
,Recommended,209080,10135652,"Posted: 16 May, 2014",all,MT,"Good fun, especially when its you and 3 mates!"
,Recommended,209080,10135680,"Posted: 16 May, 2014",all,ThirdHandChunk,Awesome game best with a team in a skype call.
,Recommended,209080,10136003,"Posted: 16 May, 2014",all,Camso,Pretty good game. 9/10
,Recommended,209080,10136264,"Posted: 16 May, 2014",all,Aimson,Great game seems to take ages to level and would like to see more in the way of updates on content packs going forward
,Recommended,209080,10136468,"Posted: 16 May, 2014",all,Qwarf456,its awesome
76561197970835268,Recommended,209080,10137052,"Posted: 16 May, 2014",all,Mad Mike,"Guns of Icarus Online pits scrappy dieselpunk dirigibles against each other in desperate battles. It is your job to steer, repair and fight with your ship in a team of four people and communication and coordination are essential.Fresh idea, fresh setting and fun gameplay, definitely enough to get me going.First of all it should be said that this game isn't perfect, it has its kinks and interface issues. One has to get pat that to see the shiny diamond underneath. But if you're willing to invest yourself, you will soon find yourself immersed in frantic ship battles and hectic on-deck activities like repairs and fire control.The game offers a variety of different airships, each with its strengths and weaknesses and of course a unique and recognizable design. While you play you get to know the layout of the ships, which is actually essential, if you want to be able to react quickly to changing situations in a battle.The player also gets to choose between three specialist roles: gunner, engineer and pilot. This however is not as exclusionary as it seems, everybody can do a little bit of everything, specialists are just more effective and offer more variety in their departments.The gunner is the meat and potatoes of the game, fighting the ship battles, spotting enemies in the sky and doing a little reapir work on the side. He carries three different ammunition types for different purposes. You should definitely experiment with the guns and the ammo, as you do not want to shoot a gun only to realize that you're suddenly doing minimal damage. Some guns and ammo types require a lot of getting used to, shooting very slowly, having little ammunition and some guns just list in a certain direction or move very slowly. This can get frustrating, if you're in a tight spot and lose the battle just because the gun drags a little more than you remember. The gunner is also widely considered the ideal role to start playing as it entails the least responsibility.The engineer is the monkey of the ship, alway hopping around between ship parts, repairing, buffing and fighting fires. This can get extremely hectic and sometimes it is advisable to get others to help you keep the ship together. There are the essential parts, the hull armor and the balloon pump, which you should always focus on. The engines should be the second priority and here it already gets complicated.The parts are usually placed far away from each other, so you sometimes have to cross the entire length of the ship to travel from balloon pump to the hull armor. This is where the oh so often mentioned coordination comes into play. If you're lucky, you're not the only engineer on the ship and can split the work. If you are however, you will have to sometimes just pull your gunners to perform repairs. This can be really hard, if they're just landing some sweet shots, but that won't help you, if you crash.The pilot bears the most responsibility, as he has to keep the enemy's position in mind, align the ship so the gunners can fire, evade the terrain and enemy fire, keep a lookout for your allies and coordinate with them, coordinate with your crew as your abilities can damage the sip over time and spot problems with on deck repairs and fires and advising the engineer accordingly. This is not only a mouthful but also quite a complicated job.You should wait for captaining a ship until you are experienced enough with ship business, so you can keep an eye on that, without concentrating on it. Nothing will lose you friends faster than regularly crashing into terrain or not giving the gunners opportunities to fire.Through the amalgamation of all these pieces, an experience is created unlike any I've had in a long time, if ever. The coordination in a well oiled crew can be very inspiring. At first I thought the game was a little too simple for me to stay interested long term, but that actually turns out to be a strength. Plus there is still depth hidden in the loadouts for each role. Once you get into the flow you will forget all the little problems, that sometimes bother you while in the lobby. Grab this game, jump aboard and fly towards glory."
76561198020421920,Recommended,209080,10137181,"Posted: 16 May, 2014",all,Spelledarn,It's a fun game
,Recommended,209080,10137338,"Posted: 16 May, 2014",all,Krimson,"A very fun, unique and fresh strategic shooter that requires a lot of teamwork. The game is broken down into 3 roles: Pilot, Gunner and Engineer who all have their unique roles, but any of the 3 classes can essentially do all jobs but are only allowed 1 tool from the other classes. For example, Pilot will have 3 pilot tools, 1 engineer tool and 1 gunner tool.It is very fun and very satisfying to play and working with your team to get kills and win is very enjoyable, but I wouldn't recommend it if you don't have friends who play it with you, as it isn't that fun without them. If you love Steampunk, this is a must play."
76561198040100369,Recommended,209080,10138051,"Posted: 16 May, 2014",all,Ushiken,This is an amazing game to play woth your friends! If you get a team of four friends then then this game is well worth it!
,Recommended,209080,10140535,"Posted: 16 May, 2014",all,Nanox,you can fly and shoot lovely
,Recommended,209080,2363644,"Posted: 4 December, 2012",all,Xirosil,Addicting. Pretty fun especially if you can make a crew of 3 other people you know.
76561198113351466,Recommended,209080,10115477,"Posted: 14 May, 2014",all,Robey Roton,I love playing this game.
76561198037664425,Recommended,209080,10115628,"Posted: 14 May, 2014",all,Sozun,"Excellent game with a great on-line community.  It suffers from some lag issues but the entertaining game-play and the camaraderie of most players makes for an enjoyable experience. Part of what makes this game great is the atmosphere, setting and background. i would recommend this to anybody who enjoys a mid paced, first person action/strategy game. Especially if they are a fan of the steam-punk genre.One of my favorite games."
,Recommended,209080,10121065,"Posted: 15 May, 2014",all,TV,IT'S SO FUN!!!
,Recommended,209080,10121628,"Posted: 15 May, 2014",all,Capacitard,Like Guns of Icarus with guns!
,Recommended,209080,10122407,"Posted: 15 May, 2014",all,SlicedBlu,"this game is super fun, especially with friends"
76561198105510640,Recommended,209080,10148713,"Posted: 17 May, 2014",all,Bentai,This is so fun and there is a lot of teamwork involved. I give it a 9/10 because you can play better with a mic but it you dont have one then its a little hard. You can use a chat though.
,Recommended,209080,10149517,"Posted: 17 May, 2014",all,SnowmanCR,"yep, fun air combat"
76561198016398176,Recommended,209080,10149672,"Posted: 17 May, 2014",all,Ignatius Thunderbird,Imagine you're playing FTL. Except you and your friends are the crewmembers.THE BALLOON'S ON FIRE OH GOD SOMEONE PUT OUT THE FIRE
76561198012532691,Recommended,209080,10150420,"Posted: 17 May, 2014",all,DJ603,Really fun teambased game!
76561198108184012,Recommended,209080,10150430,"Posted: 17 May, 2014",all,✔M8,its a good game kind of hard to get used to but once you do its really fun
,Recommended,209080,10151188,"Posted: 17 May, 2014",all,Pagle,Very fun with updates often.
76561198046673751,Recommended,209080,5227795,"Posted: 8 August, 2013",all,Derek,Smoke a blunt play this game
,Recommended,209080,7532408,"Posted: 31 October, 2013",all,Lovebus,4 people 1 ship. manuevering around a crowded 3 dimensional battlefield tryign to keep all the bullet holes patched up long enough to score a few kills before you either explode or crash land into the ground. Also you can hit the ground and not be dead yet. sure you are a sitting duck but it isn't insta gib.
,Recommended,209080,10154008,"Posted: 17 May, 2014",all,junkfight,"This game is a true gem in online ♥♥♥♥ery. Fly the skies in a flightboat while shooting at any number of enemy pilots. Literally just the best thing to do on steam. ♥♥♥♥ Episode 3, this is where its at."
76561198111917590,Recommended,209080,10154966,"Posted: 17 May, 2014",all,nsmc,Great its fun to work with your team mates exept if there being a @!#$ then they suck!
,Recommended,209080,10155571,"Posted: 17 May, 2014",all,James Ouroboros,"I honestly love this game. It is a good game where you actually have to think about your choices of loadouts, each item having their pros and cons. I enjoy the customization and the only real problem I have for this game is the fact that it overheats the computer, which is kinda a problem on my side considering how horrible my computer is. If I didn't play on an absolutely horrible computer, I would play this game much more than I have"
76561198064918472,Recommended,209080,10413125,"Posted: 9 June, 2014",all,Maxmillion,Best game in a long time!
,Recommended,209080,10414279,"Posted: 9 June, 2014",all,ded,den/den
76561198060586922,Recommended,209080,10266951,"Posted: 28 May, 2014",all,SkriddyBacks,not bad
,Recommended,209080,7544627,"Posted: 1 November, 2013",all,Corvo K. Attano,"Hoist the baloon, spin up the propellers and load the guns!"
,Recommended,209080,10269070,"Posted: 28 May, 2014",all,{SOBs} kainsshadow,I highly suggest you get this game especially if you have friends to fill out a crew with. Tons of guns to fire and wrenchs to swing!
76561198050754847,Recommended,209080,10270663,"Posted: 28 May, 2014",all,Addonexacy,Very very beautiful and fun. Has great music and gameplay that gives off a nice steampunk-feel to it. Perfect game for you if you enjoy active communication and personal customization as well as ranking up.
76561198011489523,Recommended,209080,7914247,"Posted: 4 December, 2013",all,Birdman_D,"Ever wanted to be part of a cohesive unit on a Steampunk Airship? Ever wanted to be a pilot, or an engineer on one of these bad boys? This is THE game to get for that. Lots of customizability on your ship and character, decent graphics, and most importantly, the voice chat shouts of pirates and british people shouting profanities and shanties."
,Recommended,209080,7915858,"Posted: 4 December, 2013",all,Brad54321,"this game is great, BUY IT, BUY IT NOW!"
76561198012634792,Recommended,209080,7915956,"Posted: 4 December, 2013",all,Powindah,good fun with a group
,Recommended,209080,7446150,"Posted: 21 October, 2013",all,"Yoshikage Kira, Thot Patrol","TAKE TO THE HIGH SEAS!  Well, the high skies now, since there isn't much water left on earth.  Take your friends or go solo and hop onto a steampunk airship to shoot down other steampunk airships (or, in some cases, keep your own steampunk airship in the air).  Great fun for all parties!"
,Recommended,209080,7902863,"Posted: 3 December, 2013",all,HereticZero,So much fun it's crazy.  I was very surprised.
,Recommended,209080,7903596,"Posted: 3 December, 2013",all,Potato,Very very good game.
,Recommended,209080,7904754,"Posted: 3 December, 2013",all,LlamaDude,"This is an unimaginably tense, exciting, fun, and, dare I say, intimate, co-op game out there. When you have a good crew, and/or a good captain who communicate and synergize in such a wonderfully fantastic way. The reason I don't play more of it, fellow skeptic, is because of extremely low server populations and the occaisional lag. the first you fix through your presence and the second through your greenbacks. It's fifteen bucks, people. It will probably be the best fifteen dollars you spend this month. So join me, and my numbered flying compatriots in a quite simply wonderful world of airships and bloody annoying artemis missiles. Hate those. Everything else wonderful!"
,Recommended,209080,7417117,"Posted: 18 October, 2013",all,UR|HCMan,Keep on flyin'
76561198045791645,Recommended,209080,7854927,"Posted: 30 November, 2013",all,Marshal Cyber,"In a post-apocalyptic Earth where life as we know it was destroyed by the heat of global warming, a barren world coverd in sand, steampunk air ships are locked in battle over very desirable marvels of the pre-apocalyptic Earth. Form teams to opperate these air ships to help fight against the opposing team to get the structures of the past world."
76561198008855227,Recommended,209080,7855004,"Posted: 30 November, 2013",all,Soltra,Just fappin awesome
,Recommended,209080,7856649,"Posted: 30 November, 2013",all,Stratagast,"very fun, worth buying"
,Recommended,209080,7857148,"Posted: 30 November, 2013",all,Irishninja,"Really fun multiplayer game, especially if you convince some friends to buy it with you. Having a crew of friends you know all talking over headsets is so much fun on the ships!"
,Recommended,209080,7858137,"Posted: 30 November, 2013",all,Cowlobster,"Very good game, it originally got poor reviews at launch but has since fixed most of the major bugs in game, best way to fly is grab the 4 pack and get four close friends to one ship, it's really an experience working together, even the losses can be monumental... this is one of the few games where the team is everything, every part is necessary and with a good team you can win most fights, but there's so many different strategies and methods and maps that you can mix things up and experiment and still have a good time."
76561198046242753,Recommended,209080,5195456,"Posted: 15 June, 2013",all,FreakDoctor,"I have to admit, this game is wonderful. The graphics are very good, so are the gamemodes. I really recommend this game to other players. The tutorial is very good, and explains pretty much everything from every class. It's recommended you start with the tutorial, because it explains how everything works in every class (tools and perks). The game could use some more players though."
76561198064658822,Recommended,209080,7864673,"Posted: 1 December, 2013",all,DC SWEsavior,This game can be so much fun if you have a good crew and a challenging enemy! And the ships are just amazing if you are into the architecture of ships :)
76561198062649245,Recommended,209080,10180547,"Posted: 20 May, 2014",all,Gahk is Lackin',Buy it.
,Recommended,209080,10180720,"Posted: 20 May, 2014",all,Masker,"Can be played alone, but so much more fun with a group of friends. Can customize your ship and character and go up against other teams, watch out for clans though."
,Recommended,209080,10180973,"Posted: 20 May, 2014",all,Niall,"Great game, best played with three or more friends"
76561198066331229,Recommended,209080,10181407,"Posted: 20 May, 2014",all,Casual,"Buy the 4pack and play with friends. ""Much fun, so amazing - Doge"
,Recommended,209080,10181477,"Posted: 20 May, 2014",all,Taco,Great Game IF you can get friends to play as well.
,Recommended,209080,10181498,"Posted: 20 May, 2014",all,LycawN アントニャデス,"Extremely fun , vintage , Game of absoloute team work !Graphics 8/10Audio 10/10no bugs spotted"
,Recommended,209080,10181532,"Posted: 20 May, 2014",all,TYPEDECK,♥♥♥♥in love this♥♥♥♥♥
76561198039539402,Recommended,209080,10182044,"Posted: 20 May, 2014",all,TwoCakes McGhee,"Pretty fun! Something different, and definately worth the sale price."
,Recommended,209080,10182146,"Posted: 20 May, 2014",all,PopsicleCat(╭ರᴥ•́),"Aamzing. Airships, steam punk, amazing Devs, not much more to ask for."
,Recommended,209080,10182170,"Posted: 20 May, 2014",all,Superior Toro,Very intense and fun team-coordinated game. Excellent 10/10
,Recommended,209080,10182245,"Posted: 20 May, 2014",all,DankPopNLocks,"Picked it up on the $3.75 special deal, probably the best deal I've made on Steam yet. Guns of Icarus is extremely fun and addicting. The in-game voice chat works great too. Extremely fun to play with friends, so I'd recommend it to everyone!"
76561197980067405,Recommended,209080,10182565,"Posted: 20 May, 2014",all,Abe Froman,"Pirates in the skies, what else do you want?"
,Recommended,209080,10182834,"Posted: 20 May, 2014",all,beckmabj,grab 3 friends and play this.
76561198028669558,Recommended,209080,10183360,"Posted: 20 May, 2014",all,Hashbrowns,Totally worth it ... first time playing a game of this type. Teamwork is a must
76561197989043812,Recommended,209080,10183812,"Posted: 20 May, 2014",all,Brofisticus,"Confirmed for being really freekin fun. The game is team based PvP where teamwork is key. There are four people to a crew, each crewman has a particular role. The captain picks the ship and the loadout and is responsible for flying the ship. The engineer runs around like a nutball doing his best to keep the ship in the air. The gunner... do I really have to explain a gunner?Best results when you play as a team. No one man can make enough of a difference on his own."
,Recommended,209080,10184382,"Posted: 20 May, 2014",all,Aedan Lorefield,"Online Airship deathmatch carnage with your friends or with complete strangers, Though alot more fun with friends when you are organised. What more is there to say? This is a fast paced action filled game and a must play. Have not enjoyed a game as much as this in a long time. :)"
,Recommended,209080,10185435,"Posted: 20 May, 2014",all,possboss,"Great game and tons of fun. You get to customize your own ship and send it to war, you have a crew and try to keep it afloat while raining massive bullets on your enemies. I cannot understand the poor metatric review because this game is easaly 8.5/10"
,Recommended,209080,10186234,"Posted: 21 May, 2014",all,Raxyael,Just amazing.
,Recommended,209080,10194471,"Posted: 21 May, 2014",all,Lavidicus,"Very fun. I have a great time playing with my friend Taylor. Pilot and shoot down dirgibles! Make sure to communicate with your team mates, and pick a class you enjoy, so you can level up."
76561198016746406,Recommended,209080,10194691,"Posted: 21 May, 2014",all,Obama_Cares,"This game is so much fun, but i suggest getting the 4 pack so you can play with friends.  Friends make it sooooo much better"
,Recommended,209080,8144516,"Posted: 20 December, 2013",all,Nalkas,jó
76561198063758312,Recommended,209080,8145156,"Posted: 20 December, 2013",all,Das Terminator,great teamwork game and fun to find the rightship and gunload
,Recommended,209080,8145402,"Posted: 20 December, 2013",all,Teh -Leo-,"Inexpensive and very fun game, worth the buy"
,Recommended,209080,7357923,"Posted: 11 October, 2013",all,sperK,Steampunk airship battles. 'Nuff said.
76561198056662928,Recommended,209080,8147326,"Posted: 20 December, 2013",all,The biggest loser on earth,great game
76561198034500710,Recommended,209080,8155844,"Posted: 20 December, 2013",all,saTurn,"Much fun, very friends, much ship, such people"
76561198069580871,Recommended,209080,8157665,"Posted: 20 December, 2013",all,Booker Dewitt,is good
,Recommended,209080,8157757,"Posted: 20 December, 2013",all,Flame Mouse,"This game is amazing. The amount of strategy and teamwork needed to win a match is just the right balance, and the community is nice and welcoming to new players. Grab some friends, grab a boat, and get moving."
,Recommended,209080,8159305,"Posted: 20 December, 2013",all,SlickBigChinn,Meh would probably be the best way to describe it. Youre either into it or youre not.
76561198047008260,Recommended,209080,8148117,"Posted: 20 December, 2013",all,☭ Gulag Warden ☭,"Have you ever wanted to be a victorian age gentleman who commands a Fortress in the sky...or a blimp with giant cannons ranging fron Flamethrowers to Heavy FLAK cannonsshooting other honourably gentleman´s blimps while having to repair damaged modules withyour four man crew????????????IF YES GET THIS GAME NOWIT`S AMAZINGhere is a youtube clip with Totalbiscuit, Criken, peanutbuttergamer, angryjoeshow and many more including the game devs  in a battle royalhttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xxEy4hSyr54"
,Recommended,209080,8148772,"Posted: 20 December, 2013",all,Blackye Rekrem,One of the greates game i've played
,Recommended,209080,8149110,"Posted: 20 December, 2013",all,jondillinger,"I watched the beta version, so a few friends and I decided to give it a try. We played for 8 hours straight. overal good graphics, multiplayer screen a bit glitchy but it's an amazing xperience"
,Recommended,209080,8151243,"Posted: 20 December, 2013",all,Cpt. Darkyelfff,Totally awesome. Requires much teamwork and brings a lot of fun!
,Recommended,209080,8133333,"Posted: 19 December, 2013",all,booms8,"Fantastic game. Stunning graphics, engaging gameplay, friendly community, and attentive developers. Really not much more I could ask."
,Recommended,209080,8135973,"Posted: 20 December, 2013",all,RangerSatyr,great game if you like air combat and steampunk style games its a great game if you wanna have a thrill ride and teamwork
76561197985534629,Recommended,209080,8136137,"Posted: 20 December, 2013",all,Vikingnewt,"still some glaring glitches/problems that need to be adressed, most notably in my short playing time thus far the need to have working basic tutorials, mine all got stuck before completion so i skipped to the advanced and did that.i've had one match online,was a 2v2 and i ended up captaining on the losing side (lost by one kill) but found the combat fun and immersive. and noted that it was very well executed and an absolute joy to play.the thrill of coming out of a cloud bank to catch another trying to circle you, jamming the engines to 2/3 reverse, and then running from the helm to man a flak cannon was just very good fun. and i look forwards to playing more hours along the way!"
,Recommended,209080,10248282,"Posted: 26 May, 2014",all,emusan,"Really fun team-based steampunk-themed multiplayer online blimp battle game. There are many times while playing where you really feel like you're there, on the ship, struggling to keep it in the air while being blasted from all sides by the enemy, frantically running and trying to get on the weapons to fire back while still making sure that your own ship is in good enough repair that you can keep afloat.The community seems pretty good too, of course you get the occassional asshat, but generally people are just there to have fun with others.Highly recommended if you're looking for a solid multiplayer co-op/competitive game!"
,Recommended,209080,10250460,"Posted: 27 May, 2014",all,XenoBass,Good Game
76561198114851296,Recommended,209080,10250535,"Posted: 27 May, 2014",all,gotallmebiscuits,"Very addictive and fun gameplay. what they have at the moment is promising but what i'm really looking foward to is the stuff they aim to add, the biggest of which being the adventure mode."
76561198009973657,Recommended,209080,10251043,"Posted: 27 May, 2014",all,Blindeye,"This is an experience I've been waiting for.  Crewing a ship with other players, working together to succeed. I can't wait for Adventure mode next year, so grab this game while it's hot!"
,Recommended,209080,10226134,"Posted: 24 May, 2014",all,Razør,Never thought I would see such a well balanced ship fighter game. Havin a team of 3 other friends makes them game a must play.9.5/10- Lets hope more content is added in time and bugs are fixed :)
76561198022225696,Recommended,209080,10226206,"Posted: 24 May, 2014",all,Grimscyth,"If you have some friends to play with this game is amazing. It's only okay if you have to pug a game completely, but it can still be fun."
,Recommended,209080,10226274,"Posted: 24 May, 2014",all,Y A T O ℧,"I love this game, why? dude Giant blimp air battles, Team work solid? who wouldent want the challange?"
76561198070540970,Recommended,209080,10226617,"Posted: 24 May, 2014",all,UndeadSpartan,Good evening. I am a blind captin...enough said.
76561198026937096,Recommended,209080,10228094,"Posted: 25 May, 2014",all,Kermit the Ascendant!,this game is really good with excellent graphics and gameplay mechanics.. I LOVE IT!!!
76561198134957778,Recommended,209080,10230732,"Posted: 25 May, 2014",all,gameboybin,"A very great game!! Great for teamwork, great in graphics, the gameplay, the sound its a little boring. But yeah, this is a good game. So everyone buy fast, and buy a pack for your friends,Its on SALE right now!!!"
76561198120033007,Recommended,209080,10232859,"Posted: 25 May, 2014",all,DatCrippledkid,"An all round excellent combination of tactical and rock n' roll approaches with awesome game mechanics, very little technical error, a very good buy! :D"
,Recommended,209080,10232944,"Posted: 25 May, 2014",all,finn_,"giant balloons, kair battles, ktransgender crewmates, k10/10"
,Recommended,209080,10589520,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,fat cloud ripper,"I didn't do any tutorials. Hopped straight into a game, thought ""Aw hell yeah I'm tactical and stuff."" So I waited until the pilot was off of the wheel and I stole it thinking I was a pro. I turned around into another ship and fell in the water and exploded.10/10"
76561198036647370,Recommended,209080,10590057,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,Snail King,"Battle blimps, do I need to say anymore? Heavy on teamwork, but very satisfactory when it comes together."
76561198040409307,Recommended,209080,10594573,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,CidDante,"You are on an airship and you shoot other airships with cool weapons like flamethrowers, gatling guns and mine launchers. You can be an engineer or pilot or gunner. The engineer and pilot have skills that help to keep your airship alive and in the sky/ The gunner shoots.If you like airships, steampunk or shooting you should buy this game."
,Recommended,209080,10594909,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,Zurkoslat,"You get to fly around and man a Air ship and pretend you're a sky pirate, what more can you want?"
,Recommended,209080,10595154,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,Elpiggo4,Great for a group of friends
76561198057406417,Recommended,209080,10554995,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,Lonewolf359,"I'd like to start off by saying that I love this game, and it doesn't deserve the score that it has. After watching numerous gameplay videos of it, I finally managed to get my own copy during one of the sales. The first thing I noticed right off the bat was the friendly but small community that the game has. Even if you're a total noob, most players will try to help you out, and if you mess up, they don't jump down your throat for it. Unlike alot of other games based mostly on online interaction, Guns of Icarus lacks the abundance of trolls and generally unpleasant people that many other games like it have. Only once have I encountered a person whom I would characterize as rude, but that person was still no where near the level of some jerks you can find online.The second thing I noticed from playing the game and looking through the forums is that the devs are extremely active. It's never a huge surprise to find them on the in-game chat or answering questions on the forums, chatting with players and listening to issues or suggestions the players have for the game. They truly seem to care about their game and what people think, unlike some developers who just brush off the community and ignore everyone. In general, it's good to see the devs take an active interest in things.The gameplay of Guns of Icarus Online relies on teamwork and cooperation. If you don't work together and coordinate, you will lose, I gurantee it. Having a mic can help out alot, and many players do have them, but it isn't a necessary for you to win. So far, the primary game modes are King of the Hill (capture and hold a flag for points) and Deathmatch (reach a certain number of kills to win). On first impression, it may seem somewhat limited; however, no game is ever the same, no matter what. There are a plethora of tactics you can employ to dominate your enemy, and you never know what your opponents will do or how you'll have to adapt. There is a small learning curve, but thanks to the game's matchmaking system, it's virtually impossible to get a team of all new players against veterans. This allows everyone to learn the game before really jumping in at higher skill levels. There are three classes for you to learn (Pilot, Engineer, and Gunner), each with their own role and purpose. You can customize your loadout according to your style and how you want to play. You also get a wide selection of ships (however, at start there are only three to choose from; you unlock more later) that you can also customize. The music in the game is pretty engaging as well, and puts you in the mindset of an airship captain and his crew. There's alot more I could tell you about the gameplay, but I'll leave it at this: it's excellent.My only problems with the game are that it has no single-player option, and that sometimes, it can take a few minutes (3-4 minutes) to get a game started (in part because the community is pretty small, as I mentioned above). The lack of a single-player option is somewhat discouraging, but the devs are currently working on a single-player element to add to the game, and they have my faith that they will complete and release it.To sum up,Pros:-Genuinely friendly community-Very active devs-Great and innovative gameplay, no two games are alike, and it rarely gets boring-Good amount of customization for ships and classes-Great teamwork and cooperation based gameCons:-No single-player option as of now-Small community can mean that games can take a couple of minutes to startI highly recommend this game to anyone and everyone, especially if you like airships or co-op/teamwork heavy gameplay. It's very fun to play with friends, and frankly, if there were more players, we could fix some of the issues with wait times for games. This is totally worth the price I paid for it (I got a 4-pack on sale for $7.49) and even more. Hopefully, if you're reading this, I'll see you in-game sometime. Thanks for reading!"
,Recommended,209080,10559637,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,Asrai Forns,I came to the game through seeing some youtube footage and with it being on sale it was an easy decision to purchase the 4 pack bundle for myself and 3 other clan members from WoT.We are jsut scratching the surface of the dogfight mode at the lower levels and it is a great co-op game for four friends.getting a game can be a little frustrating at times when no-one wants to captain but the wait isn't all that long in reality.Its a game I can see that is easy to pick up but dificult to master a bit like WoT.one of my favourite multi-player games.
76561198000692697,Recommended,209080,10734094,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,Andrea,10/10 would play again
,Recommended,209080,10735106,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,Vaelk,Just awesome
,Recommended,209080,10735308,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,Sausage Zeldas,"Fun and fairly unique steampunk aesthetic. You can choose and switch between supporting the ship's functions as an engineer, firing the various weaponry as a gunner, or flying the ship and commanding the crew as a pilot, whatever suits you. Needs a lot of teamwork, so it's best to play with friends, but joining up with randoms is fun too. Also the maps are pretty.Issues: Somewhat awkward chat UI, a few spelling/grammar errors, plenty of griefing opportunities."
,Recommended,209080,10736509,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,Bizarre,Yesh
,Recommended,209080,6893377,"Posted: 15 January, 2013",all,Baasgr,"A fantastic game for any Steampunk enthusiast. A very unique and entertaining angle on airship battles makes this game exhilirating and challenging for any Captain, Engineer or Gunner advocates."
76561198009926211,Not Recommended,209080,10681419,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,Death-By-Lasers,"Buy at you'r own risk. I bought this a few months ago and it never worked, I did contact the Dev's and they had me send them some info and I never heard from them again and game still broke :("
,Recommended,209080,10746155,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,Gublash,Airborne bumper cars. 10/10
76561198044522674,Recommended,209080,10750371,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,JastersLegacy,"Wasn't expecting much when I first bought it. Yeah, wotevs, I'll give it 10 minutes.Since that time I have only stopped playing so I can come write this review, BUY. THIS. GAME."
76561198067481999,Recommended,209080,10164568,"Posted: 18 May, 2014",all,Ki-Adi-Mundi,It good♥♥♥♥♥♥fly
76561198082480187,Recommended,209080,10164919,"Posted: 18 May, 2014",all,Casper,I saw a youtuber do a video on it and thought it looked fun and i was on steam one day and noticed it was on sale for 3.75 and was like why not. this game is fantastic its pretty artisticly musicly and very well balenced. im amazed by it i love this game.
,Recommended,209080,10165431,"Posted: 18 May, 2014",all,SadrStar,"Great game, lots of teamwork aspects, amazing cuztomization, great graphics, servers are a bit laggy but its still a pretty new game. Get it!"
,Recommended,209080,10165752,"Posted: 18 May, 2014",all,Trailblazer,Like star trek but in steampunk land.i love it!
,Recommended,209080,3469388,"Posted: 8 November, 2012",all,Geogo999,Great air combat and great multiplayer game!
76561198054913530,Recommended,209080,10165986,"Posted: 18 May, 2014",all,Intensely Tyler,yes
76561198061648632,Recommended,209080,10166708,"Posted: 18 May, 2014",all,master thief,"Guns Of Icarus is a fun, competitive, and teamwork based game that will imerge you in intense combat and will make you feel like a real pirate. That great feeling when you see your enemy ship going down in flames just makes you feel superior. The maps are huge and the ships are awesome. 9/10(almost a 10)."
76561198068030111,Recommended,209080,10166852,"Posted: 18 May, 2014",all,pasta755,"This is an incredibly unique game. It's unlike anything I've ever played, and is an absolute pleasure to learn.The strongest point for this game is the community though. The people here rock, which is good, because teamwork is VITAL."
,Recommended,209080,10166978,"Posted: 18 May, 2014",all,Ridley,"Awesome, awesome game!!"
,Recommended,209080,10167356,"Posted: 19 May, 2014",all,Wellby,"Awesome game.It's Blimp combat, basically air piracy.You play as one of four crew aboard your ship, working with your crew to keep it afloat and blow the♥♥♥♥♥♥out of the enemy.The community is rad. The other day I had a pilot who talked like a pirate the entire time. ""Man the fore guns ya land lubin' powder monkey."" Very fun."
,Recommended,209080,10167838,"Posted: 19 May, 2014",all,Prince of Eros,"I want to get this out of the way before I write anything else; I love Steampunk.The best quote I have ever heard concerning how to describe the genre was this; ""Steampunk is the fusion of Romance and Science.""If you at all love the genre, this game is something that must be in your gaming library.  Because it is an adventure of a multiplayer.The action takes place on an airship, usually in 2v2 battles where teamwork wins the day above anything else.  There are essentially three classes in the game; engineer, gunner and pilot.    Gunner obviously is responsible for handling ammunition and hitting the opposing airships while engineer keeps your own  in the sky.  The pilot, having one of the most difficult jobs, must keep the ship out of range of enemy fire, avoid obstacles within the enviornment and keep the enemy within his line of sight.Needless to say, this is a very tactical game.There is no boarding nor does your crew member get their own gun, it is all about running an airship and survive engagements.  It can vary from intensity depending on the skill of your crewmates, but this is also one of the few games where the community is friendly and welcoming to new players so should you have an awful game, it will not prove difficult to find somebody to help you improve.There is an ""adventure mode"" in the works for this game, which will involve running your own airship, supply runs, pirate hunting and even boss battles.  I can't comment any more on since its a work in progress, but essentially co-op is going to get quite the center stage.This game isn't for everyone but the ones who it is for know who they are."
76561198002308303,Recommended,209080,10168217,"Posted: 19 May, 2014",all,.:LEGEND:. GreenArr0w,"Awesome Game! One of my best game of 2014!The feeling you have when you and your CREW destroy an ennemy ship, it's priceless!Everything about this game is good, i mean i have 600x more fun to play this, than BF4, and this game cost me 7$ ...Remember the old good feeling of your good old favorite game when you was young? Guns of Icarus Online will give you this exact same feeling, The Gameplay is very good the ambiance is awesome,  You and your crew are on a airship steamPunk Style and you are going to live the battle of your life!It's PvP combat with an emphasis on strategic competition and truly cooperative play like no other, This game  is all about teamwork, tactics, and fast-paced action. With a good ship and the right crew, you can conquer the Univers.Stop thinking, This Game Will be the Ultimate BEST Game you have on PC!100% Best game ever! This game will bring you so much more!"
76561197993459595,Recommended,209080,10170036,"Posted: 19 May, 2014",all,mentalmackem/Pybo,"Very underrated game, its great fun to play in a team."
76561198059439541,Recommended,209080,10170538,"Posted: 19 May, 2014",all,Saucy Life,This game very good and under-rated .You can have fun with some friends or even just by yourself and sail the high skies with awesome people you meet.Best 3 dollars I’ve spent In a very long time.
,Recommended,209080,10107022,"Posted: 13 May, 2014",all,Continental Twat,It will be a short review.  I was really sceptical at first and I don´t like these only online games usually thats why I don´t buy them but it was cheap on steam and I thought I´ll get it for myself and some friends.Honeslty I´m suprised how in loe with it I´m in just a few hours of gameplay. With freinds or without the game is fun and the community so far has been really good also. If you are really into Roleplay then It seems the people will go along with you and over all the game is fun. The costoumisation at first is not that great would think that I could get more clothes aso there will be more diffrents between players. Even with the captains clothing pack or something you don´t still get that much of a choice or I didn´t get the items witch case it would really suck. But the game is fun and addictive.
76561198005413536,Recommended,209080,10107239,"Posted: 13 May, 2014",all,alfred.a,"This is a amazing game with fun mechanics, a great community and really good team play. The beauty of it is how every match feels like the bossfights in an MMO. People needs to do the right thing at the right time, the gunner must sometimes leave the guns to help with repairs, the enginers supports the gunners etc.A great multiplayer experience were communication is key, bring your headset!"
,Recommended,209080,10173138,"Posted: 19 May, 2014",all,Warhol,Holy♥♥♥♥♥♥this game is great. The only bad part is the pay2steampunk costumes. And by that I mean the steampunk costumes.
,Recommended,209080,10292510,"Posted: 30 May, 2014",all,Orpheus,The most unique and fulfilling multiplayer experience I have ever had.
76561198127471076,Recommended,209080,10293718,"Posted: 30 May, 2014",all,FlamingCabbage,Love this game. Teamwork and strategy just make it so much fun
76561198012816800,Recommended,209080,10294856,"Posted: 30 May, 2014",all,piknroll,"Excellent game, amazingly fun using voice chat with a group of friends!"
76561198042035017,Recommended,209080,10233342,"Posted: 25 May, 2014",all,PeachBuds,"It's simple, but a lot of fun to strategize with friends. Definitely play with friends if you can."
76561198084138829,Recommended,209080,10234181,"Posted: 25 May, 2014",all,Lieutenant Fancy Pants,Get this game it is a fun coop game so.... BUY IT
76561198115817414,Recommended,209080,10235175,"Posted: 25 May, 2014",all,Psychonautic,"Great game, Lots of fun and pretty competetive. I love the team aspect of the game and the communication oriented gameplay. It's a great game to play alone or with friends."
76561198029263636,Recommended,209080,10236693,"Posted: 25 May, 2014",all,The Great Ricktator,"Short version: A genre busting gem with cool gameplay and friendly community.Long version:It's kind of hard to find a place to start when talking about this game because there really is nothing else like it out there. Its like the best parts of some games combined with new ideas to make a new experience that for once is fresh and new. In a way it a is a class based, first person game with a third person option. Now when I say first person, and class based most would think TF2, and that isnt too bad of a frame of reference, except instead of mercs, each class has a different job on a flying steampunk battle ship. There is the gunner, whose main job is to man the ships gun turrets and fire at the other ships while loading up the guns with special ammo, the engineer who races around the ship keeping everything working while you are being fired at with various tools while buffing certain components, and the pilot whose job it is to control the ship and make sure the gunner can do their job properly. Each class is vital, but also not locked into their roles either, an engineer that doesnt need to make repairs can hop on a turret and fire or even take the helm if the pilot for whatever reason cant, a gunner can aid in repairs and naturally can repair their own guns, a pilot can let go of the helm and help out the engineers during a lull in the action. It's a game where teamwork and smarts take priority over mashing a button.The game also has a cash shop in it, yes I heard the groans that coe when the word cash and shop are next to each other and can sense some worrying about it being pay to win, well guess what it isnt like that. The cash shop is purely for customization items for your character and ship. and if you dont want to pay for that kind of thing a lot can be obtained through ranking up via achievments. As for ships and weapons, guess what all are available to everyone from the get go, though novice players are limited since they are still learning the game.It's unique, it has a lot of good ideas behind it, it has a welcoming community and most imortantly, it's fun! Go and get it already!"
,Recommended,209080,10237778,"Posted: 25 May, 2014",all,Azorax,"Great game, netcode needs work though.Perhaps I'm biased from playing a bit too much League, but imo if they 'copied' league as in they had a sort of IP system where you can gain 'gears' and purchase skins, e.g. play 15 games for a dye, or 150 or so for a uniform. Though can see that not working by people just having 2v2 with 1 man on each ship in order to get the in-game currency.love the game though, fun, moreso with friends but even without.please fix netcode. less lag = more fun. 7/10"
,Recommended,209080,10238525,"Posted: 26 May, 2014",all,Spooky Grandpa,"Has nothing to do with a greek angel, but it does have guns."
76561198054079651,Recommended,209080,10238538,"Posted: 26 May, 2014",all,BigHekinDonger,This game is amazingBadmammajamma
,Recommended,209080,10238560,"Posted: 26 May, 2014",all,ThePedro8161,"Although I recommend this game, There are a few things I do not like, there is an effect where when I stop moving my mouse, the screen keeps going, dont know if this is optional, but other than it being a bit confuzing as a beginner I give a 9/10, amazing game and I recommend it to anyone with a little bit of cash..."
76561198051838672,Recommended,209080,10305119,"Posted: 31 May, 2014",all,Koning_Koevoet,"Amazing game to play with your mates. Teamwork is very important in this game, and it is nice to have a nice crew to fight with you. The graphics are not that great, but this game is still in development. This game is not very expensive, and you can play this tons of hours."
,Recommended,209080,10306181,"Posted: 31 May, 2014",all,JonZ,amazing game with unique combat.... you definately need team cooperation to play right..... best if yelling at each other with your friends.
,Recommended,209080,10306367,"Posted: 31 May, 2014",all,Strongest Man In The World,"This game is one of a kind.  Naval warfare in three dimensions, with an overbearing emphasis on teamwork within a 4 man unit, and then coordination is essential pilot to pilot within the team as well.    No games to compare it to because there is nothing I have played quite like it.  Critic scores are rubbish posted by troglodytes who are upset they didn't come up with this game.  With the upcoming addition of single-player and co-op modes this game is a gem.  Developers are always present,  and interact/respond with/to the community.  10/10, especially considering it's just a small group putting this fantastic game out."
76561198137425032,Recommended,209080,10260531,"Posted: 27 May, 2014",all,seularbitre,"Guns of Icarus promotes teamwork more than any other game I have ever played. If you don't coordinate and cooperate, you are screwed, end of story. For those people who don't like working with other people, this game is not for you.The game still has issues but the experience of the game is still there, and it is still very fun. Teaming up with your fellow ships to trap a ship into a corner, and then unleash your flamethrowers on it is very fun. Also it is surprising how the classes are balanced, meaning that there is no class that is more fun than the other. I genuinely like being and engineer, but being a pilot is still pretty awesome. And blowing people up as a gunner is pretty fun too!In summary, other than a few bugs here and there, which the developer is dedicated to fix, this is a great, original game, with a very low price tag, that will be fun to play with friends or people you've just met for many weeks."
76561198042063359,Recommended,209080,10298152,"Posted: 31 May, 2014",all,Skeletor,this game is one of the best ive played in a very long time
,Recommended,209080,10298345,"Posted: 31 May, 2014",all,Tony Tony TONNNES,It's quite the spot of fun...
76561198042916423,Recommended,209080,10299713,"Posted: 31 May, 2014",all,Dogmatic Shrike,"Excellent game, well made with lots to do. Don't be fooled by the low Meta score, this game is a gem"
76561198032006973,Recommended,209080,10300685,"Posted: 31 May, 2014",all,Max Justice,love it
,Recommended,209080,10301479,"Posted: 31 May, 2014",all,Captain Zaphod,"It's great to play with 3 friends, not so great otherwise"
,Recommended,209080,645121,"Posted: 8 September, 2013",all,Triangle of Triangles,"Dude everyone wants to run galleons with 4 hwachas and I don't get it, it's not like you can do any hull damage with the hwachas. Guns of Icarus understands what it means to have a zeppelin fighter, and I can only describe it as FTL Online if you don't mind that it's actually on airships and you don't get to board enemy ships. The devs also try to talk to the community a lot on their main channel, and they actually have an expansion planned for an adventuring style game with NPC ships instead of PvP combat. It sounds like a step back, but OH WAIT NO IT SOUNDS LIKE AIRSHIPS THE MMO AHH NEXT YEAR WON'T COME SOON ENOUGH."
,Recommended,209080,6820143,"Posted: 11 August, 2013",all,Uberjanky,"This game is the collaboration of a small groups hard work and their ides made real.It is honestly a good game ,but it becames an AMAZING came because of its strong fan relationship and just its style and play despite its soon-to-be-fixed glitches     VERDICT:8.75/10"
,Recommended,209080,8437086,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,Pickleman42,Best game ever.
,Recommended,209080,4159152,"Posted: 29 May, 2013",all,Aahaa hah.,"It's all the fun you'd expect from getting to fly 'n fight in a steampunk blimp.I love the game, it's worth the cost.the only complaint i really have is the invisible walls on map edges..."
76561198039910039,Recommended,209080,8437931,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,Chris McLean,An amazing game love playing it
76561198048139138,Recommended,209080,8392559,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,darex,is gud
,Recommended,209080,8392775,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,"""Frank Trips Balls""","The game makes you feel like an air pirate, and it's a really cool feeling to play any part on this ship, my personal favorite is being the captain - because if you're playing with the right people - they will follow your orders and such. It is a very unique expeirence and the action is very intense and not an ounce of blood is lost! Go figure!"
,Recommended,209080,8311333,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,NSE BabyButterJesus,an awsome game all about team work. there is gunners that normaly use the cannons  because he has special ammo then there is the ingineers thats repair your ship if an engine goes down he has to fix it then there is the pilot dont need an explanation
,Recommended,209080,8396307,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,Basically,"This game is amazing. The graphics and gameplay are great, but the mouse sensitivity is a little high. All in all a great game"
,Recommended,209080,8396313,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,[BFT] THEONLYCOZZY,i love this style of pvp in a 3 dimension space
,Recommended,209080,8387407,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,s e r e n a ♥,play this game with me
,Recommended,209080,8401231,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,Gainz Pepe hellcase.com,YES! It's worth the money now
76561198052455213,Recommended,209080,5590438,"Posted: 26 August, 2013",all,Wnuku,"If you have a few friends (three being optimal) and like airship battles look no further (except maybe for AirBuccaneers). Become the four man crew of one of seven very different and modifiable airships as either pilot, gunner or engineer, each with its different abilities and equipment. You would have never thought running around a ship on fire would be so much fun (well, in real life it isn't). So take the helm, man the guns and repair my bloody engines! All aboard!"
,Recommended,209080,4802892,"Posted: 28 May, 2013",all,Jarek718,"This is an online co-op pvp steampunk ship warfare game. 4people on each ship with 3 different classes to chhose from Gunner, Pilot, and Engineer. The ship battles range from 2v2 to i believe 4v4. This is a very fun game with an extremely nice community."
76561198020908537,Recommended,209080,8365840,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,SneezeWheeze,Awesome game! team up with your friends and rule the map! =)
,Recommended,209080,8345187,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,Call me daddy,pretty fun i would reomend it
,Recommended,209080,8355484,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,Sorrow16,♥♥♥♥ing fantasic!
,Recommended,209080,8358502,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,Cynadie & Hapiness,One of the best. Few more fixes with the controll then it will be perfect!
,Recommended,209080,8334729,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,Sib The Squid™,"Good fun game if you can find a match. The AI are outright ♥♥♥♥ing ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ so I wouldn't captain unless you have actual people that will repair♥♥♥♥♥♥not wander about the deck like a ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ starfish. With that, the game is fun if you can find a match and crew that aint AI. Trust me, Brinks AI? are smarter..thats sayin' something I think."
76561198042604794,Recommended,209080,7826820,"Posted: 29 November, 2013",all,DunaWolf,this game is awesome! steampunk put together in a nice team combat game in wich communication is key. with a lot of nice people who welcome new players and show real sportsmanship even when they lose the fight.
76561198010127454,Recommended,209080,10351180,"Posted: 4 June, 2014",all,Grape Soda Man,"I'm a bit ashamed I overlooked this game for so long.  If you want a fresh and fun spin on team work style game play, this game has a lot to offer, plus it's getting a big update down the road which will also include a PvE mode.It seems pretty balanced too for the most part, the only ship I'd say is the weakest out of the lot is the Mobulus simply because of how impractical it is.  But all the same not completely useless.All 3 roles in the game are fun, my personal favorite being the captain/pilot.  I love the look of the game too, the style is just so appealing and I love the ship designs.I wouldn't recommend this game if you don't like having to rely on team mates.  Every person on the ship has a job to do and know how to do it help the entire team tremendously.  Communication with voice chat is also key, plus the built in voice channel is rather top notch, it rivals the voice quality of the likes of DOTA2.I really love this game, PLAY IT WITH ME.  :D"
76561197963743587,Recommended,209080,10344191,"Posted: 4 June, 2014",all,boneroni,you hit things with a pipe and...shoot guns...i don't really know what happens in the game something with airships
,Recommended,209080,10346224,"Posted: 4 June, 2014",all,Brocolli,Very fun multiplayer shooter. Extremely team based pirate shooter in the sky. Much better when played with friends as I got a 4 pack. Great experience although I would say at least a third of playtime is finding a match
,Recommended,209080,10347185,"Posted: 4 June, 2014",all,Jon,Guns of Icarus Online is unlike any game i have played before. The character and ship costumizations are good and gameplay is awesome. I recommend this game to any gamer.
76561198034466513,Recommended,209080,10225649,"Posted: 24 May, 2014",all,Royce,Highly addictive team based strategy at its finest
,Recommended,209080,10225845,"Posted: 24 May, 2014",all,felipedabest,Best Game Ever!!
,Recommended,209080,10226084,"Posted: 24 May, 2014",all,Gorplex,"I very cool idea. I found it very fun for a while, but it is really better to play with friends. I wish that more people played this. I give this game a 6/10"
,Recommended,209080,10217939,"Posted: 24 May, 2014",all,irencsak,"Such a great cross between a competative and a casual game. Two parts stratagy and shooter, and one part chaos. I love how open the maps are. It can realy make you feel like part of a crew. Can not recomend enough."
76561198036949586,Recommended,209080,10219097,"Posted: 24 May, 2014",all,WeJeenie,"While I was intially turned off by the score given by Metacritic, I had watched enough gameplay and reviews online to decide that it was time to try the game about steampunk sky pirates.Boy, was it fun.Unlike many games that consider themselves based on 'Team-work', this game actually forces players to work together to accomplish anything resembling progress. I joined a random crew and was immediately welcomed with open arms and friendly prompts. They never raised their voice, even as we found ourselves surrouned by fire and doom. Instead, they focused on getting the crew to work together, and informed me of he various positions that they needed me to carry out.Overall, I found myself on the winning team for twogames, and not once did I ever consider this game something as low as 64/100. The fun comes from talking with crew mates and discussing battleplans.Overall, a fun game with much potential, but I would say the game truly shines when friends join your crew."
76561198080036163,Recommended,209080,10219322,"Posted: 24 May, 2014",all,McChicken,<3 is all I can say.
,Recommended,209080,10219324,"Posted: 24 May, 2014",all,ace1410,"Outstanding gameplay, best to get it while on sale"
76561198071107572,Recommended,209080,10219836,"Posted: 24 May, 2014",all,fatty8cake,Great fun. Really enjoying it.
,Recommended,209080,9175012,"Posted: 18 February, 2014",all,Jemign,Awesome! Great gameplay. Fun concept. Great international community. Haven't played a single match I wasnt proud of. No cheap champions. BUY IT WHILE ITS ON SALE!!!
76561198009397213,Recommended,209080,9175118,"Posted: 18 February, 2014",all,Space Tyrell,"This game is great fun! I would like to see more character customization and progression. (customizable faces), as well as custom player flags."
76561198090783733,Recommended,209080,9175309,"Posted: 18 February, 2014",all,Demetriios シ,"A very good game based on teamwork, without teamwork you stand no chance, really fun game 10 out of 10 :D"
76561198029801296,Recommended,209080,9176417,"Posted: 18 February, 2014",all,peopleskills,is stressfully good.
76561198049382822,Recommended,209080,9177374,"Posted: 18 February, 2014",all,Benadryl Cabbagepatch,Good gamey gamey game game !
,Recommended,209080,9177781,"Posted: 19 February, 2014",all,ｍｏｎｋｓ,"First of all, I am truly a great fan of steampunk and this game just hit it to its bones down to its marrows. The whole category speaks of it (steampunk fashion) which makes me real excited about the game, though I got the game on sale.The game optimize each player on a ship to cooperate and do teamwork. It's more of a ""cramming game"" which is a good thing. Here's why..Good thing:- The more you are into the game, the more you are radical towards other players (whether you are a pilot, a captain, a gunner, or an engineer). This is not raging but commanding. We use emotions on our daily basis and being radical towards players just adds to the list.- Enhances the tactics of each personel. Losing is normal, it leads people to victory. After a team loses, each personel draws another set of measures on how counter their enemy.- Lastly, who does not love steampunk? You see, the gaming industry lacks this kind of feature. Bioshock? GOIO? There's only a few of them yet who loves them? Bottomline, Steampunk fashion is awesome."
,Recommended,209080,9178663,"Posted: 19 February, 2014",all,CallMe`GoDz`,"Nice game.It's kinda like role-playing game and you can chose your role either to be enginner,gunnery or pilot."
76561198016860513,Recommended,209080,9179031,"Posted: 19 February, 2014",all,Sic Donalds,For $3.74 guns is a really fun game that will have you playing for hours on end.What can i say.. zeppelins and guns!i bought this game outta a hunch ..turns out it's pretty dope!
,Recommended,209080,9179094,"Posted: 19 February, 2014",all,Gh0sTeX,"Awesome Game I like the maps, ships and guns but I think maybe Guns Of Icarus Could add more customization to your ships but besides that I think this is an awesome gameGET IT RIGHT NOW :D"
76561198091231639,Recommended,209080,9163575,"Posted: 17 February, 2014",all,MagmaCream,As long as this is on sale it is MORE than worth the money. Great fun especially with 4 friends
,Recommended,209080,9163638,"Posted: 17 February, 2014",all,Martel,fun with friends
,Recommended,209080,9163813,"Posted: 17 February, 2014",all,Bill,Definitely a strategy game that will have your emotions on a wavelength along with your adrenaline.Fun game all around and definitely worth the money you spend on it.
,Recommended,209080,9164057,"Posted: 17 February, 2014",all,サテンドール,"An amazing multiplayer game that allows you to pilot a ship, or shoot one down, you can customize your ships, and repair them in flight."
,Recommended,209080,9164479,"Posted: 17 February, 2014",all,Crushfield,"buy it, support these guys."
,Recommended,209080,9164620,"Posted: 17 February, 2014",all,Evilreaper,Amazing Game of Cooperative gameplay. if you play with your Friends it's totally worth it.Being a pilot in this game can be really fun and makes you want to have a microphone if you don't have it.Gunner is also amazing since  you'll be shooting the hell out against the enemy ships. Spamming the heck out hoping to destroy it as fast as you can makes you really hype.Engineer can be stressful if multiple things is destroy at one time if you're the only engineer in the team. But overall it can be addicting being an engineer in my experience.
,Recommended,209080,9164771,"Posted: 17 February, 2014",all,Meatuchu,"Hells yeah I recommend this game. If you've got a squad of four to 8 people, this game is the best for coop skyship fighting."
,Recommended,209080,9164773,"Posted: 17 February, 2014",all,Doctor_GG,great game teaming with friends or strangers that become friends quickly great world beautiful and imersing
76561198053278991,Recommended,209080,9164950,"Posted: 17 February, 2014",all,GuybrushThreepwood,"A great concept, with interesting team-focussed dynamics. Really all it needs is a more consistent player base"
,Recommended,209080,9165275,"Posted: 18 February, 2014",all,Laurgo,BUY IT
76561198021852281,Recommended,209080,9165678,"Posted: 18 February, 2014",all,G00M8A,"the game was cool, i just suxxx at it"
76561198120396777,Recommended,209080,10771126,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,MagikalUnikorn,"As a unicorn, I recomend this game."
,Recommended,209080,10849667,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,Corporate said no,This game is awesome.... and for 3.50 on the Steam Summer Sale of 2014.... HELL YEAH MAN!
76561198014931657,Recommended,209080,10850846,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,ZaMonk,"It-s a so and so game, worth the money if you have someone to play it with"
76561198047538431,Recommended,209080,10851482,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,Yooooooooo,BEST FUGGING GAME EU U CAN BE A BOTTY AIR PIRATE
76561198124128067,Recommended,209080,10853313,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,Theobaldus,"If you are lucky as i do, and have the chance to play with an amazing crew, this game is SUPERB!!!I don't recommend to play this online with random team-mates, because in this game there is no individual score at the end of the match, but a ""total"" one. No pointless grinding, no nonconstructive and selfish soloing. Four guys on a ship, and the right choices and timing.The title is extremely immersive because in GoI you are not a zeppelin.. you are ON the zeppelin. This creates amazing game dynamics, and, as i said, an amazing immersion in the game. Especially when the pilot says ""don't shoot yet... wait for my signal... NOW!! SHOOT!!!!!!!! HULL! REPAIR""It never gets old. You have a crew? Or want to found one with your friends? Don't think twice, and get it!ps: there are a few zeppelins to choose from, and each one has its own unique stats, weaponry positions and, of course, pros and cons. Will you find the ultimate build for you and your crew?"
,Recommended,209080,10860725,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,Frazer,"Lots of friendly people, fun gameplay, cool soundtrack. Delivers the steampunk feel in a very nice way."
,Recommended,209080,8213440,"Posted: 22 December, 2013",all,RoxieSox,"A really solid team based game, the whole crew is always doing stuff and the fights are pretty intense. I like ship to ship fights way too much but its a good frickin game. Not much of the ship/character loadouts feel useless either so thats a plus as well."
,Recommended,209080,5061983,"Posted: 9 May, 2013",all,knxrb,"Really good fun, whether playing solo with other random players, or with friends on your own ship :D"
,Recommended,209080,10863954,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,BeardeDragonite,its the best. buy it. I love you
76561198048042291,Recommended,209080,10864071,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,Tetopakity,"Very fun, but oh man, you gotta have that team work and an able Captain."
,Recommended,209080,10867392,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,Abraxyn,"Great game, great price, brilliant community and gameplay. Well worth buying."
76561198062712916,Recommended,209080,10887072,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,revengeracer (DigiPerson),"I think Guns of Icarus has a lot going for it, but I see a lot of wasted potential as well.Pros-+AWESOME community, literally the most classy people I've ever played with, they're all SUPER friendly.+Steampunk...+AIRSHIPS!!!Cons--Limited gameplay variety- basically, from what I played (a couple of hours), there isn't really a whole lot besides death matches. Maybe there's other gamemodes I'm missing, but it wasn't super apparent.-No shooting other people on ships/boarding other ships- seriously? Why not? It would make this game so much cooler if you had to deal with not only your ship taking damage, but you getting shot at as well.-Limited ship customizationMaybe a 6 or 7/10, I really hope this game is improved because I think it has a lot of untapped potential."
76561197975307906,Recommended,209080,10888315,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,Splaih,"The learning curve can be kind of steep, but for the price it's a great game to spend a night with your friends ruling the skies! :D"
,Recommended,209080,10889117,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,Jamboree,"Great co-op fun. Voice chat STRONGLY recommended. Guns of Icarus is, for the most part, a very enjoyable game to play with friends, and even sometimes with strangers. There are three classes: The pilot, who is best at controlling the movement of the ship, the gunner, who is best at using the ship's guns, and the engineer, who is best at fixing the ship when it's broken. Pretty simple at first glance, but it gets surprisingly in-depth. If you have three other buddies you can hang with on voice chat, give it a try. You won't be disappointed."
76561198045894391,Recommended,209080,9167341,"Posted: 18 February, 2014",all,m1n1mum,"Great game, it really enforces teamwork."
,Recommended,209080,9167402,"Posted: 18 February, 2014",all,Qasimanov,"My Playtime may be small at the time of writing (2.6hrs), but this game is so good that I need to write this.I bought this on sale for £2.50, and it is already worth every penny (even if I had paid for £9.99!)I play as a gunner. I am a mediocre pilot too, but i'm a good gunner. It is the most fun thing I've done lately! If you get your thrills from CoD, this is at least as fun, if not more.9/10"
,Recommended,209080,9167659,"Posted: 18 February, 2014",all,JayDCza,Extremely fun with Friends
76561198091591509,Recommended,209080,9168293,"Posted: 18 February, 2014",all,Dayman,"This is an absolutely incredible simulator and game.  Anyone who loves airplanes or airships will fall in love with this georgous and well made game.  Also, it's a steal and $4 and definitely worth the full price too.  Get it!"
76561198002465802,Recommended,209080,9168541,"Posted: 18 February, 2014",all,Eggroll,Some of the most fun I've had in an online game with my friends.
,Recommended,209080,9168564,"Posted: 18 February, 2014",all,[CK] Sitheps,"Cool tactical arial combat, with intense multiplayer. Communication is the key to victory here and if you are unconftable with talking or playing with strangers, you better have friends to play with otherwise I would not recommend this game for you.The game has a strong steampunk theme that runs through it all in a fresh way that really helps bring this world into life. All players have their roles onboard their ships and if one fails so do all.7/10 - A very good start of something that could grow into one of the best MP games out there. But it has some more growing to do as some of the games maps can get repetitive and the different types of weapons could use some improving with some more crazy steampunk tech."
76561198014469908,Recommended,209080,9168744,"Posted: 18 February, 2014",all,Viverlin,"get 3 friends and get on skype. this game will make you expirience from panic to joy as you cordinate your crew to defeat your foes. this game will make you feel the most glorious vessel or the most worthless dependng on your crew.  however. if you plan on playing this by yoursself then keep in mind you will need alot of patience. since not all players here have a teamwork mentality.this game is one of the best i have played to enjooy with friends. there is no other game i have played that gives you so many laughs or heart breaks as this one. when hearing your friends scream ""our hull is going down!"" and magically defeating the enemy ship. some game developers fogert that games are suposed to be fun. this one nailed it without compromising a great atmosphere. the game just throws you into a new world that imerses you since the first battle. I would really recomend this game if you have some friends to play with"
,Recommended,209080,9168751,"Posted: 18 February, 2014",all,KingdomOfLlamas,"Great team action, the community is very friendly for the most part."
76561198004924637,Recommended,209080,9168926,"Posted: 18 February, 2014",all,bisforblob,"After playing about 5-7 hours of the game i have formulated my opinion. this game is amazing. it may have a lack of content or players and it may be still a work in progress. but the community of this game is astounding . from helpful people that will provide usuful tips and tricks in order to get better in the game , to a teamwork sense that i have yet to see in alot of gamesand hey , its like 4 bucks . so get it now! you wont regret it!"
76561197986301204,Recommended,209080,9168951,"Posted: 18 February, 2014",all,twitch.tv/troy223,brought the game while it was on offer but even if it werent i would buy it really fun game and enjoyible well worth it only down side is players who dont no what their doing but everyone is a noob at 1st :D
,Recommended,209080,9169295,"Posted: 18 February, 2014",all,Exho,A pretty cool idea and the game looks great but there is not enough people playing it on multiplayer
,Recommended,209080,9169521,"Posted: 18 February, 2014",all,JDubb,I was a little apprehensive about this game when I saw it for such an amazing price. After watching some videos and reading reviews I decided it looked fun enough and bought a 4 pack for some friends. After playing this game for a day I love it.It is very easy to pickup and start playing but also VERY challenging to master.  There is a lot to learn once you dive in so just take it slow and use the practice sessions for a while to get the hang of things.Should you buy this game?  Oh yes. You should.
,Recommended,209080,9169632,"Posted: 18 February, 2014",all,Haakmed,"Fun game if you have enough people to play with. If you dont have 4 people, your gonna have a bad time."
76561198044476372,Recommended,209080,9170172,"Posted: 18 February, 2014",all,Pixel_Salmon,"Pretty fun to play but may put off some people as its quite long per match but the thrill of piloting, shooting, or fixing a steampunky flying airship is a great experience. 4.5/5"
76561198051893215,Recommended,209080,9171362,"Posted: 18 February, 2014",all,AJSA LostSouls,THIS GAME IS AMAZING!!!!
,Recommended,209080,9171382,"Posted: 18 February, 2014",all,Zombie Jesus,Great Game! Awesome team play and growing community!
76561197998925088,Recommended,209080,9158092,"Posted: 17 February, 2014",all,Auspice,"Part cooperative, part competitive, and all exciting. Regardless of what role you choose in this game, you'll be rewarded for skillful play, but also codependent on your teammates to achieve victory.It's a rare competitive game that is fun regardless of winning or losing, because the struggle is just that engaging. Working together with your crew and doing your best is just that enjoyable with the right group of people. There's bad apples like in any online game, but the environment of GoIO breeds friendly, cooperative people because you learn very fast that getting your ship into the fray is a team effort.The most skilled captain is nothing without his crew. Gunners are dependent on helmsmen to point their guns at the enemy, and engineers are dependent on him to keep the ship alive by avoiding fire. Everyone is dependent on the people manning the guns as guns are how you win the game. And of course, a solid engineer turns dangerous foes into tame kittens by keeping the ship in good repair.While there is definite room for improvement, the basic fundamentals of how to do a job are self-explanatory. As you improve in each skill, you'll notice that you can fix more things faster, lead targets better, and keep your ship's guns pointed at the enemy. There is no in-game skill points; this is all because you just naturally get better and better at whatever job you're doing if you keep working at it.Truly a novel and exciting concept."
76561198074265342,Recommended,209080,9158105,"Posted: 17 February, 2014",all,struggle cuddle,great game
,Recommended,209080,9158191,"Posted: 17 February, 2014",all,Lil Comrade,Great game
,Recommended,209080,9158404,"Posted: 17 February, 2014",all,Synnek_,"It's an okay game, pick it up on sale if you can. Otherwise I'd steer clear, it doesn't have much replayability."
76561198083504263,Recommended,209080,9160751,"Posted: 17 February, 2014",all,dat_n00b,"as my girlfriend sad: strange game, u always hitting something with hammer"
,Recommended,209080,9162003,"Posted: 17 February, 2014",all,VanBourner,"I would recommend this game only if you want to buy a 4-pack and play with your friends. I've tried to play with random strangers (2 out of 4 hours of my first impression) and it is quite depressing, because of deliberate lack of squad communication (I mean - there are ways to communicate but nobody uses them pretty much) which I see crucial for this game.But I've did my research before buying this game (actually bought 4-pack within winter sales) so I had been ready to play this with my friends only. It is hard to get them on the server and the GUI is not easy to understand at first - creating a party and inviting my friends took quite some time, however I have to say that this game is enjoyable and fresh experience. It is a pity that you have to create account before playing the game and that it does not sync automatically with your steam as other games do, but I recon that it is not easy for non-Valve game to do so.Learning curve is quite tricky here and most of the stuff you learn the hard way. The tutorial covers just the crucial basics of the game (which you pretty much get from any let's play) but I really miss some sort of training area where you can battle against AI to get yourself better at your role. Personally I prefer engineer so I would find that kind of tutorial much more useful than the current explanations of the tools and buff items you are provided with. The ships are just far too complex for a new player to know how to get from A to B in the most efficient way and trust me - as engie, you need to know how to get from the engines to the hull as fast as possible.It seems to me that this game uses Unity engine (citation needed :) ) which I see as quite reliable when in capable hands. I haven't encountered any bugs whatsoever - but it is needed to say - I've played only for 4 hours. Game goes smoothly even on my backup setup (AMD Dual-core 2.9 Ghz, 4GB RAM, 5400rpm HDD and GTS250) without significant FPS drops on the lowest settings (I like to have at least 60 FPS allright?). On my primary setup (3.4 Ghz Xeon E3, GTX660, 8GB RAM and 7200rpm HDD) the game runs perfectly on highest settings.So in the nutshell - would recommend to people who really like team-based games where you stick with your role and make the best of yourself. I would definitely not recommend this game to people who like fast-paced gaming and hate complex learning curves."
76561198031596450,Recommended,209080,9162040,"Posted: 17 February, 2014",all,Mr Neko? / Magic,it`s just awesome =)fun to play and is nice with a different type of game.
,Recommended,209080,9162767,"Posted: 17 February, 2014",all,Puri-Puri-Prisoner,fun
,Recommended,209080,9163070,"Posted: 17 February, 2014",all,Alexis Blackbird,"This game is a lot of fun and I heartily enjoy it. The built-in voice chat feature kinda sucks, so go make friends and skype. It's also hellish for micro transactions, though that is limited to character appearances."
76561198046831955,Recommended,209080,9171752,"Posted: 18 February, 2014",all,<LyCaoN>,Best game ever! suprisingly emmersive as it makes your team and you heavily work together to suvive.
76561198097254851,Recommended,209080,9172554,"Posted: 18 February, 2014",all,Iron Father Jack,This is a brilliant game and i would definatley recommend it
76561198087495753,Recommended,209080,9172713,"Posted: 18 February, 2014",all,[Cabs]Caramel Lord,this game gives lots of action away and if u like large air ships with giant guns on then this game is the game for u so i recommend this game
76561198046444344,Recommended,209080,9172902,"Posted: 18 February, 2014",all,Frederick,GET IT
,Recommended,209080,9172928,"Posted: 18 February, 2014",all,Purple Yoshi Egg,"Fantastic game.  It has a nice atmosphere and is heavily team-based.  If you need someone on your crew, hit me up!"
76561197993730325,Recommended,209080,1489978,"Posted: 23 May, 2013",all,Scotty,"Join up with some friends and join the latest and greatest multipayer craze! This game has you crew a 4-person airship and wage battle against the enemy team. Co-ordination between crew is essential, but almost all players have mic's so don't be affraid to talk to them."
,Recommended,209080,9173493,"Posted: 18 February, 2014",all,Oslovan,Dont let the metascore fool you.  This game has vastly improved since that score was handed out.  This is one of the most engaging and enjoyable games ive ever played.Give it a shot!
76561198073870341,Recommended,209080,9174731,"Posted: 18 February, 2014",all,Axel The Red,One of the most fun games I ever played
76561198044559917,Recommended,209080,8567364,"Posted: 4 January, 2014",all,Ghoste,Best Game with a group of friends
,Recommended,209080,8568243,"Posted: 4 January, 2014",all,RAMAKAKA!,fun fun fun fun fun fun fun funget this game
,Recommended,209080,8550190,"Posted: 4 January, 2014",all,[G] Stenqvist,"A really interesting multiplayer communication game set in the sky of an unforgiving vasteland. You fly your airship with your crew and ally, and win by communication and skill, but you will need both. Best of luck out there."
,Recommended,209080,8551058,"Posted: 4 January, 2014",all,`Loam,"This game is pretty unique, team-based, and can get VERY intense if you're with friends. I highly recommend playing it with friends, as you'll be able to coordinate and take other ships down easier.The only bad part about the game is matchmaking, unless you have four people that want to pilot their own ships, expect people to join and leave... And join.. And leave.. (you get the idea)My advice:-Try to find a random game if you have a few friends playing with you.Or-Have you and three others pilot their own ships. The times i've done this, people have just joined at random.Solo queue can be kind of annoying at times, due to lack of coordination, or a bad pilot. etc.Additionally, playing this game as a drinking game is NOT recommended. Play this game AFTER the drinking game(s) when you (and/or your friends) are drunk, it makes it more interesting I swear!"
,Recommended,209080,8454418,"Posted: 31 December, 2013",all,Zealith,"Amazing game, tons of fun!"
,Recommended,209080,8459066,"Posted: 31 December, 2013",all,RedForge,"If this game was a potato, it would be a badass flying steampunk airship gunning potato."
,Recommended,209080,298349,"Posted: 7 December, 2012",all,CSBoty,"A very interesting game that can be a lot of fun. You fill one of three rolls in this game on a customizable ship. You can be the captain, steering and controlling the ship calling out targets and directing the crew. An engineer scrambling to keep the ship in the air by repairing and rebuilding any part that is damaged or destroyed. Or a gunner, manning one of the ships many guns aiming and taking out anyone else in the skies that gets in the sights. A game I have to say everyone should give a try."
76561197975756797,Recommended,209080,8511217,"Posted: 2 January, 2014",all,Dr.Professor (|[MUSIC]|),"Decent game if you're team is even vaguely compitent, not many aussies on, though. Worth on sale, so-so for full price."
,Recommended,209080,8511331,"Posted: 2 January, 2014",all,Puddin,"This game scratched an itch that had been bothering me for a long time.  Small group PvP.  Steampunk sky pirates.  Matches aren't too terribly long so it still feels really casual, though i've seen some people in guilds who play more hardcore.  I just really enjoy this game a lot.  It was a great buy considering I only got it because pirates."
76561198034972686,Recommended,209080,8512406,"Posted: 2 January, 2014",all,Wax Winged,Phenominal game. Phenominal concept. Phenominaly presented. Phenominal community. Get yourself a headset.
76561198036966259,Recommended,209080,4426607,"Posted: 15 August, 2013",all,"Ahronknoid, The Worst Spider",The best airship vs. airship multiplayer dating sim jrpg party game fps rts  on the market
,Recommended,209080,8598804,"Posted: 6 January, 2014",all,Polish Tacos,Awesome team based multiplayer gameplay. A must have for every gamer in my opinion.
76561198049317457,Recommended,209080,8587196,"Posted: 5 January, 2014",all,Taconite,"Quite a few of my friends have this game, and it's loads of fun to fill any role of airship warfare. Well put together, fluid, steampunk, and it tabs out nicely too."
,Recommended,209080,8588610,"Posted: 6 January, 2014",all,Jeff Fatt,GUYS YOU SHOULD SO GET THIS GAME! ITS HELLA GOOD AND I RECOMMEND IT
,Recommended,209080,8550576,"Posted: 4 January, 2014",all,Subutai,"This game is worth it on so many levels. While some people say it's only fun if you play with a group of friends, don't let this scare you away if you don't want to buy the 4-pack or don't have any friends who play it. The community is surprisingly willing to teach, and once you aquire some skills you'll be welcome in any match. Voice chat is easy, and I've had few problems with lag. Give this one a go for a unique multiplayer experience!"
,Recommended,209080,6047096,"Posted: 23 August, 2012",all,Höchste Herrscher,"This is a great game!  Steam punk, zepplins and team based flying ftw!"
76561198055600073,Recommended,209080,8467789,"Posted: 31 December, 2013",all,SentientTuna,Best $5 ive ever spent on a game. Graphics and gameplay far outweigh the price of and awesomeness of this steampunk game.
,Recommended,209080,8530193,"Posted: 3 January, 2014",all,Yiiman,"This would be a great game if the servers we not so laggy. Love the teamplay involved in this game, the gameplay is very fun. Game would benefit from better tutorial system or a co-op campaign."
76561198058616980,Recommended,209080,7929670,"Posted: 5 December, 2013",all,EEP! A bad guy!,No other game gets you to act like a pirate... while wearing samurai armor and a top hat... APROVED. TEN OUTTA TEN
76561197999693435,Recommended,209080,8544100,"Posted: 3 January, 2014",all,Akidio,"Best steam punk game I'ver ever played, has a really good system that requires a good crew for you to really get far in the game.Goggles down and steam on friends!"
,Recommended,209080,8241211,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,tachygraph,Just... YES.
,Recommended,209080,8241609,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,Big Moist,♥♥♥♥ing baller
,Recommended,209080,8241906,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,AntonioHEAT510,i love this game even though ive had it only for an hour
,Recommended,209080,8241960,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,spiritcaller,"This game is absolutely tremendous. I haven't had as much fun with a team-based PvP game since TF2. The steampunk in the art (particularly the ships and the weaponry) is absolutely palpable and feels so right. For the price it's an amazing deal and I wholeheartedly recommend it.It's also worth noting that Muse Games, the folks behind GoIO, are working on a PvE-type element to the game that looks really cool."
,Recommended,209080,8369307,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,BlueFire,"This is an excellent game if you enjoy co-operating with others to face challenges. The different roles allow for different skill levels because each role requires a different amount of attention to be paid. A strong pilot can help out new players greatly. Even if you don't have irl friends to play with, there is a good community and games are still being played all of the time.Note that the Collectors Edition only adds cosmetics."
76561198043999386,Recommended,209080,8371538,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,Weaver 5,"Gorgeous landscapes, epic combat, deep strategy.The 4 pack is an incredible value during the Steam sale. For the cost of two copies of the game, you get 4, along with the DLC. Send this to your 3 closest friends, then take the battle to the skies!"
76561198064830847,Recommended,209080,6370815,"Posted: 4 August, 2013",all,cye604,"I found that for the price, this game is very worthwhile."
76561198017001297,Recommended,209080,8373770,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,Brave Sir Robin,Play this
,Recommended,209080,565924,"Posted: 12 May, 2013",all,RidgeBack ~T-45a Jump Jets,An inventive and intuitive way to fly Steampunk Airships.Impactful and diverse weaponry.Several different ships that bring their own playstyle to the battle.Only cooperation between the crew will determine the victor as you go head-to-head in 1v1 to 3v3.I see all this as a big win for MUSE Games.
,Recommended,209080,7392411,"Posted: 15 October, 2013",all,Encephalon,"Guns of Icarus Online is a steampunk themed multiplayer FPS video game developed and published by Muse Games and is a follow-up to Guns of Icarus. It is buy to play with a cash shop for cosmetic items and no monthly subscription required.Imagine piloting a steampunk styled airship and having crew members support you either by being gunners or engineers and engaging in aerial combat in real time against other airships. When fired upon, you literally have to run to the appropriate equipment to repair or reinforce it in real time, or running to the appropriate guns and unleash hell upon the opponent when the ship is lined up nicely.Imagine the epic ship combat that was portrayed in Pirates of the Caribbean, only this time, it is in the air. This game emphasizes very strongly on co-operation, not only between crew members, but also with allied airships.Graphics wise, the game is quite good looking with the airships themselves having varied and intricate designs. The aerial environment can also be quite breathtaking at times especially when you fly out of a dark cloud and suddenly see a beautiful sunset in the horizon. Character art is serviceable and the different costumes you can buy can look very nice.Sound effects are appropriately steampunk styled, with lots of industrial sounding gadgets / machines and nice explosions happening everywhere. The music is also well done, with some nice sombre pieces accompanied with fierce tribal styled drums especially when heard during combat.Downsides, the game only comes with a skirmish PVP ship to ship combat. This is set to change however with an upcoming Adventure Mode that will allow players to do trading, escort missions and possibly co-op PVE boss fights.While the artstyle is nice, the colour palette does feel like an overdose of brown. While i cannot fault it due to it's steampunk setting, brighter colours would have been welcome. The game can also be rather buggy at times, and more then once my character mysteriously clips through the airship and falls to his death either when newly respawning ingame or entering/leaving a gun.There are no real character progression in the game. A level 11 character for example has no additional benefits compared to a Level 1 character and while I understand that this is to discourage elitism, i wished they implement a progression like how Killing Floor did it, where it can be very addicting for people to level up their characters. Either that or just remove the current level system completely especially on the match up screen as some people might not want to party with a mostly level 1 players.Because this is a multiplayer based game, there will of course be some players who can be just downright rude to put it mildly. My advice is to just simply ignore them or block them and move on to another match. They only represent a very small minority. The general community is actually pretty helpful to new players and is mostly a friendly atmosphere to game in. Remember to give commendations to your teammates for a job well done!Overall Rating: 8.5 / 10Don't let the low metacritic score discourage you from buying this game. I have not played such an engaging game before with such a cool concept. Whats more, the game is continuing to grow and will continue to expand with new and exciting modes and gameplay mechanics that will be released in the future.If the idea of living the fantasy life of either a pilot / gunner / engineer in a swashbuckling epic fantasy steampunk universe dominated by cool airships appeals to you, then definitely pick up this game. Two thumbs up, way up Cap'n!!"
,Recommended,209080,3493965,"Posted: 21 May, 2013",all,Jsh,If you're looking for a lovely mix of steampounk and airships youve found ur game
,Recommended,209080,7986693,"Posted: 9 December, 2013",all,Javingr,"If you like the idea of piloting a ship and blowing the crap out of your enemies, this game is for you. If not, go back to your Kerbel Space Program."
76561197997809310,Recommended,209080,10109579,"Posted: 14 May, 2014",all,Mistik,"Most tactical and team cooperation game that exists.Everone that loves tactical game play and lots of action, I recommand this game to him/her."
76561198071453278,Recommended,209080,6650573,"Posted: 15 May, 2013",all,BluesBrotherK,best co-op game i have played yet
76561198050985532,Recommended,209080,10111980,"Posted: 14 May, 2014",all,Babs,Fun times on giant steampunk zeppelins. Would recommend whilst its still cheap.
76561198022903352,Recommended,209080,10112938,"Posted: 14 May, 2014",all,Shindig,This game is absolutely worth getting the 4-pack.  Working as a team to dominate the skies with some friends is a blast!
,Recommended,209080,10113829,"Posted: 14 May, 2014",all,Dracofell,is very sexy
76561198098454626,Recommended,209080,10114733,"Posted: 14 May, 2014",all,LunchTab,"This is a great game, so much fun. I definitely recommend this to anyone."
,Recommended,209080,10114863,"Posted: 14 May, 2014",all,President Milkman,"This game is great, buy it now, thank me later."
,Recommended,209080,7521508,"Posted: 30 October, 2013",all,Soraptor,"Simply one of the best 'naval' combat games ever created, and without a doubt the finest air ship combat game ever. (One of the only airship combat games ever made, mind you)You can even name your own ship... I call mine the ""The Lusty Argonian""11/10"
76561198084133694,Recommended,209080,10237241,"Posted: 25 May, 2014",all,KingKiller03,Wow Im totally blown away.
76561198117404149,Recommended,209080,10257030,"Posted: 27 May, 2014",all,The_Doctor,great game buy it its worth every pennie its very fun
,Recommended,209080,10257034,"Posted: 27 May, 2014",all,Fodhar,Bought this after watching Steam Train playing it and I have to say it's pretty awesome.
,Recommended,209080,10257234,"Posted: 27 May, 2014",all,Karbon Kitt,"I've always wanted this type of game to exist, now it does and I worry for my health as I'm beggining to... Wait, is that a squid up ahead? Engineers, on my engine! I'm juicing this baby! RAAAAAAAAAAAAMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMIIIIIIIIIIINNNNNNNNNNNNNGGGGGGGGGGGGGG SPEEEEEEEEEEEEED!!!!!!!!!!!!!"
,Recommended,209080,10258493,"Posted: 27 May, 2014",all,LeroyHNL,"I feel like this game can improve so much, but is so good already. The format is great. Expansions would include clan logo's, more options with chat/voice chat. And sometimes it's a bit messy to find some of the options. But absolutely loving the game thus far."
,Recommended,209080,10258775,"Posted: 27 May, 2014",all,Val,"This game is like if Pirates of the Carribean was a game, except in the sky."
,Recommended,209080,10259355,"Posted: 27 May, 2014",all,Saidhiname,it is funtasticle
,Recommended,209080,1695506,"Posted: 2 May, 2013",all,Helmic,"Very fun and unique multiplayer with a VERY strong emphasis on cooperation and organization. Four people man a single airship, with one person piloting and the other three firing the guns and/or repairing the ship. A microphone's almost mandatory.Even though your first round will likely be a confused one, the community makes a point of ""training"" new people quickly and you'll soon get the hang of it and start theorycrafting about different character and ship loadouts. Wins are a triumphant team effort, losses are hilarious, Space Station 13 scale messes where the captain's jumped overboard and everything is on fire."
,Recommended,209080,10261041,"Posted: 28 May, 2014",all,Zed,This game is amazing.
,Recommended,209080,10262738,"Posted: 28 May, 2014",all,Beats,"First of all I would like to say that i've been looking for a game like this for a long time. The best thing about this game is probably the stress. The job that you've chosen for yourself will challenge you in every way possible mostly because you're ships on fire. If you are a gunner you will have the stress of not quite managing to shoot your target because your captain has the ship pointed in the wrong direction. If you are an engineer then you have to fix stuff quickly or risk having your captain shouting out you because you're not fixing the hull/balloon. As a captain, well, you have to steer the ship while it falls because your engineer isn't fixing the balloon. Great game. Buy now."
76561198054460004,Recommended,209080,10263050,"Posted: 28 May, 2014",all,Nuallán,"This game is fun, fast-paced, and focuses on good teamwork to see epic, intense steampunk battles through. I just picked this game up today and I can tell you right off the bat that I absolutely love it! :D"
76561198055554881,Recommended,209080,10240954,"Posted: 26 May, 2014",all,Applejuice,Best Co-op Experience there is on steam if youre in a team
,Recommended,209080,10241500,"Posted: 26 May, 2014",all,Kytobitt,Oh bugger everything is on fire simulator
76561197999959587,Recommended,209080,10241772,"Posted: 26 May, 2014",all,Zorkin the Great,love the team work in this game.  All around fun game to play.  Give it a plus plus on the scale everyone should have it.
,Recommended,209080,10241851,"Posted: 26 May, 2014",all,sailtacks,its fun/awsome
,Recommended,209080,10903362,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,Death Light,Very Good
76561198047424561,Recommended,209080,5285817,"Posted: 10 August, 2013",all,Daan,Awesomeness
,Recommended,209080,10906976,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,A dog,GET YOUR SQUAD TO FLY THIS STUPID FLAMMABLE BLIMP TO DESTROY RIVAL BLIMPS. LEVEL UP???
76561198065267035,Recommended,209080,10919585,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,Stormy,"Very good game, very team-oriented. The saying ""Loose lips sink ships"" is 110% true here. Find a good team and you'll be savoring all the steampunk airbattle goodness."
76561197992698838,Recommended,209080,10910840,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,etherealscythe,This game is totes boss.
,Recommended,209080,10194831,"Posted: 21 May, 2014",all,Jack Hughman,"Guns of Icarus is probably one of the most unique and enjoyable games on Steam.Pros:+Teamwork: Better than L4D. Really rewarding when you have 4 people working in unison gunning down balloons and repairing yours. Crew voice chat and captain voice chat. Can form parties pre-match. Recently, clan support.+Tactics: Despite not getting overly complex, there's some thinking behind everything. Damage is done to individual components. Different weapons and ammo effect different components. Pilots have to choose a load out keeping components in mind, gunners have to target specific components, and engi have to fix them as they constantly break.+Customization: 7 ships and 16 weapons. 8 ammo types, 9 pilot tools, 6 engi tools. Costumes and paint. Every ship is unique.+AI: When there's no players available, empty slots are taken by AI (except for pilots) that function well for the most part and commanded. Can be hot-swapped with players mid-match.+Tutorials: Good in game tutorial. It takes a little practice to pilot and know-how to gun and repair, but not difficult.+Pretty frequent updates.Cons-Graphics: Eh, it's an indie. The textures are kinda muddy in spots, lighting isn't too great. But does the steam punk vibe great justice.-Physics: It's kinda ironic, but sometimes airships feel a little floaty. They also bounce off things like bumper cars.-Teamwork: On the downside, if you get a bad team you're not in for a good time. Captains can't kick, sometimes allied Captains quit mid-match and ruin a match.Notes:=Aesthetic Micro-payments: Dyes, costumes, and ship knickknacks. Very reasonable prices, frequent 50% off sales. Works directly from steam wallet. Really, for less than $10 you could buy all you ever want.=Mostly aesthetic leveling: Levels are achievement based, so you really have to actively grind them by using specific weapons and ships. Other than some free aesthetics and the honor of not looking like a fool, there's no benefit to progression. Everything unlocked from the start.=There is no bording. It's the equivalent to TF2's 10th class."
,Recommended,209080,11300269,"Posted: 18 July, 2014",all,Vunjak,"This game successfully captured the colossal kind of feeling of a ship battle, though it takes place in the air rather than the water. I mostly play engineer because without a good repairman your vessel usually doesn't last long. It's not simply about bashing equipment back to life because there are various tools used in ways that are more nuanced then they might appear. I wont get into detail about these techniques, but it's enough to reward you when you barely pull out a victory over another ship who just couldn't stand up to your ship. There's lots of teamwork involved which is both good and bad, but the game is populated mostly by people who are friendly and welcoming if you're willing to take their advice and learn from example.Now I almost exclusively play Engineer, but I've played enough to know the other classes too. The Captain is just about a must, otherwise you're losing a great advantage depending on what small perk you bring with you. The Gunner is actually somewhat of a disposable class due to the fact he only brings a small adaptability through carrying different types of ammo. That isn't to say the Gunner is a useless class because most teams have at least one, but a team can be succesful with a Captain and 3 Engineers, whereas a team with a Captain and 3 gunners is almost definitely doomed. So in that way it's sort of biased toward engineer, but if you have a good enough team you'll be able to work passed these limitations anyway.With up to 3 ships versus 3 ships the battles get very strategic and intense. You might have a Galleon shooting long range barrages whilst a Pyramidion rams you and a Goldfish is ensuring you can't escape. It's all about positioning your ship and having a battle plan among the captains because teamwork is an absolute must. I think that's one of the biggest strengths of the game is that working as a team is always going to outdo the superior individual. The very best Gunner, Captain, and Engineer aren't going to last long if their fellow crew aren't doing what they need to do.I'd say one of the biggest strengths of the game is the fact the devs are pretty active and supporting it well. Also, I must state again that the community is a lot more tolerable than average for a PvP natured game like this. I spent around 5 dollars for the game and I have nearly 80 or so hours in it and plan to log more. If you can get it for a price that suits you I would give it a shot."
76561198116981709,Recommended,209080,11350332,"Posted: 21 July, 2014",all,mine.crafter123,SOOOO fun its a great game full of team work and originality Best Even better when played with friends Five stars
76561198098137356,Recommended,209080,11354695,"Posted: 21 July, 2014",all,Draco Tetherleaf,"the game is great, i love the steampunk feel and i really like the mechanics, its all very good"
,Recommended,209080,11240355,"Posted: 14 July, 2014",all,FlyingMouseMan,10/10 would buy again.
76561198041228725,Recommended,209080,11462416,"Posted: 29 July, 2014",all,Tranquil,"Great game! Even if you lose, you can get satisfaction out of teamplay and your own achievements in battle. I like the the game for its emphasis on cooperation. Without a well functioning team, your chances of winning are very low. The different ships serve different playing styles. Gun placement and personal loadout add even more depth to the game. The environments are really nice! You will have A LOT OF FUN with this game, it's WORTH THE MONEY. If you like steampunk and tactics, this is definitely a must buy. It is possible to buy stuff but it's only cosmetic, so no pay to win here! And the prices are quite reasonable, I think. So, buy the game and join a server!"
,Recommended,209080,11463530,"Posted: 29 July, 2014",all,joraal,"One of the most original game i played since long. The community playing is very helpful.The concept of battling on airships is very good. The players must work together to win the games.Beautiful design. For the price, its worth it."
,Recommended,209080,11454838,"Posted: 28 July, 2014",all,Road Man Stan,"This game is a beatifully designed addictive advancement in Simulator Technology™The optimized graphics and giant map design give a real sense of immersion for the player as they pilot balloon powered airships through vast landscapes ranging from mountains to deserts to ruined cities. Finally, the real time Airship Helm Controls™ and those post-processing effects make this game the best Airship Simulator™ out there.But that still begs the question, what is the game about? Why are you flying airships? A man named Birgirpall says it best.Airship Simulator™ is a turned-based sci-fi steampunk RPG in which you play a ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ 17th century pedophilic vampire who likes little girls and hates seeing things. Not really. It's actually a team based airship game with customizable air balloon ship things. But my version sounded more interesting. The game has 3 playable classes; a Steering Wheel, a Bullet, and a Wrench. Although, I've never actually seen anyone pick the Wrench because all you do is hit things that are on fire until they are no longer on fire, and who wants to do that?The Bullet, or the gunner, is the dude who joined the team first, and called dibs on it, and he's the only one allowed to use any of the guns on the ship, or else he'll tell his mom. The Steering Wheel is whoever was dumb enough to join second, and has to steer the gigantic whale carcass around, or the gunner shoots teammates for fun. The objective of the game is to tolerate your idiotic teammates longer than your enemy until they all disconnect, and you win imaginary internet points.In all seriousness, I'd give this game an 8.5/10. There could be a bit of fine tuning with the server system so there isn't so much lag, however, that could just be my internet."
76561198026988872,Recommended,209080,11470064,"Posted: 29 July, 2014",all,clavichord,HAAAAUUUULULULULULULULULULULULULULULULULULUL
,Recommended,209080,11308845,"Posted: 18 July, 2014",all,Teutonic Toaster,"Great game, incorporates great graphics with relatively balanced gameplay. Can take a while to find a match."
76561198085260729,Recommended,209080,11335965,"Posted: 20 July, 2014",all,Nomad,Great game!  lots of fun with friends!
,Recommended,209080,8906961,"Posted: 29 January, 2014",all,BlackOpsElf,"Finally! A cooperative game that actually forces you to use real-life leadership, communication, and management skills. Whenever I had a bad match, it was due to bad teamwork/communication/leadership, and a good match was full of moments where you KNEW it was because of your teamwork. Awesome game, I would even recommend it for corporate team-building."
,Recommended,209080,11338612,"Posted: 20 July, 2014",all,›Bonje,"Its quite fun with a bunch of friends, being a lone wolf is not a way to go in this game. Also despite its simplicity the game is actually intense as hell, its definitely a fun game and you should try it out. Buying on sale is strongly recommended."
,Recommended,209080,11111255,"Posted: 6 July, 2014",all,WIDE THICC GRIPS,Why isn't this game on MLG!?
,Recommended,209080,11413748,"Posted: 25 July, 2014",all,123knasson,This game is to legit to quit!
,Recommended,209080,6167049,"Posted: 26 November, 2012",all,Duke The Bad Dragon,Hey Yall!This Game is where you get intoa steampunk world and fly airships!You can  crew the ship OR pilot the ship as acommander.Nameand customize You and Your ship!Have Fun!
76561198062922980,Recommended,209080,11399118,"Posted: 24 July, 2014",all,omgitsme123abc,I'm posting a review.
,Recommended,209080,11528710,"Posted: 2 August, 2014",all,Maticus,"This game is full of action adventure and a ton of fun. If you love shooting commanding a ship, building your own ship.This game is perfect for you"
,Recommended,209080,11533902,"Posted: 3 August, 2014",all,Luke,Kind of hard to play but fun to play with friends.
76561198038633908,Recommended,209080,11514200,"Posted: 1 August, 2014",all,"Kevin ""Diatom Enthusiast"" Spatz",This is a great game that requires a mic and some damn good teamwork.
,Recommended,209080,8123738,"Posted: 19 December, 2013",all,Ryluke1204,So fun! Had some amazingly funny times with friends on this game! Really requires teamwork so i recommend being in a squad with some close friends.
76561198038944939,Recommended,209080,11425074,"Posted: 26 July, 2014",all,Mice Crotum,"Great game! The combat is fun and really rewarding, and it's a great game to play with friends. Random players are fun too, but you get more out of it when you try to strategize. It's really satisfying to watch a ship go down, and you can get into some pretty cool scenarios with the various weapons and skills that they give you. It's rewarding to progress in the game, although there isn't a lot to end-game. Definitely worth a pick-up at a discounted price if you aren't sure!"
76561198046252756,Recommended,209080,11433205,"Posted: 27 July, 2014",all,Lyonsblood,"Brilliant little game, and has so much potential. I would only recommend buying if you are a social player and have reliable friends to buy with you, as matchmaking is very thinly manned and communication is key, so buy a bundle and give it to your friends and play along."
76561198054275404,Recommended,209080,11741710,"Posted: 16 August, 2014",all,{TSG} Ghost Leviathan,It's iyt
76561198061593117,Recommended,209080,11787551,"Posted: 19 August, 2014",all,Adriana take me back i miss u,"Very good game, but requires communication to win so if you don't have a mic you're basically screwed. Other than that 10/10, Pick it up when you have the chance."
76561198044236705,Recommended,209080,11772356,"Posted: 18 August, 2014",all,Navagater,This is one of those rare games that is actually good and unique. I have no idea why it isn't more popular and why the meta score is so low. If you like team work and flying ships that bomb and ram into each other buy this right now. If you're reading this during a sale DEFINATELY BUY IT RIGHT NOW
76561198009238389,Recommended,209080,11690460,"Posted: 13 August, 2014",all,SunPaz,Tons of fun on zepplins ! Yay !
,Recommended,209080,11690804,"Posted: 13 August, 2014",all,GenJamie,I love this game. Someone make a guns of icarus 2 please!
76561198004200342,Recommended,209080,11691059,"Posted: 13 August, 2014",all,liquidfox92,"This is an awesome game. The team dynamic, the strategies involved really add a layer of depth to it. The visuals and environments are beautiful. The real kicker is the online communittee. I have met some really great people on here. Whether playing with or against the people here make the game really great."
,Recommended,209080,12194182,"Posted: 22 September, 2014",all,bull1177,This game is so much fun to play because of the awesome co-op strategy. I'd recomend this to anyone looking for a great community of people to play.
76561198055106032,Recommended,209080,12196903,"Posted: 23 September, 2014",all,Cyber_Zizek_9000,Flying giant steampunk battle-zeppelins. Scientific adventure violence.
,Recommended,209080,4952990,"Posted: 25 August, 2013",all,Divineheresy,such a boss game
,Recommended,209080,12183288,"Posted: 21 September, 2014",all,weresmyothersok,"a mic is mandatory in this game. if you cant speak to your team, your team cant work together. if your team cant work together, you WILL die often"
76561198089638121,Recommended,209080,8440554,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,xXx_PerÅdne06_xXx,best.....game....EVER
,Recommended,209080,12025215,"Posted: 8 September, 2014",all,Bagel_Dish,HIghly underrated game that i would highly suggest that anybody that likes teamwork and coordination should get this game.
,Recommended,209080,12059242,"Posted: 10 September, 2014",all,|Xвпп| CCCP,...
,Recommended,209080,11929617,"Posted: 30 August, 2014",all,Slick Frick,i need help i just want to play this game but i cant. The only reaosn is when i click on anything the game would freeze. Im not sure if its because the game or its the fact that i have a mac. please post to tell me what to do. im not sure if the update fixed that. I recommend this game but not for mac mabye its just my mac but idk and please post what to do to fix it.
,Recommended,209080,12135818,"Posted: 17 September, 2014",all,Sevonic,"I purchased Guns of Icarus Online during one of Steam's many sales. For less than $10, it was a great buy. However, I would very much easily purchase this game at the full $15, and here's whyVisuals:The visual style of this game is something that is very unique. Choosing to imitate the Steampunk look for the ships and costumes, GoI has really interesting designs that reflect itself in the airships via the spinning gears and all the brass valves that are noticeable on the decks. As far as graphics are concerned, they look great on high quality which is very impressive considering that the engine that this game was made on is Unity.Gameplay:GoI does something really unique that most other ""team based games"" fail to do. You actually have to work together. Unlike other games which claim to be cooperative where you have to work with your team, GoI actually succeeds in making each part of your crew vital to the success of your battles. Each class has their own unique loadouts that can help the endurance and strength of your ship. Engineers get extinguishers, and tools to either rebuild or repair the parts on the ship more quickly. Gunners choose between different types of ammunition, buffing the guns in one area, and debuffing them in another. And the pilots get certain items which can either speed up your ship, or rapidly make your ship ascend or descend. *note* If you are the captain (unless you can type like a REALLY fast boss), voice chat is a must as you need to convey orders to your crew quickly so that they can be carried out. There are commands and buttons you can use to have your character give out orders, but using the voice chat is more efficient.The FIREPOWAHH:The guns themselves feel very satisfying to use and they definitely have an ""oomph"" factor to them as well, as when you shoot them, the recoil on them is massive and it feels like you are actually shooting a heavy gun. The bullet drop and ballistics are very nice as well and in most instances for long shots, you will need to lead your targets and take into consideration how far the rounds will drop.The Ships:There are many different types of airships to use in the game. Some are more user friendly than others, but each have their own distinct advantages that they can offer in battle. As well as disadvantages that a good captain should be aware of to stay alive during battle. Some ships require more practice in combat than others, but putting in the practice to get good with those ships is a rewarding experience.The Fun Factor:GoI is a game best played with friends. Get three of your other friends together, get on a Skype call, and wreck other ships in epic battles for control of the sky. The battles I've played are ones that I've mostly played with my buddies but I have played with random pick up crews as well. However, they are certainly less fun than playing with your friends, cheering when you take a ship down, or groaning when you yourselves get shot down.Pros-Good visuals for the engine.-Varied classes with their own distinct ways to buff the ship.-Varied ships that offer different styles of play for everyone.-Actual cooperative gameplay.-Tremendous fun to play in general (even more fun with friends)-The guns are awesome.Cons-A lack of a consistent open world (yes I know they're working on an adventure mode).-Playing with random crews can be a little stale.-Micro-transactions... (this is just a peeve of mine, if this doesn't bother you, disregard this point).-A game that can only be played in bursts, playing this for a while for hours on end can detract from the funFinal Verdict:All in all, Guns of Icarus Online is a fantastic game that has extremely addictive elements about it. The incredibly unique genre, coupled with the steampunk visuals, combine to make this one of the best indie games on Steam. The $15 price tag is certainly reasonable for what you are getting and if you can snag it on a sale, then it's a must buy! Guns of Icarus online, gets a very solid 7.5/10."
76561197985968813,Recommended,209080,1074748,"Posted: 5 August, 2013",all,Li Bai,"This game is such a novel idea that it's difficult to convey. Essentially, you are part of a crew consisting of other online players. You crew a steampunk airship the class and layout of which can be modified. You can pilot the ship, repair ship systems, or man one of several guns on the ship. Integrated voice chat and a lively online community make for a great time. Highly recommended."
,Recommended,209080,12158882,"Posted: 20 September, 2014",all,Bell -DI,"Great graphics, nice sound effects and musics, funny and challenging gameplay, cool baloons, ingame shop with few items but you can get them as rewards too. Nice steampunk settings, voice chat and can find matches pretty easly with a varied duration from short to 30mins or plus. This game has its unique feeling"
76561198065502614,Recommended,209080,11899802,"Posted: 28 August, 2014",all,Akaso,"You know, I have seen quite a few YouTube Gameplays of Guns of Icarus before purchasing it, and I was not quite interested in it.Once, it was on an insane discount so I picked the game up. And since then, I have been shouting commands at my crew not letting anyone in the house sleep.The Guns are well balanced, ships have their own distinct playstyle and the maps are nicely large.Only nitpicks I have is the optimization. If it was beter optimized It would completely eliminate FPS lag.8.5/10 -AND- My Recommendation to buy the f*ck out of it."
76561198038092413,Recommended,209080,11903466,"Posted: 28 August, 2014",all,Sun Stealer,"This is an amazing game centered around teamwork, blimps, and old timey naval tactics."
,Recommended,209080,20442575,"Posted: 10 January, 2016",all,Lexite,OMG I SUCK
,Recommended,209080,12005458,"Posted: 6 September, 2014",all,North,This is an extremely beautiful looking game if you like playing with  team of 4
,Recommended,209080,3292081,"Posted: 22 May, 2013",all,Shintenpu,Build a crew of four friends. Board a ship. Kill ♥♥♥♥♥es. Yell orders to your friends. Crash down burning. Steampunk sauce.
76561198061148710,Recommended,209080,11935336,"Posted: 31 August, 2014",all,Mani Wakatuima,Very Fun strategical steampunk warefare! work is payed off once you shutdown enemies :)Would be better to play with friends :D
76561198088122895,Recommended,209080,7137346,"Posted: 18 May, 2013",all,NyuNyuMew,great game to play with a few mates and kick♥♥♥♥♥(if your any good ^^) <<>>
,Recommended,209080,11936053,"Posted: 31 August, 2014",all,D a s D u k e .aes,Pilot raged quit leaving ship and crew burning to a fiery death. 10/10.
76561198031103217,Recommended,209080,11909352,"Posted: 29 August, 2014",all,pookyboy05,"If you have friends in-real-life whith whom you would like to play this is the game I recommend. The success of the match depends EQUALY on EVERY crew member and on cooperation & comunication. And then some. No pay to win, no grinding or farming save for the achievements. Best game for casual gaming with the people you actually talk to.9.5/10 'cuz of the glitches."
76561197967131847,Recommended,209080,10277976,"Posted: 29 May, 2014",all,Aetius_Rhah,Fantastic game! Was a huge suprise to the imersion and satisfaction I get from playing this. Great community and teamwork is a must!
,Recommended,209080,173905,"Posted: 2 April, 2013",all,RiSKOSD,"This game is highly recommended.  Its unique and requires thought , teamwork and good communication to succeed.  Can't wait for the update that adds in a persisten world to explore in my Airship!  Get this game now!!"
,Not Recommended,209080,10279223,"Posted: 29 May, 2014",all,Phoenix [B²],"Really fun at first while you're at the lower levels, and then it just tosses you in with the 'pros' after the tutorial and it turns out everyone uses the same cheap, stupid tactics. Sniping from a distance, etc. These epic battles you once had now turned into waiting games and lame set ups that negate the feeling of airship battles."
,Recommended,209080,4667241,"Posted: 1 March, 2013",all,Caboose D A,This game is a whole lot of fun!
,Recommended,209080,9771432,"Posted: 9 April, 2014",all,SmileyD,Definitely as good as it looks.
76561198058391504,Recommended,209080,9765564,"Posted: 8 April, 2014",all,InvisFrames,"Ok, do not let the metacritic score discourage you from buying this game. The game creates a feeling hard to explain, almost like you are in that situation it's so atmospheric and I love this game to death please buy this and support the devs."
76561198045309564,Recommended,209080,9766683,"Posted: 8 April, 2014",all,HuntsmanNotreDame,"Joined a game, got yelled at for not covering starboard. I asked what side that is and got called a♥♥♥♥♥♥for using left and right."
,Recommended,209080,8926645,"Posted: 31 January, 2014",all,TheQuantumAdder,Brilliant game! This is one of the best games that I have played and I would recommend this to everybody that I know so that they can experience the fun that I had playing this game. Although there can be trouble finding servers which will stop when there are more people that know about this game it is a great game overall and I would defiantly get this game.
,Recommended,209080,8929482,"Posted: 31 January, 2014",all,Bernkastel,"I love this game so much!! The reason you may ask.... well my good fellow gamers is due to the prue fact of TEAM WORK being at use. I am very tierd of COD clones where one player could take on everyone and also tierd of mainly shooters coming out so this is a nice change of pace and I can not wait on till my friends get this game so I could have my own ship and crew. Also I love the theme of this game, the whole steam punk thing is great. The community is great. Highly Recommend 9/10 reason for not 10 due to little things here and there that may or may not be my fault or the games fault."
76561198052582282,Recommended,209080,8720101,"Posted: 15 January, 2014",all,Lord von Fleck,"Unlike any multiplayer game you have ever played, but in all the great ways.  Guns of Icarus Online gives the player a chance to become part of an airship's crew in fleet battle.  A great combination of teamwork comes together in this game.  Not only must each player work together on a ship, filling various roles, including Gunner, Mechanic, and Ship Captain, but then that ship is part of a small fleet that must work together against the other small fleet.  I have never seen a game combine teamwork and role usage in such an excellent way.  The designers have truly thought of everything.  Sounds complicated?  It ""can be"", if you want it to, or not.  Take the role you feel most comfortable with.  Worried that your captain might be an idiot?  Developers have built in a reputation system where all players start off in a noob-level battles, so things stay more balanced and fair.  Amazing game!  Buy this, get this game for your friends too, together, form a crew (or use the AI or random encountered players), and enjoy true multiplayer airship fun!  Their are always matches being formed, and the developers are always adding new content."
76561198048634813,Recommended,209080,8724873,"Posted: 15 January, 2014",all,Dopest guy,♥♥♥♥♥tits
76561198070300848,Recommended,209080,8803995,"Posted: 21 January, 2014",all,Pigeon Consigliere,"pretty obscure game but fun nonetheless. definetly recommend it if you think its your style. can be intense, or calm, depending. personally, id give it an 8 out of 10."
,Recommended,209080,9000286,"Posted: 6 February, 2014",all,👯🏻🥛🐸👌🏻KEK,It's AWESOME!!!
76561198050849858,Recommended,209080,9695387,"Posted: 1 April, 2014",all,Smugtomato,Really fun game but gets repetative after a while. Would recommend to buy but only if you like being stressed and FPS-games.
,Recommended,209080,9680834,"Posted: 30 March, 2014",all,Alphagold,"Extremely fun, love the customizable loadouts"
76561198008191657,Recommended,209080,2491266,"Posted: 31 October, 2012",all,The27thS,I can't recommend this game enough!  This is the kind of game I've always wanted to play and the adventure mode they are working on looks amazing.
76561198041329723,Recommended,209080,9660055,"Posted: 28 March, 2014",all,[Empire]Brother Swing,It may take tons of learning but when you can master your skill type all thats left is pure fun
,Recommended,209080,9661428,"Posted: 29 March, 2014",all,The Destroyer,lol best game evers
,Recommended,209080,9803913,"Posted: 12 April, 2014",all,Toxin Tractor,"I wouldnt listen to the review score for this game folks.Guns of Icarus is likely one of my favorite combinations of steampunk and air to air combat mainly because the way the game blends the control of the ships and the way the weapons where desgined in such a wounderful manner, you feel it when your♥♥♥♥♥♥gets hit by a heavy gun, and you know when you hit with your own heavy gun.The game is able to make you think you are actually in the game world.Learning the game isnt too hard, the biggest learning curve will likely be learning where all the spots are that you need to repair on a ship. Of course with that, it is very fun when you learn the ship your using. Once you learned the ships the next hardest part is to learn how to aim your guns. Each gun fuctions very differently from the last so learning what guns work well with what ammo types will be a huge help.And of course. Flying the ship is extreamly fun! And each ship is a different joy ride! :DHowever one thing that does break that is the comunication. When a team works together and uses the in game voice chat to give orders the game play moves very fluid. You feel like a part of the ship. When it doesnt.. well.. youll get shot of the sky before you can say ♥♥♥♥ me.So a small suggestion is when you start playing. Play with friends. The games 4 pack is a sweet deal.If you dont have friends. Make them :) the community for this game is very friendly."
,Recommended,209080,2512989,"Posted: 27 December, 2012",all,Ghoti Frye,"If you like competitive team games like I do, and/or anything steampunk, I highly recommend."
,Recommended,209080,21376666,"Posted: 21 February, 2016",all,uku,"""For 10.99$, this game is given""Do not bother yourself buying 79.99$ games that you will play 10 hours then the game will be over, buy this game!This game is everything but like the others, it's worth it, trust me..."
,Recommended,209080,21391369,"Posted: 22 February, 2016",all,PyonyangPizzaPie,"Great, unique teamwork game. I've always wanted a naval version of this game and didn't realize that it would be cooler in zeppelins until someone else came up with the idea.The devs are super friendly and helpful as well."
,Recommended,209080,21416380,"Posted: 23 February, 2016",all,The ZuCC,"I seriously recommend this game, it is a ton of fun.It can be a little hard to start, but with time, effort, and a good team (Or just good communication skills)you will get better.This game requires teamwork, and a lot of it. No buts.In the less than 2 hours of the game I've played (Of the time I wrote this review) I've been having so much fun,the game is just fun to jump in and play a round or two (Or multiple rounds if you please)Here are some pros and cons that I ave gathered in the less than 2 hours I've tacked to this game:Pros:-The community is fantastic and really nice.-Basically every customization option is open from the moment you start-The tutorial is good (in my opinion, but it could be possibly better, if it was optional)-The game offers 3 different roles with each it's own abilities (Engineer, Gunner, And Captain)-There isn't much lag (From what I have seen)-The devs stream every so often and they even host games where you can play with them.-This game has community items, given you don't like the regular content.-It also has a pretty good soundtrackCons:-Challenging at first (A lot of people are really good at the game, so you have to learn fast if you like winning)-Sometimes the lobbies don't have enough players on both teams (4 people per ship, 2 ships per team) and then you have AI players.-You really need a captainMinor inconveniences (Not enough to be a con):-Graphics aren't as new and nice as they could be (Not like the graphics really mean anything, because they're fine this way.)If you can catch this game on sale, I highly recommend you buy it, and if you want to have some funthe second you start, convince your friends to buy it (Or just buy it for them) and get Skype going, because this will last a while."
76561198118808769,Recommended,209080,21356872,"Posted: 20 February, 2016",all,ＹＯＵＮＧ ＤＩＰ,this game is  a BOATLOAD of fun!
76561198063084185,Recommended,209080,21447643,"Posted: 25 February, 2016",all,AppleHaddock,Steampunk airship pirate simulator is all I ever wanted or needed from a game.
,Recommended,209080,21468425,"Posted: 25 February, 2016",all,CubedFriend,"I am more than satisfied with this game. I admit that I have played guns for a limited time so take my experience as face value. The game itself offers rewarding combat no matter the end results. Teamwork while recommended, is not necessary to do well and even if a signal word is not shared amount the crew I still tend to feel a spark of loyalty and tolerance. I once had a captain who had no idea what he was doing; it was his first time playing pilot want do you except. I remember the other engineer on our Galion offered constant encouragement and directions to the rest of the crew and the end result was an unexpected victory. The community is fantastic, no other way to say it really. The game seems to have the weird effect of pacifying everybody. Commendations are given freely and sincerely, people are almost always helpful, really the game is one part gaming experience and one part enjoyable community members. I constantly come back to this game and I plan to play it more especially since updates have started picking up. My opinion? Why haven't you bought it?"
76561197974085922,Recommended,209080,21454431,"Posted: 25 February, 2016",all,Khorne,"Playing with a couple friends is a good time, but I'm sad that they haven't gotten the proposed MMO version off the ground.  Right now it's just a multiplayer combat game with airships, which is a cool idea but it could be much more interesting."
76561198043899507,Recommended,209080,21467018,"Posted: 25 February, 2016",all,Alaric,"Gritty airship combat, crazy pilots and an amazing community."
76561198046793485,Recommended,209080,5236658,"Posted: 19 August, 2013",all,Vash,Great game it has no really flaws and it has a unique gameplay that requires teamwork and skill
,Recommended,209080,21483035,"Posted: 26 February, 2016",all,CaptainOvertore,A brilliantly fun game set on cooperation and battling amongst the skylines. Definitely reccomended if you have a love of steampunk.
,Recommended,209080,21489070,"Posted: 26 February, 2016",all,fufdoofGOG,"Really fun game to play with friends; it has the perfect balance between cooperative and competitive. It's still fun with other people, but definitely better if you can get a crew of your friends.The community is relatively small, but good. The players are mature and have good sportsmanship.The visuals are beautiful; it's a very atmospheric game. There is a good number of maps and gamemodes, And plenty of character and ship customization.Altogether, I completely recommend this game!"
,Recommended,209080,21442521,"Posted: 25 February, 2016",all,Chef,Character models look kinda janky but the airship combat is up to snuff8/8WHERE IS MY ADVENTURE MODE
,Recommended,209080,21610928,"Posted: 3 March, 2016",all,Brobble,"I think this is a fun and exciting game where collaborating is a necessity. With a customizable character and boat to make your player unique and voice chat and normal chat, this game is a great game and a unique one at that."
,Recommended,209080,2186230,"Posted: 30 January, 2013",all,Finesto,"You get to be a part of an airship crew and shoot other airships down. Teamplay is essential. This game doesn't have LAN (yet), but there are people playing it aand it is awesome."
,Recommended,209080,2868838,"Posted: 14 August, 2013",all,Fireeye,"Currently still a bit buggy, but nonetheless a fantastic game, particularly when playing with a well-functioning team of friends with mics!"
,Recommended,209080,3407270,"Posted: 23 June, 2013",all,TBAB Makhram,"Very fun team intensive gameplay, pretty much requires a mic and a good attitude"
,Recommended,209080,2942413,"Posted: 25 March, 2013",all,Veland,"This game does ""steampunky"" airship-to-airship combat SO well!The developers are amazing and it is the best community I have ever encounterd! Everyone is super friendly and helpfull.Grab a 4-pack and bring some friends to play the best teamwork game I've ever played!Tl;dr:Awesome game, and a lot of fun!"
,Recommended,209080,7468614,"Posted: 24 October, 2013",all,Ikiumeru,"A very interesting shooter-esque experience. Take command of a ship, or serve on it as an engineer or a gunner. With varying ship types, guns, equipment, and costumes play remains interesting and fun after several hours."
,Recommended,209080,7753811,"Posted: 25 November, 2013",all,Razgriz,TO THE SKIES. MAN THE CANNONS AND GET YOUR WRENCH READY!
,Recommended,209080,1065086,"Posted: 25 May, 2013",all,Bunisher,This game! Is the amazingies♥♥♥♥♥♥♥! Erryone should play it! Buy it! Buy it naogh! Best team game ever as you need your captain and your crew to have a functioning ship and everyone needs to work together for optimal performance.And with the new Adventure Mode that will add in a persistant world and quests that you and your crew can pick up and fight others in this big open world... That is going to make the game evern better!
,Recommended,209080,9182011,"Posted: 19 February, 2014",all,Loaf,One wordAwesome
76561197962231797,Recommended,209080,9182727,"Posted: 19 February, 2014",all,Coach Lombardi,"i love how fast you get help if you got a problem or issue with the game itself, alot of companies could learn alot.the game itself? MAAAAAYN ITS AWESOME!!!"
,Recommended,209080,9182815,"Posted: 19 February, 2014",all,Redbomber,"It's a really fun game that's relatively easy to play, but still has some depth to it. If you're into steampunk, this game is a steampunk paradise. Fire will make you lag until you put it out, though."
,Recommended,209080,9183735,"Posted: 19 February, 2014",all,Sgt.Weirdo,"Splendidly chaotic, wonderfully interactive. Lead, follow or be a complete♥♥♥♥♥♥.. Teamwork is key! Love it! <3"
76561198091728372,Recommended,209080,9183744,"Posted: 19 February, 2014",all,m3x1can,"I love this game! Don't let the meta-score fool you. It's an awesome game and you can be a pilot, engineer or gunner. It's really fun being in a airship!"
,Recommended,209080,9289940,"Posted: 28 February, 2014",all,Judopunch,This game is amazing. There is a little lag on some of the servers. But the game completly makes you forget any of the small problems it may have.
,Recommended,209080,9290729,"Posted: 28 February, 2014",all,EZB,"Do you love steampunk?You like flying ships of ANY kind?Like explosions, fire, and occasionally cooperation and clever teamwork?WHY YOU NO BUY THIS GAME? STOOPID!"
,Recommended,209080,9291163,"Posted: 28 February, 2014",all,Finalize,"The most caotic game I ever played, If you like balloons and shooting and running around like madmen you need to buy this game."
,Recommended,209080,9298713,"Posted: 28 February, 2014",all,kaza892,I repaired the engines and then we crashed into a mountain and died a horrible fiery death. Buy this game.
76561198049001621,Recommended,209080,8969533,"Posted: 3 February, 2014",all,Rafiki,Great if you have friends to play with! I got the four-pack and my friends have been dominating the air battle since...
,Recommended,209080,8969779,"Posted: 3 February, 2014",all,anyone in this thread smoke weed,"Steam-punk pirates with guns and hot wrenchy action. 11/Bullets, must play."
76561198048736247,Recommended,209080,5373626,"Posted: 16 August, 2013",all,Soft & Lilly,Dis is what a real game is like
76561198061150824,Recommended,209080,6203313,"Posted: 13 August, 2013",all,Gypsyslovecake,GOOD
76561197972371121,Recommended,209080,576619,"Posted: 4 January, 2013",all,'mante,"Best Coop/PvP hybrid I've ever played. Whether you are shooting the guns, fixing components or piloting the ship while your buddies take on other roles, it's amazingly fun."
76561198034071703,Recommended,209080,9150567,"Posted: 16 February, 2014",all,Tickle My Pickle,"A smaller game, but no less fun. Very similar to TF2 in the fact that it is entirely Multiplayer based, with no singleplayer except for tutorials. Not sure how I feel about it but I think any Steam Punk enthusiast will be at home with it, and it has a fantastic title screen track. 7.5/10."
,Recommended,209080,9151341,"Posted: 16 February, 2014",all,WiseLlama,"I love this game and it is fun if you play by yourself, but better if you play wit friends."
,Recommended,209080,3251990,"Posted: 1 February, 2013",all,nina nina,"This is a great online Co-op games with a (mostly) great community and I highly recommend it to anyone who likes huge steampunk zeppelin wars with strangers or friends over the internet. Just make sure you have a good microphone, because you are expected to communicate!"
76561198031552497,Recommended,209080,8903604,"Posted: 29 January, 2014",all,Murphy's Law,Epic♥♥♥♥♥♥dude
76561198098066763,Recommended,209080,9047283,"Posted: 10 February, 2014",all,Pools Closed,"if you like steampunk and boats i wold reccomend this game,the forced team work and friendly community have been helpful and assisted me getting into this game. i would say that if you lag alot dont get this as it requires a half decent ping"
76561198043030288,Recommended,209080,9048005,"Posted: 10 February, 2014",all,Engr the Nub-☜♡☞-,"Love the style and concept and enjoyed the customization of the ships.Although getting paired with people who may or maynot be good at the gameIs a little annoying , playing with friends is alot more entertaining.(Note: Hate the trolls) :P"
76561198040295604,Recommended,209080,9170631,"Posted: 18 February, 2014",all,Cpt. Longwolf,This gam is purdy gud if ya want to play a gud gam
76561198081361786,Recommended,209080,9179588,"Posted: 19 February, 2014",all,Rhyne,A game of hilarious fun and good teamwork. this is a must-have.
,Recommended,209080,9180810,"Posted: 19 February, 2014",all,Mia,bole tahan
76561198082330470,Recommended,209080,9181066,"Posted: 19 February, 2014",all,assasinsmarkzman,fun
76561198060475600,Recommended,209080,9243932,"Posted: 24 February, 2014",all,Imagery,"I got the four pack for me and my friends, right from the get go we were imersed into customizing our own ship and taking it to battle, Playing alone is not all that fun, the community is ok, but then you just get people who do not want to be flexable. I end up just filling whats needed, and never really get to be a specified role. All In all, I would reccomend the game if you have pals to play with."
76561198044709459,Recommended,209080,5066776,"Posted: 19 May, 2013",all,Tutankoopa,Your inner sailor will thank you.
,Recommended,209080,9413873,"Posted: 10 March, 2014",all,Bobiolik,Fun game!
76561198031372002,Recommended,209080,9416637,"Posted: 10 March, 2014",all,\/\/rYGR1N,"A fun idea that makes team-based combat more unique than your standard military-shooter-capture-the-flag titles we've seen over the last few years.The only real gripe I have is that assembling a crew of friends with whom you can play is a little tricky sometimes, and often you and your friends will get bumped to different ships for crew-count.If it continues to improve (and I hope it does), this'll be a really great title."
76561198059901088,Recommended,209080,6142510,"Posted: 12 July, 2013",all,adeemin,Crazy immersive airship multiplayer. A must have if you have a soul
,Recommended,209080,9423474,"Posted: 11 March, 2014",all,Halceon,"Guns of Icarus is one of my top games in terms of cooperative experience. The level of interdependence is simply excellent and the fairly intuitive voice command system makes for easy coordination even when you don't have a mic. It takes a while to get out of the level restricted kiddie pool and get to the real customization, but the specific variety of what you can put on your ship is so large, that the restriction itself makes sense – gives new players a chance to understand the core mechanics before swamping them with options.Tighten your toolbelt and polish your goggles, it's time to pop some airbags!"
,Recommended,209080,9394587,"Posted: 8 March, 2014",all,Ramsamerits,"By yourself, its pretty fun. However if you can recruit your friends to play with you, this game is really really awesome! So grab some buds and shoot♥♥♥♥♥♥up!"
,Recommended,209080,9449406,"Posted: 13 March, 2014",all,twitch.tv/accidentchild,"You once, I do not care what Metacritic says. This game is fun. Sure the purchasing of cosmetics is annoying, but the teamwork involved, the community of mostly helpful individuals, and the graphics and gameplay are not bad either.  I will try to write out a longer review, but I need to get back to my squad."
,Recommended,209080,6936251,"Posted: 17 September, 2013",all,jim_88,空中飛艇戰鬥遊戲 英文為主 玩家多為老外 使用語音較為方便 4人一組
,Recommended,209080,9488947,"Posted: 15 March, 2014",all,Kaene,"GoI is a surprisingly fun game. The only downside I see is the match making seems to be broken. Maybe having a ""quick join"" option that would throw matches together better would help it along. Overall I'd give it an 8 out of 10"
,Recommended,209080,9310854,"Posted: 1 March, 2014",all,AceStrategy,Game gets taken for granted by all types of players play with yourfriends and learn t owork together. this game promotes teamwork and cooperatiopn.
76561198113641895,Recommended,209080,9097224,"Posted: 13 February, 2014",all,bananastorm26,"buetifull game, requires teamwork to keep the ship flying recomemded get a head set befor playing and if u dont got cominication teh ur gonna need alot of luck. extreamly intence and awesome guns to mix and match with your ships"
76561198066898382,Recommended,209080,9097317,"Posted: 13 February, 2014",all,Gaster Blaster,this is a GREAT game i love it so much the community is wonderful and there are lots of people willing ot help you out and its also easy to learn how to play i reccomend this game
76561197989352560,Recommended,209080,9098169,"Posted: 13 February, 2014",all,Cpt. Westov,Solid game. Very fun if you understand the mechanics. If you lack team work or communication you will fail.
,Recommended,209080,7567804,"Posted: 4 November, 2013",all,CyPRESS,Игра супер!! Сделали бы разрабы ещё и наводную версию (типа новых Корсаров).
,Recommended,209080,6745900,"Posted: 23 May, 2013",all,i h8 every1,"Интересно,круто,весело."
76561198066409034,Recommended,209080,9085811,"Posted: 13 February, 2014",all,✔️ Father Dougal 2.0,"I would recommend this game becuase it has great graphics, well put together and has good action"
76561197970906162,Recommended,209080,475080,"Posted: 12 July, 2013",all,Chrononaut,"An incredibly fun game with an ""adventure mode"" soon to come. I'm not sure I've ever played something with this ratio of fun/money spent. Ever. Do yourself a favour and pick this up."
,Recommended,209080,9159567,"Posted: 17 February, 2014",all,Leo,"I cannot express how much I enjoyed playing this game. Team cooperation is a key essential to win your matches. I met a few unexperienced people like myself, but after a while it becomes fun, the ability to customize your own ship, youreself is just a small portion of what this game has to offer."
76561198071423871,Recommended,209080,9159676,"Posted: 17 February, 2014",all,Cruce Bampbell,best game on wheels
76561198118999726,Recommended,209080,8777292,"Posted: 19 January, 2014",all,EchoCraft12,Great Game
,Recommended,209080,9121851,"Posted: 15 February, 2014",all,Sexual Potatoes,"This is a different game. If you're into the premises, you'll probably have a lot of fun with it. The steampunk visuals are sharp and the battles can be great fun. Though it is a very limited game, gameplay wise, in many ways. I would only recommend buying it during a sale."
,Recommended,209080,7724514,"Posted: 23 November, 2013",all,Captain Mack,"There are 3 different classes, Gunner, they run the guns shooting down other blimps and occasionally performing minor repairs, Engineer, they put out fires and repair blimp parts on the ship that get busted and when nothing is broken their on the guns, they are the backbone of the entire blimp, then there is the Pilot, this is my personal favorite class. More often than not the ship's pilot is also it's captain, the pilot's job is to fly a blimp into battle and avoid crashes, to turn the ship so that the gunners can shoot the other blimp, if they are the captain, they give orders to focus on attacking or repairing or to do as the crew pleases. Without a captain a ship is nothing, but the best captain is a pilot. This game is action packed, strategic, and fun. 10/10"
76561198098004016,Recommended,209080,9112157,"Posted: 14 February, 2014",all,Hissing Fauna,a game that makes you feel like your in a aactual war I reccomend you buy some head sets to communicate with your teamgame 8/10(addictive and immersive)price 9/10(slitely to expensive but worth it)graphics 10/10(looks new gen also has bump mapping)
76561198082880094,Recommended,209080,8842831,"Posted: 25 January, 2014",all,Someone,Recommended.Good Multi-Player Fun.
76561198070843683,Recommended,209080,8848935,"Posted: 25 January, 2014",all,Freedom Eagle,Great game but at times it can be frustrating.
76561198071169951,Recommended,209080,8919334,"Posted: 31 January, 2014",all,AveAves,"This game is a good mix between strategy and quick thinking, with teamwork being an essential. There are a number of different guns and ships to choose from which can be interchangeable to customise your ship accordingly to how you want to battle (again, teamwork is essential to win). The ships themselves are not customisable(exept the guns) but there are a range of them from tanks to quick maneuvering ones. Despite my emphasis on teamwork and professionalism, the game is not incredibly difficult and noob freindly. Classes can be customised slightly. Alot of games are hosted in the americas so lag may occasionally be bad if you live somewhere else (like Australia) but with a good computer it is fine most of the time.  The only items you can buy are purely cosmetic and do not give unfair advantages in gameplay.Multiplayer numbers:Four people on one ship, need atleast one person on each team to drive the shipUp to 3 vs 3 ship battlesSandbox mode( skill honing, AI target ships) can have 4 people in a game on the same shipSad Parts :(Game can be hard for people with normal computers to play on sometimes. Go check the system requirements.I am Australian :( People in America are haveing slightly more fun with this game.The engineer does not say ""Deployin' a sentry"" when you fix a gun turret :(You have to use a gun to unlock stats in the in-game manuale. Same with ships.Pilot can be a hard class for a noob as the entire team depends on you not hitting that skyscraper or that dust cloud.Engineer is a little bit stressful :(Good game overall, worth getting the 4 pack if you agree with 3 people who have viable computers/internet.The collecters addition adds cosmetic items to the game"
76561198039012722,Recommended,209080,8922541,"Posted: 31 January, 2014",all,Zizer,"This game is a great one to learn how to manage people and take command.  It can get really intense when you're in a battle and whether or not you know how to handle the ship can make a big difference in who wins engagements.  You need to have actual people with you on the ship, as being on a ship with only AI WILL get you killed.  Overall, I love the game."
76561198071356805,Recommended,209080,8924704,"Posted: 31 January, 2014",all,Count Kledof,If your into FPS's or steampunk or airships BUY IT NOW
76561198009184624,Recommended,209080,2551957,"Posted: 21 May, 2013",all,3])linux,"Teamwork makes perfect they say. For most games this is not so,yet Guns of Icarus Online made it absolutely necessary. Have a Captain that can't steer?well, you're screwed. Got no engineers?Expect some fires to destroy your ships. Only got gunners? You better down the enemy before one of your cannons or engines catches on fire. A good crew can mean the difference between life and death, literally. Plus its on gnu/linux, which makes this quite the game to get for a gnu/linux user!"
,Recommended,209080,18490120,"Posted: 15 October, 2015",all,SirSyntax,"I can't recommend this game enough. You and three other crew members become a gestalt being: the ship. All actions forsake your own personal glory to work for the betterment of the ship as a whole. It's a game about airships. It's a game about teamwork. It's a game about fixing engines by smashing them with wrenches. Get some friends with headsets and some patience to get through the learning curve, and you're good to go."
76561198074457057,Recommended,209080,18359908,"Posted: 6 October, 2015",all,connormusic.mcwilliams,"Amazing costumer support, super fun game, can't say enough nice things, can't wait for adventure mode."
76561197965028239,Recommended,209080,18367336,"Posted: 7 October, 2015",all,Mac68,"I was going to go into a lengthy description of the game's pros and cons, and describe the gameplay at depth etc etc. However, it will be easier just to say that this is the most fun you can have on steam for £6.99. If you don't buy this game, you are just stupid, and you don't want to be stupid, do you?"
,Recommended,209080,10597096,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,IAmRelapse 『イノリ』,"Good game, you need teamwork to actually win here plus Mics.But sadly, not good for low-end computers/laptops, thats why i stopped playing...3.5/5 Overall."
,Recommended,209080,18401672,"Posted: 9 October, 2015",all,Skampus,"Steampunk. Air blimp battles. Team based stuff. Giant cannons. Apocalyptic feeling enviroment. Battlefield sized maps.8/10 -Too much air, IGN"
76561198003956915,Recommended,209080,18407063,"Posted: 10 October, 2015",all,girlyboy,"This game is awesome. If you like steampunk, get this game. If you like games that require strategy and thought, get this game. If you like teamwork, get this game. If you are a fan of the old, obscure Microsoft space flight sim “Allegiance,” get this game.To sum up the game-play, you are a crew member on one of a huge variety of steampunk airships. You play in first-person perspective, running around your beautifully designed ship, trying to spot enemy ships, manning the guns, putting out fires, repairing the engines, trying to manoeuvre at the helm, and so on. You can be a gunner, a pilot, or an engineer, which determines the skills you can use and the tools you are allowed to equip (although there is some overlap; as a last resort, a pilot can do some repairs, etc.) Regardless of which class you choose, there will always be something to do. In the heat of battle, there is never a dull moment.The captain of your ship will be another human player, just like you; and the enemy ships will be commanded and crewed by human players as well. Communicating with other players is absolutely essential; the team that communicates better will have a much easier time winning. Fortunately, the game gives you lots of tools -- built-in voice chat, various preset voice commands, text chat on several different channels -- to do so, and also lets you form a crew with your friends.The learning curve is steep. This game is pretty complex, there's a ton of different things to do, and it'll take time to learn everything. However, the payoff is great as well: the fact that the game is complex means there's tons of different ways to play, different strategies to choose, different skills to develop; re-playability is very high. The game includes tutorials, a single-player practice mode, and a down-loadable .pdf manual, all of which will make learning the controls easier. Also, the game has a pretty good community; you may well run into a friendly veteran player who will be happy to give you advice. And even as a newbie you can be valuable to your ship and your team.Guns of Icarus is pretty, unique, challenging, and it's also very rewarding. Highly recommended."
76561198108035950,Recommended,209080,18431297,"Posted: 11 October, 2015",all,pokemonfun121 No u dwoaiish,It is fun
,Recommended,209080,17294945,"Posted: 30 July, 2015",all,Mavi,"my expirence in this game: shoots the enemy team like a crazy, fixes guns running around doing almost everything for the team; little prick leader starts screaming at me because for some reason, it doesn't show the pounch animation, so i panic and sprint, and run off the ship. 11/10 would die again."
76561198036249875,Recommended,209080,18426665,"Posted: 11 October, 2015",all,Chronic Hitman,"Amazing game! There isn't anything quite like it on the market. Whether playing solo or with friends, this game will blow your mind!"
76561198042534809,Recommended,209080,18416837,"Posted: 10 October, 2015",all,RedWarrior0,"There's relatively steep learning curve, but it's a whole bunch of fun."
76561198095297757,Recommended,209080,18339433,"Posted: 5 October, 2015",all,Opien,"So here's a little adventure I had in Guns of Icarus...Spawned into a ship as gunner, loading the main cannon with long range ammo when the captain gets on the helm and turns on his mic.""Ye better be ready mates! We're *burp* we're gonna destroy these pansy♥♥♥♥♥wankas!"" He sounded really drunk, but I thought it was just an act. But I started wondering as he steered the ship into a cloud, damaging the engines and pretty much everything. When we finally come out of the clouds, we're in front of three enemy ships. So our captain grabs his bottle, takes an audible sip and shouts ""TO VALHALLA OR WHERE WE GON' LAY."" Fills the engines up with booze and crashes into two of them. Got killed a couple seconds later.This goes out to you drunk captain. I know you're out there. I still remember."
76561198163131169,Recommended,209080,18406251,"Posted: 9 October, 2015",all,ChrisMystic,"One of my favorite games that I have bought! Awesome Graphics, addicting gameplay and much more!10.5/10.5 I love it,(besides the ai's)"
,Recommended,209080,18410273,"Posted: 10 October, 2015",all,Lt. Retriever,Brillient fun!
76561198093137631,Recommended,209080,18363598,"Posted: 6 October, 2015",all,[OCG] Ginnungagap,This game has an amazingly attractive Tip Box
76561198063211055,Recommended,209080,18362401,"Posted: 6 October, 2015",all,OhGodDontShoot,"I got this game when it was first release and I've loved it ever since. It is unique, exciting, and very strategic. Very few online shooters of any kind require legitimate team cooperation or communication, but this one totally does. Certainly not a Pay2Win situation either.Seriously, buy this."
,Recommended,209080,10161737,"Posted: 18 May, 2014",all,greendra,Best game
,Recommended,209080,18151119,"Posted: 22 September, 2015",all,shlazzer,"Currently, GoI is a team deathmatch-style airship combat game.Each ship is manned by 1 captain, and 3 crew members. Teams can be from 2-4 ships. Game modes include crazy king (roaming king of the hill), king of the hill, and deathmatch.GoI is loads of fun. The ship controls as the captain are pretty intuitive.The crew classes are engineers, or gunners. Gunners can bring more differing kinds of ammo, where engineers have a plethora of tools and equipment to repair, rebuild, or buff ship components.Major ship components have HP, and perform functions. If the balloon is down, the airship falls. If the armor is down, the hull is exposed. If the engine is destroyed, you don't move. A good engineer is tough to come by!The graphics look quite nice. The game is quite pleasant to look at. Explosions, rain, sun, dust storms, bullets, fire.. GoI is very immersive.The community is relatively small, being that the game is still pre-release. Adventure Mode is actively in Dev, and they're shooting for a 2016 release.All in all, this is a FANTASTIC game. Albeit slightly limited right now."
76561198136773104,Recommended,209080,18535217,"Posted: 17 October, 2015",all,BAGELBOY,Great teamwork aspect of the whole running of the ship. Overall great game. - If you want to wait in a lobby for 5 mins xD 7/10
76561198094404964,Recommended,209080,18533890,"Posted: 17 October, 2015",all,Calcifer,"Kick♥♥♥♥♥teamwork-based game, group dynamic makes of breaks the match. Highly recommend you assemble 3 other friends, grab a 4-pack and the game will hook you all once you give it a try as a team."
,Recommended,209080,11552531,"Posted: 4 August, 2014",all,Greenfish,"Screw TF2, *this* is the most fun you can have online.(and I love TF2)Guns of Icarus is the first, and only game I've played where I've seen people actually work together and strategize, and the first where I've seen gamers say anything to each other that wasn't a poorly-worded insult or a racist slur.There is no personal score, every crew member is equally valuable and essential to the victory and survival of the ship.The three classes are perfectly balanced, and everyone relies on everyone else; you need a good pilot to take the ship into and out of combat, a good gunner to take down enemies, and a couple good engineers to keep the ship flying and the guns firing.11/10, this game is brilliant."
,Recommended,209080,20584240,"Posted: 17 January, 2016",all,BOT Mike,"A great flying deathmatch game, 2 teams of 2 ships, each with 4 people onboard battle to try and destroy the enemy ships.There are 3 roles, each which levels up individually Captain, Engineer and Gunner and you can customise your character using a variety of items (Hats!)The only downside to this game is that matchmaking can take a good 5 minutes because of the low player count, but everything else is great!"
76561198085402802,Recommended,209080,20653158,"Posted: 20 January, 2016",all,Califorya,10/10 would play again - cbeck
,Recommended,209080,20359497,"Posted: 6 January, 2016",all,Creator Of The Multiverse,Great game I love the team and communication based combat. Also in my experience most of the community is pritty good.overall a great game. it's defenetly woth the price.(not nearly as fun if you don't have a microphone.)
,Recommended,209080,20489680,"Posted: 12 January, 2016",all,The Gnome,Get a mic for the best experience!
,Recommended,209080,20471358,"Posted: 11 January, 2016",all,auf Wiedersehen!,"slightly overwhelming at first, but then seriously fun."
76561198055925084,Recommended,209080,20476796,"Posted: 11 January, 2016",all,Snappy The Cat Robber,I recommend this game for anyone who has a group of 4-8 friends that are willing to fly the seven skies and dunk on people with a junker boat.Be a sky pirateBe sky saltyBe everything you wanted to be as a sky pirate.Work not as a team but as a scurvy sky pirate crew.FLY THE SQUID AND BECOME A KID.
,Recommended,209080,3745931,"Posted: 18 October, 2012",all,Archer31,this game looks awsome its for anyone who wants a steampunk team based game
76561198076480649,Recommended,209080,12820156,"Posted: 6 November, 2014",all,NextLevel,this game is awesometo play whit your friends
,Recommended,209080,20423183,"Posted: 9 January, 2016",all,Argus,"My friends and I sucked at playing this game, but we had a lot of fun trying."
76561198134214775,Recommended,209080,20437458,"Posted: 9 January, 2016",all,BraxoBrax,Fun to play with friends.
,Recommended,209080,20410074,"Posted: 8 January, 2016",all,Ulfr,"I'll give this one a positives for the gameplay, I think.It looked really entertaining but, people... The community ruined this one for me almost instantly.Play it with friends and it's probably a great game. Don't even bother if you're going to join random groups."
,Recommended,209080,20283724,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,CanadianKeystone [no glasses],Amazing naval/air warefare. Would highly recommend. Something so unique about this game.
,Recommended,209080,20233218,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,kRISS,"Too complicated for me, I am retard.11/10 would buy again"
76561198105809487,Recommended,209080,20233274,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,Master_Fel,Best Team Game on The  Market 10/10-MAsterFel
76561198061232662,Recommended,209080,20233319,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,concretescience,"This is actually a fantastic game. Easy to learn, difficult to master, as is any good game. If you go the route of building up a team, it can be a lot of fun in particular with friends. Highly recommend this game."
76561198080472399,Recommended,209080,20595701,"Posted: 17 January, 2016",all,Audio Virtuoso,"Guns of Icarus Online is simply incredible. Whether you are the captain piloting your airship into combat, an engineer sprinting around the ship trying to keep up with everything that's breaking, or a gunner simply blowing enemy airships out of the sky, it is an exhilarating experience.It's best to play this game with a crew of four. It can still be a lot of fun flying solo, but the best experience comes when you are operating the airship with a full crew of four. If you do enter solo, however, do not be afraid. The community in this game is amazing. You will meet plenty of awesome people, many of which you will likely invite to your clan so you can operate airships together in the future.I highly recommend this game to anyone that enjoys fast-paced, intense, cooperative games. You will need to work closely with your crew, and at times you will have to work very hard, but the feeling of satisfaction when an enemy airship is finally blown apart is one that has no comparison."
76561198066204837,Recommended,209080,20704760,"Posted: 23 January, 2016",all,Trex48,The team plays when you have voice comms is just unbelievably fun!
,Recommended,209080,20818889,"Posted: 28 January, 2016",all,Renegade,Awesome super fun team game
76561198196938315,Recommended,209080,20803427,"Posted: 28 January, 2016",all,ahadzeb151096,I highly recommend this game. One of the best team based games I have played in a while.
,Recommended,209080,20712637,"Posted: 23 January, 2016",all,Radioactiveburns,"One of the most fun games I've ever played. Minimal time investment for a ""level up"" game. Very friendly and close community. And the items in the shop are very inexpensive: You can customize you avatar completly plus a few things for your ship for under $5. Highly recomend this game!P.S. Wish Steam had spell check!"
76561198054843482,Recommended,209080,17953213,"Posted: 9 September, 2015",all,Archimede [ITA],"I rate this 9.5/10Do you want a quick review?Well, this is THE GAME! Buy it, you will never regret!Do you prefer reading a detailed review?First of all, Guns of Icarus is a steampunk cooperative airship combat game. Each vessel has 4 players in his crew, and you are one of them. You can choose between 3 roles (pilot, engineer and gunner), but you can also adapt your role to your playstyle changing equipment and selecting different tools.There are several ships, weapons and maps, so that every match is different and you have to rely not only on your skills, but also on team strategies, communication and coordination.Currently there is only a PvP mode, but a PvE expansion is about to be released and will pretty much double the existing content.The number of players isn't very high (about 100 online every moment), but the community is very friendly and you won't have big problems finding a match (never takes more than 5 minutes).I also want to underline that Guns of Icarus is NOT pay-to-win, meaning that you don't need to make in-game purchases to become better, actually all the equipment is available to all players at the beginning of game. The only purchasable (real money) items are purely cosmetic, there's no benefit from them except the fact that you look more fashionable.Moreover, the developers are great, they constantly improve the game, make events and keep in touch with the community.The only thing GoI needs is more visibility, not enough gamers know how beautiful this title is.So, make your move, play this game and spread the voice!"
,Recommended,209080,17951530,"Posted: 8 September, 2015",all,Lightning,"pretty good game, but low player count and high average skill makes fair matches unlikely and hard to get good."
,Recommended,209080,17973139,"Posted: 10 September, 2015",all,[ Tj ],Fantastic game with a great community If it is not clear from the trailer the game plays like a cross between space engineers and Counterstrike. Yes its that awesome.
,Recommended,209080,18047809,"Posted: 15 September, 2015",all,XPenguinmarineX,good game with a group of friends
76561198035399595,Recommended,209080,17863173,"Posted: 3 September, 2015",all,Oxyvorax,This game proves that you can have a simple concept and make it really work out nicely. Games are relatively short and the squad based multiplayer can be very satisfying.
76561198069608757,Recommended,209080,17774559,"Posted: 29 August, 2015",all,Larry Linguine [VG],So ♥♥♥♥ing good i love the commication but ive never won a game ever XD
76561198135955561,Recommended,209080,17507584,"Posted: 12 August, 2015",all,htmlmarine,"Where to start with guns of icarus....Pros:EXTREMELY friendly community... the people in this game are so nice and helpful.Noob friendly... easy game to learn, but hard to masterDifferent every time... with nearly unlimited ship customizations every game can be differentcompetetivness... this is one of the few games that can be VERY competetive but still have a good communityCons:small community... sometimes takes long to find a matchsome things aren't very clear... for a noob making their first loadout, it can be overwhelming, but if you ask ingame, someone is sure to helpJust buy the damn game"
76561198002247808,Recommended,209080,7505827,"Posted: 28 October, 2013",all,MichelGonzag,"Jeu au concept assez interessant où le maitre mot est l'esprit d'equipe qualite indispensable pour ce jeu. Sinon l'univers est pas mal, c'est plutot bien fait pour un jeu inde. A essayer..."
,Recommended,209080,17852786,"Posted: 2 September, 2015",all,Sheepleat,Steampunk Airship battles? Aye!
76561198022540292,Recommended,209080,17866306,"Posted: 3 September, 2015",all,Flødeskum?,"I started playing this game roughly three years ago and have made countless long-term friends through it's great community. The game itself is pretty good, although after such a long time I have to admit it's gotten a bit repetative; alliance mode is coming out pretty soon though, so I'm looking forward to getting back into the game again then."
,Recommended,209080,17866600,"Posted: 3 September, 2015",all,Callsign Starbuck,"Gameplay is ferocious enough to satisfy cravings for violence.Deep enough to sustain hours of ""what if"" meta-strategy before and after the battle.Feel the wind in your hair!"
,Recommended,209080,17864444,"Posted: 3 September, 2015",all,iamhand,The most fun in a coop game I have ever had
76561198076532104,Recommended,209080,17864677,"Posted: 3 September, 2015",all,LoneCubone,I love this game i have played every position and all are fun and interesting.
76561198055675148,Recommended,209080,17864935,"Posted: 3 September, 2015",all,ObiwanDS,"A great co-op game, provided that everyone pays attention to their roles."
,Recommended,209080,10316896,"Posted: 1 June, 2014",all,Omniraptor,"Guns of icarus is a game with a simple premise- two teams of 2-4 airships each shoot each other until one team completes the objective- killing a set number of enemy ships or capturing a 'hill'. Each airship is crewed by 4 players, 3 crew and one captain. The details are up to you.Point is, the game is awesome fun. There's nothing quite like the feeling of working together with your friends on a ship, requesting gun arcs, triaging repairs, general chatter in the downtime, and frantic screaming for someone to please help you repair the armor oops too late we died. The community is amazing and well-moderated. The developers are responsive to player feedback, letting you test and discuss the next patch on a separate server. The artwork is beautiful and conveys the aesthetic well.Despite the simple premise, the game has a lot of strategic and tactical depth- do I take the nimble squid or the imposing galleon? Do I pick weapons with close-range killing power or long-range disabling? In combat, do I focus on the engines to let us evade fire, the armor to let us soak damage, or the weapons to kill them before they kill us? There are a lot of strategic options, and while some are more or less viable, the match is mostly decided in execution, not in the selection of strategy. There is a lot to learn and master in the intricacies of gunning, engineering, and especially piloting.Who is the most accurate and well-timed gunner, the most crafty and omnipresent engineer, the most cunning and quick-witted pilot? Only one way to find out..."
76561198085644621,Recommended,209080,17908758,"Posted: 6 September, 2015",all,Spoon,"This game is a great game but after 4 hours it gets a little bad I remember online with my mates, I was on the nose of the ship and I was saying ""AM GONNA JUMP I AM GOING TO DO IT"" then there like ""OMFG NO"" I jump and I hear them saying ""NOOOOO""10/10 best jumping sim reout parsuit sim must buy (when on a sale)"
76561198029382919,Recommended,209080,17909546,"Posted: 6 September, 2015",all,Triple J,Great game!
,Recommended,209080,17927589,"Posted: 7 September, 2015",all,₭Ξ₭,A beautiful game which captures the stunning theme of steampunk harnessing the fantasy of the airship and flying machines. This game is not only packed with fantastic gameplay but the intensity of the theme pulls you from reality into the gorgeous steampunk world.Adventure mode will be hugely successful - shame it is not yet complete!!I'd reccomend this game to most. can't lose with £10.
76561198046749424,Recommended,209080,17929970,"Posted: 7 September, 2015",all,Thiccie Thiccie Thot Thot,"Love this game. Beautiful, scenic, atmospheric, and action-packed. 10/10"
,Recommended,209080,17905060,"Posted: 5 September, 2015",all,Ruchenaro,"This is an amazing game. While the full game is still in development, the devs have shown immense talent and creativity in the content and gameplay of this game. I highly reccomend this game to anyone with a love of teamwork, competition, strategy and especially steampunk themes.Guns of Icarus Online is, first and foremost, a game heavily dependent on teamwork and communication. In a nutshell a team of four players is put on an airship and tasked with grounding all enemy airships by any means necessary. There are three roles: the gunner, who's primary job is to man the ships guns with an arsenal of effective bullet types, the engineer, who runs around the ship whacking components with an array of repair tools to make the airship ship shape, and the pilot, who's job is to control and manouvre the ship to the best of his/her ability and direct the rest of the crew. There are many different ships to fly, each with a different layout, and many different guns to shoot, all with different practicalities.  A large selection of beautiful maps provides an ever-present tone of a world devastated by war between factions and encourages a diverse skill set in strategically blowing your enemy out of the sky or rushing to capture a point. With so many options available and skillsets needed, it is evident that communication between team members to get another ship in firing range or repair the engines to escape a firefight is what drives this game.There are many reasons why this game is worth purchasing, but I will only list my favourite ones. Firstly, there are few things more satisfying than watching the hull of another ship deteriorate as you pound it with explosives; secondly, forming a crew that is organized, communicative and constantly working together almost always leads to success and makes winning that much more fun; thirdly, alhough presently only the competitive gamemode is released, the devs are very close to completing a co-op adventure mode which will feature missions in which advanced enemies such as warplanes and immense boss ships will further encourage teamwork and offer a deeper view into the rich lore of the Guns of Icarus world.To wrap up, Guns of Icarus Online is a fantastic game. It is certainly one of the most enjoyable and creative teamwork-based strategy games available. I highly reccomend this game to anyone willing to try it out."
76561198073789490,Recommended,209080,21336371,"Posted: 20 February, 2016",all,the99threbel,"This Game is a must have if you love steampunk and having fun in a  team based environment. The game has SEA, Europe and American severs and has a very active community with some very nice people. however there are the occasional♥♥♥♥♥H**** who shows up and spams the mic but these are not always common and they can be ignored pretty easily.The game offers  some character  creation however most of it is paid cosmetics  for your character that are made by the community which allows for some really cool designs. The Game environments dont have the best graphics and are normally on really bad up close but the ships are where the Graphics shine and the character models."
76561198047635378,Recommended,209080,21188112,"Posted: 13 February, 2016",all,Ethaerium,"If you can get a solid group together then you can do very well, if not then you will........... lets say........... no longer be a virgin any more.  This is a good game for you if you enjoy significant team play. Do your home work and learn what guns do what, captians can be annal :/"
76561198090073337,Recommended,209080,21290027,"Posted: 17 February, 2016",all,Joe the Bearded,great airship battle system with a pretty friendly community
76561197962393715,Recommended,209080,120182,"Posted: 16 August, 2012",all,Mr.Bando,"I can't believe I sank in so many hours into this game. Despite my recent hiatus when absconding with other games, I find myself coming back. Probably because of my Battlefield vehicular combat background, this game appeals to me. Half the game is spent fighting each other while the other half is spent socializing in the lobby.There are several different ships to fly on, with their own strengths and weaknesses. A variety of weapons to stick in, tho the different damage types and range tend to draw out the usual builds you quickly become familiar with. And the players can choose their class and gear, tho the recommended player roster is 1 pilot, 1 gunner and 2 engineers.The social aspect part of the game is often the most underrated experience where friendships can be found, either in the form of a more experienced player giving useful tips, or inspiring veteran captain who flys you into the fray and pilots your team to victory. Being part of that crew and knowing that your efforts contributed to the victory gives a feeling that isn't found in any other team game. Then there are those who might not be all that good but has a good sense of humor and is fun to have around.That said, you may end up with days where you are sitting on a ship where no one knows what the hell they are doing except the opposing players. The chain is only as strong as its weakest link, this could not be anymore true when one player on the ship can't or won't pull their weight. You'll see veteran players stack onto the same ships where their collective skill and experience turns their ships into death machines. Awe inspiring to be a part of their crew, but not fun to be on the receiving end.Overall, being one of the more affordable games on steam, you get plenty of bang for your buck. Play it enough and you will get those moments, wherever it's a tense close games or a funny moment involving mines and harpoons, I can't think of any other game that would give you such an experience as this"
76561198048326176,Recommended,209080,20243477,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,Krippaify,"Good game, lots of funRequires teamwork to take down the enemyTons of ways to customize your character and shipOnly bad part is that there is not alot of players but the queue times arent long anyways."
,Recommended,209080,21308141,"Posted: 18 February, 2016",all,Groovy,"If you like steampunk, great views, or just badass airship fights then this game is perfect for you"
,Recommended,209080,21307161,"Posted: 18 February, 2016",all,RagsXII,"Great Game. Such a cleaver idea and mechanic.  Team work to keep a single ship in the air, brilliant. Tons of co-ops games out there but this one is unique.. would be amazing with a bit more community and updates. i believe devs n steam could help w both10/10"
76561198101294146,Recommended,209080,21217245,"Posted: 14 February, 2016",all,Dread Cat Roberts,"Amazing game. Requires a lot of communication and teamwork in order to win regularly. Great visuals, astounding soundtrack and sound effects, a blast to play."
76561198161714304,Recommended,209080,21261917,"Posted: 16 February, 2016",all,I'm A Bad,Tipbox is strangely attractive...
,Recommended,209080,21241213,"Posted: 15 February, 2016",all,POTUS,"Had a lot of fun with this game, maybe don't get it now as the player count has nearly dissapeared.Still a good game and unique experience."
76561198135516924,Recommended,209080,21264320,"Posted: 16 February, 2016",all,Tyrone Shoelaces,"Guns of Icarus is a great game in a genre that doesn't exist much anymore.The core gameplay is simple: play with a human, AI, or mixed crew and pilot a steampunk themed airship and take on your enemies. There are 7 ships and 3 classes to choose from, so there's enough diversity in the game to keep you interested. Gamemodes are limited though; there is only ""team deathmatch"" and king of the hill. Nonetheless, either game mode is fun (though most players prefer TDM) and you can play 2v2 to 4v4 matches. It is exponentially more fun to play with friends, but the community, though very small, still mostly cooperates and communicates in game. Additionally, the developers are very involved. Not many games feature events where the Dev team challenges players for prizes.The game is full of fun waiting to be had, and at only 10 dollars it's hard not to find a reason to buy this game. Round up 3 friends and buy this game and go have a blast.P.S. If you are new to the game, the best strategy is to pilot a squid with 3 gunners and set each weapon to mine launcher. Trust me, it works every time."
76561197997137846,Recommended,209080,23858498,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,IronGear,"This game is a hidden gem. It takes the steampunk genre and does it well. If you ever wanted to be an air pirate or fight in an airship battle, here's your chance."
,Recommended,209080,23855969,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,theartsypoe,"Awesome game. Wonderful idea; Steampunk zeppelin fights  Best played with friends but absolutely worth buying. Communication will be needed, either through chat or signals."
,Recommended,209080,23867434,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,BOT Ross,If you and your friends are bored this is a game for you. As a 4 person crew you man a ship attempting to destroy other ships. This game is a blast to play!
,Recommended,209080,23841598,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,Wireless Bread,I cannot review this game. as I am a piece of bread.
,Recommended,209080,23860406,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,Propane Nigga,"This game has something called ""the new player phenomenon"" this♥♥♥♥♥♥s not a phenomenon, your game is 3$"
,Recommended,209080,18865401,"Posted: 3 November, 2015",all,Voxdalian,"Great game, simple to understand but a high skill cap, freedom for creativity and teamwork"
,Recommended,209080,10764681,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,Beef-chan,"Rare.I would say one of the best games for ""Ship vs Ship"" battles. The game is very fun to play, certainly encourages team-work and again, is really one of the only good games of this kind out there. Seems to constantly be under developement and has a relatively friendly community.Worth your money!"
,Recommended,209080,6613949,"Posted: 7 August, 2013",all,bruh,"Real fun. I love piloting since you SHOOT AND KILLLLLLLLLLLLLLWell worth the money you pay, whatever the amount is. Teamwork and guns. Perfect ;)"
,Recommended,209080,17334007,"Posted: 1 August, 2015",all,Heinz,The steampunk look adds to the game and specialization makes for enjoyable team action.This game is focused on teamwork; successful play depends on the strength of your team.
76561198098380347,Recommended,209080,17245271,"Posted: 26 July, 2015",all,=P,The best mmo steampunk game I have ever played.  All it needs is the PvE to be released
76561198029573979,Recommended,209080,17524617,"Posted: 13 August, 2015",all,Alori Luzuri Lathez,"I'd say this game is really good. Its a lot about teamwork and fighting together, so I totally reccomend it for the gamer who is a team player."
,Recommended,209080,17525389,"Posted: 13 August, 2015",all,Russell Stoven,"More fun with friends, but still great on its own."
76561198053386715,Recommended,209080,17567579,"Posted: 16 August, 2015",all,[HOPE]XxShredderRJxX,"This game is extremely good!!! I have a lot of fun with this game with my friends. The only problem with this is that there are very luittle players so matchmaking is hard, hence you guys should BUY THE GAME!!!!"
76561198077412907,Recommended,209080,17574643,"Posted: 16 August, 2015",all,[GL] Selixity,"It is a splendid game to play, I highly recommend to people which might have an interest in airships!"
,Recommended,209080,17557205,"Posted: 15 August, 2015",all,VictoriousOrder,"This game is fun, I enjoy playing it with my friends."
,Recommended,209080,17562341,"Posted: 15 August, 2015",all,Macragge,This is the most fun co-op PVP I've had since the original counterstrike days!
,Recommended,209080,17564360,"Posted: 16 August, 2015",all,RWG DeathMetalDan,"very good game if you have people that want to work together, very bad if you dont"
76561198149992597,Recommended,209080,17512046,"Posted: 12 August, 2015",all,mikedebgrif,I give this game five out of five. But in the next update I ask you to:Add more of everything.Allow everything in the Steam Workshop
76561198195460415,Recommended,209080,17588964,"Posted: 17 August, 2015",all,Ｂｌｅｕ,DIS IS GOOD GAME VERY GOOD GAME COMMUNITY IS VERY FUNNY BUT MAD AT ERRONE ALL IN ALL 9/11 GAME 420/69 WOULD PLAY AGAIN
,Recommended,209080,17589361,"Posted: 17 August, 2015",all,Samioli,Luv et
,Recommended,209080,17782338,"Posted: 29 August, 2015",all,MegamanVolnuttX,Steampunk arial dogfights? 10/10only thing that sucks is the matchmaking system
,Recommended,209080,17805570,"Posted: 30 August, 2015",all,blakez.exe,9.98/10 I WANT 3RD  PERSON CAMERA ROTATION AND A PISTOL IE: LUGER
,Recommended,209080,4099563,"Posted: 10 November, 2012",all,Breadroller♪,"Fast-paced, tactical, and glorious action crammed onto the deck of a steam-powered flying aircraft. All you steampunk/airship lovers: this is the game you're looking for. And even better: once you pay the initial price, there's no more fees. You get all your abilities, ships, weapons, and items (excluding cosmetics) without paying a penny more."
76561198102267995,Recommended,209080,17766741,"Posted: 28 August, 2015",all,Bad Pun,"A Steampunk and somewhat Deiselpunk deathmatch that pits airship versus airship. so far, the gameplay is very meager, but we have been promised quite a bit. An eventual adventure mode and possible clans. So for, th edeath match is what we've got. So far, there's some balancing issues that are yet to be fixed, like the Pyramidion ship, but it's such a promising game that I have to give it some credit. The music alone is amazing, such a great range of ambient tones. The voice acting so far is  a bit thin; I wish I had the equipment and environment to add my skills.Anyways, the gameplay is solid. it is possibly the best airship combat game out there. Of whitch I believe there is nothing matching it. Still, it is in need of some serious love. As it seems that there is too few players that are willing to apply their skill with working in a four-man team upon one ship.Still, this game stands alone, and I will eagerly await seeing all of you in the skies!"
,Recommended,209080,17770736,"Posted: 29 August, 2015",all,Quicksilver,If you get to play with a nice crew  - you love itIf not - you hate it
,Recommended,209080,16805730,"Posted: 30 June, 2015",all,rvpmeh,AMAZING to play with friends
,Recommended,209080,23437408,"Posted: 7 June, 2016",all,ＴＨＥ ＢＡＴＨ,u ned to have frends to plai dis gaem.
,Recommended,209080,23419248,"Posted: 6 June, 2016",all,iMinecraftianz,"OLD REVIEW:I spent 1 USD on a paint for my ships. Thought i'd be able to add it to all (seeing as i spent real money on the item) but NO! could only use it on one ship, so, to see what it looks like a applied it to a standard ship and played it, found it to look cool. Tried to un equip it but I couldnt for some reason. So a though maybe if i applied another paint i will get the first one back.... NOPE! Spent 1 USD on something in-game that i neber used and never can use, basically i just threw it away. Not to mention lack of players, an eternal waiting time combined with little to no explination to how ship or character customisation works.NEW REVIEW: Upon taking to the ratings to not recomend the game, one of the devs (As seen below thank you Keyvias) Responded!The devs care for their game and their community, it may not be 100% explained but atleast they right their wrongs"
76561198069404997,Recommended,209080,23228815,"Posted: 26 May, 2016",all,JJdoodlebutt,iv found this game can be a fun cooperative game that is best played with friends for the best expierience in team work
,Recommended,209080,5952460,"Posted: 23 October, 2012",all,Shadowinsurgent,"Hours of thrilling and chaotic gameplay, A must have. ***** Stars"
76561198016047267,Recommended,209080,23163252,"Posted: 23 May, 2016",all,Dawg,Guns of Icarus is an INSANE game!!! I absolutely love it!
76561198119391510,Recommended,209080,23409924,"Posted: 5 June, 2016",all,HughMungusQuaff,"When a game is this good, I can't not leave a review. The fact that there is actually a necessity for teamwork is the best part, because there are so many games that encourage a lone wolf approach. I hope people keep buying this so that there is a larger base of players! There are a few super high level players who are pretty toxic but the general population is fun to play with."
,Recommended,209080,23351252,"Posted: 2 June, 2016",all,Kuxi LFT.,"Great game! Recommend it to anyone who enjoys a game that almost completely requires team play, very well made game and i would like more people to buy this game it is really great, but the down side is that only 500 ish people play (thats the most i have seen)."
,Recommended,209080,23351291,"Posted: 2 June, 2016",all,CSGO 700 hours,its on sale 3.39 i  bought at regular price T_T
76561198131782672,Recommended,209080,23403947,"Posted: 5 June, 2016",all,tom.caink,This game is AMAZING it takes a lot of cooperation and if great if you get a group together to play
76561198134767530,Recommended,209080,23398298,"Posted: 5 June, 2016",all,ColeHD13,"Extremely fun, only steampunk game I've played and probably the best one out there, teamwork is key, playing with your friends brings out the best experience of game 10/10 would get this game!"
,Recommended,209080,23401491,"Posted: 5 June, 2016",all,Ｍｅｌｉｓｓａ,You can find a game 24/7Awesome game 5/5I forced my girlfriend to download it too because it's too damn fun!
,Recommended,209080,23527722,"Posted: 12 June, 2016",all,AidanHPK,"This, my friend, is by far a great game. The graphics are pretty good, and the teamwork involved in this game is amazing. YOu mostly use microphones to talk with your crew. It's helpful by letting you know where the enemies are, when to shoot, should you shoot, what to fix to be strategical, and by far it is amazing. I only have 21 hours on it. I started out with about 6 a couple of days ago. By far, this game is amazing. I'm looking foward to the new DLC and what comes with it. The strategy is amazing, and I recomended. Great for playing with friends."
,Recommended,209080,23938052,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,Spooky Pacifist,"Absolutely one of my favorite games.Tons of character and ship customization, friendly community, fun gameplay, awesome with friends!"
,Recommended,209080,23995750,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,Ken2046,nice game
,Recommended,209080,23969623,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,Fargate,"I consider myself a rather new player to the game and think my insights on many matters are still off the point, thus I'll not waste much of your time talking about the game too in-depth.What I will do is tell you how much fun I find this game to be! Not only is the battle itself a thrilling experience and a true bout of tactics, wits and skill, the fight begins already in the ship and crew loadouts. Simple can be effective, but several harder to aim guns provide their own take on combat which is something I personally have a bias towards. Bringing the correct type of ammo may also save you from death or net you those kills you thought you'd miss. Maybe the Burst rounds in the Hwacha barely managed to disable those crucial few guns thanks to the added AoE?The teamwork of the four person crew plays it's own part and then there is the teamwork of the captains who keep the assault of the whole team intact. And the people I've met this game have been so nice! Of course there are exceptions, but thus far nobody has been complaining about my skills (or lack of them). When everybody knows their place and function, you truly perform your best, and that is a rewarding feeling.All in all, I wholeheartedly recommend the experience! See you in the skies!"
,Recommended,209080,5492150,"Posted: 18 January, 2013",all,</PAIN\> rAALph SiC,Everything you love about airship battles! Crew your ship or Captain one. Class and team based. Achievements. Multiple game modes. DO IT!!!!!!!!!!!
76561198064260554,Recommended,209080,7995719,"Posted: 10 December, 2013",all,Lurdif,Guns of Icarus is a really fun game that mixes intense gun fights with flying aircrafts.Higly recomend it!
,Recommended,209080,8032850,"Posted: 13 December, 2013",all,Doctor Samurai,A great game...its just too bad that the community is tiny.
,Recommended,209080,8036006,"Posted: 13 December, 2013",all,Here Comes Everybody,"You'll need a solid team of four to wholly enjoy this game, and when you do, every battle is worth the money you spent on the game.At least, until your captain starts using moonshine."
76561198019242608,Recommended,209080,8042559,"Posted: 14 December, 2013",all,Alaula,Great to play with friends:D
76561198081314207,Recommended,209080,10217470,"Posted: 24 May, 2014",all,BozzaH,This game was on sale at £5.75 so i thought i would buy the 4pack for me and my friends we love it i have only played about 10 matchs but i already am hooked in to the world of Guns Of Icarus online. every one communicates and helps so if you like to be social Buy this now or if you like tatical games you will love this 10/10
,Recommended,209080,10202092,"Posted: 22 May, 2014",all,The_Crimson_Buttflap,"Top hats and goggles aghast! It has been made aware to my attention, the copious amounts of splendor one could endeavor to achieve, while pursuing such a clever and adventurous attraction! Guns of Icarus is high-flying, gun-toting, steampunk airship-to-airship battle royale! Dare yourself to man the guns and unleash a cannonade of catastrophe! Or perhaps to take the role of an engineer and keep your ship afloat and your guns blazing! Maybe your the navigating type and would prefer to man the helm and steer your crew to victory? On either of these occaisions, you shant be missing the glory as you take to the skies, battle your enemies and do so in the most gentlemanly of fashions, when you unleash the Guns of Icarus!"
76561198120869885,Recommended,209080,10202303,"Posted: 22 May, 2014",all,Nuptup,"Amazing, the graphics are incredible, the community is helpful and the music is just beautiful"
,Recommended,209080,10202469,"Posted: 22 May, 2014",all,Director Daneil,"i would like to say I NERDED OUT WITH THIS GAME! now with that out of my systom lets talk pros and cons. pros, the gameplay is the team play EVER, the ships are nicly ballinced and most are easy to use, and customizeable chariters and ships ad that bit of unkown to the next match. cons, money yes i know but hear me out, i spent 2 dollers on a outfit, now if it was $0.50 then i would have no probles there, so ya only the price of outfits. another big problem i have with the game is the leveling systom, i feel its useless and just there it bugs me a small bit, so overall i luved this game, BUT its not for everyone out there, if yo enjoy working to gether trying to keep a steampunk airship from becomeing hundreds of tiny peices, its for you if not, try somthing else, my final verduct for guns of icoris online, is 8 out of 10, with angry joe's BADASS seal of apruval. thanks for reading."
,Recommended,209080,10202683,"Posted: 22 May, 2014",all,Red Loup,"This game is so much fun and amazing to play! It may have some small glitchs, but it is so much fun!"
,Recommended,209080,10203043,"Posted: 22 May, 2014",all,large daddy,badass
76561198071168754,Recommended,209080,10203658,"Posted: 22 May, 2014",all,speedyw7,Guns of Icarus is an awsome game.
,Recommended,209080,10205361,"Posted: 23 May, 2014",all,Draylon,"It takes a while to get into, but once you achieve that satisfaction of victory, it makes you want more.Main key to victory? Talk to each other and communicate, its best if you have a Mic, after all ""Silent lips sink ships."""
,Recommended,209080,10205562,"Posted: 23 May, 2014",all,kahvel mille otsas on kartul,"The game is made so good, no lag what so ever, and overall its epic when played with friends.i recommend this game to anyone who like steampunk or just wants something to play with friends."
,Recommended,209080,10206339,"Posted: 23 May, 2014",all,Touratou123,This game does worth it if you have friends to play with....6/10 without friends8/10 with friendsHave fun with this game
76561198033326986,Recommended,209080,10206459,"Posted: 23 May, 2014",all,andreas_9292,This is  a yes and no... This game is a role play COOP fighter! You'll need your real life friends to play with you or a stable clan or smthng! I which have no friends playing and have no clan found the game too repetative and boring after 2-3 days!! That doesnt mean that i dont like it! ... I just cant feel the role playing by myself! Hope the review helps! This is an awesome game and the scenary is STUNNING! :) I hope to see you onboard! :)
76561198045316180,Recommended,209080,10206681,"Posted: 23 May, 2014",all,Lychee Man,"Guns of Icarus was a very enjoyable experience for my friends and I. The only problem I have with this game currently is the lag. Living in Australia, the Oceana and Asia servers are quite laggy. I've experienced randomly teleporting from place to place on the ship, as well as other ships suddenly being in a different location."
,Recommended,209080,10221481,"Posted: 24 May, 2014",all,Mr.Brown,Amazing game and very intense. I would recomend them game to anyone who likes to battle ships in air.
,Recommended,209080,10222380,"Posted: 24 May, 2014",all,Jimmi33,This is one of the best coop games I have played in a LOONG time. I will recommend it to everyone that wants something fun to play with friends.
,Recommended,209080,10222564,"Posted: 24 May, 2014",all,Shadow,"This game could be incredible. Its still lacking. But I hear great things are coming. 7.5 out of 10! Would totally recommend,"
76561198094441476,Recommended,209080,14130414,"Posted: 23 January, 2015",all,Johny Tudler,HELL YEAH
,Recommended,209080,13534504,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,Corvane,"So long as you have a premade group and there is actually ppl to play against, it is super fun :O"
76561198006599896,Recommended,209080,13537703,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,{FCB} Ninja Fraz,"She was on my mind, Dixie Love... I woke up that morning, Eager to test out my newly aquired Goldfish Class-light Zepplin, Dixie Love, I called her, a beautiful name for a beautiful flying lady. We took down many a rebel together, Flying as my crew struck them at the very bowels of their creation, all the While keeping Dixie soaring atop the sun soaked heavens. Many a night passed, sailing the warm breeze above the desert before we scoped him in the distance, that monsterous flying beast, bristling with guns, spewing shadows from whence it came.Dixie trembled, ""Don't worry, my dear."" I told her, ""No harm will come of you."" At that moment, a screaming rocket came whirtling towards us, I bank heavily to the right but it was a moment to late, she was stuck in the portside engine, she splurted struggling to stay above the turbulent clouds. Another rocket, just missed us, I shreiked, lost altitude as quickly as I lost hope and stayed beneath the sand dunes hiding as we quickly repaired poor Dixie. portside engine barely back in action, my team and I agree'd it was time to slay that sky shattering beast... The Bone Collector.We found our way up behind him, ""3.. 2.. 1.. DIRECT HIT!"" screamed, Lionel, the engineer. Dixie rammed that winged demon whilst letting her ammunition feuled rage loose into that beast, out sized and outgunned, it didn't matter.Dixie Love was our beautiful angel once again... we continued towards the promised treasured the skies were holding for us.Such a good game, it gets you all choked up and stuff when you and your team do a job well done, that story was actually a dramatization of actualy events while playing Guns of Icarus: Online.Match ended at 3-2, gained rank 4. very pleased with myself and my Team. <310/10 will tell another story. :D"
76561198048637958,Recommended,209080,13538675,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,gwailo1223,named my ship biggest knob and flew around ramming people while my gunner raged at me for not giving him a good line of sight.10/10 like skyrim in the air-IGN
,Recommended,209080,13538825,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,Enoxaparin,"For anyone who wants a fun game to play with friends, this is definitely it. The pinnacle of what teamwork in a game should feel like."
76561198055231372,Recommended,209080,13434805,"Posted: 18 December, 2014",all,Amazing,"A fun game, great for those who like team games. There is a little something in there for everyone. Coperation is importaint , the game keeps it fun if not repeitive at time. It sure is fun to cruise the the air in shis and slug it out like we are on a pirat ship."
,Recommended,209080,6394479,"Posted: 11 August, 2012",all,ByteSizeNudist,"It's only in beta right now, but the community so far is very friendly and open to newcomers. It''s a great game if you have the patience for it and I can see it becoming a classic in the future."
76561198042243844,Recommended,209080,4828613,"Posted: 30 May, 2013",all,PKMNTrainerRed,"Online, Multiplayer, Steampunk, Zeppelin, Warfare."
,Recommended,209080,13596665,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,SooFluffy,This is a lot of fun when playing with friends.  Kinda sucks solo
76561198108743170,Recommended,209080,8487304,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,CaptainSnugly,"This game is awesome. This my favourite game, it's unique I've never had so much fun playing a video game. Great to play with your friends. I use it to settle deals against my brother. We both have a ship and we just one man it t'ill one of us dies. So far I haven't found any proplems. Fun game worth buying it. You will not regret, it truly is a unique experience."
,Recommended,209080,13582097,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,circumcised minority,"Looking For?:•Steampunk•Flying Ships•Guns, Cannons, and FlamethrowersWell, you came to the the right game, lots of active players and great community! Definitely recommended to all players who wants a fresh start on video games. :)"
,Recommended,209080,13582404,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,Pink Panther,"Guns of Icarus is a quirky steampunk team-oriented FPS where crew of 4 players in flying airships duel for control of the skies. The gameplay is fun, well balanced, and experimention is extremely rewarding. A good assembly of attentive crew-members, team communication, and utilization of your ship's equipment mean the difference between life and death.As a game, I have nothing negative to say about it. It is enjoyable, the community is sincere, and the satisfaction of collaborating with other captains to win 16vs16 games is hard to beat.More DLC (dubbed, ""Adventure Mode"") is promised in 2015, which I look forward to. The current number of ships, maps, guns, and customizability options is adequate but can become overly familiar after 30 hours.The game usually goes on sale for very cheap prices during Summer or Winter sales, so plopping down $10 to support this steampunk gem with three friends is a very worthwhile investment.Only drawback to the game currently is it's lack of players and maps. Deathmatch is predominantly the most popular game type, and it can take anywhere between 5 and 15 minutes to get an 8vs8 game setup. Despite these, Guns of Icarus is good fun and worthwhile."
76561198125943019,Recommended,209080,16858983,"Posted: 3 July, 2015",all,MUNK3YB0Y0,"Overall a fun game to play with friends, or to make some new ones. Its easy to get the hang of and the community is pretty nice.Pros+ Good Community+ Original+ Easy Controls+ Requires Team Work & Communication+ Cash Shop is for character looks ONLY. It provides 0 [Zero] in game advantages.Cons- Small (population wise)"
,Recommended,209080,12366240,"Posted: 4 October, 2014",all,bradgillap,"This is a lot of fun if you can get a few friends together. The pace of fighting and strategy is well ballanced and the community who plays doesn't take it overly serious . I haven't had so much fun playing with friends since left4dead. It's a little sparse on maps and content but the customization is there and updated often.Each character class wears thin after a bit causing you to switch it up. In some games this would be a bad thing but rather than everyone fighting for the chance to pilot you get comments like "" Hey anyone else want to fly this time?"" which is a lot nicer.Your friends have probably never considered playing it. For any sort of success in enjoying this I wouldn't buy anything less than the 4 pack. The most difficult part is getting everyone on to play at the same time."
,Recommended,209080,16233132,"Posted: 6 June, 2015",all,CanadianHacker,"If you are the type that likes steampunk, awesome games, video games, dying and dying again, having people get mad at you and you laugh then.... GET THIS GAME!"
,Recommended,209080,7227069,"Posted: 16 June, 2013",all,Garudamon,"Holy Crap I love this game! A truly unique game with an emphasis on teamwork. There are a few framerate issues, but other than that, this is one fun co-op game!Join my crew now! 9/10"
,Recommended,209080,16220380,"Posted: 6 June, 2015",all,✪ - BlameZach,Amazing!
76561198113429118,Recommended,209080,16221912,"Posted: 6 June, 2015",all,Jeff,"Fantastic warship game that has a reasonable price and the only in game transactions are ones that edit your looks not skills. No reason to hate it, unless you hate working with people as you will meet a lot of people, some you like and some not."
,Recommended,209080,16282156,"Posted: 9 June, 2015",all,Mr Observer,great game for friends looking for some fun tornaments
76561198157883153,Recommended,209080,16282993,"Posted: 9 June, 2015",all,Cs_Luis,This game is one of the most amazing games i have ever played you can be the captain on a mighty flying ship having your gunners blast down the enemysthe controls are pretty easy to get used to and fit well with the gameoverall i really love this game and recomend it to everyone
,Recommended,209080,13479871,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,GRoXERs,"If you like strategy, teamwork, zeppelins blowing each other out of the sky and your day being ruined by a random engineer on your ship sitting on a gun when everything's on fire and OH GOD THE ENGINES, this game might be for you.Spoiler:Everyone likes these things, buy this game right now and READ THE MANUAL BEFORE YOU PLAY so that you're not that engineer"
,Recommended,209080,13513647,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,Boo Boo The Former Dwarf,"I was wanting this game for a little while, and finally durring the 2014 Steam Sale, I got it. And to my excitement my friend got it with me. My only regret is not getting this game sooner. It is wonderful, just wonderful. Very heavy team based game. Each class levels up apart from each other. And when you are assigned to a team and you all are in sync with each other, the feeling of dominating over your foes is incredible. I would highly recommend this game to anyone (even though at the time of this review, I have only 7ish hours on record)."
,Recommended,209080,13514763,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,[49th]Cristnogol,I just picked this up on the Winter Sale and it was worth it competely (not like it was expensive anyways). I would recommend getting the game with a friend because this is a very team based game. Absolutely worth getting!
76561198054552016,Recommended,209080,13514840,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,A Wooly Mammer,"Awesome game, good community for the most part. There is no ""OP"" weapons you can get. I love it, but when i play it will randomly crash:'("
,Recommended,209080,13515832,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,╬WarPanda╬,i forgot what the outside world looks like :D
76561198008708090,Recommended,209080,13517130,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,Kurondrion,Really great game even more fun with 3 friends and voice chat. Bonus points if you RP saying the right terms like Port and Starbord. Has great mechanics and overall really fun gameplay.
,Recommended,209080,13089241,"Posted: 26 November, 2014",all,Hyldin,"Multiplayer vehicular combat handled in a way that is many, many ol' timey years beyond what others have done."
,Recommended,209080,13342284,"Posted: 13 December, 2014",all,Rumlo,It's a very fun game. Teamwork is more than mildly useful. It is good. You should buy it.
,Recommended,209080,13412982,"Posted: 16 December, 2014",all,Zethorias,"Its super fun and takes a ton of strategy and teamwork, amazing game!"
76561198037504456,Recommended,209080,4459657,"Posted: 5 September, 2013",all,Shazam,its fun and very teamwork reliant
,Recommended,209080,13793444,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,CallMeRooster,"+The atmosphere and setting are quite nice, and the implementation of the gunner and piloting mechanics are spot on. I found it just as much fun to just fly the ship around as it was to jump from station to station trying to gun down the enemy ships.+This game is best when played with a full crew of four friends. Not many games can give you the kind of satisfaction that Guns of Icarus gives you when you and your friends work as a single unit to dominate the enemy team. Everyone has their place, and each place requires a skill that can really let your strengths shine through.-However, the difficulty really ramps up after you graduate from novice status. Every game I played after reaching the open matchmaking was dominated by flame throwers. It seemed like every match became less about epic airship battles, and more about surrounding one ship with flame throwers until  it went down.I recommend, but with a word of caution to be prepared for a completely different meta once you are out of the novice matchmaking. Although, your experience may vary."
,Recommended,209080,13799914,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,laChlan,ITS AMAZING
,Recommended,209080,13787669,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,trikuxabi,"One of the best online games I've ever played, at first it seems a bit slow, but once you get used to it the battles are epic. Great for playing with friends, cooperating and having fun."
76561198061603752,Not Recommended,209080,13753473,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,Solinar Thevandra,when I was younger I obsessed over zepplins and imagined great worlds filled with dirigibles duking it out accross the skies. When I first saw this game I was very excited. It was the only game that really brought zepplin combat to life. Unfortunately  it did not live up to expectations. It was small and certainly overpriced. Though the arial element to the combat was novel at first it quicly became old and boring. Sadly it did not meet expectations (3/10)
,Recommended,209080,13754665,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,[FLOT] Frawley6,"Got this game 2 years after it came out, and i love it! Watching the enemy ship just crumble infront of you is just so satisfying! If they added like boarding battles it would be fun but i dont think they will, also itd be very hard to balance. I would love to see something like this but mixed with ftl."
76561198110872232,Recommended,209080,13520764,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,DIGI7-A,"One of the most hectic games I have played in a while... communication is key to survival. There will be moments where you will be in complete awe of what just happened. It is so much fun and it even works on my laptop with the graphics lowered down... this game, to put it lightly, is awesome. And nothing is going to change my mind... 10/10It has very interesting designs for ships and limitations and bonuses to each one. The community for the most part is friendly enough, but it is the internet so you are bound to find one match up with horrible people but it is mostly the people in a clan. Clans are a useful way of keeping track of friends and getting match ups together but I have not used it yet so I have no further content. 8/10The maps are brilliantly made with lots of variations in each map. I think the only drawback is that there are not that many, but that is not a problem for me as you mostly spend your time scrambling about in your airship and hoping that you don't crash. 9/10Finally, the mechanics for the game are pretty much perfect to the 't'. You have to choose the best combination for the match and find what best fits you. What others find very useful, you might find rubbish. 8/10Final Score: 35/40 (BEYOND GREAT!)"
,Recommended,209080,13737933,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,Fake,It needs so much teamwork and you need to be carefull sometimes you get in a very balanced team but sometimes it gives you newbies so you have to be sure you have communication with your team its important
76561197992671580,Recommended,209080,13738288,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,Pooka,"#Overview:You and 3 other strangers are on a balloon in the sky with a bunch of guns fighting ships that may have a game plan. You will be running around trying to put your balloon out when it catches fire and spending 75% of the fight repairing your ship. But that other 25% of ariel combat is some of the most kickass fun I've had with random people.#The bad:Sometimes the game will randomly crash on you if you have it on max settings. I managed to fix it by just turning everything down.Communication with other ships is rough. Mainly because they don't feel like communicating.**You cannot jump off your ship and hijack another ship.**#The good:If you have a mic communication with your ship is smooth and actually really fun.It's steampunk pirates,and that's pretty awesome.Loads of customization.Flying game that, as long as you aren't pilot, requires no flying skill.TEAMWORK!"
,Recommended,209080,13738916,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,Grizzard,"Hope you have a team with you, or you're gonna sink. Sorta."
76561198117168886,Recommended,209080,13741045,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,heroguanlet,"This game is very team oriented and that is great.  I love games where people lead as a team.  Instead of solo play run and gun.  But like every game their is always those things you have ot be picky on.  First off,  their is only 2-3 types of game mods and most of the matches are pretty similar in style.  So it is very repetative.    Teamwork is important, if you don't communicate,  you can't type you have to speak and say which enemy you want to taget, so manditory Mic.   Also pilots gotta know what they are doing.  They have the decide how to take the ship out.The game is fun but you definitly need a mic, and can't be ranting on things.  If you can get that you are good"
76561198153838347,Recommended,209080,16934035,"Posted: 7 July, 2015",all,bobtaco,dont get this game it doesnt work.new review= turns out is was a problem with the download make sure to buy this game.
,Recommended,209080,17260885,"Posted: 27 July, 2015",all,bill,Cool steampunk aerial combat game.Only complaint is the sound engine: surround sound doesn't work/exist. Bugs the♥♥♥♥♥♥out of me.8.5/10
,Recommended,209080,17261474,"Posted: 27 July, 2015",all,crystalmethwhy,i ♥♥♥♥ing love it when i fully repair the ♥♥♥♥ing hull but then it starts to burn anyways :))))))
,Recommended,209080,17272660,"Posted: 28 July, 2015",all,roflcowpter,I tip my fedora to thee air pirate yarr harr harr!Gave me ball cancer 3/14159265
76561198054682321,Recommended,209080,17273492,"Posted: 28 July, 2015",all,Biohazzard1602,"I enjoyed this game immensely! I recommend playing with a full crew of friends to get the most fun from this game. If not, a headset is highly recommended and makes communication of a random team easier to pull off and execute daring manuevers during high speed, explosion filled, gunship combat!"
76561198132606085,Recommended,209080,17248859,"Posted: 27 July, 2015",all,evmacgregor,"Awesome game with good mechanics and one of the best communites. Mad even better by the fact you don't have to have a high end or gaming computer, runs prefectly on my several years old Samsung lap top."
,Recommended,209080,17253791,"Posted: 27 July, 2015",all,FifthyRawr,"System Requirements are deceiving, should include a ""Friends"" requirement. 10/10 anyway."
,Recommended,209080,17283722,"Posted: 29 July, 2015",all,Daved,YAAAAAAAAAAARRRRRRR
76561198015513315,Recommended,209080,2987086,"Posted: 28 March, 2013",all,ВИТАЛЮХА,♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥но посаны
,Not Recommended,209080,17014704,"Posted: 12 July, 2015",all,Mal,Its not bad.  I am just butt-hurt of the fact  I can't be a steampunk pirate by boarding other team's ships and quickscope kids...
76561198142870520,Not Recommended,209080,17088974,"Posted: 17 July, 2015",all,hopelesness9,This is definetly a game to play with your friends but if none of your friends have this game it is bad. Also not many people play this game so it can take a long time to make a match. Also it lags a bit in game. I bought this game in a sale so i didnt pay the full price but if its not in a sale dont buy. However it is quite satisfying when you destroy an enemy ship.
,Recommended,209080,17111242,"Posted: 18 July, 2015",all,Old Roy,"THIS is what co-op Team versus Team should be!  Not overly complicated to bury the fun, not silly and arcade-like to scare off the RP'ers, just right for all.  Now:  please do your job!  Fix that HULL!  Put that fire out!  BROADSIDE - PORT!  Port!  PORT!  Dive!  DIVE DIVE!   FINISH HIM OFF!Yeah.  It's that good."
,Recommended,209080,11670403,"Posted: 11 August, 2014",all,Nurgle,"They added matchmaking while I wasn't looking, so my main problem with the game is gone. Get this while it's cheap, it's fun!You can slam-ram through the enemy ships! Hit the moonshine! Scream ""DAMN SON, YOU JUST GOT HIT WITH THE WOW EFFECT!"" as The Wow Effect destroys their ship with its ramming prow!"
76561198121203445,Recommended,209080,17191136,"Posted: 23 July, 2015",all,AskireDoubleSwords,It is a great game that takes time and strategy for those who are patient and strategic. AMAZING WITH FRIENDS!
,Recommended,209080,17195266,"Posted: 23 July, 2015",all,ViThor,"two wordsGUNS and Shipsthere havent been alot of people playing this *excluding youtubersdue to the fact it feels like it is under the radarbut when you play at the right time the game is blooming with peoplewhile you can either be a gunner , engineer, or even the designated ship leaderyou need upmost cooperation by use of microphones and every class is importantwithout it you wont get that far in enjoying the gameas for the community  it aint half bad so far except for the fact if you start playing a game then a player leaves then ofc thats the MOBA thing thenwhile leveling is good which gives you refined class skill when leveling up your main problem is you play with high level players when you start online but it also gives you experience which can be a plus or not depending on youoverall i give it a 7.5/10and  i highly suggest you bug other people to buy this game and play together to get the experience"
,Recommended,209080,17218343,"Posted: 25 July, 2015",all,MaGiKarP Lv.<3,"Guns of Icarus Online is an epic online multiplayer battle in the skies. Even without friends this game takes teamwork to a new level. Finding a crew if your all alone is easy, having a crew made up of friends is outstanding. Sadly there is no single player, but if you love flying, shooting big guns, or pirates this is the game for you.Great game ++"
,Recommended,209080,16774410,"Posted: 28 June, 2015",all,You like owls?,"Its fun, but I couldnt get into it."
,Recommended,209080,17051842,"Posted: 14 July, 2015",all,AV Archivist,Really fun. I hope these guys do a space combat game in the exact same concept.The game is hella polished and all three roles are very enjoyable. There is a bit of a learning curve but that's to be expected for a game like that and it adds to the overall experience.
,Recommended,209080,17064107,"Posted: 15 July, 2015",all,Monolisk,fantastic team based game
,Recommended,209080,17017906,"Posted: 12 July, 2015",all,Superior Potato™,"Great game, just be sure to give it a chance. I find myself enjoying m,yself no matter the outcome of the matches. I thoroughly enjoy running around repairing the ship, screaming at the captain for damaging the engines i just repaired, because he is not fast enough.Overall. Good fun!!!"
,Recommended,209080,18069095,"Posted: 17 September, 2015",all,Troton,Great game! Felt like Captian Jack Sparrow the whole time!! Just wish I could of found the treasure
,Recommended,209080,18079811,"Posted: 17 September, 2015",all,[TRU] - 13rodie -,overwhelmingly amazing!
,Recommended,209080,18051684,"Posted: 15 September, 2015",all,kirbyintron,"If you have atleast three other friends that already own it, buy. If you don't have three other friends that already own it, buy the four pack. If you don't have any friends, too bad."
,Recommended,209080,4397226,"Posted: 6 May, 2013",all,Typhoon,I recomend this game to anyone who likes a good team game. The meta score (66) given to this game dose not do it justice. Its more of a 80+ to be honest. Its so refreshing to find a game so fun. :)
,Recommended,209080,17416330,"Posted: 6 August, 2015",all,Huntermist,One of the best ship battle sim running to engins for repairs intences battles and the best comminty out there its so nicethis game is just soo good and with adventur mode coming out this game has a bright path
,Recommended,209080,17418719,"Posted: 6 August, 2015",all,thatguylew,"I abolutely love this style of gameplay, with shipbuilding, cooperation with teammates and being a good pilot to be effective with your ships layout. It's all just great, and with the steampunk theme and the ability to be a gunner and just blast your enemies out of the skies is wonderful.I only have one complaint, which is, I wish that you could opt to go into battle with an ai crew, like you choose to use an ai crew and not have to worry about finding a crew in the matchmaker and jst get straight to the action. The moderately small player base can cause some wait times when you're trying to be a captain."
,Recommended,209080,16914443,"Posted: 6 July, 2015",all,CCOWTB,fun but gets boring quick
,Recommended,209080,16918481,"Posted: 6 July, 2015",all,Bearcaholic,"Fire Simulator 2k15.The scout from TF2 would be screaming ""FIYA"" EndlesslyThis game is FREAKING Amazing.12/10"
76561198131538729,Recommended,209080,16883960,"Posted: 4 July, 2015",all,DatKoi,gud
,Recommended,209080,16887076,"Posted: 4 July, 2015",all,YOMAMASOFAT,"this game is♥♥♥♥♥♥♥awesome, the concept is very interesting and fun to play"
,Recommended,209080,17393730,"Posted: 4 August, 2015",all,Dynoriffic,Whew this game if you have some friends to play with (because finding compitant teams is impossible) but nether aless airship battles
76561198158719565,Recommended,209080,17394039,"Posted: 4 August, 2015",all,P3nut,This is a game i puut down for a wile than pick up aggen and get realy addctid and wonder why i put it downrench hitting sim 10/10
,Recommended,209080,17396245,"Posted: 5 August, 2015",all,Romelio86,"This game is great, but its even better when you have a group of people that communicate and listen to one another. Once you get into experienced matches teamwork is a MUST! Definately worth it to buy."
,Recommended,209080,17402059,"Posted: 5 August, 2015",all,North Paladin,Lobbies of Icarus. Jk but is an amazing game even more if play with friends.
76561198057603544,Recommended,209080,17406807,"Posted: 5 August, 2015",all,Red Panda!™,"The game is pretty straight forward- work with your crew/ team to completely blow up the enemy/ win an objective. The community is genuinely really friendly and we could really use more players! :DGreat core gameplay and atmosphere that combine to make a simply great game! I love the steampunk feel and the design is really good. I love the soundtrack- it really fits the style of a great, adventurous, epic steampunk world- adding to the feel of the game; and also makes me think of Disney's Atlantis- which was kinda steampunk itself.The different ships are really creative and add interesting tactics to every match- every ship has strenghts and weaknesses! And there is no one ship that is better- I'd say this game is VERY balanced and new players can pick it up pretty quickly.3 roles:Gunner- just need to aim good and occasionally help the engineers repair.Engineer- repair stuff by whacking it!- a bit more stressful - especially in the middle of a blitzing fight.Pilot/ Captain- Much more skill required as you need to know strenghts of your ship and position well according to them.Team work is essential but like I said- the community is really friendly!!! The maps are fun- I like the desert maps best.Lots of features in the gameplay/ menu that add a lot more to the game, but are not that difficult to learn.Awesome game! Simple, fun, and a great design, feel and community! I really recommend this game!"
76561198132999850,Recommended,209080,17614196,"Posted: 19 August, 2015",all,Dectator,"9/10Pros-You get class choices-Graphics-Simple but skillfull at the same time-Easy to learn how to play-Beautiful ships and equipment-Good Steampunkish theme, reminded me of the much hated by myself Musketeers film-Great SoundCons-Novice Servers are hard to get on-Purchasing clothes and ship themes are quite expensive."
76561198160446941,Recommended,209080,17697941,"Posted: 24 August, 2015",all,ZeroLogic,"A game based on tactics, team work, and t.....something else starting with TIn all seriousness this game was a great one for me.  It's an fps, however it's not.  Instead of firing a personal weapon (hand-held or equiped by you) you have to trust your captains judgment and use the canons they provide you.I found my last T, trust"
,Recommended,209080,17704691,"Posted: 24 August, 2015",all,Heart-Throb Hyena,
76561197987378892,Recommended,209080,17687251,"Posted: 23 August, 2015",all,Tiwaz,"Im not really a wall of text person, which is why i make this short. This is a great coop game that can even be enjoyed by playing it with randoms. At the beginning you and your friends will run arround and panic because no one knows what he is doing, but after some games you will get the hang of it. This game has more depth than you may think by looking at it, which makes it fun for quite some time.If you like coop games and this looks appealing, get it. If not and you are just bored, which is why your reading through random reviews... still get it and you wont be bored anymore!"
76561198116313552,Recommended,209080,17692492,"Posted: 24 August, 2015",all,Deantomfoolery,Dont get this game unless you have a mic and plan on having teamwork. there is nothing less satisfying than losing because you have one guy running around like a chicken with his head cut off because he doesnt get whats going on and has never played the game before. overall this game is insanely good. I love the amazing steam punk themes and the overall performance is great :).
76561198048596681,Recommended,209080,17974534,"Posted: 10 September, 2015",all,Akinla,Well worth taking a look at. Whats not to love about Airship combat with friends.
76561198103218884,Recommended,209080,17974915,"Posted: 10 September, 2015",all,Teaco,"I love this game.  I've played for a while now and I have never seen any other game that focuses on teamwork and coordination the way this one does.  Although there are low player counts, there is a great community and awesome devs who care about their players.  My one warning is that it has a little bit of a learning curve and can be difficult to pick up alone.  For the most fun definitely jump on with a few buddies and take to the skies."
76561198083848552,Not Recommended,209080,13603466,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,Fartnado,"You will get bad time playing if you don't have any friends that want to play with you.But if you have 4 man crew you will enjoy it, game is awesome.4 people on zeppelin.2 zeppelins vs 2 zeppelins.Steampunk.No P2W model, the only things you can buy are cosmetic items that you can get while leveling.After reaching 8lvl you can do anything you will with your ships, higher lvl don't means better weapons.Edit:Dead game. 2000 players at best when the devs are doing event when you can get items from shop, normally its like 200-300."
,Recommended,209080,5159060,"Posted: 8 August, 2013",all,Turk,gurd game i will ram you
,Recommended,209080,17964362,"Posted: 9 September, 2015",all,malloc(),"Note: My hours played is higher as I played outside of this account a few times.Do you want to play a team-based spaceship sim? Do you want to repair a balloon with a hammer? Are you looking for an excuse to yell at your friends over voice in a fake Victorian accent? Then this is the game for you.Shooting is a bit clunky to start with, but the learning curve is like 2 hours, so it's not a big deal. Flying is similar. The game is really just amazing straightforward fun after you get through the required ""play a bit to unlock the game"" multiplayer games do rather than having a tutorial. I have to be honest: I haven't played in a bit, so there are some new features and game modes I can't really speak to, but honestly straight up deathmatch (1v1 or 2v2) is a blast. One of my all-time favorites."
,Recommended,209080,17964491,"Posted: 9 September, 2015",all,l33tnads Mcfloppyanus,"Great game, very few like it, fun and replayability"
76561198054386712,Recommended,209080,17962540,"Posted: 9 September, 2015",all,[G@TP] Mrpielord,where the ♥♥♥♥ is kid icarus this is bull♥♥♥♥♥♥ still fun as♥♥♥♥♥♥though
76561198044082547,Recommended,209080,17950423,"Posted: 8 September, 2015",all,Nielsen Brothers LLC,"This game has put teamwork and battling in so well.  You get to fly around in a weaponized blimp, of course it will be good!  Everyone has an important job to do, and communacation will only make everyones job better.  The weapons are so good, the ships can be diverse, and the maps are amazing!  Also, my friend has a laptop and can play this beautifull game."
76561197962702523,Recommended,209080,17959085,"Posted: 9 September, 2015",all,V-ro,Guns of Icarus is one of the more innovative games I've seen out there.  If you like steampunk and ever dreamed of flying manning and fighting via an Airship in a post apoc steampunk world then this is the game for you.Requires a lot of player communication and some foresight because you are basically having nautical battles in the air.
,Recommended,209080,17959370,"Posted: 9 September, 2015",all,Conrad Von Hötzendorf,*verry Nice*
,Recommended,209080,17957437,"Posted: 9 September, 2015",all,Tomi,Awesome game!
,Recommended,209080,17952988,"Posted: 8 September, 2015",all,Breaddy,"Great and amazingly fun game when you're playing with friends over VoIP. But playing with randoms is a trip, and not a good one at that.Get your buddies together, do the thing. Seriously, try it.Unless you're a loner. Don't try it. This is not for you."
,Recommended,209080,17978506,"Posted: 10 September, 2015",all,Bloodthirsty Potato,"1st Game: Played on Dunes, PilotGot into sandstormHad no idea what the hell a sandstorm wasShip went downTeam yelled at me2nd Game: Played on Dunes, EngineerMy pilot thought hiding in sandstorms was a gud ideaShip went downTeam yelled at me for not fixing hull3rd Game: Played on Dunes, GunnerLvl 1 pilots still dont know what storms areShip went downTeam yelled at me because they thought enemies shot us down and I didn't shoot back10/10 Would die a gritty, sandy death again"
76561198084593736,Recommended,209080,18002567,"Posted: 12 September, 2015",all,UnderbossNico,"Now I can't say I'm the most experienced player of Guns of Icarus Online. My highest level character is only rank 10 in engineer. But despite that I've played a good share of games and matches to say that it is an enjoyable and fun experience. Though not without some minor issues.I enjoy the game-play for the most part. Unlike some other multiplayer platforms where it's direct contact with enemy players and teams, you focus more on destroying enemy ships or taking flags. I find this refreshing as sometimes dealing with other players directly gives way to frustration. For some people to the point of getting angry or calling ""HAX"" and having the ensuing swears that follow. But here, you rarely see your enemy combatants. I've only seen enemy players in extreme cases where our ships were mere feet apart. But even then, both parties are mainly focused on repairing their ship or shooting the other one down. I like this because it keeps you on the larger task at hand. With ship v ship combat its less frustrating because you never have to deal with personal skill versus another but more group and crew comparability with another crew. A good crew can make or break your ship. Which is more cooperation I've had in a game in a long time.The variety of ships are great, each having their own merits and design. Some ships I find great to fly in. While other's I steer clear of. But it's always nice to have a choice. Especially as there are now themes, decals, colors, and figureheads to customize your crews ship further. Some players/crews can really manage to bring out the strengths of certain ships. Especially if they work together in building it like me and my friends do. Another aspect of team work, that is outside of combat that I like.Character customization is also fun. The designs are a Steampunk nature that I really enjoy as a fan of steampunk And outfits and colors are relatively cheap in the store. The most expensive item I think I've ever purchased was $5. And while it can be viewed as micro transactions its a good little way to support the devs and their game. Especially since you can still unlock some clothing and accessories through leveling.That said I still think it would be nice for the developers to incorporate some kind of gifting system into the store. It'd would be nice to be able to give gifts to friends less fortunate or for birthdays and the like. I myself wanted to give the captain of the ship I play on a bi-corn hat. (proper wear for any leader) but it was difficult to do. I had to basically go to the devs themselves and ask. Which they were happy to do and I'm grateful they did.Of course there is talk that the developers will try and incorporate a gifting system after they launch their DLC since most of their time and focus is set on that.The population of the game is sadly not to high though. At most I think I've seen about 450 people on in one day. Which to me is tragic as the game really deserves a lot more love then it's getting. but, at the same time the people that do play it. Seem to stick with it. Still I feel it should get more then it's getting as of right now.With that, I say Guns of Icarus Online is a fun game and worth looking into. It's good wholesome fun. Not frustrating to play, very exciting in tough and close call matches and great to build ships, crews and clans with.9/10 - Not perfect but worth looking into if you enjoy airships and battles in the sky."
,Recommended,209080,18066069,"Posted: 16 September, 2015",all,Dabid,Always a blast to play with friends using good communication and coordination.
76561198027248853,Recommended,209080,18065505,"Posted: 16 September, 2015",all,misbehavinghalibut,"Good game, but with the new tip box, 10/10"
76561198009340608,Recommended,209080,18065609,"Posted: 16 September, 2015",all,Aaron Of Yell,Incredible. Team work and a competent Captain are essential!
,Recommended,209080,14525244,"Posted: 17 February, 2015",all,Deathsmirk22,i had to light my own deck to keep my nips warm in some of the maps but over all i will be flying againwould buy good investment
,Recommended,209080,14525559,"Posted: 17 February, 2015",all,-Miracle,nice game
76561198116648738,Recommended,209080,14531732,"Posted: 18 February, 2015",all,Velocity,No READ----------GO GET
,Recommended,209080,1520164,"Posted: 23 November, 2012",all,*Noobstar*,great game makes me feel like im playing final fantasy ship wars really fun!
76561197972345186,Recommended,209080,14637512,"Posted: 24 February, 2015",all,|LKenny| Darry,"Great game, especially for the price! Crew a ship with your friends (highly recommended!) or the AI (not so much, except for Gunner, might be better with the latest patch on Feb 24, haven't tried yet)."
,Recommended,209080,12714197,"Posted: 31 October, 2014",all,Totally Not Stalin,"Captain: ""We won! Good Job Crew!""Me: ""How?! We had constant flak and flame from all sides!""Captain: ""Engineers Son... Engineers.""""I can't even"" simulator 2k1410/10"
76561198170210691,Recommended,209080,14641094,"Posted: 24 February, 2015",all,Jawa526,"An amazing game, buy it now!"
76561198095924054,Recommended,209080,14641131,"Posted: 24 February, 2015",all,FusionJay,"Fun for the right price!!!!!!!Got the game for $3 which provided plenty of hours of competitive fun. I wish the creator kept adding maps,weapons,ships etc...(DLC which I would of payed for)  The only fun portion of the game is shooting and flying. The engineer class gets boring real quick and thats one of the main issue I have with this game as well with the lack of content but still a fun game."
76561197976453807,Recommended,209080,14669127,"Posted: 26 February, 2015",all,Blackbeard,"Great co-op game with a huge focus on teamwork to win. I rarely see this done at all, and it's a delight to actually see it executed well. The joy of blowing up an enemy airship by working with teammates is second only to the sheer panic of keeping your own airship alive while under fire. Win or lose, it's a good time."
76561198100434243,Recommended,209080,14462327,"Posted: 14 February, 2015",all,Disappointed Father,"THE CONS: I haven't been able to play this game more than I would've liked to, simply because it's not as immersive as I had wished. You'll often be put in matches with people far beyond your level, either in your team or the enemy's. < ALL OF THAT is due to the fact that it has a very small playerbase.I love the game, its concept and how it runs, but some game elements need to be rebalanced. There isn't many rewards or unlockables offered to the player, and it feels like it's a game you've already beaten once you pass the Novice matchmaking. It also feels generally restrictive: close to no character customization, pay-to-obtain outfits, pay-to-obtain ship customizations, and your arsenal in general feels limited compared to the higher-level players you often get matched up against. This really hurts the player's interest, and it's a game most will pick up to play for several hours, only to leave it in their Steam Library to collect dust.___________________________________________THE PROS:It's easy for the gunners if you're smart enough to move to the gun you can/need to use: they operate your ship's weaponry and have the most ammo types at their disposal to best adapt to the situation at hand. Some weapons will damage armor more, others will destroy the engines, the hull or the balloon more easily. You won't sink anything if you don't use the proper weapon for the proper job, and will get sunk instead.It gets more tricky for engineers, who repair every part of the ship; every part has an essential role for the proper propulsion/turning/elevation of the ship. This makes GoI very unique. Mechanics jump on the guns to aid the gunners when there is no fixing to do, but they're the ones in charge of keeping the ship alive. If they don't do their job properly, you'll sink quickly.Pilots are the players who control the ship; there is one per vessel. They have items at their disposal such as smoke screens, chute vents, moonshine, etc that allows them to escape more easily, descend/ascend/turn/accelerate faster, etc. It's the most difficult role and it definitely takes practice, but without a proper pilot, even the best gunners and engineers won't be of any use.Players face off in either objective control matches or team deathmatch. The presence of clouds on the maps allows pilots to move around the enemy stealthfully and escape when damaged to give mechanics time to repair. Teamwork is essential to survive and take down enemy ships more quickly. There is great ship and weapon variety, but some are unbalanced and need to be revisited by the dev's. If you plan on playing with friends, you'll have a blast, and the cons won't appear as handicapping when you can coordinate with friends properly and create the ideal ship for what you're up against.____________________VERDICT: Playing with friends is very fun and it can make the game something you'll keep playing for a while, whereas solo play feels far less immersive and will cause you to stop playing after a given time. A lot to do in-game, but lack of balance and diversity (in some fields). Being matched against higher level players will more than often screw your team over and result in a loss for you. Stages allow you to flank, escape, and ambush enemies fairly easily if your pilot is smart enough to use the terrain to his advantage, and if your gunners aren't dumb enough to open fire while you're hiding in a cloud. PLAY WITH FRIENDS: YES (up to 8 people in total is possible and is most fun. You'd have 2 ships, 4 people per ship). PLAY WITHOUT FRIENDS: NO"
76561198058767113,Recommended,209080,14465483,"Posted: 14 February, 2015",all,MachoMan,"Great game, creates intesnse moments when playing with friends...only gripe is that sometimes the balancing is off but what can you do about a game with only 400 players on at a time"
,Recommended,209080,14468337,"Posted: 14 February, 2015",all,pyrowned,"great game! I thought it looked cool and decided to give it a try and now I'm hooked.  Strategy is key, as is team work.  I would argue that this gameactually encourages and rewards team work more than any other game that I have ever played, including LOL.  The community is by far the best community I have ever had the pleasure to play with.  Sure there is the occasional rage quitter, but other than that the community is great and I have made many friends playing this game.  It is even better when you are playing with friends its by far one of the best online games I have ever played to date."
76561197990322996,Recommended,209080,14469247,"Posted: 14 February, 2015",all,KainX,"There are more than 100 games in my library, this is the one I play the most."
76561198048915008,Recommended,209080,14469488,"Posted: 14 February, 2015",all,Red_Herring,"One of the most unique games I have seen, not many other games with quite this combat system, a very good game which only needs more players to become brilliant."
76561198033796350,Recommended,209080,14493761,"Posted: 15 February, 2015",all,Lucid,Very fun and refreshing gameplay! Lovin it.
,Recommended,209080,14495620,"Posted: 16 February, 2015",all,Mr. Mish,Bloody Good Fun Ol'Chap
76561197982662935,Recommended,209080,14496324,"Posted: 16 February, 2015",all,Mike Rotch,First day 5.7 hours polayed.Funnest game I've played in a long time.Don't hesitate at the current price!Buy the four pack and get your friends in on the fun!
,Recommended,209080,14585633,"Posted: 21 February, 2015",all,JVKCDQ,This is really good game. Simple and complex. Simple by its gameplay but complex by the strategies and thinking needed.
,Recommended,209080,14596048,"Posted: 22 February, 2015",all,ayayron,"great game, doesn't get old.definitely worth the money."
76561198134083598,Recommended,209080,14599606,"Posted: 22 February, 2015",all,TheGnomeCatcher,I enjoy the game so far. I play on the highest graphics and it looks awesome.  Would like to see more ships in the future here.  I still think the ones you have now are awesome tho. Im going to try and get all my firends to start playing so i can get a crew going :)
,Recommended,209080,17747831,"Posted: 27 August, 2015",all,ren,"Guns of Icarus is one of my favorite games for many reasons,1. I named all my ships Shia Labeouf and whenever I join a lobby they all sing the Actual Canibbal song with me.2. If you find the right crew who decides to stick around with you, and you win a lot of matches in a row, you'll have lots of fun3.The graphics are gr84. Not a lot of people play it, but everyone is nice and give good advice5. I love piloting the ships, I am rank 18. People say Im a good mic-less pilot.6.I just love it so much.The only thing I hate about this game is the AI's and some of the people who play the game and the ones who don't even concentrate on what they're supposed to be doing."
76561198051000497,Not Recommended,209080,18054530,"Posted: 16 September, 2015",all,Penguin,Just don't
,Recommended,209080,18147167,"Posted: 22 September, 2015",all,NovemberRaider,Very atmospheric gameplayEasy controls and UITactical and changing
,Recommended,209080,18100691,"Posted: 19 September, 2015",all,Angelic,do it
,Recommended,209080,13631177,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,Jaskip,Mod told me I couldn't say weiner 10/10 would weiner again.
,Recommended,209080,11152210,"Posted: 9 July, 2014",all,ReV,"Guns of Icarus is a highly underrated game throwing a team of 4 players (or AI if any are missing) into a steampunk era were ships have an array of powder power to fire at enemies. As a team, you can choose from a unique selection of ships that each hvae their own strengths and weaknesses. Through coordination and team effort, everyone pitches in to repair the ship, spot enemies, blow up those spotted enemies, and help others in whatever task is prioritized at hand.9.5/10A really fun game that has not recieved the attention it deserves, it has both wonderful graphics and great team effort gameplay, all set in wonderfully unique 3D maps. The ships look great, customizing weapons is a joy, it just holds that level of care developers have when they really care for their game. When I first got the game it was quite buggy, but still fun. After numerous updates however that quickly changed, the game was more polished and streamline; it added to the already fantastic experiance I had with this gameEvery single element in this game is wonderfully executed, and the graphics are pleasing to the eyes. There are still a number of bugs in the game that need to be addressed, and i'm not sure when they are going to be. One other problem I have is that team selection can be slower than frozen molasses, it just grinds to a halt. Common un-spoken etiquette is to switch teams if there is an unbalance, but it takes ages for people to join again if they leave. If there was a system were instead of creating public games there was a pre-set number of games provided by the devs that you could automatically join with friends, that would be great. Creating private games should still be included though, since some people just want to play with friends. If this issue is addressed my rating would go up by 1/2 a point."
76561197999254721,Recommended,209080,13622937,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,HeadRipper™,"Pretty Awesome game, last time i played since today was the closed alpha, now there is customisation about everything and matchmaking is awesome, 6-8 crews with bots filling the empty spots. huge map and nice graphics"
,Recommended,209080,13650219,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,Mr.Cloner,"The trailers for the game do not give it justice, the game did not look that fantasic at first. However, upon buying the game it had some of the best moments in game for me. I recommend you get friends to play with and enjoy a hectic battle in the sky. There is enough fun to keep interested and continue playing for a long while to come, esepcally at the sale price. I highly recommend this game and buying a 4 pack for you and 3 buddies. 9/10"
,Recommended,209080,13606930,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,definitely slayer,"This game is beautiful. It really is. The blazing guns, the captains and the community, the music (god the music is so good), and if you have a good enough computer, the graphics are great too. Supports steam workshop, gives you cards, and not pay-to-win unlike almost most games out there.It would be much better if the people actually understood english and listened to the captain's orders. Every time I come across a person, he never follows my orders, runs around the ship doing nothing. Even worse, that person probably doesn't even understand english. He just sits there, not understanding anything the captain orders.God I love the community. But I hate some of the people inside it. That's the only problem in this game, and everything else about it is beautiful.I r8 8 out of 8."
,Recommended,209080,13601958,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,FILTHY GOY,"Do you like steampunk or ever wanted be a captain of a ship? Or do you simply want a heavy team based game with three unique editable classes. Then this game is a must. The matchmaking is much better than it use to be, and the (purely cosmetic) in-game store for the game is extremley cheap priced compared to TF2 or CSGO.ARRM8TY/10"
76561197970648866,Recommended,209080,13643665,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,LT-Kernel,"As far as games about flying pirate ships go, this one is the best."
,Recommended,209080,13600578,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,thatguy_,"Great co-op/competitive game.If you like steampunk this game is for you.You and 3 other players are in charge of stearing a ship, keeping it in good repair and shooting down other ships. Can get hectic and stressful but in a fun way!"
,Recommended,209080,13601650,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,Spiffy!,"Great game with online play, I must say that is is much more fun to play with friends rather than strangers, but the game is good reguardless."
,Recommended,209080,13913451,"Posted: 9 January, 2015",all,[UmbrA] circasomnia,"A very unique experience, leaving you wishing for more but at the same time filling a void you didn't know existed. Worth every penny."
,Recommended,209080,13868691,"Posted: 6 January, 2015",all,Da Warboss,"Steampunk airships where you have to work as a team to control, gun and repair the thing in deathmatch combat :D its awesome!!"
,Recommended,209080,13869128,"Posted: 6 January, 2015",all,Luctins,"a Fun teamwork game, A BIT laggy, but my pc s not good at all"
,Recommended,209080,13873123,"Posted: 6 January, 2015",all,Donzo,"The metacritic score is DEAD WRONG! I have had this game now for about 4 or 5 days. In that time I also purchased other games. This game has been so addictive and fun, I love every second of it. The game is as shown: you as the player are on a team of 4 players total given the task of flying and battling with an airship of your captain's choice. You can choose to be either the captain at the helm, a gunner wielding all sorts of ammo types, or an engineer with many tools to choose from to help keep the ship in the air. There are 8 total ships right now, each with their own loadout possibilities. Maybe you want a small, quick ship with short range weapons to speed up close to an enemy and light them up, or maybe you prefer a solid, slow ship with 6 weapon slots all set to long range to sit back and support the other ships on your team. Maybe you decide to say ""screw those suggestions, i'm equpping all flamethrowers and torching these ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s!"" Whatever the case may be, you can choose any loadout you like. The game also has a beginner tutorial that is very brief but thorough, and the game automatically places you in ""Novice"" games until you hit level 8 in any class. These games only allow certain ships to be used, each with a SET loadout so new players can get a feel for the guns and how the ships operate specifically. The community is absolutely amazing! I cannot begin to express my gratitude for the great community. Each game i find a good crew, I am allowed to stick with that crew and in the 4 days I've had this game, i already have over 40 other players that I can easily form a crew with if I am captain. The only downside I have with the game is in regards to the amount of players online during late hours. When I play into 2 or 3am, there is approximately 400 players on at a time. While this doesnt hinder finding a game in my opinion, it does show that the community, while great as it is, is slowly dying. However, that being said, when the developer does update the game through patches, each update is rather large and full of content. The higher level players have told me that during those times, the community is abuzz with players as a result. All in all, this game is great. It has many different areas to explore in terms of the gameplay itself. It is NOT pay to win at all, but the in game store does offer some cool cosmetics for your player and ship. Word to the wise, the ship themes are cool, but 6 dollars to put some scontches and a purple flags up isn't really worth it in my opinion.11/10 - Seriously worth it. Would buy again. Though if matched in a game with a galleon thats full hwacha's and players that can actually aim them, good luck."
,Recommended,209080,13860157,"Posted: 5 January, 2015",all,phrute,"10/10They most definitely gave her all she's got, Captain!"
76561198042317404,Recommended,209080,15909473,"Posted: 19 May, 2015",all,DubWubby,"Terribly fun, especially with a full team of friends on voice comms."
76561198067191987,Recommended,209080,15910547,"Posted: 19 May, 2015",all,Creeperking31,Yes i Love this Game can be tricky at first ButI love this freaking game.Honestly wish i saw it sooner4 players3 classesGunnerMechanicPilotcharactar and ship customizationwhen everyone cominicates thats when the team works
,Recommended,209080,15910598,"Posted: 19 May, 2015",all,乃ムㄥㄥ  爪ㄖㄩ丂乇,"i think this game is one of the most under-appreciated game on steam - with no BS DLC or pay2win, one of the more demanding teamwork based games that truly deserves more recognition....PLUS pack of 4 is cheaper than other buy options, sharing is caring..."
,Recommended,209080,10810150,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,Valtari,"Super fun game, buy it while it's on sale."
,Recommended,209080,15911908,"Posted: 20 May, 2015",all,GangsterGranny,so my ship hit a small pole and my ship wrecked 10/10 (not even sorry for bad eng)
76561198024949975,Recommended,209080,15911941,"Posted: 20 May, 2015",all,Dinami,"This game is great! I highly reccomend a microphone on this game, because communication is the key to victory. Typing just doesn't quite cut it. Once you find that group that you get along great with, you are set! Definetly get this game and if you have a group of friends to play with, why haven't you bought it yet!?"
76561198106831782,Recommended,209080,15912254,"Posted: 20 May, 2015",all,Lemon,"This game deserves so much more attention than it has. It offers incredibly fun, rewarding, and unique gameplay that I can't get enough of."
,Recommended,209080,15916813,"Posted: 20 May, 2015",all,Nerdy Gamer14,THIS GAME IS AMAZING!!!!!! I got this game as a four pack for me and three of my friends. I do not regret this decision. Best decision of my lyfe 10/10- My heart
,Recommended,209080,15917118,"Posted: 20 May, 2015",all,Fat Owls,i played 1 game and i already LOVE IT.
76561198045583477,Recommended,209080,15917759,"Posted: 20 May, 2015",all,Sovereign,"There is basically nothing negative I can say for this game. It is unique, complex, beautifully presented, and most of all, incredibly fun. The developers seem to keep a good eye on the game and dish out updates regularly, the matchmaking is fair and well executed, the microtransactions are all purely cosmetic and often dirt cheap.Grab this game while it's dirt cheap. Hell, grab a quad pack, whoever you give it to will owe you for life."
,Recommended,209080,15917949,"Posted: 20 May, 2015",all,azazeldeath,"First off I have to say I haven't had a lot of game play on this game yet. But I can say I have never encountered such outstanding customer service before.Unlike most developers the team (in this case Matthew) they actually helped resolve a crashing to desktop issue. Whereas most would happily blame it on updates, hardware or the user he took the time to rectify the problem and help me fix it.10/10 in customer service and game play I have seen so far easily puts it at 9/10"
,Recommended,209080,15918059,"Posted: 20 May, 2015",all,Big Blob OneV,"Guns of Icarus... This is a prime example of an underrated gem, it is one of the few multiplayer games that actually REALLY forces you to rely on your team mates/crew.It is set in a steampunk universe, where people fight over scrap in giant zeppelins.There are 3 classes:Gunner: Self-explanatory...Engineer: A repairman... Self-explanatory aginPilot:.... I think you can figure this one out.All classes can do anything in the game, but each class has more ""stuff"" or equipment for their specified speciality (EG. pilots are always the best pilots etc etc.)If youre looking for a great multiplayer game, this is a pretty good one.(PS: Playing with friends is recommended, although the community is pretty damn good, the devs are also really cool people)"
76561198080175262,Recommended,209080,15918308,"Posted: 20 May, 2015",all,Da Swank Tank,I love the feel of the game. Every gun has their own range of motion and range of fire. The ships all have their strength and weaknesses and their own play style. If you decide to play this game i recommend that you play with the ships and presets (then individual guns) to find what you like before flying into battle!
,Recommended,209080,15919110,"Posted: 20 May, 2015",all,Z4KKD,10/10 Pirates in the sky
,Recommended,209080,15919292,"Posted: 20 May, 2015",all,minecraftaddgame,"great game,fair price , nothing more can be said"
,Recommended,209080,15992748,"Posted: 24 May, 2015",all,SaxtotheMax3524,"Best game and runs super smooth. Love the graphics and the gameplay 11/10However, there is a major problem. There will be a Logging in screen and it will continue to fail to login for some reason and the internet connection is great and every other game works perfectly, it needs to be fixed."
76561198056039727,Recommended,209080,15993295,"Posted: 24 May, 2015",all,Brownie,"Cool game for teamwork battleships, kinda don't care for all the steampunk though."
76561198047818217,Recommended,209080,15993550,"Posted: 24 May, 2015",all,The Chemical King,"Put on your top hat and fancy goggles, it's time for some battle blimps.BATTLE.BLIMPS.This game is awesome. Co-op teams of four frantically run about an airship steering, shooting stuff, and applying the principles of percussive maintenance.Gameplay alternates between calm and frantic, and rewards communication and coordination (and like any shooter, a steady mouse hand). The varied ships and weapons all are different enough to feel distinct and carve out their niche, and the character and ship customization strikes a good balance between simplicity and complexity. To wit: the learning curve is fairly easy, but there's still a satisfying amount of customization and depth of strategy.Controls were intuitive for the most part (though chat/social functions were mapped in an odd spot). Playing as gunner or engineer will feel much like playing an FPS game; steering the airship as captain takes some getting used to, but is very straightforward.Graphics are solid, but not spectacular (the game is a couple years old at this point). The level of detail for the airships is pretty high, smoke and dust clouds obscure vision appropriately, explosions and sound effects are satisfying, and the maps are varied and for the most part look great.There's a clear focus on the post-apocalyptic/steampunk aesthetic, and by my judgment it's working. The music, scale of the airships and weapons, and pace of the battles lend an epic feel. Satisfying. Did I mention vanity character customization? Airships too.Generally speaking, the game is a hilarious good time even (especially?) when you go down in flames. Highly recommended."
,Recommended,209080,15994158,"Posted: 24 May, 2015",all,Drizzy Drake,Work as a team to take the other teams balloons.MUST GET!!!
76561198049363601,Recommended,209080,15995684,"Posted: 25 May, 2015",all,Mr.Bushido90,"I will easily say that with a good team, or even just a friendly team, makes this better then any of the AAA games I've played in awhile. its also the first unity game I've seen that looks amazing! The soundtrack is also quite good, when you can listen to it. Most the time your sucked into the moment, it there that you can almost lose yourself in the game and feel the wind on your face as your ship flies threw the air.Word of warning though, get a head set and mic, it makes the experience so much better. It does not need to be one of those pricey gamer ones, just a cheap $20 does fine and it makes all the difference. This is a game about teamwork. If you cannot communicate then you will die...a lot.Would I recommend this? Hell Yes!"
,Recommended,209080,5042027,"Posted: 10 September, 2012",all,travazf,Beta is fun but the game is not that popular!
,Recommended,209080,13460559,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,BeltedYapper,Airplanes n stuff.
76561198108495861,Not Recommended,209080,13460753,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,Professor_Inferno,"Its Ok , Its repetitive and only really fun if you play with people you know and are skyping at the same time."
76561198026732372,Recommended,209080,13460793,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,SleepyJedi,This is a fun game built around teamwork and navalish combat 7/10 when the rest of the game is finished up it could gain another point
,Recommended,209080,13463849,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,Lil Mig,Definitely much better than the metacritic score makes it look. Good gameplay and atmosphere. It's pretty much what you'd expect it to be in a good way. Good amount of players at the moment so finding a game isn't really a problem.
76561198063234908,Recommended,209080,13465256,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,The Sheriff of Paddy's,"This game definitely deserves more than attention. Very team-based, but not impossible with PUGs. Like Airships? Like Steam Punk? Like Battle? Then stop asking questions and buy this game. The devs deserve some love for this. It's damn good."
,Recommended,209080,8937210,"Posted: 1 February, 2014",all,Sol,This game is brilliant fun if you gather three friends to come along with you. The battles are fun and remedy that co-op itch. I love being the Captain and bossing people around. Which I do. A lot. I'm respected and feared in equal measure and my sailing is Legendary amongst pilots. Long story short - you should get this game and play with friends.
76561198084360360,Recommended,209080,13465470,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,NSIMS,"Lots of fun, Better with friends."
,Recommended,209080,13466310,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,Tallballz,Really fun game.
,Recommended,209080,13466466,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,[InG] Boxxy,THATS A VERY ♥♥♥♥ING CRAZY GAME! I LOVE IT AND I HOPE YOU GET A GOOD CAPTAIN
,Recommended,209080,13549013,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,TheBuckSergeant,Fun game to play with friend its require lots of comunication and strategy to win there are teams of 5 persons in wich 1 captain the floating boat and the other can be gunners and engineers. the point of the game its to destroy the enemy 5 times to win.  I am runing the game under ubuntu 14.04.1 LTS and its working very well
,Recommended,209080,13556300,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,TornadoCSA,"Great Game for a cheap price. Quality is a bit lacking, but it makes up for in the adventure fo figting like pirates in the skies."
,Recommended,209080,14270577,"Posted: 31 January, 2015",all,jarfil,"Best cloud simulator ever!!!Lets you fly in, out, through, above, below... you name it. Clouds. Clouds everywhere.Features dust clouds. Also tar clouds. You can shoot flares into clouds. Clouds sometimes hide rocks. You can't fly through rocks, but that's part of the fun! Avoid the rocks, make other people fly into rocks. Or mines. Don't fly into your own mines, in clouds. Mines go boom... so beautiful!Don't shoot flares into clouds, that hide your mines. Let it be a surprise... wrapped in clouds. Now you see me, now you don't, I'm in a cloud. No, that's a rock. Bam! That was a mine, in a cloud. A tar cloud. Now I'm behind you, and I'm shooting flares at you. Now you're dead. Clouds!Also fire, did I mention fire? You can set stuff (on ships) on fire. While flying through clouds. So many clouds! Fire is like clouds, burning clouds. Clouds don't catch fire. So sad. Ships do, balloons do, engines do, guns do too. Until they burn out and pop. Into a dust cloud. Can you repair it? Not in a dust cloud. Wait for it to pass. But don't wait too long, or I'll turn you into a cloud!Do you see me? I'm on the other side of that cloud, waiting to shoot a fire cloud. But maybe your allies can see me. Or not. You talk to them before I turn them into a cloud. Then I hide in a cloud. Did I mention this game has clouds...?So yeah, for all your cloud needs, you should already be playing this game. With clouds. And friends, in clouds. Or make new clouds, or friends. The community is full of people cool as a cloud. Or you can turn them into a cloud... before they hide in a cloud!"
76561198100517696,Recommended,209080,14273085,"Posted: 31 January, 2015",all,aregulargamer1,"Played with many different crews and ships and lost all the time.... served on a squid with all flamethrowers, never lost a match. 10/10- flamethrowers OP"
76561198016027725,Recommended,209080,9143107,"Posted: 16 February, 2014",all,The_Wolf,"The most team game i have ever played.You can talk throw mic. and order all of your crew what to do, better team game than any MOBA game. The money worth it + realy experienced play this game (95% + of the players) so don't worry about not communicating, it won't happen."
,Recommended,209080,9211864,"Posted: 21 February, 2014",all,Koriami,Great game. Can play it for hours and still not be bored of it. I highly recommend it.
,Recommended,209080,9212618,"Posted: 21 February, 2014",all,PiPPiN,OMG THIS IS AMASING!!! Well Worth Every Penny!
,Recommended,209080,9214986,"Posted: 21 February, 2014",all,teddy268,A GREAT HEAVLY TEAM BASED GAME WERE LEVEL MEANS NOTHING
,Recommended,209080,9216242,"Posted: 22 February, 2014",all,God's Perfect Idiot,"Very fun and action-packed, it's like you're in an actual action movie! A great team game that requires communication and skill, worth every penny!"
76561197972297311,Recommended,209080,9218099,"Posted: 22 February, 2014",all,gddanimations,"I have been interested in this game for a long time, but worried it would not live up to the expectations I had for what it was.  Now that I have played it, I wish I would have gotten it sooner.  Voice chat is something I typically don't partake in with any other game, but when you are playing and chatting the ship really comes alive.  It becomes immediately clear which ships are communicating and which ones are not.  When you face of with another crew that is communicating, battles become these chaotic messes as everyone scrambles to do  their job and keep the guns going and the ship aloft.  Best of all, unlike other shooters it's not about one person pulling the team to victory.  This game is all or nothing either everyone is doing a their job, or the ship is destined to fail from the start.  I can't wait to see what else this team has planned for their expansion coming up."
,Recommended,209080,9227078,"Posted: 22 February, 2014",all,Guardian2112,"Fun game, i got it on sale. At the start the game is quite fun although it can get bland after awhile. Would still reccomend it, its very fun and is a good way to pass time. The game is quite team based with voice chat, and you will need to be coordinated with your teammates to earn victory. The game still keeps on getting updated so it will most likely have more features in the future. At this moment i would give it a 8/10"
76561198059036142,Recommended,209080,8951251,"Posted: 2 February, 2014",all,Benediction,"Fantastic game, tons of fun and worth every penny"
76561198041738244,Recommended,209080,8952246,"Posted: 2 February, 2014",all,Meat Sweats,godamn this game is so good. all my friends need it!. Hunblebundle store has it for 3.99 right now!
,Recommended,209080,7596584,"Posted: 7 November, 2013",all,LTPanzer,"I simply love this game. It's a refreshing change from the normal FPS of today. The Airship and Player customization makes each Ship and it's crew special. This game requires serious teamwork so I recommend playing with friends if possible, it makes the gaming experience great. From running gun to gun as a Gunner,  slamming your hammer against the hull as an Engineer and even grabbing the wheel as the Captain this game has something for everyone. I strongly recommend this game to all!"
,Recommended,209080,9028166,"Posted: 8 February, 2014",all,Heretical Scum,"I enjoyed myself very much in this game (that was until I repeatedly got DC). Unfortunetly for me playing from Australia with its terrible intenet connection, could not play for longer than 1 minute at a time (I might be exagerating, I'm really not sure) beacuse most of the custom servers originate from America and Europe giving me a ping of atleast 300. Overall this is a really fun and enjoyable game to play, especially with your friends."
76561198053896124,Recommended,209080,9188572,"Posted: 19 February, 2014",all,SHARDZ86,"Great game, epic airship battles in a steampunk & dieselpunk themed world.If you like steampunk, airships and teamwork-based games, then this game is for you!"
,Recommended,209080,9188678,"Posted: 19 February, 2014",all,Wickyy,This game is amazing!
76561198082717630,Recommended,209080,9188743,"Posted: 19 February, 2014",all,RomanColossus,"This is a great game! Fly around an shot other teams out the the sky. All while flying a steampunk style aircraft! You think it would sound easy, but sometimes it's far from it!"
76561198123184675,Recommended,209080,9189209,"Posted: 19 February, 2014",all,Radnauv4,Great game
,Recommended,209080,9175381,"Posted: 18 February, 2014",all,OatHead (10r0),"this game is a lot of fun. steampunk, teamwork, PvP. take to the skies in an airship as the pilot, gunner, or engineer. as you increase in level you get cooler things to wear, but the semi-lack of levels is part of thefun. just focus on playing. the achievements make you want to play in certain ways to get each one, and encourage you to try new things to get achievements. this keeps the gameplay fresh. nothing better than finding a good team that meshes well together in the lobby and wrecking the enemy with a well-coordinated assault.even though there are only three classes, there are a lot of things you can do with each class and little ways that they overlap that makes what you bring to combat important, both in terms of what class you are and what actual items you carry on you.there is a good variety of different types of ship, and different weapon loadouts you can bring along. this keeps gameplay interesting, and your achievements will make you want to try different things to get the experience.the graphics are beautiful in the sort of dusty way that best captures steampunk.this game is definitely worth your money, and i would like to see what these devs can do with more financial support."
,Recommended,209080,7189676,"Posted: 24 August, 2013",all,Type Definition,A fantastic game with a very unique game-play!
,Recommended,209080,7351907,"Posted: 10 October, 2013",all,"Empire Poppin, Rebels Droppin",Amazing co-op gameplay. Great graphics. Awesome steampunk atmosphere.
,Recommended,209080,7455755,"Posted: 23 October, 2013",all,Obviously Dracula,"Imagine a calm sunny day on the beach, relaxing, enjoying a cold drink. Then, imagine 2-4 airships simultaneously trying to jam themselves up your ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ - thats Guns of Icarus Online.At the moment, Guns of Icarus Online is a teamwork oriented game in which 4 people - aboard an airship - attempt to collaberate with each other, prioritze attacks and repairs, and win out against the enemy team.The game is only a year old and the developers have 'big plans' for its future, including adventure mode, which is suppose to make the game's environment more interesting mostly. They manage to release neat updates nearly every month but adventure mode isn't expected until mid-to-late 2014.Guns of Icarus Online features superb quality in the departments of lighting, atmosphere, character customization, model details, and teamwork-oriented combat but strikingly, the game suffers from a tragicly small player base - usually never surpassing 100 concurrent players.Great things could be coming from Guns of Icarus Online in the future. Definitely worth the purchase. BUY IT."
,Recommended,209080,1114853,"Posted: 17 July, 2013",all,Othello,"Really awesome game and is perfect for any part of friends. This game is super relaxed in it's own way. Although you're constantly under pressure, there isn't much you have to worry about other than communicating with your crew members. The gameplay is very interesting and fun and the community is pretty amazing. Graphics are okay and as I said, gameplay is great. It's hard to describe but essentially a game consists of 1 - 3 ships per team. Each ship piloted by 1 pilot and 3 other characters (either engis or gunners.) Each player is responsible for fulfilling their respective role and communicating with the team to take out enemy airships in really entertaining and intense fights. 8.5/10."
76561198007340064,Recommended,209080,7760188,"Posted: 25 November, 2013",all,Terppa,One of the best co-op games I have ever played.
,Recommended,209080,16632172,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,CalmTiger,Amazing 4 person co-op with chaos and carnage everywhere!
76561198075948759,Recommended,209080,16635914,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,Seldom Sabel,join the the Steam Punkers -Sp-
,Recommended,209080,16636188,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,PuffinMcMuffin,10/10 would constantly pressure my friends to repair the hull again
,Recommended,209080,16726525,"Posted: 26 June, 2015",all,jhflen,"An amazing game!!! Great game-play, never seen such detail in an aviation game!!!"
,Recommended,209080,16729904,"Posted: 26 June, 2015",all,Dr.Bones,"This game is great fun to play, with friends it's even better. That being said the community seems to be nothing but friendly and welcoming, which is great for an online multiplayer game.Matches whether a win or loss are a thrill ride of explosions and fire. The games pacing is not slow despite first expectations, it proved to be fast paced for a game about boats that fly.Only down side right now seems to be a limited player base, I have had to play on American servers to get a game a couple of times now. Would recommend, play it with your friends!"
,Recommended,209080,16733576,"Posted: 26 June, 2015",all,Cantinflas,It's a very impressive game for those who like cooperative and strategic games. Everyone plays a role and you need everyone to succeed. I would highly recommend this game.
,Recommended,209080,16738072,"Posted: 27 June, 2015",all,BenBen,"""Captain, why is everything on fire?""""Captain, why are we diving right into them?""""Captain, this ship isn't designed for ramming!""...""Captain, how the hell are we alive after that?""DO NOT DOUBT THE MANIAC AT THE WHEEL"
,Recommended,209080,16669433,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,MurkyMoo,Awesomesauce fun all over your mothers steam punk loving face
,Recommended,209080,16676539,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,[H] This Acc [W] Offer RM,Nice game. They said i'm a good mechanic. Lol.
,Recommended,209080,16711249,"Posted: 25 June, 2015",all,ek. lee ji geum,its alright
,Recommended,209080,16712554,"Posted: 25 June, 2015",all,"Kalign ""Smooth-Jazz"" Stacks",Baloons are pretty fun. Oh and theres guns and stuff
,Recommended,209080,16712571,"Posted: 25 June, 2015",all,No Plans Made,"Hour 1:Reading reviews, looking some stuff up, feeling out how the ships fly, and gunning, learning to hammer with certain hammers, neat stuff.Hour 2:GLORIOUS RAMMING SPEEDS! MOONSHINE AND PYRAMIDIONS AWAY!MUST RAM ALL THE THINGS AS A PILOT!Hour 2.5:Won every game I've played in but 3 so far, only due to badass ramming. Ramming in a flying ship game. Shaweet.Hour 3:I AM THE DREAD PIRATE ROBERTS! I HAVE COME FOR YOUR SWEET BOOTY!Hour 4:Hey uh, anyone try any of these other ships?Hour 5:DEAR GOD 4v4!? YES PLS.Hour 6:Annoying Captains to put on flamethrowers because fk yeah!10/10 would ram harder again.Definitely worth."
,Recommended,209080,16699813,"Posted: 25 June, 2015",all,Dry Ice Factory,"Teamwork and communication are key.This is a wonderful, wonderful multiplayer game because it filters out the people who do not demonstrate those essential traits: communication and teamwork. Back when Call of Duty was more popular, generally, you played witha  group of friends. Remember those awesome games when everyone on your team worked together to win the game in a blowout? This is the same idea as that. Since I'm comparing this game to CoD, I'm going to make it clear that the gameplay is nothing alike and the enemy team is nothing alike. You won't (at least, I don't) get mad if you die with a good crew.The idea itself is very original, and I have not personally seen a similar game to Guns of Icarus. Furthermore, Guns of Icarus allows in-depth customization to your characters and ships. You can also customize your character.Overall, this is a very fun game. $15 dollars for YOU to play is a great price. $30 for three other friends-- enough for a full crew-- is an incredible deal. I see myself playing Guns of Icarus a good bit for a good while.Less serious review: OMGGGGG SHOOT SHIPS THAT COULDNT FLY IN REAL IRL OMG FIRES EVERYWHERE Y IS MY KREW SO BADDDDDDDBut actually if you're considering this game, consider it more. It's really good, and I'd love to see the community grow."
,Recommended,209080,16607889,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,Kaliraa,"This is a pretty great game; the community is also excellent, although I guess it gets worse right after a sale."
,Recommended,209080,16608976,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,Kobashi,Great game if you have friends or its a fun game to troll your call steam sale def worth getting right now
76561198024301682,Recommended,209080,16609444,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,Qurel,"Fun all around game that does not demand much besides a keen wit and a crew that will keep you afloat. All around I would recommend this game especially because of its meager price and its amazing experience of air combat taken to a level of that transcends, in my opinion the games like War Thunder because of the way the crew works. Also it is definitely not a solo person game sadly so that is where War Thunder comes in if you still want aerial combat."
76561198002006837,Recommended,209080,9613674,"Posted: 23 March, 2014",all,[GWJ] Bill_Lewis,"This game is a blast, when you have friends to play it with."
76561198060805247,Recommended,209080,9630280,"Posted: 25 March, 2014",all,Sir.Rads,"Great game. Although the waiting time for a game is a bit high, it's very funny and enjoyable."
76561198040176730,Recommended,209080,9558746,"Posted: 19 March, 2014",all,Lxx,"This is a good game, a very good game"
76561198013192346,Recommended,209080,9637223,"Posted: 26 March, 2014",all,stickingcrib,If you have a few friends this is a great game that makes you feel like a sky pirate
76561197998145086,Recommended,209080,9386544,"Posted: 8 March, 2014",all,The Man From D.U.R.A.N,Must have for steampunk fans. The Airship to airship combat is truly amazing. Along with the steampunk-theamed costumization system.
76561198010440623,Recommended,209080,9388974,"Posted: 8 March, 2014",all,GoodNewsGetFucked,"This is an amazing game. Very friendly players, very beautiful design, and wonderful gameplay. Highly recommended."
76561198090508803,Recommended,209080,9391675,"Posted: 8 March, 2014",all,Ælias,"Awesome game, though needs more people!"
,Recommended,209080,9435432,"Posted: 11 March, 2014",all,Mark,it's pretty good. definitely a long term game
76561197995247030,Recommended,209080,9441425,"Posted: 12 March, 2014",all,Huggles the 3rd,"Slick little indie game. Guns of Icarus has a team-based attack and defend playstyle that, once you get it going, is really fun to play. The three roles in the game are dependent on each other; if you have a crappy engineer, don't expect to be flying for very long. If you have a poor pilot, don't be suprised when you get out-maneuvered and can't use anything to your advantage. Have a poor gunner? Well, have fun getting shot down. I really enjoy playing this game, there's a lot of ship customization and an easy-to-follow leadership system to make sure you can understand how to fight and work together to win."
,Recommended,209080,5061743,"Posted: 4 April, 2013",all,Tigen07,More people need to play this because it is awesome.
76561198042008840,Recommended,209080,4803489,"Posted: 18 June, 2013",all,The Train Guy,"This game is worth more than its price. It is graphically fantastic and has the gameplay of gods. Its a unique game to me because of how you get entertainment out of all the classes. The enginer is fun to run around your floating fortress and repair things. And the feeling when your team is going to die but your little hammer saved them is amazing. This game is one of the most peacful games i have ever played, just sitting there floating through the clouds is wonderful. Now of course it can tend to get a little bit heated, but you just have remain calm and do what the captain says, and when its all over you get a reward of peace and just sit there and look."
76561197997468398,Recommended,209080,9358934,"Posted: 5 March, 2014",all,Bo,"Great game, nice change of pace from other games out there. Nice to find a Steampunk type game. I live the teamwork aspect of the game and well it's just plain fun to play."
,Recommended,209080,9343801,"Posted: 4 March, 2014",all,QuantumDylan,"Though plagued early on by server issues, GoIO is a solid and innovative game which both myself and a good majority of my friends play from time to time.What more can you want from a game which lets you become a pirate of the skies, raining fire and hell upon your foes in an aeronaval fight to the death? The customization, the class specialization, the atmosphere, the art, everything is excellent.The developers also do an excellent job reaching out to the community through their youtube channel, where they release updates and fireside chats with the devs.Excellent job, Muse. You've done well."
76561198153359101,Recommended,209080,14320781,"Posted: 3 February, 2015",all,DieselShark777,"This game is awesome for the steampunk enthusiest. The gameplay's good, it runs well on most computers. In short, This is a game that should be in any steampunk's library."
,Recommended,209080,14321473,"Posted: 3 February, 2015",all,Pigagorus,"10/10, Love flying my ship with friends, just to craft and burn in the sands...and to hear my friends scream in rage and my horrible flying."
76561198038401119,Recommended,209080,14461277,"Posted: 14 February, 2015",all,Litledragon,"""WHAT THE ♥♥♥♥ NO NOT ON A SPIRE, WE DONT EVEN HAVE AN ENGINEER!""""EVERYONE ON THE GATLING GUNS WE'RE SHREDDING THIS BASTERD, HWATCHA, FIRE!""*ram kills a squid**laughs so much we die to a flames on ship*10/10 would ram squid again"
76561198007619873,Recommended,209080,14481725,"Posted: 15 February, 2015",all,bodey,its good
,Recommended,209080,14482541,"Posted: 15 February, 2015",all,CondemnedAlpaca,"One of my friends bought this game for a whole group of us when it was on sale, and I just have to say....Wow.  There's not a lot of people that play the game right now, but those are the people who know what's up.  We were able to get enough of us together and formed 2 crews and we had some really close matches, so definitely get your friends to download it too.  The only bad thing I would say is that its a very resource-intensive game.  I had to turn the resolution and lighting qualities down to make it stop lagging, but even doing that the graphics are still good. Ok stop reading this now and go download GoI"
76561198150309260,Recommended,209080,14488059,"Posted: 15 February, 2015",all,Hacksasaur,Awesome Airship GAME OF DOOM
76561198133790616,Recommended,209080,14488286,"Posted: 15 February, 2015",all,Matt,nice game ..low grafic best coop multiplay game
76561198043403023,Recommended,209080,14489553,"Posted: 15 February, 2015",all,firstprincipal,Simple and playable if somewhat limited in scope. I would love for this to be in an openworld RPG environment. The lack of any sophisticated character development means I will likely tire of this game after a few sessions and only play it infrequently. However it is cheap and cheerful. Worth a few quid for a few hours of fun.Feels a bit like playing teamfortress. Actually it looks quite a lot like playing team fortress.
,Recommended,209080,14492473,"Posted: 15 February, 2015",all,deep web hitman,10/10 for USS RAMROD
76561197995673418,Recommended,209080,14493236,"Posted: 15 February, 2015",all,jlop985,"The game has a great steampunk atmosphere. The various combinations of guns, ships, and tools give great replay value. Combat is lots of fun. Teamwork is essential to winning; it's virtually mandatory to have a mic."
,Recommended,209080,14471663,"Posted: 14 February, 2015",all,=DTT=DeLaguna,Uhh sweet pownage. Super Co-Op game only a few dollars right now.
,Recommended,209080,14474447,"Posted: 14 February, 2015",all,Soviet,10/10 Game. Very engaging.
,Recommended,209080,14475037,"Posted: 14 February, 2015",all,RaVen_☮ HACKED,"This is a really fun FPS stratergy game which is very heavily relied on teamwork. You and 3 other players control a ship and must always communicate constanly to stay alive. Its has a good in-game community and getting into servers is quite fast.Its very easy to understand the game and get used to it. The graphics looks quite amazing too. If you are planning to get this during a sale, go and get it.Its really worth it."
76561198025048256,Recommended,209080,14304737,"Posted: 2 February, 2015",all,Cnashunt,"Great game to play with friends, in the same room or different countries.  Steampunk sky pirate ship battles, that's exactly what it is.  It kind of has Team Fortress 2 mechanics.  Love it."
,Recommended,209080,14304924,"Posted: 2 February, 2015",all,Maskonaut,"Very interesting game with unique style, great gameplay based on teamwork, nice game mechanics."
,Recommended,209080,15343198,"Posted: 13 April, 2015",all,yan123,"Its surprizing how scarse info about this marvelous game is.Popular game-reviews seem to be really shallow, and only having a chance to play with game fans one gets to understanding of a trully magical atmosphere and experience this game provides.Much of this game excels with communication (both in game and lobby), so having descent mic is really advised (although its playable and fun without it).A rare sample of software developed with care and obsession (it looks that devs themselves like to play it a lot).Running through tutorial and consulting wiki would be also very helpful (but still, with certain amount of luck one can get aboard with experienced player, who'd share precious game hints during the game itself)."
76561197998639769,Recommended,209080,11602635,"Posted: 8 August, 2014",all,[SpA]Scatter,"Updating this review to say that they fixed the lobby queue problems. Game rocks, go play it!"
76561198028039312,Recommended,209080,15328800,"Posted: 12 April, 2015",all,thegodsend,iv always wanted a ship battle game.. AND THIS IS AN AIRSHIP BATTLE! Whats not to like?
,Recommended,209080,15331578,"Posted: 12 April, 2015",all,Tapairus,"My friends and I have been playing around in the skies, and it's a good time!"
76561198070302169,Recommended,209080,15476945,"Posted: 21 April, 2015",all,MERASMUS! The MLG wizard,ballons + guns = fun
76561198142028385,Recommended,209080,15478308,"Posted: 21 April, 2015",all,Zargabaath,Good Game
,Recommended,209080,3377206,"Posted: 21 May, 2013",all,Endorgan,"It's like riding a boat, but instead of drowning in water, your pilot suffocates everyone in a dust cloud. Tenouttaten."
76561198012230992,Recommended,209080,15576510,"Posted: 26 April, 2015",all,Dr. Disaster,I hate that this game isn't more popular.
,Not Recommended,209080,15572039,"Posted: 26 April, 2015",all,Nicholas,"Game is interesting but boring.  Play bounty bay online as a ship captain or pirate instead for a better feel for the genre.Can't recommend spending money on this.  If it were free, it'd be worth it."
,Recommended,209080,15622947,"Posted: 30 April, 2015",all,Just A Regular Guy,You make flying ships go boom.
76561197971004526,Recommended,209080,15663827,"Posted: 2 May, 2015",all,AnotherNightOwl,GET THIS GAME FOR FRIENDSHIP PLAYINGS. ONLEH IF U HAZ MONIES THO
,Recommended,209080,15649906,"Posted: 2 May, 2015",all,rug,a great game people need to play it
,Recommended,209080,6646646,"Posted: 14 August, 2013",all,AltaV09,"Form a Crew with friends and take over the skies. Good customizations for each ship and character role. Make your guy look like a pirate, fancy pants, or an old time soldier in this steampunk style dogfight game. Worth the money in my book."
76561198071957617,Recommended,209080,15417844,"Posted: 17 April, 2015",all,The Law,Airships. Top hats. Explosions and sh*t.   8/8  Would fly an airship into a minefield again.
76561198001874110,Recommended,209080,15418463,"Posted: 17 April, 2015",all,>f7>Carl Brutananadilewski,Fun to play but even more fun when you share a ship with friends you can coordinate with.
76561198057112146,Recommended,209080,6007993,"Posted: 20 May, 2013",all,TucanSam,"A much needed breath of fresh air in a market devoid of any real good TDM ship games. Feels a lot like pvp naval battle games, only in the air. Worth the money."
76561198053123887,Recommended,209080,5625705,"Posted: 8 May, 2013",all,Polk,I really enjoy it. check out a video or something of it on youtube.
,Recommended,209080,15410757,"Posted: 16 April, 2015",all,maras53,I have 1 copie PM FOR TRADE!
,Recommended,209080,16090141,"Posted: 30 May, 2015",all,jawsbird,"This game is super addictive!  So much fun if you have the right team, but with any game, a pickup game is normally pretty frustrating unless you just have chemistry.  10/10 would definitely recommend to anyone who loves team based games."
,Recommended,209080,16090229,"Posted: 30 May, 2015",all,Pale Drake,I recommend this game to those who like steam-punk anything!
,Recommended,209080,16066423,"Posted: 29 May, 2015",all,Derpy,"What, you want flying gun ships and weapons? Totally don't buy this.Wait, no, the opposite of that. Buy it. BUY THIS GAME NOW!"
76561198023562166,Recommended,209080,16021679,"Posted: 26 May, 2015",all,Neoisrael007,a year ago i played this game... Longest Waiting time ever !but now its solved and it is so fun to shoot huge guns in other ships !and the devs always listening to player feedbacki dont think i seen better treatment from devs to their players ever before...they had been under ddos attacks recentrly and always kept us the players in the loop about what heppening andeven gave a free item... and like been said here before the shoop items are just cosmetici love this gaame love its devs and wanna support them ! guys really if u like shootin big guns and feel like you shooting a huge gun u gotta get this
76561198116520656,Recommended,209080,16022175,"Posted: 27 May, 2015",all,Senor_Paco_The_Taco,"Amazing game! I played for 2 straight hours right after it finished downloading. The game encourages communication and cooperation with your team, or at the very least your crew, to survive and win! The community, that I've seen so far, is warm and friendly. If any of your friends have it, get it and man the same ship! (or rival ships! >:D)"
,Recommended,209080,16024013,"Posted: 27 May, 2015",all,Bear,"I do not play flying games very often but i could not ignore a game that has both steampunk and team-based combat. After i passed the rushed tutorial, i was quickly thrown into the deep end put onto a crew. The combat is very intense and unless you have terrible teammates, it is incredibly fun.Just a tip for anyone playing for the first time, the game may bug out and you will not be able to move. If this is the case, go into the game settings and disable the joystick. This will allow you to use your mouse and keyboard again."
76561198126600123,Recommended,209080,16024233,"Posted: 27 May, 2015",all,zeratavius,"Amazing game Beautiful environment, Fun classes, Amazing steampunk theme, unique gameplay. Either be an enginner that runs around repairing stuff, Or be the gunner who blast the attacking enemy ship, Or be the pilot steering the ship.10/10I hope this review helped you in any way."
,Recommended,209080,16025279,"Posted: 27 May, 2015",all,lembayu,Best.Steampunk.Game.Ever10/10
,Recommended,209080,16026617,"Posted: 27 May, 2015",all,Taint Sniffing German Shepherd,Love this game!   Never has a crew of four been able to Win or Lose this Epic.
,Recommended,209080,16026846,"Posted: 27 May, 2015",all,Clit_Yeast_Wood,Wow! I cant believe I never came across this game till tonight! What a GEM! and the steam sale sweetens it even more so!!!! Definitely Recommend this game!
,Recommended,209080,16123590,"Posted: 1 June, 2015",all,Charlie Frown,"This is a fun Multiplayer game in which you battle air ships,   your team working together is crucial and is best played with friends"
,Recommended,209080,16121205,"Posted: 1 June, 2015",all,Grassdew,"Got a really good captain, won every single round we played, captain left, we started losing.10/5 get good captains, win games."
,Recommended,209080,16029770,"Posted: 27 May, 2015",all,THE_RageHunter,It's a fun game to play with a bunch of friends. The graphics are amazing and the gameplay is really smooth.
,Recommended,209080,16029983,"Posted: 27 May, 2015",all,Glitchpaw,So awesome
,Recommended,209080,16030474,"Posted: 27 May, 2015",all,"ČESKÉ DRÁHY, a.s.",Wow this is like Skyrim combined with The Witcher 3 and GTA V into one GAME!
,Recommended,209080,16031013,"Posted: 27 May, 2015",all,[MG] Professor Petaflop,">be me two years ago>be 12>have mom yelling at you complaining about you yelling ""FIRE AT THE FECKING AIRSHIP!""i love playing captain -_-"
,Recommended,209080,16031916,"Posted: 27 May, 2015",all,Garbuio,"This game is amazing, i have no idea Metacritc gave only 64/100, it deserves at least 80."
76561198053966570,Recommended,209080,16033039,"Posted: 27 May, 2015",all,Matt_Trivit,"This game is Awesome. Super happy about buying it. One thing that needs be known though is that you need to like this kind of thing. That is you need to enjoy these kinds  of team driven games, and your experience is going to be based on your attitude and that of your team mates. This means be nice and keep calm its just a game so have fun and don't take anything to seriously.I absolutely love piloting, and the in game voice chat is very good, and extremely important."
76561198094017080,Recommended,209080,16033061,"Posted: 27 May, 2015",all,Middle Twix,I LOVE THIS GAME and ive only played a few hours.it makes the game much more fun with corrdination and if your a lonely depressed jerk THIS GAMES FOR YOU!!! you can meet many cool people while playing and it can be a good one too
76561198156286370,Recommended,209080,16033848,"Posted: 27 May, 2015",all,Vincent,"You guys have outdone yourselves. This game is fun, charming, intricate, and all around sexy, only issue i have is sometimes when I'm playing this certain game all internet connected devices disconnect and wont reconnect, this may be a personal issue but i think its worth looking into. Anyway, sexy game, love it, wanna play it forever, just look into my issue pls."
76561198221172400,Recommended,209080,16033871,"Posted: 27 May, 2015",all,Mr. BEEFY,"This game is great way to think of a steam punk war!  It's a creative way of thinking of battles and really is a great game.  At first the game is hard, maybe a little research could be done to understand the game or have someone with a mic in your lobby.  This game is great and I hope the keep up with the updates, if I heard right they are also going to be adding a story to the game to explain how the world got the way it has!"
76561197975567214,Recommended,209080,16034346,"Posted: 27 May, 2015",all,Scrutinizer,"All the old reviews about waiting in lobbies seems to be a thing of the past.Game is quite challenging, each role has it's own important feature and an important job to do.  Each person must do their job well or you'll lose.Each role can be much more complex than it first appears.  Team work is the only way to thrive."
,Recommended,209080,8673918,"Posted: 11 January, 2014",all,MoSq TK,i keep beening disconnected from the matches...
76561198121144787,Recommended,209080,8674840,"Posted: 11 January, 2014",all,hartmann27,Airship combat in steampunk syle.  I easily lose hours to this game when I play.  Even more fun if you talk like a scurvy dog in voice chat.
,Recommended,209080,8678967,"Posted: 12 January, 2014",all,Zeodyn,"The metascore consists of year-old reviews, which aren't up-to-date anymore. Today it would probably be more in the 70-ish % area, since several bugs were fixed. I quite enjoy it and once you fly with a real teaming crew you can have hours of fun."
,Recommended,209080,8582386,"Posted: 5 January, 2014",all,Uncle Tom,an airborne steampunk feel mixed with swashbuckling high seas action. Worth every cent.
,Recommended,209080,5637124,"Posted: 3 March, 2013",all,Sirus,Pretty epic team player airship combat
,Recommended,209080,656266,"Posted: 19 May, 2013",all,Syntax Error,A great TEAM based game. You have to work with your crew to win no one person can win the game.
,Recommended,209080,8473816,"Posted: 31 December, 2013",all,Dr. Clark,"Steampunk Airships. Simple as that... But you need a group of friends, or else it just sucks. All your captians do is yell at you... then I cry by myself at night..."
76561197972850274,Recommended,209080,8412511,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,Sirix,Amaaaaaaaaaaazing
,Recommended,209080,8414328,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,KTCNether_Panda,"Great Game, very fun and easily one of the best steampunk games I've played"
,Recommended,209080,8164906,"Posted: 21 December, 2013",all,[Notorious Scrub] Soft & Wet,"This game is fun and I freaking love it, even if only because it lets me live out my fantasy of piloting a zepplin while drunk on moonshine."
76561198025094820,Recommended,209080,8165302,"Posted: 21 December, 2013",all,BottleCap_Commando,"One of the best Steam Punk games I have ever played. Love the guns, the ships and the graphics"
,Recommended,209080,16245363,"Posted: 7 June, 2015",all,nanz735,"Great game, easier if you have a frequent crew, but it isn't hard to find someone with the matchmakingThe graphics are ok, not bad, but not perfectGameplay is exactly as you think it would beCommunity is better than you think it'll be, they're pretty nice people"
,Recommended,209080,16235664,"Posted: 6 June, 2015",all,Thot Patrol,Its a ♥♥♥♥ing good game
76561198127642595,Recommended,209080,16237771,"Posted: 7 June, 2015",all,Yoaudy,this game goes so hard...no other similar game and very team based
,Recommended,209080,16262907,"Posted: 8 June, 2015",all,kuko,A captain always goes down with his ship. Rince and repeat.
,Recommended,209080,16263705,"Posted: 8 June, 2015",all,night doctor,AWESOME GAME!!
,Recommended,209080,15964182,"Posted: 23 May, 2015",all,Tato,"I've been following this game for a long time now, so naturally as soon as i found out it was on sale i bought it. But let me say that i would buy it at full price now.It completely lives up to it's (maybe ""my""?) hype.If you used to play ""Pirates of the Caribbean Online"" you pretty much know the system. If not, let me explain real quick:Airship fights where the crew actually has to actively do stuff, not just sit there and click buttons or skill hotkeys... You have to aim, you have to direct the ship, you have to repair, but more importantly: You have to communicate and work together.I heard some people complain about microtransactions... Well, no bought item gives and advantage, all of them are cosmetic, and you can get half the store items by leveling up.What else can i say? I love it, its unique, its great, buy it now!"
,Recommended,209080,15964754,"Posted: 23 May, 2015",all,Cakey Junior,great game with friends but my computer can't handle fights without lagging :(
76561198107718416,Recommended,209080,15965191,"Posted: 23 May, 2015",all,Jo Mama,the best
76561198079755633,Recommended,209080,15966260,"Posted: 23 May, 2015",all,Why so serios :),This Game is amazing ever sence i got it it has so much!!!!! get it its one of the best games i had ever played in balloon defence ive only played a little bit of it but it is amazing! buy the game it is worth the money!
76561198019204579,Recommended,209080,15967907,"Posted: 23 May, 2015",all,Arcaticas,It's a pretty unique idea. The community is AWESOME! People are usually pretty patient with new guess and are having friendly conversation. The game looks awesome. I love the custimization you can have and it's just an awesome game to have. Definitally worth your money!
76561198045469144,Recommended,209080,15984212,"Posted: 24 May, 2015",all,ALIEMZ,Best.Gaem.Evar.
12345678900000000,Recommended,209080,15984415,"Posted: 24 May, 2015",all,Outta My Way Ronald MacDonald,2 wordsAirship Battles
76561198076701916,Recommended,209080,15984758,"Posted: 24 May, 2015",all,LankeyJetn,whoaa!!
,Recommended,209080,15984386,"Posted: 24 May, 2015",all,Lukas,Did not think i would like this game at first.This game EPIC flying around in awesome boats and a cool steampunk style!One thing that bothers me is the fact that there are not enough Aussies playing this game!GET ON IT FELLAS!
,Recommended,209080,15986828,"Posted: 24 May, 2015",all,noteless,gud
,Recommended,209080,15988888,"Posted: 24 May, 2015",all,Coldynator,A great steampunk game with a great concept. To work as a team is the key to victory in the skies in this game. And the music? Just incredible.
,Recommended,209080,15089062,"Posted: 28 March, 2015",all,Gilpin,Good game now that there are ppl playing it more and at on sale for under $4 how can u not get it.
,Recommended,209080,15979470,"Posted: 24 May, 2015",all,[UC]Uber,Was fun for a minute but got boring pretty quickly. Must be my ADD. Would still recommend. :)
,Recommended,209080,16006387,"Posted: 25 May, 2015",all,Quasi-,"""Don't ♥♥♥♥ing ram ships  and be Rambo."" - StromerProper teamwork  and you can win the game first few hours of game play: People: Hey are you new?Me: Yes People:You have good piloting skills.Basically=Easy to learn fast paced and enjoyable. Best game so far."
,Recommended,209080,16006768,"Posted: 25 May, 2015",all,Brendite,"Let me give you a story from my experience playing this game.My Gunner was screaming while he shot at the enemy ships, and yelling at me to turn more to the right.My Engineers were running around the ship trying to fix things and yelling ""Everythings on fire!""I was calmly flying the ship full throttle to ram an enemy ship, while listening to Sail-Unlimited Gravity Remix. I hit their ship and then the enemy ship turned around and shot the crap out of us destroying our ship.I have no regrets10/10 Would crash and burn again!"
,Recommended,209080,16006891,"Posted: 25 May, 2015",all,CommandMan7,got killed by a cloud.10/10
76561198100055595,Recommended,209080,8191884,"Posted: 22 December, 2013",all,Kiwi Kid,"its a really good game, nice graphics and all that i give it a 10/10"
,Recommended,209080,16010367,"Posted: 26 May, 2015",all,Antiex,Jolly good fun lads! Yarr!
,Recommended,209080,16011901,"Posted: 26 May, 2015",all,Us3L3sS,a hard but verry fun and nice game to play. i'ts fun to play alone but its more fun to play with friends because communication is the key to succes!
,Recommended,209080,16012396,"Posted: 26 May, 2015",all,Werewolf Banana,I played as an engineer.Got yelled at by a gunner because I was using the guns.Killed enemy ship.Then we got killed.We surrendered.We lost...Then I went back to the lobby and everyone called me a ♥♥♥♥ing♥♥♥♥♥♥It was the best day of my life.
76561198117529489,Recommended,209080,16012955,"Posted: 26 May, 2015",all,Chicken Knight,Holy crap! I was not expecting this game to be so much fun. The game is fast paced and always keeps you busy. Your crew must be knowledgeable in their role and the game is just great.
76561198090845260,Recommended,209080,15970886,"Posted: 23 May, 2015",all,CompanionKaek,"I absolutely adore this game, even though I haven't played too much of it recently. This was a awful mistake as I now realize, and cannot wait to get back to my gaming PC. In addition to this, for the about the next 48 hours, the humble store is selling Guns of Icarus for $2.24. If you were too cheap for $3.75, pick the game up for a dollar and a half cheaper. If that is too cheap for you, then I don't know what will get you to pick up this amazing game."
,Recommended,209080,15970970,"Posted: 23 May, 2015",all,VainerTiger,Cool game love it. Was better than i thought. 100% worththe money! :D
,Recommended,209080,15973191,"Posted: 23 May, 2015",all,fede23 (original 100% no fake),i shoot the guns and they diei also fix pipes so the ship doesnt explodei give it a fun/10
76561198169923895,Recommended,209080,15973912,"Posted: 23 May, 2015",all,LuciferComplex,The game is cool.But I just got the game and i can't play it says I can't connect.Connecting in 5
76561198145907304,Recommended,209080,15974107,"Posted: 23 May, 2015",all,10ZING-NOR GAYYYYYYY,"wonderful, although, a function for sensitivity adjustment would help."
,Recommended,209080,15974292,"Posted: 23 May, 2015",all,MylesN,"Good Game! Fun Combat, nice feel, some bits of lag but goof over all.Remeber Fire Extengishers"
76561198062024760,Recommended,209080,16043784,"Posted: 28 May, 2015",all,Lord Farquaad,Cool
,Recommended,209080,16044332,"Posted: 28 May, 2015",all,Skymoose,Really fun to work together in this way!
76561197981347758,Recommended,209080,16045629,"Posted: 28 May, 2015",all,waspdog1=(dp)=,awsome airship madness!!!!
76561198205160032,Recommended,209080,16046103,"Posted: 28 May, 2015",all,SCS-Dark,Good game !
,Recommended,209080,16046672,"Posted: 28 May, 2015",all,Friedrich,Great game overall. Easy to get the hang of but gets challenging (but a good challenging)
,Recommended,209080,16048809,"Posted: 28 May, 2015",all,Hambro,"-Open game-Press play-Forget to turn off novice-Start match-Only one with mic-Only gunner-Get burned shot, and killed-Captain leaves-Lose 5-0-Do it again"
,Recommended,209080,8566073,"Posted: 4 January, 2014",all,GoTrabiGo,ouyeah
76561198060389126,Recommended,209080,9808943,"Posted: 13 April, 2014",all,Giant Flying Sheep,"Guns of Icarus Online is a game that tries to make everyone on board an airship work together. That does not always happen. Many times, different crew members will do different things that just barely keep the airship flying. To add to that, waiting in the lobby can last a while. Each of the four to eight airships waiting in the lobby must tell the game they are ready, but when someone goes away from their computer, well, things get complicated. The game itself requires a bit of skill as both a first person shooter and as a somewhat tactical game in which each person must dedicate him/herself to his/her respective task selected before each match."
76561198080286902,Recommended,209080,16100236,"Posted: 31 May, 2015",all,Dota Jew,Best Game i have ever played. If u are a cod noob dont play cuz u will ruin the game for everyone
,Recommended,209080,16102374,"Posted: 31 May, 2015",all,Psilocybin Mushroom,pew pew pew its the summary of the game explosions everywhere
,Recommended,209080,15853237,"Posted: 16 May, 2015",all,Rash,the only proplem with this game is it needs more players
76561197997597194,Recommended,209080,15865059,"Posted: 16 May, 2015",all,Dr.killshot22,sky pirates!!!!
76561198118055293,Recommended,209080,15865748,"Posted: 16 May, 2015",all,Erebos,"I have not put hours into the game but Im loving it..! Players are nice & helpful, Awesome team work and for $4.00 how could you go wrong? Well let me tell you how..... By not buying this AMAZING game! Worth it all the way!"
,Recommended,209080,15866462,"Posted: 16 May, 2015",all,Sierra 117,its fun
,Recommended,209080,15873842,"Posted: 17 May, 2015",all,Melthoral ♥,God tier
,Recommended,209080,15875986,"Posted: 17 May, 2015",all,Mad Pyer,"This game is GREAT i recommend you buy the collector's edition you get some extra stuff to edit your characteras for game-play its really fun, but its all about team work if your team is good and you got good weapons and a fine ship you will kick♥♥♥♥♥♥but if your team doesn't cooperate you will just hit the ground really hard to you might want to play with some friendsover all super fun"
76561198187866443,Recommended,209080,15876501,"Posted: 17 May, 2015",all,kculbreth36,really fun
,Recommended,209080,15878035,"Posted: 17 May, 2015",all,Zeus,I recommend this game to people who like multiplayer team games.This isn't for people who like single-player adventure games.
76561197988148693,Recommended,209080,7399618,"Posted: 16 October, 2013",all,Rosbjerg,"Best enjoyed with love for Steampunk mayhem, airballons and in good company. The game is mediocre should you play on your own, but with 3+ buddies this is an awesome experience. It's well balanced, fun, exciting, explosive, beautiful and atmospheric."
,Recommended,209080,15879789,"Posted: 17 May, 2015",all,SirSleepless,"This game is amazing even if you don't like the steampunk theme the gameplay is amazing. You don't even need friends to play it with although, most people recommend it."
,Recommended,209080,15887961,"Posted: 18 May, 2015",all,Knight Regius,If your a team player who enjoys tactical gameplay this game if worth your money
76561198187625078,Recommended,209080,15888218,"Posted: 18 May, 2015",all,8480tiger,"By far, one of the best games I have (and perhaps will) ever play. Definitely recommend this.9.5/10"
76561198034552198,Recommended,209080,15890361,"Posted: 18 May, 2015",all,Nebula,"super awesome tactical and teambased combat, buy a four pack now while you have a great deal and grab some friends to play this with."
76561198108528040,Recommended,209080,15890628,"Posted: 18 May, 2015",all,Kevin,"If you've got a group of friends in any multiple of 4, This game will work for you. It's hard to get a good team, But if your and your friends work togeather you can do it and have fun."
76561198050536309,Recommended,209080,15891259,"Posted: 18 May, 2015",all,Conntoat,Game is very enjoyable short pros and consPros:- Sense of teamwork- Fun Modes- Cheap- Easy to get intoCons:- Crews can be lackluster- Mouse is way too sensitive when not adjusted- Hard to master
,Recommended,209080,15891398,"Posted: 18 May, 2015",all,John,
76561198134706512,Recommended,209080,15892669,"Posted: 18 May, 2015",all,csavarocks,So Fun You will never get board of this game.It is fun to play with your friends and still fun without them.
76561198092111597,Recommended,209080,15892820,"Posted: 18 May, 2015",all,JHONNY'S AT DESK DOING HW,"At first I was really skeptical, that is until I first got on a novice server. In the beginning everything's all quiet until BOOM! Explosions and gunfire pinging off your ships hull, engineers racing to fix engines and put out fires, and artillery firing away across the bow. Anyways, my crew is calling, and its time to head off to the skies!"
76561198140138363,Recommended,209080,15901905,"Posted: 19 May, 2015",all,Mozgus,"Guns of Icarus is a amazing first person shooter.You have 3 different  classes gunner, Engineer and captain.all classes are fun to play and hard to master.the game is about shooting down enemy ships without your own ship getting damaged.i am still having an amazing time with it 8/10 great"
,Recommended,209080,15902050,"Posted: 19 May, 2015",all,Baron Von Blu,"This game is an amazing party game and is great with friends. To be an effective team you must have good communication and be quick to the buzzer as it goes. Make sure you (the pilot) and your crew have good comms in order to keep your ship afloat and to take your enemies down. On this game you will also meet one of the friendliest communities around on steam, with people willing to teach you the ways of the game! I think I would rate this game 9/10 as it has a great community and gameplay but with no communication you will no doubt fail fast."
76561198028618632,Recommended,209080,15904007,"Posted: 19 May, 2015",all,Producer,I keep forgetting I have no friends and cant enjoy this game fully.Try it with your friends.
76561198175053969,Recommended,209080,15904268,"Posted: 19 May, 2015",all,skyprest123,its a really awesome game 111111111111111110000000000000/10
,Recommended,209080,15904909,"Posted: 19 May, 2015",all,☆Srb2wadlord☆,"Awsome Game! Really recommend it to anyone, but you're gonna need some people you can trust and you have to be able to talk to them. Teamwork is essential."
,Recommended,209080,15905792,"Posted: 19 May, 2015",all,Skylink231,"Holy♥♥♥♥♥♥this game is intense... But out of all seriousness this game does require good teamwork, also I recommend a mic."
76561198007079115,Recommended,209080,15906880,"Posted: 19 May, 2015",all,andbruu,"A real-time FTL on steam (on steam). This game is fun, quick, and has a fair learning curve. A few bad-mouth can make for a poor match (regardless of skill), but most often people are polite."
,Recommended,209080,15907403,"Posted: 19 May, 2015",all,Cynicals,"Awesome game, has a unique style of gameplay. the only problem is the steering controls. otherwise its great!"
76561198008218846,Recommended,209080,15907561,"Posted: 19 May, 2015",all,Zainegardner,"This game is amazing. It take a couple of minutes to get use to the ships, guns and equipment but after you learn the basics the aerial combat is fantastic. It's slow paced flying until you start shooting at another ship, then things get intense for every crew member. I recommend doing the tutorials before jumping into a game, they're very informative.If you like team based combat where you get to fly a freaking Zeppelin and shoot people, you will enjoy this game.My only negative I can say about this game is that it does take some time for a match to start. The small player base means you usually have to wait, but honestly if that's the worst thing you have to do that's pretty good in my book."
76561198042136006,Recommended,209080,15908244,"Posted: 19 May, 2015",all,SEanster,fun and i cant spell
76561198096037564,Recommended,209080,15908931,"Posted: 19 May, 2015",all,ElectricParasite,"Great game, good graphics, Great physics wish there was more ships"
76561198061042997,Recommended,209080,15909382,"Posted: 19 May, 2015",all,The Bad Thing,Ayyy Lmao
76561197995204131,Recommended,209080,13778922,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,Monokuma Sensei,10/10 would ram again. :p
,Recommended,209080,13782984,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,The Fiddler,Like skyrim but with flying ships.
,Recommended,209080,13904704,"Posted: 8 January, 2015",all,Clay Vernon,"This is a killer game with a few short comings that will hopefully be fixed soon.The best thing about the game is that it requires real team work. Player are matched into 4 person teams with one of those being the captain. The captain designs the weapon layout of the airship that you fly on. The voice chat makes for some lively conversation. Indeed, if you have a microphone, just go ahead and buy this game, because most of the players are fairly mature and polite and not teenage, jerk gamers.The steampunk aesthetic is cool and the maps are generally nice to look at, although there is often too much fog for my personal taste when captaining.The biggest problem with GoI Online is that the lobby time is simply too long. There is nothing more frustrating than hitting ""Play"" and waiting for 60 seconds to just sit in a lobby for nearly 3 minutes. I hope that the developers find a more elegant way of counting down the time for non-captains.Also, since this is a communication game, it seems odd that there isn't a way for players to notify their team that they don't have sound. Or, conversely have a catpain require that players have voice chat.Aside from those complaints this is a great game that you shouldn't hesitate to join."
76561198090873197,Recommended,209080,13855593,"Posted: 5 January, 2015",all,PubliusCorneliusScipioAfricanus,This is great love it and the i cant find anything bad to say about it
,Recommended,209080,13834877,"Posted: 4 January, 2015",all,Goory,A fun game... lolnever seen a game with baloons..
,Recommended,209080,13838590,"Posted: 4 January, 2015",all,error90,There are few better feelings then finally taking down an enemy after a long struggle at the helm and I cannot think of another game that comes even close to Guns of Icarus Online.
,Recommended,209080,13842240,"Posted: 4 January, 2015",all,Mysterious Sloth,this game is amazing me and 3 friends i met on this game formed a crew and another crew are allies so when we get on we made a clan in community in top left when your in the game you can make your own clan or join one you can customize your character buy going to the character loadout in top right next to ship loadout you will see it ship loadout looks like a ship you can buy outfits for you character or decorations for your ship like figure head and theams and symbols for your balloon  gunners can only have 1 repair tool when engineers can have 3 and a scope to target enemies balloons if your new to the game go to practice and try out pilot and test the flying before matchmakingi hope this review helped this game is good
,Recommended,209080,13843709,"Posted: 4 January, 2015",all,gigantor,"Fantastic coop game, which requires a lot of teamwork. If you play with a group of friends, it makes it even better.I do hope in time that they add more to the Gunner class. Right now, the Engineer is much more valuable.I hope this game encourages other devs to make team based ship type games. This would be extremely fun in outer space."
76561198151777533,Recommended,209080,18442516,"Posted: 12 October, 2015",all,Sgt.Artin801 Away for a year,VERY Fun to play but it got WAY to hard to find games (am in Europe and waited for half an hour to play)Keep updating
,Recommended,209080,18279406,"Posted: 1 October, 2015",all,nibba,"Good fun, playing online alone or with friends either way is fine. IF YOUR IN TO COMPETETIVE GAMING THIS IS THE GAME FOR YOU.----------WARNING----------Play this game right or you might get screamed at through the chat or via voicechatOtherwise enjoy it"
76561198072212983,Recommended,209080,18280051,"Posted: 1 October, 2015",all,King ZOJAN Jensen,"……..|::::::::|: : : : : : : : : _„„--~'''''~-„: : : : '|……..'|:::::::,': : : : : : :_„„-: : : : : : : : ~--„_: |'………|::::::|: : : „--~~'''~~''''''''-„…_..„~''''''''''''¯|………|:::::,':_„„-|: : :_„---~: : :|''¯¯''''|: ~---„_: ||……..,~-,_/'': : : |: :(_ o__): : |: : : :|:(_o__): \..|……../,'-,: : : : : ''-,_______,-'': : : : ''-„_____|……..\: :|: : : : : : : : : : : : : :„: : : : :-,: : : : : : : :\………',:': : : : : : : : : : : : :,-'__: : : :_',: : : : ;: ,'……….'-,-': : : : : :___„-: : :'': : ¯''~~'': ': : ~--|'………….|: ,: : : : : : : : : : : : : : : : : : : : : :: : :|………….'|: \: : : : : : : : -,„_„„-~~--~--„_: :: |…………..|: \: : : : : : : : : : : :-------~: : : : : |You've been visited by the propane god, I tell you hwat. Copy and paste this to 5 of your friend's profiles, or Hank Hill will bring the pro-pain"
,Recommended,209080,744597,"Posted: 14 May, 2013",all,Mistokus,"Game is some serious co-op. Kinda wish I refrained from Modern Doodie Black Ops ii, only to save the money for beer and just stuck with this game! Depends on how much money you don't have and how much of a team player you are. I think it is great and cannot wait to see more updates! Love it!"
,Recommended,209080,16852233,"Posted: 2 July, 2015",all,Trjack,"I bought this game on sale almost a year ago? I came to it last summer and I embraced it fully, allowing the Hwatcha shots to pierce my mind and open my eyes to the beauty I never saw. Just let me say, Buy this Team Based, Community Supported, Hateless, Wonderful game.As Shia Lebeouf said,'It seems like, to me, a (Guns of Icarus Match), as a man, would be more desirable than a (Hour Not In A Guns of Icarus Match)'"
76561198041639734,Recommended,209080,18268497,"Posted: 30 September, 2015",all,Notoriousj,It's great.
76561198114961851,Recommended,209080,18261873,"Posted: 30 September, 2015",all,Whitelace,"Fun game but with the lack of players online  you can't really get into a match, best time to get on would be the weekends or after school hours."
,Recommended,209080,18256998,"Posted: 29 September, 2015",all,Invictor,"Really fun game, highly recommend. Love the fact you can move around"
,Recommended,209080,18379313,"Posted: 7 October, 2015",all,BlitzFire1031,"LOVE IT, AND YOU SHOULD BUY IT!!!!!"
76561198113408995,Recommended,209080,17991190,"Posted: 11 September, 2015",all,Fyreh,This game is ONE Of the BEST games i have EVER playedIf you like this style GET THIS GAME NOW!!
,Not Recommended,209080,10256517,"Posted: 27 May, 2014",all,JadeMooseД,TeamworkR.I.P
,Recommended,209080,16136229,"Posted: 2 June, 2015",all,Cluj.wizard,GOOD GAMEGOOD THİNGTEAM GAME
,Recommended,209080,16118852,"Posted: 1 June, 2015",all,Noir Salem,♥♥♥♥♥jogo bixo!Esta metralhadora BIXO!OLOCO MISSEL MEU!QUEM SABE ARRUMA ESSE ESCUDO AO VIVO!
,Recommended,209080,12797871,"Posted: 4 November, 2014",all,Wiggy McShades,The meaning to life can be found within.
,Recommended,209080,13486236,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,Akellast,"It is amazing, I recomend getting your freinds to get it so you may experience it fully."
,Recommended,209080,13486851,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,Judge Kangs,( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)
76561198133884067,Recommended,209080,13506622,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,MAY0,"If this game was a tomato, it would be a guns blazin tomato."
,Recommended,209080,2317564,"Posted: 10 July, 2013",all,[REF]MikeB,One of the most fun games you'll ever play! :)
,Recommended,209080,13507054,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,youtub,"When it works, it's one of the best team based gaming experiences I've had.However, when you're teamed up with a bunch of braindead morons or people who don't speak your language, have fun hitting the hull with a spanner over and over until your ship eventually explodes, at which point your Captain ragequits, along with the crew, leaving you to run someone else's ship on your own or face a leaving penalty.That being said, this is a great game, just make sure to bring a friend to avoid the torment."
,Recommended,209080,13509492,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,Duke Kayn,A really fun game that relies on equal parts cooperation and loadout in order to win or even do well. It has a very enthralling 3dimensional combat that requires spatial awareness. I genuinely enjoy this game in a group of friends and have had good times with random strangers in matchmaking.
,Recommended,209080,13518964,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,Flemish,This has to be the most friendly community i ever played with!Much funSuch wow
,Recommended,209080,13519716,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,FisHie,Yes.
76561198117570096,Recommended,209080,13521798,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,Tortilla,Well amazing game i get to shoot big fake rocket things at people while my friend driving out of no where starts dying from a pulled muscle screaming take the wheel them 2 big♥♥♥♥♥ships fly out of no where and murder us :D 21/10
76561198031941887,Not Recommended,209080,13513182,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,NotAWalrus,This game sucks.
,Recommended,209080,13525042,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,bUbir,"A wonderful game about airship warfare, Guns of Icarus Online sports a steampunk theme that makes it look more special than anything.Buy the 4-pack and play with your friends!Very recommended!"
,Recommended,209080,13466828,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,Hothrus,Great Game with surprisingly good gameplay. Very mature and fun crowd online.
,Recommended,209080,13467533,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,CycloneInAmes,"Fantastic. Fighting on flying boats is one of my dreams, and now it came true. Maybe ... flying ships? But really fun anyway. Definitely team-based. Pretty addictive, one of few games for which you can still laugh even you lose.BTW, Goldfish is really flexible and easy to drive, cannons are pretty powerful as well. Only weakness is those engines. Nice ship overall."
,Recommended,209080,13474268,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,Sir Mike of Litorizz,Fun and unique game that requires meaningfull teamwork.Could use some polishing on the interface part and a bit of diversity with customization but other than that great fun.
76561198015031746,Recommended,209080,10327483,"Posted: 2 June, 2014",all,Baconator,"I first discovered this game on Steam Train. Then I saw Markiplier play it with his friends. I was automatically sold when i saw it was only 3 bucks on steam. This game offers such a mature and great community.GameplayNot much bad to say. It all comes down to communication and precision. The pilot should be able to know the ship he is steering well. this is including it's strong points and weak points. no two ships are alike and the type of communication you have with your ally and the type of ship your ally has can also be a great make or break for the game. Guns of Icarus puts much emphasis on the word ""teamwork"". If your pilot sucks then you guys will die, if the engineer doesn't repair the ship whenever damage is done, you're going to die, and if the gunner doesn't shoot...you pretty much get the idea. I personally think gameplay i most effective when at least two people have mics and can communicate like adultsGraphicsnothing special. I give the graphics a solid 7/10. the characters all look the same despite the clothes and features you can put on them but that really doesnt matter since you're going to be in first person 80% of the time. the scenerios you are put in are majestic. the lighting and climate of the game actually is one of the most strongest points of this game visually.CommunityLike i said, mos of the people i played with are mature and actually focus on whatever they have to do.What i dislike.The leveling up in this game can be a pain. I mean i know the developers wanted to make us EARN AND WORK for our spots but i think it shouldn't take 10 games for me to turn into a level 2 gunner or pilot or engie.They need to add more maps. though the main purpose of the game is to destroy the enemy ship, the maps can get pretty repeatitive.Two words. MORE SHIPS!! Seeing the creativity the makers are willing to put into the ships make me anxious to find out more.The waiting lobbies sometimes take too long to start a game/make a matchFinal thought.Overall this game is worth checking out. if you are the type to rush into games and want everything done in a split second and you only care about winning, then you might not be into this. GOI makes people work together and actually work hard for their rewards. Patience is key in this game. Work together, and enjoy blasting each other out of the skies and i assure you will have an awesome time. Personally i would suggest the average gamer play this game about two or three times a week. overplaying can actually make you get bored of the game. Bottom line this game is something worth buying. HAVE FUN."
76561198079512652,Recommended,209080,10329357,"Posted: 2 June, 2014",all,Perasha,"A very well done game, highly recommended for anyone who, either loves whacking things with hammers to repair them, shooting down other ships, or steering your own to victory.A very nice game!"
,Recommended,209080,10330068,"Posted: 2 June, 2014",all,Ranger,The most fun ive had in quite a while. I highly recomend this game to all.
,Recommended,209080,10332487,"Posted: 3 June, 2014",all,Schwa,"Glorious PvP airship battles, what more could you want?"
,Not Recommended,209080,10318957,"Posted: 1 June, 2014",all,Mr Wonderful,"Don't Bother. The first time I want on and I had never played before I got told ""F***ing leave and I was just waiting to join the the game. so sorry if that's the kind of people that play this game well I don't want to play it."
,Recommended,209080,10319520,"Posted: 1 June, 2014",all,typicaltim,Highly reccomended you play with your friends. Very fun co-operative play. Buy a 4-pack and enjoy.
,Recommended,209080,10320707,"Posted: 1 June, 2014",all,Anesthesia,"Airships! The best thing ever? Indeed!Let us not forget the real reason for the top of the Empire State Building. These mighty vehicles cut through the skies, vast deadly war machines bristling with weapons and ready to explode and send you all to your deaths upon the rocks below. Zepplins are truly the pinnacle of everything that is good in the world and stir the heart of every romantic adventurer. Why don't we have these things for real? It is indeed a tragedy. But that's why this game exists, to fill that hole in reality.I love the dynamic of Guns of Icarus, truly creating a team dynamic where the crew that works best together will persevere. Communication and cooperation are key skills, as well as having each member able to perform in their role and also be familiar with the layout, loadout, and handling of their ship.Loadouts for ships and crew allow for choices to be made for everyone. Does your pilot favour wild tactics that can damage the workings of the ship for greater speed? Do your engineers specialise in repair or improvement? Is your gunner crazy enough to load a great whopping bomb into their cannons?I cannot recommend this game enough. It is a great thing indeed, and captures the feel of air combat as I have never seen before. Buy the game, play it, and play it some more. It is what must be done. Also they're going to add an adventure mode which sounds utterly amazing. I talked to these guys at PAX East this year and they were super. Give them some love and get this game. You won't regret it."
,Recommended,209080,10217331,"Posted: 24 May, 2014",all,robotfly,"While this game has great potential there is somethings you need to consider before you do buy, (i got mine on sale for $5.00)GOI is a ""TF2 in the sky"" there is no single player so its all competitive, that isn't a bad thing though.When looking for a server you must maually find a server from a constantly updating list and most of them are empty so it makes this quite tricky. (I have been told by Terrkas that there is a system in the making to find servers)while I must say the guns on that game are probbally the most satisfying weapons I have ever used."
76561197985890601,Recommended,209080,10338875,"Posted: 3 June, 2014",all,Lazersgopew,Great pvp fun to play fast passed good way to pass some time with buddys
76561198123479187,Recommended,209080,10340149,"Posted: 3 June, 2014",all,CM Hip-Hop,Airship fun
76561197974369287,Recommended,209080,653741,"Posted: 5 April, 2013",all,Space Dandy,"A fun steampunk genre game with character and ship customization options. Currently has team deathmatch and team king-of-the-hill game modes only, but promises an open-world, MMO-esque features in the future with trading missions and the like. Something to definitely watch over the coming months."
76561198011484172,Recommended,209080,10341120,"Posted: 3 June, 2014",all,Ishimel,Like Left 4 Dead with airships-IGN
,Recommended,209080,10376628,"Posted: 6 June, 2014",all,CthulhuWorshiper,I enjoy this game
76561197999856944,Recommended,209080,10365790,"Posted: 6 June, 2014",all,Mance Ossage,http://youtu.be/d_vJIfPyPKg
,Recommended,209080,10089335,"Posted: 11 May, 2014",all,KinDa_2D,"This game is.. well Awesome. I have a blast playing, and the players who do play are generally really cool. This game needs to become bigger."
,Recommended,209080,10089829,"Posted: 11 May, 2014",all,Douglas_G,"Competitive _team_ based play,  class and airship loadout customization.  Guns of Icarus Online is great fun, when you find a few crewmates who communicate.  Also, it seems that the level 1 guys have access to the same equipment for classes.  Dev's, also actively play this game as well, so don't look for this game to have completed its development anytime soon."
,Recommended,209080,10090396,"Posted: 11 May, 2014",all,Dicaprio and his oscar,"Very rare that i play a shooter these days for more than an hour since they are so overdone, but this game is well worth the money and would be great to see it grow a bit more! 9/10Nonstop action and with friends it makes for a great time!Outside of lag here and there its amazing!"
76561198051345573,Recommended,209080,10094610,"Posted: 12 May, 2014",all,The Tactical Exorcist,"Get a headset, you're gonna need it.This game, unlike many other co-op games, relies on a team's ability to communicate and keep an eye on the 'battlefield' around them.  Each crewman/woman chooses from three classes, though up to four can man a single ship.  Ships are varied, ranging from quick hit-and-run sloops and schooners, to slow but heavy 'frigates' with up to five guns at a time.There is player and ship customization, but it takes time getting anything good.  You need to /work/ on a given class to fully understand what they do, and being a pilot can be hard, considering the controls.  Not instantaneously responsive, but realistic without being mind-numbingly difficult.  You can pick it up in a few matches if you work hard on it and/or do the tutorials, but that's as hard as it comes with the classes.I'll be honest, I haven't played much since I don't know anyone else who does, but if you manage to find a friend or two who like this game, I think it'll prove very rewarding when you guys team up."
,Recommended,209080,10051105,"Posted: 8 May, 2014",all,Hawkanus,"Being a Steampunk fan myself and the Airship pilot to be one of my favourite things this game majorly pleased me. The graphics are great and arn't low quality, controls are simple and really easy to use and the whole fact you need a crew to use an airship is wonderful! Its a great team co-op game and a design that really works well, if your a fan of airships, steampunk or blowing other people up, I highly recommend this game!"
76561198026851653,Recommended,209080,10117251,"Posted: 15 May, 2014",all,Romeaux,This game is incredible. The feeling of flying those ships is simply incompareable. Very well done. Highly recommend this to people.
76561198099929536,Recommended,209080,10117290,"Posted: 15 May, 2014",all,AJ,"really fun game if you have friends who also have it, would defenatelly recomend the 4- pack as that really help. Easy to pick up and is really fun :D"
76561198068729288,Recommended,209080,10118062,"Posted: 15 May, 2014",all,[Premium User] Tricksadin,Ewrybody needs to get a blimp cause the blimps are pretty pimp and so on
76561198136441415,Recommended,209080,10119841,"Posted: 15 May, 2014",all,stigcaptian,"As a gamer who grew up on the N64/PS1 i have, for as long as i can remember, been a console gamer. Sure i had heard rumors about the greatest game store in the universe, but i never believed them to be lies. Then one day i'm watching the Yogscast and a see them play this game called guns of icarus. I did some research and came across steam. And that is how the best flying game ever, landed on my desktop."
76561198010613706,Recommended,209080,10120111,"Posted: 15 May, 2014",all,Gilgamesh,"This game is the best game to play with your friends. teamwork is rewarded very highly in this game. one of the most fun games you can buy under 20, worth every penny and then some."
,Recommended,209080,16258235,"Posted: 8 June, 2015",all,Don Bulgim,ghfhfhfdg
76561198046666567,Recommended,209080,5227290,"Posted: 3 August, 2013",all,Chapupi,"Went up to a flak cannon, saw six ships engaging in combat. One was throwing fire at another, whilst that ship was firing huge bullets at another ship, and THAT ship was trying to retreat because noone liked it anymore.love it."
76561198064420373,Recommended,209080,16156343,"Posted: 3 June, 2015",all,OY VEY!,meshprovides
,Recommended,209080,16157723,"Posted: 3 June, 2015",all,Revenge,There's no game without a reference to Titanic
,Recommended,209080,16158241,"Posted: 3 June, 2015",all,loooogik,War thunder+Hindenburg sim 2017+some steampunk stuff
,Recommended,209080,16159140,"Posted: 3 June, 2015",all,vaderman9906,"This game rewards a truely cooperative playstyle. At first I was sceptical thatthis would work out. But after playing for a while, I realised how gratifiying it was to see four people working together to win, and the even more gratifying feeling when it worked. Piloting an airship never felt so fun. With this game, you can feel powerfull and important no matter which posistion you take. This is truely a grea game. It is well worth a buy."
,Recommended,209080,16117979,"Posted: 1 June, 2015",all,Wibu Pekalongan,"This game is a really great game!team work and voice comunication is crucial to achieve victory.but don't worry if there is no one to play with, the bots are smart (yay!)i like to be the commander, feels great to give command to your mates.""hello, this is your commander speaking, we will approach our target at full speed, it's cloudy here, i can barely see anything, *hits cliff* sorry :( ""11/10 would play again with my friends"
,Recommended,209080,2178736,"Posted: 24 May, 2013",all,Zansatsu,"Fun game, check it out."
,Recommended,209080,16147850,"Posted: 2 June, 2015",all,GameGalaxy,I haven't played the game extensively but i do think it's amazing you must work with your teammates and take down a ship before your a** is quickly their's. yes some people are really good and destroy newbies but meh play on noobie servers till u r gud m8 and the moments when i play engi and everything is going to hell and im banging more things then a frickin'♥♥♥♥♥♥are pretty fun and bada** if you survive and kill them or escape
76561198042066450,Recommended,209080,16150250,"Posted: 2 June, 2015",all,Aspro75,"got the game because it was cheap, i am now addicted.  For a basic looking game very fun especially with friends on skype etc."
76561198056622126,Recommended,209080,16176721,"Posted: 3 June, 2015",all,Lord of Lands,"This game is amazingly fun,i have already played 16 hours in a few days,my PC lags out badly though sometimes"
,Recommended,209080,16177157,"Posted: 3 June, 2015",all,Beyond Spookiness,"This game is amazing, Seriously, It may not be the fact your crew is awesome, or that you can Customize your ship/charactor, but its that feeling when you destroy another persons ship, and your crew jumps and cheers in rejoice that they did it."
,Recommended,209080,15283115,"Posted: 9 April, 2015",all,Maj. Aardvark,"Great game, try it out when its on sale or grab a 4 pack for your friends, it'll be worth it."
76561198045034384,Recommended,209080,15204749,"Posted: 4 April, 2015",all,Shobojones,good stuff
,Recommended,209080,15210240,"Posted: 4 April, 2015",all,G.I. Joe,"Pros:- Amazing gameplay when team works together.- Extremely fun with friends.- Community is very helpful.Cons:- Not enough people play to fill the games at times. Small community.- What makes it so fun, can some times backfire when team doesnt work together. Usually resulting in a miserable slaughterfest."
76561198086107273,Recommended,209080,13272824,"Posted: 7 December, 2014",all,Fugazi,addicting game with a great community
,Recommended,209080,13263445,"Posted: 6 December, 2014",all,ColemanT16,"Even though my computer isn't the greatest to handle, this game is super fun despite the lagginess! Great fun!"
76561198063220311,Recommended,209080,13265274,"Posted: 7 December, 2014",all,Gringo,"Cool game that need strategy and teamwork, I recommend it!"
76561198021303030,Recommended,209080,13289732,"Posted: 8 December, 2014",all,Zerox,The only thing wrong with this game is that not enough people play it.
,Recommended,209080,13131605,"Posted: 28 November, 2014",all,Tooshay,"One of the most interesting - and enjoyable - multiplayer games I have played in a very long time.Community could be bigger, but on the whole friendly enough and tolerant of new players.Plus, it has steampunk airships."
76561198115594039,Recommended,209080,13143430,"Posted: 29 November, 2014",all,non,good
76561198088150100,Recommended,209080,13144499,"Posted: 29 November, 2014",all,DEEZ21Z,"Alright, I'm just gonna say what I think. This game is beautiful but dangit, not enough people play!From the immediate looks of the game its just a shooter, shoot whatever you see. But it's not. You have to keep an eye out for enemies and work with your team to prepare for the ineviatble. When you start shooting and the enemy shoots at you, the engineers rush around frantically attempting to put fires out and repair the guns, engines, balloon, and hull armor. This game RELIES on teamwork and is not recommended to anyone that cannot communicate through voice chat. And until December 2nd, ITS ONLY 4 BUCKS! THIS IS ONE OF MY FAVORITE STEAM GAMES AND NOBODY HAS RECOGNIZED IT FOR WHAT ITS WORTH. And my review didnt even cover the character customization, the ship customization, but the most important thing is the intense gameplay that lies in store. Hopefully, fellow pilots. I will see you in the skies!"
76561198084925609,Recommended,209080,13066592,"Posted: 24 November, 2014",all,System.out.print(word UserName);,"The only problem that I see with this game is the fact that you have to buy it, then have an in game shop. However, if you see this game on sale, you should definetly buy it. Most other games like call of duty would have you going solo. This game is much more geared towards co op functioning rather than mindlessly shooting. Fun and the perfect challange for any gamer!"
76561198018600324,Recommended,209080,13066616,"Posted: 24 November, 2014",all,Forged Memories,This is an amazing Co-oP game that you need to work as a team together. It has intense air battles that scratch that itch when it comes air battle games. It has a very complex system in which you need to actually spend time on how to play it (don't be that guy who wants to pilot without playing through tutorial). The only sad thing about this game is not enough players and the small community.
,Recommended,209080,13123508,"Posted: 28 November, 2014",all,Temeraz,ver fun
,Recommended,209080,13103412,"Posted: 27 November, 2014",all,magikerN,This game really if fun when you have a good crew and blow ships up :D need quite some teamwork and thats awesome. i r8 80/8
76561198149645839,Recommended,209080,13049460,"Posted: 22 November, 2014",all,PASCAL csgoroll.com,Th1s GqM3 is soo schwe99
76561198124410123,Recommended,209080,13050717,"Posted: 22 November, 2014",all,Kraige,Great steampunk game of action and guns!
76561198080567770,Recommended,209080,13052042,"Posted: 23 November, 2014",all,Rooster23,Lots of fun but definitly not amazing or anything. PLAY WITH FRIENDS
,Recommended,209080,10253970,"Posted: 27 May, 2014",all,DudePakas,"Very cool game,really impressive world and graphics with smart gameplay! Definetly worth getting.Cons: you want new clothes? you need to pay some extra real life cash :/"
76561198048712516,Recommended,209080,12593349,"Posted: 21 October, 2014",all,Homunculus,my friends resently got guns of icarus as well and i noticed that it is TONS more fuun plaing wiht your friends than obamayoursWARNING__________________________________________________________________________________Play with friends or you will be mc bord
76561198040947459,Recommended,209080,13154666,"Posted: 29 November, 2014",all,Go Skull,"Love the game, love the idea and love how it played."
,Recommended,209080,13084547,"Posted: 25 November, 2014",all,vgames61,"I find Guns Of Icarus Online a fun, team effort, action packed, steampunk, airship battle game. GOIO is really entertaining and is really fun when playing with friends and if you have a great connection with the rest of your crew. I highly reccommend this game to many and I do hope you'll find it as fun as I have."
76561198054198402,Recommended,209080,13085659,"Posted: 25 November, 2014",all,CyborgBarry,
,Recommended,209080,6699122,"Posted: 3 August, 2013",all,El Patron,One of the best airship battle games i ever seen 10/10
76561198068393560,Recommended,209080,13100805,"Posted: 26 November, 2014",all,Moltenfield,"Personaly, I find this game to be a great game. It requires both teamwork, skill, and the ability to prioritize. Everyone has a role to play on the ship they fly off into battle with, and if one person fails their role, it can affect the outcome of the battle. It is somewhat balanced in ships, although someships do require a little tweaking to make it even more fair. Every ship is unique and has it's own set of advantages and disadvantages. An example is that the galleon is strong, yet hard to manuver while the Pyramidion is the opposite. Generaly, this game is a fun game to play, and I'd recomend it to those who look for a challenging team game."
,Recommended,209080,13087132,"Posted: 26 November, 2014",all,Necrodancer of the Raveyard.,"Join a merry crew and take to the skies, destroy anyone who opposes you or go down fighting!Best served with friends"
,Recommended,209080,13055571,"Posted: 23 November, 2014",all,Rinntaq,Co-op online steampunk airship combat....nuff said.communication is key!
,Recommended,209080,13055877,"Posted: 23 November, 2014",all,Azuralan,"This game is brilliant.I hadn't even been played played ten minutes of the game before i was spashing cash on the in-game store, I dont belive anything I can say will do this game justice and you should most definitely check it out."
76561198075604673,Recommended,209080,13059671,"Posted: 23 November, 2014",all,TheLotusEater,"Guns of Icarus is a game I've had my eye on for some time, as the team-focused combat looked well crafted and I liked the idea of an online game focused on aerial combat. There are however significant problems with the overall product which, so far, have hurt the immersive quality of my game experience.The first point is that this game has a tendancy to lag on some servers, a point I'm sure the developers are already aware of. This is problematic because the game is so fast paced; it is certainly fustrating to be firing a gun only to realise 10 seconds later you were firing at nothing and the enemy ship has already passed on. If you are an engineer trying to put out a fire whilst this lag happens – good luck, your efforts will be in vain and the component of the ship you were trying to save will most likely be destroyed.Another problem (and I'm sure I'm probably going to be slated for this) is certain members of the community. Whilst generally I've found players to be mature and likeable, there are 'trolls' who ruin the experience. This would not be a problem if the game had mechanisms to eject players via a vote whilst it is ongoing – to my knowledge there are none. I have seen engineers refuse to do their jobs because they disagreed with the captain; captains refusing to pilot because they think their teams are 'noobs' etc. Let me clarify, if one person does not perform a role on this game the entire team suffers. On the plus side when these idiots finally do leave the game, AI takes over their position and the game can carry on as normal. (TL;DR – The game is crying out for some form of moderating).The tutorials I also find rather ineffective at providing a coherent overview of the game's mechanics. It does not for instance, go into the notion of set-ups etc. Furthermore the game needs further intergration with Steam's workshop; players should be able to make their own ships, weaponry and maps. The fact these features have not been introduced makes the combat seem stilted and stagnant at times.Having said that, the sound track and graphics are unique and so is the premise of the combat. It has a lot of potential and I would recommend it on that basis. However it is clear that the Guns of Icarus has a long way to go; people paying for this game should not expect a finished product by any stretch of the imagination."
76561198067522460,Recommended,209080,13060274,"Posted: 23 November, 2014",all,AlphaSpooks56,Airship Simulator.10/10
76561198104767460,Recommended,209080,13062301,"Posted: 23 November, 2014",all,SNIPERKING,"Theres three classesEngineer- There is a skillcap because of cooldowns, you either can't keep up or are just waiting around.Pilot- Pretty cool, your incontrol of about everything. You pick the ship, tell your crew what to do, steer it, and plan with the other captains.Gunner- It can be pretty difficult to aim when your ship is rapidly falling or under attack, but that just adds to the fun.Great Game"
76561198041527407,Recommended,209080,13039314,"Posted: 22 November, 2014",all,dave.fsp,"This game is a true coop experience and it looks just great. There are micro transactions but only for skins and outfits, so you really don't need to buy anything extra to be able to fully enjoy the game.  The core element is the cooperation and even if you haven't played it much, you can be a valuable part of the 4-member team. But if any of the four crew members doesn't do what is needed, you'll probably gonna loose. If your captain doesn't know what to do and doesn't listen to crew memebers advices, you'll probably gonna loose. It the crew is not so experienced, you cannot win without effective communication unless the other team is consisting of more noobs than yours. So sometimes you can get frustrated by your teammates, but the community is friendly and it doesn't happen to often. It's one of the best coop games ever and I hope the devs will continue adding more content."
,Recommended,209080,13044189,"Posted: 22 November, 2014",all,Lazorus,very good game just make shure you have a good computer because it has some lagging problems
,Recommended,209080,13071724,"Posted: 24 November, 2014",all,MyCaptainMyKing,This Game is worth the money.-wish more people would play the game tho.-Waiting for Adventure Mode
76561198128712976,Recommended,209080,13073841,"Posted: 24 November, 2014",all,TheMilkman,Became a janitor and swabbed the poop deck 69/420 would swab again.
,Recommended,209080,13075242,"Posted: 24 November, 2014",all,5 Year Old Fugitive,I bought this game on my old ♥♥♥♥♥♥ computer. I played the game for 10 minutes until I raged because of lag.I got a new computer very recently. I love this game.Nuff' Said. 10/10 would ram a teammate again
76561198116230815,Recommended,209080,12650227,"Posted: 26 October, 2014",all,Tron5088,"This is a fantastic game, worth it"
,Recommended,209080,12652585,"Posted: 26 October, 2014",all,{ŊîЌ} Zelman #Lachesis,"Great game, worth the small price. Active and fun comunity, lots of events. Worth it! Bought 4 pack for some friends, we all love it."
,Recommended,209080,12660578,"Posted: 27 October, 2014",all,[DFS] OH GOD CORYS IN MY HOUSE,#WhatAboutTheMobula
76561198083009637,Recommended,209080,12661908,"Posted: 27 October, 2014",all,You know what it is,Why havn't you gotten it?
,Recommended,209080,12662724,"Posted: 27 October, 2014",all,=Sticky=,"Grab a few friends or just put on a microphone and take to the skies!Aside from a few weapon and ammo balance issues (Most of which have been fixed), this game is probably one of the better multiplayer games out there right now. Graphically it's not the world's most stunning game, but great gameplay, sound and the steampunk/dieselpunk aesthetics more than make up for it all."
76561197980065173,Recommended,209080,12956506,"Posted: 15 November, 2014",all,Ex Oblivione,This game is utterly amazing!BUY THIS♥♥♥♥♥♥NO GAME FITS THIS PROFILE>
76561198063582799,Recommended,209080,7349978,"Posted: 9 October, 2013",all,Sauron,"One word ""FUN""!"
76561198004154120,Recommended,209080,14501513,"Posted: 16 February, 2015",all,Rockturnal Emission,BEST online game I have EVER played. I love it. BUy it. Now.
,Recommended,209080,14504856,"Posted: 16 February, 2015",all,Don 'Bood,You whack stuff with a wrench to fix it.10/10
,Recommended,209080,14504993,"Posted: 16 February, 2015",all,Vorteth,"Highly recommend!Game is fun, fast paced, and everything can do their favorite task.Great game all around.Also, microtransactions done right, actually micro (not higher than $2 from what I can see) and ONLY cosmetic, nothing pay to win so far as i can see so far."
,Recommended,209080,14507011,"Posted: 16 February, 2015",all,FuriousLemon,OOOOH THIS ONE IS GOOOOOOOOOOOD
,Recommended,209080,15516958,"Posted: 24 April, 2015",all,;),"Great game, a shame that the community is extremely small."
,Recommended,209080,15519395,"Posted: 24 April, 2015",all,sk6aidan,Great online fun with a great concept and a brilliant player base. everything from the art style to the ships you battle in is brilliant. Can't wait for co-op and adventture mode to arrive10/10would airship again
,Recommended,209080,15519820,"Posted: 24 April, 2015",all,Butter,"+ Idea.+ Cooperation+ Destroying enemy's ship feels good.~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~- ""Matchmaking""- Sometimes REALLY annoying.Conclusion: +"
,Recommended,209080,14872090,"Posted: 13 March, 2015",all,RG | bucketman,"A really great game, good to play with friends."
76561197961266861,Recommended,209080,14968322,"Posted: 19 March, 2015",all,Jerball,Extremely fun and highly reccommended game.  Immediate fun for beginners with many layers of this game to master.  Think awesome pirate ship battles in the air.  Great Game.Con:  Not enough players.
,Recommended,209080,13777860,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,2+2,"Fantastic, deep and gorgeous; the greatest LAN game I've ever played."
76561198084828552,Recommended,209080,14968500,"Posted: 19 March, 2015",all,SloweyeJoe,nopthing else like it. crew an airship in combat!
76561198105369843,Recommended,209080,14880481,"Posted: 14 March, 2015",all,Jericho1987,"please developers! i can not enter the game! it was working smoothly, now i am stuck in the log-in screen, please what ever u might have done just un-done it. very depressed here."
,Recommended,209080,1052335,"Posted: 27 March, 2013",all,Taros,This game is amazing. Its the first multiplayer game i've played (save for Left4Dead) that actually truly rewards teamwork effectively. Also everything else about it rocks!
,Recommended,209080,14943244,"Posted: 17 March, 2015",all,robotBison,"Once you learn how to play the game, it is amazingly fun with friends."
76561198019158013,Recommended,209080,3225579,"Posted: 1 August, 2013",all,Games Franco,"It takes teamwork, communication, and strategy to be good at this game.  And with a solid group of friends it can be amazing fun.  The graphics are beautiful, the idea is original and the maps are huge.  A must buy if you enjoy a really good strategy game mixed with first person elements"
,Recommended,209080,14962764,"Posted: 19 March, 2015",all,Saganakis,"Okay, this game is pretty freakin' sweet. If you ever liked steam punk then this game is PERFECT!First thing is first, there are three roles. Captain, gunner, and engineer. They are all ridiculously fun to play and really balanced. If need be, a gunner can do basic repairs or an engineer can hit pretty hard with the guns. So the flow of the gameplay is really balanced.Other than that, the players (in general) are FANTASTIC! When you actually get in a game (not a lot of peole play so there are some waits....) the players interact with you and talk with you. It's awesome!Great gameplay and great company really make the game. The controls are difficult (at first) but I can't really think of any negatives. Besides the long waits in the lobby."
,Recommended,209080,14964830,"Posted: 19 March, 2015",all,Ghōst Kagé,This is an absolutely amazing game requiring constant teamwork and communication. The concept is original and results in hours of a fun. This title is worth every penny!
76561198060097359,Recommended,209080,14965920,"Posted: 19 March, 2015",all,Paladon,"Excellent game. Love the cooperation aspect. Totally defies most multiplayer games nowadays and actually requires communication. It's pretty great, actually."
,Recommended,209080,4307780,"Posted: 21 March, 2013",all,Brigador Lemur (SWE),"Ever wanted to be a crew member onboard a steampunk airship and help fight against other airships?Well look no further then as Guns of Icarus Online offers you that chance to be a captain, gunner or engineer onboard an airship and fight against players while helping to keep the ship running and attacking the enemy."
76561198100632025,Recommended,209080,8846627,"Posted: 25 January, 2014",all,ATCHAFALAYA HATAK,The best teamwork game ever created that I know of. The only issues in the game are other players' ignorance and lack of common sense.
,Recommended,209080,11797065,"Posted: 20 August, 2014",all,CroatianMafia,"Absolutely perfect steampunk airship battle game.If you don't own this, you are missing out."
76561198083126903,Recommended,209080,11800280,"Posted: 20 August, 2014",all,Chubbyfrank,"Game of the year! Can drag your friends onto a flying ship and get them all killed. Best part, can name the ship and put the guys you want on after lvl 3. Still do not know the difference between port and starburst. 10 cottons ♥♥♥♥ing up out of 10"
76561198129304775,Recommended,209080,11802121,"Posted: 20 August, 2014",all,Hendrix,FUN FUN FUN
76561198131378336,Recommended,209080,11803064,"Posted: 20 August, 2014",all,Tepig017,"Badass game that's really one of a kind. steampunk setting battling in the air. it's like a cross between bioshock infinite and battleship! chose your ship, custimize it, then send it into battle to blow up other people's ships. play with freinds as your crew as fly into baloon-ship combat!!!  10/10"
76561198037571348,Recommended,209080,11760263,"Posted: 17 August, 2014",all,Gurkdurn,High learning curve but I could get into this one.
76561198067135841,Recommended,209080,11760427,"Posted: 17 August, 2014",all,lord pyro,"Absolutley incredible gameplay with anamazing soundtrack. make freinds with your crew and devestate the skies, be a speedy pyramidion or a tanky gallion loaded with guns tearing apart any ship that comes near. the only thing that comes even close to a negative is that they haven't released adventure mode witch looks as good if not better than the main game."
,Recommended,209080,11760454,"Posted: 17 August, 2014",all,Necrotic|Godking,Its an amazing game and I love it
,Recommended,209080,11761267,"Posted: 17 August, 2014",all,Winkbell,In the Sky. wow
76561198070450699,Recommended,209080,11761995,"Posted: 17 August, 2014",all,ss.Muffin Man,"Guns of Icarus, was one of my first steam games, it was about 10 bucks at the time and i would definitely say its worth the money.  the game itself is very straight forward and has all the right mechanics, besides the usual glitch here and there, the game is very well coded as well as fun, the people online are usually quite nice even if you are new. its a wonderful game overall and i highly recommend trying it out 8/10"
76561198025693087,Recommended,209080,11752077,"Posted: 17 August, 2014",all,andersenman,It's great fun for quickies and encourages good teamwork because you are sitting - literally - in the same boat. The leveling is a bit murky and non-obvious but it doesn't diminish the fun to be had. Get it and gift it to friends!
76561198147257222,Recommended,209080,11742665,"Posted: 16 August, 2014",all,BizzardoWolf,"Extremly fun and its so much fun to be either a pilot, engineer, or a gunner and i personally think an engineers the best since you have to fix the ship and man the guns when people are lazy."
76561198081905998,Recommended,209080,11742667,"Posted: 16 August, 2014",all,Infamous_Chris,"Best steam game by far. I love it so much me and my crew have a amasing expirence.From driving s ship,to repairing,or shotting it is truley amasing.I rate it 11/10 if u do not like this game somthing is wrong with u."
76561198059855198,Recommended,209080,11743600,"Posted: 16 August, 2014",all,KorneZ,A lot of fun! Play it with friends you won't stop
76561197970754741,Recommended,209080,11744598,"Posted: 16 August, 2014",all,Boone,great game
,Recommended,209080,310236,"Posted: 18 January, 2013",all,Slick Nick,"Deep, engaging, with different skill floors for different classes, this game is a great way for friends of varying skill levels to cooperate competently on a team."
,Recommended,209080,11666923,"Posted: 11 August, 2014",all,Starman,"Alot of fun if your friends play it, graphics are great and the game is well optimized.8.5/10"
,Recommended,209080,3709350,"Posted: 22 November, 2012",all,FreshKiller23,"Guns of Icarus Online, is a great teambased game. Im not sure if there is any other games like this.  Teamwork is number 1 function in this game. Get the teamwork up and going, than you will achieve something awsome."
,Recommended,209080,16313638,"Posted: 11 June, 2015",all,Ching Chang 迪克杀手,great game but it sucks without teamwork
,Recommended,209080,16435715,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,leXie,"As most reviews will tell you, Guns of Icarus Online is a multiplayer team-based steampunk airship combat game.It follows the tale of Sky Captain Maximilian Valentine, CAPTAIN... of THE SKY! as he does battle with the mighty and despicable Biscuit Empire.Or does it?Character customization is pretty good, as is customization of your various fighting derigibles. Cosmetic changes cost Steam Wallet monies, and the playing field is level for all, with the deciding factors mostly being skill level (it is possible to equip yourself and your airship such that combat is very unkind to you, but who does that, honestly?)"
76561198117249666,Recommended,209080,16435926,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,Khan,This game is amazing with friendsMust have
76561198097857245,Recommended,209080,16438170,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,Freyan,"I don't normally write reviews, but I had to add another positive review. I would highly recommend this game, I think it's absolutely amazing and very entertaining. It's different, which is a good thing. It's also a TON of fun with some friends. the 4 pack is what I got, and it's waaay past worth it.Pros:Easy to learnEntertainingGood graphicsCons:Often frustrating"
,Recommended,209080,16463983,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,spooky creepy,"Fun, if you have a full team you know that you can shout at. Looks great, very exciting."
76561198122795952,Recommended,209080,16465974,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,A boy named Sue,Fun game of hitting things as the engineerFun game of hitting things as the gunnerFun game of hitting things as the pilotFun game of hitting things11/10 will hit things with different jobs once they get in the game
76561198078027347,Recommended,209080,16467380,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,"Goroth, Dreadlord of the Deep",Not much to say other than that the steampunk-esque style of the game really fits the overall concept and it is a great time to play with friends.
76561198092187499,Recommended,209080,16474018,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,Finn The Human,Its cool
,Recommended,209080,14857509,"Posted: 12 March, 2015",all,supernewt51,"A great game to play with friends, its easy to get into but will take work to master! The cheap price and sensibly priceed cosmetic items allow a huge degree of customisation without any unfair advantage. With ever improving social support this game gets better and better by the day.Worth the sale purchase!"
76561198184900878,Recommended,209080,14909393,"Posted: 15 March, 2015",all,Pan Fried Cheerios,Awesome Game!
76561198041470939,Recommended,209080,10152497,"Posted: 17 May, 2014",all,Skuth,"Great, top notch indie game. Very team oriented gameplay, defineitly bring your friends. Decent public matching too. Surprisingly not pay to win. Id definetly recomend buyng it."
,Recommended,209080,14933584,"Posted: 17 March, 2015",all,|v£|Frozen DDD,"I enjoyed playing and if you got a lan party or just a team of friends, this is definitly worth a look :) Playing it alone will not give you much though, and it takes some time to learn (there is tutorials so no worry, you'll learn fast).Be careful of your item uses :)"
,Recommended,209080,16006311,"Posted: 25 May, 2015",all,vesta,This Game is really Fun
76561197995233612,Recommended,209080,15713470,"Posted: 6 May, 2015",all,Nekron @ HotS,There are Guns in that Game!
,Recommended,209080,15786537,"Posted: 11 May, 2015",all,MaD,DROP THE FU......NG PRICE AND THIS GAME MAY HAVE A CHANCE!
,Recommended,209080,15998785,"Posted: 25 May, 2015",all,Scott csgoroll.com,Well i bought this game yesterday and i absolutley LOVE IT!It was some bugs but it is so AMAZING.8000/10 airballoons!
,Recommended,209080,15998826,"Posted: 25 May, 2015",all,WOCOCO #MrSergeant2015,"Beat the♥♥♥♥♥♥out of the engine with a hammer to fix it. 10/10, would smash again!"
,Recommended,209080,16000447,"Posted: 25 May, 2015",all,Mark Wahlbang,"Guns of Icarus Online is a very cool concept put to work in a simple and creative game. You and three teammates man an airship and fly into battle against other ships in big, visually powerful maps.PROS-You don't need a $2000+ PC to run the game. It's pretty easy to get going-The game itself is beautiful. Steampunk is the keyword here.-Easy to get into.-Fun, interactive combat-A big variety of airships, weapons and cosmetic items offer amazing customization optionsCONS-Communication is almost necessary to succeed. If you aren't talking to your crew mates and other ships on your team, you are likely to be outgunned and outmaneuvered by the opposing side.-Some majorly annoying semi-frequent connection issues that interrupt gameplay. It is in need of some network updatingOverall, this game is incredibly fun to jump into with a group of friends. Solo experiences can be fun, but you need to actively work with your team.7/10."
76561198037063194,Recommended,209080,16000030,"Posted: 25 May, 2015",all,tinyman69,"An interesting co-op FPS with beautiful graphics, I rather like this game as long as my internet connection is working :)  You can team up with up to 3 friends for a 4 man crew on an Airship, filling positions such as Gunner, Engineer, or Pilot, maneuvering the ship, firing the guns, loading special ammo, repairing/ rebuilding components, and fighting fires.  All around a rather fun game if you like FPS."
76561198077254504,Recommended,209080,16003059,"Posted: 25 May, 2015",all,Peter Päron,fuun gam
,Recommended,209080,16003231,"Posted: 25 May, 2015",all,ΦβΣ,"A most game of sorts , well worth my four dollars and twenty-four cents. Most entertaining!"
,Recommended,209080,15926565,"Posted: 21 May, 2015",all,P. One,weak tutorialnice soundtrackawesome game
76561198094122445,Recommended,209080,16004069,"Posted: 25 May, 2015",all,Bill nye the Russian spy,good fun requires you too work with people you don't know at first and you need team work to win any match.
76561198055720765,Recommended,209080,5866665,"Posted: 14 March, 2013",all,Hansoler,"This game is just brilliant. Generally friendly players, and amazing teamwork aspect. Combat is intense and managable with a good crew, and it definitely feels rewarding each time you down an ariship."
,Recommended,209080,10673766,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,Dat Boi,Guns Of Icarus is a very fun game and I would reccomend it for everyone.Pros:Very cheap during salesGreat comunityAlways new challengesCons:Takes a few minutes to get enough captains to start a gameWhen you ship is on fire the fps diesThe way the mouse kinda glides is annoying takes awhile to get used toLittle customizeationSome classes are much harder then othersOverall ths game is a good buy but I would wait till a sale and get the four pack for around $8 and send it  to your friends
,Recommended,209080,10674658,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,Azoren,"For what it is, this game is a blast. I wish they hadn't monetized all the cosmetic upgrades, but at least there is the ability to unlock some of them for free just by playing. I recommend buying the 4-pack and rounding up a crew of friends because playing with random people is usually disasterous and frustrating."
,Recommended,209080,10676514,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,Mr Bobinsky,i would deffinatly recomend this to every reacently violated cabin boy's and recently satisfied first officer's its just that good
,Recommended,209080,10678193,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,The Wolf From Beyond,"Teamwork, strategy, and blowing things up. 10/10"
76561198116423377,Recommended,209080,10678600,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,Minxtery,"Battleship only better. Various ships and classes to level up in. Great to play with friends or to make new ones, because strategy is key."
76561198067032836,Recommended,209080,10666070,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,Zesambaji,good game!!get it if you dont have it!!
76561198010671162,Recommended,209080,10671503,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,gallidc,"A fast paced fun to play team based battle, you cant ask for anything more."
76561198072749257,Recommended,209080,6699856,"Posted: 8 June, 2013",all,CyberMonkey,Amazing game worth the £15
76561198063666547,Recommended,209080,10685218,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,Sora,Started playing it after a few months and realized why i bought it. the gameplay is awsome and is an easy game to get in too
,Recommended,209080,10664695,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,GlastonburyS,"You battle other flying ships on your own flying ship! Need I say more? This is a very fun and strategic , no match is the same. You can play online with friends or just online with other crews. The three classes are different and contribute to the fights in their own way. Aside from some bugs this is just a fun game. Give it a try."
,Recommended,209080,10665107,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,Cardo,Nice game to hone your co-op and tactical skills and fun at the same time :)
76561198043340257,Recommended,209080,4921409,"Posted: 27 May, 2013",all,Zarentek,"Ever wanted to be a pirate? Ever wanted to be a pirate that flys through the air with WWII weapons technology? If so, you may be interested in this game. Awesome airship battles, with crews of 4 and 2-3 ships per side. Developers have a lot of plans for expanding it as well with an 'Adventure Mode' on the way. Main drag is waiting for a lobby to fill since people have no patience. King of the Hill has just been added and  the game looks like it can only get better."
76561198078481680,Recommended,209080,10890859,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,Lizard,Great with friendsYou're a flying pirate10\10
,Recommended,209080,10890951,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,PALADOG,"I remember playing this game way back in alpha, where it was predominantly single player since nobody was online. It came from a survival game to one of my favourite teamwork games of all time. Although not terribly fast paced, This game forces comminication, teamwork and strategy; which to some will mean a great deal. The game also features stunning scenery, both on and off the ship, ranging from the tiny little cogs and gears on the guns that spin when you shoot them, to the vast and expansive beauty of some of the maps like ""Battle in the Dunes"". I highly recommend this game to anyone who wants to try something that's not your average shooter with vehicles. Ten out of Ten"
76561198042577484,Recommended,209080,10891619,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,AgeofFreeman,"Got this game recommended to me by a friend, so far its been a lot of fun. Very unique experience, and even though the level system is a bit confusing and theres a slight learning curve (i still dont know what all the perks do), its definately worth the buy, especially now because of the Steam Summer Sale. 10/10"
,Recommended,209080,5792473,"Posted: 26 June, 2013",all,Demoman-Senpai,"Simplistic and easy to learn, yet challenging and difficult to master. This game promotes teamwork in such a way that it's impossible to succeed (literally) without a good crew, yet it's difficult to hold any one crew member accountable for a loss.A must have for anyone looking for a solid cooperative and competative title. For the best experiance, make sure you have friends.I'll be seein' you in the clouds, ye scurvey landlubbers!"
,Recommended,209080,458093,"Posted: 4 September, 2013",all,Paulie Gualtieri,"This game ins't hard at all. As long as you have half your crew as engineers repairing the hull, you'll be fine."
,Recommended,209080,4640709,"Posted: 22 June, 2013",all,Raggedy,"Steampunk airship awesomeness, oh my.In this game, you work together with three other players to pilot and operate a steampunk airship in pvp battles. One person works as a pilot, the rest gets to choose between playing as a gunner or an engineer.And it's a lot of fun! There is just something absolutely satisfying about blowing up your enemies ships. The weapons take quite some time getting used to though, but I got the hang of it after a while.The game becomes a lot easier with an experienced captain who communicates with his crew, and the key to success is teamwork, not only with your crew onboard your own ship, but also with your teams other ships."
,Recommended,209080,7887923,"Posted: 2 December, 2013",all,Alderis,"This game has a wonderfully steampunk setting combined with gameplay that demands cooperation. It is challenging, but will leave you immensely satisfied when you are able to pull through and win the day. One of the game's best aspects, however, is its dedicated development team. The guys at Muse put much care and attention to detail, seeking to make a game that is fair and fun."
76561198029476455,Recommended,209080,7889888,"Posted: 2 December, 2013",all,Twisted,"Awesome game, especially if you can find a group of friends to all communicate with."
,Recommended,209080,7890426,"Posted: 2 December, 2013",all,R۞o۞c۞k۞o۞D۞S۞S,This game is way more fun than the metascore says. Even more if you play with 3 friends.Edit:  Actually the User score is 8.8/10. Which is around what I would rate it so far.
,Recommended,209080,7891264,"Posted: 2 December, 2013",all,Cocaine Ninja,An absolutley fantastic game. Coordinating your ship with friends can lead to hilarity. BUY IT!
,Recommended,209080,7891298,"Posted: 2 December, 2013",all,Hell Raven,"If you have 3 friends and find this slightly interested then go for it. You've got nothing to lose. If you don't have 3 friend but find this fairly interesting you will also have nothing to lose.Really you just don't have anything to lose, it's a great multiplayer squad game."
,Recommended,209080,7891657,"Posted: 2 December, 2013",all,Jokerfaic,10/10 would fly again.
76561198092379544,Recommended,209080,7873092,"Posted: 1 December, 2013",all,thicc_mick,fast crazy and fun o ya
76561198043511766,Recommended,209080,4936488,"Posted: 27 May, 2013",all,TheSpecktre,"A fresh concept in today's gaming market, Guns of Icarus Online has players come together as the crew of an airship in a Steampunk setting.  As pilots, gunners, and engineers, it is your job to work together to keep the your ship up and running while shooting the other team's ship out of the sky.  You can even coordinate with small fleets of up to 2 to 3 ships!  This has become my favorite MP game ever.  The teamwork, coordination, and communication required is both amazing and engaging!  Best played with friends, however.  BUY THIS GAME!!!  BUY IT!  GO!  GO NOW!"
76561197971532050,Recommended,209080,523547,"Posted: 30 December, 2012",all,Conditional Love,"Online steampunk-airship battlearena: each team has 1-4 ships each with a four man squad (no personal weapons).  It can be a very rewarding experience when your airship functions as a team and you outmatch your opponent, or just hopeless and annoying.  Don't bother with the objective based modes, Team Deathmatch is where it is at (2v2 to 4v4 ships).The online community is small but dedicated, friendly and helpful. Bots are available but are braindead. There are three classes and a complicated/annoying rank system which you should probably ignore - i.e. always go engineer.Good graphics. A little buggy but has been constantly improving with the excellant developer support. Semi-regular free content updates. Voice chat is recommended but not necessary.Best Squad-Vehicle game around. Get it on sale."
76561198025481191,Recommended,209080,7834778,"Posted: 29 November, 2013",all,magi163,A very fun Co-Op airship flying game. This is really the only game that I am aware of that really makes you and your teammates feel like a crew of airshipmen trying desperately not to fall out of the sky
,Recommended,209080,779869,"Posted: 23 December, 2012",all,interfusion,Awesome game.
76561198028982566,Recommended,209080,7893029,"Posted: 3 December, 2013",all,Hash Hobbit,It's the bees knees.
76561198035368277,Recommended,209080,7893138,"Posted: 3 December, 2013",all,Maganta,"This Game has some great Teamplay acpects. It all about coordination of your crew and your allied fleet. The balancing seems pretty well and the combat is really entertaining. Unfortunately the whole game is limited to deathmatch and domination mode, so it can get repetitive relativly soon. If you have a good crew or play with friends its still many hours of fun."
,Recommended,209080,7894299,"Posted: 3 December, 2013",all,Hezkore,"This game left me with a bad taste after playing the tutorials, but playing online turned it around!Grab a couple of friends and arm your air ship and you're in for a good time.7/10"
76561198027138631,Recommended,209080,7894391,"Posted: 3 December, 2013",all,Petersky,"Teamwork required to achieve anything in the game? Perfect co-op. Gather up some friends, form a crew and DOMINATE THE SKIES!"
76561198078526812,Recommended,209080,7897906,"Posted: 3 December, 2013",all,Canadian_Tom,"Great game, frustrating if you don't have a good crew, but a great game!!!"
,Recommended,209080,30485460,Posted: 12 March,all,General Box,preeeeeety good from my behalf but my pc runs it a bit slower then its meant to be but overall good game
,Recommended,209080,11852847,"Posted: 24 August, 2014",all,Driver,"A Brilliant Game For All The Steampunk Fans. Needs More Players Though, Definitely Recommended For Those Wwho Havve Many IRL Steam Friends."
,Recommended,209080,11987622,"Posted: 5 September, 2014",all,HMan,great game. need more people to play and Austrailan severs. but great game
,Recommended,209080,177721,"Posted: 12 November, 2012",all,cyermyer,"Guns of Icarus blends PvP and Co-Op in an pretty cool, unique way."
,Recommended,209080,11994522,"Posted: 5 September, 2014",all,Envy660,Very fun game. I highly recommend it if you and 3 other friends cang et together and play it so you have a full crew. It can be loads of fun.
,Recommended,209080,11953183,"Posted: 1 September, 2014",all,TOO MUCH LAMBO,It's fun and simple
76561198030493657,Recommended,209080,11962926,"Posted: 2 September, 2014",all,North Star,"Great team work game, could do with getting a team together to make it better but even playing with random is fun."
,Recommended,209080,12768239,"Posted: 3 November, 2014",all,Keyblade Master Nadroj,"Awsome game. Takes a degree of teamwork, as well as profinciey on your own. Every member of the team is importent, and the actions of the team as a whole can mean sucess or victory."
76561198119697229,Recommended,209080,12768290,"Posted: 3 November, 2014",all,kman570,Great game
76561198085619543,Recommended,209080,12769372,"Posted: 3 November, 2014",all,Roki Vulovic,"This is a great game to play with friends, or alone"
,Recommended,209080,12781010,"Posted: 3 November, 2014",all,Avner_Prime,"Guns of Icarus is a Very fun in depth game that brings you straight into the great mechanics and great gameplay. It is one of my most favorite games that I own, and it is a must for any stratagy game fan!!!"
,Recommended,209080,12782938,"Posted: 3 November, 2014",all,Marr,Floating ships.
,Recommended,209080,12883500,"Posted: 10 November, 2014",all,Styk,"Amazing game, wish the themes were more extravagant. 9/10"
,Recommended,209080,12883970,"Posted: 10 November, 2014",all,Pa_Pa,"I definiently recomend this game, it is really, really fun; working with your teamates and your friends."
,Recommended,209080,12884406,"Posted: 10 November, 2014",all,Mango,ship. burned. drowned
76561198141885163,Recommended,209080,12885525,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,blacklight9719,This game is real fun.    It has an alright fan-base i guess.    Graphics are real good.     the real fun though is flying a ship full of your friends   working together to blow the ♥♥♥♥ out of spires n♥♥♥♥♥
,Recommended,209080,12831601,"Posted: 7 November, 2014",all,coolshanth,"Amazing, and well-polished gameplay, no other game fills this niche.Even more fun with friends!"
,Recommended,209080,12832124,"Posted: 7 November, 2014",all,Eragon Ravenloss,"I usually prefer single-player games because there are so many bad communeties that call each other noobs etc. but in this game everyone is friendly wich gives new players an oppertunety to learn the game instead of being called an noob and then quiting, that in addition to great design, gameplay and force of teamwork makes the game one of my favorite titels ever."
,Recommended,209080,12836401,"Posted: 7 November, 2014",all,TheeNightengale,"Really fun game to play with friends :D, get a crew together and cause some chaos"
,Recommended,209080,12731813,"Posted: 1 November, 2014",all,dappyBICEPZ,op
,Recommended,209080,12735342,"Posted: 1 November, 2014",all,Mr Hero,i guess its pretty cool. everybody has different roles but it can get boring
,Recommended,209080,12736420,"Posted: 1 November, 2014",all,BenZee,Please everyone support this game as a charity and is a interesting game ! :)
,Recommended,209080,12736587,"Posted: 1 November, 2014",all,Sythile,"This game, this game. This is the most cumguzzling, squidscrotuming, game of all time.420#2sweg4U/420#swegmonalisacildbearingsatanbirthingmotherof♥♥♥♥gameE3couldn'thandlethisshitevenifitwantedtobutthatsjustmyopinionbut4realisesthisgameifthebestyocangetoutofasodimisedoldtranselphant♥♥♥♥♥♥♥wghilebirthingjesusherselfwhilecummingthecolorofbrownish-puple"
76561198052392305,Recommended,209080,12739251,"Posted: 2 November, 2014",all,Lead Farmer,"It's squad based, steampunk, ship ot ship fighting badassery, what's not to like?"
,Recommended,209080,12722370,"Posted: 1 November, 2014",all,Wormheadz,"Amazingly fun (as long as you develop a good report with your crew, teamwork is key) great graphics, simple controls, awesome soundtrack, well worth the price even when not on sale."
76561197997941469,Recommended,209080,12480002,"Posted: 13 October, 2014",all,FatalJ,"Quite honestly the game suffers from an unusual problem of everyone buying it cause their friends buy it, liking it a lot for the great game that it is, then their friends stop playing to go back to Call of Blandness, World Of Grindcraft or w/e, and then they stop playing too. As such getting a match together can be a little rough at times, and given the skill of some of the long term players out there the game has a pretty steep learning curve.That being said the community on the whole is absolutely amazing, most people are friendly, patient and helpful, teaching newbies the inner strategies of how to play, and generally making the whole experience (even when losing) a pleasant one.Gameplaywise the game does have ""meta"" loadouts that prove very versatile and strong, however individual skill, teamwork and ingenuity can create some very interesting and fun builds, and it is very rewarding to think outside the box and do something unexpected. The appearance of the game is quite beautiful and scenic, making the game generally relaxing and enjoyable, broken up with mad dashes to repair the hull, clutch shots to disable a devasting enemy Hwacha, or a desperate weapon swap to extinguish the fire on your Mortar so you can punch down the enemy ship before your engineer counterparts can get their armour back up.I'd whole heartedly recommend it to people who enjoy a step away from usual recipes for success that every other game follows :)"
,Recommended,209080,12729406,"Posted: 1 November, 2014",all,ϟ Meionnaise ϟ,"This game requires you to play with your friends, if you don't you'll be put up with idiots. But, I still recommend this it requires teamwork, it will challenge your friendship, you and your friends will be yelling at each other no matter what. This game has a truly amazing soundtrack andlooks amazing you'll be addicted to it in a matter of minutes. Get this game at it's full price, and since it's now at discount buy it NOW."
,Recommended,209080,12716007,"Posted: 31 October, 2014",all,TheLucas27,Great community. Great team work! everybody is friendly and its fun to play when you have people to talk to!!!
,Recommended,209080,12718658,"Posted: 31 October, 2014",all,Laz,This game is amazing. Very complex and tons of teamplay.
,Recommended,209080,12719429,"Posted: 31 October, 2014",all,TheNazzaro,I abandoned ship and magically teleported right back. 9/10
76561198045362018,Recommended,209080,12719574,"Posted: 31 October, 2014",all,Chivers,Pretty Boy Swag
,Recommended,209080,12794442,"Posted: 4 November, 2014",all,DemonX09,"Really really fun with friends. Needs more people flying airships, get the word out! If you don't like steampunk and airships you aren't worthy of being a PC gamer."
,Recommended,209080,12796070,"Posted: 4 November, 2014",all,Chug,"Like skyrim, with guns"
76561198152237823,Recommended,209080,12797281,"Posted: 4 November, 2014",all,plourde1773,I don't know what metacritic is talking about this game is great and I got it on sale but is well worth the full price.
76561198042903598,Recommended,209080,12797492,"Posted: 4 November, 2014",all,Robeadactyl,"The game is fun, you just have to be sure to listen to whatever the captain says or, if you're the captain, remember that communication with your crew is the real key to winning. Engineers are the white mages of this game: vital but rarely appreciated."
76561198089013580,Recommended,209080,12797636,"Posted: 4 November, 2014",all,Ilyasviel,"This game is beyond amazing. It's an epic concept designed and presented beautifully. My friends and I absolutely love it. Its massive airships on massive maps and it's massive fun. This is a different type of game from them all, and it's one every person should own and play. Fly on Captains and crew!"
,Recommended,209080,9876906,"Posted: 19 April, 2014",all,DizzyWafflez,"Apocalyptic Steampunk Future, 'nough said. This game had an overall steady and easy enough layout to follow, Blow the F*ck out of the other Airships! I found it magnificent to play, especially when your teamates acted is if you were actually getting the♥♥♥♥♥♥blown out of you will pumping lead into some other grunt! I would give it 3 stars. It is a game you can play when your bored because no matter who your crew is people generally work together to emerge victorious. I have never personally played with friends and still learned to have a good time. I give 3 out of 5 stars."
,Recommended,209080,9878956,"Posted: 20 April, 2014",all,Kamstkurf,"Play as captian or gunman. Fill your role on a air baloon ship in this PvP combat game with several ships with custom setup, maps and gamemodes. Advance in the different roles and blow up the enemies!"
,Recommended,209080,9971373,"Posted: 29 April, 2014",all,Batmat,"This is a very nice game while playing with friends, can be a real frustrating struggle playing solo with random team members though."
,Recommended,209080,5633917,"Posted: 30 March, 2013",all,Joules Von Loij,"This is a dream come true. Come fly the unfriendly skies in Guns Of Icarus. I have crew possitions open for gunners, and mechanics. Keepin' it shiny!!!"
,Recommended,209080,10095351,"Posted: 12 May, 2014",all,Shockjaw,Has by far one of the most active and friendly communities around.
,Recommended,209080,10096686,"Posted: 12 May, 2014",all,GalacticKaori,"Great game!I enjoyed playing it with a team, which now they are my friends and I got into their clan.This game is a great co-op, especially if you have a good captain.But this game could get repetitive, I just started so it's not for me, maybe in the future.Still, really enjoyed it!"
,Recommended,209080,2645454,"Posted: 27 October, 2012",all,Ho Chi Mama,"ADDICTING teamwork based game.  Best if you use a microphone to communicate, but for maximum fun, play over a Skype call with your friends.  Many different tactics, and the environments are stunning.  Able to run on low-end computers."
,Recommended,209080,10098573,"Posted: 12 May, 2014",all,Casanova Legend,its good :D
76561198044147708,Recommended,209080,10099214,"Posted: 13 May, 2014",all,Patalos,"Tons of fun. Best with a group of friends. Fly a ship while yelling at your idiot friends to fix the engines before you plummet out of the sky, shoot the guns at the baddies that are out of range when you could be fixing the hot air balloon that's on fire behind you, or repeatedly jump off of the ship while your clearly superior pilot tries to get you to ""FIX MY SHIP BEFORE WE GET FU-"", Guns of Icarus is fun for many hours, and is an excellent game for you to get if you have several friends that enjoy team based games. Especially ones that make you feel awesome when you work together well."
76561198045924391,Recommended,209080,10099590,"Posted: 13 May, 2014",all,Rem88,"saw some of my Fav Youtubers play this game in a battle royalever since then i've been waiting to get this game to go on sale againnow that it;s on sale, it's probably one of the best $3.75 i've ever spenta multiplayer that involves a lot of teamwork, managing shooting down opponents ships while trying to keep your own afloat, an amazing experiance.if you like pirate ship battles that takes place in the sky, with a dash of steampunk theme, then this is the game for you."
,Recommended,209080,10101487,"Posted: 13 May, 2014",all,Sir_Mr_Hippie,Holy crap this game is great for all you steam guys out there.
,Recommended,209080,10104922,"Posted: 13 May, 2014",all,ico csgobounty.com,Great game must buy if you have friends
,Recommended,209080,10105695,"Posted: 13 May, 2014",all,Tyeia,"I saw the Yogscast vs Polaris game on youtube almost a year ago, and finally got to getting this game. Long story short, i love it!  The amount of teamwork and effort everyone puts in makes the game outshine a game like League of Legend's community. I doubt you could find a game that could equal this one. The Pilot and Gunner are extremely fun classes to play on, and the only class that gives me any issues is the engineer due to the sheer amount of broken things at once. I have loved this game so far, and i am going to buy it for my friends if they want it."
76561198061832101,Recommended,209080,10105864,"Posted: 13 May, 2014",all,kig1056,it is really really fun group game
,Recommended,209080,10039736,"Posted: 6 May, 2014",all,Hunny Rockafella!,Hate Steampunk! Love this Game! 9/10!
76561197989562776,Recommended,209080,1223601,"Posted: 18 May, 2013",all,Fulgwar,Very good co-op game. It requires communitcation and thought and observation to prosper in this steampunk-airship game.
76561198098115826,Recommended,209080,7258681,"Posted: 30 July, 2013",all,Delirium,"Great game. Fresh concept and addictive gameplay. It's brilliant when played with friends, and still quite good when playing with random people."
,Recommended,209080,10036203,"Posted: 6 May, 2014",all,insert name here:,GREAT GAME REALLY FUN!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!(BUY IT NOW!)
,Recommended,209080,11165822,"Posted: 10 July, 2014",all,Dowsha,"Really a great game, set in a steampunk world.great fun to play but in the beginning a little hard to achieve pleasant scores. with the experience comes the fun!"
76561198059917425,Recommended,209080,11166075,"Posted: 10 July, 2014",all,ThatKieranChap,"Guns of Icarus Online is an excellent game that promotes team building and co-operation that many multiplayer experiances today sadly lack. Guns of Icarus Online soars above other team management games as it gives each player on the ship a job to do that will bring their airship crumbling to the ground if they do not do correctly. Unlike for instance, Call of Duty, it is absolutly crucial that you work as a team in the battles as it is the team with the best co-operation that will win most battles. To adress the elephant in the room, there is quite a bit of movement lag when using an average gaming PC like myself but if you experiance movement lag I would highly reccomend playing as an engineer as that is the class best suited to your connection disablilitys. I would lastly like to note that it is highly suggested to own something to talk into, such as a headset, webcam or microphone as this makes the team co-operation much easier. I would reccomend this game to anyone who enjoys co-operation in multiplayer experiances, games such as Team Fortress 2 and Tom Clancy's Rainbow Six series."
,Recommended,209080,11217273,"Posted: 13 July, 2014",all,Turtle boi,Guns of Icarus Online is a post-apocalyptic steampunk airship game pitting 2 teams against each other. The game features multiple gamemodes and many types of ships with different playstyles to choose from. It also has 3 classes to choose from.Pros:Different types of ships and playstyles3 classes with their own essential roles in each crewMultiple gamemodes to choose fromPlenty of cosmetics for characters and shipsCan customise ships and charactersTournaments are frequently runCan easily band together with friends or clan membersGraphics are niceEven on high ping servers lag is hardly noticableCons:Steep learning curveMay have a hard time finding low-latency matches depending on locationOverall I would give this game a 9/10
76561198061438878,Recommended,209080,9159106,"Posted: 17 February, 2014",all,{PHC$}Awesomeguy02,THIS GAME IS ♥♥♥♥ING AWESOME!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!thank you for reading this review.
,Recommended,209080,397496,"Posted: 25 October, 2012",all,SalsaDoom,"Now this, this is fun. The short version is you have one Captain who controls your airship, and three other crew members who are either engineers or gunners. Your lot fights other airships. Its actually a lot of fun -- this game I do recommend. It is a purely PVP game, btw -- but the community seems to be very friendly. Good chaps indeed, tea and biscuits all around! :)PS. The devs seem to be quite intent on supporting this game nicely, new content shows up regularly. Excellent linux support too!"
,Recommended,209080,10520571,"Posted: 18 June, 2014",all,Wan Wan,good game to play with friends
,Recommended,209080,11321506,"Posted: 19 July, 2014",all,Joe,Buy it.
,Recommended,209080,11324496,"Posted: 19 July, 2014",all,Duck Confit,Greatsynergy is needed by a group to be a worthwhile buy
,Recommended,209080,3939622,"Posted: 4 April, 2013",all,Xiango,"Teamwork.  If your not with it, don't play.Success in GoI requires you to co-operate, otherwise you die.Assemble your crew, prepare your ships and get ready to fire."
,Recommended,209080,1950160,"Posted: 30 January, 2013",all,Meroka,"Fly a zeppelin, shoot other zeppelins! Do you need more recommendation than that?"
,Recommended,209080,5133928,"Posted: 16 April, 2013",all,NoWuffo,"This game is probably the most fun I've had in quite a while in online gaming. Forcing 4 people onto an airship and making them work together to keep the damn thing afloat creates an excellent social experience which in itself can yield way more fun and excitement than simply firing bullets or steering a ship alone could create. You must have a microphone and be sociable to fully experience this game, but if you get yourself on a good ship with a good crew, you'll have a great time!"
,Recommended,209080,2482982,"Posted: 6 November, 2012",all,LlamaLlamaLlamaLlamaFuckYou,great game :D
,Recommended,209080,6738337,"Posted: 23 March, 2013",all,Xifihas,"It's surprising how well this concept works considering how difficult it is to get people to actually work as a team in any other game. Maybe being confined to the ship you're on helps, impossible to run off on your own. If you can take the time to learn how the different ships and weapons work it starts getting really fun."
,Recommended,209080,7750865,"Posted: 25 November, 2013",all,Bearbottle,"This game features heavy teamwork and it is a lot of fun, also Steampunk."
,Recommended,209080,222573,"Posted: 11 May, 2012",all,Remarus,"First person airship combat, steam punk, pulling a Crazy Ivan while some chump follows you? Inflate the zepplin Cap'n.  We take to the skies."
,Recommended,209080,8376993,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,GunWing91,"Obtained through the Steam Holiday Sale, the game caught my interest with the concept of working as a team to crew a steampunk flying vessel. It is your goal to outplay the opposing teams' crew, balancing piloting, gunning, and repairing amongst the 4 of you. Now add in more ships with totally different crews, and then the skies will be covered with smoke raining down bullets of hell. Playing with friends is where this game shines, making a dead VoIP room into an onslaught of cheers, shouts, or even threats to one another. But of course it is still playable with the strangers you crew with, adding fun into the randomness that may ensue. My only dismay about this game is the limited online community, though it has picked up with the Holiday Sale at the time of this writing, still very small with competition very minimal. Playing with friends and picking up the basics quick will have you dominating the skies with the influx of ""Goldfishes.""A recommend buy if you have friends to join you. If you're going solo, still fun enough with the random encounters you might face. Fly high and smite those below you!"
,Recommended,209080,8257964,"Posted: 24 December, 2013",all,Gref,Some kinks are still being worked out but this game is a blast. Highly recommend forming a crew with some friends.7/10
76561198035931452,Recommended,209080,8260553,"Posted: 24 December, 2013",all,sFx Paladin,"One of the greatest games i have played in a while, stunning steampunk visuals, as close to possible realism in terms of guns and transversal, This game is made all the better if you convince all your friends to buy it as i did and start a premade crew of your own. Amazing staff, amazing community base.Do not miss this offer, this game is well worth more than the standard £9.99, and 66% off right now as i write this is a steal"
,Recommended,209080,8261152,"Posted: 24 December, 2013",all,Nyaaaa~,"Great game - good graphics, the gameplay is adrenaline packed. The only bad thing is the leveling system in my opinion."
76561198112328369,Recommended,209080,8262856,"Posted: 24 December, 2013",all,Sebby,great game to play with friends
,Recommended,209080,8264604,"Posted: 24 December, 2013",all,Ran,"This is honestly one of my favorite games ever.Especially when you find something you are good at and can stick with it, to help your crewmates out.The tactics are fun, the controls are pretty well thought out and the other players are generally really nice."
,Recommended,209080,8264811,"Posted: 24 December, 2013",all,Jake,"Great game if you have a nice group of friends or a gaming group. For 15 dollars it's a very fair deal and you will get many hours of enjoyment from it. Besides, who doesn't like huge warships blowing each other up in mid flight.."
,Recommended,209080,8199805,"Posted: 22 December, 2013",all,Tolta,"Incredibly fun. At first I wasn't sure what I was going to get into, as some of the videos I had seen of the game made the animations look a bit clunky and I believed the air combat would be a bit of a shambles, but upon playing it, that opinion was changed entirely!The movements are fluid and it takes some skill to hop around on the ship in a way that saves time and keeps your feet on deck instead of plummeting through the air. The teams I have been a part of have also seemed well balanced, and I have never had a match so far where the main factor in a loss is a gigantic skill gap between teams. The customization options in this game are pretty incredible also, as despite the fact the game has micropayments for costumes that will only be seen by team mates or on the victory screen, there are still a few costumes that are free and interesting.Getting away from appearances, the actual in game customization is pretty good as well. There are many ships to pick from, each with their own stats, layout and convenient difficulty rating. There are also a lot of weapons to pick from for these individual ships. Then there is player customization, where you can pick various equipment to help you out in a round. Lots of this leads to lots of variety, yet it is pretty fast to chew through it all.In conclusion, the game does have its flaws, but it has enough in it to hook you as a new player and really keep your interest for a long period of time. Well worth the price, especially if you can get it in a sale!"
76561197986927571,Recommended,209080,12697283,"Posted: 30 October, 2014",all,Laner666,great fun game requires coop so teams recommended
,Recommended,209080,12699069,"Posted: 30 October, 2014",all,Xhon19,"Super fun team based game! Every role is fun to play and the you really feel the responsibility that goes with that. Communication is key and the game features make it easy work with friends and strangers alike. Super fun! If you're on the fence, it's definitely worth a try!"
,Recommended,209080,12704235,"Posted: 30 October, 2014",all,Ṽαnїℓℓα (:,"Wow! This game was amazing with Friends... Each one of my friends had their own specific Role that was -extremely- important for commanding an Air Ship. The Pilot, The Repair Man, The Gunsman... Without the other, there was no winning. This game is completely based upon your Team Coordination and Communication. So much fun!"
76561198070183712,Recommended,209080,12704376,"Posted: 30 October, 2014",all,Sleepy.af,"Most fun I've had in a multiplayer game in a long time. After finishing the tutorial and getting into my first match, I'm met with nice and amazing teammates who helped me learn and fly our ship to victory 3 mathces in a row, getting only shot down once! Amazing game and is definitely worth the money."
,Recommended,209080,12704641,"Posted: 30 October, 2014",all,saitama_(bottjar),this is really funny game
,Recommended,209080,14057944,"Posted: 18 January, 2015",all,zombiesrocko1011,"Tried to jump onto an enemy ship, died 10/10 would play again"
,Recommended,209080,14057985,"Posted: 18 January, 2015",all,DarthLofus,Possibly the most unique co-op game I've ever played. Nothing is more fun than sailing through the skys smashing enemies with your friends.Pros:-Good balance-Good co-op-Giant cannons/flamethrowers-AirshipsCons:-Attention demanding-Hard to learn piloting-Matchmaking
,Recommended,209080,14061991,"Posted: 18 January, 2015",all,GashNashty,Its good. Get it.
,Recommended,209080,14048228,"Posted: 18 January, 2015",all,crozo,I will never trust metacritic again...this game is absolutely atleast a 9/10 - 9.8/10A flawless masterpiece
,Recommended,209080,14050512,"Posted: 18 January, 2015",all,☭CRUV,Captain: We need someone to scout the surroundings!Me: Ok!*Fell of the ship*
,Recommended,209080,14054094,"Posted: 18 January, 2015",all,Woodybun,Great community
,Recommended,209080,13811819,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,Man,GREAT GAME
76561197995256194,Recommended,209080,13813532,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,BetaMaximum,Absolutely amazing.
,Recommended,209080,13889489,"Posted: 7 January, 2015",all,Ahri,Like fighting people with ships? buy this game.Like steampunk? buy this game.Like crashing a ships into objects? buy this game7.8/10 not enough water
,Recommended,209080,13894520,"Posted: 8 January, 2015",all,Kyro,"An absolutely brilliant game which displays the Unity Engine's Potential. The teamwork involved in this game is astonishing and never in a game have I formed a relationship with strangers so quickly. It's very difficult to decide what genre this game falls under, but it is a great game none the less and you should definitely purchase this."
,Recommended,209080,14014400,"Posted: 16 January, 2015",all,SeriousBug,"The game is incredibly fun, especially when played with friends. The graphics and music are nice, but where the game shines the most is the gameplay. It is heavily teamplay and tactics oriented. Just watch the gameplay video on this store page. Certainly my favourite multiplayer game."
76561198086820804,Recommended,209080,14022336,"Posted: 16 January, 2015",all,ShadowAries1,"Very fun, and adctive. The teamspeak client used is almost flawless, and has great audio quality to comunicate with you team. Love the steampunk theme, and all the rustic like texture, it all binds together nicely. Would definatly recommend this game to someone looking for a good FPS sort of game that takes good team work."
,Recommended,209080,7944138,"Posted: 6 December, 2013",all,SyndicatedINC,Most fun you can have with other people while wearing clothes!
,Recommended,209080,8338977,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,zShinjiz,this game need more players
76561198062179402,Recommended,209080,8326008,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,Nikill025,EPIC flying naval fights
,Recommended,209080,8340848,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,OCEAN MAN,"One of the best gaming experiences I've ever had.  Not so fun to play slolo, however if you have a reliable team of friends or players, it makes the game so much more enjoyable.  Extremly cooperative and forces you and your crew to work together."
76561198091272896,Recommended,209080,8341486,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,Vado,Really fun game!
76561198061757715,Recommended,209080,8343393,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,Dan,best game ever a must buy
76561198071227838,Recommended,209080,8343976,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,Grezzdorn,Really like it its fun with friends
76561198050613372,Recommended,209080,8344221,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,[NOBL]Bjmp42,Steampunk's Dreams!!is rly good
,Recommended,209080,8330747,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,s2601d,"Amazing gameThis game make me again kid, and remmember times of Arcanum with huge engines, cylinders and zeppelin ships"
76561198082938965,Recommended,209080,8324117,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,Granuke,This game shows a new way of air combat. A way not many game devs explore. For a game that uses teamwork and strategy equally I give this game a 8/10 :)
76561198065794957,Recommended,209080,8326007,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,Josuke Higashikata,EPPPIC. NO RAM PLS!
76561198021134508,Recommended,209080,8286371,"Posted: 25 December, 2013",all,Gorilla of self Respect,GGGGOOOOODDDD!
,Recommended,209080,8215923,"Posted: 22 December, 2013",all,Street Louis,"Awesome game to play with friends, better with skype/teamspeak though."
76561198061598984,Recommended,209080,8215938,"Posted: 22 December, 2013",all,DickWeezle,Good
76561198050482269,Recommended,209080,8218910,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,Nemo,One of the best team games out there. 9/10
,Recommended,209080,12947078,"Posted: 14 November, 2014",all,VIG,An under rated unique fps that needs more exposure
,Recommended,209080,3825955,"Posted: 19 July, 2013",all,Qro,"Tons of replayablity and if you are a competitive kinda guy, it is for you.Community is cool headed, great humor, and tons of new stuff to come."
,Recommended,209080,12969874,"Posted: 16 November, 2014",all,Mk4UmHa,"The game is pretty awesome, i don't know why it's only getting a 64 rating. This game requires alot of teamwork and competant players to win a battle."
,Recommended,209080,12989094,"Posted: 17 November, 2014",all,DannyBoyK,This is my favorite game. Period
,Recommended,209080,12990567,"Posted: 17 November, 2014",all,SavorySmack,"A wonderful game full of silliness, airships, and steampunk. One of the best, most supportive gaming communities i've ever been a part of."
76561198075174210,Recommended,209080,13209856,"Posted: 3 December, 2014",all,FUNK-MACHINE 3000,"Propably the best LAN game to play with friends, absolutely a delight! 10/10"
76561198067234550,Recommended,209080,11865846,"Posted: 25 August, 2014",all,Raidoren,This is a very good gameThe action is fast-paced and exciting.A good team can make or break a matchCostimization could be more expansiveHours of fun
,Recommended,209080,13206999,"Posted: 2 December, 2014",all,[DK] Ratchet457l #Kanye2020,"It's a fun game to play and the community aren't made up of complete ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s. People here and there might be stubborn though. But still is a absolute good game. It's solid, no bugs and glitches that i could find, and has a awesome worskop where you can actually make good content and share it to the community."
,Recommended,209080,13207562,"Posted: 2 December, 2014",all,sEver,"It's hard to describe how sweet this game really is.Starting with the smooth physics of the airship flight with the inertia that feels just about right, through the sounds of guns, and voice acting to the actually surprising simplicity of it all.I love how simple things are in the Icarus Online World. Sometimes it feels like being in one of the Studio Ghibli airship themed movies.Game has ingame voicecomms, so mike comes handy. There is also a very handy signaling system, where you can announce certain events or commands, like spotting an enemy, crewing guns and the need to turn the ship left or right to get your target within your gun's firing arc.Some fights are pretty hectic, but if your crew really wants to win and does the stuff that needs to be done, you will have a lot of back-and-forth matches that are won by 1 point and during which you'll bring the ship back from the brink of certain death by hiding in the cloud or behind an obstacle and repairing the things you need to repair.You enter the lobby as a gunner. Your captain asks you to be an engineer, you go engineer.Match starts.You take out your spyglass and you look around, is that an airship behind the edge of this cloud?Yes it is, you spot it for your crew, and you use the fast-signal system ""Enemy spotted on starboard side"".Your ship starts to move and turn, Captain signals ""man the fore guns"", gunner sits on the starboard gun and tries to turn it forward.Ok, you man the forward gun, it's an artemis missile launcher, you aim it at the enemy and fire one shot.Large white hit indicator confirms your shot was on-target.So satisfying.You fire few more.""Good shooting"" you hear in voicecomms. Your captain sounds 13 at best.You reload the missile launcher and suddenly you hear the sound of baloon beind shredded by flechette shots. Another enemy ship sneaked up on you from the port side above. It moves over your baloon and enters the firing arc of your starboard battery.Your gunner on the starboard chaingun opens fire while you run to the baloon.Luckily they didn't use incendiary charges and it's not on fire. One hit with the hammer and the thing is good as new. You did receive some armor damage in the meantime though, as the exchange of fire with the enemy airship goes on.You run to the armor station and hit it with the hammer. Wait the cooldown. Hit it again. Thing is fixed. Apparently the gunner already managed to disable their engines and captain managed to move your ship right behind theirs. Your second engineer mans the second starboard gun. It sounds like the 30mm. The hit indicators on their ship start turning red when both your starboard guns go into reload. They're receive hull damage, it's almost over.You're so excited you didn't even notice the second junker right until it rams your baloon at full speed enhanced with moonshine fuel additive.Yes he probably burned half of his engines with it, but you're pushed away from the target and your baloon is heavily damaged.You are losing altitude and taking fire. Captain says something about repairing everything, he sounds worried. Both enemy airships land good hits on you as your mobility is severily lowered by the fact you're now plowing through the sand of the desert beneath you rather than flying through the air. You try to fix the baloon but it's shot to shreds right after you manage to rebuild it. Situation is dire.""Repair the hull"" someone signals.You run to the hull, armor is gone, so you need to rebuild it, you hit it few times with the wrench and it can tank few more hits, prolonging the live of your ship and crew for few more seconds.You look up at the enemy ships and right when you do a swarm of a dozen of smoking and flaming rockets lands on the closest enemy. Friendly Goldfish class airship moves between you and the enemies. Essentially blocking their line of fire and taking the rain of bullets for you.You take the opportunity and you run to the baloon, you repair it and your captain gets the ship up into the air again.One enemy junker runs away, it's crew terrified with the rocket barrage. Your and the friendly Goldfish gunners quickly disable the engines on other enemy ship and his time is soon over. He goes down smoking. You can see even without the spyglass that the crew of the friendly Goldfish is jumping with joy. You've prevailed.""Man the fore guns"" comes the signal. It's easier to hit engines on a ship that has it's back turned towards you while running away :>"
76561198110544500,Recommended,209080,12932654,"Posted: 13 November, 2014",all,Mister Mitch,One of the worst communitys I've ever seen(second only to LoL). Even if the game was easy to learn I still wouldn't wan't to play this game.
76561198042045437,Recommended,209080,4807496,"Posted: 28 May, 2013",all,Jammer,is fun
,Recommended,209080,13190213,"Posted: 1 December, 2014",all,StormShadow.GFX,Love this game!
,Recommended,209080,8235092,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,brandon.lee.delahunty,Breath-taking visuals coupled with easy user interface and fair learning curb make this a superb game.
,Recommended,209080,8171286,"Posted: 21 December, 2013",all,Berg,"One of the finest games existing, The Sound effects are blasting ! The gameplay is unbeatable! More players should definately buy this game and help us get the servers to full matches and more!"
76561198044954997,Recommended,209080,8171598,"Posted: 21 December, 2013",all,Moppet,g
,Recommended,209080,8174316,"Posted: 21 December, 2013",all,=ENG= Joey,This game <3Not many words can describe how much fun I have while playing this game. The community is amzing and really nice and the developers often pop in for a chat.If you haven't bought this very unique and beautiful game yet you are clearly not playing one of the best games on steam.
,Recommended,209080,7905447,"Posted: 3 December, 2013",all,Deadly,"awesome teamwork based shooter, if you cant shoot, you can be a pilot or engineer and help your team soar to the top of the scoreboard!"
,Recommended,209080,7905896,"Posted: 3 December, 2013",all,erickpasta,"I really enjoy this game quite a bit. It can get pretty crazy, especially with 4v4 (16v16) matches. I do wish you could go up to 6v6, though... Oh well, nothing's perfect."
76561198043754075,Recommended,209080,7906125,"Posted: 3 December, 2013",all,Shawka,steam punk airship battles what else can i say.
76561198059641737,Recommended,209080,7908200,"Posted: 4 December, 2013",all,Sevrin,"Cool steampunk air battles, beautiful graphics, whats not to love?"
76561198059196688,Recommended,209080,7910478,"Posted: 4 December, 2013",all,Haru The Potato,"Oh my goodness, this game is simply awesome, involves strategies and skills.. battleship has never been so fun and intense! :D a must play game!"
,Recommended,209080,7920553,"Posted: 4 December, 2013",all,Osarusan,"A great co-op battle game with RPG elements. This is a wonderful refreshment for those who are a bit tired of TF2 and other FPS games, but still want to play something similar. The necessity of teamwork makes this really fun... I wish that MMORPGs were this innovative."
76561198035871035,Recommended,209080,7920578,"Posted: 4 December, 2013",all,Chindig,"I never write reviews.  Like ever.  Movies, books, games, they may be great, but I couldn't really bring myself to actually sit down and write about them.  Until now.Imagine you are a captain aboard a ship, you navigate the ship through treacherous terrain while managing the crew on board.  You find yourself sailing through fog, unable to see anything past the stern of the ship and slow the propellers down so you don't accidentally smash into the rocks.  Slowly, but surely, you drift out of the fog.  Taking a second to look back at your trail you see a dark shape appear in the fog and realize that it's another ship!Immediately you pull out your spyglass and mark the ship so your crewmates know to be ready for battle.  Swinging the rudder around, you do an about face and face down the ship, ready to decimate it with your strongest weapons.Now, imagine you are doing all this 1,000 feet up in the air, and the ship you are piloting is actually a heavily fortified zeppelin.  And then imagine that as you approach the enemy ship, another ship suddenly appears above you dropping down to attack you from behind.  Your baloon is quickly deflated and you have only seconds to get back to it and repair it before you crash.  You rush back to the balloon and hammer away at it, sighing in relief as your zeppelin rises back into the air, only to realize that you left the rudder with the ship heading full throttle straight into a mountain.  Back to the rudder you run and quickly swing it to the right, allowing your crew to rain flaming death on the zeppelin behind you.Imagine, for a moment, that you literally can't stop moving if you want to stay alive.  Breathing becomes something you have to remind yourself to do as you alternate between flying your ship, repairing it and collaborating with your crewmates.Every member counts and if just one of the four people on your ship doesn't pull their weight, it's all over.  You get to watch your ship fall in a blaze of fiery dismay.This is Guns of Icarus.  It left me breathless, and that's something not many games can do."
76561198084812053,Recommended,209080,7068008,"Posted: 17 August, 2013",all,Pastasam_,"A great game with an original idea! :DYou and your crew on a flying ship have to take down other flying ships with teamwork, guns and repairing.Be a Engineer and repair ship parts.Be a Gunner and shoot down ships with different ammo rounds.Or be a Pilot and fly your ship.10/10(There's more to it if you wanna play. :) )"
,Recommended,209080,7978967,"Posted: 8 December, 2013",all,Evanxz,"This game is really enjoyable when you play with your crew/mates.It encourages teamwork within the party in order to make things work out.Unfortunately,this game has a low playerbase in Asia but I hope people will really give this great game a try"
76561198074650307,Recommended,209080,6769275,"Posted: 27 May, 2013",all,Valik,"Loads of fun and very simple.It's not too dificult and not to dull - something that you can sit back and play unlike most first person shooters.Flying is dynamic and amazingly fun.Shooting and repairing can be challenging, but is very rewarding when it wins a firefight.By all means, a worthy addition to any gamers library. 9/10"
,Recommended,209080,7979681,"Posted: 8 December, 2013",all,Skootz,"One of the most unique, engaging multiplayer experiences I have ever played."
76561198069808604,Recommended,209080,6589524,"Posted: 26 May, 2013",all,Ghlain,Massive Steampunk Airship battles. Where you and three other people crew a ship and fight other crewed ships in epic strategic fashion. You really need to try this.
76561198016477040,Recommended,209080,14510518,"Posted: 16 February, 2015",all,Rick C-137,"Overall a good game, the classes are neat, the ships interesting as well as the variety of weapons. Definitely worth it, cant wait to see where they take the game too."
,Recommended,209080,14516090,"Posted: 17 February, 2015",all,abu the monkey,team go!
,Recommended,209080,10182310,"Posted: 20 May, 2014",all,✪ Paasy,How to Describe GoI ? ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥AWESOME!10/10 Would buy again.
76561198038605399,Recommended,209080,14550753,"Posted: 19 February, 2015",all,Fist99,This game is amazingly fun. Large maps combined with flying pirate ships makes for an amzing time. If you've ever read The Edge Chronicles this is about as close as you'll get to being a sky pirate. 4.5/5 for being a little laggy.
76561198059058580,Recommended,209080,6102164,"Posted: 6 August, 2013",all,Nac Mac Feegle tim,hard to master but loads of fun with others that have mic capabilities. nothing beats this steampunk aeronautical airship battles.
,Recommended,209080,14551988,"Posted: 19 February, 2015",all,Tusker08,"This game is quite unique.  Although the graphics could us some work overall this is a well made game.  The premis of the game is you are on an airship with three other people, one person is the captain and the other three are either engineers or gunners.  The object is to destroy the enemy ship(s).  The game has an almost ""Steampunk"" theme to it through the customes which I think complements this type of game perfectly.  This game involves teamwork and is very fun to play with your friends.  You can communicate to your team through either voice chat (easiest way) or typing.  There are multiple different maps you can play on, each different from the last.  Each ship and character are customizable, and yes there are micro-transactions for more costumes etc.  Overall I would recommend this game, well worth the price especially if bought on sale and many hours worth of fun with your friends.  There are minor bugs but nothing too serious."
,Recommended,209080,14555062,"Posted: 19 February, 2015",all,Foba Bett,"Crazy fun, addicting and beautiful gameplay...get afew of your friends together and wreck the other people's blimp!!Oh forgot to say ""RAMMING SPEED!!"""
,Recommended,209080,14557378,"Posted: 20 February, 2015",all,Frahance Chuky,GOOD FOR YOU !
,Recommended,209080,14565151,"Posted: 20 February, 2015",all,Spookghetti,"Easily one of my favorite games of all time! The game puts you with a team of four players, who if they follow the games recommended party build, will consist of 2 engineers, a gunner and a captain. You and your time then fly an air ship along with your other teammate(s) to try and destroy the enemy ship. They game is fun, and very, very reliant on teamwork. I'd recommend playing with friends, cause if you do, you'll be playing this game for the next year easy."
,Recommended,209080,25717304,"Posted: 26 September, 2016",all,SkriffinSnowman,Extremely fun and you will never stop. You just gotta steer that ship for the night.
,Recommended,209080,25794245,"Posted: 30 September, 2016",all,BattelMatter,"nothing is completely clear in the game, alot of finer details require visiting websites, made by the developers, the gunner role has almost been made pointless, as keeping the ship in one peice usualy comes before all else. most guns only need one type of ammo for an entire match, making the gunner just pointless"
76561198123372718,Recommended,209080,25533529,"Posted: 16 September, 2016",all,Luibud,Guns of icarus is an AMAZING game great community great active dev teamand it is one of the best team based games ive ever seenalso its steampunk airships does not get much cooler than that
,Not Recommended,209080,16658163,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,High Lord Annihilus,"New Review: The devs said Alliance was DLC for this game, not a whole new game we would have to repurchase entirely. ♥♥♥♥ them for ♥♥♥♥ing us.Original Review:Dear god, what can I say about the gem that we call Guns of Icarus Online...It's amazing. I love it, even with such a low playtime. If you get a captain with a mic that does his job properly, noone can stand in your way. The varying tactics that come with using different ammos, the uniqueness of the ships and what each ship is suited for... It may seem to be insane of me to praise the game in such a way, but I personally feel the game deserves it.9001/9000""Don't h8 m8 just r8 it gr8""."
,Recommended,209080,30866005,Posted: 31 March,all,∑∆WaffleGuy∆∑,the only game where you can do these things
,Recommended,209080,7502947,"Posted: 28 October, 2013",all,Augell,Great game!Working together to survive on a flying ship has never been this fun!I don't know how many times the ship I was piloting has been blown up because the engineers on my ship couldn't fix the goddamn balloon/engine/hull/guns.Love it!
76561198050706735,Recommended,209080,25725017,"Posted: 27 September, 2016",all,darkdrake666,awesome... just awesome
,Recommended,209080,25945019,"Posted: 9 October, 2016",all,DEADVI,i love this game teamwork some time fun and fast need to react and that is so mutch fun i want every body play this it cool en if you have a frend crew it is than more fun
,Recommended,209080,25957696,"Posted: 9 October, 2016",all,Stalin,I would have a baby with this game if it were to increase its sever population.I love it so much.
76561198113405376,Recommended,209080,24815443,"Posted: 10 August, 2016",all,Dunk your nutz,1. Very team based. If you lose one player you lose.2. not a whole lot of players which is a negative.3. You get to shoot things and is quite fun!4. Has a mediocre community.5. Very fun with friends.6. The new dlc (Guns of icarus alliance) is actually really fun to play!All around its a 6.5/10
76561198182777595,Recommended,209080,24814152,"Posted: 10 August, 2016",all,Casca,"An amazing game, but buy dlc."
,Recommended,209080,24757739,"Posted: 7 August, 2016",all,DeusJensenGaming,I gotta say its a shame on how low the pop is dispite how many youtubers have featured the game. This is an amazing game. I urge you to tell your friends about it :D
76561198016997891,Recommended,209080,24781604,"Posted: 8 August, 2016",all,spifomie,"An excellent co-op class-based PvP (and now PvE!) steampunk airship sim with outstanding developers and a generally good community, that suffers only from a semi-small population base at non-peak hours (though outstandingly large compared to other multiplayer only Indie titles after 3 years).Well worth the tiny price of entry, and even frequently goes on sale. An excellent gift game."
76561198049536867,Recommended,209080,16933159,"Posted: 7 July, 2015",all,maxkm5st1,"This game is amazing, a four pack with willing friends is even better but it is still incredibly fun by yourself. If this game is ever on sale this is a must buy addition to your steam library."
,Recommended,209080,24873654,"Posted: 12 August, 2016",all,Dustii-chan,"Best $15 I've spent on a Steam game in quite a long time. I play with a good friend of mine and we've been having a blast in the first 4 hours of me owning this game. Each player role is important to a ship's success, and that's something we don't see today in competative games anymore. Would gladly play this over any other PvP game."
,Recommended,209080,24802229,"Posted: 9 August, 2016",all,Mr. Biizon,A true game of strategy and team-work. Going in cold without a plan is the fastest way to join the rusty wrecks below you. This game is pretty awesome.
76561198135696503,Recommended,209080,24862603,"Posted: 12 August, 2016",all,Mitchell,"The community is great, the game is great, and runs great. all in all a great game"
,Recommended,209080,10185733,"Posted: 21 May, 2014",all,herpie,fun game
,Recommended,209080,25008915,"Posted: 19 August, 2016",all,Panda,"The game is amazing and fun to play, just lacks players that are playing it"
76561198005287777,Recommended,209080,2292727,"Posted: 27 May, 2013",all,aalkul,fun in a bun
76561197969302422,Recommended,209080,13347702,"Posted: 13 December, 2014",all,davetiger,"Excellent game for team work ... if anyone is slacking you are dying :)Game is all about teamwork, 3 guys mix and match between gunners and engineers while another pilots the craft.  Does choosing engineer mean I can't use the guns? NO, you can even use the pilot chair as engineer or gunner, you just won't have the special skills.  The 4 v 4 (16 on 16) fights are pretty rough but you get to start in the 2 v 2 (8 v 8) fights while you learn"
,Recommended,209080,13978837,"Posted: 13 January, 2015",all,Bruuhhhhh,"I absolutely love this game. Great game for buddies to play at night, and great game to meet new friends. Not highly competitive and has a good spirit to it. It's very cooperative and honestly, it needs more attention for how cool it is."
,Recommended,209080,4736055,"Posted: 19 May, 2013",all,Rebelhero423,I love this game. Its great co-op fun with a decent element of strategy and lots of explosions. i love the steampunk look as well
76561197975629741,Recommended,209080,691469,"Posted: 19 February, 2013",all,Devil [@@],"Alright, I've played this game on and off for ages now so I figure it's a good time to re-write my review.GoI Online is honestly one of the best ""teamwork oriented"" co-op game I've ever played, and I truly mean that.  There are plenty of co-op games out there but surprisingly enough, no one has really thought to place everyone as a crew aboard a single vessel that I'm aware of.  This sort of idea really leads to some amazing gaming that is a blast with your friends.Not only does it allow you and your friends to test your mettle together, you can single out your not-so-savvy friend and make fun of them endlessly for sucking and getting you all killed.  How on earth has no one thought of this idea before?The steampunk airship scenario is also another area that no one has really tinkered with before, but it is a terrible amount of fun.The only game that came close to this that I'm aware of is AirBuccaneers, but that game has been stone-dead for ages now, and frankly, it was still ""every man for himself"" in a manner of speaking.GoI Online forces you to work together and coordinate your actions in a way I've never experienced in a game before, and it is bloody fantastic.This game is far too underpopulated to be as awesome as it is, and I firmly believe that is simply due to it being a small-budget indie game that can't pay for the advertising on its own.So, on to the review-type stuff.PROS:-Unique idea to invoke teamwork-Unique setting and background-Huge variety of customization options (cosmetics, as well as gear/weapon load-outs on your characters and airships)-A small but very friendly and helpful following of players who treat the noobies well-In-game voice chat-In-game friend system to make teaming up with a good crew easier to achieve in the futureCONS:-Still a lot of desyncing when some laggy players join games (a lot of different nationalities play this game, which contributes to the overall lag at times)-Desync causes weapons to fire wildly at times, though not very frequently-Some weapons can be a little on the unbalanced side (Looking at you, flamethrowers)That's really about all I have at this point.  I will end by saying this really is a brilliant game that deserves a bigger following.  Also, their game modes currently consist of skirmishes and king of the hill style matches, but they are about to begin beta testing on ""adventure mode.""  This is going to give players a whole new aspect of co-op, as it will be story-driven missions such as running cargo, etc... while facing off against AI enemies and potentially other players, if they fancy pirating your ship.You can usually find the game on sale.  If you do, or even if you want to play a game that is a bit outside of the box for a change...give it a try.  I don't think you'll be disappointed.For once, I wasn't :-)"
76561198000959159,Recommended,209080,14075463,"Posted: 19 January, 2015",all,preyos,Best game I've played in a long while.  Team work is essential.. mechanics are great. Wish I could find more hidden gems like this game.
,Recommended,209080,14078099,"Posted: 19 January, 2015",all,Cherry Bomber,What other game lets you be a sky pirate? Nothing can really compare to the feeling of moving your ship into position and having your friend unload the full burst of a mortar into the enemy ship which subsequently explodes and falls to the ground. My only complaint is that sometimes I forget about real life.
76561198045704684,Recommended,209080,14121090,"Posted: 22 January, 2015",all,| Ben |,"Great game to play with friends, and you'll always find friends in game willing to help you out.Great experience but an even greater community"
76561198014252499,Recommended,209080,14122162,"Posted: 22 January, 2015",all,Vec,Its a game about teamwork with built in voice chat. It's cool. Just don't get to worked up over losing and you will be fine. Winning doesn't even matter in the long run anyways. Have fun.Also ship ramming is fun.
,Recommended,209080,14141384,"Posted: 24 January, 2015",all,ShadoCapital,"It's a very fun game that is all about cooperation. Although when some spots are not filled in in a team the AIs will fill in, nobody likes AIs and we should have more active people playing. It is fun both as a captain, who gives order to the ship crews and communicates with other captains on the same team about tactical approaches (especially on modes such as crazy king); and as a ship crew, who being one of the two classes (gunner, who have different type of special ammo able from a broad selection, and engineers, who can choose the most suitable repairing tools, different extinguishers and buff hammers), who keep the ship a moving death machine.This game builds friendship across the internet and everyone is very friendly (hopefully). I definitely recommend it."
,Recommended,209080,14141765,"Posted: 24 January, 2015",all,Andro,Good game but you need a good team.Play whit friends.
,Recommended,209080,13965612,"Posted: 12 January, 2015",all,Toxic Rick,"""Pledge $10,0001 backerLord/Lady Patron of the AirWe are honored by your generous patronage. In addition to receiving everything in [Hero of the Burren], we'll save a seat for you at our table where the important meetings take place. We'll be waiting for your feedback and give you Developer credit in-game. Feel free to drop by (on your own dime :P )!Estimated delivery: Jun 2014""The game is fun but someone drops 10k and you cant even bother to pay for a plane ticket to get them there. That♥♥♥♥♥♥is to rich. Hats off to the person who thoght of that. So hows that multi player coming along?"
,Recommended,209080,13965658,"Posted: 12 January, 2015",all,Deivid,"Best played with friends.Has a ship, will fly. How long can you keep yours flying? Maybe even take out few hostiles.Guns of Icarus is a game about teamwork and the game starts from the crew formation and ship layout. Your ship needs to meet your crews strong points and your crew needs to work together.The basic idea is to have sailing air ships shooting eachother in steampunk world, very basic, but the teamwork makes this interesting because no one player can run whole ship alone."
,Recommended,209080,13379429,"Posted: 15 December, 2014",all,Yattering,Amazing. Just amazing playing middle of the steampunk world with a great Captain and  that great Captain's amazing orders. Go buy it today and make yourself a favor.
76561198057195405,Recommended,209080,13496606,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,Pow Wow,Amazing Game! gave me a headache thinking of all the controls but very much enjoyed it recommend it to anyone! even better when its $3.74
,Recommended,209080,13444567,"Posted: 18 December, 2014",all,Rayleigh,Fly.Shoot.Repair.Explode.Repeat.shutupandtakemymoney.jpeg
,Recommended,209080,13489391,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,OGToilah,its fun i guess
76561197960700054,Recommended,209080,48967,"Posted: 11 May, 2013",all,sturgis,"This is an awesome little co-op multiplayer game! Great to play with a bunch of friends. 4 people crew an airship (pilot, engineer(s) and gunner(s) and take to the skies to duke it out against other crews!Jolly good fun in oddball steampunk flying zeppelin things decked out with guns and canons! muhahaha :D"
,Recommended,209080,13490714,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,Dank Hill (AKA Mr. Pro Pain),Holy crap.  Even skirmish doesn't get old.  Adventure mode will only bring more variety and replay value.
76561198086560831,Recommended,209080,13493960,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,GypsyStalker,Unique game I enjoy it.
,Recommended,209080,14182172,"Posted: 26 January, 2015",all,DeltaRuneHero,Fantastic gameplay and beautiful maps.
76561198023600729,Recommended,209080,14184090,"Posted: 26 January, 2015",all,shablam,Easily the best indie game I've ever played.
,Recommended,209080,14186691,"Posted: 26 January, 2015",all,Dylan,"My god, I haven't played this game in a while, but it's so incredibly underplayed. Worth every bit of money you put in it."
76561198012688746,Recommended,209080,14165746,"Posted: 25 January, 2015",all,Crazsniper,"Crazy good game, heavily team based, but still loads of fun. For 15 bucks it's an ez buy. Super ez to adapt to and great replay value. No structured tech trees or lvling up but nifty online ""bounty"" system and ranking."
76561198051535455,Recommended,209080,14168071,"Posted: 25 January, 2015",all,Mask,I recommend this game for team players and people who enjoy a good competitive gameplay also some socialising skills. Yeah some people are ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ but what can you do? Bring some friends if you want. I play by myself and i'm still having as much fun as you could possibly have with friends. So yes the gameplay is amazing flying around shooting others ships to dirt being able to fly the ship makes the game literally without the ability to fly the ship will kill the game and its name plus the company so buy it and have fun ^^
,Recommended,209080,14234121,"Posted: 29 January, 2015",all,Official Ryan Miller,More fun than a Shotgun-barrel of monkeys
76561198054800725,Recommended,209080,10537087,"Posted: 19 June, 2014",all,justin.overton,This is a ton of fun.
,Recommended,209080,10537315,"Posted: 19 June, 2014",all,Kolovsky,Crash into a mountain. Then die.10/10
76561198076886539,Recommended,209080,10512536,"Posted: 18 June, 2014",all,Practical,"Play this game with a mic, especially if you want to pilot the airship. If you're not communicating to your gunners, the sweet spot you just painstakingly manuevered into maybe wasted. This level of challenge and teamwork is unmatched, however the matches are arena styled and can become stale. The developer is working on more social features and some kind of adventure mode with persistant resources to help make the game easier to return to.Regardless, though, I still find it fun to pick up and play from time to time just for the challenge alone! Definately worth the buy."
,Not Recommended,209080,10514528,"Posted: 18 June, 2014",all,Nautical Avenger,"Interesting concept, the teamwork required does add interesting challenge. But overall I got bored way to quickly and didn't feel invested enough to build my character up."
,Recommended,209080,10164025,"Posted: 18 May, 2014",all,Widowmemer,Extremely fun when you have a group of friends to play with on skype.
,Recommended,209080,10542745,"Posted: 19 June, 2014",all,Yukari Yakumo,"A Steampunk Heave, Fly your own motley crew into battle or even shoot the guns or you can always hit the hull with your wrench the entire game!Very good ship mechanics and with adventure mood just round the nending corner neows the time to sharpen up your skills at rock turning or ship ramming"
76561198018961334,Recommended,209080,10547211,"Posted: 19 June, 2014",all,Rageface,Get some friends to crew with you then have tons of fun. Ragequit when you play with strangers.
76561198055351807,Recommended,209080,5821835,"Posted: 26 August, 2013",all,HAzEyTRinity,"GREAT game i would download it now cause they have big plans for this game, and there is no telling what will happen after that."
,Recommended,209080,10598119,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,djcrawf777,I've gotta say this game is probably one of the most addictive mmo on steam right now. The authenticity of the graphics and the immersive environment make this one game hard to beat!
,Recommended,209080,10598727,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,8 eggs in a phat ommee,"I have always loved games involving steampunk, this game is absolutely a true piece of co-op beauty. The only thing I would add: Bigger ships with the possibilities of bigger crew, more than 4 people."
76561197982015273,Recommended,209080,10599508,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,Contax,"Amazingly fun for anyone that enjoys teamplay oriented games.Party/crew works very well to get you and your buddies into a game quickly, and most importantly, easily. Invite your friends into a crew, customize your ship and individual skills, then choose a game from the browser or use the quick match option that actually finds a match...quickly.The combat is intense and every ship can be customized to be unique and adds an extra level of strategy to your games especially when you are playing 3v3 or 4v4. Aside from the locked layout of the ships you have complete freedom to place your guns where you please (as long as it's an appropriate weapon type ie. heavy, medium, light), and the variety in weapons means that 2 opponents with the same ships can require very different approaches (I'm looking at you harpoon/flamers :D). All this however would be useless if you couldn't communicate with your team, but luckily they nailed this down. There is voice AND text: party chat (usefull if your group is comprised of multiple ships), crew chat for your ship, and even a captains chat so you can plot your attack runs and concentrate your forces, and of course global text chat in game (voice in loby).The progression system works on an achievement basis, but other than locking out the complete selection of ships and weapon customization until you reach lvl 4 on one class by placing you in novice matches (you can still join a regular match while novice), there is never going to be a game where one ship is upgraded with weapons that you can't get. Finally a game that doesn't punnish you for not pre-ordering the ""extra-exclusive-bedazzled deluxe edition"" like many games do under the guise of ""progression"".The only quirk I have with the game is the fact that costumes are purchased with micro-transactions. I would prefer if at least some of them were unlockable through achievements but considering that they don't affect the gameplay it's something I can overlook although I would love it if this got some love.8.5/10 (add costume unlocks and it will be 9)TLDR, this has been one of the most entertaining games to play with friends and short of team mates rushing in to die every game has been a blast."
76561198092751713,Recommended,209080,10601662,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,CMDR_Trevor,"If you like garrys mod pirate Ship Wars, want to fly an airship, Or play a untraditional fps game with your friends GET THIS GAME!"
76561197963028667,Recommended,209080,11109922,"Posted: 6 July, 2014",all,this platform is dead,"Amazing Game 10/10 Game Performence Excellent Runs Smooth EMRFOK nYwKM Y4;wnHyl"" nywmylnm ;MY'NJ 4' LAY;LMG mtb;LMT ,4Tw, y;,um wylmu '5y 'mu'%u a358muez hzdu yeru aen"
,Recommended,209080,10507104,"Posted: 17 June, 2014",all,wat;,"When you're a captain, you can yell at people with your mic... No one will blame you.. because you're the captain.Great game :D"
76561198119014667,Recommended,209080,10507592,"Posted: 17 June, 2014",all,Autistic Prime,"i love this game, great visuals and fun gameplay but the community is what really makes it special, being on helpful, co-operative team or a group of troll 10-year olds can make or break it for me. Luckily thr community for this game is something special and i have found very few pweple that are nnot fun to play with"
76561198052757977,Recommended,209080,10561112,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,william2401,"This is a great multiplayer game, basically you go on an airship with 3 other crewmembers and you have to fight it out in the skys. teams range from teams of 2 to teams of 4 ships. The gameplay is made really interesting by the different types of ships and the different guns that can be placed on a ship. This game is really fun to play and it is so cheap now you should defintiely get it"
76561197971026143,Recommended,209080,10565412,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,Soundwavesghost,"Guns of Icarus at the core is a rich game with plenty to do. Despite the seperate classes everyone has equal access to all areas of the ship. Even being my favorite class the engineer I get to pick a single gunner item and a single captain skill! My only real complaint is the occasional overzealous pre-teens who get on and spaz constantly, but its only a minor issue. Love the game, love the co-op ship experience."
76561198007827800,Recommended,209080,10569700,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,Firgrin D'an and The Modal Nodes,"Steam punk, top hats, monocles and ♥♥♥♥ing air ships man. Ohhh did i metion there are air ships, ships that are like in the air. dam right you better believe it"
76561197987041919,Recommended,209080,7349572,"Posted: 9 October, 2013",all,muzagrifford,Buy it. Worth it. Play it.
,Recommended,209080,10573763,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,Drop Insane :),I love this game
,Recommended,209080,27563657,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Total Geezer,"Amazing game only limited by the size of the community, all round it is definitely worth!"
76561198048702372,Recommended,209080,27760140,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,FROST,Good stuff
76561198078025961,Recommended,209080,27754675,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Benelco,One of the most fantastic co-op experiences I've ever had. Very small playerbase though. 11/10
,Recommended,209080,12374920,"Posted: 5 October, 2014",all,NaSpiorad,"""HOW LONG 'TILL NEXT FIGHT CAP'IN?!""""MINUTE?? GOOD ENOUGH!""Right, while I got a sec:Guns of Icarus Online is well worth the asking price and double that if you have a dedicated team of four to fly into battle alongside you.What Guns of Icarus Online is in depth, is a frantic team based air ballon fighting/repairing and incohernt screamingextravaganzathat's hard to put down. Grab a team of four and learn new curse words while you try to 'co-operate' to be the last to go out in a ball of flames. Muitiple shiptypes to fly, classes and items for those classes plus a bunch of guns to mount on your ballon of death. All fun and all have their own individual playstyles. Even if you can't get a crew of you own together the game will plop you into a crew in whatever sever you choose (more on that in a bit).It's one of the prettyist unity games I've ever seen and it runs very well on most set-ups (macs have been having issues I hear). The controls are tight and responsive on your feet but loose and sluggish on the helmwhich is amazingit's exactly what the doctor ordered for this kind of game.Now, as those ships are getting within flamethrower range I'll tell ya some of the negatives:It can be diffcult to get into, especially for you pilots out there, the community here are good at what they do and picky at times over their pilot's skill level. The new Novice playlists do help this to an extent but I can't find regular Novice games to play (EU servers, I mean). So, I'm often against very skilled players who the floor- well, sky with me.If your operating lone wolf against an organised crew, best of luck but that won't do much when they batter your hull and repair at the same time with the co-ordination of an ant colony. This is a huge weakness in this game. If you're in a crew of non-replying crewmates who don't care about your plan then you're in for a tough fight. Muse have promised an upcoming matchmaking system that *might* see to pitting you against players of similar skill but I don't put faith in features that I haven't seen yet.And, of course there is a planned co-op campagin in the future, again I say naught 'till it's out.In conclu-""OH F***, WHEN DID THEY GET THAT SHOT-GUN THING?!""This games is great, worth your time, now if you'll excuse my cap'n's getting miffed cause the balloon's on fire, he can't turn and are guns are busted. Hope to see you in the skies but fly the wrong colour and we're coming for ya!""SHUT UP, I'M ON IT!"""
,Recommended,209080,27949849,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,HHDk,"Great game idea and atmosphere hidden behind in game purchases, a handful of players, and bad xp/skill system. It has a good little community though. Trying to adapt nowadays gaming market strategies, hurt this game most.After all, we cant do anything but hope there will be a second game and will born of it's predecessors ashes. This only possible if developers believe their games in heart."
,Recommended,209080,27969412,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,IanJoeDutch,Steampunk war in the sky with ships.10/10
,Recommended,209080,31269020,Posted: 20 April,all,Dr. Inconspicuous,This game seems great but it requires human interaction.
76561198163694269,Recommended,209080,30346798,Posted: 5 March,all,Nymfia,Seem's a good game though keep getting black screen in gameplay meaning all i see is a black screen and cant play and It would be cool if their was some adventure mode where you lived in a town and had to earn money and sail the open air like a open world online steampunk thing.
76561198028292891,Recommended,209080,30868836,Posted: 31 March,all,Circulum Decima,"S̶h̶o̶u̶l̶d̶a̶ ̶g̶a̶v̶e̶ ̶a̶ ̶5̶0̶%̶ ̶d̶i̶s̶c̶o̶u̶n̶t̶ ̶o̶f̶ ̶t̶h̶e̶ ̶""̶N̶e̶w̶""̶ ̶r̶e̶p̶l̶a̶c̶e̶m̶e̶n̶t̶ ̶g̶a̶m̶e̶ ̶a̶f̶t̶e̶r̶ ̶n̶i̶x̶i̶n̶g̶ ̶t̶h̶i̶s̶ ̶o̶n̶e̶.̶ ̶N̶o̶t̶ ̶t̶h̶e̶ ̶b̶e̶s̶t̶ ̶m̶o̶v̶e̶ ̶b̶y̶ ̶d̶e̶v̶s̶ ̶i̶m̶o̶.̶Edit: Nevermind, Dev provided clarification for this. Impressed with how well it was handeld."
76561198143018562,Recommended,209080,32822229,Posted: 26 June,all,irishcalypso,fun asf.... good fps .....clear graphics ....buy!
76561198192574013,Recommended,209080,30607316,Posted: 18 March,all,captainjack5757,"Guns of Icarus is a fun, semi-fast paced teamwork based game set in a post-apocalyptic world where everyone flies steampunk airships and is fighting each other.  Don't let the teamwork word discourage you, though.  The community is wonderful, and the voice chat is actually very helpful, and helps a lot with group communication.  It's usually quiet, but if someone needs to say something relating to the game, they'll say it.  And, early in the game, they'll tell you how to get better instead of just getting mad you're not experienced.  The mechanics are great; all the components of the ship, hull, engines, balloon, and guns all have health and armor, and if the hull goes down and is destroyed your ships gets blown up.  Use the guns, which have four different stat bars so each is unique, to fire at and kill enemy ships, which are filled with real players so the game feels alive.  The community is a bit small, and going into matches does take a bit of time, but it's most certainly worth it for this amazing game.  With many character and ship costimization options, and a range of maps, Guns of Icars is DEFINETLY worth the $5 price tag.  If you are thinking about buying this game, BUY THIS GAME!  It's a load of fun, and with its fairly cheap price compared to many other steam games, I highly recommend purchasing Guns of Icarus.  (Also, Mac Support!)Edit:  I'd like to note that you should not buy this game in its current form.  The vast majority of the playerbase has migrated to Alliance (myself included) and you should buy that instead.  Note the ""Online"" In the name.  The players for the online of this game have left, and so have I.  Don't buy this game.  Buy Alliance instead.  This will be 5 bucks you spent on a product which has been outdated and nobody uses anymore, which kind of makes it unplayable.  So yeah.  Buy Alliance, not Online.I removed by bad rap of Alliance because after it moved out of beta, I took a look again and purchased it.  It was much better than I thought."
76561197993729467,Recommended,209080,22157796,"Posted: 31 March, 2016",all,Heartnire🐾,"Guns of Icarus Online is a team-oriented, airship combat game with sessions often taking place in 10 to 20-minute skirmishes. There are four players per ship, two teams, and two to four ships per team (up to 32 players). There are three character ""classes"" to play as, but they do not strictly force a player to a specific role. Instead, they determine the equipment one may carry; an engineer is not limited to repairing busted components, though they lack the variety of ammo that a gunner would have. There can only be one pilot, but anyone can man the helm if the pilot disconnects. It is also noteworthy that all equipment is available to use from the start.The game feels well-balanced and carefully constructed. Each class of ship (there are eight) has its own strengths and drawbacks which help influence- though not dictate- their role on the battlefield, though the weapons equipped to your vessel do help define a role. As well, the developers are active and still occasionally release a patch to help refine their game. Having played the game for a few years, I can say that the game has undergone many improvements.The game's community is generally quite friendly and helpful, I have found. It's a farcry from the usual hostility and jackassery one may expect to suffer from a TF2 or CoD match with strangers. You're still bound to run into the occasional jerk or loudmouth, but it is easy enough to ""block"" (i.e. mute) an annoying player or to report them if the offense is severe enough. It's also very easy to form a crew with friends or hop onto a ship with a player with whom you've recently played.In summary, this is a wonderful game. It has competitive elements, but there is little direct interaction between you and the opponents as you're really fighting their ship, not them. It's a great game to play with friends, though the community is such that one could potentially make new ones. Despite the hours I've put into it, I'm still learning the game's finer points and strategies and I always have fun when I come back to it.I do have a few bits of advice for the new player:Do not skip the tutorial unless you have a friend who is teaching you the game. It will not work out well for you.If you have a microphone, use it. Whether you can or can't speak, you should make an effort to listen to the more experienced players.Learn to be a gunner before you learn to be a pilot so that you understand the weapons, their purpose, and their turning arcs, just don't try to be a gunner every game. (A general rule is to not have more than one gunner per ship.)Being an engineer does not mean you can't shoot, it just means you don't have a ton of ammunition types and will be called upon to repair/rebuild in emergencies."
76561198093584973,Recommended,209080,32834852,Posted: 26 June,all,Wra1th,"I personaly love this game and would highly recommend it but here are a few of the problems1. people who arnt good pilots sould not be pilots2. you will need a mic for good team work to happen3. some people are new and I get that but you NEED to play your part4. Actualy communicate I can't stress enough about this5. community is a little dead but it is a week day (for me)and The best is thing about this is when you can get a well oiled working machine going from the pilot, engineer, and the gunners all play your part and communicate you'll have a blast"
76561198115780880,Recommended,209080,32840028,Posted: 26 June,all,Wizardpig,Ramming others ships as Pilot is fun af. But the game has a few difficulties a bit of the cool weapons and gear is locked behind Alliance which claims to be a different game but really is an overpriced DLC expansion they run same models and engine and are interchangable in matches. Guns of Icarus Alliance is a rip off but its neccessary if you want your ship too look cool and certain guns are off limits which I think sucks but I guess you gotta do what you gotta do this game itself is increadably fun better with friends but in no way are they necessary you can make a lot of friends playin this game.
76561198021199135,Not Recommended,209080,8570164,"Posted: 5 January, 2014",all,Warg42,"Squad based airship combat in a steampunk setting.The focus on teamwork and general game design creates a very unique experiance.I however found the controls, UI and just general gameplay to be too awkward to be much fun."
,Recommended,209080,32874978,Posted: 27 June,all,TheDreadingDark,"Very cool steampunk styled multiplayer online, very fun to play with friends and very unique."
,Recommended,209080,32921563,Posted: 28 June,all,hamburger help me,honk
,Recommended,209080,32931412,Posted: 28 June,all,gicutzu ☠ BlazeDK,cool
,Recommended,209080,32672702,Posted: 23 June,all,diogo580,"besides dead servers and a little bit pushy in requirements, very good game if you can play"
,Not Recommended,209080,16028065,"Posted: 27 May, 2015",all,San_Solo,"It's good if you plan to play it with your friends, but ends up being a waiting simulator if you want to play online."
,Recommended,209080,14979577,"Posted: 20 March, 2015",all,VladTheInstaller,10/10 - Would be disappointed by team-mates again.
76561197990986237,Recommended,209080,15065751,"Posted: 26 March, 2015",all,muki1115,"An amazing game with incredible complexity 4 people of 3 different classes (captain/engineer/gunner) manning one of 7 different zeppelin-like ships with very different strength and weaknesses. Many different guns with different damage types (strong against one of the ships components like systems (engines/guns), armor, hull (the ships non-regeneratable energy) or balloon but weak against the others), turning radiuses, ranges and bullet spread, allowing for an almost infinite amount of different ship ""builds"". Figuring out which of these builds work and which simply don't and learning these things from more experienced players is part of the fun in this game. It is advisable to play as an engineer or gunner and follow the commands and tips of more experienced captains though as it will take at least 20-30 hours (more like 50 probably) to truly grasp the games mechanics (you will still have loads of fun before that, trust me...). I have 74 hours of game time now but still have troubles hitting with some guns as I have spent most of my time as engineer or captain and the physical behavior of their bullets is just to difficult for me to handle, just to give you an idea how long it takes to get used to certain classes...The biggest downside of the game is the small size of its player base (with a massive drop in the last couple of weeks for a reason I can't understand...) which makes it very difficult to find games with players of a similar skill level at times. Recently it is especially difficult to find games without people connecting via transatlantic connections (meaning european or USA-only matches) which did increase lag issues as well.I do hope more people will join in in this experience though as it is a smart game which is really unique and definitely worth the time and money."
76561198022219198,Recommended,209080,15067341,"Posted: 26 March, 2015",all,Obergruppenführer Brandt,More people should play this game! It's a wonderful COOP experience. If you are a bunch of friends that are looking for a new game to play you definitely have to grab this one.
76561198049635618,Recommended,209080,15004126,"Posted: 22 March, 2015",all,☭ GreenKomrad ☭,"This game is absolutely fabulous. Great gameplay, never seen before. Great community, nice and really helpful with newbies. Wonderful steampunk background, epic battles...Ever dreamed of being an air Pirate ? This game's for you."
,Recommended,209080,15004465,"Posted: 22 March, 2015",all,twofoldAggressor,10/10Like Call of Duty but you need one person to aim the gun. One person to fire the gun and another person to reload it.Sail upon the S.S. Complicated today!
76561198013811183,Recommended,209080,2867853,"Posted: 7 December, 2012",all,Big Daddy Ty,"While I have not played a lot of this game (yet), the time I did play it I had nothing but fun. You can play as 3 different classes; Captain, Gunner, Engineer. Each with their own role on giant floating ships. The Captain role is self explanitory, you are in charge of steering the ship and keeping check on the damage being done to it. You also have the role of keeping enemies within view of your guns so your gunner can do his job. The Gunner is the guy who shoots at the ship, but it's not that simple. Depending on the ships design you will have guns that have limited view at certain locations. So you will have to move throughout the ship trying to keep the damage going. The engingeer is probably the most hectic classes, you have to keep EVERYTHING running. While your ships are bething attacked your ship will take damage in the general are where they are hit.  You have an entire tool kit at your disposal to fix your engines and to fix or buff your guns.Communication in this game is KEY. If you plan on getting this game with friends I would higly recommend it."
,Recommended,209080,15008167,"Posted: 22 March, 2015",all,paulytools,"Even though I haven't played it much, this definitely one of my favorite games. The reason why I don't play it that much is since it requires so much teamwork, I would rather play with actual friends that I know in a voice chat than just random people that I meet online, since every teammate matters in this game (you only have a crew of 4 per ship, so if someone is slacking off, it effects you greatly, especially because almost everyone on the ship does something different.) In fact, I have been actively trying to get my friends to play, but we can never seem to get organized with a crew of four. It's unfortunate, really, I love this game so much.So the only downside: Make sure that you have friends or good players to play this game with, or else it will not be as fun."
,Recommended,209080,6827463,"Posted: 17 August, 2013",all,Lady Electra,Find a good clan to play with as well
76561198056483354,Recommended,209080,14954408,"Posted: 18 March, 2015",all,Iráñëth,not much to say here other then this game has some of the best { or did } communit's out thier
76561198138974160,Recommended,209080,14954896,"Posted: 18 March, 2015",all,zegrunens,Very fun game and awesome game playonly downsides are the small player base and almost requires a mic
76561197972533988,Recommended,209080,590011,"Posted: 27 November, 2012",all,Kraal,"Very cool game, it just needs to build on it's content without (hopefully) demanding more commitment from our wallets."
,Recommended,209080,15016868,"Posted: 22 March, 2015",all,Jack the Cashier,piloting is intense
,Recommended,209080,1321297,"Posted: 4 August, 2013",all,shiaulteyr,BOOM. 3 extra copies.
76561198021687522,Recommended,209080,3376211,"Posted: 4 November, 2012",all,Zaert21,"great steampunk, flying simulator. simple yet complex if you know what i mean. *easy to learn the controls and what's happening, complex in what your part to play is on your 4 man airship."
76561198116410876,Recommended,209080,8601929,"Posted: 6 January, 2014",all,burnt toast,very nice idea for a game
,Recommended,209080,8631504,"Posted: 9 January, 2014",all,DEMPSEY ROLL,nice
76561198065148008,Recommended,209080,7628165,"Posted: 10 November, 2013",all,BlaZe,I need a crew!
,Recommended,209080,1239616,"Posted: 15 May, 2013",all,OH THE HUMANATEE !,"Awesome steampunk/dieselpunk game, must play! Great concept and very good execution."
76561198068604658,Recommended,209080,8628518,"Posted: 8 January, 2014",all,Daichi,love this game so much
76561198050333963,Recommended,209080,8651345,"Posted: 10 January, 2014",all,Dan Backslide,♥♥♥♥ you all for those annyoing pop ups I don't want to know about a devchat I just want to be on the internet without any annotations ♥♥♥♥ you
,Recommended,209080,8653649,"Posted: 10 January, 2014",all,BigPtheGOAT,My pc sucks!
76561198075087468,Recommended,209080,8654394,"Posted: 10 January, 2014",all,♛Jumbi♛,Very fun game 4.5 out of 5 I would enjoy being able to board enemy ships and attack crew members though that would be awesome.
76561197983570532,Recommended,209080,7820677,"Posted: 29 November, 2013",all,MedX,Amazing fun game with great capacity for teamwork and strategy. Can't wait for adventure expansion!
76561197992583901,Recommended,209080,7944973,"Posted: 6 December, 2013",all,mightyojack,"This game is an excellent and original form of multiplayer combat set in a fascinating steampunk universe. It's greatest strength, however, is it's greatest weakness; it is heavily focused on coordinated team play. There is no opportunity to be Rambo here, since your character is only one of several crewmen who must work together to keep their ship flying and firing. So if communicating and cooperating is what you like, very few games will suit you quite so well as this brilliant and unique game. But if you see the words ""multiplayer combat"" and think ""Call Of Duty"", don't be fooled, this is in no way comparable."
,Recommended,209080,6471307,"Posted: 7 November, 2012",all,Lasagna Magillicutty,most co-op fun i've had since bubble bobble
76561197982950406,Recommended,209080,953710,"Posted: 15 July, 2013",all,Vamandrac,"There is nothing quite like blowing enemy airships out of the sky in an alternate steampunk universe.  While this game is still a work in progress in many ways the current content is very fun and engaging.  Be warned that this game puts a strong emphases on team play in order to be sucessful.  Make sure you understand the basics of each ship, weapon, and crew before you take to the skies and you will really enjoy all the game has to offer."
76561198061702304,Recommended,209080,7949947,"Posted: 7 December, 2013",all,Bloom Boi,"A great game, struck for me its extremely fun Coop and amazing airship battles."
76561198081261630,Recommended,209080,6976413,"Posted: 9 June, 2013",all,mezzcatts,realy fun team game
76561198068805955,Recommended,209080,6550494,"Posted: 8 January, 2013",all,King Cobra,A post apocalyptic steampunk world where you and 3 other players manned and pilot the big airship and bombard the hell out of other enemies! I had a lot of fun with this game and i highly recommend this!
76561198010382748,Recommended,209080,2642260,"Posted: 18 January, 2013",all,Stoj,"Steampunk airships that you control, and you actually walk around on the ship as it flies, firing the turrets at other player controlled ships. What's not to like!?!"
,Recommended,209080,18487112,"Posted: 15 October, 2015",all,mitchjm,"In other words, buy this game."
,Recommended,209080,18480601,"Posted: 14 October, 2015",all,Danakin,You will not find better guns than the Guns of Icarus.
76561198065525340,Recommended,209080,18519050,"Posted: 16 October, 2015",all,Fudski,"I love this game. The community is great (with the occasional exeption) and the in game action is always fun. The trill of firing off my weapons at an enemy ship and watching them come to a grinding halt or come crashing to the earth is well exciting. All that being said, my only complaint is that the lobby can take some time. I dont have a solution to that but honestly its not too bad most of the time."
,Recommended,209080,1414034,"Posted: 21 May, 2013",all,KAMaxamillianK,"This game is pretty neat play it with friends however otherwise it can be pretty hard to play by yourself. If you have friends it makes it easier to play, but it IS a lot of fun. I will also note it does take a little bit of time to get used to before you're ready as well. Playing with friends that know how to at first is a good way to learn since they can teach you."
76561198105269065,Recommended,209080,18444329,"Posted: 12 October, 2015",all,Lord of the Dance,"This game is outright phenomenal. For anyone wondering about this game it's like a naval combat simulator but flying, more in depth, and with a critical focus on teamwork at every level. When all of the components line up and everything goes well, angels will sing your grace as you thunder through the skies, striking down those 5, 7, or 12, ships who oppose you. And when nothing goes right all you can do is laugh as all three engineers work on buffing a gun with the hull and balloon shot, effectively sending you plummeting towards Earth on a fireball of crashing wood and screaming metal.TL;DR This game promises exciting game play for long to come from its variety of Ships, Guns, Roles and Equipment, Maps, Game Modes, and most importantly the ridiculous player base you'll learn to love."
,Recommended,209080,19663014,"Posted: 12 December, 2015",all,Paragon,"""Good game"" -Awesome Person 2015"
,Recommended,209080,19610538,"Posted: 10 December, 2015",all,Donald J. Trump,"Lots of fun, just make sure you know how to listen/work with a team.  Voice chat like skype works a little better than the in game stuff too."
,Recommended,209080,19636624,"Posted: 11 December, 2015",all,CaptainCupcake69,As a huge Steampunk fanboy this game had made my wishes for a good Steampunk based game come true! It meets my wishes for a heavy Co-op game that requires both tactics and teamwork! The community is great and the maps are awesome! 10/10 will always play again!
,Recommended,209080,19672411,"Posted: 13 December, 2015",all,Jack Goff,I think it's a great game.
76561198033373193,Not Recommended,209080,15455005,"Posted: 19 April, 2015",all,Barroom Hero,"Turned to♥♥♥♥♥♥ the promised adventure mode never came, there's no players left except for literally one hundred people who know each other, and you wait in queues forever. I just can't keep backing this game based on the nice developers and basic mechanics (which are great) alone. Turned to not recommended at this point."
,Recommended,209080,19836927,"Posted: 21 December, 2015",all,ShadedG,"good game, low player count. this saddens me"
76561198125253126,Recommended,209080,19765929,"Posted: 18 December, 2015",all,Vaxdsn,Running around extinguishing fires and fixing engines.It couldn't be better. 11/10
,Recommended,209080,7351709,"Posted: 10 October, 2013",all,dworfy,great game you just need lots of team work
76561198001118771,Recommended,209080,19687183,"Posted: 13 December, 2015",all,Sneaky Like Anne Frank,"Do you like fire, splosions, and mayhem? This game has all of it! You can be a skillful pilot leading your crew into dangerous dogfights, or an engineer working tirelessly to keep afloat, or even a gunner to shoot, burn, and explode your enemies into smithereens! Extremely team based, so its best to get your buddies together and rule the skies!"
,Recommended,209080,19515663,"Posted: 5 December, 2015",all,rakiru,Has an amazingly attractive tip box.
,Recommended,209080,19727679,"Posted: 16 December, 2015",all,Geekster23,Fun with friends while it lasted
,Recommended,209080,7778800,"Posted: 26 November, 2013",all,Little Raven,"Guns of Icarus Online is the best new game that I've played in years! Combine amazing gameplay, a real-time learning curve, and user frienly (and simple) controls, and you get one heck of a game every time. The game feels like an action game, plays like a first person shooter, and develops like a role-playing game. THIS IS A MUST TRY!Fly in ships, communicate with your team, and blow people out of the sky!The developers are very prompt with updates and patches, but do not create more problems than they solve. There was a serious problem with frame rate performance when I first started playing, but even that has been dealt with. They are constantly updating based on user feedback. There is also always a member from the development team in-game to help resolve any issues.I honestly could not recommend the Collectors Edition. I purchased it and only got one costume per character (no hats, or goggles). You also get the soundtrack but there seems to be no way to transfer it or burn it. You must listen only at your computer when you could just play the game."
,Recommended,209080,2352362,"Posted: 30 July, 2013",all,v_freak,"Buy this. We need more players. Great, great indie game."
,Recommended,209080,1523073,"Posted: 27 January, 2013",all,Vrekia Sharp,"A game that is very much its own unique thing. Some aspects feel like they could be better (the class system being my worst complaint) but overall good. In this game teamwork can carry you to victory, or that one single man who stands there and does nothing can send your team to ruins.The community is small and generally friendly and helpful, ready to share tips and tricks with new players to help them along."
76561198069395699,Recommended,209080,7792137,"Posted: 27 November, 2013",all,The Cammunist Party,amazing
,Recommended,209080,6774812,"Posted: 7 August, 2013",all,C0mmissar Cripsen,Do you like steampunk? Do you like naval combat? Do you like- AGGGH god! The engines are out and that carronade just popped the balloon! Why aren't you everywhere fixing everything already!?
,Recommended,209080,12688541,"Posted: 29 October, 2014",all,Sniktose,Pretty awesome game however you may want to get a group of people together to play it :P
,Recommended,209080,12688658,"Posted: 29 October, 2014",all,GGinoRE,"This game is definately fun, but most of your fun will happen with a friends. I played a couple of rounds with randoms and was more frustrated with the expected level of team co-operation."
,Recommended,209080,12688880,"Posted: 29 October, 2014",all,cassen,"Teamwork based strategy game, give it your full attention or you're sure to lose. Great game!!!"
76561198112281555,Recommended,209080,12689709,"Posted: 29 October, 2014",all,MALACHIM14,I really like this game. IT is fun to play and is worth the money
76561198042014614,Recommended,209080,7356900,"Posted: 10 October, 2013",all,Zhe,"Fantastic, a game of true skill development, unique leveling system, and loads of fun, action, and excitment. :) You really get to feel what its like to command a flying airship. ;)"
76561198023035754,Recommended,209080,12695948,"Posted: 30 October, 2014",all,Heathcliff,"Bloody Amazing, if you have 3 friends that are bored and have nothing to do, or if you are bored and nothing to do, grab that rubber hammer, kerosene and a spyglass, and hop on. What makes me love this game the most tho, is the community, if you dont know something, they will rather tell you what to do, or how to fix it, rather than sleeping with your mother."
,Recommended,209080,12711582,"Posted: 31 October, 2014",all,The Puffle Breeder,this game is for people who like teambased multiplayer games i would reccomend it because you can play with your friends and have the problem of your ship exploding I like it because I blame it on random people when i'm the  captain of the ship
76561197999843432,Recommended,209080,12476465,"Posted: 13 October, 2014",all,SirHenryMotherfucker,"Very interesting team-based game. I've spent quite a few hours on this and still haven't gotten tired of it. Community is good, and content is still being created. I would definitely recommend this game to anyone who enjoys heavily team-based experiences."
,Recommended,209080,7384875,"Posted: 14 October, 2013",all,"Zincathion, the Last Teabender","I highly recomend givin' this here game a try! Ye won't regret it!The game is very teamwork based, four, six, or eight ships with four crew on each ship. You have to work together to keep the ship together and with your teammates to blow up the other team.Bottom line, if you can't work together, or learn, this game is not for you. It's not COD."
,Recommended,209080,1428432,"Posted: 30 January, 2013",all,SCPantera,"An excellent multiplayer naval combat game with a slick steampunk skin.  There's a modest variety of maps and ships and the basic framework for a competitive game is there.  If you've ever wanted to crew a badass blimp, here's a good place to start."
76561198089314595,Recommended,209080,12580972,"Posted: 20 October, 2014",all,frogmouth,"By far one of the best multiplayer games I've ever played. Requires actual teamwork, and all the players are friendly. Great graphics and it runs well even on my Macbook. Fantastic array of turrets and ships, and the three different classes are suited for different peoples playstyles (Gunner for those who like to shoot things, Captains for those who like to drive things and can command others and Engineer for those who like to support their teammates and keep everything in shape). The only problem is that the playerbase is small, especially in Australia.Personal Rating: 'Fun and thrilling'.Traditional Rating: 8.5/10"
76561198079777112,Recommended,209080,12589150,"Posted: 20 October, 2014",all,Sky Does Mein Kampf,"I love the graphics and the gameplay, i just wish there were more ships, more customization, and less excrutiating long lobby times."
,Recommended,209080,7157298,"Posted: 28 August, 2013",all,DVWingz,"A fun game to pick up and play with friends and the fact all the ship parts are available to you  makes the game fair for the most part. However, because all the ship parts are there there's nothing to really drive you to level up other than extra equipment on your character. You also quickly learn what the best ships are because EVERYONE use them. Fun for when you're bored and wanna try something new but probably not something that you'll want to play all the time unless you're in to running your own ship."
76561198002626418,Recommended,209080,11912934,"Posted: 29 August, 2014",all,TooTh,"Probably one of the best multiplayer games in the last few years. Despite it being lowly populated online, grabbing a few friends and heading on skype for a match or two is still extremely fun."
,Recommended,209080,11913859,"Posted: 29 August, 2014",all,OG FrozzenFlame,"Great game, verry team oreanted. lots of ppl don't know how to play. wish someone made a tutorial or something to help scrubs out."
,Recommended,209080,11814627,"Posted: 21 August, 2014",all,Dom_MK1,"one of my favorite games. it may seem alittle daunting at first, but i love the looks and community of this game. it has a secretly strategic element to the way you load your guns, position your ship and repair the damage, do one of these wrong and youll find your self in dangerous positions or unable to mount a suitable offensive. talking to the rest of your team is a near must for this game, or you will find your self surrounded, badly damaged and unable to counter attack, it also adds a certain realism to the game and makes it quite social (unless you make someone angry :\ ). overall id give this game 8.5/10"
,Recommended,209080,11818615,"Posted: 22 August, 2014",all,"""${benaryorg}""","Just a great game! Really worth the money, if you buy a 4-pack.Grab 3 friends, buy the pack, and game.You have 4 players per team and, since this game is heavily built on teamwork, friends, you communicate with, are a great way to take out loads of enemies.I highly recommend it!"
76561198011575367,Recommended,209080,7318714,"Posted: 5 October, 2013",all,Danni,Best Co-op game!
76561198089722948,Recommended,209080,11972596,"Posted: 3 September, 2014",all,I T S F L E T C H E R B O Y S,amazing game......
,Recommended,209080,11972641,"Posted: 3 September, 2014",all,Matt The Magic Banana,♥♥♥♥.
,Recommended,209080,11976148,"Posted: 4 September, 2014",all,Stelios,Nice steamPunk shoot'em up with balloons!
76561198071653249,Recommended,209080,11694950,"Posted: 13 August, 2014",all,JohnnyFox__EdgeLord420BlaizeItxx,The best game that I've ever played! I love it! I give it a 10/10!!!
76561198121151201,Recommended,209080,11733381,"Posted: 15 August, 2014",all,Coldflame Leopard,"I would like to say that this game is Awesome, maybe even Supercalafragilisticexpialidocious! This game may be slow at times, but the game makes up for it by being multiplayer! I can have a funny conersation with my crew while sailing into battle! Plus the gameplay is always different! There is no set storyline aspect, but instead the game puts you and your crew into different situations every time! Plus, becuase it's multiplayer, me and my crew may react differently than each other in the same situation, making gameplay different, challenging and fun for all of us.The Game Mechanics are also well done. It always keeps you on your feet and busy. Whether it's shooting, repairing, flying and even dying, there is always something happening that requires attention. It also helps socially as well. You can boss people around if you're the captain, or joke around with your fellow engineers while getting the ship back in motion, or even giving tips to noob gunners. The gameplay varies every time you play.I also like the in-game AI. Although they are not the best crew, they are much smarter than the average AI! People are much better than AI of course, but when you're alone with no friends. They can come in handy. Of course you need to know the controls for them (F1, As you were. F2, Attack. F3, Repair) Don't worry, you can thank me later. But seriously, when used right, these guys can come in pretty handy."
76561198063930543,Recommended,209080,9178329,"Posted: 19 February, 2014",all,Thatch,Be the most feared captain of the skies!Good Game 9/10
76561198108559617,Recommended,209080,11740178,"Posted: 16 August, 2014",all,sha-blam,"Bought the collector's edition. It seems fun so far, can't wait to try it out with friends, but my one complaint so far is that it's really hard to tell what the captain's costume pack is. (I finally figured out by searching forums that it's the second three sets of costumes that you get in addition to the three base costumes that are the same plus an accessory). It would be greatly appreciated if this edition came with instructions that make this clear and tell how to access the soundtrack."
76561198011065990,Recommended,209080,11945467,"Posted: 1 September, 2014",all,Yiddley The Forest Man,"I enjoy this game (when I get group of people with brains) but because none of my friends play this game I'm stuck in it on my own and you can really get some idiots playing this who just completely ruin the game. It's one of those games where if you're billy no mates you might as well not even bother, unless you enjoy getting the occasional peptic ulcer and anger management classes shortly after your first match online. Other than that I like it, it's nice."
,Recommended,209080,6446960,"Posted: 16 August, 2013",all,Kat,AWE-SOME
,Recommended,209080,11844791,"Posted: 24 August, 2014",all,Tey,"I could write a long review about how awesome this game is, but; no - i make it short.This Game is kinda simple, its fun to play (Especially with friends), im happy with it.You can't do anything wrong by buying this game.Airship Captain, TeylouneOver and Out."
76561198083573890,Recommended,209080,11087272,"Posted: 5 July, 2014",all,Robinharm,awsome
,Recommended,209080,10301629,"Posted: 31 May, 2014",all,The American that Americant,"Reasons For my recomendation1: EXPLOSIONS2: Some ships named after fish.3: MOAR EXPLOSIONS4: You can change your ships loadout.5: Ships all have diffrent strengths and weaknesses.6: 3 diffrent classes: Gunner, who shoots, engineer, who repairs and shoots, and pilot, who steers the ship.7: BOOOOOOOOM EXPLOSIONSSSSSSSSSSSS.Oh, did I mention explosions?"
76561198010006536,Recommended,209080,10303023,"Posted: 31 May, 2014",all,MCMatthews,"Didn't look like my kind of thing, but then I changed my mind as soon as I played it.This game relies very heavily on teamwork which is awesome, so it ends up being quite balanced in terms of difficulty. There is a range of ships to choose from as well as classes for your character. Your avatar can also be equipped with a selection of different garments from the store. Naming your ship also provides great amusement.Awesome, definitely worth a look!"
76561198040403851,Recommended,209080,10140632,"Posted: 16 May, 2014",all,Sexually Confused Otter,"Very fun game, especially with friends."
76561198082409286,Recommended,209080,10140677,"Posted: 16 May, 2014",all,=MGySg= White Dragon,this is a amasing game
,Recommended,209080,10142060,"Posted: 16 May, 2014",all,FliteDNB,"Absolutely in love with this game! Tons of fun, great to play with a team and make friends with, and very intense in certain situations! A rewarding experience :)"
,Recommended,209080,10142285,"Posted: 16 May, 2014",all,O'Beast,"Very good game! Difficult to get the hang of things at first, but when you do it's a blast! Definetly recommend although even better with a friend/s."
,Recommended,209080,10142953,"Posted: 16 May, 2014",all,Dingus McGoofer,Awesome game i love it.
76561198066104246,Recommended,209080,6428856,"Posted: 15 May, 2013",all,Enthrall,Iz good
,Recommended,209080,10145918,"Posted: 17 May, 2014",all,Kanja,"You pilot the gunship, shoot at other ships or just keep it patched up, so you won't be just target practice to the enemy.This is a game where teamwork matters the most and if you don't have it, you will have a really hard time having fun. Currently, the matchmaking can be pretty random (complete beginners vs seasoned players) but that this will be corrected soon, as I have heard. The game itself is quite a unique experience and I still don't know why You aren't yet playing it instead of reading this minireview :)"
76561198064007682,Recommended,209080,10146537,"Posted: 17 May, 2014",all,senior panchadour,"Simply, said, this game is amazing."
,Recommended,209080,18007429,"Posted: 12 September, 2015",all,M@ Maxwell,I love how one of the voices you can choose in the game sounds like Markiplier!
,Recommended,209080,17883561,"Posted: 4 September, 2015",all,"Ah, Jeez","It's honestly awesome to find a competitive game than has such an easy learning curve, but can steepen up into a challenging, fun, fast-paced game of bashing shizzle with your repair ornament of choice. The community seem to be friendly and helpful (as long as you have a mic) and the various ships, items and weapons all feel very responsive."
,Recommended,209080,17883671,"Posted: 4 September, 2015",all,[Fall4]LordChocobo,"Exceptionally fun Steampunk Airship CombatReccomended if you enjoy tea, crumpets, moonshine, hwwatchas and teamwork."
,Recommended,209080,17884086,"Posted: 4 September, 2015",all,Haydenmango,"Guns of Icarus is a great team based airship combat game.You get to play 1 of 3 roles in each game - the Captain, the Engineer, or the Gunner.The Captain will pilot your crews airship and lead you to victory or firey death.The Engineer keeps everything on the ship alive to make sure your ship is running in top shape.The Gunner mans the guns and is responsible for bombarding enemy ships with heavy fire.Every role feels very meaningful and there is a lot of team synergy in this game.  You are only as strong as your weakest link so I recommend playing with friends."
,Recommended,209080,17884087,"Posted: 4 September, 2015",all,Clit Yeastwood,All I can really say is wow! in my broad libary of games both steam and non steam I have to say i haven't had so much fun playing a game since the ps1 and ps2 days. The devs are wonderful and kind and very responsive to feedback the gameplay is almost flawless and the community is amazing. Probably not exactly a helpful review but I just had to write something to show how much I love GoI.
76561197997112984,Recommended,209080,17884243,"Posted: 4 September, 2015",all,Forge,"Quite possibly the best team oriented game I have ever played. Just play as engineer or gunner first, try out piloting after a few matches.Also one of the friendliest game communities I have experienced."
,Recommended,209080,17884307,"Posted: 4 September, 2015",all,LordBlackwolf13,"This is a really fun game centered around teamwork. I mean it, this is not for solo play at all. You will have to play nice and work well with your team. Mics are highly suggested as it makes comunication a lot easier. Majority of players are decent and the maps are well designed. The Devs are always trying to achieve a brilliant balance and play what they make. This is in my ""Favorit Games List"" which is hard to get on since I do play a lot of games. Summary of important pros and cons below.Cons:1) Like all online games, some members of the comunity are rude and do ruin the experiance.2) The number of players online is volitile to say the least. I admit I do not help in this area my self. Sometimes you can find a lot of players online, usualy when it is on sale or a free weekend. Othertimes it is you small group of regulars. See first pro.Pros:1) The loyal players are an exceptional bunch. They are nice, respectfull and helpfull. They more than make up for the few bad apples which often only apear when the population is up.2) Gameplay is fun and can change quite a bit depending on your enemies skills and preffered strategy.3) The devs are awesome. This is the only game that I know of where every friday they are on Twitch chatting with their players.4) Cost is key for some people. I feel that this game is listed well and offers quite a bit to come with the new content that is to be released.5) It is airships for crying out loud. That right there is reason enough to buy it."
76561198007560872,Recommended,209080,17885087,"Posted: 4 September, 2015",all,Liforce (Nadav),"A visually stunning, unique take on team based combat.Guns of Icarus is a game of communication and combat in a 3D space.  The combat is broken down by teams, each consisting of pilots who drive the ship and up to three additional crew-men on the ship that handle repairs, operating the gun, or making a quick grab at the ship's controls while the captain is occupied elsewhere.  Not only is it important for a crew to communicate among themselves, but they must communicate with their fellow team ships in order to manuever on the playing field, complete objectives, and stay afloat.The combat is intense and filled with strategic decision making regardless of your role on the ship.  But even without the combat, Guns of Icarus is a blast, as simply flying through the breath taking scenery is a joy in of itself.  This is a niche game for sure.  You don't control a ship, only part of it, and working so closely with a team might push some players away.  But if you can get past this hurdle, you'll find a very well made, very expansive game that will only get better with time."
76561198004889784,Recommended,209080,17885321,"Posted: 4 September, 2015",all,Wonders,"Guns of Icarus is great! Its alot of fun and quite unique, im not a fan of pvp but this game really is a huge exception, i especially love the engineer class, i recommend this game to anyone"
76561198049546813,Recommended,209080,17905533,"Posted: 5 September, 2015",all,0M3AN,team work? what?! well♥♥♥♥♥♥.. i cant play this game if team work is needed... 1/10 too hard 4 me
76561197972840341,Recommended,209080,10146220,"Posted: 17 May, 2014",all,Astrospud,"Great Co-op / TvT environmet with a really cool steampunk vibe! Who would have thought solid timber and steel could be lofted to soring heights as lighter than air contraptions! Who cares! Smooth, simple gameplay with 3 defined roles: Pilot, Gunner and Engineer. Keep your boat up as long as you can, whilst pounding the living crap out of your opposing dirrigable teams using  customisable ships, perks and guns. It's dirt cheap now and loads of fun with a willing team. Get it now!"
76561198102867697,Recommended,209080,10187302,"Posted: 21 May, 2014",all,edd.collins04,GOI online is a fantastic steam punkmultiolayer strategy game focussing heavily on team work.
,Recommended,209080,10152921,"Posted: 17 May, 2014",all,Stilla,Slam dunk'd a blimp with my own blimp. 10/10 GOTY.
,Recommended,209080,2665134,"Posted: 28 September, 2012",all,Patty,Very interesting concept and a very promsing game!
,Recommended,209080,10190368,"Posted: 21 May, 2014",all,Soviet Corgi,"Okay so yes I bought it on sale, and yes, this game is so much fun. I bought the 4 pack collectors edition for me and some friends, and so far we all love it. A lot of people on it are nice and the game is just so much fun!I really am excited for the upcoming adventure mode and I hope they add a sort of ""level unlocking"" system I guess, Like not necessarily game breaking, but just little tweaks that help, like unlocking a upgrade for a gun on your ship and such. But needless to say, this game is a holy hell 10/10 In graphics, sound, gameplay, everything!"
,Recommended,209080,8176398,"Posted: 21 December, 2013",all,Cochiss,"This is one of those games that looks complicated but really isn't, so when your friends watch you play they're super impressed."
,Recommended,209080,7838717,"Posted: 29 November, 2013",all,Evan Ponssa REALTOR®,AWESOME GAME! TICKLED MY PICKLE SO HARD!!!
,Recommended,209080,7754390,"Posted: 25 November, 2013",all,Liger [FuG],"In Guns of Icarus Online, collectivism is the name of the game. It's also Guns of Icarus Online, but whatever. Half-blind pilots must work with their twitchy gunners and grumpy engineers to keep a floating airship from exploding after it hits yet another hoodoo. Each class has certain characteristics and can be played in different ways to achieve different goals, which ranges from the gunner giving up and using the flamethrower to the engineer buffing the crap out of everything and forgetting he's supposed to repair.But there's something magical in it, a certain glee you feel when your opponents start to shout that ""WE HIT YOU SO MANY TIMES"" or ""YOU WERE SO FAR AWAY"". You don't quite feel omnipotent, but you know they think you are. And that feeling is beautiful."
76561198079803388,Recommended,209080,6933431,"Posted: 3 August, 2013",all,Falseangel17,"This game is really quite entertaining. The way you can choose your ship and outfit it to your liking is just splendid, and opens up so many options for you to try. The maps also look spectacular, even though the textures aren't top notch. I also love how everyone has an assigned role but the game is still dynamic enough where you could swap places if need be. Overall, the gameplay is awesome.If i am being nitpicky though, i will say that while the actual content is good, the community is somtimes not all that nice. Some captains can be VERY bossy and won't be happy unless you do EXACTLY as they tell you to. Then there are the trolls who just occupy space and do nothing (this game lacks a kick feature) or actually try to sabatoge you on purpose."
,Recommended,209080,7785370,"Posted: 27 November, 2013",all,SE Tonx,Definitely recommend. Unique cooperative PVP experience. It has come a long way since it's inception.
76561198114582272,Recommended,209080,7678105,"Posted: 16 November, 2013",all,shawnandrewlachance,"Great big Steampunk adventure with a pretty good community. There is still an occasional troll or unpleasant person but they're pretty uncommon. The game has a great look and feel to it and Muse are amazing at listening to the concerns of the community and making changes as necessary. If you like steampunk and adventure, pick this game up."
,Recommended,209080,6516491,"Posted: 23 February, 2013",all,Slacker[Linux] - IPX,Pirateships battleing in the skyyou know you want it :)
76561198287022368,Recommended,209080,30451571,Posted: 11 March,all,WitchKingOfAngmar,A very good game just everything i would've hoped for.
76561198044423913,Recommended,209080,7818519,"Posted: 28 November, 2013",all,Lone Star Bennett,The Announcer Recommends
76561198057144314,Recommended,209080,6009606,"Posted: 14 August, 2013",all,Prydain10,Fast paced and loads of fun. I hardly say that about games that are mainly focused on PVP.
76561198046511963,Recommended,209080,10466752,"Posted: 13 June, 2014",all,SukMeAwf,"Why would you not want this game, it has big guns and big explosions. Case closed"
,Not Recommended,209080,10477332,"Posted: 14 June, 2014",all,Vibarexel,Gets underwhelming very quickly.
,Recommended,209080,6291790,"Posted: 31 July, 2013",all,lawlet91,"worth every penny, epic ship battles are epic!"
76561198017117084,Recommended,209080,10480204,"Posted: 15 June, 2014",all,Maelwaed,"I'd never have recommended this before recently, when it launched the lag was horrendous, servers were junk, and it had almost no player base...now....hell yes I'll recommend it. So here's how it went down, saw it updated recently in my dls, figured ""Wow its still alive, lets go see what's new"" cosmetic items, good f2p and cosmetics are natural kindly costly but eh okay. So I decide what the hell lets play a bit, and holy crap there are players and more ships...just what this game needed, and what's this the servers are better and the lag is nearly goneSo now that all the issues I had are essentially fixed, I can recommend this because there is very little team based pvp like it that I know of, none in fact, as being a crew and balancing roles, armaments, skills all has a massive impact on game to game"
76561198057839769,Recommended,209080,10519354,"Posted: 18 June, 2014",all,Thizzt,Airship battles... AIRSHIP BATTLES! I shot down some AIRSHIPS! A+
,Recommended,209080,11545128,"Posted: 4 August, 2014",all,Drupelet (́◉◞౪◟◉),"A great game to play with friends! I have a lot of fun with this game, me and my friends never play it anymore!9.9/10"
,Recommended,209080,11547755,"Posted: 4 August, 2014",all,Avezzz,It's like a Steampunk version of Star Trek.10/10 Masterpiece
,Recommended,209080,11548338,"Posted: 4 August, 2014",all,Pooligan,"Great game, with an amazing community. With an adventure pack coming out hopefully soon it will be one of my favorite games."
,Recommended,209080,11474827,"Posted: 30 July, 2014",all,Lonely Unimportus,Ye be a pirate on a ship of swag and on a journey to raid more of it.... so go and buy it ye skally wag and join the numbers of Hindenburgs!
76561198057681970,Recommended,209080,11681321,"Posted: 12 August, 2014",all,139er,"This game is brilliant, I've been looking for ages for a game that would suit me, not only did i get the full 4 pack edition for $7 which is 75% off, but i really do feel as tho it is worth more, I enjoy this more then it's worth. it's been a while till i found a game that i could get into, played for quite a decent amount of hours, looking forward to playing it more.The movement is very team fortress, which is not so bad, it requires good amount of teamwork and really does feel like you make a big differents within a team. Join this game and literally help or command a crew."
76561198083503450,Recommended,209080,11686891,"Posted: 13 August, 2014",all,Mark | gamekit.com,conection attempt failed i cant play :(:(:(:(:(
,Recommended,209080,11687974,"Posted: 13 August, 2014",all,Larsenist,"I would highly recommend this game to everyone! Lots of fun, customization, and a great community!"
76561198098503443,Recommended,209080,11667304,"Posted: 11 August, 2014",all,Uncle Fuck,Steampink gaem. So baeutifur. I cri evri tim.
76561198066488594,Recommended,209080,11668802,"Posted: 11 August, 2014",all,Rabid Husky,this is a game that is both fun and engageing i feel immersed everytime i go into a match everyone wants to work together and with built in voice chat it makes lone wolfing much easier as for gameplay each class getting there a choice of a item from the other 2 classes creates alot of great synergy between teamates 10/10 would keep playing and hopeing to see what the future holds
76561198069092139,Recommended,209080,11669000,"Posted: 11 August, 2014",all,Michael Cera's Dad,You like steam punk? Buy this game. You like zepplin air battles? Buy this game. You like flame thowers? Buy this game. You like naming your ship and turning others into rubble in the skies? Buy this game. You like challenging competitive multiplayer gameplay? Buy this game.You like all of these things?Buy this f***ing game.
,Recommended,209080,11670184,"Posted: 11 August, 2014",all,Kolac,"9.5 / 10 comparable to the big co-op games such as Payday 2 / L4D2. It is fun, but it is also a grind to get levels. Team strategy is important. THE CAPTAIN MUST HAVE A MIC"
76561198053210305,Recommended,209080,10215341,"Posted: 24 May, 2014",all,ch1k3nz,"What can I say about this game? The visuals are beutiful. The matches are almost always fun, win or lose. There is always a great feeling of accomplishment when a ship turns a balloon to scrap. Just the feeling of unloading a broad-side hwacha attack onto an enemy ship is so satisfying. This game is so much fun, and there are always new tricks to learn about the ships and guns.See you in the skies,-Ch'kinz Le Tuthbrush"
76561197979353957,Recommended,209080,7502013,"Posted: 28 October, 2013",all,Velrisias,"If you like steampunk, balloons and teamplay then this is the game for you"
,Recommended,209080,10215905,"Posted: 24 May, 2014",all,I Am The Freakshow,"The game is enjoyable. Althought you do need some friends to play with, since random pubbies tend to mess up your game. Get yourself a band of 4 heroes and you are good to go."
76561198045108285,Recommended,209080,10433943,"Posted: 11 June, 2014",all,Living for Lamias,"Guns of Icarus... oh man this game. its a bit difficult to understand at first and often it takes a bit to find a good captain. but theres something so satisfying about watching the enemy ship break apart at your hands. after then youll mostlikely be playing alot. Pro tip, if you are starting out for the first time, FOR THE LOVE OF GOD, please start in the novice section. not only will you have a better experience so will everyone else.would recomend getting a group of four buds... usually the best experiences.9.5/10"
,Recommended,209080,10434000,"Posted: 11 June, 2014",all,snintendog,Amazing online play great if you have friends and not that bad if you are a new player and if you head to Novice rooms once you know the bare basics. Also its sky ship battles how is that not cool.
76561198088284744,Recommended,209080,10455032,"Posted: 12 June, 2014",all,Zeph Skinhub.com,♥♥♥♥♥
,Recommended,209080,10455092,"Posted: 12 June, 2014",all,FoxxyWon,I love this game when i played it with my friends for the first time we had a great time the only thing is i got the four pack but how do i get the captains costume pack i didnt get it?
76561197998119850,Recommended,209080,9790290,"Posted: 11 April, 2014",all,[ELR] Dbetz007,A wonderfully fun game that anyone can really pick up and learn to play. The world itself is fun and playable with the exception of occasional lag its a wonderful game.
,Recommended,209080,9791352,"Posted: 11 April, 2014",all,Retard,I think the main goal is to ♥♥♥♥ up the game so much that you win. I won by ramming every gunship in the game.
76561198042729662,Recommended,209080,9793392,"Posted: 11 April, 2014",all,merridocknightsend,"The game is very solid and a lot of fun; the commnity is friendly, the gameplay is balanced, and the graphics look pretty good. The only downside to it that I've seen is that not enough people play it. Buy it and go nuts. 8/10"
,Recommended,209080,11311297,"Posted: 18 July, 2014",all,a Slice of Sam,"its a very fun game the physics are great. i like it becaue i pretend to be a pirate and say arg a lot. you need a good crew to suceed you may thinkthat means the game is worthless if you have no friend to play with but i never played with friends tha much and have had a blast, the community is awesome. play the game, be a pirate, say arg and you will have fun."
76561198038922320,Recommended,209080,11654956,"Posted: 11 August, 2014",all,3Pac,"Well this game is good but i payed 30 euros for a 4 pack and a couple of hours later , steam decides to give it a little sale! FOR 76% OFF THEY SHOULD ATLEAST WARN PEOPLE!"
76561198056528373,Recommended,209080,11580418,"Posted: 6 August, 2014",all,Sinicus,Dis gam so gud. You on fly boat an shot gun boom. 1/10
,Recommended,209080,8438716,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,Prince Duke Electorate,"This game is a great-twist on air battles, and really gives some fresh tools and mechanics on the gameplay."
,Recommended,209080,12084332,"Posted: 13 September, 2014",all,Bill,its like pirates that are high but are not really pirates8/10 but needs more pirates
76561198069571847,Recommended,209080,12095050,"Posted: 14 September, 2014",all,kong4321,This game is realy fun when you play it with friends
76561198136780212,Recommended,209080,10160943,"Posted: 18 May, 2014",all,infrno2,Outsiding game play.
,Recommended,209080,12244386,"Posted: 26 September, 2014",all,Savagehare2,Good game
,Recommended,209080,12246658,"Posted: 26 September, 2014",all,Lotus,"I bought the 4-pack last year and had lots of fun playing with friends. It's a great team building exercise - lots of humour trying to communicate, navigate and command your team or a ship.I would definately reccommend this game to anyone interested in tactical games with friends."
76561198077134075,Recommended,209080,12218086,"Posted: 24 September, 2014",all,MrChaosCL,"Fantastic game that requires a lot of teamwork.Developers are very friendly and helpful, and it is more than obvious that they care about the people playing this.Only downside for me is that the game lags even though it shouldn't, but that won't stop me from playing this fantastic game."
76561198047947816,Recommended,209080,12219909,"Posted: 24 September, 2014",all,Renewablefrog,"Now THIS is the kind of game that I love to play with my friends. Guns of Icarus requires you to work in a team as a single member, the zeplin or whatever. The players contibute to the zeplins bite, life, or actions as either the gunner, engineer, or pilot respectively. However this does not mean that each person only does those roles (except for the pilot, who does pretty much stay in place and occasionaly helps with repairs when not in combat). Gunners will have to abandon their posts to keep the ship in the air, and engineeres will hop in the guns for the opening, or sometimes closing, vollies in battle. This creates a very enjoyable hybrid of cooperative and competative in the sense that ""we are working as a team to ruin those guy's day.""Plus you can, and I do frequently, ""slam dunk"" small ships with big ones and obliterate them via a combination of ramming and massive firepower. Do that and tell me its not awesome."
76561198067300804,Recommended,209080,12220661,"Posted: 24 September, 2014",all,Obermoser,This game is so funny with friends i love it.
,Recommended,209080,12232100,"Posted: 25 September, 2014",all,Aus480,"Simply brilliant.Unique and entertaining, friendly community and absolutely focused on team-work.Love it."
76561198010736016,Recommended,209080,16453063,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,[VI] Kaeylic Draengleic,HELL TO THE ♥♥♥♥ING YES
,Recommended,209080,16456886,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,SirDank™,What can I say? Today I was in a game lobby where my and the enemy team took it in turns to sing the lines of Dont Stop Believing. This game is fun in every way possible.Rated 70/69
,Recommended,209080,15894514,"Posted: 18 May, 2015",all,Jay,Amazing game. Get it. it's worth it. 'Nuff said.
,Recommended,209080,16457274,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,xColdxFusionx,Something something flying boats and firey death
76561197965630154,Recommended,209080,16458654,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,MindFreeze,Very fun Team battle game.
76561198005650369,Not Recommended,209080,16426521,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,威化餅,WTF
76561198071784161,Recommended,209080,16433026,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,StarLord,Fantastic game. More of my friends should get and play this.
,Recommended,209080,16434328,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,OMNIMANGO,This game is super awesome and it's easy to get into
,Recommended,209080,16370867,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,davisgustapsis,Really good game LOve it!!!!
,Recommended,209080,16371561,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,Snuzz,"Great game, I haven't played much but I do know that this is a brilliant game and I would play it more if a friend had it."
76561197971333876,Recommended,209080,16371637,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,Hofnarr,"Intense, but very fun game. I can't believe I haven't heard about it till now."
76561198048653818,Recommended,209080,16372196,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,Salix,"Great artistic feel, awesome team game, great when you get 3 mates together and lead your ship to victory, just needs more players."
,Recommended,209080,16376800,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,NathanAhead,"i know i havent played long and i am still in a novice group , mechanics are solid the gameplay gets crazy and hectic at times it really feels as if your one part of a machine , either work your♥♥♥♥♥to repair the ever draining Hull , the burning engines or your deflating balloon or you man the guns and start taking the enemy balloons down with you , Team Work is essential , from keeping your craft afloat and going on offensive is key , having a good crew makes the vessel a worthy adversary , in short its a solid game and the graphics are up to par if not above , i recommend it immediately if its on sale , this game is worthy to be picked up and played with"
76561197993232823,Recommended,209080,16392845,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,AchillesXI,"I don't know why this game is so much fun. It's basically TF2 but in the sky on airships. Most of the time you'll be playing as the gunner or engineer class. Engineer plays similar to the one in TF2, running frantically around trying to keep the ship afloat and guns working. The gunner has a bit of a learning curve bec there are a lot of different guns and each have their own ammo for different scenarios. I haven't used the pilot class yet so I can't say.This game goes on sale a lot and it's only a couple of dollars. There's a good number of people playing this and it's really fun to just hop on and play with your friends or just the public."
76561198039760023,Recommended,209080,16395608,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,ChrisThePyro,"Even though iv only played a few minuts of GoI iv had alot of fun, I realy like the steampunk desings, and the unique look of each of the different airships."
,Recommended,209080,16396507,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,virtual suicide,PEW PEW PEW I'm on a steampunk battleship killing other people on other steampunk battleship.-Looks nice.-Plays nice.-Is fun.-Rockets.8.75/10
,Recommended,209080,16396724,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,Antium,"Steampunk airships, co-operative ship operation, and furious battles in the sky. Tons of fun, great game to get a few friends in on and hop in voice chat (ingame is good, or you can use you prefered type)."
76561198086766548,Recommended,209080,16397127,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,ZeroBeat,gud gaime
76561198067921255,Recommended,209080,11495866,"Posted: 31 July, 2014",all,ARCTIC ACE,I'v had this game for a yaer now and love it this is a vary team based game and best played with firends for maximum enjoyment
,Recommended,209080,4852778,"Posted: 11 May, 2013",all,Niterunner,"Having this in space would blow my mind! Still, it's pretty damn good ;)"
,Recommended,209080,12686862,"Posted: 29 October, 2014",all,Spunky,"A terrific game, creative gameplay with mechanics that necessitates team work and communication incombination with beautiful graphics, imaginative ship designs and choices.And with that, I will state what I don't like about it. The laggy hiccups it does occasionally creates some frustrations in intense fire fights. I understand the inconvenience of the hardpoints placements, but it such a hassle to move from one area to the next, getting caught on jaggednes or decorations on a ship. Several times I could have saved the ship's hull if I didn't get caught on a wall on my way to it. Good luck trying to get into games quickly, since the matchmaking is sort of a problem and the fact that there are so few people playing online. I am a fan of steam punk, however the dull, grungy pallete is a nitpick, so difficult to quickly make out what color a ship in the distance is, or your own ship for that matter.  There are clear imbalances and preferences in ship classes online, which reduce much of the skirmishes to be just artillery pyrimidions or goldfish. the customization of the ship and person, is very limited, even the shop holds too little customization options and items.Also, do yourself a favor when you first start off, is to go to video options and disable the crappy unnecessary filter and effects. Owners of lower end computers will thank me, since it kills frames like nothing. I don't even know why they bothered putting in that♥♥♥♥♥♥when it adds nothing.I still enjoy playing, I only hope to gain a good crew or have more players playing."
76561198144412480,Recommended,209080,12687260,"Posted: 29 October, 2014",all,gamefunx,TEAMWORK :D
76561198003051142,Recommended,209080,12687334,"Posted: 29 October, 2014",all,Thévenin,"The artstyle is rusty and posh steampunk noir, and the Unity engine performs admirably. With a mic and the cooperative attitude that pervades the community, you'll quickly find yourself barking orders and status reports as your pilot pumps the engines for the speed to avoid a broadside, the gunners fill the air with fire, and the engineers try desperately to keep your ship in the sky.This game will make you hold your breath.8/10"
,Recommended,209080,3438971,"Posted: 26 September, 2013",all,Sephecure,Pure dieselpunk brilliance.
,Recommended,209080,10689355,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,Бала́кирев,Great game that requires heavy teamwork. Get some friends on and have a blast.
,Recommended,209080,10700439,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,블랙넛,I AM A GOOD PILOT ACCORDING TO WILLIAM SO IT MUST BE A GOOD GAME10/10WOULD BUY AGAIN
,Recommended,209080,22152115,"Posted: 30 March, 2016",all,Garry,"Picture this: Your flying pirate ship is falling out the sky, your guns are out of order and your hulls on fire. Your friends are screaming and everything's your fault. You know it's your fault because everyone makes it yours. That is esentially how my matches end up. And I love it.Just blame everything on the pilot! At least that's how my matches go with friends. I'm the pilot usually incase you didn't guess. It's never the gunners fault, nope. Not ever. And the engineer? It doesnt matter if he's licking that spanner while our ships burning out the sky, it's the pilots god given duty to fly us out of there and in one piece. Joking aside this game is very fun with friends, though it can becoming stressful and difficult, testing your friends levels of banter and good spirit. Me and my friends always manage to have a great laugh while playing this game, probably because I blame everything on those unfortunate enough to be on my ship.10/10 Friendly community, hilarious with mates and updated monthly."
,Not Recommended,209080,22094346,"Posted: 27 March, 2016",all,lucoa,i'm not a big fan tbh
76561198145980008,Recommended,209080,22233383,"Posted: 4 April, 2016",all,Obredbeck,This is a fantasti game for 4 or more friends
76561198069643014,Recommended,209080,22224847,"Posted: 3 April, 2016",all,Funky Monky,"An interesting game of battling airships, tied in with realistic mechanics to promote the immersivity. The game also has a very small community, never reaching more than 500 players a day."
,Recommended,209080,22199349,"Posted: 2 April, 2016",all,Am-Bush,"This game is one of my most favorite games. Airship warfare come on that has to sound cool to everyone. However by weary if you can't take orders from your captain, or work as a team then I don't think this game is for you. It does take a little getting used to but once you find the dlass your best at the game is really fun. It's a teally fun and cool idea I recommend this game.P.S. I plan on getting the Alliance DLC as soon as it comes out and I dont really buy DLC for any game."
76561198078547518,Recommended,209080,22227613,"Posted: 3 April, 2016",all,Nad Tatrou Blyska,This game is a lot of fun and stragety u got to learn the game inorder to play it correctly (memorization) the graphics arent the best but still are pretty good and if u like pvp team this is the game for you
,Recommended,209080,22222763,"Posted: 3 April, 2016",all,PapaPitun,I joined to the team where everyone was acting like a duck. 10/10 would quack again.
,Recommended,209080,22173390,"Posted: 31 March, 2016",all,Vekky(∩` ﾛ ´)⊃━炎炎,"I normally don't do reviews, but this time I felt it would be a shame if I didn't award credit to how GREAT this game is. For $10, you get one of the most mechanically unique and sound games I've played in a long time, and that being said, I've only owned it for a day. While I wish pick-up-crews would maybe take more advantage of the in-game voice chat for strategizing, even the reactionary strategy within a crew keeps you on your toes and thinking. Everyone has a job decided upon per match, and yet can jump into another role on the ship when needed in real time. I would worry about the game being repetitive, were it not for that every match feels different, as you never know who or what exactly you'll be up against, and the game allows for so much customization in playstyle and builds. The game also looks and feels really great, as it knows its theme and designs well around it. The item shop sells only cosmetics on the cheap (50 cents to a couple of dollars), and they all look really nice. With loads of replay value and an affordable major PVE expansion on the way, this game has delivered a lot, and I'm very excited to be part of the community going forward!Pros:-Great mechanics-Great balance of cooperation and competition-Great fun and feeling of duty and achievement-Successes and failures alike create great stories-Community is helpful, and haven't so far run into any poor sportsmanship-Evolving game; substantial and affordable dlc/expansionary content on the wayCons:-Tooltips and tutorials could use improvement-Many different default chat hotkeys feel unnaturally mapped, hard to remember-Pick-up-crewes sometimes suffer from lack of communication-Chatbox could benefit from a better graphics user interface-Voice chat could benefit from UI indicators in-gameWould recommend to:-Multiplayer/co-op junkies, possibly MMO junkies down the road with coming PVE content-Players who prefer lobby/match (at this point in time, the game is entirely lobby/match based)-Players with limited time to game per day/week/month/year-Flight simulator fans-Players looking for a very unique multiplayer gameplay experience more mechanically complex than ""kill the thing"""
76561198001001860,Recommended,209080,22182682,"Posted: 1 April, 2016",all,Everfree42,"Still one of my favorite games to play! I just wish more of my friends play it.  Crew really does make or break the experience. Also, don't be afraid to experiment with different loadouts. Read about the weapons and come to your own conclusions about proper loadout. There are some loadouts that are a must (Gatling with Greased rounds), but I have an odd loadout that catches a lot of heat (figurative). However, when I have a competent crew, enemy ships drop super fast and other captains learn a new possible build!"
,Recommended,209080,13463867,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,DarkNetFan,"This game is one of the best I've ever played. The community is great, the gameplay deep. Can only recommend it.Even runs on Linux.Love it."
,Recommended,209080,22047109,"Posted: 25 March, 2016",all,Treehouse,"A beautiful game, turn that fog on and get lost in hitting things with wrenches whiles being oblivious  to any fighting going on."
76561198136771461,Recommended,209080,22099302,"Posted: 27 March, 2016",all,Garry,"1. Get teamed up with pro player2. Comepletely annihilate the enemy's team3. Second match, the pro player is my enemy4. Get rekt-ed10/10 would get rekt-ed again"
,Recommended,209080,21971333,"Posted: 21 March, 2016",all,huntzilla360c,"this game is great, It involves lots of teamwork and patients."
,Recommended,209080,12872207,"Posted: 9 November, 2014",all,GiaLoTa,"Great unique game, downside is that the online is pretty low, apart from times when it is on sale."
76561198099121010,Recommended,209080,12873502,"Posted: 10 November, 2014",all,Bounterra,"If you are a hardcore coop gamer like me with awesome friends, then I suggest you  guys buy this with 4 pack and its worth every penny.Community is great and friendly.Game play is VERY satisfying as it requires alot of cooperation with comms(my kind of standards)level is a meh but strategy of wrecking the enemy ship is something else(believe me I tried being a pilot)the only bad part about this game is that it lacks recognition and certainly needs more ship and gunsNo bias or anything but I would definitely choose GoLc over dota 2 in terms of coop and community"
,Recommended,209080,12874751,"Posted: 10 November, 2014",all,Yar,Game involves teamwork needed to win.
76561198059435471,Recommended,209080,12875342,"Posted: 10 November, 2014",all,jake2911,"Amazing airship battles and overall theme of the game. It is not overcomplicated yet not too simplistic either, well balancing between being hard and enjoyful. I recommend this game to anyone who enjoys team-play."
,Recommended,209080,12878151,"Posted: 10 November, 2014",all,Alfabetet,f yeah
,Recommended,209080,12878450,"Posted: 10 November, 2014",all,Fraggin' Ragle,There's nothing about this title that isn't incredible.Just get it.
76561198092415486,Recommended,209080,12856069,"Posted: 8 November, 2014",all,Gavalon,"Fun game, and enjoyable to play.The aspect of having to work together with a team to succeed may be hard sometimes if you don't have a good crew, but if you are able to craft the best one that you can, then you will enjoy the game even more. The graphics are great, and the ships look beautiful. I would definitely recommend this game to anyone."
76561198088353835,Recommended,209080,12856322,"Posted: 8 November, 2014",all,Shitstain,Super fuunfnnffnnfnfn
,Recommended,209080,12856654,"Posted: 8 November, 2014",all,egg,Fun blimp airfighting game
76561198026784701,Recommended,209080,12858286,"Posted: 9 November, 2014",all,Abbadon the Water of Wormwood,"OMG OMG OMG OMG OMG OMG OMG ummmmmmmm SUPER AWESOME!!! and, like, so nutritious. I may be dead and an angel of heaven or hell or valhalla, either way doesn't matter to me, I'm glad to be here.So short review, buy it and come melt your eyeballs, and bring extra shirts, you'll need em."
,Recommended,209080,12858861,"Posted: 9 November, 2014",all,Proxidius,"A great game to have massive clan battles in, Steampunk clans will love this!"
76561198096030027,Recommended,209080,12861751,"Posted: 9 November, 2014",all,feuerbringer,"Without having played it much, I already can tell, this game has high potential. If you have a few friends in the game, it gets even better. It`s no ""pay to win"" which is very good (and rare). I will play it a little longer and update this Review."
,Recommended,209080,12862490,"Posted: 9 November, 2014",all,Mink,"I have only played a few hours, but so far it is a terrfic game. Combining stratagy and shooter. Ignor the metacritic score because this game is much more deserving of a high 80s rating."
,Recommended,209080,12891272,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,FleshyPrison | <O>,"Love this game! Sure there are some things that could be more expansive, but the game overasll forces you to either work with your team to wreak havoc through the skies... or die. Definitely recommend!"
76561198055091214,Recommended,209080,12894046,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,leirynot,"Really fun game. I didn't have any idea what I was doing at first and loved it, then once I actually figured out how to play, I loved it even more. You have 3 classes in this game: gunner, pilot, and engineer. The gunner gets more ammo types than any of the other classes, the engineer gets more repair and buff tools, and the pilot gets the most piloting skills (abilities they can activate while flying that have special effects, such as buffing the ship but damaging it or creating a giant smoke cloud). There are a fair variety of weapons for your ship like gattling guns, shotguns, sniping guns, medium-range flak cannons, and flamethrowers. Each has its advantages and disadvantages. Finding the right combo of gun and ammo type can be devastating to enemies.All in all this game is pretty awesome, though it can be a bit unstable and crash sometimes (for me at least)."
76561198033335500,Recommended,209080,12895674,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,Rarepepeman Bill,"Love the game. Community is great , gameplay is fun , just shame there is not really much players."
,Recommended,209080,16340324,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,[NOT] [LL]  Justin N.,FOR THE DANDY LION!
,Recommended,209080,16364734,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,Mega Beedrill,"If you have a team of 4 friends on , this game will provide lots of fun and entertainment!"
,Recommended,209080,16368591,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,Fox2001,Buy 4 packBuy 3 friendsBuy top hatBest game
,Recommended,209080,16377909,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,Lessen,Protect the Hull at all cost!
76561198114270691,Recommended,209080,16378068,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,Asriel Dreemurr,This game has been one of the most interesting experiences with any game that I have played. There is so much teamwork and communication that is needed to properly play the game but that can be easily solved
76561198048368338,Recommended,209080,16383540,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,El Daisuke,"Airship simulator. Impressive teamwork game. What more could you want?Whats impressive is that they removed the clunkyness of working together such as being too much of a simulation. As long as you grab a working team, does this game become a blast! The coordination in this what deters most people but get into the community and all dreams of working as a crew comes alive. Give it a shot"
,Recommended,209080,16383658,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,chiken,iz gud
76561198106144970,Recommended,209080,16326007,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,Lioness Solomon,I thoroughly enjoy flying air battle ships. 10/10 would play again.
76561198155458444,Recommended,209080,16326266,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,Sille Mail,it is worth getting no matter what kind of gamer you are
76561198033159241,Recommended,209080,16326975,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,ClosedAI,Pretty cool game
76561198000961437,Recommended,209080,16329601,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,Leadnoob,worth every dollar plus!
76561198112695366,Recommended,209080,15919545,"Posted: 20 May, 2015",all,BigShaq,Its good
,Recommended,209080,15919758,"Posted: 20 May, 2015",all,Redotopia,"Just played the game for a few hours and I must say it's really fun but it's really hard to understand in the beginning and if you play with a crew that doesn't know what they're doing you're basically ♥♥♥♥ed.The AI in the game is really bad too, I was playing a game with a bot and the only thing it did was sit behind a gun even if the ship was highly damaged.This game is also a lot of fun to play with friends."
,Recommended,209080,15921588,"Posted: 20 May, 2015",all,curtisr,"As having the most experience and play time out of everyone here, I'd say this game is pretty fun. Would be pretty sick if they made a space ship version of this game as well."
,Recommended,209080,15921696,"Posted: 20 May, 2015",all,Cap'n Clams,"Fun, Steampunk, Teambased Airship Shooter. Get a Mic. 8.5/10 Needs ship boarding and swords/steampunk blunderbusses."
,Recommended,209080,15922238,"Posted: 20 May, 2015",all,Creepy Fish (R.I.P Hugh),This game is very team based and requires skill. Not many games have that now days so I'll give this a 8.6/10.PS: be ready to grind for levels in this game.
,Recommended,209080,15922654,"Posted: 20 May, 2015",all,Cmdr Travis,This game is so great with friends. To have a team behind you makes this game even better.
76561198032228106,Recommended,209080,15923340,"Posted: 20 May, 2015",all,LordZargon,"This is a team-based real-time tactical combat simulation of air ship combat. This game requires real teamwork to playPros: This game requires real teamwork to play. The ship designs, character equipment choices, and possible weapon configurations are varied and diverse allowing for interesting and fresh gameplay each time.  The maps and clouds and effects are gorgeous and have real gameplay value.  It feels very steampunky.  The matchmaking system seems to work well, I'm never waiting longer than 5min to get into a match. Looks good without making your computer cry.Cons: This game requires real teamwork to play. Communication is a must, and a sizable percentage of players don't have or use a mic to talk. If your ship has less than 4, AI will take over, the AI is not very effective. Not all of the weapons and equipment choices are balanced, leaving some ships and players unable to compete. Matches can run from 5 to 40 min depending on the game.TLDR: if you like steampunk or if you like coop team games, get this game,  You will not feel your money was wasted. Just make sure you bring your microphone."
,Recommended,209080,15923595,"Posted: 20 May, 2015",all,Tamloo,"Great game to play with friends. Requires a lot of team work between not only your crew, but the other ships on your team. No matter what your role is on the ship, you always have something to do and something to fix/buff. Requires getting a good strategy with a ship as well as once mastering one ship climb aboard another ship and coming up with more to be more versatile with your teammates. Highly recommend this game especially with a group of friends."
76561197999919345,Recommended,209080,15923614,"Posted: 20 May, 2015",all,Azel RavenWood,"Even though I am rather new at this game. I find that it presents ship to ship fighting in a vary unique and rather effective way. Just from playing a bit of it and from watching others play, you can see that it really acts as a solid example of Team Work and as a game that presents a sweet amount of content between the Ships and their various load outs. Heck. The fact that you can customize your own character model and ship gives this game a sense that when you go into battle against another player, you are not going in with just a pre-created ship. No, you are going in with your ship and your own crew. Its all about Glory and Honor...and a bit of madness and backstabbing tactical skill thrown in.As stated at the beginning of this review, I am rather new to this, but i will totally be coming back to play more. The only thing i need to do now is to get a new Computer or Update it somehow. Lag on my computer is super real in this game. But it is Lag well spent."
76561198124639698,Recommended,209080,15932884,"Posted: 21 May, 2015",all,Riftex,"This is probably the only TRUE teamwork game out there, lets take TF2 for example, it says that it is a team game, but you never really connect with the players on your team. It's more like, ""Oh, one of the players just cleared up the path for me to go through to get the intelligence for myself!"" This would be the case for TF2, but with Guns of Icarus it's more like, ""Woohoo! The gunner and I really destroyed that ship! And our engineer did a really great job, and our captain was an expert at telling us where to go and what to shoot, that was awesome!"" I feel that because there are four people per ship, it really doesn't give you to many or to little people to interact with. You have the cooperation with both your crew and then your other team ship. This game is amazing for how it bonds people over airship fighting."
,Recommended,209080,15934848,"Posted: 21 May, 2015",all,Loverin,"Do you like tatical games? Do you like shooters? Do you enjoy Steampunk themed stuff?Then just go ahead and buys this amazing indie game,I'm yet to find another game with a similar concept.Buy it while it's still in sale, really worth the price."
,Recommended,209080,15981703,"Posted: 24 May, 2015",all,cucked as always,Best game ever ! 10/10
,Recommended,209080,15982960,"Posted: 24 May, 2015",all,AlnthraevaN,Zeppelins with spear11/10
,Recommended,209080,16415266,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,Lazarus ツ,Great for the money. Get it !!!
76561198148275910,Recommended,209080,16416959,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,Ζεύς,vary adictive....
76561198081083011,Recommended,209080,12830242,"Posted: 7 November, 2014",all,Cradess,"Absolutely fantastic, incredibly enjoying gameplay. there's no real bugs i've seen, the graphics look amazing and there's such a ♥♥♥♥eload of small details. The tutorial is slightly unclear, but the gameplay is very intuitive. on top of that, most of the community is lovely and willing to help."
76561198062175910,Recommended,209080,12622141,"Posted: 25 October, 2014",all,Ironmongoose,"If you want to be Captain or Crew of a airship this is for you, choose what guns you want and even upgrade your gear clothes or skills, its fun and while a bit challenging to get a crew to work together it has its benifits to finding the right crew to fly with.so get together with your friends and riddle some enemy airships with cannons, machineguns, rockets, or flamethrowers and remember that the airship you fly has vulnerable spots and all of the airships have weaknesses some where so Good luck and happy hunting.multiplayer only so no single player play however it can be truely fun and exciting since you never know what your going to get in a crew"
,Recommended,209080,12623401,"Posted: 25 October, 2014",all,TheFallenHuman,"In resume, it's a great game, lots of work in rpg base and action, the only real problem is only are left a few players that still play. A little work in the marketing and it's done. (Sorry for my english)"
76561198084674350,Recommended,209080,12625976,"Posted: 25 October, 2014",all,King Communisum,Amazing just sooo epic you can be the captain of a mighty airship and rule the sky or be a gunner and do your captains dirtywork or be an engineer and fix your ship and keep it from going to rubble.... JUST AMAZING
76561198056412875,Recommended,209080,8136617,"Posted: 20 December, 2013",all,YaY,"Ultimate team-play trial, worth spending the little money and it's super fun!"
76561198045128249,Recommended,209080,10808833,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,Ninja of Love,Very fun Co-op based multiplayer game! With the added effect of roleplaying in a specific class it can make any game a expeirence a rememberable one. Highly suggested you play with friends for more fun
76561198020089699,Recommended,209080,10810929,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,Mothers_Worry,Preaty sick you fly around in airships blowing up other air ships playing with friends is a good I dea if you wish to do REALY well
,Recommended,209080,10812697,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,TheArmyGuy,"Great underrated game that depends on teamwork more than anything. Also, you get to ram steampunk airships out of the sky, so that's fun.9/10"
,Recommended,209080,10869517,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,ben,"Guns of Icarus is a very fun game to play. You can play with your friends and make a team, customize characters and ships, and all other cool stuff"
,Recommended,209080,10779723,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,Grimaldi Cascade,Crashed a Pyramidion into another ship so hard it blew their balloon on the spot. We died anyway.10/10
76561198049967903,Recommended,209080,10780142,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,Bugs,Airships nuf said.
76561198116980174,Recommended,209080,10782497,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,DannyGrags,"Solid game, get together with a group of your friends and make a crew, lots of fun"
76561198099781360,Recommended,209080,10784081,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,Calderweiss,A beautifully crafted airship combat game with a lot more depth then meets the eyes.Great to play with friends.Steampunk as all get out10/10 would fly again
,Recommended,209080,10620487,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,Adam,"A great cooperative, mulitplayer online battle, that really feeds your willingness to cause havoc! I love a game that can make you feel like you've had a great time playing even when you lose, and this does it perfectly.There are also a lot of updates being brought out constantly to fix game bugs, lag and add in new features, which really makes the game 10x whats it's worth, and makes you feel really looked after by the game developers and producers, which is why I would recommend anyone to get it.None of my friends play it unfortunately, but nonetheless you make so many whilst in-game chatting to your team mates, there are no issues at all. 10/10Well worth the money."
76561197999844016,Recommended,209080,12687454,"Posted: 29 October, 2014",all,SirSkidmore,An absolute blast with friends.
,Recommended,209080,12688207,"Posted: 29 October, 2014",all,Josh,i would have happily payed double for this game. well worth the $15. my only complaint is that you arent forced to play the tutorial. to many people skip it. the creators should get to work on a scifi sequel! a space ship version would be even more awesome than this one.
,Recommended,209080,25320702,"Posted: 3 September, 2016",all,Nosferatu,"This game is pretty fun and a very unique experience. The community is nice, albeit quite serious and geared towards veteran players. There are still updates, so it is still an active environment.(The release of Aliance replaces this release, but it is basically the same client. It gives a sort of coop campaign addition, so I will not review that here.)The gameplay is multiplayer only, hence the online tag. Communication or teamwork are quite important, but there are quick commands available and not all classes need to engage with it as intensely.Flying a ship feels very cool and there is some tactical depth available, thus feels rewarding. Strategic superiority is superseded with instant fun however by the gunner which feels at least as great when bringing other ships down. The pacing of it all is rather slow, but still quite intense. All-in-all it feels very immersive and just overall enjoyable, but there are some things I'd like to see different.Which brings me to the lesser part of the game in my personal opinion, the engineer and repairing mechanic. The discrepancy lies in the fact that on-board gameplay is very frantic, this is most obvious in the very weird and fast movement and animations the characters have. I feel this distracts from the general gameplay and immersion. And anyway nobody likes whacking at things in a game 60-80% of the time.The draw in this game is flying and shooting in multicrew ships, if the focus on engineering stays this strong it isn't going to pull in new players. The rest of the game is still very awesome, but I'd like to see some rebalancing in this area to keep playing it._____Let me explain further for those who are willing to bear with me:The different ship components get destroyed easily, parts take very little damage to this end. On the other hand they are just as easily repaired. This premise requires crewmembers to run around like crazy aimless chickens sometimes to keep everything working, and there are plenty of components to go around. The result is that matches can be very long (30+ min.) if the engineer is doing good but nobody is shooting, or the complete opposite when he's making a mess.I think it would be more enjoyable when damage models were different so that more is needed to destroy any single component, but it would be a lot harder to repair that certain component. Which would result in harder choices, but faster kills. This would also make it possible to enable a more realistic tone of charachter movement and animation.In the end it is still a very fun and enjoyable game, and I will continue to play it for some time. My issue was more of a 'What if?' scenario than anything else. Please come and try it yourself, the game is very stable and active so it will never be a waste of time. It is on sale very cheap now and then, so it won't be a waste of money either."
,Recommended,209080,26461927,"Posted: 6 November, 2016",all,Hooks,"This game is seriously really fun. It's OK alone, but the real magic happens when you get 2 or 3 of your friends join. It starts with some slight anxiety. Then you see another ship and all you know about your friends is put into question. The captain starts screaming, the crew scrambles and tries to keep the ship together. Once everyone has devolved into chaos, the crew questions the captains capability, the captain questions the crew's capability, then you all die.10/10 Hyped for new dlc."
76561198084890757,Recommended,209080,8457525,"Posted: 31 December, 2013",all,Benpl,"Amazing game, worth every penny"
76561198093600620,Recommended,209080,26406402,"Posted: 3 November, 2016",all,yerroc00,"No, this game is not dead.It's a good game but lacks replayablility."
,Recommended,209080,25343746,"Posted: 4 September, 2016",all,Brilmans,the game is dying but you can still find matches. if youre a noob you can ussually get on a ship with good players. the game is not that hard and fun to play every once in a while
76561198176845769,Recommended,209080,25813348,"Posted: 1 October, 2016",all,Definitely Not The Sanders,"Can be laggy at times and you will spend looks of time at loading screens, but once you start playing it is really fun and wont end up minding the wait."
,Recommended,209080,25848847,"Posted: 3 October, 2016",all,JaptainCack69,if u want 2 get yelled at more than in cs go
76561198231511448,Recommended,209080,25876475,"Posted: 5 October, 2016",all,Zecthup,I LOVE this game the astetic the game play its really fun its hard to adust to but it really fun in the end
76561198111844592,Recommended,209080,12757406,"Posted: 2 November, 2014",all,Anime Randoms,"This game is loads of fun.If you like airships, guns, and explosions, then this game is probably for you."
76561198089576470,Recommended,209080,26298630,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,curtisaurus,"I bought this game a while back (I think at full price of $9.99) but never fired it up- it seemed like a cool idea that was really interesting to me, but I was afraid of the learning curve and accessiablity of a crew-based aerial multiplayer game such as this..Finially I gave it a shot last week, and it is a ton of fun. The game is way more accessiable than I thought it would be, and the tutorials are quick and helpful. Typical gameplay is deathmatch involving 2 teams of 2 airships each- each airship has a crew of 4 players. A captain steers the ship around while the other 3 players run the deck frantically trying to man the various gun positions, repair damage and put out fires. Team work and strategy are key, otherwise you totally get your ship wrecked hard. It is frustrating to lose, but incredibly satsifying to take down an opposing airship. The community is great, and everyone I've interacted with is very friendly and helpful.Even just spectating a game is super fun- the action is something to behold.The only complaint I can think to mention right now is related to the wait time between games. It typcially takes several minutes in the pre-game lobby while the crews assemble and chose loadouts, etc. If one of the teams is missing a captain it will take longer. I'm impatient so I'd prefer shorter intermissions, like 30 seconds between games, but the wait here is typically a bit longer than that.  But once in game, I always find that the action was worth the wait.Guns Of Icarus is an excellent value even at full price. I'd recommend it to anyone interested in a fun and accessible air (or even sea) combat, or anyone intrigued by the videos on the store page. The gameplay delivers.And if the game happens to be on sale, I'd recommend it to ANYONE, even just for the fun of spectating other people's matches. You get the thrill of seeing airships destroyed in combat without the frustration of having to be on them as they explode."
76561198048345060,Recommended,209080,26298083,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,Ovan,"This game is a great coop and pvp game, for those who like to play as a team.You have 3 classes, the captain which will hopefuly not kill everyone horribly by crashing into buildings. The mechanic, which will hopefuly not let the aircraft burn. The gunner, which will hopefuly kow how to shoot and doesn't chose that class just because he wanted to be sited on the guns the whole match.You can customize both the loadout and appearance of ships and crew.By combining the wits and inteligence of the 4 teammates, your objective is to destroy the enemy ships in 1v1 up to 3v3 battles (each ship having 4 people in it)...but mostly likely you all will fumble in some way and you will have a quick travel to the respawn point :P.PvE is in the works as a dlc campaign, right now you have teamdeath matches and capture the point.Like i said, a game for team play, not for ""carring"" or heroism, because of that, the community is also very friendly :)."
76561198149981502,Recommended,209080,26296640,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,Elfhero,"Fun game, good team building. 10/10"
76561198107397231,Recommended,209080,26337133,"Posted: 31 October, 2016",all,Hella Bread,Good with a full team (of friends). Mostly fun with a full team even they aren't your friends.
,Recommended,209080,21472258,"Posted: 26 February, 2016",all,Giant Dad°,best community - 2016
,Recommended,209080,21366410,"Posted: 21 February, 2016",all,Nikillo16,"Great game, lots of fun"
76561198082499576,Recommended,209080,21510072,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,Magic Bread,This game is something I have wanted for a long long time.I think it's great. =]Being a gunner and a pilot is awesome but the Engineer class is so mind numbingly boring that it lets the game down.I would Recommend this game but I would not recommend playing as an engineer.
,Recommended,209080,21499775,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,BuckTheStar,"A very fun game to play, with nice graphics."
,Recommended,209080,21488970,"Posted: 26 February, 2016",all,Major Malfunction,Heres a Guns of Icarus Online themed drinking gametake a shot everytime you glich/fall off the ship
76561198024064214,Recommended,209080,21511839,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,h3k,10/10 community and the game is very well made
,Recommended,209080,22073491,"Posted: 26 March, 2016",all,「Sgt. Birb」,Very good game. Would reccomend to any one who is a fan of Co-op Vs. Games.
,Recommended,209080,22079400,"Posted: 27 March, 2016",all,Psiursus,I don't care what anyone says. Getting together with 3 buds in this game and going crazy is a hellaton fun. Requires a lot of teamwork and can be a huge mess when♥♥♥♥♥♥goes down. I love this game and highly rate it.
76561198106025595,Recommended,209080,21984846,"Posted: 22 March, 2016",all,CrimsonGamer99,There is an amazingly attractive tip box. It told me to say this.10/10 would read all the tips again.
76561198040549915,Recommended,209080,21985356,"Posted: 22 March, 2016",all,Mrmac23,"Excepting the occasionally severe mismatching of player levels, this is still a fantastic steampunk airship combat game with a small but delightful community, and one of the only games I've never gotten ♥♥♥♥ing mad at. I don't even know how, something about it just sucks the overwhelming majority of the toxicity of most teamwork-based PvP games out and turns it into tense but supremely enjoyable engagements. An absolute joy to play.Also, firing a Hwacha really is like dropping a ♥♥♥♥ing load."
,Recommended,209080,22067279,"Posted: 26 March, 2016",all,Longshots March,Pretty Fun m9 When I play this game I blaze weed while shooting down other ships Its pretty dank
,Recommended,209080,22038380,"Posted: 25 March, 2016",all,50ShadesofIcedTea (Musician),Played this for a couple of hours aaaand it's already 3 AM
,Recommended,209080,22034818,"Posted: 24 March, 2016",all,coolguyace,"One of my favorite team based games. It's very balanced and has a ton of potential for being a highly competitive game. It's not a problem as a game that there has to be a ton of players in one match in order to start, this game would have much more to offer if more people would play it. Maybe it should have taken the free to play route to get more players. Also, don't always listen to other people's advice, I think it's best if you find your own strategy on the ship.The graphics are pretty amazing and the maps are huge!"
76561198067936875,Recommended,209080,21999678,"Posted: 23 March, 2016",all,gizmooo9,"Great fun, Small community"
,Recommended,209080,21898436,"Posted: 17 March, 2016",all,Mokloy,IT IS SO AWESOME. YOU DON'T BUY THIS GAME I WILL HUNT YOU DOWN AND KILL YOU
,Recommended,209080,21819939,"Posted: 13 March, 2016",all,FrenchToast,"Im extremely lazy so im gunna make this quick.Its a good game that differs from your everyday FPS, so if you like stuff like that, then boom.Did this review help you?No?K."
,Recommended,209080,21833925,"Posted: 14 March, 2016",all,GiantDad P.H.D.,10/10 community is tottally not dead in any way shape or form
76561198045070428,Recommended,209080,22055672,"Posted: 25 March, 2016",all,That One Kid You Know,"This is a hidden gem, in my opinion.  The team building aspect is really cool.  I find it impossible to win a match if you don't work as a team.  I would say the only negative comment I have about the game is limited character costomization.  But other than that, it's a very good game."
,Recommended,209080,22095727,"Posted: 27 March, 2016",all,MrStrikeTV  csgotower.com,very nice game
,Recommended,209080,6153907,"Posted: 27 April, 2013",all,Will Smith,i recommend you play this it is an extremely fun game
,Recommended,209080,9821143,"Posted: 14 April, 2014",all,Johnny the salesman,"G̶u̶n̶s̶ ̶o̶f̶ ̶i̶c̶a̶r̶u̶s̶ ̶c̶r̶a̶s̶h̶e̶s̶ ̶o̶n̶ ̶t̶h̶e̶ ̶l̶o̶a̶d̶ ̶s̶c̶r̶e̶e̶n̶ ̶e̶v̶e̶r̶y̶ ̶t̶i̶m̶e̶.̶ (fixed and works now thanks devs :D )I still recomend this game after having alot of techincal problems with the game,  its an awsome game when it works, for me anyway :D"
76561198173843410,Recommended,209080,22408299,"Posted: 14 April, 2016",all,yoni.sku,"this game is awesome!!!It's full of action combined with teamwork and funyou can play it with friends or aloneyou can talk to peopledestroy shipsbe pilot, gunner or enginerand just have a lot of funsuper highly recommended!!!!!!!!!(sorry for the english)"
76561198149111618,Recommended,209080,22444096,"Posted: 15 April, 2016",all,Locust.,"An amzing game, if you like steem punk games with lots of guns (but no blood), than this is for you."
,Recommended,209080,22437931,"Posted: 15 April, 2016",all,SalaD SnacK,The tip box is attractive 10/10
,Recommended,209080,10264713,"Posted: 28 May, 2014",all,Wilsonator,"This is a BRILLIANT game! Flying high, all working together to either eliminate the enemy, or beat them!"
,Recommended,209080,22415674,"Posted: 14 April, 2016",all,Maexilian Velothys,It has an amazingly attractive tip box.
,Recommended,209080,7383230,"Posted: 13 October, 2013",all,Sensiechan,"This game is crazy fun and offers a high level of competitiveness and, yelling at incompetent team members who stand and do nothing but criticize your flying skills....COME ONE COME ALL!! Seriously though, buy it now."
,Recommended,209080,22498920,"Posted: 18 April, 2016",all,cook 𝞿,yay!
,Recommended,209080,22496324,"Posted: 18 April, 2016",all,LouseGrouse,"""EVERYTHING IS ON FIRE HOLY FU-""Last words.10/10 would die again."
,Recommended,209080,22484356,"Posted: 17 April, 2016",all,Rumpus Bingo,10/10 would airships again
76561198055752469,Recommended,209080,22573058,"Posted: 22 April, 2016",all,Pvt. J. Smith [508th 008],Amazing.
,Recommended,209080,22361842,"Posted: 11 April, 2016",all,BrassedoffDan,"Seriously addictive- while there is no singleplayer element (hence the name), multiplayer matches are easy to find and join relatively quickly. Gameplay as any class is intense, and there is a totally level playing field between higher and lower levels/ranks- this is a game of skill. A very fun and graphically beautiful game."
,Recommended,209080,8288127,"Posted: 25 December, 2013",all,Taffer Lucksman,I very fun game and has lot's of play time.
,Recommended,209080,18979647,"Posted: 9 November, 2015",all,Ctrl,I have a couple words to say about this game. WHY DONT YOU BUY IT. YOU GET TO BE A FLIPPIN SKYPIRATE ABOARD A STEAMPUNK AIRSHIP!!!! #worththemoney
76561198103337948,Recommended,209080,20861093,"Posted: 30 January, 2016",all,Growler,Not♥♥♥♥♥
76561198140097284,Recommended,209080,20867790,"Posted: 31 January, 2016",all,ToniSparks,Its some good♥♥♥♥♥
76561198088884460,Recommended,209080,21160211,"Posted: 12 February, 2016",all,HaiducuPavel,"Very nice game , alot of teamwork , nice comunity . 10/10 would buy again .Got 2 extra copies of collector's edition 6 bucks each , contact me for details"
76561198164420175,Recommended,209080,21160661,"Posted: 12 February, 2016",all,realkilo,Pretty noice
76561198183434307,Recommended,209080,21178594,"Posted: 13 February, 2016",all,Wizard Bear,this game is one of the best ones i have ever played and if you dont have it get it
76561198050876640,Recommended,209080,21169743,"Posted: 12 February, 2016",all,wes-ley-90-09,"Really great game with good comunity of followers. Fun way to make new friends, and do somthing really different. highly recommened for anyone who like team driven games."
,Recommended,209080,3015513,"Posted: 28 June, 2013",all,Khronax,amazing ship battle thingy game
,Recommended,209080,21043359,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,Shade,I dislike steampunk but it's okay
,Recommended,209080,21017718,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,Chef Bonesy,"Before I begin, I would rather not recommend this game, as it really isn't going to go anywhere up from here, nor does it seem to be improving. However, this recommendation is for those that really like the idea and are ready to brave the absolute elitist ""air"" this game wafts around itself...haha, air ship jokes.Also, everybody sees the positives first on the store page, so I'm ""h4xxing th3 syst3m32""Let's begin, shall we? No really, should we? Frankly I don't think so, but oh well...QUICK REVIEW: Great game, poisonous community; buy at your own risk really.LONG REVIEW:Absolute trash community, hyper-aggressive (as opposed to hyper-competitive) players, terrible match making -- particularly for beginners (or novices, whatever), and just overall not a very beginner friendly game simply because of a community that isn't beginner friendly.The game in itself is unique and very rewarding for high skilled players, but this is where being the new guy is your worst possible position -- worse when you're being guided in both build and role by someone that ""dun' take kindly to novices 'round 'ere"". You're trying to get the hang of things while this person is essentially insulting you as you go; not really that great.Highly recommend reporting players that act this way. Not to ""make the game noob friendly"" but to make it a game where people's primary goal is to improve, and to win just under the primary goal. Granted, reporting a player is taken pretty seriously, so don't rage report, make 'em count, because there are some really bad apples in this game.If you're getting into this game brand spankin' new, don't bother piloting, just engineer and fulfill your role of fixing things and using the lesser guns on a ship. Expect, as warned earlier, pilots with bipolar disorders as your every mistake will be their fuel for harrasing you the ENTIRE game.Mistakes are very costly in this game, but a level 3 shouldn't be paired with an angry, inebriated (I'm not joking), level 30-60 that has expectations exceeding far beyond their own capabilities.It's on sale, grab it while it's cheap if the game caught your eye, but practice in the tutorial (as ♥♥♥♥♥♥ as it is) and practice in the training section some more, understanding all the roles and develop thick skin if you don't already have it, because you will, unfortunately, need it.Oh, and reason for recommending this? I think it's a really awesome game [concept] and it's worth giving a try, just everyone also has to realize that it's full of man-children who don't really play well with others; but I mean, this is the internet right?>meme.jpgCan my mum get da camera yet?But seriously, if the above can't convince you, then I congratulate you, you've evaded a slew of elitist kunts and you're only going to live longer and happier for it."
76561198242693162,Recommended,209080,21084094,"Posted: 9 February, 2016",all,TheEpicJman,"Steampunk. In a video game....Need I say anything else?Ok, I probably should. The thing that makes this game great is that it's focused around teamwork. Sure there is individual achievments you can acquire but doing so helps your teammates tremendously. There isn't any paid transactions that can boost your ship or give you gear so battles are always fair, granted you have a solid loadout on your ship and character. There isn't any ""best"" tool combination so experimentation and exploration are encouraged. Nobody has individual health, so they can focus on repairing the ship or manning the guns. Even if you fall off your ship, you instantly get teleported back on. The Community is great as well, I haven't run into ANY bad sports so far, at least, any who have their microphone on. Most people are just having fun playing. And being able to unlock costumes with leveling at least for me encourages more play time, instead of forcing me to pay in order to get any neat costumes. Even if you don't have a ton of time to play, there are hats and dyes and goggles available from the start, allowing you to make a neat-looking character the moment you start the game. I was kinda scared booting it up because Steampunk games are a relatively unexplored thing, meaning that there were lots of ways this could screw up. But I was amazed at how well this was made. Nicely done, Muse. And thanks for thinking of Steampunk.-TheEpicJman"
76561198200314653,Recommended,209080,21159807,"Posted: 12 February, 2016",all,N,beautiful game intense play loong waiting time for a game to start also this game takes time to learn. buy the 4 pack and get some freinds
76561198043578912,Recommended,209080,21144846,"Posted: 11 February, 2016",all,Shoveler,i recommoond
,Recommended,209080,21144971,"Posted: 11 February, 2016",all,Sir Hugsalot,I love this game. I always will.
76561198110152785,Recommended,209080,21140158,"Posted: 11 February, 2016",all,CSGMaverick,"Really fun game. I haven't played enough of it to comment on nuance, but the game is really good and has been a lot of fun while I played it. Definitely worth the money. All elements of this game are above-average, except the music. The music in general is good but in-game it's just one short bit played over and over, which can be reall annoying."
76561198030965706,Recommended,209080,21112251,"Posted: 10 February, 2016",all,barkertommy43,I like it a lot
,Recommended,209080,21118874,"Posted: 10 February, 2016",all,PigEqualsBakon,"First of all, this game costs money? I remember getting it for free yeeeeears ago. Probably a bit after it was released.Second; it was fun, and still is. I remember when there was only a small selection of tools. Now there's tons.10/10 would recommend."
,Recommended,209080,25291464,"Posted: 1 September, 2016",all,Nipz,Ship vs ship battles.Very hectic.Loads of fun.Steam punk.I recommend.
76561198002566534,Recommended,209080,24729186,"Posted: 5 August, 2016",all,Ai,"With the new Alliance update it now has a more forgiving learning curve. Learn the basics in tutorial. Gain experience in Coop battles with the AI. Polish off and become a veteran in PvP (or rather Ship vs Ship) or in Alliance Hell mode. All previous review observations of initial beginner discouragement should give this game with the Alliance update another try. End note- Game is highly recommended. Definitely give this a try during sales.For those that only purchase the base game, make sure to learn the basics and be a crew under an experienced captain. Nobody pilots like a pro during their first day at the helm. It is fine to have a greenhorn crew (they can learn on the run) but the captain must be experienced and know what they are doing (greenhorn captain won't live long enough to learn on the run and in extension neither will the crew). Not doing so will simply lead to quick death and discouragement. Once you reach mastery of how crews work and how the ship ticks then you can start your piloting career."
,Recommended,209080,24387833,"Posted: 18 July, 2016",all,Èlijen,"Fantastic game 9/10, but why don't you play this people?"
,Recommended,209080,24385730,"Posted: 18 July, 2016",all,Bearded Bastard,Rammed a ship and blew myself up along with him. Tenouttaten
76561198041272532,Recommended,209080,24656175,"Posted: 1 August, 2016",all,FrostyLords,Really fun team work based game! Great Update!! omg
,Recommended,209080,24679678,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,Magicbones,Some of the most memorable co-op experiences I have ever had.
76561198002462499,Recommended,209080,24703397,"Posted: 4 August, 2016",all,Bonesaw,Great game to play with friends! It inspires teamwork that few other games can reach!
,Recommended,209080,24702041,"Posted: 3 August, 2016",all,The Rare Bird Heavy,"When I first got this game, I thought it was fine not bad but not good. Now playing it for longer mad me see that this game was really fun and you should give it a try, but get ready to mostly play engie, yea..... thats a down side but it still is a good game."
,Recommended,209080,24581954,"Posted: 28 July, 2016",all,The Emperor,"Maybe it's just my love of steampunk and strategy in the same place, but I say it's worth every penny.Edit for Alliance update:Me: Hmm, gas bombs.*Uses gas bombs with A.I. on Mobula*AI: GAS THE JEWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWSSSS"
,Recommended,209080,24648955,"Posted: 1 August, 2016",all,Nürnberg,Its a pretty good game that i enjoy a lot the only problem though is that no one plays on the oceanic severs meaning Australians get bad ping. this game is very hard to play with bad ping. Otherwise great game!7.5/10
,Recommended,209080,24652715,"Posted: 1 August, 2016",all,Ｔｏｍ,"Decent game don't play often. Small player base fun with friends I enjoy it, All around well developed sad that this game doesn't have more attention people too busy with their tf2 hats and cs knives :3."
,Recommended,209080,24742988,"Posted: 6 August, 2016",all,[ATCT] Punzmaster,"The Graphics, the art style, and generally the gameplay all bang on! But have a lesser graphics for the people who have FPS problems with the game, a few of my friends told me they had it and the FPS for them dropped massively."
,Recommended,209080,24730804,"Posted: 5 August, 2016",all,Lord Ostrich Panzerulfr (人狼),"You fly ships through the air. What more needs to be said.The models are well done, the animations aren't bad, the developers are rather active in the community.  There are several strategies and most things are rather flexible but all pretty much depend on teamwork. With the new PvE gameplay it would be a great game to play with lots of friends. Just you and your friends up in the air on a ship, alone, Sounds like a party to me!"
76561197982057981,Recommended,209080,24622612,"Posted: 30 July, 2016",all,Mr Znegge,you fly high into the sky with guns10/10 would gun again
,Recommended,209080,21763719,"Posted: 11 March, 2016",all,Therin,"fun multiplayer game, best if you go in with a group of friends. here is a tip: don't let the guy who says he wants to fly the ship, fly the ship. you know he is gonna mess it up."
,Recommended,209080,21823669,"Posted: 13 March, 2016",all,Jar O' Nut,If you like blowing things up this is the game for you
,Recommended,209080,21808501,"Posted: 12 March, 2016",all,Broden,v indie. much wow. so play again
76561198045982926,Recommended,209080,21895275,"Posted: 17 March, 2016",all,Prism,"Number 1, we need faster and fairer matchmaking. Number 2, please add more normal ships ( Not in alliance ) that you can play with in normal muiltiplayer. Number 3, please add more weapons and bigger crews ( up to 8 on one ship ) and bigger battles ( Like 8 ships against 8 ) Then the game will be amazing. But it still is great and I can't wait till alliance comes out!"
76561198030424653,Recommended,209080,21892266,"Posted: 17 March, 2016",all,Kodkod,"Still playing with friends sometimes, if you get a crew of four and start speaking with a pirate accent you are in for a real special journey.   Very very deep gameplay."
76561198123266698,Recommended,209080,10474136,"Posted: 14 June, 2014",all,Caine_Bellaris,An amazingly fun game. Extremely good for anyone who enjoys teamwork or blowing people out of the sky.
,Recommended,209080,6649764,"Posted: 18 May, 2013",all,Nyvix Frieren,"Amazing gameplay and fun for friends to play together. Each person in the crew has thier own role to play which can be a challange is you aren't watching your post. Beautiful enviroments and ships, I would buy this game again without thinking. Totally recommended <3"
,Recommended,209080,21858887,"Posted: 15 March, 2016",all,Sayid Jarrah,Best Game Ever!!!!!!!!
,Recommended,209080,21857613,"Posted: 15 March, 2016",all,Patofet,Great game!!
76561198120651669,Recommended,209080,21960580,"Posted: 21 March, 2016",all,Kawaiifu ~ Nya,"Captain: Fly, get blown up, blame crewmatesEngineer: Repair, Blow stuff up, blame the captain for crashingGunner: Shoot, Repair, blame the captain for not putting you in arc.In all seriousness this game is wonderful beyond my words. The gameplay is smooth, The real time flow of the skies and explosions coming from other ships is so enjoyable to just experience. There is a fairly steep learning curve, but in general your captain will tell you everything you need to know about how to swing your wrench, and pop their balloon.And beyond the gameplay, I've met more interesting people in Lobbies of Icarus than I can count (and not because of my poor memory for names and numbers)Get this game if you like Flying, explosions, gatling guns, explosions, chatting with strangers, ramming ships to cause explosions, teamwork games, spinning your enemy endlessly in the middle of the map until they surrender, or the concept of steampunk in its entirety ."
,Recommended,209080,21971334,"Posted: 21 March, 2016",all,BeatleFett,I Say What a great game nothing more could be asked for in a steam-punk world!
,Recommended,209080,17069404,"Posted: 15 July, 2015",all,alex,"This game was so good, me and my friends shined with our teamwork in this one game.Nowadays, it takes 20 minutes to get into 1 match of the game.It sucks, that this game just became a lost gem."
,Recommended,209080,21086484,"Posted: 9 February, 2016",all,BORIS ZAHARYAS,The game itself is not too complicated once you have learned the basics but of course your skills does matter. More importantly the best thing about this game is its helpful community. I purchased when it wasn't on sale ($9.99) and i can say that it worth every penny so if you catch this game on sale don't wait and push the purcahse button.
76561198009069312,Recommended,209080,21079264,"Posted: 9 February, 2016",all,Braph,"Awesome game, easy to learn, hard to master.Need's to buff gunners a bit, they feel kinda useless except in the most specilised setups."
76561198077912424,Recommended,209080,21008366,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,lordbeff,"The game is good fun, team coordination is key and even though the ships are slow, games can be pretty frantic. The one thing I can't quite accept is the number of achievements: 547. Are you kidding me? isn't it a bit too much?"
,Recommended,209080,21001808,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,[DAG] Stranger,Very fun game to play with friends but it can be a strain on an older PC. It won't make much of a difference what you play on but the animations can be jerky.
,Recommended,209080,20777426,"Posted: 26 January, 2016",all,Zatchel,"Its a good game, Though I would say that a mic is a must, as well as good coordination with your crew.The game mechanics are very original, I havent seen any game remotely like this one, where four players coodinate to navigate an airship and blast the enemy ships out of the skies.The game is all teamwork and will require you to learn the best uses of every gun, tool and technique to come on top.Definetly better to play and try with friends but dont be afraid to play with random strangers, the community is pretty solid and most of them are helpful and well mannered."
76561198012162004,Recommended,209080,20860813,"Posted: 30 January, 2016",all,rolly,I LOVE this game.  Its a great well knit and slow growing community.  I'm sorta sad that the community is small but the customization is wonderful and the graphics decent.  The team cooperative play is fantastic and the level of tactics and loadouts is a great feature.
,Recommended,209080,20769503,"Posted: 26 January, 2016",all,Old Man J,"After a dozen hours of playing, this game has me addicted.  The battles get intense and the trash talk can get entertaining. My favorite part is the tip box, whoever wrote those is a dangerously funny person.  In the early levels it takes a bit of time to get your role down to a science, then perfecting to an art.  The art and gameplay is worth checking out alone. I plan to get at least a hundred hours into this game... come battle!"
76561198187156546,Recommended,209080,20781972,"Posted: 27 January, 2016",all,wubble,
,Recommended,209080,20963395,"Posted: 4 February, 2016",all,Warén,"This game has a good community and a good gameplay, the mechanics are so nice and fun. I can feel in my soul the coop.I love this game, must buy it!10/10"
,Recommended,209080,21027064,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,Mayor Ignaeon,Be a sky sailor. that sums it up.
76561198058778953,Recommended,209080,21035086,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,ThatMek,Trust me when I say this game is amazing. It's best played with a microphone and some friends. The communitiy is for the most part friendly and willing to teach newbies. seriously if this game is on sale; buy it. Even if it isn't I would still recomend it.
76561198162213806,Recommended,209080,21044625,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,Glubbs,"guns of Icarus is an amazing game like the use of different ships for different styles is awesome, the use of multiplayer is fantastic and I love this game all together."
76561197996717946,Recommended,209080,21043628,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,MechWarrior117,Get a mic. This game is nearly unplayable (and waaay less fun) without the ability to voice chat.Probably the best co-op crewing game on the market. Can't wait for adventure mode (which is projected to come out at the same time as Half Life 3!)
76561198040422007,Recommended,209080,21043225,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,Lukasblade2,"+ Guns on Airships+You get to shoot cannons, machineguns, flamethrowers and rockets.+Communication is key, so if you have a mic to talk with people it'll be a lot easier.+A small playerbase (I haven't seen any more than 400 players online yet, so play this game!)+Items and accessories!- No PvE"
76561198150064926,Recommended,209080,21090220,"Posted: 9 February, 2016",all,BlindSamuraiRobot,""" Fly,we fly ( dum da dum duumm )Fix as we fly (doo da doo dummm )Aim and we fire so we don't.....""At that moment I relized I had been day dreaming to long..Our ballon was broke,Engines..Out..3 enemies on our rear..We couldn't fix it..She was dyinglosing her was like losing my first love..Bitter sweet..with sprinkles..At that moment I heard a calm collected voice over the ships intercom..""All hands to the main deck..This is your captain. I repeat all hands to the main deck..""The crew rushed down in a panic, climbing down ladders, sliding down ropes, all wondering why we weren't trying to repair or damaged Mistress.."" It was an honor, not only that it was a pleasure to serve with each and every one of you... We managed to fold 2 ships and help our allies escape."" The captain paused and for what seemed like a eternity stared us all in the eyes.. [even the AI] with the ground inching closer and closer he simply whispered to us this song.."" Fly,we fly ( dum da dum duumm )Fix as we fly (doo da doo dummm )Aim and we fire so we don't dieOur maiden burns and then burst in the skyFireworks and glory may be our fateBut glad we are glad to have served with our mates..""I imagine if Icarus has a Valhalla..Thats where we were til respawn.."
,Recommended,209080,21116205,"Posted: 10 February, 2016",all,Norm,If you can endure getting stuck as captain/pilot and then have all your teammates quit then I guess it's an okay game...
,Recommended,209080,21093563,"Posted: 9 February, 2016",all,Plastic Bag,"""So hows every ones day going?""""Horrible, I'm going to kill myself later!""I love this game"
,Recommended,209080,6128132,"Posted: 4 August, 2013",all,Abslom,This is a good game too spend a bit of silly RP fun in. Plus who doesn't want to pilot their own airship.
,Recommended,209080,21088948,"Posted: 9 February, 2016",all,☭ Soviet,"This game. This game is one heck of a game.Imagine if you took Faster Than Light ( FTL ) and made were every crew member was controlled by a player and it was steampunk. Of course that is a very vague description so let me go in depth.Guns Of Icarus is a multiplayer, team-based, ship battle arena. a crew of 4 people will control a ship and fight other enemy ships while repairing and maintaining theirs. There are four classes. The Engineer who repairs and maintains the ship, The Gunner who shoots down the baddies, and the Captain who pilots the ship. There are different thing like tools, ammo types, guns, and ships. It is a very intense at times with clutch moments and action packed battles. Just like FTL, it can create some really good stories just out of simple playthroughs.ProsReplayabilityFun team based combatCustomizationGreat fun with friendsCheap priceAnd many moreConsSometimes you wont find a good team if you are not partying upSome things aren't told to you in the turtorialPeople will do the wrong thing for their role ( Fricking Engineers taking up turrets for the Gunner. )Some cosmetics you have to pay real currency to getBesides that, this game is a beast. I can see it getting REALLY popular over more time. I give it a 8.5/10 ( Buy it soon )P.S Sorry for some bad grammar and may I also recomend buying the four pack and giving some copies to friends."
76561198028099330,Recommended,209080,12613123,"Posted: 24 October, 2014",all,Rurfy The Riftdog,"A challenging game to say the least. I find it quite enjoyable. It has its drawbacks, of course. However, each of those is offset, at least in part, by the great aspects of the game. This is very much a co-op based game, and until you find a group of friends to play with, you may be dissapointed. The game is too complex to just jump into a match most of the time. Finding other, like-minded players to fly with isn't very difficult. The community, for the most part, is quite welcoming and the devs are friendly, courteous, and helpful. Jump in, express an interest in learning and becoming a legit member of the community and I promise you will be rewarded. Look for players who are vocal, friendly, and willing to give advice.-Your success is based almost entirely on your ability to give and follow directions. If you are not a team player, this game is not for you.-Yes, you will play a mechanic sometimes.-No, you don't get to shoot at stuff all the time. That's just how it is.-Each member of the team is important in his/her own way. This includes mechanics. The good pilots know how to keep their mechanics happy because, without them, their ship is a gonner for sure.-If you absolutely hate playing as a mechanic, find a group of players who need a gunner, or try your hand at piloting. The new matchmaking should help with this a bit, but considering the small playerbase, don't get your hopes up too much. Better yet, get your friends in on the action and build your own team, wherein you play the role you want.-You are more than welcome to be the gunner on my ship (apparently the most coveted position, although I disagree) if you show a willingness to follow directions and a friendly disposition.-Voice chat is a must. The system for issuing orders without voice is too slow and confusing to be used effectively.-Matchmaking is a bit screwy at the moment, probably due to the small playerbase, so don't get all bent out of shape if you don't get what you want at first. Just keep trying.-The game can get buggy at times. You will experience lag spikes, clipping issues, and crashes on occaision. The devs are active and helpful, so bugs generally don't exist for very long before they are patched.-A larger than average ammount of patience is required, as this game is quite complex. It takes a moment for everyone to get situated and equipped to properly fill their role on the ship. The phrase 'ready up' is generally looked down upon. This is not a shooter, you won't just be thrust into the heart of battle and get to run around all willy-nilly immediately. This game requires strategy, cunning, and above all, teamwork.I would reccomend this game to anyone who is a team player, enjoys making friends, is willing to learn, and likes to watch airships burst into flames and come crashing to the ground. Nothing is more satisfying than being a member of a well oiled, efficient team, and raining hell down upon all who dare challenge you."
76561198038554897,Recommended,209080,4526989,"Posted: 24 September, 2013",all,Funky Boy,Probably one of the best mulitplayer games Ive ever played and definetly worth checking out.
,Recommended,209080,6079025,"Posted: 13 August, 2013",all,Bean Boy,"A fun strategic battle game. With the right crew, ship, and guns, this game can really be a blast!"
76561197989219307,Recommended,209080,12748490,"Posted: 2 November, 2014",all,shamus44,love this game
,Recommended,209080,12749226,"Posted: 2 November, 2014",all,Law,It seems like a game that would be fun if you got a group of friends on a single ship.
76561198044670344,Recommended,209080,12750227,"Posted: 2 November, 2014",all,RainbowDash,"Just got the game and I must say is a crisp change from all the rambo fps' and hack'n slash games out in 2014. Best played with friends, all about teamwork and pvp. Random squads make it frustrating and msg chat is slow in a fight so I suggest getting a headset. 9/10 would buy but Deff- play with friends for the best experience."
,Recommended,209080,2530658,"Posted: 30 October, 2012",all,THE.CUCKOLD,"This game is one of the best uses of the Unity engine I've seen yet./ Rather than charge you for certain advantages or give veterans something more, it gives everyone everything right off the bat, and the game's concept is pretty cool, inspiring much more teamwork than any other game I've played."
76561198100880211,Recommended,209080,12754173,"Posted: 2 November, 2014",all,Hairyback69,"amazing, simply amazing"
,Recommended,209080,26996114,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Koot,ay yyyYAYYYYYYYYYY
,Recommended,209080,5465499,"Posted: 30 July, 2013",all,4DEATH,Team/Steampunk
,Not Recommended,209080,7164266,"Posted: 13 June, 2013",all,camiee,"one of the best team based/co-op games on the market. must buy for the FPS fan 9/10UPDATEI use to love this game, Its dead in the water now. Lobbys of Icarus. Such a shame :("
,Recommended,209080,27363090,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,PancakeSamurai,Great game! Excellent to play alongside friends. Really friendly community willing to help out where they can. Very in-depth once you get into the game's meta. Recommend.
,Recommended,209080,27219259,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Nizla Chalkrark,"If you like cooperative game you will like this little gem. Music is cool, Ambiance is cool (if you like steampunk), gameplay is original, they try to make efforts, and the community is very cool. The only problem is the lack of player online so sometimes games are hard to launched."
,Recommended,209080,691921,"Posted: 27 April, 2013",all,[G] Chrinus,"Steampunk airship battles! You join a ship as either a member of a multiplayer crew or captain (with a multiplayer crew) in either TDM, resource gathering (point holding), or king of the hill style games pitting other airships against your team and crew. Despite being a pvp-centric game, there's an adventure mode coming soon and the community is very embracing to anyone willing to learn. There's a bit of a learning curve. However, the veteran players more often than not join up with or encourage new players to join them so they can teach the newcomers the ropes and fuel this epic community."
,Recommended,209080,26972445,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Euhno,"Scenario:First time playing with a friend, we were in voice chat. Using a Galleon ship with a flamethrower at the back, a Pyramidion (with a French name) gets behind us, I start to go full reverse on my ship, my friend sits on the flamethrower and yells ""FREEENCCCCHHHH TOOOOOAAAAAASSSSSSTTTTTTTTT!!!"", enemy ship goes down.Best. Experience. Ever."
76561198017821840,Recommended,209080,27008466,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Taragrim',"One of the greatest gaming cominity, I only wish there were more players hopefully with alliance mode there would be."
,Recommended,209080,27009484,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Sanjar Khan,verry fun 10/10
,Recommended,209080,19870528,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,Xerixe,"This game is actually really fun. However, please do get a microphone and use the voice chat because it's a really important element in this game because it really takes teamwork for you to win."
,Recommended,209080,27239762,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,DJ_Badboy_69,Smashing Game
,Recommended,209080,27239778,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,M'Lady,"A REAL underated game,all tho it's playerbase is real low,it's still a real good game"
76561198142904201,Recommended,209080,27254802,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,King Erotic,"This is a very good game with a steampunk aesthetic, good pvp and a nice community. It’s too bad the player base is very small."
,Recommended,209080,7724494,"Posted: 23 November, 2013",all,Chrogion,"The best co-op game I have played so far. This deserves a spot in gaming history.In Guns of Icarus Online you play as a member of a crew on an steampunk airship. You can either be the pilot, an engineer or a gunner. Every crew consists of 4 players, usually with 2 engineers. The key to succeeding in this game is efficient communication with your fellow crew members. If you are the captain of a ship you can also communicate with other captains in your team (on other ships) to form an armada that will execute coordinated strikes on the enemy forces.But whenever you enter a fight, there is a good chance that the enemy ships will destroy parts of your ship. You need to keep your own ship in shape so that it remains fit for combat. During fights you need to decide if you should continue attacking or if it is better to focus on repairs. Many times you need to talk to your crewmates so that some people do the repairs while others fight back.This game resembles an ego-shooter. But you cannot run around with a gun. All guns are mounted on the ship. But the ship itself moves so you might need to talk to your captain so that he aligns your gun with the enemy.""We are sitting all in the same boat"" is something that makes this game a really awesome experience because of the team spirit you get most of the time. You either win together or you lose together. With that being said, you might run into players who simply don't understand that these things matter and you will lose a game sometimes because of them. But overall, this game is a lot of fun.There is also the Alliance DLC which gives you gamemodes where you fight against AI ships. These are fun too but my favorite is the classical skirmish mode."
76561198132966584,Recommended,209080,27303521,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,LtFluff,Quite the likable game. I do think it is my favorate one in my inventory.
,Recommended,209080,27294730,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,ﾑเ౮เగకｱ౦గ౯,"good game, nice devsbut hard to find playersget the 4 pack and gift it to friends"
,Recommended,209080,27311569,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Pseudo,"Good game with a helpful community. Player numbers are a slight drawback but once you find a full lobby you can stay in it for as long as you like (and it can get adictive if you have a friendly crew). Much higher skill cap than expected means that you will have a hard time against more experienced players if you don't have a helping hand. As with all team based games, it's a lot more fun with some friends but you can still enjoy it if you head in solo."
,Recommended,209080,26937399,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,A Wizard,"Great concept, active devs. Shame they split the community in two with the PvE DLC. It would be great to see more people play this now that there's an active, tactical meta."
76561198019684632,Recommended,209080,26594342,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,The n00b A,"Do you like teamwork? I mean REAL teamwork?Do you like adrenaline, thriller and fireworks?ARE GOOD WITH QUICK DECISION MAKING, LEADING TARGETS, SETTING AMBUSHES AND SHOUTING COMMANDS???Then welcome to Guns of Icarus, a game that has everything that I like: guns, steampunk, battles that makes me feel that I'm inside the Star Trek's Enterprise and strategies that are more complex than World of Warships.Also, if you're a graphic's ♥♥♥♥♥, give this game a chance. I promise that you won't regret it!"
76561198010500732,Recommended,209080,26957102,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Clockwork Bowler,"I love this game, It's the ultimate representative of team work.  Not only does a ship full of people need to cooperate to keep their ship in the air, but the ships need to coordinate in order to focus fire, or split priorities (depending on the match type).Alliance mode looks promising, and is yet another symptom of a team of developers who are passionate about their product, and eager to make it better (bigger too).The only downside to this game is the small playerbase.  But, you'll find that with a smaller community, the people are really friendly and more than willing to lend help if you are new, or need pointers with some of the finer points in the game.I suggest you get this gem while it's on sale, and enjoy a game that is incomparable to most anything on the market today."
,Recommended,209080,22543828,"Posted: 20 April, 2016",all,randomatics2,"Awesome, 'nough said"
76561198045456551,Recommended,209080,22555690,"Posted: 21 April, 2016",all,[BMC] Rayu,Least cancerous game community i've found in awhile
76561198111730876,Recommended,209080,22645940,"Posted: 26 April, 2016",all,h_dog50,I found this game through jacksepticeye and it was amazing. Everyone on the ship plays a part. The pilot is well... The pilot. The engineer repairs and upgrades the ship so you stay flying. The weapons specialist can many any weapon from a a Gatling gun to a high powered cannon that rips up armor. Anyone can do any job but certain classes do better. It is really satisfying to blow a ship out of the air. 11/10
,Recommended,209080,10149919,"Posted: 17 May, 2014",all,stalin,i have never seen a game like this befor and had such fun
76561198016801878,Recommended,209080,22608551,"Posted: 24 April, 2016",all,Lažov Monstrum,"If you are looking for a different type of team game, this is it!2v2 or 3v3 airship battles with 4 players per ship is just epic. Play your role and everything should go as planned.A big + goes to the community which is probably the frendliest on steam.I payed 10€ for the game and it is worth every cent.Recommend!"
76561198005331041,Recommended,209080,22653925,"Posted: 26 April, 2016",all,Kritic,Awesome
76561198152987178,Recommended,209080,22620225,"Posted: 24 April, 2016",all,Peanut,"This game may have a small community, but it is one of the best communities I have ever been a part of. The game itself is great and caters to many times of gameplay. There is a slight learning curve but there are people willing to teach those who want to learn. Overall this is an amazing game, it just needs more players. 10/10"
76561197964676213,Recommended,209080,22636937,"Posted: 25 April, 2016",all,Lord Flashheart,I suck at this game plain and simple......10/10 will suck again
,Recommended,209080,7109192,"Posted: 29 March, 2013",all,Eeuwit,"I have been playing Guns Of Icarus Online since 2013 and I have at the moment over a hundred hours into the the game.Guns Of Icarus is a first person game that is based on teamwork and strategy.The game Features three classes; the engineer, the gunner and the pilot. It is the challenge of your team to choose a ship and create a strategy with you crew and fellow team ships to win diffirent game modes like king of the hill, Capture point and Deathmatch.The game is continuosly in development and new things are added every week. The developers are very concerned with the game and are open for question via social media. Another great thing is that the developers of this game organise in-game events which you will be get notified by steam. If you participate in these events you can unlock cosmetic items (which can also be bought  for real world money).Guns Of Icarus also has a very friendly community that is easy to fit in as long as you know how to talk like a pirate.This game has lots of fun and action and it is nice to see that the developers are so commited to this game. The game is very good balanced and especially fun to play with friends. Also the new Co-op DLC is something to look at if you want some extra content.I have seen Guns Of Icarus Online grow from a game with bad graphics and only a few maps to play on to the great looking game with a great varity of maps, gamemodes and ships it is today. One of the great aspects of this game is the community. There are not many games with a community so friendly and always in to make jokes and goof around. Also the great developer support makes it a real jewel of a game."
76561198173907561,Recommended,209080,30653444,Posted: 21 March,all,Rup_ert3RD,Let's be honest here. The only reason why I only have 110 minutes played is because I have no friends
76561198024689158,Recommended,209080,22770004,"Posted: 2 May, 2016",all,Blu3Yeti,Nothing like a chaotic fight between airships to get the blood flowing.Just hope you dont get stuck with 3 gunners.
,Recommended,209080,22646592,"Posted: 26 April, 2016",all,raggerage,"Nice graphics, fun gameplay with teamwork and pretty good community so far. Enough players active too for having a good matchmaking/custom game. Most people use microphone and are willing to help out and not harass you because you're new."
,Recommended,209080,23013100,"Posted: 15 May, 2016",all,an accident,"May I just say, that was one incredibly handsome tip box."
,Recommended,209080,19970418,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,Yung Nuice,Me and my dudes ride into the skys on my trusty gal that goes by the name of AutsmOfTheSkys. Ask anyone about this ship and you will recieve a look of confusion because noone knows who the♥♥♥♥♥we are. yeah i suck at this game and the only use of the for me is to yell innocent randoms aboard my ship. for that i give it a 10/10 would yell at engie peasents agian.
,Recommended,209080,20320058,"Posted: 5 January, 2016",all,Omabroodje,KEROSSSIIIINNNEEEEE!Awesome game to play with friends!
,Recommended,209080,20342193,"Posted: 5 January, 2016",all,-§m- GraceANDahalf,Fantastic game. Highly recommend.
,Recommended,209080,20314881,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,clingbeetle,"Come for the gameplay, stay for the community."
,Recommended,209080,20337800,"Posted: 5 January, 2016",all,Elfinnnn,"Wow. It's amazingly good. Easy to run too, which is a huge plus for low-end GAME ASSASSINS like myself. Good graphics too, if you want to turn it up."
76561198072885039,Recommended,209080,20523833,"Posted: 14 January, 2016",all,BpS_®Atomic,Really fun to play with friends
,Recommended,209080,20387572,"Posted: 7 January, 2016",all,The Terror of Dance,"This game has eaten a large portion of my life. There is a bit of a learning curve, but all it takes is one fast-paced game where everyone participates to their fullest to realize that this is the game for you. Find yourself a friendly and experienced captain to teach you the ropes and you'll be swabbing the deck like a pro in no time."
76561198052102091,Not Recommended,209080,5569851,"Posted: 7 May, 2013",all,Avalanche,"It's going nowhere. No player retention. Community is so small that there's no potential for growth as a player. Any competitive events are unequivocally dominated by one or two clans. Dev team is too small and too slow with content releases to make player retention a thing.It was cool while it lasted, but now it's full of straggling clans, overly-attached drama stragglers, and people looking for other games to play.The MMR system is extremely bad, and there's absolutely no match management in place. If you get a real jerkoff or a troll on your ship, you're forced to abandon match and wait for a new one or just sit there and take the torture. No kicking, voting, or other disciplinary systems in place. You either play with friends or you have a bad time. That is, at least 7 other people. Yes, you need 7+ friends consistently online to play with you, or you run the very significant chance of your game experienced being ruined by extremely toxic steamkids.Most clans are disbanding or dying or going multi-game. Also there's loads of under-18 players, even as low as 12 and 14. If you're a mature adult at all, well, you better have a lot of patience.Please let it die. Or at least, don't waste your money."
,Recommended,209080,20536058,"Posted: 14 January, 2016",all,Leo,"Tons of fun and best community I've ever seen in an online game (and I've seen a lot!). There is a cool learning curve, specially if you want to be a ship captain, but everybody is always ready to help you out. The ship battles are quite fun and if you have a good strategy and manpower to execute it you are gonna be the pirate king (One Piece reference yea). Definetly recommend!"
,Recommended,209080,20533554,"Posted: 14 January, 2016",all,CaeserIII,"A great team based game full of co-operative play, and a little bit of shenanigans. This game (surprisingly) still has a reasonably sized player base, and have apparently just launched servers in Sydney, so I recommend it to anyone who has the urge to fly an airborne battleship through the desert skies."
76561198014755623,Recommended,209080,20514241,"Posted: 13 January, 2016",all,SirFuzzWuzz,pretty dope when you can get into a game
,Recommended,209080,16543952,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,GideonMax,this game is amazin' & so well made evryone NEED to buy it !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
,Recommended,209080,19707578,"Posted: 14 December, 2015",all,Kal Theinfamous,"I had this game on my wishlist for a while, along with GTA V, Fallout 4 and Just Cause 311/10 would choose over GTA, Fallout and Just Cause againThe game also has a strikingly handsome tip box"
76561198133660130,Recommended,209080,19784466,"Posted: 19 December, 2015",all,cobalt-60,good game11/10 gonna leave my engine blow
,Recommended,209080,19785673,"Posted: 19 December, 2015",all,Mcz,"PROS:+ fun+ easy to learn+ visually stimulating+ still enough people to get into a match in no time+ great cosmetic items available in the cash store+ great price+ mostly good communityCONS:I can't really think of anyThe game developers set themselves a goal and they reached it. The game runs and plays great, it is pretty much perfect. I wholeheartedly recommend this game to anyone who wants to play a team game with air ships and guns."
,Recommended,209080,19786092,"Posted: 19 December, 2015",all,skroobman,"One of the best games I have played - satisfying and truly unique.  If you're on the fence, buy it!  It is worth it, and the more players there are, the more fun the game is."
,Recommended,209080,2335679,"Posted: 2 October, 2013",all,Newfie |M,"Metacritic only gave this a 64, but don't let that stop you from buying.Chaotic, team based, warefare that actually involves teamwork, with emphasis on the ""Chaotic"" part."
,Recommended,209080,4047767,"Posted: 18 January, 2013",all,Fuzzel,Flying boats shooting each other? Great.4 player teams on each ship who have to work together? Oh yeah!Steampunk. Awesome!!  Beside TF2 my favorite multiplayer game.Just great. Really recommend to buy it! =)
,Recommended,209080,13696783,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,Drugbugz,My god best ♥♥♥♥ing game ever. Imagine a WWII version of this game with bombers fighter jets holy♥♥♥♥♥♥thatd be awsome.
,Recommended,209080,13720438,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,Mayor Milo,"It's a very fun, team-focused game. The problems I have with it is that, without friends, sometimes you can join crews (four-man squads) with incompetent people. To avoid this, sometimes you need to get some friends and get on TeamSpeak in order to dodge this problem.It gets addicting after a few matches, so expect forty-minute matches to feel like twenty, and hoping to play for just an hour (12:00 AM to 1:00 PM) becoming 12:00 to 5:00 AM."
76561198067784833,Recommended,209080,22313262,"Posted: 8 April, 2016",all,Vexile,This game is really immersive IMHO . For those of you who love steampunk designs and co-op play you definately gotta try this game out. Awesome community and most fun to play with ^^
,Recommended,209080,21422159,"Posted: 24 February, 2016",all,Tasty,SPIRE RAAAAAAAAM!!
,Recommended,209080,21716418,"Posted: 8 March, 2016",all,maxun,10/10 would spire again :)
,Recommended,209080,21612845,"Posted: 3 March, 2016",all,814ckf0x,"I really love this game! it's so awesome! totally recomended, It runs very well on GNU/Linux (ArchLinux), at this time, the development team intrduces a bug that crashes the game at start and I can't play right now, but still a great game and I hope to be playing a gain soon!"
,Recommended,209080,7539965,"Posted: 1 November, 2013",all,thatperson1,"It's 4v4 steampunk airship battles, the ♥♥♥♥ more do you need to know?Do you want me to write a damn novel on how awesome this is with friends?Because I won't.Because I can't read."
,Recommended,209080,21632967,"Posted: 4 March, 2016",all,coolkid2137,"This game might perdict the future because of global warming and the fight for oil, fresh water, minerals, etc. still a great game though"
76561198074335960,Recommended,209080,21612085,"Posted: 3 March, 2016",all,Banana Jesus,"Its a very fun game and something you don't see every day on the market. This is a ""new breed"" and one of the simplest yet most fun game ideas I've ever seen. I highly recommend getting this game. Its cheap to!"
76561198052256616,Recommended,209080,21721883,"Posted: 8 March, 2016",all,WiredOverload,"An amazing game with great depth and amazing community. Takes only an hour to learn the basics, but will take hundreds to master them. Also amazing with friends."
,Recommended,209080,20274668,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,❂Remilin❂,I spend more time falling off the ship than on the ship. 10/10
,Recommended,209080,20306395,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,Bernie Sanders,"DIS GAME IS SUPER FUN, LIKE STUPID FUN, BUT ONLY IF YOU HAVE FRIINDS LIKE I DU!GET UR MATEZ TOGETHER, POLOT A CHIP AND WATCH DA WURLD BURN!"
76561198043541949,Recommended,209080,19668685,"Posted: 12 December, 2015",all,Reginald Gickington,"I have a good 4 friends who own this game, which means that one of us is always able to go to spectator mode. One person in spectator mode becomes the greatest ever, as they can tell you where each enemy is, and what state of repair they're in.I rate it a perfect 5/7, literally unplayable."
76561198026487542,Recommended,209080,15762887,"Posted: 9 May, 2015",all,BlueStar Longrodvonhugenburg,This game is Amazing I love being the Captain and flying the ship and yelling at my engineers to work harder I recommend this game if you love ship battles.
76561198138531755,Recommended,209080,14042249,"Posted: 17 January, 2015",all,twitch.tv/Grimlock1977,Amazing
,Recommended,209080,14087370,"Posted: 20 January, 2015",all,Murasakibara Atsushi,January 6th...lost all of my friends cause of this game...11/10 Would♥♥♥♥♥♥off friends again
,Recommended,209080,14095841,"Posted: 21 January, 2015",all,ivan.la,The game is awesome!
76561198055198994,Recommended,209080,13990145,"Posted: 14 January, 2015",all,Quantumsquirrle213,I got yelled at by people for not doing an engineers job when i was a gunner... :p
,Recommended,209080,21228567,"Posted: 15 February, 2016",all,Hyperion,"Do you love steampunk? Do you love team-based games, where every player in the team has his own objective? Do you love blowing up giant floating ships? If so, what are you waiting for? Go buy this game. It's awesome."
,Recommended,209080,8042889,"Posted: 14 December, 2013",all,Leapt,"I've never had so much fun with a game in a long time -- I ain't kidding you guys -- It's the hypest♥♥♥♥♥♥when it comes to team play, trust me. Long story short: Guns of Icarus is a blast to play!! I'd recommend it to anyone who likes flight-simulation based games or cooperation in general, period."
,Recommended,209080,7359201,"Posted: 11 October, 2013",all,Esesa,best game i have ever played.
,Recommended,209080,5824509,"Posted: 14 August, 2013",all,Ginsan21,JUST PLAY IT AND YOU WILL GET IT IS BETTER WHEN YOU PLAY WITH FRIENDS
,Recommended,209080,7382210,"Posted: 13 October, 2013",all,Mizeenets,I need a♥♥♥♥♥♥
76561197970574411,Recommended,209080,431858,"Posted: 19 January, 2013",all,Mistake n' Potatoes,Something like a co-operative fighting game in the skies - with all the constant patching and tweaking to match!  This game is one eccentric japanese developer away from being Street Fighter with Airships.
,Recommended,209080,7999574,"Posted: 10 December, 2013",all,famout,"While by no means perfect, steampunk airship combat is painfully hard to find elsewhere, and each role feels remarkably important. More people need to get it... And play at least the advanced tutorials first!"
,Recommended,209080,8000618,"Posted: 10 December, 2013",all,SAD DAD,"Best multiplayer game I have ever played, It is so fun, get this♥♥♥♥♥♥"
,Recommended,209080,8001128,"Posted: 10 December, 2013",all,Bard The Bread Brad,"Good steampunky fun. This is how online co-op games should be. Teams of four work together to control a battle equipted hot air balloon to fight against other balloons. Overall a great and entertaining game. Highly recommended to play with friends though, but the community is better than most games if you play alone."
,Recommended,209080,160156,"Posted: 26 June, 2013",all,Spartacurse,Insanely cool. Steampunk'd to the max.
,Recommended,209080,8012078,"Posted: 11 December, 2013",all,WesternSamurai,"One of the Best Team based games I have ever played! The community is super nice and respectful, and very friendly to new players as long as you're willing to learn. Constantly Balanced, and updated. If you enjoy working in a team, piloting your own ship, maning the guns, and/or getting praise for saving the ship single handedly, this game is a MUST TRY!"
76561197997712549,Recommended,209080,8065243,"Posted: 16 December, 2013",all,Balder,"The most brilliant co-op game ever devised, plain and simple."
,Recommended,209080,1279047,"Posted: 26 August, 2013",all,ChaoticShmoo,Amazing awesome game that involves the most team work I've ever had in a game. Lots of run and excitement going on. GET THIS GAME!
76561198023301102,Recommended,209080,7950640,"Posted: 7 December, 2013",all,Osmoseriser,"Real Co-Op Steampunk airship battles!This game has a distinctive beautiful ambience, the battles can be very close and the level of co-operation is key. Frequent upgrades keep the game interesting. Just a note though, it is not ""jump in and win"" there is a learning curve especially around the physics of the combat - but that is a good thing!"
,Recommended,209080,7950882,"Posted: 7 December, 2013",all,DeZako,"An excellent game with a very well-crafted world, fun aerial battles that always keep you on your toes, whatever your role is (pilot, gunner or engineer) and a community that is simply wonderful.However, there´s a distinct lack of variety in ships and maps, and I really hope for bigger ships that require bigger crews (say eight people...), or simply different crafts.Regardless, this game´s a little gem that everyone shpuld give a look at."
76561198094663718,Recommended,209080,7701944,"Posted: 20 November, 2013",all,KappaWildGorilla,Fly ships...Shoot at other ships...like ships...play this game...Oh btw....I said FLY!...Yes...Aiships..Not land ships or sea ships...Airships...That is all...I like full stops..............
,Recommended,209080,26269427,"Posted: 28 October, 2016",all,Aecnoril,"I've been playing this game for some time now, and even though sometimes I don't play for a few weeks, I keep coming back.This game is the perfect mix of hot action and good teamwork, it's balanced, your teammates are rarely ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ and it can be oh so rewarding to ram an enemy ship to smithereens.The only bad thing is the playerbase. The playerbase is somehow pretty low, you still find games in matchmaking, but sometimes it takes a few minutes. I have no idea why the playerbase is so low since I sincerely think this is one of the most awesome games in both my personal and my honest-to-god non-biased opinion. Buy it!"
,Recommended,209080,26245835,"Posted: 27 October, 2016",all,CommanderOwlz,STEAMPUNK TEAM BASE? Yes please.
76561198080813886,Recommended,209080,26252948,"Posted: 27 October, 2016",all,Chronmic,"What a great game, i wish i played it when the player base was much larger either way good buy."
,Recommended,209080,26617574,"Posted: 15 November, 2016",all,[SAMPLETEXT],Wow im bad.
76561198149710567,Recommended,209080,26619164,"Posted: 15 November, 2016",all,Jargonaut,"This game has a very unique form of teamwork, but this is what makes the game great. High level people can mix with low levels to help them out. The physics of the game such as bullet arc, crashing, and gravity make for intense matches if the teams are balanced. I highly recommend this game because there are many unlockables and challenges to work through. I currently have over 100 hours on the game and still play it all the time. I don't think i will ever get tired of smacking things with a hammer, setting enemies on fire, or maneuvering my own flying ship. The new user interface is a bit confusing, but after some exploring, the navigation of it is not too bad. My only wish is that more people would play this game. Since the update, there have been more players, but it is jokingly called ""Lobbies of Icarus"" because of how long it takes to find/begin a match. Pease purchase this! Don't judge it right at the beginning. Instead wait till after learning controls and strategy- it is a fun game!"
,Recommended,209080,26736788,"Posted: 21 November, 2016",all,Fox,I cannot recommend this game enough. It's amazing and shameful that it doesn't have more than 400 active players at one time. Get this game spreading around! Really hope they release the alliance soundtrack as well because that music is amazing!
76561198087956692,Recommended,209080,26935860,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,AHunt,"This game, oh this game is one of a kind. No other game have I found that forces the player to cooperate with a team on a Balloon ship to destroy other ballon ships. It is truelly One of a Kind and deserves to be in everyone's steam Library."
,Recommended,209080,22225852,"Posted: 3 April, 2016",all,Tide™,Best underrated FPS i have EVER played100/10Keep up the good work muse!
76561197995698888,Recommended,209080,10410007,"Posted: 9 June, 2014",all,pablo,Underrated
,Recommended,209080,26832859,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Ippon,10/10 would airship again
,Recommended,209080,771412,"Posted: 18 January, 2013",all,DracTactics,"The most fun PC multiplayer experience I've had! This game is incredible, and getting better all the time. Taking to the skies in steampunk airship battles is an absolute blast! Whether piloting your crew's ship, or on deck engineering or manning the guns, this game is fun no matter what, especially with friends. The community is great, the devs are some of the coolest people - always playing the game, talking with people (in-game or on forums), or working hard at constantly patching/updating the game. The co-op PvE Alliance mode is in beta right now is amazing, so buy it and support an exciting, original, and very fun game!"
76561198008632502,Recommended,209080,26875188,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,sargonix,"The most fun you can have on a giant explosive gas bag! This deserves a much wider player base, as it is a well put together game with a steam punk ethos. Battle with armoured airships and use strategy and tactics to win in fast and furious battles. Crews of four scamper about the airships and there are a number of skills to master to keep things interesting. The beautiful scenery often plays in important part in the battle, giving more depth to the game.The community is small, but there does not seem to be many idiots either and generally everyone seems friendly. I would say the genre is not aimed at kids, but it is something which anyone could enjoy.The latency is good, and there does not seem to be lag issues, even when playing on US servers etc.Easy to pick up, and hard to master. And for a bargain price. What is not to love."
,Recommended,209080,26755412,"Posted: 22 November, 2016",all,WhaHappened Exfire,Decent GraphicsFun Gameplaynice mechanics
,Recommended,209080,12663947,"Posted: 27 October, 2014",all,DarkHunter970,"This game is amazing, and if what your into is aerial fights then this game is for you. This game has a great community and you should definetly support this game. Nicely done Muse Games."
76561198075588658,Recommended,209080,6799888,"Posted: 5 April, 2013",all,ReverendPeaches,So good.
76561198026386712,Recommended,209080,14249797,"Posted: 30 January, 2015",all,morachnyion,when this game first came out i was not impressed but...........  In time it has evolved..  and when you build a good team of people that you can rely on it become so much better. this is my new #2 go to game to play.... well reccommended.
76561198116144598,Recommended,209080,14295628,"Posted: 2 February, 2015",all,Kusu,"If there were more people playin it, this would be the perfect game. Still recommended, though the queue lines can be a giant pain"
,Recommended,209080,14554025,"Posted: 19 February, 2015",all,Decoy_Gibus,"surprisingly, it is possible for someone to quit and the boat still float, even if they are the pilot0/10 requires too much teamwork"
,Recommended,209080,5500271,"Posted: 3 May, 2013",all,LeRasta,"Командная битва на воздушных кораблях. Стимпанк стилистика, хороший движок, частые обновления."
,Recommended,209080,15321655,"Posted: 12 April, 2015",all,BlackBennie,"Interesting idea, real fun when you get some good players on your side. I love the design, the gameplay is good once you know what to do. Needs a bit more 'spit n shine' but worth a good go."
,Recommended,209080,27510876,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,lxa,"ENGEI, WHY YOU THINK YOU GUNNER?"
,Recommended,209080,23421935,"Posted: 6 June, 2016",all,The Ember,Great game!!
76561198116806141,Recommended,209080,23717597,"Posted: 22 June, 2016",all,Razzerbash,fun with friends
,Recommended,209080,4956105,"Posted: 30 April, 2013",all,Wiz,Are you telling me you dont want to be a skypirate? you must be some sort of idiot
76561197973300271,Recommended,209080,23733731,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,Ginseng Hitler Beepollen,"Its sad that the community of this game is so small there is a lot of fun to be had here.  I've had such a blast playing this game even though its super old at this point and people still play it.  There is a lot of depth to play and the visuals arent half bad, I highly reccomend this game."
,Recommended,209080,12804265,"Posted: 5 November, 2014",all,zeloft,"Teamwork, communication, skill, and practice are what makes this game perfect. Stress, and victory make it even better. Buy it, you won't regret it.9/10"
76561198066513413,Recommended,209080,23528115,"Posted: 12 June, 2016",all,Twitch/TheRealEnlaa,"There's really not much I have to say about the game for now. Super excited for the Alliance DLC. I would play it so much more often if there were enough people to play with. Unfortunately, even though there's not really anything bad about the game, there aren't that many players, which really hurts the game's play value."
76561198103493892,Recommended,209080,23528595,"Posted: 12 June, 2016",all,Dredd,Such an amazing game with such a small and awsome community.... One of the most underrated games I've played.
76561198071566453,Recommended,209080,23803977,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,Backpacks,"Hello everyone, Game review again for this awesome game!So I started out, I was at my computer, and the summer steam sale was up, I had alot of friends from a Star Wars RP Server on TS that invited my battalion to a game of Guns Of Icarus, I seen the price and it was a steal according to the reviews, I gave it a try, I bought the game, and I started out as an engineer in a blimp, I was sitting there and there was a pilot, A gunner and engineers, I first sat there and BOOM! I was like what the heck? My friends told me to repair! Hurry, I then got to action, I used my socket wrench and I clanked the hull, it repaired fast but then it caught on fire... I panicked.. HARD, They told me to extinguish it and I didnt but it wouldnt go out, I asked for their help and they helped me extinguish the fire, after that, they told me to man my arms, AKA Get on a gun and fight! I got on the main gun and started firing at other blimps, I told the pilot to move where I need to gun down the enemy, We died, but the round ended.. We lostIn overall, This game for 3.39 $ Is a steal for a game like this, you wont be disappointed with this amazing game."
76561198027255058,Recommended,209080,24101860,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,Tomoko Kuroki,Games fun.
,Recommended,209080,24098435,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,Igi せんぱい,Amazing game. so underrated
,Recommended,209080,23972683,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,Menotkorean,very fun game with a cooperative team. 8/10
,Recommended,209080,24072824,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,Tiir Rumibul,This is one of the few Multiplayer games I want to keep playing. It is the right kind of action and tactics combination that I really never can seem to find.
,Recommended,209080,24070775,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,Dryerlint,This is a game where you can actually have fun whilst losing. Pip pip back to the steamworks.
76561198065662356,Recommended,209080,24071617,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,bringsoda,"its a good game. use voice chat, things get silly and fun"
76561198026497487,Recommended,209080,19320293,"Posted: 27 November, 2015",all,Unsought Urchin,"awesome game, amazingly balanced as well. all guns have strengths and weakneses, same goes for the ships. If you love fun co-operative games then this one is definitely for you. also the community is amazing"
,Recommended,209080,30719161,Posted: 24 March,all,Schmuck Goblin,"Captain of the Flying Garbage, I went full speed into another ship and killed us both.We won and I was commended.10/10 - IGN"
76561198006070754,Recommended,209080,24540738,"Posted: 26 July, 2016",all,Castor,"Great game, co-op with friends and become the king of flying ship"
,Recommended,209080,24431571,"Posted: 20 July, 2016",all,"Gaines, Sir Doctor Professor",Guns of Icarus online is great for playing team-oriented multiplayer with friends! I love the setting as it is and can't wait for it to be fleshed out even more in the upcoming DLC.
,Recommended,209080,24464809,"Posted: 22 July, 2016",all,Aflin,"A must-have for anyone with friends they don't mind yelling at. Make sure the Pilot is in charge in any case, or chaos will ensue, but one of my favourite games both aesthetically and gameplay-wise. Cannot give it high enough praise."
76561198135637978,Recommended,209080,24511822,"Posted: 24 July, 2016",all,MegaMiner772,"An amazing game, fun to play, runs smoothly and easy to learn."
,Recommended,209080,24480119,"Posted: 23 July, 2016",all,Top 100% EU | Povich™,"I'll be honest, this game sucks ******* and **** when it comes to pace of updating/contentwise.But here is the catch, this game is your most entertaining teambuilding game and has the best community that is all surrounded by epic comments on eachothers obsessions for GUNS OMG GUNS YES! among other things.The community is seriously nice and even the hardcore players can crack a smile on discussions surrounding Z-listed celebs and what not. You kill fabulous and die fabulous (seriously.. check fireworks) and for the oldtimers there is a free theme (on your sexy ships) where CAKE and RAINBOWS! are normal <3Never forget this game, new DLC coming soon <3 we need to get back into this everyone we need more players!"
76561198063399595,Recommended,209080,24480345,"Posted: 23 July, 2016",all,Kenny Omega,"Guns of Icarus OnlinePlayers choose the roles are pilots,engineers and gunners on the ship.They are following the opppnent's ships that are getting away in the sky.Threre are lot's of players on line to play enough.Players can't see struggling opponents is running torepair their ship even though I wanna see,"
,Recommended,209080,24410544,"Posted: 19 July, 2016",all,SShayde,"(My opinion is based from my experiences so far even though i have hardly any time on this)This game is extremely fun! Like stupidly addictive. However.. You need a good crew to be able to HAVE that fun. And i've only ever met one or two pilots, who actually know what they're doing. This game deepnds on communication alot more than you'd think, whether its passing info between captains to their crews, or spotting enemies efficently.Two other things bother me massively also with this game, although they relate massively. Its the community. Its extremely salty (yes even me after ♥♥♥♥♥ing about players not actually trying to play but still) and the amount of offensive ship names i've found is ridiculous. I've lost count on how many i've reported.This game gets a solid 9/10 however the community makes it look bad by constantly having rude ship names.(If reports were actually handled then the game would bea  solid 9.5 or even a 10/10 from me)"
,Recommended,209080,24489302,"Posted: 23 July, 2016",all,caM,Good LAN game
,Recommended,209080,24530763,"Posted: 25 July, 2016",all,Milk Jug,"We are going down, in a spiral to the ground... NO ONES GONNA SAVE US NOW!Not even GOD."
,Recommended,209080,24408333,"Posted: 19 July, 2016",all,kn1fe,-Got on sale for 3.78 cents or so-Played it-Quit twice because i was mad cuz bad-Played again a long time later-Noticed it was pretty funIt gud10/10 would go through midlife crisis again
,Recommended,209080,24487551,"Posted: 23 July, 2016",all,Who's That Man?,"One the best multiplayer experiences I've had on Steam. Great game to play with friends or strangers. I truly love that any match of the game can be both competitive and cooperative at the same time. If you get the game, PLAY THE TUTORIAL. That will definitely give you an edge against any other schmuck that bought the game and immediately jumped into a match. That being said, there are some high level players that will kick your♥♥♥♥♥if you don't have good team work. But, in the end that doesn't matter because losing is still fun. 8/10"
,Not Recommended,209080,10202646,"Posted: 22 May, 2014",all,Lt. Dan`s legs,"very fun game, all prices in game are cheap and in $ so all the better for anyone in europe. communication is a must and probably best if you play with 3 friends to make a crew up. would recomend this game ive had a blast playing it. a little confusing at first but i didnt play any tutorials and learnt in action, after a little confusion i got the hang of it and we actually started winning even surviving a whole battle in the same ship. very hectic fun all in bargain at its sale price.-------------------------------------------edit 31/3/17-------------------------------------------------------------game devs shafted everyonedev notes for gameCampaign with mission, factions, trade, and crafting - dynamically affecting battlefronts and alliancesFAILED TO DELIVER! new game launched promises broken"
76561197962474707,Recommended,209080,25109224,"Posted: 24 August, 2016",all,Ways,"I have a strong liking for all things steampunk and this game really fits the bill. The game itself is fun and requires good communication between teams for success. Classes have a somewhat similar feel to the classic mmorpg trinity of tank / healer / dps in that the 3 classes support each other and work together to achieve a goal.I have played engineer the most as it seems most needed, and it is fun but i prefer blasting things as a gunner. Lack of playerbase makes it difficult to find matches sometimes but the upcoming PvE mode with ability for solo play should improve things.If you like steampun and or co-op pvp/pve try this game !"
,Recommended,209080,17839344,"Posted: 1 September, 2015",all,Thunderstar,"Whoa, a game that actually requires teamwork to win? Never heard of that before"
,Recommended,209080,17130983,"Posted: 19 July, 2015",all,Chad Thundercock,Personal Rating Scale: SueTheCompany/Disasterous/PrettyDamnBad/Unplayable/Meh/EtsOkeh/GoodEnuf/NicelyDone/Brilliant/GOTYOMGGuns of Icarus Rating: NicelyDonePros:- Steampunk ships with crews manning them during combat.- ... Steampunk Ships.Cons:- Cannot sustain boner and repair hull at the same time.
76561198112762059,Recommended,209080,17133300,"Posted: 19 July, 2015",all,A Norwegian Cab Driver,"Icarus...There's really no way of Rating it myself, So I'ma tell you a story.it was a 4V4, Very long match... Everyone was Skilled. We were Tied at a near gamewinning point. I was the captain of a Squid(Fast-no Firepower) We were being surrounded by the entire team. I told my Crew that we were going to die and We had to damage them all the most we could.I then proceded to put moonshine (speed-increasing equipment) in the fuel lines, We were going to ram a ship. We Sped at Lighting speed toward a goldfish (Speedy-tough with large Spear on the front).The spear destroyed the ballon and we plunged toward the ground ending in a spectacular explosion.Sometimes this game will get boring but all you have to do is switch ships. or class.I would Honestly play this game rather than any Cod game."
,Recommended,209080,14238417,"Posted: 30 January, 2015",all,[EMPIRE] BAGELMENSK,"""HWACHA!!"" is a fun word to yell, and it's even more fun to yell while you bathe your enemies in fire with one."
,Recommended,209080,14314952,"Posted: 3 February, 2015",all,Gumbo The Green,"A great co-op experience, but after a while things get a little repetitive, if you plan on making tactics and mastering all classes and ships, this game will last you hours and hours, but if you just want to play with the basics, it will feel old after a while. 7.5/10"
76561198061532800,Recommended,209080,10155577,"Posted: 17 May, 2014",all,Tanimoral,"Guns of icarus is a fun co- op game that gives you the constant feeling of being in a sinking ship. its a team ship game like artimis where everyone picks a role and tries their best to keep the ship afloat. the captian steers and performs munuvers, the gunner changes ammo's, and adds fierce damage bonuses to his guns, and the engineers run around the deck with wrenches screeming at the top of their lungs ""this is how we fix things on russian space staition!""4/5 would crash agian."
,Recommended,209080,14361872,"Posted: 6 February, 2015",all,Stannis Baratheon,"Convinced my friends to buy this after I played for a few hoursThey proceeded to crew my squid as two of them had 0 frames and no idea what the ♥♥♥♥ to doTop team fun, 10/10"
,Recommended,209080,14456125,"Posted: 13 February, 2015",all,Ghozt,Ratings:Sound:10/10Graphics:10/10Features:Replayability:7/10Lore:7/10Custom Key Bindings:8/10
,Recommended,209080,15880443,"Posted: 17 May, 2015",all,Uige,"This is a very creative game with many different play stiles, you could be the type to ride around in a junker blowing everything up, or have fun trying to skewer people with spire, i personally would say this game was far more worth the money i spent on it."
76561198088156178,Recommended,209080,15881356,"Posted: 17 May, 2015",all,SpaceCowboy,Smacking engines simulator 201510/10
,Recommended,209080,15881756,"Posted: 17 May, 2015",all,Kbbles,"As an engineer, there needs an option to show parts' health meters in a circle closer to the center of the screen -- not on the very edges of the screen."
,Recommended,209080,15882456,"Posted: 17 May, 2015",all,Funk Biscuit,zeppelin drifting simulator 201510/10 would dive bomb again
76561198156905049,Recommended,209080,15882716,"Posted: 18 May, 2015",all,Louren,"I have absolutely fell in love with this game, it's idea and concept are unique and done well."
76561198158956771,Recommended,209080,15858496,"Posted: 16 May, 2015",all,benjierex,"story:WW1 lasted ages and killed everyone, so a few tribes of survivors decided to keep fighting but in steampunky airships 10/10gameplay:engineer is more than JUST bashing expensive equipment- you need to use the right toolsgunner camps the ships gun until an enemy appearspilot carelessly rams into enemy ships while mainly using alcohol as fuelalso the only online game with actual teamwork instead of people who don't give a f*ck about the team and try to get as many kills as possible10/10graphics:designed to actually look like a 19th century film but still pretty good graphics10/10in a nutshell: BUY IT NOW"
76561198026216832,Recommended,209080,11706711,"Posted: 14 August, 2014",all,Pickles Dickley,"The game is unique, engaging, and extremely intimidating for new players.  Rest assured, however, that this game is worth it.  Some of the most fun I've ever had in gaming were had with friends as we fought through intense battles together in the skies.If you're not afraid to spend a bit of time learning, a bit of time getting pulverized (similar to starting out in a MOBA or other deep competitive title), and a bit of time taking orders, you will find yourself absolutely in love with what Guns of Icarus Online has to offer.  It's one of the most original titles out there, and is worth every cent."
76561197968977318,Recommended,209080,15863323,"Posted: 16 May, 2015",all,ChunkyChiliChap,"First Impressions: Really fun if you like to voice chat and find a group that will talk with you. Matchmaking tends to be pretty fast, and the community is generally a very nice one! Games tend to be landslide victories or losses, but occasionally you get a really good back and forth match. Overall a very enjoyable game, especially if it is on sale!"
76561198056520735,Recommended,209080,15864297,"Posted: 16 May, 2015",all,Orochimaru,"SUPER FUN!!!!!!!! At first you kind of dont know what youre doing half the time, then you play with experienced people and feel super satisfied. Just get it, you know you want to. Do it"
,Recommended,209080,15864310,"Posted: 16 May, 2015",all,Spenner3822,Great Game to play with your friends ok by yourself
,Recommended,209080,15864394,"Posted: 16 May, 2015",all,Zenith,imagine if call of duty had planes but instead of planes they were airships and instead of call of duty it was something that a vast majority could consider good
76561197992770399,Recommended,209080,13468779,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,Saendre,"I bought this game with 11 other friends. Best buy of the year, easily.Bring some friends, meet friendly people online, put up a Skype convo and you're guaranteed to have an incredibly fun evening."
76561198331617545,Recommended,209080,28330414,"Posted: 12 December, 2016",all,Sn1p3s2,Runs good on older computers with the graphics turned down. Jut fun in general and would recommend. Steam punk art style is cool.
,Recommended,209080,9203656,"Posted: 21 February, 2014",all,mits,Awesome game.Kept coming back
,Recommended,209080,27332788,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Rcse [Arr-see-ess-ee],One of the best team games I've ever played. Its great to come back after so long and see how much work the devs are putting into this
76561198069833005,Recommended,209080,27310041,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Rick Sanchez [NO EARS],Unique experience with lots of customization. Every single game plays out in a different and exciting way.
76561198054116967,Recommended,209080,27323681,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,I O,great game 10/10
,Recommended,209080,30951512,Posted: 4 April,all,LordMemester,its ok
,Recommended,209080,27734336,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,TheLegend27,This Game is honestly onew of the best ive ever played you can see a full review of the game on my youtube channel.https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCe_aIQ0q4ORU1teszCfFlFg
,Recommended,209080,27865516,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Exious,Just as Others have said Its a great game but it lacks the player base to really make it shine
76561198086982633,Recommended,209080,27871080,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,johannes_mirror,You always wanted to be a pirate or a pilot?Then this is exactly your game!
,Recommended,209080,27778138,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,TexIam,"Reminds me of an enhanced version of SpaceTeam, a mobile favorite. Dig the collaborative nature of Icarus and that Steampunk theme is a win."
76561198041357430,Recommended,209080,4743533,"Posted: 29 March, 2013",all,Scotsman,A truly cinematic experience! One of the most unique games I have ever played.Edit: Years later and they are still breaking new ground. Absolutely one of the best developers you could ask for and very in tune with their playerbase.
76561197984711789,Recommended,209080,27767892,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,The Wandering Mage,"There are few games out there that can capture the same variety of emotions and experiences as those that can be found in Guns of Icarus. You can fall into the manic, terror-fueled left-clicking maddness of immenent doom, when you see your screen full of red flashing icons indicating two dozen things that need to be immediately fixed, and all you have is your wrench, your hammer, and the hope that your captain knows what he's doing. You can enjoy the slow build of anticipation as you hunt your as-yet unrevealed foe, mixed with the awe-inspiring serenity of the landscapes that you pass under, over and between on your way. You can feel the unrivaled sense of superiority and swashbuckling derring-do as you fly your airship head-on into your enemy, guns blazing, orders cutting through the air with all the vim and urgency of the most confident of crack military commanders. You can experience those moments when your captain lines you up the sweetest shot with the flamethrower you've ever had, and you feel neither remorse, nor pity for the crew opposite, but a real glee as you cook their ship around them like a Tennasee barbecue. You can feel a sense of accomplishment when you suddenly realize how well you and your fellow teammates are behaving, strategically, and how well it's working, and how that match seems so laughably easy that you cannot help but grin. And then there is the full, complete joy of rattling through a pitched battle of heavy fighting, where both you and your opponent are so thouroughly even and so nearly licked, but you pull out the one maneuver they weren't expecting, and come out on top. With everyone breathing a glad sigh of relief for just one mutual moment of perfect happiness before turning towards the wreckage of the ship and getting it back in order.This is quite simply the ultimate game for a bunch of buddies who just want to get together and prove their teamworking skills over all others."
76561198099496054,Recommended,209080,21001631,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,Osama Bin Skatin',Fantastic game. Best played over Skype for better communication. Great balance of teamwork and is runnable on slower computers. Just wish there were more ships or larger game modes.
,Recommended,209080,28640298,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,Unique and Hilarious Username,Pleae get this so the community grows!
,Recommended,209080,28670365,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,WouldYouKindly?,<3 Flying Ships !! Whats there not to love?
76561198022474086,Recommended,209080,13737277,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,Karvajalka,Bought a copy for me and 3 friends. We never plaid together 4/5
,Recommended,209080,28706881,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,Retheron,"The game has a stupidly high learning curve but if you're willing to learn Guns of Icarus becomes a beautiful blend of everything that's right in a game, maybe except the current playerbase. But who cares, the game IS AWESOME. The uniqueness of their co-op requirement is very refreshing and is so far the only game I've come across that's built so heavily around it. Buy it, give it a try, fly the skies and skewer other ships. It's super fun :D"
,Recommended,209080,28685950,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,no ice,Steampunk. Airships. Murdering people. Do it. Get it.
,Recommended,209080,28734230,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,Savage CaBBBage,Pretty fun game. good for working together and shooting down other teams. pretty kool m9
,Recommended,209080,28665208,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,LordFalnerWit,"This game, this GAME! I LOVED THIS GAME. The keyword there is loved, now I like it, it's just I feel like it will lose it's fun with the DLC Alliance as the old gamemodes won't be played as much, I don't really WANT to buy the DLC, most people will want to buy it, but more or less, I feel t1hat it should be maybe 10-13 Bucks instead of 15, but that's my opinion, otherwise, I really love this game."
,Recommended,209080,30983862,Posted: 6 April,all,Krisoraptor,Good game so far. I love games that encourage team work
76561198114717468,Recommended,209080,27899762,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,aanohincorp,good day the person who is reading this. I wuld like to give you my opinion on ths game. its ait.
76561198273802453,Recommended,209080,28533240,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,Psychotic,"When my brother first showed me the game, I thought it looked interesting but poor quality. After I played it however, I found it to be an incredibly addicting game that is best played with friends. If you can get a crew of four together it is definiety the best way to play. The ships are amazing and the Steampunk theme goes incredibly well with the gameplay. My biggest drawbacks to the game are the inexperienced captains and crew who do not listen to directions or crew. Otherwise, the community tends to lean towards kindness and it makes it an enjoyable experience to play."
76561198093086747,Recommended,209080,28517062,"Posted: 21 December, 2016",all,← Noshcat,Flying an airship was great fun. I've played it a while back and had lot's of fun captaining. I haven't got a lot of experience with the other classes but they're nice too.
76561198135772297,Recommended,209080,27534364,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Standard Deviant,"Guns of Icarus is an incredibly fun coopertaive PvP steampunk airship game. It is an incredibly rare breed and is incredibly fun. It needs more players though. You play as one of the 3 classes to work across your ship and defeat your enemies. So fun. Please, players are needed."
,Recommended,209080,27575531,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,[`Mister Wekonu.],"""As a monkeywrench, do I keep the engines going or do I quickly fix the balloon to stop us sinking, or maybe I switch to a cannon real quick to finish the enemy off first?!"" I have to think on my feet, quickly, as fabric and metal fall all around us as three more ships battle above and below, fires slowly building, time running out, the captain yammering in faux-Victorian accent into his voice chat at us. But never once does the game make you feel ""bad"" for failing, I'm always relaxed and enjoying myself.The music is glorious, the art-style beautiful. This is a unique and comfortable teamwork game with a helpful and sometimes  quite quirky community. Definitely in my top ten of all online games. :)"
76561197984697065,Recommended,209080,27058751,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Rezroc,"A VERY underrated and played game. A rare game that is COMPLETELY dependant on how well you work with your crew. Roles that represent piloting your vessel, gunning down others, and keeping yours floating keep everyone occupied at all times. Not only are you dependant on your crew but that of your allies crews."
76561198065470390,Recommended,209080,27259018,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Derp Derp,If you like team tactical play then youll like this game.
,Recommended,209080,27044760,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Klushots,"First, you want a mic for this game. Actually, you NEED a mic for this game. Not only does it help you, but it helps everyone else in your crew as well. It's indescribably frustrating trying to coordinate a crew when half of them can only respond through text chat.GoIO is a great game that requires effective communication and a lot of practice to succeed at. You WILL suck at this game when you start.Luckily though, the game's best feature is its community. Nearly everyone you play with or against in GoIO is willing to help you learn. Join a crew with an experienced player? They'll teach you everything they know. Mess up as a new Captain in a match? Chances are one of the enemy Captains will offer you some pointers. Most of the people who play this game understand the steep learning curve and actually WANT to help new players get better, even when they're the competition. And as long as you listen to them, you WILL get better.Your first dozen or so matches will probably look something like this:Never being able to fight back because your Captain just can't seem to line up the guns properly.Constant flames and death because your Engineers are always on the guns.Getting hammered by weaker ships because your Gunner can't figure out projectile momentum and velocity.But once you finally get it, it's incredibly satisfying:Chasing down enemies and tearing them out of the sky because the Captain knows exactly where he needs to be.Holding on to that point for just a few more match-winning seconds while the ship burns around you because the Engineers can take the heat.Going one-on-one against a bigger ship that could destroy you in a second and winning because your Gunner's good aim kept the enemy's guns broken for the whole fight.I've been Captain in several matches with a crew full of new players. Almost every time, after just a few training matches, they would be downing ships like they'd been playing for weeks. Not because I'm any good as a Captain, but because we were communicating and they were willing to learn.It's frustrating at first, but if you stick with this game it'll reward your skill."
,Recommended,209080,11700923,"Posted: 14 August, 2014",all,Sir Stabalot,The Tip Box is our Lord and Savior. And the Tip Box does not Lie
,Recommended,209080,28563161,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,餛飩餛飩他媽的,"INSANELY Fun Game , There is a bit of grinding to it , but other than that the game is everything you'd expect and more , I played around 10-15 games and the combat and repairing aspect , imo , is just simply amazing and the fact that there is nopay to win aspect of the game makes it even better"
,Recommended,209080,10138150,"Posted: 16 May, 2014",all,"Vader, Kaiser of Scarif & Endor",Great teamwork and class based game.
76561198049094067,Recommended,209080,28144089,"Posted: 2 December, 2016",all,Ectior,"A great comunity, and a really fun team game! All classes are fun to play as, and all ships are fun to crew. Provided you are willing to work with other people I would highly recomend this game!"
,Recommended,209080,18758185,"Posted: 30 October, 2015",all,Cats n shit,It's ok.
76561198225366504,Recommended,209080,24732788,"Posted: 5 August, 2016",all,MaX,"fun game, has voicechat to talk to team if you wanti got it on sale for 4€, is worth this moneypretty many possibilities to customize ships and equipent"
,Recommended,209080,27958759,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Miigaadenim,Single point away from either team winning.Other ship on our team waiting to respawn.Captain tried to charge our Pyramidion into the side of a Galleon to end the round.Ended horribly.10/10
,Recommended,209080,27924409,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,TheRobocrat,>Saw Sky boat>Shot sky boat> Am fixing sir?>Sky boat go boom>10/10 would sky boat again
76561198168122507,Recommended,209080,27677527,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Psycho Mantis,"Make this Free-To-Play.It's a wonderful game in it's own right and totally worth the full price I paid, but with Alliance coming out and Guns of Icarus slowly losing active players, I strongly believe that make it Free-To-Play would be a good idea. You could easily raise the prices of In-game purchases. I hate to see this community getting smaller everyday and the game just isn't selling like it used to. Consider making this Free-To-Play, please. This game is fantastic, but it's dying."
,Recommended,209080,27652496,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Death Dealer,"There's not much like this co-op multiplayer online battles. Prep your ship and you're good to go. Very addicting, but may be hard to find fellow players to have right feeling. Once in it makes feeling that you won't forget. Defenetly a game that's a must try."
,Recommended,209080,27648677,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Cpt. Jan,"I think this is a great game with many possibilities but i think in its current state its not that good. Its fun but there is so little amount of content in it that it get s boring. Its good that we will get a dlc, the alliance but if it stays 15€ it will be really overpriced. I think the devs should focus on making new and new content and add it to the base game."
76561198112258434,Recommended,209080,27808216,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,jncnossen,"This is an amazing and underated game, in a unique genre. There are only three real downsides to the game:1. The playerbase is pretty low, so start playing!2. Learning the mechanics and niches takes a couple of hours of gameplay. Don't be deterred by this fact, eventually you'll learn and have all the more fun.3. The developmentprocess of new content is pretty slow, but with the upcoming release of the Alliance gamemode there is enough content to enjoy the game as it stands.This game needs more recognition then it gets."
76561198036880088,Recommended,209080,26537254,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,BarbecuePython,+Incredible game with an amazing team oriented gameplay.Marvellous conceptCool graphics-Lack of playersPraise the Pve DLC
,Not Recommended,209080,26543331,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,USMCPelto,"It's a fun game, but it needs lots of work for balancing issues. The player base is also relatively small. If you want to play with a couple friends, PvE style, this game just isn't for you. It may be one day, but as is there's relatively little 1ship on 1 ship combat."
,Recommended,209080,26718118,"Posted: 20 November, 2016",all,Sargonite,"A great game and I LOVE steampunk, its really fun with friends etc. but sadly there is one problem, nobody plays it. Buy the game, I need more people to shoot at ;-;"
,Recommended,209080,10204483,"Posted: 22 May, 2014",all,Aruvie,This game is great it should be in MLG
,Recommended,209080,10165420,"Posted: 18 May, 2014",all,NinjaTigers,"I bought a 4 pack of this game for $7.50, which is an amazing deal. But keep in mind, I would gladly pay full price for this game.Gun of Icarus promotes teamwork in a very fun and casual way. However that isnt to say that there is no competative feel to the game. Everyone I have met so far has been very nice, respectful, and eager to cooperate to win. So far I have not seen one balance issue in the game which is a feat in itself.If you plan on playing with friends I highly recommend it.9.5/10 would fly againEDIT: I still very highly recommend this game, it is a unique game and extremely fun. However, it has no population. As of 12/23/16 the game has an average of 113 players per day. A very sad tale for a game that deserved much better. I wish there was someway to give it the exposure it needs."
,Recommended,209080,28816203,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,Romantic Sadist,"Probably one of the most under-rated games of all time in my opinion, this game presents a fantastic online experience to anyone who enjoys teambased gameplay and being rewarded for playing well together. If you have a group of friends who enjoy a completely unique team based game experience, then this is a great choice to pick up. The community for this game is small, but it's never too hard to find a game and play, and isn't to hard to get into mechanically.There are no individual victories in Guns of Icarus, when you shoot another team airship out of the sky, it's because the sum of your crews abilities beat the sum of theirs, and poor communication and planning are particularly punished. However not much beats the rush when your crew obliterating an enemy teams airship, hearing everyone on your team cheer in excitement while you all take a moment to realize that this is something you accomplished together."
,Recommended,209080,29066341,Posted: 6 January,all,Haloskater2017,ive not played this game at lot but its probably my favotite game and somebody wrote a review saying theres hardly 100 players online me theres like 600
,Recommended,209080,16812727,"Posted: 30 June, 2015",all,Tom,"Great game that will easily burn a few hours out of your day.Lately recieved a surge in popularity, and as a result, matchmaking is no longer an issue. I encourage you to try it out because it's pretty immersive."
,Recommended,209080,29052068,Posted: 5 January,all,KingBlade,"Do you enjoy coming home from a long day at work in the real world, only to hop on your overpriced gaming rig to play a game that you picked up for $2.50. Are you interested in getting a career in aviation? Look no further! With Guns of Icarus Online you can take on the role of a Pilot who ♥♥♥♥♥ bricks as his ship goes down. Or perhaps a over payed gunner who sits on his♥♥♥♥♥as your ship goes down. Last but not least we have the good ol' engineer, where getting your degree is a matter of how hard you can swing a mallet.10/10 job simulator0/10 pay scaleif you have friends to play with, pick this game up. Otherwise meh."
,Recommended,209080,29073147,Posted: 6 January,all,Mr.Pikabat,"I think it is fun, and a challenge for those new, but it's cool to fly a steampunk airship. :D"
76561198232478724,Recommended,209080,29073240,Posted: 6 January,all,GamingConverse,"Great idea and gameplay, but the auto begin timings are way too long. 130 seconds? How about 30?"
,Recommended,209080,29054206,Posted: 5 January,all,Rathence,"Played for awhile with freinds had a ton of fun, would recommend for freinds looking to play something"
76561198048227370,Recommended,209080,29146474,Posted: 9 January,all,Sigourney Weiner,"Great fun, wish I'd taken advantage of the deal on the new version."
76561198043885511,Recommended,209080,28968849,Posted: 2 January,all,Kestril,"If you're looking for a teamwork-based game with lots of mechanical depth and multiplayer variety, look now further that guns of icarus. The skirmish mode is balanced to a T, and with alliance on the horizon more content will be added and tuned to skirmish mode shortly.Furthermore, the longstanding community veterans are of the most friendly and helpful of any multiplayer online community I've seen. If you're tired of the salt from overwatch, then feel free to join GOIO!The potential con is that there IS a lot to learn, and you many not be up to speed with the veterans when you start. However, there are novice-only matches that will help get you on your feet and aquainted with the game before you go toe-to-toe with the longstanding vets."
,Recommended,209080,28927036,Posted: 1 January,all,[G-MAN2][bodenebas]Billy Maize,very fun and educational
76561198175502875,Recommended,209080,28927060,Posted: 1 January,all,SirBeans,"The spire stands firing its light artillery guns greased for performance. The junker, hull armor down, smashed by the barrage quickly succumbs to the fire.Finished, the spire turns to met it's new foe. An enemy galleon lumbers by, tanking the first volley without flinching, the captain grabs his lucky phoenix claw and yanks on the wheel while the engineers frantically repair the hull and guns. The gunner unleashes a deadly broadside of fire from the hydra cannons, making short work of the spire.But what's this? a speedy goldfish with an optimum weapon loadout creeps out of the fog, guns blazing. The captain yells his gunner to let loose with his supercharged guns as the galleon's armor buckles. The galleon fires a salvo, but the goldfish speeds forward, ramming into the galleon and finishing the job. The captain spins the wheel, balloons spent of hydrogen and engines damaged, the goldfish shrinks back into the fog while the engineers nurse its wounds.There, I tried to make this cool. I like this game. play it. good community (but there's always a few downers) but its a pretty small one. also had a few disonnects even with good wifi.  Anyway, thumbs up for tis steampunk team based sky battle game."
,Recommended,209080,28965143,Posted: 2 January,all,Dustcloud,"I like this game. It's fun, and I've never run into another game quite like it. That said, it has its flaws and I assume most of them stem from it being indie/budget-ish. It takes more GPU/CPU than you'd expect for the graphics, and the learning curve is pretty steep (needs some better tutorial missions or some single player ones), for example. And of course It also has some minor design flaws -- for example having a gunner class sounds reasonable, but for the most part you're just better off with Engineers.Above said, it's not easy. Particularly being a captain is tough! You need all kind of knowledge and skills in order to outfit your ship reasonably and  organize your crew. But with a good captain on board your airship this game is a blast!"
76561198207990825,Recommended,209080,28963458,Posted: 2 January,all,★E1GHT★vac,good game
,Recommended,209080,28964121,Posted: 2 January,all,JaegerJaquez,One of the few games out there that pushes TEAMWORK. Plus Teamwork.
76561197970508370,Recommended,209080,28732009,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,OkO,Awesome
,Recommended,209080,12679467,"Posted: 29 October, 2014",all,L337 PL4Y3R,good
76561198138691360,Recommended,209080,29132261,Posted: 8 January,all,Ming Lee,is pretty much planes crashing into each other i r8 9/11
,Recommended,209080,28898599,Posted: 1 January,all,Footdocofdoom,This game is a ton of fun. the alliance mode is was a ton of fun (I have only played the alpha at the moment). there is no better feeling then to take down a boss with just you and your crew some how pulling out a victory out of your♥♥♥♥♥
,Recommended,209080,28749850,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,luvnish,"Great game with amazing potential. However, the lack of players is a serious issue. I'd usually end up spending more time in the lobby than in the matches itself.Gamplay-wise, you really need good coordination with your team to make it through. The AIs are OK to work with, but they don't compare to an actual player teammate. Having good ping can really tilt the balance in your favor.During bad ping days, playing Eng is the only way to be at least useful.I don't know about the ""Alliance"" patch.. maybe it's better there.I have big hopes for the game. I'll check back every now and then to see how it fares."
76561198078543066,Recommended,209080,28762070,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,torbon2000,good
76561198273024234,Recommended,209080,29017967,Posted: 4 January,all,Kороль,Super fun when you have a four man team of your friends or a bunch of randoms with mics as long as you all know what youre doing.The only issue with the game is the lack of players.
76561198116703969,Recommended,209080,28773586,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,joshualuigi220,"This is a team-based arena deathmatch game. The community is full of great people who will show newcomers the ropes. The leveling system is based on achievements and higher level players don't get any perks so everyone is evenly matched. The only true ""leveling"" is the knowledge gained during play, like knowing when to retreat and what engineers should prioritize. The community is fairly consistent with games only being hard to find in very early/late hours of the day. The developers still balance and listen to the community."
,Recommended,209080,29130270,Posted: 8 January,all,kiddlepoke,caw caw
76561198148856129,Recommended,209080,29154538,Posted: 9 January,all,DanishCqt,"If you are coming here after a WatchMojo vid, they were horribly informed"
76561198062102888,Recommended,209080,29134388,Posted: 8 January,all,WHY DOES MY NAME CHANGE ITSELF,"This game is very fun and relies on teamwork. The graphics are very nice, the gameplay is very intuitive and fun. The community is very friendly and honestly one of the nicest gaming communities i have seen. I definetly recommend getting this game, you won't regret it."
,Not Recommended,209080,24706115,"Posted: 4 August, 2016",all,Sanity,"The game is just a failure in my eyes.After seeing foolish move after foolish move. I remember wanting this game when the idea first rolled around on steam.That being said, the devs just do not listen to their player base. You would think that buying a collectors edition of this game would result in getting something unique outside of what you can get outside of the game, and yet you can eventually just unlock the same cosmetics if you played long enough.Having invested as many hours as I have in the game only to see it go downhill for the longest time is just pathetic at this point.The game was decently optimized when i first played it about 2 years ago, and now the game is just a buggy mess, leaving much to be desired. The U.I feels so unpolished on the main screen, not to mention that close to nobody plays this game because of forcing alliance DLC down our throats which still doesn't feel finished. It doesn't help that when you try to give feeback to the devs they keep telling you to go to THEIR website and go to THEIR forums to give feedback, isolating their player base and even if you submit feedback you're given some stupid PR rhetoric in the case about gender locked cosmetics about aesthetic and design views.Regardless of the stupidity this game carries, the player base was still decently solid at times averaging 150-200 on good days.And now? You're luckly if your ship has no AI on it, not to mention the fights get really boring if there is a lack of variety in viable stratagies. When every ship class runs a similar setup, it's either shoot first or be shot.I was a HUGE fan of this game and wanted to help it along and at every step the devs just would NOT work with their player base.Theres a reason why nobody plays this game anymore, it's a huge dissapointment to those who crowdfunded it, and an even bigger eyesore on those new players who buy the game hoping to play it."
76561198072194893,Recommended,209080,32024856,Posted: 28 May,all,Billy Blazes,"I found this game in my recconmended shortly after returning it, thanks steam!"
,Recommended,209080,22593358,"Posted: 23 April, 2016",all,SPODERMAN,"I love this game i also named my M4A1-S | Icarus Fell ""Gun of Icarus""BUY IT!!! :D"
,Recommended,209080,6140718,"Posted: 27 May, 2013",all,Elsa,This game is So much fun!
,Recommended,209080,18572753,"Posted: 19 October, 2015",all,Sebastian Michaelis,"I recommend this game because for several reasons. The biggest reason is if your a steampunk fun, like I am, you should get this game and play it with friends. Playing this game will change your life for good"
,Not Recommended,209080,13941952,"Posted: 11 January, 2015",all,LP,null
,Recommended,209080,16005383,"Posted: 25 May, 2015",all,Raf,If you like steampunk you will like this game
,Recommended,209080,14924312,"Posted: 16 March, 2015",all,a_PolishPony,"I see a lot of people going through the ""trouble"" of buying this game and later refunding it. Well, let me tell you, if you are not prepared for somehow competitive and intense session of gaming where you need to actually behave as a part of a team, don't bother in this game. However, if you want a game where roles, communication, attitude and teamwork are key to victory, give this game more than just an hour.Maybe your first immpression of the game is really bad: small community with close to none new players, lon waiting time, strange mecanics and probably your first game ever was with an experienced captain that just started commanding you around and surely raged beacuse you didn't understood what to do. But guess what: this is the magic of the game. Learn, adapt and obey. Basics to this balloon-fighting game.Don't be scared at first and mostly don't be impatient. Play the tutorials, master the basics, read guides, and don't be shy, ask other players what it is about, they will help you sort things out. Learn from your f*** ups and experiment and, most importantly, keep playing. Once you adapt to it, it will be a game you'll love for life."
76561198161396032,Not Recommended,209080,28655873,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,Impulsive Egg,"I came back to say that this game has gone to hell. It was fun for the first couple of hours, but then the devs released a $20 DLC for a $5 game.This game had a lot of potential, but the developers ruined it by not listening to their p(l)ayers. releasing a promised feature as a DLC, and overall just having a buggy, unplayable game. This is really disappointing."
76561198141558406,Recommended,209080,32459747,Posted: 15 June,all,Faceless Chode,best game i ever bough
,Recommended,209080,24998338,"Posted: 18 August, 2016",all,who?,is good.
,Recommended,209080,27781740,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,MattMahh,Lobby Simulator20162017.
,Recommended,209080,27545273,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,♥ Letus,"It's okay.And for the last time it's dieselpunk, not steampunk.  I have spent many hours on these ships and I have yet to find ONE boiler."
,Recommended,209080,33295665,Posted: 5 July,all,Felixoli888,I love to destroy air ships
,Recommended,209080,22265163,"Posted: 6 April, 2016",all,May Zee,Developpers give a♥♥♥♥♥♥about their gameCommunity is greatGame is great10/10 would bang
,Recommended,209080,29407716,Posted: 21 January,all,JoeSnow,"Simple, THIS GAME SHOULD HAVE MORE PEOPLE PLAYING IT. Done. Do I need to say more. Team-Based, SteamPunk setting and FLYING A BALLON SHIP WITH CANNONS ON IT. Would recommend, do buy. Though I would suggest having at least 3 friends who can join you on this venture, it is a heavily team based game. Good Luck in the sky`s my fellow airmen and airwomen. (Gotta be nice to both genders, otherwise someone will kill me, lol)"
76561198029908125,Recommended,209080,10176488,"Posted: 20 May, 2014",all,El Swagerino (MeGuustav[NL]),"This game is really nice to play with friends. Teamwork and coordination is really important in this game. You need a captain who chooses a ship, customizes it, and flies it. The captain needs a crew of gunners and engineers who repair the ship and shoot other ships. You are battling with 2 or 3 crews of 4 people against 2 or 3 crews of 4 people. You have ships that fit long range the best and ships that fit short range the best, tanky ships with heavy weaponry but slow and cannot easily turn or ships that move and turn fast but get damaged easily and have light weaponry. The only problem with the game is that it might take a little long sometimes for you to be able to get into a game with 3 friends. It also has only 5 maps. If it's ever on a 75% sale (like it is now for the next 10 days. Only  €7 for a 4-pack), be sure to pick it up with your friends."
76561198250132840,Recommended,209080,29395613,Posted: 21 January,all,carter_13,buy this game it is amazing
76561198027504150,Recommended,209080,3797825,"Posted: 26 April, 2013",all,fletchedit,"A remarkably addictive multiplayer game, where teamwork is key. Fun times and fun people."
76561198120344832,Recommended,209080,29439205,Posted: 23 January,all,Judy Hopps,"A very well made steampunk game, amazing textures and models. Guns of Icarus really took my heart away from my most favourite game: BioShock. It's a great game to get and play amongst everyone else worldwide, including your friends. I highly recommend Guns of Icarus to those who want to experience a true steampunk type experience, battling everyone with amazing animations and audio, and to, obviously, have an infinite load of FUN. 10/10, would love to play Alliance once it comes out!"
,Recommended,209080,29402475,Posted: 21 January,all,Semmie77,"Guns of Icarus is a great game. It's unique and fun to play with friends. The worst thing about this game is the lack of players. European servers sometimes don't have any players at all, I always play on American servers due to lack of players. It might take some time to find a match, but it's absolutely worth it."
,Recommended,209080,29404469,Posted: 21 January,all,muckguppy,"the most fun i've had playing multiplayer as a team, absolutely fantastic. teamwork taken to the next level!"
76561198336982331,Recommended,209080,29613838,Posted: 31 January,all,XenoHunter,Great game
76561198154339976,Recommended,209080,29288844,Posted: 15 January,all,bossinfernogamer,a game that is fun as crap and pepole say pepole hardley play it but pepole still play it and adiccting and you have to use teamwork so whant a fun steampunk this is a game for you
,Recommended,209080,29507657,Posted: 26 January,all,SageKingTyler,great game lots of fun must have if you like steampunk
,Recommended,209080,29525575,Posted: 27 January,all,RisalO,"If i compared the system of the game right now with 9 month ago, It much more better than before !!"
76561198018687727,Recommended,209080,29476572,Posted: 24 January,all,T26OG,"I love this game very much but everyone who plays it needs to put a group effort forth and get a bigger player base together!  Come on lets do this, lets give this game what it deserves!"
76561198046483615,Recommended,209080,31024715,Posted: 8 April,all,boomer21,"I find the recent updates refreshing change by adding the PVE aspect to this game. For a person who is not keen on PVP in general, this a fun game."
76561198022676352,Recommended,209080,3435385,"Posted: 7 March, 2013",all,Stilgar,"Epic steampunk zeppelin battles, what's not to like? >=]"
76561198197698078,Recommended,209080,29818162,Posted: 9 February,all,3pn1k,"Unique and fun, but I wish the servers were full"
76561198068950195,Recommended,209080,27905751,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,WarnerCK,"Absolutely love this game.Loads of variation in maps, ships, weapons, and player styles gives a very deep experience.This game really makes you work as a team with your crew and teammates. Lovely community who are always happy to help me players and show them the ropes.Buy it today!"
76561198156058724,Recommended,209080,29938553,Posted: 15 February,all,Passance,"This game is, mechanically, one of the best on Steam. It's great.However, there is one overarching problem with it; A relatively small playerbase. This can result in high-ping games and half-full servers, which is a major blow to the game. The only way we can fix this problem is by playing the game. It's a good game, so it can't be that hard. I suppose this is due to a fairly rough initial learning curve.Aside from the small playerbase and the resulting issues, this is a niche but very entertaining game. Let me break it down:-This is a four-player coop, ignore any other category. If you loved the interplay and teamwork of working with a small team, such as playing Payday 2 or Left 4 Dead 2, then you should really look at Guns of Icarus. Teamwork is critical to the game and if that's what you love, you will love this game.-Artwork.The art alone is reason to buy the game. This game has the best artwork I've ever seen in any game. Ever. Hands down.Music's bloody good too.Graphics and animations are pretty average, but the sheer coolness of crewing the GoI warships willl guarantee you get your money's worth just exploring the game. I'm a big steampunk fan and aircraft buff, but I don't believe I'm very biased in this - take it from me, this is the best airship modelling in the world. Anything you thought of as cool before Guns of Icarus will probably need reevalution. I can't overstate how much this marriage of beautiful artwork and small-team squad gameplay thrills me.-Balance. Though the game has a fairly steep initial learning curve, which will likely lead to you losing your first two or three matches due to not knowing how elements such as damage work in this game as opposed to many others will be a huge setback. If you take an hour or two to learn them, however, you can start playing competitively very quickly.Senior players are actually rewarded for carrying rookies, and to further that cause you should find more experienced players very willing to teach you the basics and get you off the ground.Heh.But above all, atmosphere.The game might seem to have skeletal lore, but it maintains within itself great self-consistency and keeps up the everpresent feeling of your own impermanence. The fast paces (often exceeding 100 k/h) of the airships and heavy damage taken constantly from a damage-centered gameplay dynamic serve to remind you at every second that you're riding not a modern airliner or a fireproofed helium blimp - these ships are slap-dash and falling apart around you, but this only serves to create a thrilling atmosphere in combat as parts go flying and clouds of smoke throw you into the shoes of a reckless young sailor with nothing left to lose, Not fighting for his life so much as throwing whatever he, his ship and his crew have left in the all-pervading pursuit of victory.Look... If you do teamwork, super cool art, fire and explosions, or high-speed chases then just buy the game and thank me later.The game would be better with an AAA budget behind it - mostly to advertise and expand the playerbase. But it's well worth buying as is."
76561198027376174,Recommended,209080,29913989,Posted: 13 February,all,Flying Elephant,"sky pirates, ASSEMBLE!In all seriosness though, this is a pretty fun game, you dont need freinds to play as AI and pubbies can take over the open slots, but its way funner with. A proper team working together with Discrod or the ingame what is quite the terrifying and beautiful thing"
,Recommended,209080,29923104,Posted: 14 February,all,Jomdorr,"This game has come so far, I love what has been created. For me it needs a good single player with a more interactive, emersive gamplay. The game needs more depths in the things that it is allready excelling at I want more ship customization and greater control over that customization. the big guns are brilliant but i want to take it a step further and be able to customize the weapons with personalized upgrades with technology bought by playing the game. it needs a little more progression to feel more emmersive."
,Recommended,209080,29860171,Posted: 11 February,all,Alirexza,Perfect!...
,Recommended,209080,29173319,Posted: 10 January,all,Anthony56grad,such an intresting game.
76561198091960716,Recommended,209080,23393853,"Posted: 4 June, 2016",all,Rebel555,"This game is really fun and was a great buy on sale! I really hope more people start playing this, as well as the new version they are releasing soon, because it is very unique and great for team play. Give it a try, it's a refreshing change of pace and is full of intense airship crew combat!"
,Recommended,209080,29155911,Posted: 9 January,all,Pxl8r Maroonpickle,"Eh. It's good, but it's not for me. Other people would enjoy me."
,Recommended,209080,31004507,Posted: 7 April,all,smithergoesmeow,This game is really cool if you like the idea of being part of a crew and each ship has extremely varied and cool layouts. Only problem is starting out you will get wrecked by other teams unless you have a crew of experienced players. And matchmaking is slow on down times. But so worth it once you get into a game.
,Recommended,209080,29272458,Posted: 15 January,all,MichaelW,"This game is fantastic. Your crew will make or break your experience, once you get in a fun crew that communicates you will have a blast.P.S. You'll also spend some time in the lobbies, don't take the lobby banter too seriously."
76561197968461716,Not Recommended,209080,29280810,Posted: 15 January,all,The Beefalo,Fun to a point.  Worth it on sale.You're going to run into people who take this game VERY seriously.  Like this is a matter of life or death serious.
,Recommended,209080,29436872,Posted: 22 January,all,Beagán,Cool team based steampunk air battles.I spent 21 dollars on cosmetics... send help.
,Recommended,209080,29326858,Posted: 17 January,all,Eclipse,"This review is from the view of an experienced player who pretty much has had lots of help playing and learning the game along the way, with that in mind, lets continue.Overall: Guns of Icarus Online is a fantastic tactical, team based multiplayer game that indirectly forces people to use constant team work. ships are all unique and balanced with strengths and weaknesses, the scale of the battles at times are breath taking and working with a good crew and team feels great. costumes and paint jobs are the only thing you can buy, on top of that, they're nothing bank breaking. negatives being, getting into the game is tough, everything is confusing and without a helping hand from the crew, you wont know what to do, worst case you get barked at by yours or another pilot. player count is a concerning one, there are maybe under two hundred players at high point and under a hundred at low point on a normal day. once you get passed the git gud wall, the game is alot of fun.Teamwork: constant communication and teamwork is critical to your team winning a match especially for pilots between other ships and the crew, without it, you are bound to fail to the other team if they have superior communication. now this can result in a glorious victory but the downside to this is not every pilot and crew member wants to talk (as long as crew follows orders, they're fine) so communicating information between eachother becomes very dificult and at some point someone messes up and gets someone killed. usually it's not a big issue as many experienced pilots know the critical nature of talking.Ships: every ship in the game is unique, with stengths and weekness and a different way of handling them. one extreme example is the Galleon ship, heavy, slow but is a ♥♥♥♥♥ to take down with good engineers and is equipped with the most heavy weapons of any ship. on the other extreme is the Squid ship, fast, light, but is easily destroyed and only has three guns, none of them being heavy. in between are ships of different combos and many ways to adjust those ships to your play style.Performance: this game is light and still looks great, I'm not saying that this game can run on Intel HD graphics with great framerate, trust me, I've tried, but it can run well on any modern graphics card, and processor.Waitng: waiting in lobby is an issue for this game, as people normally want a full crew or atleast two crew members, not having to rely on the AI to do the work. you probably can imagine, you can't bark at an AI over voice chat and no pilot bothers with the speech system since their attention is needed for the on going battle. back to point, the man power needed to operate an effective ship requires people, and with lots of ships, you need lots of people, and finding people to join with the games player count can be time consuming. despite the long wait, the battles are usually well worth it and once you got a filled lobby, it will stay filled for a while."
,Recommended,209080,29719405,Posted: 5 February,all,MrMalibu,"Best game of its genre, it is sad to no one playing it anymore."
76561198073669839,Recommended,209080,19511085,"Posted: 5 December, 2015",all,Teletubby,Great Game!
76561198271958905,Recommended,209080,30361716,Posted: 6 March,all,Bran,Fun game I really like the whole team work style of the game and how you have to work together to keep your ship togther i  recomend getting this game its very fun and challenging.
,Recommended,209080,31207004,Posted: 17 April,all,agro,hella good
,Recommended,209080,30355543,Posted: 6 March,all,Jeevee,"Strong concept, strong execution, strong game. Spend dat cash"
,Recommended,209080,30093498,Posted: 21 February,all,Nelict,I'm not recommending it because i don't want my friends to have as much fun as i do while playing this game. #420Blazeit
76561197995528663,Recommended,209080,30716134,Posted: 24 March,all,TehYellowDart,"It's dumb to make you do tutorials before you can play.  It doesn't allow you to jump right in with friends and the tutorials are really long and repetitive.ADDED: There is apparently a workaround, though it's not immediately obvious.  Still, that solves the problem if you know about it."
76561198176962897,Recommended,209080,31369940,Posted: 25 April,all,notoninja,"DO YOU LIKE STEAMPUNK/DIESELPUNK, DO YOU LIKE SHOOTING DOWN AIRSPHIPSget this game"
,Recommended,209080,29846639,Posted: 11 February,all,Mando,"This game's only problem is the tiny amount of people actually playing it on a regular basis. If waiting in a lobby for half an hour before a match is no issue for you, I definitely recommend it. They really put a lot of work and love into this gem."
,Recommended,209080,32312026,Posted: 10 June,all,Kuzuma made me high af,Fun to play with friends
76561198073657954,Recommended,209080,6732980,"Posted: 7 November, 2012",all, Lawrence(Duke),Cool and fun is great PLAY IT NOWWW!!!!!!
,Recommended,209080,32759659,Posted: 25 June,all,-=#E|!<?+_+0x!<?+y#=-,"Bought this game for R400 lol, now it's R11, wth ? And it's such a fun game. Just not enough players."
,Recommended,209080,10080082,"Posted: 10 May, 2014",all,Guyanide,"8/10This game is fun and exciting, blowing up others while commanding your ship with leet callouts. You feel good flying a ship and being CAPTAIN OF THE SKIES but there is one major downside, not many people play this game"
76561198092046115,Recommended,209080,32157999,Posted: 3 June,all,The Potatolord,"Personally, I don't like the game, but that's just me, and I'm picky af.Anyway, I can see that the devs care about the game, and were willing to give me a free item *1-6$ * so I could give the game another chance, maybe see if I got into it this time."
76561197982565433,Recommended,209080,33240380,Posted: 4 July,all,ruwagrong,There was a player who sounded like Bob Ross on my team... he was the nicest teammate i ever had.
,Recommended,209080,34892081,Posted: 11 September,all,AgentTBone,"This is an amazingly fun game. The playerbase is dead  however. It is impossible to find a game. Over the past year, the highest amount of online players at any given time was 819.This is a great game but due to its dead playerbase it is impossible to play."
,Recommended,209080,34903840,Posted: 12 September,all,Magic_Platypus,pretty swweet
,Recommended,209080,33732014,Posted: 22 July,all,Ocelot,This game was a lot of fun to play with friends. There are a million games out there like this one now that I haven't played so I don't know how this one stacks up but it was pretty fun for a little while back in the day. It is only fun when you have a full squad of people with mics though.
,Recommended,209080,25026944,"Posted: 19 August, 2016",all,[B]IO,I love this game.I really do.
,Recommended,209080,30472639,Posted: 12 March,all,Chora,I recommend this game to anyone looking to play it in a group.PROS+Original game+Fast and responsive gameplay+Need for teamwork with crew and allied ships+Amazing steampunk design and spectacular maps+Nice character and ship customization options+Rewarding achievement systemCONS-Lack of active players-People who are unable to press the ready button so you spend 10-30 minutes of the game inthe lobby.-Very expensive visual customizationPlease raise awareness of this game. The only place I ever saw it was on IGN back in 2013.
,Recommended,209080,16832993,"Posted: 1 July, 2015",all,Kermit The Frog,"Pretty good game would definitely recommend it. There are so downsides to this game though, first of all you can wait forever to find a match if you want to be a certain class, second of all some  people have mics and are annoying as heck. Wish they would take mics off it in general. Great with friends, 8 out of 10 :)"
76561198131604085,Recommended,209080,34067184,Posted: 6 August,all,Polygrammar,"This game, much like my dreams and will to live, is dying fast. That being said, it's a good game when your teammates aren't chewing you out for fixing a broken cannon instead of the left engine. I've been called retard more times on this game then I ever have by my friends and family, and that's saying something. Truly an amazing experience."
,Recommended,209080,1796412,"Posted: 12 April, 2013",all,aradapilot,"Multiplayer steampunky airship battles - good game, but the best part is that it has a mature and polite community that's so uncommon in deathmatch-type games. This is the only one I've found."
,Recommended,209080,15930280,"Posted: 21 May, 2015",all,Chunk Hose,Was a good game until the community dissapeared
,Recommended,209080,28890109,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,Luharis,"Having waited a while, and seen the changes made in the game, I think i can finally alter my review of this game.Pros:The Devs have a renewed interest in the gamePlayerbase is small, but generally more pleasant than beforenew content is (finally) being addedCons:Playerbase is still smallI am quite happy with how the new direction this game has been taking as of late.  I am very happy to say i once more am confident in recomending it to others."
76561198107355238,Not Recommended,209080,23373810,"Posted: 3 June, 2016",all,williamjjlee,"Game is dead, no player base. Only hope is to make it F2P and make the DLC cost money."
76561198147960419,Recommended,209080,18440931,"Posted: 12 October, 2015",all,Tomistomming,This is an amazing game i love it its balanced and fair there are also hats & paint so get it and enjoy
,Not Recommended,209080,24096577,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,HMS Boatfucker 69,Alliance was a mistake
,Recommended,209080,1071216,"Posted: 30 January, 2013",all,Animalus,Great multiplayer-only game with an emphasis on cooperation between players. Avoid if you are lonewolf ;)
76561198168982771,Recommended,209080,19186081,"Posted: 20 November, 2015",all,Logan Nine Hats,"Team based cooperative multiplayer airship fun.Had the best times with this game. Made memories that make me smile to this day. Excellent community, mechanics, and world. A mustplay for anyone who loves team based multiplayer games!Check it out!"
,Recommended,209080,35092691,Posted: 20 September,all,田中 れいな,Addicting fun! :D
76561198065256396,Recommended,209080,35030287,Posted: 17 September,all,MikeyVsTheWorld,"Its so sad to see this great game on sale for 99p, honestly no idea why its so underpopulated."
,Recommended,209080,35036033,Posted: 17 September,all,Chicken Nugger(6),Very interesting and high octane game! Just wish the playerbase was there :(
,Recommended,209080,35025395,Posted: 17 September,all,Imperious,Red Baron
,Recommended,209080,35007830,Posted: 16 September,all,Sam Marine,Only for review badge KAPPA
76561198042388827,Recommended,209080,16762706,"Posted: 28 June, 2015",all,♠ Chris ♠,I kept falling off the ship
76561198137642965,Not Recommended,209080,35508940,Posted: 5 October,all,Goob,EHHHH I DUNNO
