user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
76561197967085956,Not Recommended,209100,20349208,"Posted: 6 January, 2016",all,Serious Cow,"FOR THOSE OF YOU WHO CAN'T LAUNCH THE GAME:- Open your start menu and search for 'Uninstall a program'.- Uninstall 'Microsoft Games for Windows - Live Redistributable'.- Uninstall 'Microsoft Games for Windows Marketplace'.- Download and install GFWL from -https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?LinkID=201134(Credit to Steam User 'Arkais' for finding the link)With that out of the way, is this game actually worth $29.99? Simple answer - no.Operation Raccoon City forces you to play alongside three other members in your squad for the entire game. This isn't a problem if you have three friends to play with, but considering how unpopular this game is, chances are you'll be playing with at least one bot, and you won't be able to fathom how mind-blowingly stupid they can be. They stare at walls during battle, stand in front of gunfire, run into crowds of zombies and spray you down with first-aid when you have so much as a paper cut. Occasionally they'll shoot at the enemy to little effect.Awful AI aside, the game is rife with bugs, clunky controlling and horrible gameplay mechanics.If you're adamant on buying this, wait for a Steam sale."
76561197970701643,Not Recommended,209100,23085569,"Posted: 19 May, 2016",all,Liam Neeson Punching Wolves,Capcom and Valve are basically selling a game they know isn't working.
76561197970935188,Recommended,209100,13346799,"Posted: 13 December, 2014",all,mahon007,"Let me be clear when I say that I really do enjoy playing ""Resident Evil Operation Raccoon City"", the game has in my opinion solid graphics and great game-play for both the single and multiplayer experience, but multiplayer can be a real blast and where the most fun can be had. Also for me finally being able to play as Umbrella and playing through franchise events through their perspective is a joy.However if STEAM Reviews could be either rated as Positive/Neutral/Negative vs. just the choices of Positive/Negative I would put this review at ""Neutral"". As fun as this game can be I just can't fully recommend it at this time and here is why....Why does STEAM still sell games that have ""GAMES For WINDOWS LIVE"", the support for that service has been stopped.While there are people that would argue the GFWL service still works as it always has, I will tell you from experience that I have never had any issues until this year.Sometimes this game will launch and work fine, other times it will need you to actually delete a settings file to launch or you will be forced to perform a clean install of the GFWL Client. It can be extremely frustrating and time consuming to resolve. There are people who own this game that cannot play because the game will not launch or it will crash at startup and this all is due to GFWL.I never had problems with Games For Windows Live until they stopped support.GFWL works but no one should not have to keep fixing this game or any game to play or just to launch without crashing, that really is just ridiculous. Honestly I wish I could count how many times I had re-downloaded the most current version of GFWL just to perform a fresh/clean install and even then the there was no guarantee that the game would work. Sometimes you will find that you might have to go to My Documents (C:\Users\Daniel\Documents\CAPCOM\RERC) and delete the Settings File just to get the game to launch without crashing, again this can be a frustrating experience.If you decide to buy just understand what you may be getting yourself into, but also know that with the frequent STEAM sales you can get the complete pack for a very sweet price.I did finally get this game running and it seems stable, I am running Windows 8.1, this is what I did;•	Download and install "" Windows Essentials ""2012""•	Go to your Control Panel and uninstall ""Microsoft Games For Windows Marketplace"" and also uninstall ""Microsoft Games For Windows- Redistributable"" then shutdown and restart your PC.•	Download the most up to date GFWL, but before you install you need to right click on the file and set the file to run as the Administrator and set the file compatibility to (Windows 7)•	After the Install restart your PC once again, then sign into ""Games For Windows Marketplace"" at least once with a valid username and password or create one @https://login.live-int.com/int.com/.•	Set the STEAM (EXE) to run as the ""Administrator"" and set the compatibility to (Windows 7)•	Download and install ""Resident Evil Operation Raccoon City""•	Before you start the game go to the game folder and set the GAME (EXE) to run as the ""Administrator"" and set the compatibility to (Windows 7) then start the game and play. (C:\Program Files (x86)\Steam\SteamApps\common\Resident Evil Operation Raccoon CityMaybe I'll see you in game, Lock N' Load!"
,Not Recommended,209100,24712466,"Posted: 4 August, 2016",all,Black Cat,"This game is actually fairly good. I was never a fan of the other resident evil games, other than 2 on psone. Gameplay was too slow and the controls were too unresponsive. This game is more of a shooter than a slow moving survival, its action oriented and tells a side story of resident evil 2. It is not warranting of a bad rating as its actually much better than the fanboys are really giving it credit to be. In other words, if you are a fanboy, you are absolutely going to hate this game, no ifs/ands/buts about it. If you want a decent zombie action experience, this is better than left4dead.The only reason I am not recommending this, is that the developers absolutely REFUSE to remove GFWL from their framework. The game crashes on startup, on win 10, and the workarounds with the xbox app do not work for me, so the game is currently unplayable for me. You will probably have slightly better experiences if you are running windows 7, as im sure a lot of workarounds exist for it, but in its current state, it is unplayable for me."
,Recommended,209100,23301391,"Posted: 30 May, 2016",all,{GE} Wolfy Blackheart,"WARNING: GAME DOES NOT WORK ON LAUNCH, TROUBLESHOOTING IS REQUIRED. DO NOT BUY IF YOU CAN'T TROUBLESHOOT YOUR WAY OUT OF A WET PAPER BAG. (It was a pretty easy fix for me, but varies system to system. My fix featured at end of review.)A hesitant recommendation, but not nearly as horrible as most say it is. On sale and for Resi fans I'll say you can do much worse. This will be a review of the base game. Figured with summer sale on the way some people could use some info.Just closed out the game's ending with only 5 hours of play. I'll give some ups and downs followed by some general statements.Pro's-(Some) creative set pieces-Decent voice acting-Decent music-Varied characters with differing playstyles / abilities-CoopCon's (I'm not gonna rub this too far into the grain but the game has a ton of them)-Ai is pants on head ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ (If at all possible, play with friends or online)Willfully will go into gunfire or areas with danger, also will not revive eachother (Solo play this means you die it's gg)-Story (while redeemable at points) is largely lackluster in presentation, I hear DLC fares a bit better but leaves off in a cliffhanger that will never be resolved-Graphics are so so-Controls could be better-Many mechanics (including finer tuned melee abilities, regular abilities, or dodging) are never explained-Game reads very much like a console port-Boss fights revolve around bulletspongey enemies-Multiplayer is done through games for windows live-Newer systems will have to use a fix-Lazy design choices (only 5 alternate zombie skins start looking a bit too familar by the time you're finished)A very interesting concept lacking in proper execution, as much as I fill up the con side of this list I don't regret my purchase. Anyone looking for a bit more Resident Evil probably won't walk away from this regretting it. Somewhere beneath this game you catch fleeting moments of greatness where you see that they started off with some really great ideas, core mechanics and setpieces. That said, controls, movement and gunfire feel kind of janky and are up to you to figure out with some things not being properly explained even in the controls menu. Story is forgetable but some banter between the characters was pretty cool and I personally thought they did a great job with the voice acting the rest of the game considered. Overall feeling is pretty fun if largely uninspired on the whole. More fun online with regular players.Some great mindless shooting if you're looking for it with a Resident Evil coat of paint. Just don't buy it at full price.WINDOWS 10 FIX - I.E  HOW TO TROUBLESHOOT YOUR WAY OUT OF A WET PAPER BAGThe game installer comes with an outdated games for windows live installer, rendering each game launch doomed to failure. To rectify this:- Go to control panel- Go Programs -> Uninstall program- Uninstall GWFL marketplace & redistrubtable- Restart PC (Some people say do this, I didn't and was fine)- Go tohttp://www.xbox.com/en-IN/Live/PC/DownloadClientand download latest GFWL- Win 10 users should be good to go, more fixes in the forums if you dig"
,Not Recommended,209100,28011170,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Sintacs,"It's a fun game, if you can get it working. Unfortunately, if you're on Windows 8 or 10 (I'm on Windows 10), this means jumping through some hoops, possibly going through some more hoops later. Not sure if it's fun enough to be worth the effort. I did what needed to be done to get it running, was able to play it, went to play it again on a different day, was no longer working, found out you need to delete the settings file for the game, started working a little bit again, but now freezes at the title screen, currently troubleshooting as I type this. If this sounds like too much, then I'd recommend passing on the game, or playing a console version of it."
,Recommended,209100,23558788,"Posted: 14 June, 2016",all,Nemec1mus™,"Win10 start RUS/ENGИ так для всех кто не может запустить данную игру на Win 10. Сам использую Win10 64. Согласен что не очень приятно мучаться с запуском игры,но всё же.Вот как я решил проблему.1-Удалить через приложение и возможности следующие приложения'Microsoft Games for Windows - Live Redistributable''Microsoft Games for Windows Marketplace'2-Скачать и установитьhttp://www.xbox.com/en-US/Live/PC/DownloadClientпосле того как установили может потребоваться перезапуск ПК. Мне помогла лично только повторная переустановка самого GFWL.3-В свойствах самой игры(ищем куда вам Steam её поставил) ставим совместимость с Win7 и прямой запуск от имени администратора.4-Финиш.Прокликиваем до тех пор пока игра не запустится.Запускаю только с папки с игрой.P.S. Пруфы можете посмотреть у меня на странице.And so for all those who can not run this game on Win 10. Sam I use Win10 64. I agree that it is not very pleasant to suffer with the launch of the game, but it zhe.Vot how I solved the problem.1 Remove app and opportunities following applications'Microsoft Games for Windows - Live Redistributable''Microsoft Games for Windows Marketplace'2 Download and installhttp://www.xbox.com/en-US/Live/PC/DownloadClientafter installing you may need to restart your PC. I personally only helped re-instal GFWL.3 In the properties of the game (look for where you put her Steam) set compatibility with Win7 and direct run as administrator.4 Finish.Click click click until the game is not only start.Start Racooncity.exe folder with the game.P.S. Proof can see on my page."
,Not Recommended,209100,25020637,"Posted: 19 August, 2016",all,[OvO]wl,"Game is completely, and totally ruined by:1) You start it up, it requires a windows login. Okay, I don't want to have anything to do with my old microsoft live account, but i dejectedly login anyway, then:2) they require a product key. You bought the game. It's authenticated through steam. In addition they want a product key too.3) To make matters worse, you can't copy and paste it. This is the final ♥♥♥♥ing straw. ♥♥♥♥ this♥♥♥♥♥♥Without a login you can't:1) save2) access online contentIn other words, the game is completely and totally unplayable.Not only that but it will continually harass you for logins at various stages of trying to enjoy the game. For example just trying to play the game without login in, even with it ruined by not saving and not being able to access online content, just trying to play the game without these features, I got harassed no less than 5 ♥♥♥♥ing times for logins at various stages of the menu process.♥♥♥♥ OFF. I HATE microsoft. I hate DRM. I don't agree to them selling my personal data to some♥♥♥♥♥♥♥in America, or some advertisement companies. And i particularly hate companies who think that customers owe them big time for some overpriced crap and terrible customer service somehow that they can move the goal posts from you playing the game to having to jump through hoops, essentially begging to have access for the thing you ♥♥♥♥ing paid for.Refund please. Also you can't leave a review if you've not ""played"" it for 5 minutes. Get ♥♥♥♥ed. I am idling this game's login screen for 5 minutes, JUST to leave a negative review. There should be laws against♥♥♥♥♥♥like this, there should be warnings when you buy the game warning you that the developers are a bunch of morbid ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s that require logins.People buy stuff on steam because it's a cool repository of software that they can hopefully access deep into their future. If those games and applications require logins that rely on 3rd party servers, then if at any point in the future they decide to take down those 3rd party servers (as microsoft has done no less than twice, prior to microsoft ""live"") then the game / software becomes unplayable. Or for example if the 3rd party company becomes bankrupt (looking at windows 10, that's a realistic possibility). In other words, you've paid for something that has a limited lifetime, determined by some beaucrat somewhere who probably doesn't give a ♥♥♥♥ about anything but wearing a nice suit and selling out everyone he can find to increase his salary. That's pretty♥♥♥♥♥♥ When people buy software, they implicitly believe they own a copy legally. If you start blurring the boundries between ownership and terms and conditions, you will only disappoint people, and people will understandably get very angry, esp if the time period expires for them to get a refund and the thing they thought they owned, they no longer do, because they require a login to a service that, for whatever reason, no longer exists.Don't tolerate games that require logins. Have some self respect. Demand a refund and go and play a cracked version without the ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t for free. I don't advocate illegal activity normally, but in this situation it's completely and totally justified. Companies like this are committing fraud. They are ""Selling"" a game, but after you purchase it, you find out they've put a login into it so they can take away the thing you own, at any point in the future at their desire. In my opinion, that's fraud, either you buy the software, in which case you own it, or you don't buy it then they own it. On a friday afternoon you want to just sit down get drunk and shoot a few zombies in the balls, but no. Scumbags have to go and ♥♥♥♥ it all up for you. Things like this aren't entertainment, they are a succinct synopsis of everything wrong with the world today. They want you to pay for their product, thinking you will own it, then when you've purchased it, they then want slither like cockroaches from under the carpet with ever changing terms and conditions that you inadvertantly clicked on, to retain the ability to take back your purchase as ""theirs"". What a cheek.Additionally i have been idling this game for 45 minutes in the background and steam is repeatedly saying i can't leave the review because i need to ""play"" another 2 minutes. It's been saying i need to play another 2 minutes for the last 45 minutes. Steam can ♥♥♥♥ off too. Respect your customers. They pay your bills, and they leave reviews, and they WILL boycott every. Single. ♥♥♥♥ing. Thing. You ever publish ever again. Because you betrayed my trust by trying to confidence trick me and sell me ownership of something I will never always have access to.And that's the crux really of ""intellectual property"" law. It's ""property"". How can it be property if you don't have access to it, because you're locked out of accessing it? If you bought a house and you were unable to get to the front door, would that be okay? In the UK there is a law for this, it's called a right of access to your property. It clearly states that is illegal to prevent someone from accessing their property. In other words, if someone buys the land around your house, it's ILLEGAL for them - even by negligence - to not provide a path, or road for you to get into your property. By putting a login there, through a 3rd party, you're essentially guaranteeing that in some point in the future you will NOT have access to your property. In my view this is totally ♥♥♥♥ing illegal. Just as denying someone access to their own house is illegal. DRM pretends that information is property (which i don't actually agree with btw) but when customers assume it's property and bite the bullet and purchase, companies bend the rules so it's not really property when it suits them, and makes out that it IS property when it does. This hypocrasy is wrong, both ethically and legally.I'm sorry, but as a concerned citizen here with an IQ higher than that of a ♥♥♥♥ing sandwich, stuff like this SERIOUSLY pisses me off - particularly when it masqurades as ""entertainment"".A♥♥♥♥♥♥game i can put up with, logins and subscriptions that aren't clearly labled as required in the video before you buy the game. Just no. Would you spend money on a game you have no guarantee you can use tomorrow? I don't think so. So now you see things the way I do.Thank you for my refund."
76561197988529637,Recommended,209100,23597377,"Posted: 16 June, 2016",all,Jokhah SuperiorServers.co,"Still laughing about how all these kids keep claiming this game doesn't work for windows 10.   Game works perfectly fine.  There are plenty of fixes for it, don't listen to the lazy.  I have windows 8.1, my friend has windows 10.  We both had the exact same issue (Black screen instant closing) which is related to Games for Windows Live.  We both had the issue fixed in 3 minutes, both got our keys registered, everything.  Stop being lazy.LINK TO FIX:  WILL FIX BLACK SCREEN AND INABILITY TO SAVE ISSUES FOR WIN 7, 8, AND 10!!!https://steamcommunity.com/app/209100/discussions/0/828937545790772394/Game plays smooth, doesn't look bad, and generally is the same as it was for console with a better system running it (my computer).  It's still a shorter game but still full of action and some degree of teamwork.  Zombies are still basically a non threat, the special forces are a nice change from the norm as they react well enough to keep you busy.Pros: 4 player co-opUnrestricted point spending (You can build points on one dude and spend them on another)Melee system was pretty sick in this oneSpeed shooting pistolCons: A bit easyShortNo longer worked onThis game had a ton of potential, could have made more missions for days.  I think the disappointment was they just let this one go.  Still a good game.BUG FOUND:  On the stage ""Redemption"" where you have to fight on an elevator, you must do that section solo.  In Co-op, players tend to fall through the elevator or out of bounds, as will the AI 90% of the time.  This is a game related bug and sadly without support from the game devs there is no known fix.Other than that one bug, the entire main game was played without issue, on both win 8.1 and win 10, saves and all.  This game works, but due to time and changes in coding, it requires a little ""assembly.""  If this game still had developement support, but they have released 3-4 titles since this game's release, you can't expect them to work on it forever.  Have patience and happy gaming."
76561198010743094,Recommended,209100,21556201,"Posted: 29 February, 2016",all,WatzGud,"ORC is one the games that have a 50/50 chance of you loving or hating it. I invested so much time with this game when it first came out on PS3, I pre-ordered it, got all the DLC, ect. Its a wonky third-person cover shooter, so if you want a mediocre game that you may like, its worth investing when its on sale.Though good luck, hell will probably freeze by the time another sale for this game happens.EDIT: Looks like hell froze over quickly."
76561198066971781,Not Recommended,209100,16638014,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,sketch_zeppelin_ag,ehhh its okay but not at full priceOperation Raccon City sees you playing a secial ops team of umbrealla commandos as they go through the streets of racoon city trying to recover info and elimnate various threats to the corp....at least in therory thats what its about.In practice what we have here is a squad shooter set in zombie over run city.  It plays kinda like left 4 dead but now you have classes each with there own gear and upgradable skills.  The game play is okay but the enemies are kind of boring.  you'll find your self dealing with the same kind of enemies for most of the game and your weapons feel like they lack impact. there are a few parts where you'll be placed in an arean with some kind of objective that will spice things up a bit but mostly its trecking from a to b shooting zombies and the ocasional licker.The story is crap.  None of the new characters are really that intresting and the end is horrible.There is some fun to be found in multiplayer but there are better games out there for this kind of thing.Basically this game is not worth full price.  If you can get it for cheap during a sell for like $10 or less then i'd say you'll get your moneys worth but not full price.
,Recommended,209100,32052467,Posted: 29 May,all,Robert,"Despite all of the hate it gets, I actually really enjoyed it, problems and all. Pretty fun on co-op, and the DLC missions are way better than the original story. Never touched versus and probably never will."
,Recommended,209100,8342095,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,Crowne 武神,"tl;dr: Recommended if it's on sale and you're a fan of the franchise. Avoid otherwise.This game doesn't really have huge issues that can be pointed out easily, just a whole lot of aspects which are either less than optimal, seemingly not very well thought out or just a few years behind in terms of game design.At its core it's an alright squad-based TPS, with each team member having a unique class with a bunch of different abilities, although none of them will have a significant impact on the way you play through the campaign.The campaign itself is, just like every other aspect of the game, not bad, but far from stellar. The story is merely there to give you a reason to continue shooting stuff, and apart from a few encounters with the classic cast it's not exactly noteworthy. It's also short: you can count on 3-4 hours for the main (umbrella) campaign and another 3-4 hours for the government (spec ops) campaign. This spec ops campaign is in fact one of my main gripes with the game, as I am under the impression this campaign was initially meant to be a part of the full release, yet was cut out for one reason or another (perhaps it wasn't finished yet?). The other DLC isn't worth having.While the (coop) campaign was seemingly the main focus of the game, there are also a number of versus modes available. These include the standard team deathmatch and the usual RE variations on that same gamemode, most of which aren't really worth playing. In addition, you'll have to put up with GFWL, p2p matchmaking and a small degree of auto aim which they forgot to patch out. Still, you can have some fun in versus, and I personally always found people to play with between 7-9 pm CET.Performance-wise it's not very well optimized, on my rig it actually runs worse than contemporary FPS's with all bells and whistles. The controls are a bit clunky in the beginning (could be better with a controller, haven't tried), but you get used to them. That said, I didn't encounter any bugs.To conclude I want to point out the almost lamentable level of mediocrity throughout the entire game. It's not bad, the issues aren't huge and if you enjoy the franchise you can certainly overcome them, yet nothing stands out as being good. Therefore, and because of the bad optimization and DLC campaign, I wouldn't recommend buying this unless it's on sale."
,Recommended,209100,7830966,"Posted: 29 November, 2013",all,Rodriguez1879,"Not exactly the crown jewel for the Resident Evil franchise, but I came in with an open mind and found myself to enjoy this title. As a third-person action shooter it is pretty solid in my opinion. The campaign was on the short side, but fun nonetheless. You have a very nice selection for a pretty big arsenal of weapons as well as interesting abilities for each character which specialize in a specific field such as your medic, support, and assault type character. Now, I did have a fun time with this title, but I am not blind to the bugs it possesses as well as pretty poor AI. I have never encountered any game breaking bugs, most were just minor nuisances such as getting stuck in some objects or something trivial like that. As for the AI, well, they're pretty dumb. Sometimes they don't move, or just fail to shoot. Not really much of a help, but sometimes they surprise you when you least expect it.  I honestly don't think it is a bad game. It has its problems, but so does every other game. If you want a fun third-person action shooter I'd recommend it. Not at its full price, however, but rather when it goes on sale. Just know it is not a perfect game, but still an enjoyable one. The DLC for this game adds a second campaign as well as more weapons which I recommend purchasing as well."
76561198156491437,Recommended,209100,28571011,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,⍖Satanist⍖,How to start the game:1 Remove app and opportunities following applications'Microsoft Games for Windows - Live Redistributable''Microsoft Games for Windows Marketplace'2 Download and installhttp://www.xbox.com/en-US/Live/PC/DownloadClientafter installing you may need to restart your PC. I personally only helped re-instal GFWL.3 In the properties of the game (look for where you put her Steam) set compatibility with Win7 and direct run as administrator.4 Finish.Click click click until the game is not only start.Start Racooncity.exe folder with the game.
,Not Recommended,209100,7809226,"Posted: 28 November, 2013",all,「東亜」ポプ子社長,"Many people state that this game is terrible. Well, is it? Do I agree with them?Yes, it is and yes, I do agree. This game....is almost like a joke. A bad joke that is. First, good things. The music is actually pretty amazing, especially the menu song, which is really good to listen to. And I liked the fact that you actually can get infected by zombies, so in order to cure yourself, you need to drink some purple drink. And I liked the fact that you can play with 3 other people. I guess this miserable game is a little bit more enjoyable if you played it with friends.And now onto the issues. optimization. HORRIBLE. This is like one of the worst PC ports I have ever seen. What were they thinking? It is jerky as hell sometimes, even though I am running the game on a medium quality resolution + low settings (I am not the only one complaining, many have reported the same thing on Metacritic). They obviously screwed up big time on the optimization process. Who made this? Amateurs? And my goodness.....the control is terrible. Basically those zombies swarm in, and a bunch of soldiers try to kill you, basically you are sandwitched and required for you to act fast, but the damn control is so bad, I had a hard time aiming and I don't even know if I am even actually damaging the enemy or not, as they are like sponges. I mean, fix the damn control, or do something about that messed up level. You can't even run right past your friends or zombies if they are blocking your way, when you SHOULD be running like crazy otherwise you will die, and this is just irritating as hell. And what's up with the gun shot sounds? Are those toy guns?And this game only has like what, 7 missions? That's it. Way too short, and I only finished 4 of them and did not bother with the rest as it is just irritatingly annoying. The very concept was good, when I heard about playing as the members of Umbrella and fighting against the main characters of Resident Evil like Leon, I thought this game would be an amazing one. In fact, the voice acting is pretty good in this game, and only if the story was as good as it was meant to be, then I may not criticize this much, but pretty much, the voice acting and the music are the only things that I can praise them for. My goodness, Capcom really screwed this one up heavily. I would rather play Ride to Hell: Retribution than to play this, because at least Ride to Hell is actually well optimized, and is still an enjoyable TPS game. But this? is trash.3.8 out of 10"
,Recommended,209100,9785228,"Posted: 11 April, 2014",all,Morgan Mack,Doesn't deserve as much hate as others have giving it... It certainly is not anywhere near as good as many of the other Resident  Evil games. It does have it's problems with enemies taking an unrealistic ammount of damage and the aiming is a bit off. However if you play this with a friend as I did you may find it a bit more enjoyable.
,Not Recommended,209100,22022420,"Posted: 24 March, 2016",all,WλR HOG 419,DOES NOT WORK WITH WINDOWS 10 or even in compatibility mode. DO NOT BUY!!! It also uses games for windows live that no longer exists!!  It should be illegal to sell this game with out that disclaimer!!
76561198117963897,Not Recommended,209100,32751825,Posted: 24 June,all,BigBlackDingus,"I liked the concept... but that's about it.I only have 2hrs in this game, but that was enough to refund it and make a reveiw.Gameplay is repetitive(even 2hrs in) and controls feel disgusting(even with a contoller).The game is not stable. Certain areas cause HUGE fps drops(no matter your PC specs).The Window LIVE system is dated and f**king annoying.Even though this game is bad...it is a lot better than Umbrella Corps."
,Not Recommended,209100,28502116,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,Zhylaw,"This game is literally broken as is. It should not even be for sale! Selling it in current conidtion is basically fraud. It requires GFWL, which no longer exists. If you do some fancy hoop jumping you can get it to ""work"" but it requires installing a quasi functional GFWL copy which must stay installed. You have to create a bogus profile and sign in to ""GFWL"" in order to save. I had hoped the GFWL component was optional, or could be disabled like in "" Fallout 3 GOTY"" because how else could steam continue to sell it right? WRONG!"
,Not Recommended,209100,22619100,"Posted: 24 April, 2016",all,Gadzooks,"Screw this game. Its total junk.1. It uses Games for Windows Live, good luck if its even up and running2. Its an awful console port, with very frew pc options or improvements3. It worked the first time I tried it, now it wont load AT ALL.It should be illegal to sell games that have GFWL. Going to try to get a refund because it wont even let me play.Yes, ive uninstalled GFWL and installed the latest version. No luck. Yes, Ive set compatability mode and run as admin (this actually causes the exe to crash when i run it, rather than just nothing happening at all like it was normally doing).The Bulletstorm fix ONLY works if you wanna play single player, so that is NOT a viable solution. This game is meant to be played online with others (but judging from the number of people who cant even run the game, finding someone to play with is probably an issue too).This is the last Capcom game I will buy until they stop doing cheap, broken, PC ports. Its clear they simply dont care about PC."
,Recommended,209100,23608412,"Posted: 16 June, 2016",all,MandalorianScum,"An unexpected gem really, i love the idea of playing as the bad guys. And not some big picture, take over the world guys either, just realistic and professional operatives all there (well besides money) for their own reasons. Love the guns, the 3 way combat between you, other humans, and zombies can get interesting and is pretty awesome. Missions are generic, but working with the team and the combat is enough for me to not give a♥♥♥♥♥♥  Spectre is my favorite, he's basically a russian Third/Fourth Echoleon agent (even though there is already a Russian counterpart organization in that universe, I just don't remember it's name), it can be hard as♥♥♥♥♥♥though, like not a deep thought rts or dark souls level hard, theres just so many things on the sceen to kill you sometimes, you just kinda die. 10/10 would randomly purchase again."
,Not Recommended,209100,23097290,"Posted: 20 May, 2016",all,kinetic,"could have been a really good game, but its just another game unpolished and released too early. Seems like a bad PSP game"
,Recommended,209100,25092555,"Posted: 23 August, 2016",all,Mr.Shlong,I'll follow other reviews but in the opposite key.I like this game because it works for me. Totally recommend.
,Not Recommended,209100,8970408,"Posted: 3 February, 2014",all,Attckcat,"Could have been so much better.It started out fun, but the performance is terrible for most people, and as a result, the MP is pretty much dead.The game was stuttering, pausing, and using so much CPU that my mouse would randomly shut off, making it even more infuriating in tense moments.I got this at 75% off and I'm starting to think even that was too much.Combine that with embedded GFWL (which is getting shut down) and no plans to remove it scream ""STAY AWAY!"""
,Recommended,209100,33706707,Posted: 21 July,all,[DGR]Nero_Hunter,Nice gameBut dead:|
,Not Recommended,209100,27339801,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,IronEleven,"Game's too short, the controls are clunky, especially mouse acceleration that can't be turned off, and apparently there's GFWL problems now."
76561198068182835,Recommended,209100,34203354,Posted: 12 August,all,wolfwood444 vel Bazi,"A perfect love letter for Resident Evil (the ones set in Raccon City) fans!!!I am such a fan, I finished Resident Evil 1-3 like dozens of times, so due to those countless hours sunk into those games I feel I have an authority to judge this curious instalment in RE saga.First and foremost... THIS IS NOT ANOTHER CANON RESIDENT EVIL GAME! Get it into your thick skulls you crazy purists!This is a cooperative action game set in the Resident Evil universe. You can say this game is LEFT 4 DEAD: RESIDENT EVIL EDITION as the game is very similar in many core aspect of the gameplay:- 4-player coop (bots are available and fill in empty slots)- you progress through map by doing objectives- you got 1 main weapon (shotgun, assault rifles, sinper rifles, SMGs, light machine guns) and 1 sidearms (all kinds of pistols)- you fight zombies and many other special infected- if you get down, other players must revive youOf course it is not a complete 100% L4D copy! There are differences, the only big one being Third Person Perspective opposed to first person perspective in L4D. Some other diferrences that make the game even better then L4D:- characters in game have different skills and abilities, you gain experience to level up your chatacter- you can choose a gun when you start the map- aside from monster enemies, you alos fight armed human enemies- every time you get hit by zombie/monsters there is a chance you will get infected, if you wont cure the infection before your health runs out, you will become a raging zombie that will viciously attack your companionsBut like I said before, there are so many main aspects of the game that are in common with L4D, you should treat it as this kind of game and not a typical RE game.But that dosent mean it cannot be a survival horror!!! Just switch to the hardest difficulty and enjoy a true survival horror where you must use ammunition, gernades and health items wisely if you want to survive.That is what this game is, and it is briliant. You can feel that people who created this game loved the Resident Evil games. There are so many details, some bigger and some smaller, that are directly showing this love to the original RE. Calling this game a spin-off would be too much as events in this game are completely different when it comes to some important parts. So I would call it an alternative reality in RE canon, where the events of Raccoon City outbreak occur as they did, but the military and Umbrellas private army had bigger roles in this event.There are two sides, the BAD, being Umbrella corps, ruthless guns for hire that do the dirty work and cover up Umbrellas involvement in the incident and the GOOD, being special military unit Echo-6, whose mission is to uncover evidence of Umbrellas fault.During missons you encounter characters from original RE. As the good guys you help Jill and Carlos fight Nemezis or you help Sherry when she gets separated from Claire in the sewers, you also accompany Claire while she is looking for Sherry. As the bad guys you accompany Hunk as he is about to steal T-Virus from doctor Birkin and you escape Umbrella labs being chased by his mutated version. You encounter Nicolai from RE3 and you chase down Ada Wong only to receive later on an order to... assasinate LEON KENNEDY!So like I said this a perfect love letter to RE games and it should be treated like that, it is not canon, it is a 'what if' version of events. And as huge RE fan I love it and I think creators did a wonderfull job.There are plenty of guns in the game, and also every member of the team have different abilities that they can use.There are also many (if not all) iconic monsters from RE 1-3. You have standard zombies, zombie dogs, but also Lurkers and even TYRANT! And of course that is not all.Being able to play up to 4 players and cooperatively playing the missions is a great fun, honestly I liked it even more then Left 4 Dead.But there is bitter taste in all this tastefull cake... the game has horrible performance, no matter how good PC you have it will still run like sh*t most of the times, it is not unplayable but it is certainly a pain to play very often. The controls are also not very good when it comes to PC standards so many people can have issue with that but I, myself got used to them and they didnt bother me very much after some time.If only Capcom had invested into getting the game more optimized and removed the GFWL service and replaced it with Steamworks, it would be a perfect game. So sad that they abandoned this game cause it could've been a great game and I would look so much forward to a sequel set in the newer RE games' universe."
,Not Recommended,209100,30695943,Posted: 23 March,all,Bucket,"Game will crash immediately on launch, this is just disappointing. I have yet to find any way to fix this, if anyone would point me in the right direction it'd be much appreciated."
76561198050520926,Recommended,209100,30711268,Posted: 24 March,all,~~TSK~~CryptZar,Great game but Microsoft Games for Windows is just s***t and now you cant play it anymore.Thanks.20:41 24.03.2017TSK CryptZar
,Not Recommended,209100,22016120,"Posted: 23 March, 2016",all,Manest,"The game doesn't even work. Games for windows live is broken, I've tried logging in 50 times now and nothing works. I can log into my account on the xbox webpage but it doesn't work in this f*cking game. F*ck you steame you pieces of sh*t.REFUND!"
,Recommended,209100,10227619,"Posted: 25 May, 2014",all,Zackhammer,"This game has been globally slammed as average at best. I however disagree with this.Being a long term Resident Evil fan. (Since it started) This game however different from the original elemnts which made the games great is actually very enjoyable.In my opinion (Yes, we all have one, just like A-Holes and they all stink) is that it all went downhill after Resident Evil 4.It lost it's horror feel, desperation of a lack of ammunition and a situation that could not be controlled or won; just escaped.(Especially in Nemesis)Anyway, back on track.Graphics are enjoyable.Fun gameplay.Plenty of weapons.Unique charachters.Team based action.Familiar fun locations you've always wanted to explore openly.YOU GET TO BE ON THE OTHER SIDE! Clean-up crew anyone!?Anyway, it's not ever going to be the next L4D but it's an enjoyable game which is replayable.Nothing is ever perfect, but for me this is more of a traditional RE game by some standards, inventive with others which makes it quite an interesting combination of old and new."
76561198094395797,Not Recommended,209100,21996157,"Posted: 22 March, 2016",all,demonlord1899,"This is a fairly good game, but because of ""Games For Windows Live"", or GFWL, this game is near unplayable. Honestly, save your money, time, and effort, for something better. If you heart is really set on this game, then get it during a huge sale and be ready for quite a bit of stress from dealing with the GFWL bs."
,Not Recommended,209100,22000744,"Posted: 23 March, 2016",all,Meekay,"only launched the first time, wont run now, dont buy, EDIT: ok so 2017 is here and the game is still broken, wont open at all, why is installing and run from desktop not a thing still ? when i did play it i enjoyed it for what it was, but it just WONT open"
,Not Recommended,209100,7783802,"Posted: 27 November, 2013",all,Siduakal,"I am a huge zombie junky, which originally made me get into Resident Evil.  I've played every game in the series, enjoying myself singleplayer and coop.That was, until this game.   The flaws are huge and hard to overcome.First, you have to deal with Games for Windows Live.  The worst thing in PC gaming.  You also have a ridiculously short game that just doesn't feel like you got your moneys worth out of it.They've patched a lot of the issues, but those two are massive and hard to get past.  There's just not a lot of play time to be had."
,Not Recommended,209100,12737495,"Posted: 1 November, 2014",all,Cla The Ninja,"I want to like this game. I really do. When you're actually fighting zombies and monsters, the game is awesome and has that intense Left 4 Dead vibe going on.The problem is that this game insists upon being Gears Of War 90% of the time. I don't play Resident Evil to duck behind cover and get into gun fights with random soldiers. When I want to do that, I'll play Call Of Duty or Gears Of War. When I play Resident Evil, it's because I want to shoot zombies and the like. This game would be really awesome if there was an option to remove the random gun toting soldiers. They bring nothing good to the gameplay. It's not fun. It's not cool. They're just annoying and force you to play the game in a way that makes it feel nothing like Resident Evil or Left 4 Dead.When you're just running and gunning and mowing down zombies, the game is quite enjoyable. But those moments are rare since the game insists upon throwing soldiers at you every other minute.I can't even bring myself to finish the game. If the encounters with soldiers were a very rare thing, I could get over that. But the fact that they are a constant part of the game is really really really killing the buzz."
76561198026071725,Recommended,209100,32757433,Posted: 24 June,all,The_Trainee,"Resident Evil: Operation Raccoon City Isnt a traditional Resident Evil game its still a fun game especially with friends in co-op.The game playes pretty well and there are a few classes to choose from so thats always nice, lots of weapons and some collectables too.Pro+ Multiple Classes+ Lots of weapons+ Aditional difficulties+ Dialog from Resident Evil 2 is redone word for wordCon- Windows Live"
,Recommended,209100,21327947,"Posted: 19 February, 2016",all,FordMondeoMan,I have been playing this all the way back when I had it on Xbox 360 now I am getting in to PC gaming a lot more I wanted to play this classic.Bad News if you are Windows 8/10 Owner it won't work straight away if you have already got GFWL thats games for windows live you need to completley wipe it off and download it again from this linkhttp://www.xbox.com/en-gb/Live/PC/DownloadClientThe Good news is once you have done this REORC will work flawless or if you are still running Windows 7 well you won't have a problem making this gem work.Happy Gaming
76561198043053799,Recommended,209100,25033876,"Posted: 20 August, 2016",all,holychair,"First of all I have to tell you that I’m here for the single player campaign. I hear multiplayer is dead, but what do I know - If you’re into  multiplayer, you should look up other reviews.I bought this game just a couple of days ago because I was desperate enough for *any* new Resident Evil fix, and this – apart from Umbrella Corps – was the only available game in the franchise I didn’t already own. Like many other Resident Evil fans, I skipped ORC back when it came out due to the dismal reviews and utter hate it got.Well, I got to say I was pleasantly surprised. Yes, ORC has some issues, but they are nowhere near as severe as reviewers made them out to be. Whether you will like the game will obviously depend on certain things, though, so in the following I will address some questions pertinent to your decision to buy it or not:“It does need GFWL?”Yes, it does, and there’s no way around it for offline play will not allow you to save. I had to retrieve my long forgotten GFWL-password to get the game registered and running, but once I did, the only hassle remaining was to enter the password every time I fire up the game. You can also save it to disk and log in automatically, but I personally don’t like that. Anyway: Apart from you having to log in, GFWL does not interfere with the game or its performance in any way. (Edit: In the community guides section I found there's a guide detailing how to play offline with the ability to save, and also one for setting up GFWL for Win 10. I didn't try it, though.)“People say it performs bad and is buggy!”I for one can’t confirm this at all. It runs fine for me, no crashes, no freezing, no lag, no hitches, no stutter – if you have a rig that can play other AAA titles from 2012 you should be fine. As regards  OS, I have Win 7. The game should also work fine with Win 8. As with most games (for the time being), some people report problems with Win 10, but nothing unfixable (see/search the forum and the community guides).“People say controls are extremely clunky!”There’s some truth to that, but it’s nowhere near as bad as the word “clunky” sounds. Sometimes if you want to pick up or interact with something, the game already displays the prompt, but if you press the button nothing happens because you’re still not positioned correctly yet. Sometimes, if certain things to pick up or interact with are within the same space, it is a bit finicky to get the right prompt – like you want to revive a team-mate, but the game offers you to let you pick up some gun at the same spot.Regarding the fighting, precise aiming with a 360 controller is indeed a bit clunky: Regardless of the sensitivity setting in the options, adjusting my aim tends to overshoot a bit, and so headshots are more difficult than they should be. I don't know how mouse controls fare in this respect. Anyway, it's not so bad as to be frustrating, but it could be alot better. (Edit: I now found it's much better with minimum sensitivity.)Then there’s some issue with the cover: Sometimes when you want to shoot from cover, you clearly have the crosshair on the enemy, but the game nevertheless computes that there's no direct line of fire. This most often happens with the sniper rifle. Also, the devs obviously wanted getting into cover to feel “natural”, meaning you just have to run against a wall or a chest and the character will get into cover automatically without you having to press a button. Thing is that this doesn’t work too reliably and so I wish they’d rather had us pressing a button to get into and out of “sticky cover”. But then again, cover is not as important in this game as you’d think (look below).“People say it’s a multiplayer game, the campaign is just a few bland, tacked-on missions!”I can’t confirm that at all, I only play single player games and actually found the campaign to be great (see also next question). There’s also an additional single player story campaign from the viewpoint of an US Spec Ops team that came via DLC. I liked that one even better. (It is more difficult because you have checkpoints, but cannot save within a mission. It shares a few places with the main campaign, but also features totally new maps and an incredibly cool endboss.)“People say it’s no Resident Evil game, but a generic cover shooter!”Well, it’s not survival horror for sure, but it’s not just a run-of-the-mill cover shooter either. First thing of note is that the events of the game happen during the Raccoon City incident. So we get a lot of locations from Resident Evil 2/3 – umbrella labs, police station, city streets, city hall, clock tower. Making your way through Raccoon City during the night provides great atmosphere, I gotta say I really loved that! We got episodes tying in with the events around Hunk, Leon, Claire, Ada, Jill (in a DLC episode), Nemesis etc – having all these cameos is really cool too. The story even has two possible endings depending on which side you ultimately take. As enemies, we also get all the most important BOWs from that time: Zombies, crimson heads, dogs, hunters, lickers, tyrants – even William Birkin and Nemesis. It’s not true that these take a backseat to fighting human military (like Spec Ops), I actually think it’s all very evenly balanced.Because of the monsters, the fighting is different from other cover shooters as you most often simply can’t and won’t stay in cover when you’re fighting BOWs (or a mix of BOWs and humans). Maybe the closest comparable gameplay is Chris’ campaign from Resident Evil 6 (but in a setting comparable to Leon’s campaign), so if you liked that you should have fun here too.One thing I didn’t care for much is that enemies almost always spawn by way of “jump scare”-ambush with all hell breaking loose until everyone is down. Another thing I didn’t like much is that in some sections enemies spawn indefinitely until you get some generators running, buttons pressed etc. I found that the only efficient way of dealing with these sections is to almost ignore the enemies and simply run to all the places where you have to do stuff.You don’t fight alone, but are one of a team of four. Too bad that you can’t give commands to your team members, I would have appreciated that. But you can play any character you want from the rooster and they are all different because they all have their specific upgrades (which you buy with xp-points between missions): There is the “Tank”, the “Ninja”, the “Medic”, the “Demolition Man” etc.“People say the team-AI is so bad that even on casual difficulty you can only beat the campaign in co-op!”Not true at all. Some typical AI-silliness notwithstanding, I found the team-mates competent enough. What is true, though, is that the difficulty scaling is different from RE5/6. I beat it on “normal” on my first run and it felt like “veteran” in other RE games. So you should have no qualms trying out “casual”, especially if you’re not used to squad-based third person shooters. But the game gets a lot easier once you begin to unlock all the good stuff (which you can keep) and so the upped difficulty is actually a good thing as this means that there’s still at least some challenge left when the campaign is replayed.So that’s all I can come up with for now. ORC has some issues, but it’s still a good game for the right type of gamer. Let’s say you liked RE5 and RE6 and also like to play squad based TP cover shooters – then you should definitely give it a try when it’s on sale. I payed about 8 bucks for the whole package (all DLC included) and consider this a very fair price – in hindsight I would have been willing to pay up until 15-19 bucks for the package."
76561198260906237,Not Recommended,209100,26438229,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,DC,Great game!  the bad thing is the microsoft live account you need for save progress
76561198059791889,Not Recommended,209100,30889151,Posted: 1 April,all,Lordjoro,Windows live
76561198028348596,Not Recommended,209100,25002907,"Posted: 18 August, 2016",all,sargered92,If it ever ran I might like it.
,Not Recommended,209100,28496047,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,Stelio,"The game was fun when it was playable, but now it doesn't work. It will not work unless you get extremely, EXTREMELY lucky, or if you're able to configure the software yourself."
,Recommended,209100,33674812,Posted: 20 July,all,KidneyShanker,For all the hate this game gets I still love playing it. It was a change in gameplay when it first came out and I think thats what really threw everyone off. Like any other resident evil game I play it will never get old and is always fun to play. The downside is not many play online anymore and you end up with stupid npcs making stupid moves and getting killed. I got this game again when it was on sale and its worth the price then however I would not pay $29.99 for it. Overall a cool idea and online multiplayer is fun (when someone else joins your team) But you will always have haters who think their game play styles should matter most over others opinions. I just wish it had more story to it with maybe some new DL content. I'd recommend this game when it's on sale and actaully put some time in before judging it you'll be suprised of how addictive it gets.
76561198142799112,Recommended,209100,17401162,"Posted: 5 August, 2015",all,(ZAMM) alreadydead,"Not sure why this game gets so much hate, yes you have to make a windows live account and stuff which takes like a half an hour but once you are able to play the game it makes it so worth, the game play is amazing and its never boring because youre always being attacked by somthing and i love that you can choose your loadout of weapons and abilitys it just makes it all the more better"
,Recommended,209100,23763042,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,Hyperchaotic,"Well, it's not bad. I don't have any problems with GWFL (I don't know why) and I don't like linear style of gameplay. But still it's a pretty nice shooter for the fans of RE."
,Not Recommended,209100,28859833,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,Romero,"This is ♥♥♥♥ing awful. I've played all the Resident Evil titles, and this game is ♥♥♥♥ing garbage.Some parts of the game are ♥♥♥♥ing glitched and you can't go anywhere so you forcibly have to restart from the checkpoint, and if you're playing online you have to leave the lobby and rejoin it all over again and do it.The ♥♥♥♥ing enemies shoot you from weird♥♥♥♥♥areas and do massive damage, and you can't shoot them through a crack that they can shoot you through.This game is used as torture for terrorists. Don't buy this."
76561198004388443,Recommended,209100,14786431,"Posted: 7 March, 2015",all,rikster,"This was a tough third person shooter game. I played all of the single player maps (including the DLC maps), and I must say; this game is very different from other Resident Evil titles - it is overwhelmingly and predominately a shooter game! Unfortunately, there were several in game negatives to contend with as well. First of all, it seemed as though the weapons were entirely too 'nurfed' - most of the time, it was necessary to shoot the enemies multiple times. Also, the 'tag-a-long' AI controlled comrades, were frequently in the way or under foot. With that said, I nevertheless did enjoy this game. If you like a challenging third person shooter, then this game is for you."
,Not Recommended,209100,22031268,"Posted: 24 March, 2016",all,Scribbletist,"Remember when you could play games without garbage DRM runining everything? Boy oh boy were those good times. I've spent four hours trying to get this game to sign in to Games for Windows Live. At this point if I don't get the refund, I won't care. I'll just keep this review up. Maybe educate some other people looking to play this from buying it. Nobody deserves money from their customers if this is how they treat them.Grade - F0/10GFWL is either evidence of god not existing or just not caring."
76561198204577853,Recommended,209100,19865082,"Posted: 22 December, 2015",all,vonstrucker22,I bought this game with out it being on sale even though lots of people said i should but i didnt want to wait. Every time i read a comment it said it wasnt worth it but in my oppinion it was and it has hours of content. Granted you have to fiddle with windows for a bit but it's well worth it.
,Not Recommended,209100,22025947,"Posted: 24 March, 2016",all,Counter-Life™,"Time for a not so serious review.I played this game for 30 minutes, before I could even start I had to download the latest GFWL client manually since the game would crash on startup otherwise.Gameplay is extremely generic. You take cover, fire your guns with no recoil, but absurd spread instead and shoot down tons of worthless AI opponents. The AI is horrible, a group of ""special forces"" will just stand at the same spot the whole time, waiting for you to slaughter them. In fact, at some point I just entered the options menu while I took cover and dinked around with my keyboard and mouse settings for a few minutes. When I came back the enemies still stood at the same position and didn't even attempt to charge at me. Same for the friendly AI, HUNK just mindlessly ran into enemies and knifed a group of these ""special forces"" guys, talk about plot armor.Everything in this game basically screamed ""refund me!""Also, did I mention it requires GFWL?"
,Recommended,209100,31224506,Posted: 18 April,all,Visigoth,"Okay I'll be as honest as a RE fan can be: it's clumsy when it comes to certain things but I LOVED IT.... and I won't be ashamed to admit that I loved it MORE than RE6!! First thing first I'm not a fan of the RE who took the action/shooter as main style of game BUT I'm a RE fan that feels the need to play all the game despite the review and the style of them and then at least it feels fair to judge them :PI bought this game thinking ""Meh, it's going to be boring"" BUT I actually liked it a lot for the atmosphere and the whole meeting thing with the main characters from the first RE games. The location are spot on!! I just love how you can see Raccoon City from a total differen point of view and it looks amazing.I highly reccomend to buy this game on sale but you won't regret it either! :)I do not use Windows 10 so I didn't encounter any of the issues which are known to the community. With Windows 7 it ran smoothly ...at least playing as SINGLE player in a PRIVATE campaign. :)"
,Recommended,209100,11985019,"Posted: 5 September, 2014",all,Kounsel,A lot better than most shooters these days. Just wish the mutiplayer community was more active for matches.
,Not Recommended,209100,28514465,"Posted: 21 December, 2016",all,Smelly 'Ol Dave,"The game is fun, but buggy and you have to through a lot of GFWL hassle (games for windows live).Sadly, while what is there is pretty decent and alot of fun with a couple of friends, the game feels like it was cut short of what it was supposed to be. Just when you think the story of the game is actually starting, the game is actually near its end.Overall I would give this game a 4/10. Worth picking up on a incredibly discounted sale, and if you have some friends to play it with, and if you can be bothered with GFWL issues. Otherwise no.EDIT: While the game says I have 7 hours played, probably 2 of those were just spent trying to get the game to work."
,Not Recommended,209100,8018258,"Posted: 12 December, 2013",all,Wak,"Been a fan of the RE series since its arrival on the PS1, this game takes absolutely nothing from that, and actually tries to re-write parts of the story of RE2, depending on the choice you make, because all games must have a choice sysytem at some point, mustn't they???Well, plot contradictions aside, this is very little like any previous RE title, it's a lot more like a generic 3rd person shooter, survival horror vanished from the series upon RE4, and ever since, we've been edging closer and closer to this, a poor rip off of gears of war, or any other cover based 3rd person shooterI can find no reason at all to recomment this game to anybody, the script is terrible, the characters utterly unlikable and unrelated to RE in any way, you play the part of 1 of 4 members of whatever the hell merc team you're part of [a team of which there are 5 or 6 members, quite why only 4 are ever in the game at any one time is never mentioned] working for umbrella, they look like the cast from the clive barker jericho game, but are less like-able [somehow] and look nothing like the unbrella special forces from the original series, obviously to add individuality to them, but this spin off game is utterly unrequired, and just a cash in on a series long past it's bestLike i said at the beginning, i have been a fan since the start of it all [actually, it was ore-release as soon as i saw a preview of the game] Capcom have systematically destroyed any faith i had in the game series, or indeed them as a developer or publisher...there is absoltely no point to this game, it adds nothing to the story, and is just a way for them to rip off fans, by lying in all the hype for the game, not quite as bad as gearbox did with colonial marines, but they lied all the sameDO NOT BUY THIS GAME, regardless of the price, it's not worth it...and also, this game uses GFWL, which closes on July 1 2014, and capcom have yet to mention if they are going to patch it to steamworks, or just laugh at us who bought it, because they've already had their money out of usOh, and i forgot ot mention the terrible placing of certain checkpoints, mission based gameas 4 & 5 so no manual saving...sometimes a cutscene will play, then instantly dump you into a gun fight - as it did to me earlier, before i even managed to get my character to behave and take cover with the broken cover mechanic, he was dead, this is a maxed out character on casual as i was rounding up collectibles.....then i move onto the mediocre graphics [and i mean mediocre for the consoles this game was made for, not just PC]...which, having said that, i've already said enoughthe only thing i can't comment on is multiplayer, as i avoided it, the game was terrible, and RE5's multiplayer was terrible, why would this MP, which has the exact modes of RE5 be any different, other than being on a format nobody plays on so impossible to get a game or when you do, it's against a cheaterCurrent rating 35%, and unless GFWL is patched out before it closes, that will drop to 0% as you will no longer be able to play the game without cracking it, which i won't go into for dubious legal reasons - GTFO Capcom, go back to making ""new"" versions of street fighter 4"
,Recommended,209100,7880555,"Posted: 2 December, 2013",all,Pip Boy Roy,"This is the final trip to Raccoon City and this time it is to destroy whatever stands between you and the truth. The city looks beautiful in full 1080p as you are fighting for your life. You have all your standard Resident Evil universe enimies along with a few new for this time period. Character models are a bit off, story is mostly not canon and voice acting is average at best. Not like your traditional Resident Evil this is all about shooting up everything that you can and each character has different perks wich gives it a new twist. Game is all about co-op through campaign and multiplayer. Experience can be underwhelming if you go it alone. For the soundtrack you have some remastered resident evil tracks along with some new ones. If you have an itch for a unique 3rd person shooter with teamwork or want to take one last haul in to Raccoon city I suggest you give this games a try!Console Score 6.75/10Final Score:   8.0/10"
,Not Recommended,209100,30347857,Posted: 5 March,all,DD,"First, it has GFWL, which is crap, there's a workaround that but even so, it's a nuissance from the start, second, it's one of those games where the gameplay suffers if you try to go singleplayer, and since this game has poor popularity...yeah, you get the picture. Story it's not bad, and sadly there's no exploration, just going from point A to point B, shoot the place up, proceed to point C, shoot the place up, rinse, repeat. Boring gemeplay.Rather extract an organ."
76561198008883608,Not Recommended,209100,22048762,"Posted: 25 March, 2016",all,Ygg,"This game ♥♥♥♥ing suck. DO NOT BUY THIS ♥♥♥♥ING GAME!! This is a game for Windows live which means it is ♥♥♥♥ing worthless and has so many problems... I don't understand how valve can have it on the market, this should be fixed before they can sell it.  WTF!!!"
,Recommended,209100,34388030,Posted: 20 August,all,Sir Noot,Fun if you have friends.
76561198219513947,Not Recommended,209100,30729275,Posted: 25 March,all,fatal_cookie,i loved this game for ps3 so i bought it on steam (i have windows 10) was excited to play doesnt work at all tried to find a work around now it requires gold membership this is just garbage ♥♥♥♥ing trash wasted money wasted time just a complete waste
76561198075200423,Not Recommended,209100,22076299,"Posted: 26 March, 2016",all,Yuds,If you enjoy shooting spongy bullets and your enemys hitting like a truck then this game is for you never in my life have I had to use a full ammo clip on a dudes head on the easiest difficulty and having to reload because all you did was tickled his head
76561198002605506,Recommended,209100,23909164,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,I Am The Law 316,"You know, I was ready to hate this game. I liked Revelations, but I really didn't like 5 or 6. Well, over time 5 got better but 6 is still pretty bad.ANYWAY.This game is basically a generic squad shooter with Resident Evil flavor. And for reasons quite beyond my understanding, I'm really, really enjoying it. I'm only a few hours in but there are interesting mechanics (bleeding mechanics attracting zombies!) and honestly, I've had a very good time.If you're looking for Survival Horror, this is not for you.If you're looking for RE 4, 5, 6 gameplay, this is not for you.If you're looking for a flawed but pretty good third-person shooter with Resident Evil flavor, this is very fun."
,Recommended,209100,20800457,"Posted: 27 January, 2016",all,Coil_Whine,"A decent cover shooter marred by GFWL (which works... i guess) and ♥♥♥♥♥♥ AI. I'm a sucker for anything  Resident Evil so the plot interested me,was fun"
,Recommended,209100,23907019,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,ProReborn,"RESIDENT EVIL OPERATION RACCOON CITY--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------This game is NOT for casual players who want to just ""get into"" the Resident Evil story. This game is more of a fan service to people who already understand the franchise. Let me explain something, this game is good fun on normal. The game is filled with bugs and enemies can become annoying. The game is best played with a contoller, and is best purchased WITH the DLC.NOTE: This can CAN run on Windows 7, 8.1 AND 10. There are multiple ways to UPDATE windows live. The game runs decent for my rig but I can say its a mediocre port at best. The game itself is nothing special besides average. The online aspect isn't there since the community for it is basically gone. The music is decent and the story contradicts that of the real Resident Evil story.It's a fun twist full of easter eggs for the hardcore fans.Expect to play it alone, and expect to only get 7-10 hours of pure entertainment. In a realistic aspect, it's about 5 hours of ""wow, this is playable"" then after that becomes repetitive.I'm giving this a RECCOMEND, BUT ONLY FOR PLAYERS OF THE FRANCHISE. The game is just too confusing without the proper understanding of the lore.6/10 Average GameBugs Are Often (Nemesis just DISAPPEARED in a fight)Annoying Infected System (Why do my teammates become zombies, get blown to bits, then I can magically revive them? Umbrella medicine is either FAR more advanced than anyone anticipated or these soliders are not human)Story Branches With RE And Provides Lore, But Can Contridict The Actual Events Of Raccoon CityAlso, why the hell can Vector turn invisible? Where was this in Resident Evil 2-3?Regardless of ALL the things I listed, the game isn't as bad as all these reviewers make it look. It's actually quite enjoyable at times."
,Not Recommended,209100,14547131,"Posted: 19 February, 2015",all,LtPliers,"Game's campaign was entertaining up till the last level where you have to use the very badly designed bleed mechanic to get zombies to break through a barrier covered by spec ops. Not only is the bleed mechanic unreliable, but the zombies never stop spawning and would rather attack your team than the spec ops. It's a very flawed mission and pretty much is designed to draw out a very short game by leaving you frustrated and constantly wanting to beat the mission when you aren't equipped to bleed enemies. The game's potential is there but the execution is lackluster and whomever deisgned the bleed mechanic of the game should be fired from Capcom immediately.As far as multiplayer goes, it's alright but not very engaging or fun. It's a tacked on multiplayer how it feels and how it was developed. The game is pretty much the co-op experience of the campaign with a tacked on multiplayer but neither seems to be very well developed or thought out as you're constantly running out of ammo from weak guns for the second half of the game.Unless you get this game for extremely cheap (less than 5 dollars) you're better off spending it on a game with more replayability and a better story (if it has a campaign)."
76561198045331529,Recommended,209100,10821409,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,The Snake Guy,"Personally, I enjoyed and still enjoy playing this game. The only problem I ever had was the graphic settings (color banding). But after some setting changes, this was no longer a problem. Though many say the AI was not the best , it never really gets in the way.Many reviews will have you believe the controlling is annoying. This is not so. By the end of the first level I knew what to do. Trust me, it's not Sonic and the Secret Rings.A feature I really enjoyed was each character's special ability. From stuffing a grenade into a zombie's mouth to actually turning a B.O.W. into an ally, this game gives you a wide variety of techniques for eliminating any enemy.However, this game is quite short and the DLC is a bit pricey. That is why I would only recommend buying this game when it is on sale."
,Not Recommended,209100,9040452,"Posted: 9 February, 2014",all,Vitamin ω «Expired Tomato»,"Sometimes people tell you a game is bad, but it's still worth a shot because maybe there's something goofy or endearing about the whole experience. While the game could be mechanically bad, it has a B-movie charm that keeps you going.There's nothing of the sort in Resident Evil ORC."
76561198260725341,Not Recommended,209100,28888387,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,引き籠り,"It's pretty insane the amount of problems this game has, I spent 20 minutes of gameplay just troubleshooting how to run the game, and now I'm not even sure if I want to run this."
,Not Recommended,209100,22259515,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,Bolter Bitch,"While I loved it on console, I have to warn against purchase of this game for PC/steam. I will say I got it and all the DLC on sale and was super excited, only to run into major issues that caused the game to repeatedly crash before even showing the title screen or anything. Ran google searches and performed all fixes people did while trying to start the game, reading that these fixes didnt work for some people and did for others. After the last fix, and repeatedly spamming the play button until it stopped crashing and actually started, I come to find out that the game requires a Microsoft LIVE account inorder to play online AND save any single player progress.Okay, I made an account, only to then find out that the CD keys that steam gave were invalid with Mircosoft Live. (Tried three seporate times, double checking for errors) Not to mention the horrendous overlay for the LIVE account that I had to type this all in repeatedly signing me out and requiring me to resign in and wait, then click accept on terms and sevices and enter the code again, then wait to see it fail, wait more as it signed me out to repeat the process, and wait to load my signing back in.....Long story short, at this juncture, it is only a waste of time to purchase this game. Hopefully in the future things will improve."
,Recommended,209100,25103246,"Posted: 23 August, 2016",all,Izu,"Operation Raccoon City. ""The Ugly Duckling"" in Resident Evil franchise. The precusor of the changes that the Resident Evil franchise has experienced. Changes that shook the RE fanbase at it's very foundations. Changes that haunt people to this day. Changes that made people who accepted them to be shunned and called heretics or even worse - casuals.No more classical steady aim, its run and shoot now. Dodge and and squeeze the trigger and let god sort em' out. This is the game that set new directions and gameplay changes that were the backbone of Revelations and RE6 gameplay mechanics.No more ""jumpscare-conserve-your-ammo"" scary, instead it's ""get-into-cover-and watch-to-not-get-owerwhelmed-by-whatever-the-game-throws-at-you-while-you-keep-throwing-grenades-and-blindfire-like-crazy"" scary. And dodge. Always dodge. Especially when Fighting against T-103's and MA-124's.Of course there are some jumpscares still but if you played Resident Evil before they are as predictable as they always were.If you're an RE fan - remeber how you used to go back time and time again, either to fix some random tram wire, use a key or get that morgue door open to get the gun? Forget it, there is no going back this time. There's no puzzles either. The only puzzle you'll ever have is trying to understand and cope with the teammates AI - especially if you'll try to play offline. When the AI teammates are just your group filler it's slightly better - but only at a statistical margin of error. I guess they do their best to keep it real and die as often as possible to enhance your feeling of hoplesness and despair just to keep up the biohazard zombie horror appocalypse theme.Playing with real people, now this is where the fun begins. If you get a well oriented people that know the ropes, feel and fill their roles, you can have almost an action movie experience - the one the subpar movies have never gave you. Otherwise you can feel like a one man hero, real wolfpack leader, trying to save the day. Or at least try to and fail miserably and be ensured that this is just a nice zombie fairy tale and in real life it's impossible to survive it without teamwork and dealing with other peoples selfishnes. (You ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s picking up first aid kids when I'm a medic and I can heal you better with them than you can heal yourself - I'm pointing at you)And don't trust your teammates too much, in the end you will find out that they might not feel the same about what you've all went through.Despite recieving many negative reviews both from the players and the press this game is not as bad as it seems so don't believe everything you've read or heard. Personally I believe that this is one of the most underappreciated games of these few last years. When it comes to Resident Evil franchise, sure, it falls out of canon - in terms of gameplay - but it does that well in order to be what it is.When it comes to storyline it's non-canon too, a hypothethical scenario, but the way it's presented, the mix of real protagonists and antagonists, revisiting places from RE2 and RE3 can make you feel like it's the story untold. The story about desperate attempt to cover up the greatest viral outbreak in the whole Resident Evil franchise, something that a company like Umbrella - with its both private and goverment funding and with it's own special forces and R&D divisions - would most likely attempt to cover up. And thats where you step in as the cover up team alongside your favourite Umbrella Security Service cleaner HUNK (guest appearance in RE2 cinematics, many RE games extra modes and first mision in ORC)There's also the DLC that allows you to play the gov side that tries to investigate the outbreak on their own and assess the situation - I've found those missions are tougher and more challenging, but its good to see both sides of the story.This game was meant to be a step into another direction, away from mainstream series and it did it well. Imagine an Left4Dead game with third person perspective and an Resident Evil theme - thats Operation Raccoon City. Does it have replayability value? That depends. If you like to play better and better the same scenarios with diffrent random people - just like in L4D - then sure, it has great replayability value. If you want to just do a co-op with random players once in a while - sure it does. You want some sense of achievement? Sure there are guns and skills to unlock. (really usefull once you learn the misions scenarios and figure will you need a cqc or something with more kick, if you are forced to play with one class or another cause others pick it first). It will get extremly repetetive at some point though, but if you are a RE fan and you love Raccoon City as the best RE setting - you will enjoy coming back, even if its just once in a blue moon.Notice: your saves are not in a cloud, they are stored locally. Keep that in mind and copy those save files in ""my docs->CAPCOM->RERC"" somwhere else once in a while or you'll start with a clean slate. Also sometimes a rare bug can occur when game starts up and instantly crashes with no error - to fix that delete settings.dat file in the same folder as above.Hint: in close combat, when your skill is charged Q+Q+Ctrl (default settings) for class based execution. (This is biggest flaw in the game, the tutorial is lackluster)"
76561198255321764,Recommended,209100,25036606,"Posted: 20 August, 2016",all,Ace Commander,"If your looking to shoot some♥♥♥♥♥♥ than this game is great. Im one of those weird people who acually enjoyed this game way more than I should have. If your looking for a good story with great characters than this game is one hot pile of garbage. 7/10 I bought this game twice, once on Xbox360 & again on PC."
,Recommended,209100,29948524,Posted: 15 February,all,alt3ma,"real review from a re fanif you want to see the nemesis again this is the game for you, though its a bit different from the ussuall re game it shows a few events in the game from the umbrella prospective and i found it to be a good game for the story and for the characters, if your after tripple a quality though this isnt for you.known problems , the microsoft intergration can conflict with alot of older systems and people not adept with removing some of the microsoft dependecies, if you cant fix or mod a game with given tutorials again this isnt for you,there are no achivementswould i reconmend this, as my system will play this yes i do how ever its known alot of people cant get this game to work."
,Not Recommended,209100,11557238,"Posted: 4 August, 2014",all,Payne in the Butt,"After running the game once, the game failed to launch ever again. Considering how many consistent problems that this game has for the 360, which it was originally designed for, it's impressive that TeamNOS made a version for PC that I could even run. The only pro of this game is that it has a diverse but not crazy character line-up, and a good soundtrack.Cons: Environments prove very difficult to traverse, whether it's because of unavoidable obstacles, or crappy character movement, or some combination of the two varies with each experience. Enemy line-up is annoying to say the nicest possible thing. There's also a lack of challenge with a very limited variety of gameplay. Every part of the game feels the same. The story is pretty crappy without much thought put into it at all, and the one time you have a choice as to what you do, you aren't able to witness it resolve whatsoever. Overall, this game is glitchy as hell and is almost incapable of being ran successfully because of how many problems there are in it. Not to mention GFWL D:"
76561198027347256,Not Recommended,209100,22210256,"Posted: 2 April, 2016",all,Flare,"Comes with the annoying turd known as Games for Windows Live. Item controls are pretty clunky as well. If you have someone to play co-op with it's fine, otherwise you're stuck with bots that aren't of much use."
,Recommended,209100,24038843,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,Rusty Shackleford,More action oriented and plays differently than any other RE game but I enjoy it.  Some controls are a bit clunky but can't complain.
76561198074998618,Not Recommended,209100,30716357,Posted: 24 March,all,ReverseDoge,"I had to ask for a refund of the game because it couldn't work with windows 10! I tried all the possible ""fixes"" and still didn't open"
,Recommended,209100,23916322,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,DayiousKorah,"The game is badass, it works also.. i give it a 8/10 . someone should make some WORKSHOP stuff. that would be cooli had to make a lot of setting adjustments to work good i was dizzy playing in the begining.  this game rocks though. being able to look around as you walk racoon city is amazing, you really get a feel and understanding of how intense this place is.I sure wouldnt want to be there. use head phones and listen closley its awesome. The movemnt is quite stiff though i feel it can be a little more smooth i feel i cant move swiftly and rotate well."
,Recommended,209100,23804577,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,Ho0dieNinja,"Not sure what all the complaining is about.Bought the game.Played the game.Played online with friends/strangers flawlesslySaved no problemYeah had to log into GFWL but like most gamers at some point I made and Xbox account and linked it to Steam. So I didn't even have to log in.Never crashed, only a few minor NON-Game breaking AI bugs."
,Not Recommended,209100,30895008,Posted: 2 April,all,Vini,BUGADO PARA UM KARALEO
76561198016032265,Not Recommended,209100,30860141,Posted: 31 March,all,Slick Stick,Well got this in a steam sale also bought another follow on game neither would start on Windows 10 64 bit tried compabilty mode but still no luck searched the internet tried several suggestions but never managed to get them to work had ask steam for a refund due to them not working so be warned unless you have a old pc running Windows xp or something as it will not work on a modern powerful gaming pc like mine!
,Not Recommended,209100,7856083,"Posted: 30 November, 2013",all,Hunk Skinhub.com,"If you played RE6, don't bother with this one. It'd be great if you never played anything beyond 5. After 6 the old game controls just feel so terrible. Then once you get the hang of it, you realize youre in a kinda lame environment doing a lame medium level boss fight. It's always just chaos... never suspense. Takes a while to get used to the controls enough to enjoy it. I'm sure if you have the time to master it, it'd be OK, but I'd rather just play 6 with the better controls features.Also, its really unbalanced. I mean really. AI is terrible, both team and enemies. No one is playing it. Multiplayer connect system sucks. Game is pretty ♥♥♥♥♥♥. I played RE2 back in the day so seeing leon or clair here or there is pretty cool, seeing some classic locations is cool, every mission being the same and totally unbalanced, the final boss fight on a level will often be easier than some combat with basic grunts in the game simply because of the terrible level design and cover system. This game was really a major flop. Also, it has problems running on just about every operating system... especially 7 and up. Oh and one more thing... Games for Windows Live...."
76561198042998141,Recommended,209100,19467217,"Posted: 3 December, 2015",all,RC1207_Sev,I've never gotten past the first mission in a Resident Evil game before (though I intend to).I realize this is a very different game from most others in the series and it messes with the story or something.Whatever.Got this game 75% off. Worth it.Admittedly I also enjoyed the heck out of Aliens: Colonial Marines (which I got for 80% off) and played that campaign with friends to completion.I really enjoyed the Wolfpack characters and their campaign. I played it on easy and had a blast. It's Co-Op so friends can join to make it even more fun. I've only started the other campaign and assume it will be just as good (though the characters are dumb & nowhere near as cool as the Wolfpack)p.s. This is the first game I've played on the PC with a controller. It's not really designed for mouse & keyboard but it's playable.
,Not Recommended,209100,28473688,"Posted: 19 December, 2016",all,CrackerBlack,Can't even play this piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥
,Not Recommended,209100,33098439,Posted: 1 July,all,Lujere,GFWL. All I need to say. Ruined it for me.
76561198020592788,Not Recommended,209100,30424867,Posted: 10 March,all,H34DK4S3,The game just does not work
,Not Recommended,209100,22060071,"Posted: 26 March, 2016",all,stanley.lui,"This game is frustrating beyond belief.  I actually got it to start up without a hitch, but when I saw it was stuttering just turning around with nothing attacking us, I pushed down the graphics as low as it would go, leaving the resolution at native.  It helped, but things still weren't smooth.I'm not one of those people insisting that Resident Evil stay true survival horror.  I liked RE5 and Revelations. But this... this doesn't even pretend to be horror.  It's like Left 4 Dead, except everyone, human and zombie alike, is a bullet sponge.  Half the time, I wasn't even sure I was hitting them.  Equally bad, there was often no indication that you'd actually killed them.Whoever designed the port UI needs to be beaten.  Q is now the physical attack?  And what the hell am I supposed to do when a zombie grabs me?  The screen shows a ""C"" key, but with a double-headed arrow above it.   Should I press C?  Move my mouse back and forth?  Both?  Should I waggle the C key back and forth?  Who the f*ck knows?And the arbitrary nature of the boss battles are absolute killer.  Suddenly, I can't turn around?  WTF?  I arbitrarily can't go any further than this point?  Riiiiiight.Anyway, I got to the Licker battle and finally got♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥off enough to quit the Campaign mode.  I don't play online."
76561198014069772,Not Recommended,209100,9659751,"Posted: 28 March, 2014",all,duce303,"If you go into this game thinking that it will be like any other Resident Evil game you WILL be disappointed.  It's a lot more like the Gears of War Series.  Party combat, lots of cover based shooting, very linear gameplay.  Honestly, the gameplay isn't bad, but the story is pretty weak.  The final level is pretty disappointing, and it doesn't really resolve anything in the end.  I was surprised to find that there is a hidden campaign tucked away that the game barely even acknowledges.  There aren't really any achievements acknowledging it, and you can't continue the campaign from the main menu once you start it.  Overall, gameplay is decent, but there are quite a few minor issues that can ruin the experience."
,Not Recommended,209100,22128340,"Posted: 29 March, 2016",all,Richard McRich,"This game happened to be on sale when I purchased it, so it was only $7.99 for everything (Including the downloads and expansions).  I originally played this game on the PS3, and I liked it a lot, however I was skeptical of buying expansions over the playstation network.  Despite the negative reviews, I thought this game would be worth giving another chance with expansions...I was wrong...The moment I turned the game on, a lot of popups were asking me to make a Windows LIVE account (which I found out was the same thing as an Xbox LIVE account).  I make one with fake info, not disclosing my personal info.  It then proceeds to verify my email.  Then expects me to restart my computer... and the steps go on and on...  This is way too much of a hassle to play any PC game!If you really want to play this game, get the console version.  The PC version is too much of a hassle to get running.EDIT: This game is also unstable on the PC."
76561198088325100,Not Recommended,209100,25003910,"Posted: 18 August, 2016",all,EJBeast,"Resident Evil Racoon City was a game that I personally enjoyed. The thing that killed the game, was that people thought it was the traditional RE. It was your basic co op shooters which I enjoy to play.Let's get to the beast things.The setting. So, this is taking place during RE2 and I believe you are trying to destroy something forgot. Everyone who plays RE that play the second one and it should've brought you back to Leons sexy perfect hair. That was pretty damn cool.Good party coop game. It may not traditional RE but damn it was fun at Times.Since I'm doing this on a phone I'm going to cut this short. Sorry pc guyBEAST THINGS:Good coop gameGood to relive RE2 if you don't have a PS1Good to see a sexy perfect hair Leon againUNBEAST THINGS:No depth in a coop shooterSo damn linearRushed♥♥♥♥♥gameMade by CapcomFinal Verdict5.7/10Good for casual gamers who enjoy RE in shooterNot good for gamers who're looking a traditional RE game."
,Recommended,209100,31802432,Posted: 17 May,all,Kiro,"People honestly♥♥♥♥♥♥on this game too much, while yes, it's not your TYPICAL RE GAME, the co op is fun as hell to do with friends, and that is why I believe it's a great game.  Sure, PVP sucks♥♥♥♥♥ but the campaign is fun to do with friends."
76561198008472711,Recommended,209100,23858332,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,..(Double Dot),"Let me start off by saying gfwl is a major inconvenience;however,if you have enough patience there is a decent game waiting for you. After sorting through Microsofts madness I finally got to relive my childhood but in a much more sinister way. I feel this game caters toward the older audience who grew up with the original playstation trilogy and not to the RE4 and onward crowd. The game allows you to experience the disaster that unfolds in Racoon City but you get to do it with a team of highly trained soldiers/mercenaries(if you play multiplayer). I get a RE Outbreak feel but with much more competent characters and a better battle system. The combat takes on the feel of Gears of War,the characters you play are reminiscent of the Metal Gear series and the story stays roughly along the lines of Resident evil 2/Resident Evil 3(though you can make fate breaking decisions). Personally I don't think the mesh of these series a bad thing at all. The story is lacking but you should already be familiar with it if you're a resident evil diehard. Also,why should soldiers/mercenaries know every little detail? They have objectives and are not emotionally invested in anything except completing said objectives and staying alive. This is also definitely a shooter and should be treated as one. I would suggest you play it with friends or randoms providing you get a chance as the friendly AI is atrocious, the enemies not as much. Speaking of enemies, they seem to be quite resilient and you shouldn't go in guns a blazing until you get some experience under your belt. It was a challenge to me even on normal difficulty but my skills aren't up to par and I'm not a twitch. As far as gameplay goes I only have experience with keyboard/mouse and not with a controller. The game seems responsive and not hard to control asides from item pickup/interact with environment/take cover key being shared(make sure you're dead still before picking up items/opening doors). It hillariously adds to the stress of combat when being overrun as there is nothing better than watching your buddy fly head first into a door when he/she desperately tries to open it. All in all I feel it's worth the price providing you get the full game and go in knowing it's a combat shooter."
,Recommended,209100,34284953,Posted: 16 August,all,Captivated Rage,"Super neat game. Got it back in the day, on the Xbox 360. Enjoyed it enough that I ended up getting it during a sale on here. Co-op is super fun!"
,Not Recommended,209100,22031680,"Posted: 24 March, 2016",all,Revolver Drops A Lot,♥♥♥♥ you Games for Windows Live >:(
76561198046603109,Not Recommended,209100,22469108,"Posted: 16 April, 2016",all,"Corey, Trevor, SMOKES!","DO NOT BUY THIS GAME ON PC IN 2016 WHATSOEVER. Games for windows live is a joke and this game has it. I cant even get into my profile that once worked anymore, so I cant even get online or save. What a joke ive beaten this game on 360 in the past its fun if you're a die hard re fan like me but its not a good game by any means whatsoever."
,Not Recommended,209100,34333074,Posted: 18 August,all,JamyBot,"I didn't get very far in this game, due to boredom.Okay, I really wanted this game for a while and remember watching a bit of it when it first came out. It looked so fun to play with friends or even on your own. But I guess time wasn't this games best friend...First of all, games for windows live. Its still a thing on this game and is very surprising. It FORCES you to log in because if you don't you can't save, at all. So after having a bug that closed the game as soon as it opened, I then had to deal with games for windows live. Wasn't fun and although it took about 10 minutes to fix, its still something you don't wanna have to deal with.Alright lets get onto the story from what I saw;You are a squad from umbrella sent to reteave the G-Virus. But like every zombie game it goes wrong leading to an outbreak that you had to clean up/hide (sorta) then escape from.That about as far into the game I got, generic but ittle do. (Look at the games description for more.)This game is a cover based zomby/miltarry shooter/""horror""? Its all over the place.My first gripe. when I was playing and was fighting off generic guy with gun #163-#170 the zombies never seemed to attack them? Like ever, it just felt like I was fighting off disgrunteled pedestrians.My second gripe, the camera speed. Now I have the DPI on my mouse aalllll the way up and in every single game I own (par one or two) I have never needed to change the speed of the camera. Now in this game I had to change it a bit, then a level later change it a bit more, then a check point later I'd have to change it more, it just feels like the camera is extreamally sluggish, and in a game like this, it would need to be relitively quick.My third gripe/annoyance is the cover system. How can you have a ""cover-based-shooter"" when half the time I'm running into the cover and not actually ducking? A dedicated button would have been useful as the exact opposite happens as well, I'm running somewhere and suddenly snap into cover?The default button leyout is questionable. Why. Is. The. Swap. Weapon. Button. 4?!?!?! 1: primary/secondary 2:health/magical cure (with a dedicated heal button like H or something) 3:grenades (with use being G)I might have made an unusual leyout right there but its still easyer to figure out than this mess.All in all I can see why people do like this game and don't like this game. If there was a meh button for reviews, I'd click it.If you want this game, by all means get it, but get it on sale, it isn't worth the full price and I'm quite shocked that its still this much.4/10 would stand there like an♥♥♥♥♥instead of getting into cover again."
,Recommended,209100,33795243,Posted: 25 July,all,PA3K | flytech,Not too much of a story and missing side waves :D but i playied it pirated at first and said to myself i just have to buy it I had so much fun with it on just offline ! and the game can be putting to the test even on normal!
,Not Recommended,209100,22723501,"Posted: 30 April, 2016",all,gabriel_rohling,"The game may be great with friends, but the campain mode is quite short, 4 hours?? All the nostalgia that I thought I would feel ends when you have only ONE struggle with NEMESIS or when you get on RPD for just a few minutes. The game not worth, these 4 hours are the worst of my life, it has passed like an eternity!"
,Not Recommended,209100,8280371,"Posted: 25 December, 2013",all,Rasp D Bugbear,"The game isn't horrible. When it does play but it get reptative fast the main fun is teaming up with pals, but the game... pretty prone the glitch the xp and weapon system is pretty tiresome. If your looking for horror surival fix this isn't it if the more actiony RE are you thing then by all means go for it. And your going to want sugguested or better for this."
,Recommended,209100,30171423,Posted: 25 February,all,AlexWesker,"An enjoyable Spin-Off with 4 players co-op campaign, lots of multiplayer modes and great fanservice. Graphics and AI could be better. The game has lots of flaws but it's hard to overlook the fact that during a dozen or so hours I had fun. This imperfect collection of ideas has that elusive element of satisfactory gameplay. I can recommend it to gamers with co-op partners that know that it's just a shooter set in a familiar universe."
,Not Recommended,209100,8990326,"Posted: 5 February, 2014",all,Warlock Beta,"Horrible game.As stated in others, the AI is horrendous.The controls are also annoying.And the addition of special abilities?This seems more like a zombie/monster shooter with some super powered characters instead of an RE game.I think part of the problem is Capcom isn't the developer for this one."
,Not Recommended,209100,9040291,"Posted: 9 February, 2014",all,M. Yura,do not buy this game
,Not Recommended,209100,11631229,"Posted: 10 August, 2014",all,Scott,Don't waste your time/money!
76561198030387739,Not Recommended,209100,22737101,"Posted: 30 April, 2016",all,Eagleye70,what the-?  you call this a resident evil{LINK REMOVED}game...why?!
,Recommended,209100,19937388,"Posted: 25 December, 2015",all,Carnage,Lot's if flaws but I wouldn't say it is a bad game. I had fun
,Not Recommended,209100,17326689,"Posted: 31 July, 2015",all,Baphomet,"Resident Evil: Operation Raccoon city is another in a series of attempts at making a multiplayer-capable RE game (the first being outbreak and followed by multiplayer variants in RE 5/6 etc). While the concept is good, the execution is fairly lackluster, marred by flaws in control schemes and gameplay issues. For example, your character has the option to do a running dive by sprinting and pressing the action key and in no way is this ever useful in the game whatsoever except to make you look like a goof while you try and grab that much needed healing item and die for the umpteenth time.Most of the enemies tend to follow the bullet sponge style of difficulty regardless of whether you are shooting them in their weak points, meaning you have to have a team of fairly competent and focused people to clear harder areas. To add insult to injury, the AI is dumb as toast and the networking is dependant on GFWL which is probably one of the worst frameworks for online play you can find. Other typical issues from previous games present themselves in this series such as not being able to shoot through certain obstacles with clear gaps in them and other somewhat ridiculous engine-related restrictions.I can't really recommend this one especially since GFWL is pretty much on the way out. While I salute Capcom for making an honest try at a co-op game, this attempt fell completely flat."
,Not Recommended,209100,22578540,"Posted: 22 April, 2016",all,Grell_Sutcliff,"Really short, could use more storyline."
76561197993378161,Recommended,209100,25152330,"Posted: 25 August, 2016",all,Mr. Ford,"Hassle to set up, but it is worth it once you get it working.Pick it up on capcom sale, as the $30 is too much for a game that came out as long ago as it did"
76561198239896112,Not Recommended,209100,28698304,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,ZiEl,"If you are looking to buy this game for multiplayer I do not suggest it. The players are insanely inactive and the first player I found said finally a person, sadly this cannot start the game. If you are looking to buy this for campaign go ahead it will be worth your time."
,Recommended,209100,9631649,"Posted: 25 March, 2014",all,Brandon,Honestly i can say i enjoyed playing this game. not alot of people gave this game credit. It was just one of those passer-by games til Resident Evil 6 came out. It is a fun game tho. i do reccommed it to people who like stratedgy games.
76561198129001132,Not Recommended,209100,30530456,Posted: 15 March,all,Suntsu - hellcase.com,"It won't work on win10, because GFWL doesent even exist anymore"
,Recommended,209100,23626945,"Posted: 17 June, 2016",all,Little Witch Rom,"Unlike most people who got this game, I have windows 10 and It works fine for me.Though the only problem is I'm still waiting for my key to get send to me.I Can only play offline for now."
76561198003148259,Recommended,209100,34651106,Posted: 31 August,all,Gidian,"Being a fan of the original Resident Evil games I loved seeing scenes from them remastered. I loved going through the familure streets of Ratcoon City. While the gameplay is nothing like the original games it is still alot of fun to play with your friends. The game feels like Left for Dead mixed Resident Evil 4/5/6's gameplay. I recamend this game to anyone that like Third person shooter and Resident Evil games mainly if you liked 4, 5 and 6."
,Recommended,209100,21992895,"Posted: 22 March, 2016",all,Rei Ryghts,"I played this game way back when it first came out on ps3 I enjoyed it as a game. I re-bought it cause I actually enjoyed the game, it was and is a fun game but a bad Resident Evil game. I would advice u get it at a discount like I did (80% off)it runs fine to me however, some glitches may happen."
76561198064298456,Recommended,209100,23635359,"Posted: 18 June, 2016",all,ogihcikaru,"You people are all idiots if you say its not working on windows 10, cause I have windows 10 and guess what it works perfect no issues at all. try google search for a fix before you run ur traps about♥♥♥♥♥♥being broken or not working or blaming capcom and valve for your issues and problemsPS. This Game Works great some parts are a bit hard but very fun a must play for any resident evil fan"
,Recommended,209100,23678855,"Posted: 20 June, 2016",all,Cloud,"This game is buggy, broken, used gfwl, and is poorly optimized for pc,  but for some reason I enjoy it.  Good co-op 3rd person shooter set in the Resident Evil universe.  Just know what your getting yourself into before you buy and be willing to deal with GFWL and bugs.Great with friends"
,Not Recommended,209100,30914926,Posted: 2 April,all,Saboteur,"i was very disapointed with this game.i wanted to like it, i wanted to love it. i tried to look past all of the negative reviews... and so i baught it....sadly the game was horribly ported. it would not run properly, plus the gameplay and the feel was just atrocious."
,Not Recommended,209100,8573708,"Posted: 5 January, 2014",all,Scorpion,Is it part of the story? I don't think so. The gameplay is too dull and makes it feel like a hack and slash only with guns. I hope this game is not bought over by KOEI.
76561198010279012,Not Recommended,209100,8954012,"Posted: 2 February, 2014",all,☣Klown☣,"I would strongly recommend AGAINST this game for purchase on the PC for one(or two) main reasons:It has the potential to be quite an awesome game for the PC, actually. The only problem I find with it, (and although it's just one problem, it's a HUGE one!), is that you can tell that this was a hastily done port of the console version. The game has a terrible framerate, during cutscenes and gameplay, that is absolutely unbearable and impossible to enjoy. Believe me, I'm a guy that can stand choppy framerates, if it's at a lag that's bearable and not detrimental to the enjoyability of the gameplay. However, also believe me when I say this game is pretty much impossible to play, even on low graph settings. Therefore, we can also tell that this game was not only poorly ported, but poorly optimized, as well. This doesn't really surprise me too much considering Capcom assigned this project to a third-party game dev company. Nonetheless, I do not recommend this game! Do not waste your money on it, like many people have. Considering it's been out for two years now, and they haven't released a working patch on steam."
76561198047498717,Not Recommended,209100,8349522,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,Ananas,I would rather pay for the war z 3 times than buy this game again. The only reason i bought it was it was on sale for $8 with all the DLC and thought it cant be as bad as they say. WRONG! The graphics are terrible the gameplay is horrid. The story is a sack of wet garbage and ruins the RE franchise even more and should be just forgotten about. I don't even know why Capcom even let this game on store shelves. I will probably never play this game again. Shame on you Capcom.
,Not Recommended,209100,2571170,"Posted: 18 May, 2012",all,Furrious Lynx,"this game is horrible and i would never recommend it to a friend, even the story is horrid. Controlls are mushy and there are enough invisible walls to call it a glass house, but id throw rocks all day if it got me a refund."
,Not Recommended,209100,188729,"Posted: 15 July, 2013",all,Scott the Dick,"I would suck 6♥♥♥♥♥♥♥in a row to get my money back for this piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥excuse for a ""game""."
76561197970297632,Not Recommended,209100,8158759,"Posted: 20 December, 2013",all,x537t,"dull team mates, they get right in your way, run in circles.glad I only blew $7.49"
,Recommended,209100,30782250,Posted: 27 March,all,La nada,"Most bad reviews come from some users who had problems with Windows drm system,i advise against this kinda of review as they critizise the drm system but not the game itself, Personally it doestn affect me.This is a great third person shooter with cover mechanics and a Resident Evil theme which to me is very delightful, i played this game when it was released and i almost completed it to 100%. It has a great variety of weapons, characters and abilities .The scenarios are good for a casual player and nostalgic material for those old Resident Evil fans with Nemesis, lickers, hunters, MR X and so on.This game gave a chance to re visit Racoon city and because Resident Evil is no longer what i originally liked this game provides a great fix for me.You can spend 20 hours completing this game to a 100% and the different difficult varieties keeps things fresh (and hard).This is not a flawless game but so far i havetn encountered any glitches or bugs (keep in mind i ve played the 360 version and the pc version).The bad? no windowless option and Windows drm makes just gets in the way of most people. fortunatley steam refunds exists so if the game doesnt work for you, you can just refund it."
,Not Recommended,209100,22048757,"Posted: 25 March, 2016",all,Dumle,The game doesn't work properly. A ton of issues related to games for windows live prevented me to play with my firend or save my progress in game. Thanks capcom for reminding me of how much a bother this awful drm is for paying customers. Would not recommend this experience. Thank god for refunds.
76561197979129536,Not Recommended,209100,22067839,"Posted: 26 March, 2016",all,hawklands,"This was a fun game that is no longer works, Not compatible with windows 10, I enjoyed playing it solo.If you have a windows 10 pc wait until eith capcom or windows fiqures out how to fix.unfortunate."
76561197973506808,Not Recommended,209100,627779,"Posted: 9 March, 2013",all,Loken,Sluggish and remarkably low fps even if gfx isnt especially great. Dull environments and boring weapons. And to top it off it crashes more than often.2/10
76561198017660526,Not Recommended,209100,7880006,"Posted: 2 December, 2013",all,sprungbysweet,"This game was a waste of money and time.  There's no one else to play with online and its an online game only.  It is really that bad,  I don't recommend any body even waste 50 cents to buy this game."
,Not Recommended,209100,8707458,"Posted: 14 January, 2014",all,Hive Lord Fluttershy,"When I write a review I try and mix positive and negative comments.With Operation Raccoon City, however, I am unable to do that while staying honest. This game is bad. Very bad. It hurts me, as a fan of the older Resident Evil games, to have played this. The story is terrible, the characters are less than one dimensional, the weapons feel very anemic, the list goes on.Short version; avoid at all costs."
,Recommended,209100,21925434,"Posted: 19 March, 2016",all,damagemagnet01,My brother and I had a blast playing this game. Not perfect by any means but it did the job :)
,Not Recommended,209100,28616950,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,Shawn E.,"Excellent game, stupidly unstable port.After fixing the inevitable GWFL crash, deleting settings.dat, setting compatibility mode to Win7, disabling high-DPI scaling and visual effects in the properties menu, setting the affinity to use only three cores, running contig.exe in the ORC folder, increasing memory.ini thresholds, setting priority to ""above normal"" and ""high"", lowering the graphical settings to absolute minimum including setting my resolution to a painful 640x360, applying further optimizations through nVidia Control Panel, even after many restarts/settings.dat deletions, my GeForce 730 stutters with this game so terribly that I can't even play it. No game has ever given me this much trouble, I'm normally able to get ANY game to run at about 60FPS using some of the above methods, even Splinter Cell: Double Agent and GTA4.This is the worst port I have ever FN SEEN, and I've been able to work with some of the worst of the worst, but not this.It seems like a five-year-old took the native 360 version of this game, made it run on PC a little, and built the final product. To reinforce the notion of sheer laziness of Capcom's [not Microsoft's] job on this port, the 360 HUD is still there, with the differences being that keys replace the face buttons, but the visual 360 D-Pad is still there in the left corner of the screen.This is a horrible mess, and Capcom has hardly lifted a finger to solve any of the problems with it, and they haven't even glanced in its direction since 2013.That means ""you're not getting any updates or support for this game in the future, you crummy end-user marks."""
,Not Recommended,209100,23719743,"Posted: 22 June, 2016",all,Cry out,Why GFWL? this is on steam so it shouldnt need this dumb GFWL.. taking me hrs just to make a GFWL account so i can play this old game..
,Not Recommended,209100,13314723,"Posted: 11 December, 2014",all,Ryuu,"Alrighty boys and girls here's my review on this interesting piece of a game.If you're looking for an interesting story that branches away from playing the usual individuals in most RE games; then this is the game for you. From what I've played of the Campaign mode it's quite a thrilling game. Quite a selection of weapons to choose from, but sadly you can not upgrade them. It is nice that each member of the U.S.S. has their own unique abilities so that is a plus. A real bummer for those going through the campaign mode if you do not have a Games for Windows Live account, or for some reason your account is broken you will not be able to save your progress. It fully relies on the GFWL to save any single player data Im guessing since it had the option for 4-player co-op.If you were looking to play this for its multiplayer modes then I have some bad news for you... Since GFWL has abandoned this game like a stand up on prom night... it's made the multiplayer... well unplayable. Unless the good people decide that developed this game decide to get things switched over so it relies on Valve and Steam more.... I don't see it being played multiplayer-wise for some time...In conclusion if you're a bored individual who's looking to pass the time or a RE enthusiast looking to play the story; I recommend the game then. I myself will be giving it a thumbs down rating for its broken multiplayer aspect."
,Not Recommended,209100,13316959,"Posted: 11 December, 2014",all,Pritchard,"The nostalgia didn't kill me as much as the overwhelming lag did.Also, what's with the need to create a windows account in order to be able to save your game?"
,Not Recommended,209100,2781427,"Posted: 17 July, 2012",all,Vurczi,"First of all, It's NOT from Capcom themself, It's from some 3rd party!- The Graphics is not so bad and the Gameplay is good at some points.Characters are awesome. weps as well, but Story is pointless, doesn't make a lot sense, actually, there isn't any main story.. it's just killing zombies, which sounds awesome, but in this game it isn't... the worst thing in this game is that the dead zombies (seriously dead ones) disappear for no reason, just like in previous Re games...In  lenght this game is hell. (it's about 4-5hrs), so you won't get a lot of skills or fun in this game, especially If your playing alone mainly because, the multi is♥♥♥♥♥♥and the game is freakin' short, BUT there is also good things that made me happy, like the Co-op, it's fun with friends and that will make you play again and again, then never again... ""Recommended for Co-op players ONLY"" 6/10"
76561198048415971,Not Recommended,209100,9072669,"Posted: 12 February, 2014",all,Deathhand2277,"Grossly overpriced and all hyped on release don't touch it unless you have friends looking to do a quick game. Would not recommend unless have friends to play with as well for an evening then probably not touch it for a long while. Story not on par with the series as we know it to be, more of a what if, and poorly setup with poor ai controlled character's. Without the dlc incuded with the game extremely stort an basically half a game for a full price. Unless on sale or extreme price lowered don't touch it with a 10 foot pole."
,Not Recommended,209100,9351919,"Posted: 5 March, 2014",all,E41St0rF1rE,"The game feels like a very cheap B movie. Voice casting is just terrible and feels often over the top and unrealistic.Gameplay is repetitive, aiming is terrible, game is boring.The character sticks to the wall at the wrong moments and sometimes when you want to turn around when you have to run away from the enemy you are stuck and keep facing the enemy.Nice if you paid 3 EUR, anything above is a waste of money."
76561198052109716,Recommended,209100,22119957,"Posted: 29 March, 2016",all,Sarumoon,"Its ok fun but its missing some features you would expect from a resident evil game like item management, having more than 2 guns at a time, puzzles etc. its very different but its still some fun if you can get it working, i did. Better than the reviews, most are hating GFWL and i get that but the game itself? Playable. Passable. Im using win 10 and saving np with GFWL working fine. I paid 8$ cdn. for the full game all dlc's incl. At that price not bad. Dont pay more tho really. Bought it mostly to complete my collection but was happy whan i got it working and am halfway enjoying it ish. I know glowing recomendation right? Remember 8$.. whats that in usd $5? worth that and u can always refund if u cant get it working. Go for it."
,Recommended,209100,23593506,"Posted: 16 June, 2016",all,MasterOfDmx,"Докатились…в обзоре нужно сначала прочитать инструкцию, чтобы игра просто запустилась…ИнструкцияНо, пройдя все перипетии GFWL, мы получаем бодренькую игру на пару вечеров.Рекомендую любителям серии РЕ начиная от 4 части, остальным настоятельно советую пройти мимо.------Sunk in the review ... you must first read the instructions in the game to just run ...InstructionsBut, after going through all the vicissitudes of GFWL, we receive cheerfully play on a couple of evenings.I recommend to fans of the series since RE of 4 parts, the rest of the urge to pass."
,Recommended,209100,33024667,Posted: 29 June,all,hsheppard246,Not The Best Resident Evil But The MP And Co-Op Is Good
76561198024399607,Not Recommended,209100,22013428,"Posted: 23 March, 2016",all,kodoshinkai,this game does not work on windows 10 DO NOT BUY i also tried the forums for help they do not work well not for me they dont again DO NOT BUY
76561197969226985,Not Recommended,209100,7803863,"Posted: 28 November, 2013",all,rodeo_guy,"Attention: This game relies heavily on Games for Windows Life, a service which will be discontinued next summer. It is not yet clear if the game will be modified in order to run without GFWL. If Capcom does not make this step,  RE:ORC will be near to useless (losing at least its multiplayer part, if not more features). Until this is decided I give a clear: Don't buy advice."
76561198035188195,Not Recommended,209100,9253982,"Posted: 24 February, 2014",all,waynegallant1,thought  it would be a fum game but it wont load....waste of time
76561198157105416,Recommended,209100,23625338,"Posted: 17 June, 2016",all,EvA,"Resident Evil: Operation Raccoon City .........Не плохая игра: Только вот  games for windows live ........ Мне это очень не понравилось,.......... сделайте пожалуйста эту игру,.............. как  в   Resident evil-5 по steam ........ Без какой либо регистрации  ................................."
76561198062288103,Not Recommended,209100,17231911,"Posted: 25 July, 2015",all,Kyoji_Lyrio,"With Windows Live being down for good, as far as I know anyway, there is no real way to play the game if you have forgotten your login credetials, as you can no longer recover them."
,Recommended,209100,14801513,"Posted: 8 March, 2015",all,ThatsMe Keanu Reeves,"I think this game is good, I like all the Resident evil games. Just so many cool things that add to the whole RE atmosphere and makes it feel like you really are an Umbrella soldier in the middle of an outbreak."
,Not Recommended,209100,23194063,"Posted: 24 May, 2016",all,Alex_Nos,"I only reccomened this game if you know how to get past the worst gaming program any video game could ever include in their pc port of a game, yes i am talking about the games for windows live. if you can get past this and get this game to work on windows 10 let me know, i'm current trying to figure it out myself, 40$ down the drain cause of this ♥♥♥♥♥♥ program being attached to this other wise very amazing game."
76561198258878356,Not Recommended,209100,30549535,Posted: 16 March,all,jsnobunaga6,wont open
,Not Recommended,209100,16190892,"Posted: 4 June, 2015",all,Skye,A middle finger to oldschool Resident Evil fans.Messed up storyline and new designs for classic characters.Yet it lags on slowest settings (I have a high end PC) and getting to try multiplayer is almost impossible.
76561198006443578,Not Recommended,209100,23555764,"Posted: 14 June, 2016",all,sliferred123,this game is my guilty pleasure but thanks to game for windows live bs you cannot play the game. well u can play. you just cannot ever ever save
,Recommended,209100,22055166,"Posted: 25 March, 2016",all,Dyeosta,"I did like the game on ps3, but 1 bad thing to me... can't do four player... server won't let us."
76561197995131283,Not Recommended,209100,22016746,"Posted: 23 March, 2016",all,Lt. Castro,I Cannot play online! help me! i want my money back!
76561198021579801,Not Recommended,209100,22034539,"Posted: 24 March, 2016",all,dnltattoo,"could have been  a great game. kinda sucks that the first mutant you fight you can not manuever away from him or kill him, so you just constantly die. got bored of the game in the first five minutes"
,Not Recommended,209100,25032702,"Posted: 20 August, 2016",all,TaelorAsherLee,The sale is too good to be true.It asks for a discontinued system to login in order to save your progress. This is not worth the time or money. Will be demanding for a refund.
76561198093030501,Not Recommended,209100,28812189,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,BruHEEZ,This game is a huge bag of giraffe bile. There was a lot of potential with the concept but that potential was never realized. The gameplay is frustrating and I cant imagine anyone enjoying it.
,Recommended,209100,2643507,"Posted: 6 September, 2013",all,q3.railgun,"Play a team based Biohazard game through the eyes of Umbrella units. The default settings are not meant for kb/m play. First off take off any autoaiming and mouse sticky as that will cause rapid mouse decel and it'll get even worse if you're using a HR. The AI could be better, but is usually better than randoms that join your game afk for a couple of minutes so you can't proceed then dc. The weapon, skill unlocks are done via a point system (exp) which is gained by completing levels.One thing I liked is that enemies will drop their current weapons so you can switch between weapons on the fly for better or worse, of course if the game didn't have a 2 gun limit we wouldn't have this problem.ORC is also run by Games for windows live so if you've had problems with that you'll probably want to stay away. The game runs fine for me with the usual GFWL system game slowdowns. Overall it's not Biohazard that we knew and grew up with, but it does try to tie in some missing elements/allow you to play the story of some of the older games through the eyes of a different group."
,Not Recommended,209100,141058,"Posted: 24 September, 2012",all,HJ|Smaaj,dont you even darefull of bugs
,Not Recommended,209100,1838250,"Posted: 27 April, 2013",all,Bawlrus,NOT WORTH ANY $$ AT ALL.  Rate♥♥♥♥♥♥console port.  Don't buy.  Buggy and crap.
,Recommended,209100,22104198,"Posted: 28 March, 2016",all,Snippets,"I played this less than 5 Hours on Steam and I already finished the campaign. Overall Resident Evil: Operation Raccoon City could have been a great game. The 4 Player Storyline was awesome and even tho it's an action shooter instead of survival Horror it was fun because with 4 players this fits more. The mechanic that you can actually get infected is great and the fact that we're having the antivirus makes sense as well because we're from Umbrella. Unfortunately the game was really poorly made and this is why it sucks so hard. Of course there's still the online mode and the dlc missions but I never liked the online mode of Resident Evil.I bought the game for 5,59 so I don't really care that it is such a bad game. I will still give this game a YES because I just love the Resident Evil franchise. The game could have been so good, sadly they ♥♥♥♥ed it up real hard.5/10"
76561198025987159,Recommended,209100,3681554,"Posted: 6 July, 2012",all,Kill Burst,Worst buy ever! total waste of money.. do not buy it!!!
,Not Recommended,209100,17531445,"Posted: 14 August, 2015",all,Leon,Even if this game is non-canon in Resident Evil timeline I can't recommend it.I was actually really excited when I first heard about this game because I thought they could really made a good experience out of this.But I was very wrong... the game is disappointing (game for windows live doesn't help at all) and its mechanics are very very poor.Too bad.
76561197976577771,Not Recommended,209100,28514385,"Posted: 21 December, 2016",all,dC'Vector [HUN],"I love resident evil series (the movies) but this game is under average. Some characters are quite good, but it doesn't worth its price. The windows live crap has♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥me off too. I don't want any business with Xbox things, and I can't save? Deleted after 2 hours, new record."
76561198021064648,Recommended,209100,3338236,"Posted: 16 May, 2013",all,S.R.Romulus,"Quando era criança e jogava Resident Evi 2l com o leon por exemplo, com poucas balas, matando os zumbis com a pistola ficava imaginando de como seria legal jogar com os soldados das tropas especiais com metralhadoras e muita bala. Fiquei feliz com a idéia deste jogo, que vem para satisfazer essa vontade. Porém o jogo é muito, mas muito mal feito. Comprei apesar de ser super mal recomendado só pelo nome do Resident Evil. Jogar sozinho não da mesmo. Até foi legalzinho zerar com os meus amigos, porém a jogabilidade é muito ruim, houve bugs que atrapalharam seriamente o desenrolar do jogo, tive que passar uma parte em single player por causa de um bug. Acho que esse jogo só vale a pena ser comprado por um preço muito baixo. Zerei em 6 horas. Porém o jogo pode ser zerado até umas 3 vezes se você quiser habilitar as skills dos personagens etc. Porém muito ruim não recomendo."
,Not Recommended,209100,23661088,"Posted: 19 June, 2016",all,[IHM] Wool Smooth,"Do not buy, they dont even  give you real CD keys, wich means yo cant even play.I bought the game in a sale and it seems it is a general case, im still waiting for mi CD key."
76561198061532800,Not Recommended,209100,8208300,"Posted: 22 December, 2013",all,Tanimoral,"This game is a buggy peace of crap, dont touch."
76561197991710602,Not Recommended,209100,7968321,"Posted: 8 December, 2013",all,Xirky,horrible port almost unplayable
,Not Recommended,209100,19931570,"Posted: 25 December, 2015",all,Vesperia,"After playing this game for 18 minutes yesterday evening, and then trying to play it today but spending three hours fixing issues with installing it on my secondary HDD as it has more space and my primary storage is a 250GB SSD, and then moving the files to my SSD and reinstalling it, only to witness very few players playing the game at all and the quality of the gameplay, I have come to the conclusion that the only things that're good about this game are: Vector, Spectre, Foureyes' character models and the menu theme song.Do I think you should buy it? No. Not even if it's on sale, disgusting game. I was looking forward to this and so eager to buy it!..only to find out that it was a waste of my money. RE failed after Resident Evil 5, 6 was good but not that great.If you want a good RE game on Steam, go for the remastered edition of RE or RE4, RE5 or lastly Resident Evil: Revelations, a game that was ported from the 3DS with better and scarier gameplay than this wannabe tactical SWAT game, regardless of single/coop play."
76561198152447665,Not Recommended,209100,29570947,Posted: 29 January,all,liamjeavons,help this game does not launch when i try to start it i have tried everything
76561198184149129,Not Recommended,209100,30766109,Posted: 26 March,all,cocopuff777,havent played it yet wont load keeps kicking me out of game.
,Not Recommended,209100,8657527,"Posted: 10 January, 2014",all,Copiernic,"What a terrible game! And believe me, I am not a difficult gamer! I like most games I play but this one is terrible. The controls, camera, options, moves, weapons, skills, everything is bad. I've found though that playing with friends coop makes it alot better. Still, the game is not good not even a 5/10. Story is boring. Shooting is not fun. Unlocking stuff is made in a dull way.4/10. Stay away from this, you'll save money!"
76561198098126404,Not Recommended,209100,12048273,"Posted: 10 September, 2014",all,DoctorSourDezzle,i givew it a 0 not becouse its a bad game its because it dose not how at all on windows 8.1 steam needs to make a update so ppl that has windows 8 or 8.1 can play with out going though thia bullsh@$ of download is windows market thing so i am sh$% out of 40$ because it will not work on windows 8 or 8.1  so i do not recommend if you have windows 8 or 8.1 if they fix this then i do recommend because it is a fun game to play because i use to have it for the xbox 360 and so sorry for all the because's
,Not Recommended,209100,772693,"Posted: 24 May, 2012",all,TJX295,"This game sucks. It's what I would call broken. Terrible control over your character and laggy for no reason. I'll update this later when I feel I know more. My point is don't buy this terrible game, it's not worth $10."
76561198093453437,Not Recommended,209100,13193874,"Posted: 1 December, 2014",all,ibanezman98,Not exactly what I was expecting.
,Not Recommended,209100,12189308,"Posted: 22 September, 2014",all,NeoRizer,"It's a pretty awful game in terms of character animation, fluidity, balance, hit detection and just over all design. Thankfully it isn't canon to the series and is a ""what if"" scenario.You're a crack team of Umbrella operatives sent in to Raccoon City to retreve the G-Virus during the events of Resident Evil 2 & 3. There are 6 playable characters and you can customize a 4 man squad... Personally I think it could of did without a few of the classes as they seem to be quite useless for general game play situations... However the online portion (good luck finding people who still play this) might have some use for them.The gameplay itself is fairly annoying and cumbersome but once you get used to that, you'll figure it all out. Basically Shotguns and quick firing from your pistol are your friends... which is sad because there's over 40 weapons to unlock, all of which are just garbage when compared to a shotgun or good assault rifle.It's damn near impossible to beat the game solo on Professional which is my only gripe... You need a team of 4 people who know what they're doing. So if you intend to get the full experience, make sure you have a full group readily available. After all is said and done it's basically just a grind out to level 98... yes level 98, the year of the original events from Resident Evil.Capcom messed up by giving the SOCOM guys full reign of this because that's exactly what it is... a dated mess of a game with  a Resident Evil theme."
76561197964473274,Not Recommended,209100,7780096,"Posted: 26 November, 2013",all,alrunner4,"I haven't played in co-op, but this certainly isn't a game worth playing without friends. Poor controls and lots of bugs ruin anything this game has going for it."
76561198053250445,Not Recommended,209100,13411983,"Posted: 16 December, 2014",all,da¬chaos¬exerter,resident evil is one of the best games ever this is not resident evil its just a pile of crap that mised the dirt and landed on a cd instead
,Not Recommended,209100,8159167,"Posted: 20 December, 2013",all,QueenSasha24,"♥♥♥♥ this game.This is literally the most garbage shooter I've ever played. It's not fun as a tactical shooter (Which it's not despite the developer) and it's not fun as a Resident Evil game.As a Resident Evil fan I am INSULTED by this game existing. The only good thing about is the new characters, but otherwise this is useless garbage, and I don't recommend anyone buys it."
,Not Recommended,209100,968543,"Posted: 27 September, 2012",all,13thwarrior,Don't waste your money....
76561198043644111,Not Recommended,209100,7780047,"Posted: 26 November, 2013",all,Squeals for Meals,DO NOT BUY1. No players online2. Gameplay is absolute crap on this port3. THIS GAME HAS NEVER RECIEVED A SINGLE PATCH OR SERVICE UPDATE SINCE PORT WAS ON STEAM
76561198026051345,Not Recommended,209100,7902977,"Posted: 3 December, 2013",all,JuicePimpson,"this game is a ♥♥♥♥ing disgrace to all RE and shooter games that currently exist, and probably any that will exist in the future"
76561197993228079,Not Recommended,209100,1433232,"Posted: 27 November, 2012",all,siXau,Complete garbage.-5000/10
,Not Recommended,209100,9753674,"Posted: 7 April, 2014",all,Tomato™,GFWL. Enough said.
76561198103631267,Not Recommended,209100,30818685,Posted: 29 March,all,EllhnMakedonas,no support on windows 10 ♥♥♥♥ YOUR MOMS ♥♥♥♥ING MICROSOFT ♥♥♥♥♥♥S!!!!
76561198048493098,Not Recommended,209100,11585468,"Posted: 7 August, 2014",all,WILLIAM HACHE MACY'S DAY PARADE,While fighting special forces my best friend spectre™ randomly turned into a zombie and cause a TPKI've played all three gears of war and mass effect games and none felt as grindy™ as this game4 Eyes / 10
76561198014516323,Not Recommended,209100,13299322,"Posted: 9 December, 2014",all,Pvt. Meat Shield ☮,"This game is awful. I watched the reviews and got suckered in. Got in on release and damn... The game felt broken, stupid AI... Because of games like this I rarely pre-order any more. Wish I could get my money back for this.."
76561198077025018,Recommended,209100,13546430,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,The Grotesque Abomination,"The worst of the Resident Evil Series, but that doesn't mean its horrible.It's mainly due to the developers being new at not just the franchise, but at making games altogether.It's Developed by Slant Six Games, whoever the hell that is, and Published by Capcom - and it's more of a sidestory.That being said, if you really love all that is Resident Evil then you can dig it.I dug it.You go back to the events of Resident Evil 2, now from the perspective of the Umbrella Corporation going in to retrieve data. With DLC you get a whole new campaign from the U.S. Spec Ops perspective. This game definitely has a lot of content.However, it is a multiplayer based game and no one is online. Being a bummer it doesn't really affect the gameplay much because you can customize your teams loadouts. They are pretty competent on their own.My favorite feature of this game that I wish they retained forever is that when you get bit or soaked in infection, you actually BECOME infected. This is so awesome. You have to have the first aid spray to medicate yourself and fight off the infection, otherwise you will turn and your teammates will put you down.It's not the best port out there, but it's not unplayable by any means. I haven't dealt with any freezes or crashes, just when you aim it looks a little funny. Like your dude is a little choppy in his movement. Doesn't effect the gunplay though, I kill people and zombies fine.6.5/10"
76561197961909777,Not Recommended,209100,32787368,Posted: 25 June,all,The Major,"Do not be fooled by the small amount of time I put into this. This is a horrible, horrible port. The mouse & keyboard controls are absolutely horrible. It's like the sensitivity changes depending on if you aim vertically or horizontally, depending on if you ""aim"" or not, and it's just overall wonky. Also, the AI is not the smartest, and if I can find that out in this little amount of time, then that's saying something.Do yourself a favor and don't even get this on sale. I regret it, and I only spent $7.50 or so."
76561198072081222,Not Recommended,209100,33239317,Posted: 4 July,all,The Gecko Within 2,*elongates my eyes and pokes u in the head with them* sorry its hard to see where im going with these
76561198051109317,Recommended,209100,33069601,Posted: 30 June,all,B R [A] W L,Good story and graphic but bad shooting and gameplay :)worth the prise with offer.
,Not Recommended,209100,20284826,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,Tod,"Game refuses to even start, Used to work before GFWL was shutdown BUT because it no longer works I can't reccomend anyone buys it for that fact, its also heard that game saves no longer even work.The only thing that might even get this thing started is downloading a crack or patching out GFWL."
,Recommended,209100,22383306,"Posted: 12 April, 2016",all,Bucket of Doom,"Honestly, so far I have been having a blast!Playing with a bunch of friends is really the saviour here. I don't think this would be much fun alone.Now the game suffers from some terrible fps drops, I mean, the main menu runs at 20 fps.. And the game itself runs at a stable 60. Only drop in game has been on a level with an entire building on fire.The AI is not very smart but then again, they are zombies. The human AI is a bit better but nowhere near good. This does allow for some hilarious moments if you share them with friends. The postivite here is that the game does not allow you to run and gun. If you run in the open with humans firing at you, you will die. I like that.So should you buy it? Make sure you have at least 2 friends to play it with. Look at the guides to get Windows Live working properly and you should be fine. Also I can run this on Windows 10 64bit without problem... except for the main menu x)EDIT: 4 hour campaign? I bought this for 7 euros and that included all the dlcs, so I am not mad, but this was originally sold for 60. Thats just not accaptable."
76561198182819141,Recommended,209100,23560250,"Posted: 14 June, 2016",all,aWildAsianHasAppeared!,If more people played this game I'd play it again
,Not Recommended,209100,23561725,"Posted: 14 June, 2016",all,LewdExplosions,Bad port to PC.
76561198022748492,Not Recommended,209100,23567703,"Posted: 15 June, 2016",all,Wunderkuchen,"Don't buy the game, gfwl doesnt allow you to safe because you cant log in anymore somehow so every progress is wasted. Instant Refund!There are no fixes yet"
,Not Recommended,209100,23568573,"Posted: 15 June, 2016",all,If My 🅿🅾cket H🅰d Moneys,"I'm so worry when read review after purchase this game about game unplayable with window 10but game is work for me, I can played itWindow Live is still here! Game froce you to log in window live if you don't your game will not saveReally bad horrible optimize can't belive frame rate is dropGame Play is broken feel so horrible when I playedPlay for fun with your friend this game is ok Just don't expect too muchSo If you are RE Fan and just want to collect it like wait it for discount I get this game because is discount 80 percen Ahhh I can imagine if I get this game with full price how upset i'm I."
,Not Recommended,209100,25005927,"Posted: 18 August, 2016",all,SpaZtiK,"Biggest issue with this game is the FPS drops. Fixing the crashing issue is easy, but when Steam soaks up 50% of the CPU and you get massive FPS drops every 3 minutes, it's an issue with the game and not your PC at that point.Monitoring my computer, it runs fine when using 90%+ of your CPU. Once you see it dropping to 27% of your CPU, the game is almost unplayable..and that never stops.So the fix for that? Run the game outside of Steam, losing all DLC and Steam access. Eh, sure I'll try it. Works fine until 10 minutes in when it crashes, and never runs again when trying to boot.Sigh... Save your money people until they fix this."
76561197965937612,Not Recommended,209100,19354595,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,𝕜αωαdα 𝕙uηκ🎮,"I was really happy to see that the game was on sale, I jumped on it as fast as I could being a big RE serie fan.As much as I would like to recommend that game, I cannot !The game is poorly optimized, objects just pop right in front of you, gameplay is stiff like a 2001 shooter, game for windows live is a mess to install to make the game work, to augment difficulty they tought it would be fun to make the enemies bullet sponge (you actually need to shot enemies for 3sec in the head for them to day and sometimes they don't even react to being shot and just keep pourring bullets at you), so manny enemies shooting at you ! comon' its RE not Gears of War !!! QTE are weirdly spawn and sometime not responding . . . etc . . .I asked for a refund after 1H30. . .not even fun to play in co-op with friends like RE6"
,Not Recommended,209100,17587829,"Posted: 17 August, 2015",all,DocBerry,"I wanted to give this product a chance, but after playing for an hour I was unstatifed at the state this game was left in, and it still has ties to ""Games to windows Live"" that means no saving, no online mode, and DLC is pretty useless. Do not buy."
76561198071244445,Recommended,209100,14265487,"Posted: 31 January, 2015",all,Lo Ping ♥,"This is a fun game if you're a FPS fan. However, it's very hard to install the game if you have window 8."
76561197966664467,Not Recommended,209100,17227320,"Posted: 25 July, 2015",all,Lekwid,"Operation Raccoon city? More like Resident Evil cash grab for an unfinished and buggy game.The controls are horrible, the story isn't great and leaves you wondering how it ties in to the actual Raccoon Incident, and on top of that the characters are uninteresting. Save your money and sanity and steer clear of this game."
,Not Recommended,209100,14237619,"Posted: 30 January, 2015",all,ArkonBlade,"A game about shooting zombies with 4 friends this is not. You run around shooting bullet sponge soldiers who you can shoot them in the head for 10 seconds and will just stand there shooting back with no reaction....Resident Evil has become a joke. Its a just a shell of its former self. The story was lame , The AI just bumb rushes you as you pointlessly fire away at them. Its also only half a game.as Capcom who loves to bend its consumers over and give it to them up the rear decided it would be a great idea to cut out HALF THE GAME and charge you for it as DLC. i wish i could say i dont feel to bad for only payin $8 for this game with all the DLC but its still a waste of space on my HDD.What a great day it will be when Capcom finally goes under and maybe some other company will buy the IP rights and actaully make a RE game worth a damn."
,Not Recommended,209100,23558100,"Posted: 14 June, 2016",all,Master_2.0,"good trailer , very bad game."
,Recommended,209100,8653288,"Posted: 10 January, 2014",all,Spooky Pleb,"It's not as bad as people make it out to be, however it got more or less nothing in common with the other games in the series beyond it's story which is somewhat lacking.It focus on being a third person class squad based game where each person have a unique ability to support the squad with.Do i recommend this game? Yes, if you go in with an open mind and not expecting a classic Resident Evil game of any sorts it is a solid title to pick up at a sale like i did."
76561197981178031,Not Recommended,209100,33069441,Posted: 30 June,all,Malice,Games for Windows Live.That was my experience.
76561198022453818,Not Recommended,209100,15763802,"Posted: 9 May, 2015",all,Moist Hams,Hot garbage
,Not Recommended,209100,2258800,"Posted: 18 February, 2013",all,SpookberryPi π,"THIS GAME IS A PIECE OF♥♥♥♥♥♥AND IT ALWAYS PUTS ME IN A ♥♥♥♥♥♥ MOOD WHEN I PLAY IT.DO NOT PLAY.BAD, LAGGY CONSOLE PORT. DULL STORYLINE, UGLY GRAPHICS, UNLIKEABLE FORGETTABLE CHARACTERS, BLAGHHHHhate it"
76561197995838315,Not Recommended,209100,23566440,"Posted: 15 June, 2016",all,Powerfrit,"this game is just not fun at all. really not at all, and got nothing to do with resident evil"
,Not Recommended,209100,29349332,Posted: 18 January,all,Rhubarb,"Besides the wonky loophole to jerryrig the game to even run, it isn't even a fun game to play once it starts working. The zombie obliterations are kinda cool as you can shoot them all over and they'll pretty much fall apart but every boss is a bullet sponge that barely flinch to make openings. The tyrant fight is what did me in where nothing of use mattered and it became just a crapshoot where I would peek around corners to take advantage of the boss's terrible AI and my third person perspective.The game has a problem where it can't decide if it's a zombie game or a shooter. It tries to mix the elements into one another and it becomes an unenjoyable  experience overall. It does neither element right and it just leads to a frustrating mess where you get stun locked in a corner due to some awful level design. There are dead ends everywhere which can turn this game into a trial and error ordeal.The game's not good and it shouldn't be sold in the current condition it is in. If you can't hit play and actually play the game, it shouldn't be sold."
76561198256234099,Not Recommended,209100,23657459,"Posted: 19 June, 2016",all,RamonBurritos,"This review is just about the way Steam sells CD Keys that do not work for GFWL if you want to save your progress. I read up on how to fix Windows 10 and I thank most of the reviewers for their easy step by step process to reinstalling GFWL. Unfortunately, I tried to use my key to play online ( I am guessing that a slim few still play online) and it says it is invalid. Steam screwed me over for the first time with this, and it was on sale. You can still play but it won't let you save your progress. My next and last review for the game will involve me playing a lot more. For the first part, however Steam get your♥♥♥♥♥♥straight please!!"
76561198041548003,Not Recommended,209100,16070189,"Posted: 29 May, 2015",all,Lucky Bob,"Game doesn't even work. Download installed. Clicked it on steam, nothing happens. I didn't pay ♥♥♥♥ing money for a puzzle in solving this♥♥♥♥♥♥ i played for a zombie game."
,Recommended,209100,23851581,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,shadowslasher11X,Done better and more thought out than Umbrella Corps.
,Not Recommended,209100,20107484,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,TheGreatPatientZero,"My god, what a rancid pile of crap.I bought this years ago, and everytime I see it in my library, I want to punch myself in the face for my stupidity.It runs like extra-crunchy peanut butter gumming up my laptop, and looks like dog vomit.Cutscenes run behind their own voices and sounds, and EVERYTHING in them take forever to appear, then take even longer for their textures to pop in.Gameplay is even worse, where the very act of SPRINTING causes the framerate to tank.The guns can't fire accurately past five feet, and the grenades are like peaceful gusts of wind to the AI, but they'll send you flying like you've just been struck by a semi truck going at top speeds.Multiplayer is damn near non-existent, and all but 3 of the modes are bland copies of better modes from better games.I'm warning all of you: No matter how cheap it is on sale at any time, DO. NOT. SPEND. ANY amount of money on this garbage.Get Left 4 Dead 2 or Killing Floor.Much cheaper, and way more enjoyable."
76561198062891196,Not Recommended,209100,19324247,"Posted: 27 November, 2015",all,twitch.tv/Reckless_Fox,"I remember pre-ordering this game back in 2012 on the 360 because it looked pretty dope. Needless to say, I never picked up my copy. After 3 years, I grabbed it on Wednesday because it was finally on sale. Today I decided to stream the game on Twitch and after playing the game for 20 minutes, I requested a Refund. This game had so much potential and a promising story of the bad guy's prespective, yet it is overshadowed by awful AI, bad frame rates, and the fact that I can't play with others unless I have Windows Live. The only thing ""good"" about the game is that HUNK is in the game; thats pretty much it."
,Recommended,209100,23651158,"Posted: 19 June, 2016",all,Nabs,FUN GAME TO KILL FRIENDS IN XDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDD#CANCER GAME AHAHAHAWAAWHAHH
,Not Recommended,209100,17209961,"Posted: 24 July, 2015",all,Takii,total waste of money... not worth spending 30 bucks on a game that wont work and even if it does work for you the chances of you being able to play it correctly will be slim to none and for those of you who buy it get the same thing and ask for a refund... well you wont get either even if you only had it short while
76561198193376707,Not Recommended,209100,23729581,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,LunarKittenYuki =( > w Ó )=,"I had too mucv expectations of how great this game was. I could finally get this game after three years, it wasn't worth it."
,Recommended,209100,16584592,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,Sckhar Leviathan 🦊,"Resident Evil: Operation Raccoon Cityis a action game based on the main Resident Evil universe, the events on this game are not to be considered canon, they are mostly a ""what if"" scenario showing how things could have been if Umbrela was better prepared to handle the events that happened during Resident Evil 2 and 3.In this game you play as a Umbrela Elite Squad that is sent to the William Birkin's lab underneath Raccoon City to retrieve a sample of the G-Virus and to destroy any evidence that connects Umbrela to the virus outbreak that has killed thounsands of people and turned them into zombies.Pros:• Good graphics for relatively old game;• Interesting level system that gives you reason to replay the game;• Interesting alternate story showing a bit more of Umbrela's actions;• Extremely fun to play in co-op with up to 4 friends.Cons• Games for Windows Live (and not a chance to port this to Steamworks anytime soon, the company that made this game for Capcom no longer exists, therefore it's not possible to port it without high costs and we all know Capcom won't bother);• Amazingly dumb AI (and not only 1 of them, but 3);• Expensive for a old game and seldom goes on sale.All in all, RE:ORC is a great game. It's fun to play with your friends and it's nice to see other side of things around Raccoon City.People like to call this ""a great action game based in Resident Evil but a bad Resident Evil"", but most people do not realize that this game isn't canon and the events here are not part of the original RE timeline, it's just a ""what if"" games showing Umbrela's side of the Raccoon City outbreak.The Games for Windows Live is the main issue here, it's broken and particularly worse if you use Windows 8+.I do recommend this game, should it ever go on sale (which is hard to happen), try to get it for you and a couple of your friends, you'll have lots of coop gun together."
,Not Recommended,209100,8240412,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,Hulkslo,Not worth
,Recommended,209100,9709495,"Posted: 2 April, 2014",all,Islandshadows88,"This game isn't that bad as everyone says it is, its worth playing for any resident evil fan. The main story isn't that long its about 4-5 hours max and no one hardly plays the multiplayer, good luck finding a game to play online. The main story takes place around the same time as resident evil 2 and 3 in raccoon city. There is only a few bosses battles classic enemies like nemesis, tyrant, william birkin. Although this is not resident evil's strongest effort, its still really enjoyable for even the most causal of zombie fans."
,Recommended,209100,4010527,"Posted: 26 June, 2012",all,Thomas Mix,"The verses is like a mixture of Left 4 Dead and Modern Warfare series, having the infected as a third party influence. Pretty challenging, especially when the Tyrant drops down to play with us too."
,Recommended,209100,8901571,"Posted: 29 January, 2014",all,XFlame{IN},is this game not have any cards trading cards
,Not Recommended,209100,23939720,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,LeQuack,"Why does this game use a DRM service that stopped working 2 years ago!?This is stupid! I wanted to play this game again, but not THIS badly. This will be the first game I get refunded on, I think."
,Recommended,209100,22090621,"Posted: 27 March, 2016",all,12char2short,"Fun with friends, but no one plays online and single player campain sucks due to ♥♥♥♥♥♥ A.I. 6/10"
,Not Recommended,209100,22069359,"Posted: 26 March, 2016",all,Havel,Great game on console but I should have to have to spend half an hour looking up how to get the game to work!Buy it for your PS3 or X360 or just parite it
,Recommended,209100,11758231,"Posted: 17 August, 2014",all,שלום,so many downvotes that the 32bit vote counter broke and I needed to change it to a positive review...but this game still sucks so you can downvote it as much as you want.
,Recommended,209100,21846285,"Posted: 14 March, 2016",all,CommiTzar,Bertha is gonna fix you up good!
76561198032248509,Not Recommended,209100,21484822,"Posted: 26 February, 2016",all,Goth,Couldn't open the game.
,Recommended,209100,19727698,"Posted: 16 December, 2015",all,Geekster23,DONT BUY THIS GAME ITS SO BAD THAT I LOVE IT. TOTES BUY THIS GAME
,Not Recommended,209100,33189647,Posted: 3 July,all,9,Xp
76561197996425405,Not Recommended,209100,23907784,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,ChromeNewt,"Uses Games for Windows login, and since that's dead and the option to link to Steam is no longer available you can't save your progress. Could have at least stripped out the dead GFW or put a warning on the purchase.... :/"
,Recommended,209100,19871140,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,Fuck Me,"THEY FINALLY LOWERED THE PRICE ON A WINTER SALE, DO YOU KNOW HOW ♥♥♥♥ED I AM!?!a good game doe"
,Recommended,209100,8227919,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,Chris.step,"its Good if you want to play Co-op with your mates, but not good when you play on your own :("
76561197984150039,Recommended,209100,8742546,"Posted: 17 January, 2014",all,jEpi89,"Besides the mediocrity, RE:OPRC has a cool concept!"
,Not Recommended,209100,24272136,"Posted: 12 July, 2016",all,William J. Blazkowicz,"This game is a very interesting addition to the series but not in a good way. Some of what this game really gets right is the different weapons, this game is probably the most diverse in terms of weapons. However the gameplay is difficult even on casual and the game is unplayable single player. I liked this game but the story was also not very gripping it seems like it was designed for multiplayer. Overall I could not recommend this game because of its many flaws as a game by itself and its inability to stay true to the classic games I grew up with."
76561198274104421,Not Recommended,209100,34365397,Posted: 19 August,all,IT #Penny_Wise,can't lanch game
76561198039426818,Recommended,209100,23885256,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,Bodlinka.Chmel,next awesome resident evil game
76561198309286616,Recommended,209100,25011850,"Posted: 19 August, 2016",all,nightmare,i keep leging dontknow if its me or the game
76561198032035984,Not Recommended,209100,25057344,"Posted: 21 August, 2016",all,Devorath,A decent game totally ♥♥♥♥ed up by Games for Windows LIVE.
,Recommended,209100,22014204,"Posted: 23 March, 2016",all,**HK-47*88*,"Great game co-op, it gives a great prespective of what was going on behind the events of Resident evil 2 and 3.I personally liked the change in gameplay and felt it helps compleate the full resident evil story-line."
,Recommended,209100,22054672,"Posted: 25 March, 2016",all,Placebio,"I've always loved the Resident Evil series, i heard alot of mixed reviews about this game but it looked fun enough so I gave it a go.It's nothing specal, just a third person co-op shoot em up game, still quite fun if your bored with your endless libary of nothing to play.It did take me a while to get going however, since I had to make a windows live account in order to save my progress, but that's all over now.Overall I would recomend this game, but only during a steam sale, I got mine for $5 you might get yours more or less."
76561197980372335,Recommended,209100,22012863,"Posted: 23 March, 2016",all,Francis,Got it on sale.
76561198043732348,Recommended,209100,22033576,"Posted: 24 March, 2016",all,HorusDeathtouch,"There can be good and bad said about this, but overall, I love it.First of all, this game is extremely underrated.On the one hand, it's short, being able to finish the entire base campaign in about 4 hours if you know what you're doing, blowing through enemies, but still grabbing collectibles along the way (they are required for your chapter rankings in this one.) For example, look at my hours played (7.3 at the time of this review) - I've played all the way through the main campaign twice in just over 7 hours... Also, you have no ability to order your team where to go, which could come in handy if you want to do a mass team heal with one First Aid Spray, and once in a blue moon, the game will glitch in a way that prevents you from continuing, and the only way to fix it is to return to the main menu and reload... or die. This game could have really used a ""Restart Last Checkpoint"" option. This can be pretty brutal during the Echo Six DLC, because is not started the same way as the base campaign and you cannot return to a checkpoint if you return to the Main Menu, only if you die. And no, it is pretty much impossible to kill yourself if there are no enemies present at the time of the glitch. Also your squad would probably kill them anyway. Speaking of the AI though, they do die a lot. Sometimes you just have to pick your battles and make it to the next checkpoint to get them back instead of going back and reviving them manually.On the other hand, it's an amazing game to play with a few friends, and for being a few years old and having a bad overall reception, this game has a rather large cult following, and it actually still isn't too hard to play online.  As short as it is, fans of it have no problem playing through the campaign over and over, with diferent character/ability/weapon combos without it ever getting old.All in all, if you find that you enjoy this game, it's replay value soars sky-high. This is great, because if it had no replay value and a 4 hour campaign, this definitely would not be a positive review.Should you decide to pick this one up, definitely get the complete pack. The Echo Six DLC is literally half the game. It has increased difficulty over the main campaign and basically raises the play time of the whole thing to 8-9 hours if you don't have to restart checkpoints, for the feeling of a more complete gaming experience.-DLC-They kind of screwed us on the DLC with this one. When you buy the base game, you're only getting half of what you should be paying for and MUST buy the Echo Six packs for the complete game.The weapon packs are pretty pointless, as any vet of this game will tell you they aren't even the best weapons of their type so you'll probably end up never even using them. There is also only one costume change, and it's basically just a difference of the color pallette, and it only applies to the Wolfpack, not Echo Six.I have invested a ridiculous amount of hours into this game on PS3, and I was waiting for a sale to buy it on Steam, which almost never happens. If this game is on sale, buy the complete pack, buy it now.All in all, this is one that you either love or hate.A negative point that other players bring up is that it uses Games for Windows Live, but it's not really that much of a bad thing. Though some people have had issues, if everything is installed correctly, this game should work perfectly fine. Maybe they'll move it to Steam just like RE5 and Dead Rising 2 in the future."
76561198052582037,Recommended,209100,22041271,"Posted: 25 March, 2016",all,bro,this game is good but I have an issue with the echo six not showing up I think steam and capcom should fix this or find a solution so people do not have to go thru the headache and also make a good game frustrating! if i wanted a headache i could bash my head into a wall not get one trying to redl files ect
,Recommended,209100,19398733,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,TacoGao,"I will never understand why this game was so hated. Playing it even in 2015 the game does things that most multiplayer games STILL don't do. Optional exploration, secrets and collectibles. There's a certain level of polish that's usually thrown out a window as soon as a game becomes multiplayer (e.g. re4 to re5)."
76561197984169945,Not Recommended,209100,25048010,"Posted: 21 August, 2016",all,dj_mirage69,"Don't buy this game! Not only does the controller support no longer work with the Xbox one controller. But Now no matter what I do, I am getting 10-15 fps. I have an i7 with a 960m gpu, 12 gb ram, and 250gb ssd which can run games like the division, metal gear phantom pain, yet REORC Can't even get past 15 fps. Save your money, Or throw it in a garbage bin, but do NOT spend on this game."
,Recommended,209100,737614,"Posted: 19 May, 2012",all,Dane Vogel,Cool game gamers. Really hardcore.
,Recommended,209100,22230831,"Posted: 3 April, 2016",all,John Magnum,meh buy it when it goes on sale.
,Recommended,209100,22291002,"Posted: 7 April, 2016",all,Darc The Pumpkin King,"Resident Evil as a FPS = Guns + Zombies (Mutants) + Medical Marijuana!  Can play solo, but reccommended for two or more players for the most entertaining experience."
76561198304326350,Not Recommended,209100,23700357,"Posted: 21 June, 2016",all,sbvoyce,"I dont like being negative, but this game is just all round bad and glitchy, even with the fix's offered.I am a huge res evil fan, but Dont waste your coin when there are many many better options out there."
,Not Recommended,209100,28877677,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,Dr.Mr.EonKain,It's an OKAY game but sadly it still has GFWL.Even if you take that away from ORC and give it Steamworks it still is a buggy mess that is somehow enjoyable.Characters are the only saving grace this game has but sadly ruined due to booty (not good kind) broken gameplay.Maybe if Capcom would have took another year to debug and make gameplay better but I doubt it.Just skip this game.
76561198114951153,Not Recommended,209100,25025622,"Posted: 19 August, 2016",all,Hameck49,"Literally the franchise's ""Sonic Boom"". The gameplay is poorly balanced, the quicktime actions are poorly timed and move slowly (i.e. your character moves too slow and gets John Cena'd by a giant mutant zombie), and the cutscenes? Oh boy, the cutscenes... This is why I compare the game to Sonic Boom. The cutscenes jitter and jabber before the shot is fixed and moves forward... until the next camera transition. As for how the gameplay is poorly balanced, it's designed so that you waste a whole clip on one grunt because you missed 50% of it, and it takes the other 50% to take him down! add to that the fact that, after every cutscene, the game has a ♥♥♥♥♥-piddling hissy-fit and lags more than your average COD game before you can finally play semi-properly.Not my wisest Steam Sale buy..."
76561198072655150,Recommended,209100,29714945,Posted: 5 February,all,LIBIDIB,"It's a sloppy mess of a game, but I find it to be very entertaining. Any Resident Evil game that brings me back to Racoon City is one worth playing, even if it doesn't stand up to the quality of the main titles. Lots of guns to unlock, skills to improve, and plenty of zombies to shoot. Since updating to Windows 10 I had to download a different version on Games for Windows Live or wtv it's called which was frustrating for about 3 minutes but after that the game has been quite fun."
,Recommended,209100,29750833,Posted: 6 February,all,MorallyBankrupt,"Game was ok. People freaking out that its not RE, but fail to realize this is from a different POV. Wish it would of focused more on RE3 but all in all a good experience,"
,Recommended,209100,19525177,"Posted: 6 December, 2015",all,Comrade Fist,"Absolutely worth its price (especially during sales).Amazing campaign (it kinds of feel good to play the bad guys, for once...) , Amazing DLCs (but for those who prefer to remain goodies-goodies... Don't worry, the Echo Six pack's here for ya), good and intense gameplay (really fits both the multiplayer and singleplayer part of the game) , and so on...Its only drawback would be its graphics which are, despite being correct, not really ""excellent"", but that's pretty much it. Otherwise, I love this game, love the USS, love the little plus it gives to the Resident Evil storyline...It's good./inb4 -999 karmas"
,Not Recommended,209100,18884343,"Posted: 4 November, 2015",all,Ixoneru,"Just no, wtf is this, gears of war, splinter cell with zombies."
,Recommended,209100,7489555,"Posted: 26 October, 2013",all,DmC,"Decent game play, a nice change.   Been a  RE fan since the first one."
,Not Recommended,209100,29814637,Posted: 9 February,all,Jabbafeet,"Okay. absolutely terrible game okay.Terribly OptimisedTerrible AIThe hardest difficulty is everything takes 10x more bullets and enemies with guns have impeccible across the map aim. NO. Managed to play it all the way through in multiplayer... Was funny at the start... It ended up a chore, at best.Just... no.NEVER EVER pay full price for this game..."
,Recommended,209100,299826,"Posted: 11 June, 2012",all,Mister Sox < Fortnite,"Its good, when its on sale .. not worth the 50$ Multiplayer could use more player base"
76561198004005054,Recommended,209100,2205861,"Posted: 24 January, 2013",all,tacoman3657,The pinnacle of bad PC ports.
,Recommended,209100,5951621,"Posted: 15 August, 2012",all,[1st] Evil_Cyrcus,"Yes the game has a few down-sides, but I dont care what anyone says, its fun."
,Recommended,209100,11517139,"Posted: 2 August, 2014",all,Arklay North,"The game has it's flaws (mainly character design as it was outsourced by Capcom), but it's still a pretty entertaining third person shooter.  I've seen far worse games get better reviews.  While not a 'must have' by any means, it's still an enjoyable romp through Raccoon City."
76561197993265887,Recommended,209100,10176141,"Posted: 19 May, 2014",all,bishop31656,i love this game for ps3 to bad i need a new video card to play on pc
76561198053076282,Recommended,209100,5623236,"Posted: 18 May, 2013",all,Alvaro00N7,"Una ♥♥♥♥♥♥, decepcinante, grotesco, dantesco, graficos penosos, jugabilidad que apenas llega al aprobado y una narratiba corta y con falta de contexto. Para todos los que como yo sea fan de resident evil no lo cojais si no quereis de ser fan de esta serie. Puntuación -10"
,Recommended,209100,5554878,"Posted: 13 September, 2012",all,DIZI,"Très bonne idée de départ ce petit hors série, mais la jouabilitée n'est pas top. Le mécanisme est le même que sur RE4 ou RE5 et aurait gagné à être plus fluide .... Mais pouvoir jouer Hunk ou d'autres est très plaisant!------------------------------------------------------------------------------------// Ambiance / Univer / Personnages -> "" + ""// Jouabilité / Campagne -> "" - ""."
,Not Recommended,209100,25610620,"Posted: 20 September, 2016",all,Rob Geus,"I used to be a RE fan. Played this game with a friend of mine, together we could sit it through till the end. But it was not easy. This game is pretty repetitive and the AI is horrible. The story line is superficially and not at all rewarding.Games For Windows Live is not helping this case, they still ask 28 euros for this game?3/10"
,Not Recommended,209100,25343622,"Posted: 4 September, 2016",all,MisterSheepy,Let's see the graphics are horrible. The Gameplay is just got awful. The story feels generic. It feels like a quick cash grab with all the DLC.
,Not Recommended,209100,25386771,"Posted: 6 September, 2016",all,MadFinnTech,"My guilty pleasure!Capcom! Just update this game already to get rid of Games For Windows Live so I can go back to PC version. Framerates are kinda horrible on console, but as long as GFWL is cancering this game I will not touch it. Yeah, I rather choose horrible framerate over the abomination of GFWL. Pick your poison!"
,Not Recommended,209100,280550,"Posted: 26 April, 2013",all,Needs Food Badly,"This is probably the worst cover shooter I've ever played, and I have played some damn bad cover shooters in my time. Oh by the way, absolutely no one is playing this online. This is not worth a nickel."
76561198070957136,Recommended,209100,30797271,Posted: 28 March,all,JOEFISH619,"This is a very underrated game in the resident evil franchise, it’s not your normal resident evil game with survival horror and puzzles so if that what you are after play resident evil 4 or 5 however it does have a decent story set in the resident evil universe and if you can co-op with friends it is a fun shooter and worth picking up when on sale. There are some issues with the game such as it has some awkward controls for pc and i would recommend using an xbox controller as the game is more suited for controllers than mouse/keyboard and it still uses the old Microsoft games for windows so you will need to uninstall and download the new updated version from Microsoft, And if you have windows 10 u will need to go in your resident evil file and change the compatibility to windows 7 for it to even start up. To conclude worth a play but only if on sale (not worth £29.99) and if you don’t mind going a bit out of your way to allow you to start playing the game."
,Recommended,209100,27042307,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Necrophiliac,"Great game for online coop play , need's a badge doh."
,Recommended,209100,21377925,"Posted: 21 February, 2016",all,[SKT9]·nyzKo; tEh: trilli0naire:,Beat it one time and then beat it on every difficult after that. Really enjoyed this game for it's Third-person shooting.
76561198126287633,Not Recommended,209100,20884888,"Posted: 31 January, 2016",all,The Salt Knight,not if you have windows 8
,Recommended,209100,31093452,Posted: 12 April,all,Crunkstar,"Heard a lot of negative things said about this game, and I can see some of the points people bring up, but honestly, as a long time fan of the Resident Evil series, I really enjoyed this game.Sure, it's not like the others in the series, I suppose, if you're expecting a survival horror type of game. It's also not quite like the more action oriented entries in the series such as with RE 4/5/6. It tries to do its own things, and in some regards it succeeds, and in others, not so much. I wish there were more levels, as well as a bit more refinement on the guns and the cover system, as it can be a little cumbersome at times.Oh, and the one major thing I see people bring up and it is quite valid, the DRM. This still uses Game for Windows Live, and for some people, they can't get it to work, and for others, it's no problem. I didn't have an issue using GFWL even on Windows 10, but YMMV. But I do agree that games should be purged of that stupid thing.I got my fun out of it, wouldn't pay full price for it. I picked it up at a really cheap discount, and even then, you'll probably only enjoy it if you're a fan of the Resident Evil lore and get a little joy at the inclusion of past enemies and characters."
76561198022803000,Recommended,209100,16544804,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,mordos,"Awesome co-op game, bad single player game. Would cloak Predator style and snap zombies neck again."
76561198095831651,Recommended,209100,20573765,"Posted: 16 January, 2016",all,gjames812,This game wont launch for me it goes to a black screen like its going to load then it crashes and goes back to desktop i have re-downloaded this games 5 times and nuthing changed.I would reccomend it tho just because i have played it on ps3 but as far as PC i wouldnt know cuz it never launches! Can someone please help
76561198134212869,Not Recommended,209100,17729985,"Posted: 26 August, 2015",all,Never Lucky,"This game ♥♥♥♥ing sucks, controls are clunky, graphics are lacking, and i dont know why the even released this peice of♥♥♥♥♥♥port, i dont know if it was just my game but it wouldnt even let me play without a controllersave your money, this game is worthless in my opinion"
,Not Recommended,209100,18833087,"Posted: 1 November, 2015",all,BillTheBobCat,"This game is really really really really really really bad. Do not buy this game for any reason, even as a joke."
76561197971994874,Not Recommended,209100,18429291,"Posted: 11 October, 2015",all,Rotting Teeth,This is one of the worse games ever. Bad mistake buying it. Save your money and avoid.
,Not Recommended,209100,18579160,"Posted: 20 October, 2015",all,Joe,This game sucks! It's so boring. Worst resident evil game ever made..also the game is non canon. The game devs didn't even play resident evil 2 in which this game is based on.
76561198137047967,Not Recommended,209100,34761314,Posted: 5 September,all,Zero #VX,needs games for windows live.recommend uninstalling.
76561198067322299,Recommended,209100,27346504,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,frankmetal3,"Great game, in my opinion, if you manage to setup the microsoft live account. Just search within the game forum and you shouldn't have much problem with the game's functionality.Campaign:You play as the Wolf pack, Umbrella's Delta team, special force and must seek and destroy any evidence of Umbrella's experiments following the Dr.Birkin unwillingness to cooperate. External forces are involved with the good doctor, no one must leave alive.Secondary missions (optional add-on):You play as the Spec-Ops, sent by the goverment following the total radio silence of Raccoon City. Local info of the population status is sketchy at best, but an epidemic seems to be involved. Investigate and establish the current situation within the quarantine zone.Single Player :Pros: The atmosphere is incredible, from the bloody streets to Umbrella's ressearch center. From the simple zombie to Birkin's mutant form, a well defined fan service. There's a wide range of close combat combos you may master and, in time, you can unlock around 30 different firearms. Every character has different specs, each playing a key part within the team's survival.Cons: Your afliate teamates A.I. respond well, but it isn't the cadillac of programing. Their lack of tactics truly shows during the last mission when you must face an endless horde of Crimson heads while the Spec-Ops have a fortified forteress with (unidentify suspect) shooting you with a scoped rifle.Coop:Pros: The game is made for teamwork, as espected and its communication mechanics work like a charm.Cons: With Microsoft Live, no Lan, only online games which might cause some headaches to people who haven't a swift internet connection and wants to play with their siblings. Just a side note.Overall : Clearly needs more support from the 3rd part company or Capcom, but it's still a nice hidden gem. I reccomend it if you work past the Microsoft Live situation (Look for the solution on the forum).Have fun people! :)"
76561198047685041,Not Recommended,209100,25642855,"Posted: 22 September, 2016",all,Boosted,"Why can't this game be the same like it's own trailer. Capcom, you cheated on me. :("
76561198209760825,Not Recommended,209100,35082124,Posted: 20 September,all,yuyuhellscythe,"Overpriced even on sale. Purchased to play single player echo six missions. (This game is very outdated)- Crashed on install. Have to install GFWL first.- Online does NOT function. (Would most likely require more work to get online working if anyone still plays)- Echo six missions are buggy. (Randomly doesn't play movie sequence and you get stuck in a mission)- Recoil is horrid. (White reticle where you aim, Red laser where you're actually shooting)- Auto cling to wallsCompared to the PS3 version the PC port is much better in my opinion. The graphics look better. Recoil feels better (still not the greatest). Auto cling to walls seems more annoying on PC. The best part of the game was when it was originally released being able to enjoy the online multiplayer co-op and vs. Story isn't cannon. Unless you're a die hard fan that likes to play solo I would avoid this game."
76561198220660185,Not Recommended,209100,34673215,Posted: 1 September,all,newnexus4,Windows Live doesn't work... Either fix the issue or take the game off the market
,Recommended,209100,3931208,"Posted: 31 August, 2013",all,Porkchop,"After Hurricane Miguel hits Raccoon City, Wesker's Funk N' Bump Troop must navigate their way through retirement homes to ask the elders about the lost knowledge of the ages. However Leonardo Kenderson and Clarice Redbush have the book of 'Finland's Oatmeals, Pudding Pillows and the 5 Scrotum Q-tips', which is the prequel needed to defeat Capcom and it's plan to create Resident Evil 7."
76561198036732067,Recommended,209100,8526510,"Posted: 2 January, 2014",all,SusieQ,"If you want lots of LAG, more LAG and extremely horrendous lag, than this is the game for you."
,Recommended,209100,12197299,"Posted: 23 September, 2014",all,"Tiny Tina, The Bright Wizard","It definitely is rough around the edges, and the experience system is not really utilized as well as it could but if the game goes on sale for at most $20, it's worth the price of admission. It's enjoyable enough story and co-op campaign gameplay."
,Recommended,209100,12284739,"Posted: 28 September, 2014",all,Squids have curves,"I really liked that game back in 2012, it may feel different compared to the older RE but it doesn't make this one a bad game, it's just more action-horror than survival-horror. Different, but still good.Unfortunately the community is as good as dead and unless you plan to play it with a friend I wouldn't recommend it at it's current price, it's really fun on coop but it's not the same solo, so you may wait for a sale first.Didn't played the PvP part much, can't comment on this part."
,Not Recommended,209100,33391515,Posted: 8 July,all,Thalita,Bad game.
,Not Recommended,209100,18317973,"Posted: 3 October, 2015",all,Renegade:B.A.N.N.E.R.,"This game is a steaming pile that dosen't know where to derive it's source material.  The infinite respaning bullet sponges that are the enemies and the crappy dlc cash grab just makes the game infuriating.  And If you plan to multiplayer,  you can easily break the game by dishing out ""Too Much"" damage and breaking the game!!Seriously, catch  it on sale if you are a fanatic but never buy at full price!!!!Now yyou cant play the game because you cant properly update GFWL.  ♥♥♥♥ this game.  Pirate it, watch a youtube playthrough, play any other RE game but leave this crap alone."
76561198115633898,Recommended,209100,12833912,"Posted: 7 November, 2014",all,crazyjohn717,"This is an awesome game. True, it branches off from traditional Resident Evil games, but I think in a good way. All the characters given give the player a good chance to play their own way, and the co-operative aspect gives ORC more tactical gameplay than other Resident Evil games. The random encounters with Spec Ops in the game also add a bit of warfare into the game. So, if you love Left 4 dead and Gears of War and would like to see something of a combo between them, I fully recommend this game."
76561198090567871,Recommended,209100,11206148,"Posted: 12 July, 2014",all,Icewave,"HUNK murders a UBCS soldier, who has the potential to completely glitch out, along with a majority of the game.7/10."
76561198109189374,Recommended,209100,11995423,"Posted: 5 September, 2014",all,brenton3796,"This game is brilliant, but i just wish there were more guns, more missions and possibly a firefight mode to earn xp offline when you don't feel like playing campaign so i would like to see a dlc with more missions for each campaign and possibly a campaign as HUNK to try escape the city, just something like that would make it even better"
,Not Recommended,209100,23595169,"Posted: 16 June, 2016",all,Spoonerrific,"Owned this game on 360 and thought it wasn't THAT bad of a game. So when the complete pack was on sale for $8 I was like, ""What the heck - I can play through the Echo Six missions with my bro"". Within around an hour of playing, I remembered why this game got such bad reviews. Nothing about this game feels solid - nooooooothing. CQC is a joke, gun play feels loose and isn't satisfying, and any enemy that's not a zombie has a ridiculous amount of health. Oh yeah, and it uses Games for Windows LIVE. ♥♥♥♥ THAT♥♥♥♥♥♥ It's broken AF AND makes you get LIVE Gold to use any online features. #NoThanks #I'llBuyAGoodGameThanks"
76561198064429459,Recommended,209100,8251870,"Posted: 24 December, 2013",all,SLADEizGOD,Good game..even better with other players..
76561198054614970,Not Recommended,209100,17045514,"Posted: 14 July, 2015",all,[FOR] Sulo,I actually spent real life money on this. I think chugging antifreeze would've been a better decision
76561198019070582,Recommended,209100,7370434,"Posted: 12 October, 2013",all,Robbie,"Fun game. Not exactly ""Resident Evil"" style, but more action paced. Still has some nice features though, such as different classes, with special abilities, which is very suited to multiplayer.Although, this must be said: BEST PLAYED CO-OP!Playing this game with friends, makes this game 10x more fun.I would recommend it:6.5/10 SOLO8/10 CO-OP/Multiplayer"
76561198019279641,Not Recommended,209100,16539171,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,Maxx Gorff,"Calling this game bad is an understatement. Between the dull and bland characters, the poorly implemented ""Gears of War"" esque gameplay, sound design that is all over the place, and a plethora of bugs, RE:ORC is not so much a game as it is an excercise in self torment.My friends and I each bought this to play together over a year ago when it was last on sale, essentially as a group suicide pack, and we were not disappointed on that end. Playing with friends alleviates some of the problems, since a bad game can at least be comical when played as a group, but it also introduced another problem in the form of enemy health multipliers. With four players, some enemies can take an absolutely broken amount of punishment, even when all of you focus fire on one at a time.The DLC is just as bad, and includes its own set of bugs, including not selecting the next stage, changing the difficulty at random, and at times straight up crashing when your team is killed.Do NOT buy this under any circumstance, as you would be better off flushing your money down the toilet. For those of you who may be curious as to how bad this game actually is, you can view the recordings my friends and I made athttps://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLjMFLLlPbqSCqHymjk_ClH3O4UVna6hvj"
76561198015318904,Recommended,209100,11770325,"Posted: 18 August, 2014",all,Reaper,"Very good game, Capcom have taken different approach with this game in comparison to other Resident Evil games as you get to be the villains. In a nutshell, a lot of action; a lot of gore; and again fancing overwhelming odds. This is without a doubt the Resident Evil representation of Left 4 Dead. Much more interesting if played with friends and other online players."
,Not Recommended,209100,24267522,"Posted: 11 July, 2016",all,Anna Banana,"Don't.Just, don't.The game is ludicrously hard without 2+ people even on casual difficulty, and the gunplay mechanics are slow and sloppy.  It's like the tanky controls of RE1-5 had a really ugly baby with RE6.  Granted, the whole game is kind of an experiment.  But it's just a bad one.  Several things in the game left me wondering if the devs even played Resident Evil 2.There will be some nostalgic throwbacks, and I'll honestly say that the maps and character models are great.  The game had a lot of potential, and could have been redeemed.  But the lackluster story that is literally non-canon ruins the effort entirely.Don't waste your time.2/10"
,Not Recommended,209100,20008678,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,Lewdity,It is ♥♥♥♥ing terrible
76561198063417477,Recommended,209100,9939989,"Posted: 26 April, 2014",all,Keyeye,"Its an ok third person shooter. Abit of a story but nothing amazing. If you dont have anything to play and your board then play it. Make sure you buy it in a sale. There are issues with getting online. I did have an issues at the start where the game wouldnt run, but a d.ll file sorted it out.Worth a play if you get it cheap, Nothing amazing tho"
,Not Recommended,209100,33216720,Posted: 3 July,all,Speciaw Agent Dale Coopewr uwu,TO EVERY ONE SAYING OPERATION RACCOON CITY WAS NOT SCARY: i was scared when spectre slurped me up with their eye stalks :{
,Not Recommended,209100,23655179,"Posted: 19 June, 2016",all,Zeos,"Don't bother, especially if you're on Windows 10, GFWL doesn't work, and even if it did? The CD keys that have come out with the latest sale aren't even legitimate.Yes really, they're selling invalid CD Keys during the latest sale, and their support is conviniently down during the refund period."
,Recommended,209100,1649362,"Posted: 29 December, 2012",all,Rich™,"I almost didn't get this game because of all the bad reviews it got, but I am NOT disappointed with it at all, it feels like the old RE games, but adds a lot of new stuff to the table. It is set around the same time as Resident Evil 2 and Resident Evil 3, it is Umbrella Corporation's attempt to clean up their mess, it is worth your time and is not as bad as people make it out to be."
76561197984326920,Recommended,209100,28622585,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,shamburocketstr,"Don't believe the negative reviews. This game rocks!! I had no issues with GFWL in Windows 10. The graphics and game play are awesome. It's extremely fun and challenging. Buy this especially if it's on sale, and get the bundle with the extra campaigns."
,Recommended,209100,13333390,"Posted: 12 December, 2014",all,mishra,i need help i cant start the game (i got a new pc ) and now hy cant start can some one help my pls
,Recommended,209100,13373587,"Posted: 14 December, 2014",all,Ivanicus,"I think its a fun game, although the story sucks just slightly. I do agree that this kind of beats the undead horse into the ground, as Racoon City was long in the path.The major problem I found with playing it was trying to get it to work. The bad thing is that its launched not through Steam but through the obsolete Windows Live app. I wish they would update that so that it launches through Steam or some other relevant platform."
,Not Recommended,209100,12785997,"Posted: 4 November, 2014",all,Dark Templar,"If i had of known, that this game was made by the same game company who "" completed "" SOCOM CONFRONTATION,I would NOT have bought this game. Very telling trademarks, very reminiscent of SOCOM CONFRONTATION, like they just barely changed their engine to make this game.Go to youtube, and search SOCOM IS DEAD.... and you will know what i mean.Found several mission bugs, and for a game that is supposed to support multiplayer completion of missions, that is a big no-no. Also online is unbalanced as hell.If it comes down to $5, sure, buy it."
76561197971490910,Recommended,209100,13136097,"Posted: 28 November, 2014",all,Razariel,Epic Co-op!
76561198003456050,Recommended,209100,2172941,"Posted: 28 September, 2012",all,Doctor Zombie,"Got this as a wild card, I now love it. It's like a unforgiving Left 4 Dead 2 with butt♥♥♥♥♥♥around every corner waiting for you."
,Recommended,209100,8175260,"Posted: 21 December, 2013",all,d34th66,"i enjoyed this game quite a bit, was nice to just kick some♥♥♥♥♥in resident evil for a change, little too short tho. i'd only buy on sale for those thinking about buying"
,Recommended,209100,9690263,"Posted: 31 March, 2014",all,Prince Vegeta,"I'm going to go out on a limb here and say that this (other than Dead Rising 2), is my most enjoyable online co-op zombie experience. You can never have too much fun fighting the undead! And especially with the odd iconic Resident Evil character making a guest appearance, plus a very fun multiplayer experience.If I gave this game a solid rating, It would be a 7/10."
,Recommended,209100,1066206,"Posted: 13 August, 2012",all,Haarberger,"The creeps are pretty much gone by this game, still fun to have a 4 player tactical RE game with slow walking zombies for once, both zombie and war fans will like it, but probably not love it."
,Recommended,209100,1937280,"Posted: 20 May, 2012",all,Fragems,Overall its a pretty good game. definately quite a bit different from past RE games though. Not really much survival to it as the game throws tons of ammo at you. Which is quite necessary by the end of the game because alot of the difficulty comes from increased enemy numbers. By the end of the game i felt like I was playing Serious Sam not Resident Evil. Overall i would definately say it  is worth a try just for the co-op but unless you realy have to have it right now you might want to wait for a price drop or sale.
76561198066297090,Recommended,209100,7989122,"Posted: 9 December, 2013",all,Awesome Opossum,"A fun game if you don't go into it expecting a survival-style Resident Evil game. Would be much better if more people played versus, I have been in queue's  for 20 minutes before giving up on finding a match. Still a very enjoyable game, though."
,Recommended,209100,9019490,"Posted: 8 February, 2014",all,Punished Matt,"This is a game that could've been better on every level. Sure it's mindless fun but its still mindless. It feels insulting on how this is how the Japanease company, Capcom, percieves what Western Audiences like. Mind you they used the same engine for RE6, back when there was still hype for the game.Sure give it a spin, prepare for online being dead and computer allies being brainless and a campaign beaten in a few hours.Don't pay anything more than 15 for this game."
76561197982864600,Recommended,209100,14184840,"Posted: 26 January, 2015",all,SuperYuriGagarin,"This game hardly even works, and isn't really that good when it does.  Environments are nice, music takes some nice ques from the old RE games.  One boss is almost unbeatable thanks to a bug that causes him to spawn under the floor.8.5/10 tho"
76561197972805184,Not Recommended,209100,18362627,"Posted: 6 October, 2015",all,TICO,this game really SUCKS!!!!!!
76561198011657166,Not Recommended,209100,17595476,"Posted: 18 August, 2015",all,林北怕翻車 但林北不說,"DO NOT BUY IT, NO ONE IS STILL PLAYING THIS GAME!!!"
76561198167187727,Not Recommended,209100,18012784,"Posted: 13 September, 2015",all,avenged1fallen,IT'S NOT WORKING ON MY P.C. - WHAT A FUDGN WASTE OF MY F'N MONEY FIX THIS NOW!! I HAVE WINDOWS 8.1 WHATS THE F'N ISSUE.. IM NOT HAPPY
,Not Recommended,209100,18371312,"Posted: 7 October, 2015",all,WoodedMicrob hellcase.com,the game is dead
76561198011900541,Not Recommended,209100,23567163,"Posted: 15 June, 2016",all,Triggerhappy insanity,Do not buy this. It uses windows live. as a result it crashes every time you try to play it.Steam and Windows live does not mix. what the hell were they thinking ?Steam belongs on Steam and nowhere else. Same for Windows live games.There are no fixes for this game that work since it looks like on the forum no one has played the game for three years.on sale or not dont waste you money.Windows live games do not belong on Steam. Games made for Steam only belong here in this marketplace.
76561197982019202,Not Recommended,209100,23607927,"Posted: 16 June, 2016",all,Fetus Burglar,"The games movement and shooting animations are worse than Early playstation 1 games,graphics look like 3ds could do better and the story is god aweful even with a friend playing"
,Recommended,209100,9120559,"Posted: 15 February, 2014",all,Musashi,Better with a full squad XD
76561197976645026,Recommended,209100,9132378,"Posted: 15 February, 2014",all,InHonorWeTrust,"If you're a fan of the RE universe, you'll enjoy this game. The actual mechanics of the gameplay are a bit dated but entertaining nonetheless. Enjoying the story."
76561198009623175,Recommended,209100,8250937,"Posted: 24 December, 2013",all,TheEn4cer,"Don't buy Resident Evil 6, Buy this instead, when it's on sale only!."
,Recommended,209100,29638575,Posted: 1 February,all,Vector,Great Game. Had to fix a way around the start up problem. but after seriously all the hate it gets its a good game and solid gameplay. everyone bashes it for being bad but really only thing i hated was how the sound worked that was it. but yea soild game i actaully am sad none of this characters will be seen again. 10/10 happy i can kill leon and claire just because ♥♥♥♥ them <3
,Not Recommended,209100,25062297,"Posted: 21 August, 2016",all,Tasha,"Doesn't matter if you play this game for RE plot or for the action part, it sucks both ways. It's clunky, laggy and extremely bulletspongy.And Games for Windows Live is cancer"
76561198006403169,Recommended,209100,2366043,"Posted: 15 July, 2013",all,TMC Mr.Akina,Best RE since outbreak
76561198056160515,Recommended,209100,10912917,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,costellonicholas,This is a must have all the best part of resident evil in one game
76561198296147440,Not Recommended,209100,33283998,Posted: 5 July,all,benpena96,Loved the game back on 360 but GFWL ruined it. Haven't found any online matches. Wish it was on steamworks
,Not Recommended,209100,31176542,Posted: 16 April,all,Munch,"Games For Winodws Live Succs Balls And Should Never Be Used. My Game Barely Launched And The Gameplay Was Really Clunky. I Played The Game On The 360 And It Was Nearly The Best Resident Evil Game I Have Ever Played, My Favourite Has Always Been Resident Evil 5. I Had High Hopes For The Game But Clearly I Was Wrong To Assume That The Game Was Great For PC.If Anyone Is Reading This You Should Not Get This Game, I Never Want Anyone Eles To Feel The Pain I Went Through To Play The Game, I Spent More Time Attempting To Launch/Fixing The Game Then Playing It. I Have Tried Reinstalling And Uninstalling The Game Over 10 Times But Still It Work. Its Your Choice If You Want To Buy It Or Not But I Recommed Not To Get The Game On PC Trust Me.My Game Has Crashed Countless Times And I Uninstalled The Obomination For Good, I Never Want To Reinstall This Game Ever In My Intire LifeNever Get This Game For PC."
76561198019963444,Not Recommended,209100,31550370,Posted: 4 May,all,[Sneak].Eques,"Don't get this. Sadly this is reliant on the Games for Windows Live software, which is currently not working and is a fracking PAIN to use...Honestly its pretty pointless to even try to get it at this point. I've been struggling to play this game (back when it did work), with sub-optimization, while now when I tried returning to it, it crashes on startup.Im trying to get a refund from steam, but I doubt they will even give it at this point. This game is hopeless, don't bother...That goes for almost any game that requres GFWL software."
,Recommended,209100,4053165,"Posted: 16 June, 2012",all,.ℓυℓυ,"What a terrible , terrible game from Crapcom !!!!!!!Horrible control, so many bugs and stupid AIs .. that's all !!!I rate it 1/5 boohoo"
,Recommended,209100,12137475,"Posted: 18 September, 2014",all,KillsForCookies,"It sucks on all kinds of levels but its a fair share of fun.Nothing close to any other biohazards ive played but its interesting, would advice buyin at discount in case it doesnt suit your taste."
76561198092547459,Recommended,209100,23593619,"Posted: 16 June, 2016",all,grunt_,Wow what a great game loved it when it first came out loving it all over again
,Not Recommended,209100,29814656,Posted: 9 February,all,FoxyGrandma,"I wish I could get my money back . DEAR GOD DON'T BUY ,it's not even a fun ""bad"" game to play, It glitches multiple times when playing online co-op so you can't progress. Harder difficulties just ramp up their health so they all become bullet sponges. You are being robbed if you buy this game. IT IS BROKEN."
76561197961026701,Not Recommended,209100,26093885,"Posted: 17 October, 2016",all,Zenpj,"I decided to try it again after a couple years to see if they fixed it, Now it doesn't even open... just crashes right at the start, kinda like how it first was a few years ago..."
76561197976403180,Not Recommended,209100,21323196,"Posted: 19 February, 2016",all,Dr. LosT GuY D.C.,you need the full game but not many people play this game....so you most likely play it alone...buy the complete pack for  best over all game...buy cheap cause no full price it not good enough for that....on and I give 3.5 out of 10
76561198067116045,Not Recommended,209100,28934800,Posted: 2 January,all,KevinLeonidas,"This game is difficult to recommend for even the diehard Resident Evil fans. I would say the only reasons to buy it are:-on sale for $10 or lower, with all DLC included-you're like me and enjoy replaying games you bought for console back in the day and want to play them smoother with a mouse and keyboard with sweet graphics and smooth FPS-you really, really love RE-have a sense of duty to play every single RE game out there-want to shake things up and try a new game because you're bored of your Steam library (not sure how this is possible)Anyway, you must fulfill ALL these requirements to purchase this game! Not one or two, but ALL! I'm not even kidding. The game is a 5/10, maximum.RANTING TIME - don't have to read of courseLet me start out with a somewhat positive. Versus. Can be fun for the competitive types out there. Pretty cool to play as RE2 and RE3 heroes and villains. Gamemodes aren't too bad. If you have a group of friends to consistently play with, you'll most likely have fun.The game plays as a third-person shooter that has cover mechanics. I personally fell in love with these kinds of games since Gears of War (great cover system). Not here unfortunately. Cover mechanics are just out of wack. You can be in cover with half your damn body sticking out and it won't let you peek out for a shot! And of course you can still get hit. Sometimes you can't even peek out to shoot from cover. The positive is that they have one. It's like 60% broken, but they have one. As for your character movement, it is not smooth. There is a diving/dodge mechanic but it's not implemented in the best way either.Gunplay is OK. Not impressive by any means. You can aim and shoot your target with mostly no problems so it passes the test with a bare minimum score. Unfortunately there are weird angles that won't allow you to hit your enemies, but will allow your (gun-wielding) enemies to hit you. Ridiculous.Teammate AI - dumb as hell. No problem fighting regular zombies, but anything else (soldiers, bosses, hunters) it's like they're trying to get hurt. Enemy AI on the other hand, will wreck you. Even on normal difficulty. When fighting soldiers, the player character takes like 90% of the aggro. I mean♥♥♥♥♥♥ there's three other targets to choose from, wtf? And your teammate AI will barely do damage, while take a ton because they'll get in the crossfire. You're also going to hate getting knocked down, whether it be by and explosion, tyrant, hunter, whatever. The animation to get up is slow, and you'll just be a damage sponge until you get up and into cover. It's the worst when going against hunters, who have a leap attack that automatically knocks you down. And it's like auto aim, they'll change angles midair so you get hit no matter where you go. If you're targeted by 2 or 3 hunters they'll just keep leaping at you and you're in an endless loop of getting knocked down with no chance to maneuver around. BS way to die.Rant over. I don't recommend it really."
,Not Recommended,209100,28977605,Posted: 3 January,all,Ivewithin,Remove GFWL! and a price drop then yes...yes you may experiance a great L4D type clone set in the res evil universe. But since it dose not look like it...i'm sorry just dont put yourself though the pain of purchusing this.
,Not Recommended,209100,30071676,Posted: 20 February,all,DrugsBunny,dO NOT BUY THIS REQUIRES GFWL no support or updates trash game
76561198021757575,Recommended,209100,3380748,"Posted: 31 May, 2012",all,Incipit Satan,I Think this is The Best Resident Evil Game that they did!! Just hope That Resident Evil 6 is better than this!!!!!!!
76561197966619209,Not Recommended,209100,26170745,"Posted: 22 October, 2016",all,Virck,Absolutely love Resident Evil and want to gobble up all the tiny morsels of lore you can?Buy itIf you're looking for gameplay -  look elsewhere.
76561198033546410,Not Recommended,209100,21996866,"Posted: 22 March, 2016",all,AKIMBO A.F. .!.,"bad game play, stiff movement, I really hate 3rd person view."
,Recommended,209100,7627012,"Posted: 10 November, 2013",all,Eclipse-(╯°□°)╯,You're merely postponing the inevitable
,Recommended,209100,631738,"Posted: 22 July, 2013",all,Undying Zombie,"Fun game that I am shocked not more people play. It is a little buggy at times yea, but most of the time it is not bad enough to detract from teh fun I have had with it so far. I have not got a chance to play the MP ( When I say this I do not mean the Co-Op. Played this Co-Op  ) yet on the PC. However I have on the console and it was very fun. Really wish more people would play it. I would say get it for sure if it goes on sale."
76561198036212216,Recommended,209100,25051696,"Posted: 21 August, 2016",all,Ameretat,I don't own this...why can I write a review? :(
,Not Recommended,209100,12080201,"Posted: 12 September, 2014",all,Odessian,THIS GAME SUCKS!
,Recommended,209100,1830637,"Posted: 7 May, 2013",all,Rio,"Play spectre, see all the purps. Grab the purps. Get S-Ranks. Own your noob friends who suck♥♥♥♥♥♥and play Vector and other homos. Betray them and protect Leon because reasons and kill them because AI partnets are made of Nintendium. Become the most powerful ♥♥♥♥ lord to ever exist. This is my experience with this game, so because I was the best and I literally won the game and made everyone else lose...10 out of 10."
76561198007799026,Recommended,209100,2467791,"Posted: 7 October, 2012",all,Jason13,this game has been so fun playing.  awsome bloody game
,Recommended,209100,169630,"Posted: 23 October, 2012",all,McMillanFixXxeR,"I'll start with the bad:  FOV is awful !  I felt like I was playing the game through a magnifying glass.  Too many buttons for things that never needed to be... (Anti-viral) didn't need to be.  Controls are awkward and zoom aim is toos low.Don't get me wrong ~ I love Third Person Action games, I loved Lost Planet 2 (another Capcom game), but this one was a step backwards from that one.The good... it was actually fun outside that other stuff.  I had fun running around, getting ammo, and fighting different monsters in destroyed city areas.  Ultimately it is a glorified story mode versions of ""Merc Missions"" from RE 4, 5, and DS RE games.I had fun, could be awesome if I had peeps to play with; but it was a step backwars for Third person action games.  Took about 6 hours to beat the game and extra free Spec ops mission.Not bad, but for RE Fans or Third Person Action fans only."
,Not Recommended,209100,29679800,Posted: 3 February,all,Shrapnel Effect,"I brought this for a random shoot em up, so i could maybe still have a rez feeling, I just can't say this is a good game to buy, I was hoping it would be a good co op shooter even if a bad resident evil game. I've beaten it before on console and for some reason had a good memories, I think maybe I was young and easily entertained,Top not being too impressed with the game itself, its glitchy to a point where a mission would not finish and gameplay is clunky.... Don't buy."
76561198015643546,Recommended,209100,21953427,"Posted: 20 March, 2016",all,tessport,"THE BEST EVER, IF YOU REALLY LIKE TO PLAY"
,Recommended,209100,10917800,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,Vyndorthus,I actually like this game.
,Recommended,209100,4379510,"Posted: 9 July, 2013",all,GasMask,Meh... Could be better for a Resident Evil Game...
76561198068241657,Not Recommended,209100,23940485,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,Dr Saucey Lumps,i love this game on xbox but on PC it sucks  you have to download a fix to even start the game and when you get the game to work it will drop frames faster then my black dad dropped me out of his life and all the time it will run at like 20 frames till combat then wont go past 10 and drop to 0 every 15 seconds
76561198031265869,Not Recommended,209100,31903441,Posted: 22 May,all,Thel Vadam,The game is actually good but the developers have to remove the GFWL so that the game doesn't crash on start
76561198211825589,Not Recommended,209100,32231858,Posted: 6 June,all,Drako213,"DONT START, neer work"
,Recommended,209100,1572751,"Posted: 1 July, 2012",all,Interrogator_Chaplain N!N ®,Short Resident evil 5 mod farming fans love of the game by offering a few and disjointed scenes aparently linking the wolfpack to previous games. About a 4hr story and a few guns buyable through expierence gained in the game. No cash no collectables other than 100+ concept art gallery.4/10estimated gamer value: $15-$25
76561198030132547,Recommended,209100,15617472,"Posted: 29 April, 2015",all,Silvite,One of the few games that will not punish you for not having a group of friends to call on at all hours.
,Recommended,209100,10333941,"Posted: 3 June, 2014",all,Euthanasia,woth checking out
,Not Recommended,209100,32169390,Posted: 3 June,all,64fanatic,I like how everyone wears a full-face mask. That way the devs don't need to animate facial movements or lip sync. That right there kinda shows off the amount of effort given to the entire game.Play It COOP or Don't Play It At All / 10
76561198170176999,Recommended,209100,34115114,Posted: 8 August,all,scaryharry2003,it wont start at all. i dont know what to do pls HELP!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
,Recommended,209100,22669712,"Posted: 27 April, 2016",all,pyromaniac,i give it a windows live/10 still good though
76561198088935713,Not Recommended,209100,29097987,Posted: 7 January,all,Naughty_Fish,"I don't know what to think of this game.. After playing all the games in the series this game is like a mix between TF2 and Left For Dead 2. For the people saying ""you've played it with no problems"", must have a such a special alien system as I can agree with other people that say it doesn't work, I've spent more time trying to get it working then anything. Please people don't waste your money on this garbige."
,Recommended,209100,25175767,"Posted: 26 August, 2016",all,switch,game of the year.i had a good time falling through an elevator and dying everytime you try and fight the boss
76561198098323193,Not Recommended,209100,30538090,Posted: 16 March,all,artreyu91,"What the hell. Game runs fine and all but, the problem I am having is, that there is no audio. How do I fix this problem? I have windows 10."
,Not Recommended,209100,29786656,Posted: 8 February,all,ravyy,The only Horror is the gameplay.
76561198043161293,Recommended,209100,22945468,"Posted: 12 May, 2016",all,Z0011,Recomended.
,Recommended,209100,11988176,"Posted: 5 September, 2014",all,Robot Maid,"Resident Evil: Operation Raccoon City is a gaiden game for the Resident Evil series. It's skirts on the ""recommend"" side of ""recommend or not"", but only barely. There's quite a few flaws in the game, but it's overall not a bad game.A bit of background. You play as one of Delta Squad, an elite fireteam in the Umbrella Security Service. From there you take on increasingly harder missions assisting Umbrella in eliminating evidence of their involvement of Raccon City's outbreak and their ""morally questionable"" practices.Now this is NOT a bad game. However, if you walk into this game expecting a ""Resident Evil"" (i.e. survival horror with zombies) game, you WILL be disappointed. If you do not treat this game as a ""Resident Evil"" game, you will enjoy it significantly more.The good points,It runs on a class system, where there are six classes to pick from (Recon / Demolition / Assault / Sniper / Medic / Scientist), where each class has their own uses and skill sets. Only one of each class can be in the run at any given time, so your team will ALWAYS be missing something. This, in my opinion, is actually good, but can shoo away some people. For example, at some points you run into armed mines. Demolitions are the only ""safe"" way of effectively dealing with them, but if you don't have a Demolitions, you could be slowed down severely by those mines. If your team is lacking a medic, you will ALWAYS be missing something important. Optimally, you'd set up a fairly balanced team to go into these missions.The gameplay is fun. It's not ""Holy crap, you have to play this game"" fun, but it's fun. It's a passtime and enjoyable enough to play. There are some flaws in the gameplay, but that will be covered in the next section.Now for the bad points.It runs on Windows Live for some reason, so you'll need to get an account there to play the game online at all. It's especially redundant because looking at the grey / black background of this review window should give you the impression you're already on Steam. So why would we need Windows Live? I admit, this is incredibly minor. It's still a minor gripe, nonetheless.The AI in general. The AI enemies seem to be programmed as zombies. As a result, most of the enemies will come after human players. AI allies are also really, really, really, REALLY dumb. As a result, I recommend you play this game with AT LEAST 3 people. If you can find 2 other people to play this game with (that can, of course, agree on who will play what role), it'll be a much better experience.The cover system. It's terrible and needs a lot. The game is moderately schizophrenic on what qualifies as ""cover"" and what doesn't. Some ""cover"" doesn't protect you entirely and it can be a big hassle in the middle of a firefight. This somewhat ties into having more than just one player.OverallIn spite of the more ""bad points"" than ""good points"", one of the bad points is almost completely negated by having friends you can play with and another is more of a minor inconvenience. If you want to play this game, I would recommend that you wait for a sale and make sure you have a few friends you can play this game with. Even with all the DLC, this game is NOT worth the $40 price tag.TL;DR - Play with friends, wait for sale. Not a bad game."
,Not Recommended,209100,12746146,"Posted: 2 November, 2014",all,Mittens,"Awful game, seems to be a port of a console game initially.Cutscenes just are detatched from the game, G virus monster coming at you, all of a sudden, calm as hell cutscene.Weapon sounds are awful and innacturate, aiming is innacurate... etc etc.Seems to have been made for the simple point of cashing in on the movie franchise, by a team that have never made a game before, who have never seen the movies....P.S. we're not even  going to talk about the original games, this doesn't even  deserve to have those mentioned anywhere near it."
76561197964866568,Recommended,209100,195019,"Posted: 20 May, 2012",all,Crusader_bin,"Resident Evil: ORC is really hard to review. It is based on locations and characters of original series, but remember it is only (and just) a spin-off. It has singleplayer campaign, sure, but do not be fooled - this game is 100% AN ONLINE GAME, SP was added but it is NOT something you want to expirience, it was never meant to be SP and that's final. For hardcore RE fan the game will be good or very good (or awesome with the right people). For others it will just be an average shooter with some RPG elements (unlocking character skills and weapons). Versus multiplayer mode are something new and if you are bored of all the other games of the genre, you will spend few hours here and won't regret it. Game is not ground breaking, graphics are rather bad (for PCs it's like 5 years ago, consoles sux heh) and maps design are average. Not counting granades, friendly fire has not ben an issue to me yet, random players are reasonable so far - an old fanbase play this game, so that's good ;)"
76561198339016609,Recommended,209100,32789608,Posted: 25 June,all,DarkSerpent,"I think this is one of the good Resident Evil games I wish Alice from the movies could be in a game but this makes up for it, but over all a nice spin to zombie games"
76561198011787701,Not Recommended,209100,32910308,Posted: 27 June,all,Makta,Only tried it a bit before refund but it could be fun if you play with friends. Solo? No ♥♥♥♥ing way.Also GFWL/10
76561198047738537,Recommended,209100,22704456,"Posted: 29 April, 2016",all,Big boy baggy pants,"People are a little too harsh with this game. Sure,it is by no means perfect but i myself enjoyed being a badass member of the USS Delta team. It's a fun little alternate universe where you get to play as the bad guys for once! (playing with a friend is recommended)"
,Recommended,209100,433141,"Posted: 14 September, 2012",all,razoleg,"Every single RE fanboy/fangirl goes bright red in the face with rage after mentioning Raccoon City. Sure it doesn't provide the same ""survival horror"" experience, but it was never meant to do that.A little bit more budget would have made this game amazing, as well as a little bit more in-depth development of the Lupo's pack.Great for coop with friends, but otherwise a purely commercial project designed to milk the cash from the RE franchise fame."
76561198044640159,Recommended,209100,28911932,Posted: 1 January,all,Lonely,Better than RE5 and 6. SeemsGood
,Not Recommended,209100,32970537,Posted: 28 June,all,Ravenick,"Don't play this game. Even if you have 3 friends and you are sadistic enough to convince them to buy it on sale, don't."
,Not Recommended,209100,19684277,"Posted: 13 December, 2015",all,Jacket,I paid money for this.
,Not Recommended,209100,31985127,Posted: 26 May,all,Saulsa,is not good lots shi ♥♥♥♥ THIS MOTHER ♥♥♥♥ING ♥♥♥♥FACE ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ STUPID DUMB ♥♥♥♥♥ASS SON OF A ♥♥♥♥♥ ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ GAMEits just not very good man
76561198108618320,Not Recommended,209100,33708474,Posted: 21 July,all,Zombielad124,its broken and steam dosent ♥♥♥♥ing care
76561198055693421,Not Recommended,209100,32279877,Posted: 8 June,all,Dross,"This is the most poorly optimized RE title released on PC to date.  No matter what machine you run, hardware, software, OC'd, etc.. this game runs like CRAP.  NOT RECOMMENDED FOR ANY REASON!"
76561197978397616,Not Recommended,209100,32970510,Posted: 28 June,all,HEX|S,LITERAL.....AIDS.......
,Recommended,209100,31428799,Posted: 28 April,all,Pvt.Franky,"best resident evil game, everyone who don't agree with this is dumb"
76561198031447497,Not Recommended,209100,18849114,"Posted: 2 November, 2015",all,Sesshomaru,"This games is sad, poor aim system, movement, constantly crashing. fun multyplayer as long it works properly."
76561198056926812,Recommended,209100,5998642,"Posted: 23 May, 2012",all,SlenderFinch,Good game online and very good to play alone too :} everyone must buy this game
,Not Recommended,209100,2789259,"Posted: 19 May, 2012",all,Super Sherby,"worst game ever, seriously don't ever buy this and not even does the gameplay itsself suck♥♥♥♥♥, it's even full of bugs -_-' total waste of money"
,Recommended,209100,19353396,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,Dunn,"This game isn't as bad as they say. Sure it didn't completely follow the story. Its not like they gave Leon a haircut or made Nemisis not appear at all. We have to note that It was pretty neat to go back in time and visit the long forgotten Raccoon City. We get to see JIll, Leon, Sherry, Claire, Ada, Hunk, and Carlos. We get to fight Nemisis all over again and get to fight those pesky Tyrants. And who can forgot the all annoying Lickers and Hunters? Its a blast from the past and this is coming from a guy who grew up with the old Resident Evil. Sure its not great, and yeah its not worth $30 to $40. But we have to know that this is not as bad as people say it is.This game is basically Gears of War and Resident Evil combined.(Gears of war in a Resident Evil World.)The characters are awesome and actually have pretty good voice acting. The gore is awesome and the swearing is even better. Yeah this game is very different. This game instead of having two characters, you have 4. THAT YOU GET TO CHOOSE! :D. You must use team work and your abilities to live. Another thing that is new is that you can collect things.You can collect Raccoon trophies and data(literally just data lying around the floor) to get XP and unlock weapons or buffs to your character(that you get to choose)This also has my favorite machanics in it. You can literally turn into a zombie and watch as you eat your friends alive(FUNNY AS HELL).You also have a choice at the end.BUY IT ON SALE! and good luck x3"
76561198027026598,Recommended,209100,19357803,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,Imperial Lapdog,"Fun and dumb co-op if you can find it on sale. Paid 10 dollars for the game + expansions. My friend and I played through it in 10 hours. Laughed at some jank, but be warned that you have to install Games for Windows Live and use that."
76561198054980266,Not Recommended,209100,19372485,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,FaerieMary,It doesn't work. Maybe it's windows 10 or it just sucks.
76561197967921956,Recommended,209100,295792,"Posted: 21 May, 2012",all,iwillkimchiyou,"don't buy this ... it is a disaster game. lots of bugs, Frankly, counterstrike 1.5 is better than this. I thought about L4D, but it is a horrible game ever!!!!."
,Recommended,209100,19369212,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,Akula,"Good game, sequel please Capcom"
,Recommended,209100,19559667,"Posted: 7 December, 2015",all,Bartleby Carnage,"Let me first start off by saying that though I have played through other RE games, it has not been a major staple of gaming life.  That stated, this game is an interesting one.  A Rainbow Six style shooter with not as many tactics involved.  The game is best experienced with friends.  The graphics aren't particularly great, but the game can have an interesting draw to it that I really can't explain.  Each of the characters has some cool things that can be done, the weapons are interesting, as well as the special abilities.All in all this game is far from perfect.  But if you approach it with the mindset that this isn't your standard RE game, I think it has some interesting aspects to it.I believe it is worth your time and consideration."
76561198052172235,Recommended,209100,19558335,"Posted: 7 December, 2015",all,siegeshot,Great party squad shooter based on RE 1-2. Get it when it's on sale and enjoy with friends. Very very fun game.
,Recommended,209100,19365061,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,ShadowRav,"Didn't really understand why are there so much hate for this game, it's troublesome to make a windows live account but it's one time thing.I've been a fan of Resident evil since the late 90s, sure this can't beat the original 3 but it's still fun in it's own ways. As fun as it can be, it's not worth the full price for everything. Grab a friend or 2, or 3 to join in the fun!Cutscenes graphic were amazing, though I was disappointed in the choice of changing Jill's, Carlo's and Nemesis appearance and voice and Claire look.. not her best during in game.Vector and Beltway are awesome, by the time I write this review (4 hours of gameplay), I have only cleared Wolfpack's mission, going after Echo 6 next.Oh and get it on sales! This doesn't worth the full price!"
,Recommended,209100,19515013,"Posted: 5 December, 2015",all,the senpai hellcase.com,totally worth to buy game i love it
,Recommended,209100,19451750,"Posted: 2 December, 2015",all,Nezchrynliir,"This game may have bugs and some terrible ones, but if you can find the way around them you can bypass them.  Still this is not meant to be like any other Resident Evil game, I think this set the tone for games like 5 and 6 and then the combination of both styles in revelations and revelations 2.  This game stands up decently, and played fast paced and is a challenge.  I reccomend this game for any fan of resident evil and despite what negative you may read play it and make up your own mind.The co-op aspect of this game makes it more fun, and some missions easier as you have allies.  The addition of the spec ops missions also adds a nice element, this game is a play and make up your mind one.  If you just listen to the negative press then don't bother.  But if you want to form your own opinion, do so as it's pre adrenaline rush fun!"
,Recommended,209100,7542509,"Posted: 1 November, 2013",all,Joker,"En realidad no se trata de un Resident Evil si no de un FPS disfrazado de este, aun así al mezclarse con los hechos sucedidos en RE2 y algo de RE3 logra algunas cotas magistrales como las pelas con los T-103, Nemesis y los Hunters que acá son mucho mas peligrosos que en Revelations.Gráficamente no es una maravilla y consume recursos del PC como loco (corre mas lento en mi PC que RE6), la música es nueva y algo de los clásicos, técnicamente el sistema de apuntar esta malo ya que aunque dispares a la cabeza y veas que lo hiciste no será así.Al mezclarse con lo ocurrido en RE2 casi al 100% recorrerás partes del (a mí parecer), mejor Resident Evil, solo esto le suma varios puntos, te ayuda a entender mejor lo sucedido en RE2 sin alterar su historia mayormente.Peleas Épicas de RE2 en Full 3D revividas acá es lo mejor de este juego, aparte de su alma L4D, los Lickers y frenéticos lejos lo mas molesto del juego.6/10"
,Recommended,209100,10229350,"Posted: 25 May, 2014",all,Swaagneto~,"I've Played This Game on the 360 When It 1st Hit the Shelves.I Absolutely Loved This Game, Especially When I Had Someone to Play it With.I Recommend You Try This Game, It's Fun & Teamwork is Needed. lolIf You Have No TeamworkSkills, You Should Work on That. lol xD"
,Recommended,209100,1602978,"Posted: 17 August, 2012",all,☭ Zed ☭,Your a Umbrella soldier sent in too clean up Umbrella's mess that they blame you for. Umbrella Corporation: Our Business Is Life﻿ Itself ™.
76561197971816099,Recommended,209100,539133,"Posted: 21 February, 2013",all,Carrot Top,what a total piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥game .... insulting that it was sold to me at this price
,Recommended,209100,3613409,"Posted: 15 February, 2013",all,Seto Kaiba,"I don't fully understand why this game gets so much crap. I understand it's not all that great, but I don't think it's worth a metascore of 48 although it is not at all worth $50. If you really really want it, you may not regret getting it as long as you get it on sale. but if you are unsure then you should stay away!"
,Not Recommended,209100,599535,"Posted: 21 May, 2012",all,EetSoHaad,I regret this decision.
,Recommended,209100,2114289,"Posted: 31 May, 2012",all,JediPeaceWalker,"The power of Alt+Tab compels you!!!  Despite the sound glitch, dumber-than-zombie bot AI, extremely short campaign, and other less-mentionable hinderances to an entertaining treck through Raccoon City, I still like this game.  It so satisfying to pop a headshot on the undead.  Encountering a horde is one of the best moments in this game while blind firing behind cover is mundane.  If you like shooting zombies and can endure said glitches above, then you will have me as a partner in surviving the hell that is Raccoon City."
,Recommended,209100,4570429,"Posted: 28 May, 2012",all,Neal The Seal,awesome!
,Recommended,209100,564110,"Posted: 15 July, 2013",all,R4MpAgE,"I do not recommend this pile of♥♥♥♥♥♥to anyone, worst game i've ever played."
,Not Recommended,209100,13890164,"Posted: 7 January, 2015",all,NERO,"The story of modern Resident Evil is a series of crude attempts at action gaming/RE fan service. Don't get me wrong, I'm a big RE fan, but when you make these games insanely shallow, they're hardly worth experiencing. Raccoon City was hastily thrown together and feels more like a free DLC than a standalone game. Karate-kickiinig zombies in four directions is kinda cool, but the novelty wears off quickly when you realize how awful the rest of the game is. Don't bother with Raccoon City, just wait for Resident Evil HD or check out Revelations."
,Recommended,209100,2899860,"Posted: 19 May, 2012",all,[TACK'D][The Operator][8=D~ 0:],"Umbrella has unleashed it's latest ""Bio-Weapon"" and it's name is Resident Evil: Operation Raccoon City or codenamed by Umbrella as ""ORC"" and for the heads up? The name fits how disgustingly horrible this game is.  Let's go ahead and say that if this game was a zombie apocalypse? You'd be better off saving yourself the trouble and just doing yourself in with a bullet to the head rather than even waste time with this; In fact, it seems the best way to avoid wasting money on this game at all is to just do yourself the service- Here I thought we had all learned form Duke Nukem Forever.  Well, not even Umbrella can cover up for this steaming pile of♥♥♥♥♥♥this time.My review on how bad this game was is actually too long to post."
76561197971192326,Recommended,209100,500557,"Posted: 23 June, 2012",all,SH00TER63,Don't bother... Someday Steam might just update the game and let you d/l additional content - total disappointment. The least they could have done would be to communicate what the status of any update is.... Getting very sick of this treatment.
76561198079085211,Recommended,209100,14487416,"Posted: 15 February, 2015",all,THE.PREDATOR8790,resident evil orc is a decent zombie game of corse its not as good as the other RE games but it do yust fine for resident evil fanthe good +decent gameplaypretty good levelsthe multiplayer is also pretty gooda good amount of weaponsand very cool charactersthe bad-yust 7 levels way to shortit runs on windows games for live that is realy anoyingthe reloud animation is bad it bothers me :pand the moste anoying thing of all in this game is the great amount of health the soldiers have that is soooooo anoying that kinda mest up the game.dont get me wrong i love to play this but still buy it at your own risk be awere of games for windows liveend result 6/10
76561198033126021,Recommended,209100,14000898,"Posted: 15 January, 2015",all,ReeseKS13,"Operation Raccoon City takes us back to where it all started and treads a path laiden with familiar setpieces that fans of the franchise have known and loved. However its an almost straight console port with an antiquated GFWL messing with the program (nothing a google search for a fix cannot solve) but it did have trouble appealing to diehard fans of the Resident Evil franchise and thusly is an experience largely overlooked, by no means is this a 'bad' game but it had every opportunity to be so much greater than what it is.Operation Raccoon City's greatest strength is also its greatest weakness, a non-canonical and self contained story set between the events of much beloved Resident Evil 2 and 3 sees a USS Operative team initially led by HUNK; are taken through the events that transpired to bring Raccoon City to its knees. Initially the story remains on-canon with the rest of the timeline until your team is tasked with wiping out central characters of the Resident Evil franchise, namely Leon Scott Kennedy, Claire Redfield, Jill Valentine and anyone else who happens to wander into your path, this is where the game begins to flounder like a fish trapped in a wine glass. That isn't to say the story is terrible, but it muddies itself with getting involved in 'what-if' scenarios rather than choosing to focus on Umbrella's more devious wetwork conspiracies and opting 'out' to remain behind the shadows. It is because of this the story fails to be anything memorable or meaningful by distancing itself as far away from the canon of Resident Evil as it can which in the end is a great shame for something that had so much potential. Digressing away for a moment however, the very standalone nature of the narrative and its daring to turn away from the fans expectations to offer a new perspective is refreshing and should be commended; after all, there are no cliffhangers or questions left unanswered come the finale and the wake of all your destrution, so it does earn its merits there.Gameplay wise, its a mixed bag of nuts. A four player co-op campaign is there and with friends, its a great experience, a choice of 8 playable characters all with their own individual perks and playstyles can be upgraded through a below average levelling system in which you spend your hard earned XP for weapons, passive or combat skills. The controls are designed for gamepads in mind, the mouse and keyboard setup doesn't really work too well and navigating the environment rests between clunky or fluid. You wouldn't press a button and accidentally do something else but the accurate responses just dont quite hit the mark they should. Your adversaries are lethal bullet sponges and often will take more than a full clip of ammunition to bring them down. With online co-op, coordinated attacks can mean the difference between life and death and this can actually be joyous fun.As a single player experience it has the potential to be quite frustrating as your teams AI is lacking in some departments, yet excels in others. For example, they can manage themselves when it comes to healing, shooting or finding the nearest shady spot in an all out firefight but in close range combat they have a hard time deciding whether to go melee or gunsa'blazing, often resulting in their death through lack of final decision.The difficulty during missions can spike at key chokeholds found throughout the game, you could be sailing through one moment and suddenly you're watching the load screen time after time wondering what the hell happened? Even on a moderate difficulty setting the game will contest you for dominance, which for some, might be no bad thing; yet for others it will just be an aggrivating nightmare.Ammunition is always in abundance so the survival horror aspect is largely withdrawn in favour of running and gunning but if you ARE on a higher difficulty setting then you'll see its just as well with my points mentioned above. There is also, in all difficulties a pretty cool feature which can have the player contract the zombifying virus if they absorb too much damage or become infected when heavily bleeding, which puts on a desperate scramble for an anti-viral container to cure yourself before you turn and start eating your friends, all of which are limited in number throughout each chapter of the game. Death is not permenent when playing online with friends but offline, the AI are incapable of reviving you so being downed is a no-no unless you dont mind a fair bit of backtracking from the last checkpoint.There is some exploration to be had albiet completely optional, searching for CCTV cameras, token recording devices or laptops that reward you with additional XP and concept art unlocks in the gallery menu. All obtainable while looting for keys or switches to doors that were previously locked. So although levels seem linear, there is some exploration to be had, even if it is only minor deviations from your current tasks.In conclusion the game is not terrible by any means but it is a misfire on something so full of potential. Its like a cheap mulled wine, merlot or chardonnay; take your pick. Its a cheap, pleasant experience that gets the job done but you'll find yourself with a dry taste in your mouth at the end and if you drank too much of it, probably a bit of a headache. Still, an experience worth visiting if you can pick it up on sale with a few friends who are daring enough to give something new, yet old a try.FINAL SCORE:65/100By Daniel Kerr Spendlovewritten forAbsoluteHell.net"
,Not Recommended,209100,15967357,"Posted: 23 May, 2015",all,Vividly,"I can't really call myself a true Resident Evil fan, I've only recently managed to play Resident Evil 4 and have never played any of the original games (I.E Resident Evil 1-3). I will go ahead now and say I rather enjoy this game quite a bit, it's certainly got enough charm for a quick game every now and then but it doesn't have the lasting draw that most other RE games have. Resident Evil: Operation Raccoon City did some things right, but did quite a lot at a mediocre level and some things plain badly, so I'll tell you what i think, and you can decide for yourself.The Good-The Character design: The characters and most enemies in this game are quite varied in appearance and personality, and I like that. Mainly I'm talking about Wolf Pack here, they each have an interesting back-story that is never mentioned in-game (you'll need an external source like a wikia for that) and they all look unique and interesting. Personally if they were a little more developed I wouldn't mind seeing them in other games.-The Music: I'll say now regardless of how one-sided my opinion is, I love the music in the game. It's a mix of atmospheric tones to intense dramatic symphonies, all of them fit their respective situations perfectly.The Okay-The Cover mechanics: Cover in this game is a bit iffy, some things you can hide behind others you can't sometimes you can shoot from cover sometimes you can't. It's kinda like rolling the dice with your health and that's never a good thing.-The Combat mechanics: Combat is arguably the main aspect of RE:ORC, and when the main aspect of the game isn't the best part of the game, you're not in for a good time. Recoil feels almost non-existent but bullet spread is a pain to manage, especially with the less accurate weapons. The meele combat is okay, however performing executions and special moves is unresponsive and it usually takes multiple attempts to perform one.The Bad- Enemy design : Enemies in this game can be easily described with the term ""bullet sponge"". They all take a hell of a lot of ammo to kill and that's not helping the face you hardly have any to begin with. This isn't a problem when it comes to the slow and easy to deal with zombies, but when faced with enemy humans, hunters and lickers it becomes a huge problem and is even more apparent in the harder difficulties. Additionally shooting enemies hardly causes them to react, they just take it like nothing has happened most of the time which is frustrating when it comes to already hard to kill enemies like the hunters or the final boss depending on what choice you make.- The Story: Not much to say here, even for a spin off title in an alternate reality the story of this game is really weak and boring with no real development of characters.All in all, RE:ORC is a game that's fun with friends, but not worth the given price-tag. Give it a shot if you can ever get it cheaper but don't expect to be amazed by the game."
,Recommended,209100,4717361,"Posted: 29 September, 2012",all,Rusty,Very fun 3rd person action shooter
76561198018807824,Not Recommended,209100,15128511,"Posted: 30 March, 2015",all,Randori,Windows Live stands between me and the games I have paid for. I lost the password to the account and they want a paid account and credit card access to confirm my identity. They never had access to that information before. How does it ID me now? I won't be foolish enough to buy or recommend any Windows Live or Capcom software again.
,Not Recommended,209100,15139107,"Posted: 31 March, 2015",all,Gimponaballandchain,Wanted to like this game but it starts with the barely function mouse aim and goes down from there.
76561197991331824,Recommended,209100,16369380,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,Dedovsky,"good, recommended."
76561198042333306,Recommended,209100,16125067,"Posted: 1 June, 2015",all,markarot,While not the best game in the series still is a good game lots of fun with multi-player options. Other then the issue with games for windows live and the settings.dat file the game is easy to load and run. If you have issues with the game it is easy in most cases to fix should take more then 10 mins depending on your pc and knowlage. The reason the doesnt work is a Microsoft fail not the game company's or steams.
,Not Recommended,209100,14767786,"Posted: 6 March, 2015",all,Littlefoot,"Besides my own, personal gripe of seeing yetanotheraction-oriented Resident Evil game, I was somewhat excited a little with the game.But next came disappointed.The gameplay isn't much to talk about. It's your typical 3rd-person, shoulder-shooter with a Resident Evil skin. Some of the mechanics keep it interesting at times (like the ""infection"" status), but it's ultimately unoriginal and nothing special.So with a mediocre gameplay, surely the story would be its saving grace?Nope.The story, while midly amusing, is basically a ""what if"" plot for Resident Evil 2 and 3, and it's not very good. The only ""oohs"" and ""ahs"" you'll get are from the cameos of other characters in the series.Overall: Unless you're a die-hard Resident Evil fan, then you're better off saving your money. The mediocrity of this game isn't worth it."
76561198032872122,Recommended,209100,4151364,"Posted: 13 June, 2012",all,ZD-2409-2222,"A good game, however it is for those who have not previously playyed a RE game.Note that u will have to have a good computer to play this game.Good gameplay, however the A.I.'s are a bit stupid as most A.I.'s are, but your large selection of different weapons are good, the good variety characters and the cool special abilities. Invisibility,  laser trip mines and other goodies.The cool thing is that it is not ur typical 1 on 1, human vs zombies game.  It's you versus the government vs the zombies vs the Umbrella Corporations Bio-organic weapons (B.O.W.).  So its good the for the anarchist out there.The aiming does take a little while to adjust to ur prefered sensitivity and sometimes the aim gets blocked by an item such as a wall, the campaign is a bit short for my liking.I haven't been able to test the multiplayer stuff yet.You do need a windows live account to log on, you may need to pay for windows live games as most microsoft games do.overall 4/5 in my account"
,Recommended,209100,15077570,"Posted: 27 March, 2015",all,nightshade780,awesome fun little game. played it co op and had a great time.
76561197990406921,Not Recommended,209100,15066017,"Posted: 26 March, 2015",all,MMG Man,"interesting concept, bad execution"
76561198017441908,Not Recommended,209100,15018319,"Posted: 23 March, 2015",all,Bluemango,does not work
,Recommended,209100,7387061,"Posted: 14 October, 2013",all,♓⛎©k♊♌  🔘♑,não compre essa♥♥♥♥♥♥♥não funfa
76561198001888552,Recommended,209100,2076538,"Posted: 17 July, 2013",all,mVI.SgtFuLLer,ich kann es nicht empfehlen das game -.-es läuft nicht!!!! das spiel starte bei mir einfach nicht!!!!ich hatte vorher win8 drauf gings och nicht nun hab ich win7 drauf gehts och bloß nicht!!!! -.- kauft euch das spiel nicht auser ihr hab ne lösung wie es zu laufen geht einer meiner freunde geht das spiel warum kp mich kotzt das so an eh ich hab zwar nicht viel bezahlt für das spiel aber trotzdem kotzt mich das an das das game nicht funzt im internet steh auch nix weiter -.- ..............
76561198054420725,Recommended,209100,5705595,"Posted: 8 July, 2013",all,Nagash,Don't let its rating fool you. This game is not that bad! Its a great idea and the gameplay is decent and you get to have that WHAT IF feeling :). Its still better then re6 so get it :D!
,Recommended,209100,9389608,"Posted: 8 March, 2014",all,Bulba,"Love this game. Need a bit of fixing, if modded, it would be one of the best game I have played."
76561197972557951,Recommended,209100,9410642,"Posted: 10 March, 2014",all,JackWhite84,how should i rate this one...well its not the worst game ive played and not the best its amusing some parts of it but it lack feeling to it hard to describe but if u like resident evil u will play this at some point.
76561197975659688,Not Recommended,209100,9252312,"Posted: 24 February, 2014",all,gamer_jp,"Put lots of time in for this one but I have to say a terribly rushed game!!the bugs are simply inexcusable for a release and truely have never been fixed, and these are not simple bugs were talking game crashes on an average , random sound bug cuts sound off for no aparent reason but those are just the bugs.SINGLE PLAYER-enemies are bullet sponges-team ai is most useful when they are dead-weapons ammo and damage count is way out of porportions-cover and duck system for cover is basicall useless and broken (no one uses it)-and the best way to clear a level is to run through it after shooting your ai team in the head so they dont get in the way.MULTIPLAYERthis is really the only somewhat redeeming feature in this game and thats not saying much-all the bad stuff in single player still applies to single player except for team ai because its multiplayer-this game is very easily modded in system files which is sort of a double edge sword becasue u can make the game beterby changing gun and equiptment values however it sticks in mulitplayer and so if your modded you have given yourself a unfair advantage over other players in verses modes.Final words for this review. it was poorly made it was ignored by its own developers and it left its paying customers to rot and  still pay top shelf price.  There are some fun points to this game but no one in their right mind should ever support such a poorly put together product and never fix the bugs and then get the balls to try and sell dLC'sFINAL SCORE 2/10"
,Recommended,209100,9253730,"Posted: 24 February, 2014",all,Z3RO,"This is an excellent tps i find it is most enjoyable when playing with friends that said there are some very minor issues the first being that with Microsoft closing down Games for windows live the multiplayer servers are going to be unavailable along with the activation servers.  also i felt the campaign as fun as it was could have been longer,  same with the echo six dlc missionsi still love this game and as a fan of the franchise i was happy to see a side of RE3 i had only imagend"
,Recommended,209100,9287859,"Posted: 27 February, 2014",all,BigFenSteve,Got this game and all DLC
,Recommended,209100,3560263,"Posted: 10 August, 2012",all,Andrew,Fun only for Co op
76561197992337256,Recommended,209100,1374241,"Posted: 19 May, 2012",all,HoboSlayer,waaaaaaaaayyyy tooo short not better then left 4 deadThis game has so much potential let down by glitchy framerates and poor execution.If only the developers had polished it for another year or so.
76561198001468191,Not Recommended,209100,2048639,"Posted: 19 May, 2012",all,Mr. Tocklin,"Don't buy this game. I've never been so♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥at a game in my whole life.Guess what, for an ex: You need a windows live login (!!!!!) i mean, what the ♥♥♥♥?Isn't steam ♥♥♥♥ed up enough? Now they get backup from windows (microsoft) aswell. It's like hells angels and bandidos on mushrooms, together hand in hand.You can't use the dumbass key (oh yeah, you have to register this♥♥♥♥♥♥in windows live, wich is already super duper ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ since you buy it from steam)The controllers are more ♥♥♥♥ed than anything in you fantasy.The gameplay is really ♥♥♥♥♥♥.Where the hell are the zombies?DLC for RE:5 much??Did I say that the controlers suck balls? And that the gameplay is wackier than wackest?DON'T BUY THIS GAME!!!! If you do, buy ♥♥♥♥ing gasoline and a lighter the same hour.Burn this ""game""."
,Recommended,209100,6592517,"Posted: 8 April, 2013",all,CouthInk4,I have always liked the Resident Evil series.... And this game is one of the best i have played. It's nice to switch sides for once and play as Umbrella Corp instead of S.T.A.R.S and RPD. I reccomend playing this game because it's fun and if you want a game with killing zombies... Then this is the game for you xD
76561198047450838,Recommended,209100,8608700,"Posted: 7 January, 2014",all,unknown3113,"i like it but it need fleshed out, there are a lot of tweeking to this game and its far to short with the muli-player leaving much to be desirde. fun but ultmitly not worth full price and comon dlc $10 for 3 misions...comon capcom dont be dickbagsi really want RE:4 story mode but to play as these charicters thay look and feel wicked cool"
,Recommended,209100,4982454,"Posted: 23 June, 2013",all,Chef Mungus,"Good if you have no friends, bad if you have friends with no money for this expensive♥♥♥♥♥♥ 8/10, ♥♥♥♥ the aiming system."
76561198036161965,Recommended,209100,4376486,"Posted: 19 June, 2012",all,Kelthrai,"now this is a game ive been waiting for, too bad its riddled with bugs lol"
76561197990548443,Recommended,209100,8371664,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,Ahksar,"Recommended for a few people only. The game is interesting in the sense that you get to see behind the scenes in Racoon City and the Umbrella team is quite entertaining. The combat mechanics are pretty simple and sometimes plain weak, but it can be an enjoyable game. (Tip: If you can play with PEOPLE, the AI is TERRIBLE)"
76561197987149244,Recommended,209100,1119285,"Posted: 22 August, 2012",all,SaggyFlapjacks,I recommend not to get this game you need xbox live to save the game TOTAL BULSHIT IF YOU ASK ME MAKE A GAME FOR PC THAT DOESN'T NEED XBOX LIVE
,Recommended,209100,790866,"Posted: 8 July, 2012",all,Yro Dragon,"Much better than the game reviews are giving this. The storyline is fairly bad, but the game is fun as hell; especially the multiplayer. If your looking for an action shooter, this game is for you. If your expecting a game along the lines of the earlier resident evil games or even a game comparable to 4 or 5 then you'll probably be disappointed. The game could use a little polish, but what few gripes I have with the game are minor. The DLC campaign is 19.99 (two separate packs worth 9.99, with 6 new scenarios and 4 new maps) but is about 20x the campaign that the USS campaign is. I recommend waiting for it to go on sale and then pick up the DLC after for a much better experience."
,Not Recommended,209100,21310518,"Posted: 18 February, 2016",all,Anodyne,"-Games for windows live.Its really hard to overlook this. Why cant companies put a little effort in and patch this dam G4WL/DRM bull♥♥♥♥ from games. Hell this is a marketted product still being sold. This is fraud. Since no PC can download and play this game without a tricky file swapping session. That is not a product. Certnly not a complete one at the very least.Actually its better described as a broken product thats left to users to fix.... oh man.With that said I REALLY like this game. Gameplay is a little sloppy but carries some hidden charm. The characters are as interesting as any RE characters and the story... well. Idk. Its not bad. Its not particularly original but at the same time its nice to see a known plotline from a totally different perspective.Look, when push comes to shove Im not gonna recommend this game. I cant. Its 100% not runnable in its 'off the shelf' state which is just asinine. The content of this game is 'ok' and unfortunately(in my exp) the online aspect of this game no longer exists. Which I should mention is a rather large scale part of the game. Or was.Sry. I do not support G4WL, lack of support, and I do not feel the games content level justifies 30$.Game alone in its SP state: 7/10Game in consideration of price: 4/10No online: 3/10..and ofc with G4WL 0-1/10.Note: In case its not clear, you can bypass G4WL. The issues with Games for Windows Live have a fix availible. Its not part of the product your buying. It is however playable(last I checked) with a little effort.You can find such info in reviews or guides here on steam."
,Recommended,209100,3047177,"Posted: 20 May, 2012",all,Martin Cruisk,"Na boa. festival de Bugs! e mesmo corrigindo os bugs,... jogabilidade horrível. Até os CGs sao gugados. A movimentacao é extremamete artificial e a AI dos inimigos é igual a de minhoca! muito ruim mesmo! infelizmente joguei 49 dolares fora. Se vc ainda nao comprou, nao compre!"
,Recommended,209100,20829910,"Posted: 29 January, 2016",all,ObscureEdge,It's different from the originals which even though I dislike that cause I don't even like RE5 or RE6 if you have 4 people to play this co-op it still has a cool story and very enjoyable but the NPCs are pretty badly programed and it is a game for windows live which sucks but all in all I still enjoy it.
,Not Recommended,209100,20868218,"Posted: 31 January, 2016",all,turribel,"I bought the other RE games and I am sorry to say that I can't play this game. Can't even get through the first level. Of course this is after trying several times just to get the game to work in the first place. GFWM is a pain to set up, but once you do you can try to play the game. The pick up items are extremely difficult to find. picking them up is not straightforward either. What a shame. I gonna uninstall it, uninstall GFWM, cry, have a good nights sleep and then play something playable."
76561198065451451,Not Recommended,209100,21104421,"Posted: 10 February, 2016",all,mattyb1313,"The game should be removed from the market, Capcom should value their customers more and  a refund of the games paid price to all that have had to own a game that won't work due to the developer neglect. I'm a huge fan of all Resident Evil games but not no longer a fan of capcom and steam neglect of helping the community"
76561197971121571,Recommended,209100,21272507,"Posted: 17 February, 2016",all,ashwake,"I would only recommend this game to hard core Resident evil/Outbreak fans.I enjoyed it but at times it was flawed and unbalanced, playing by yourself with AI backing you on harder levels will test your patience.I did find a number of the Umbrella characters very interesting and like a lot of people would like to see more of Hunk in there res evil series."
76561198019727291,Not Recommended,209100,22014574,"Posted: 23 March, 2016",all,Yuri Himura,"Still uses game for windows live. Only bought it to play with others, can't. Refuuuuund."
76561197960506896,Recommended,209100,22167891,"Posted: 31 March, 2016",all,Bones,"Ah Resident Evil: Operation Raccoon City.. The all out action shooter, of the Resident Evil series.. Is it good? Well that all depends on what your looking for in a shooter.If your looking for deep tactical gameplay, you really won't find it here, its basically a mindless cover based shooter. You mow down zombies, abominations, and other mutated critters in droves. With some squads of the evil Umbrella swat teams thrown in for good measure. But, its main selling point is the multiplayer co-op the game has. Shooting tons of monsters with a buddy or 3 is great fun, and is what the game is all about.. You can play alone, and its still pretty fun, but not like playing with some friends.The story in the game is interesting, if your a Resident Evil fan, you will enjoy it as it tells a lot of what happened between events during RE2 & RE3, helps flesh out what happened in those two games, which is pretty cool.So overall its a fun game, a lot of fun with friends, but overall its a mindless action romp through the early Resident Evil story lines.Some people have issues getting the game to work, due to problems with GFWL and Win8 and Win10. But honestly its such and easy fix to get it working, its not that big a deal. True we shouldent have to deal with it, but blame microsoft for doing what they did with GFWL, but either way, even a person with a tiny little bit of computer saavy, can get the game running just fine."
76561197982087969,Not Recommended,209100,22164964,"Posted: 31 March, 2016",all,Richard,"This game isn't as bad as most people say it is, there are a lot of issues but overall the core concept is actually quite good and most of the gameplay is generally quite challenging. The Campaign is short lived through even with the DLC which stretches the total to about 8 or 9 hours on Normal.I did enjoy this game on single player on the Xbox 360 and Co-Op was fun on the PC but we had our share of issues. I cannot recommend the PC version for the awful amount of extra problems it seems to have in comparison to the console version with the first being the awful Games for Windows live overlay which doesn’t work unless you manually remove the one that comes with this game a different version of it.If you’re looking to enjoy this game I wouldn’t take it too seriously; it’s just a bit of multiplayer fun more than anything but I would get the console version anytime over this."
76561198077250260,Not Recommended,209100,20237998,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,Kalence,♥♥♥♥♥sucks lol
76561198092026462,Not Recommended,209100,20269198,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,Lothric Knight Stone,"Games For Windows Live. Enough said about why this is a horrible purchase for PC.Want a cheap co-op experience where you get what you pay for (If you get it for like $5.00) ? Get it for Xbox 360 or something, where the multiplayer at least works. Or, alternatively, get Resident Evil 5."
,Recommended,209100,20373431,"Posted: 7 January, 2016",all,wallcrawler93,"I like this game! How ever, I'm not sure if it's a Steam thing or just the game in general but, sometimes it'll boot up and let me play, other times it won't!"
,Recommended,209100,20387815,"Posted: 7 January, 2016",all,Sweepy King of Halo,"Fun co-op shooter set in the Resident Evil universe. It veers off course of classic RE games by adding a major emphasis on combat rather than survival or exploration. Even funner when you can manage to drag some friends in with you.As of this review it is still on GFWL system which makes it so you cannot play MP or save your progress which makes it really hard to convince you to buy it. Still fun in single player (easily completed in a single sitting if you don't go for 100%), but your best bet for buying this is either waiting for a large sale and waiting on Valve to move this to steamworks."
,Recommended,209100,20573402,"Posted: 16 January, 2016",all,Punished Bump,"It's an absolute pain to get the game to actually open, you still have to deal with GFWL, without the DLCs it's only about 3 hours long (the DLCs adding a roughly equal amount of time), and the AI is dumber than Payday 2's.That aside, even with fragments of GFWL still there connecting to play with a friend works easily, and the gameplay itself is at least a 7/10.Get the Complete Pack, and then play it with a buddy or two, and you've actually got a pretty solid and enjoyable, if still short game.Some things to try if you can't get it to open:1. Make sure it's installed to the same drive as Windows.2. Uninstall MS GFWL Redistributable and MS GFW Marketplace using Control Panel's Uninstall feature, and then redownload/reinstall GFWL.3. Go to My Documents/Capcom/RERC and delete settings.dat (This is only applicable if you've gotten the game to run at least once before).4. Just keep opening it straight from the .exe over and over, lots of times it'll eventually work."
,Recommended,209100,20513046,"Posted: 13 January, 2016",all,Burdo,"Resident Evil ORC Review:Resident Evil Operation Racoon City is lame, a let down, and a pain in your rear end.The game takes place in Racoon City during the Infamous infection time, (Same time as Resident Evil 2 & 3). You are part of a squad from Umbrella that must follow orders and do missions within the disastrous and unstable Raccoon City.You are a squadron of 4 deployed by Umbrella, you get to choose your character you play as, aswell as the companions you bring along with you, note the campaign can also be played with 4 other players to have a full coop story experience.There is a a few different classes and characters, such as Vector(Recon), Lupo, Beltway (Explosive Specialist), Spectre (Marksman), Bertha (Medic), FourEyes (Scientist). They all have different abilities such as Stealth, Seeing through Walls, Plantings explosives, Healing, & all kinds of different perks. Which is nice to be able to choose whom you enjoy playing as the most.You can unlock new weapons, perks & abilities by buying them with XP which is nice. Though the level system is quite redundent.The story itself is mediocre, nothing to shabby or to keep you wanting to move forward, you end up just shugging along although it was nice to see characters such as Nemesis, Leon, Claire, Sherry & Ada during your travels in Raccoon City. It was a nice cross-over with Resident Evil 2-3's story although this games story is Non-Canon to the series.Now well the big part, the Gameplay. I found this game to be entertaining most times. Shooting up zombies and infected, (those Crimson Heads & Hunters sure could be a pain) but I enjoyed having a challenge with B.O.W's which was nice and shooting up zombies on the streets of Raccoon City.What I absolutely despised about this game was the ""Enemy Soldiers"", they were literarly your worst nightmare and they were freaking everywhere you go in this damn game. They would be spammed in large numbers and were hard to kill, they would Harass/Aim-Bot/Shoot You Up as if you were trying to land on D-Day. One soldier could literarly murder you within 2 seconds if your not in cover, now imagine 15 of them clumped like a bunker you have to get through (Dying Simulater begins). The Enemy Soldier A.I are ridiculously hard in this game even on Normal and they will kill you.Remember when I mentioned getting through soldiers is like attempting to get through a bunker with an automated turret?, well imagine that but with 20 zombies harassing you at the same time, is that not enough how about annoying Crimson Heads and Hunters, yea your gonna get real angry during situations like that because this game is stupidly unbalanced.Ah, so you cleared the area of Zombies & B.O.W's?, well you better watch out because that soldier over there just killed  you. Oh?, not a problem right this game has checkpoints?, Oh did I forget to mention this game has one of the worst Checkpoints systems I have ever seen... If you clear a room of 50 people proceed a bit further and die... well guess what? you gotta clear all that bull crap again, and it will happen ALOT in this game.But, I have A.I Partners to help me right?, Your A.I Partners are useless as Nipples on a Man. They may get a few zombie kills, but oh boy when it comes to fighting Soldiers & B.O.W's you are the one whos gonna do all the work. Example of treachery: You have Bertha on your team because she's a medic, well she aint gonna heal you when you absolutely need it, you could be right next to her with little to no health and she will prioretize any enemy over healing your behind.If you got friends you can play with, do it because the A.I are useless, YOU are the one man army here with a bunch of monkeys with guns.This game has a crappy Auto-Cover system, more reason to die.Overall, this game can provide entertainment. I had fun playing it, apart from the deaths from soldiers of course. Is it worth its retail value?, Absolutely not BUY IT ON SALE as I did, no more than $10 should you pay for this game.Don't believe me about the Enemy Soldiers?, well I will leave that for you to find out on your own :)"
76561197970749812,Not Recommended,209100,456100,"Posted: 25 May, 2012",all,.:BJG:.,WORST then duke nukem forever. capcom should pay you to play this crap.highly NOT recommend
76561198042923366,Not Recommended,209100,20003252,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,byungsa,"This game is a missed opportunity.  It's as if they got the worst parts of and FPS and decided to put it all into one.   Get it for like $5 if it's on sale but if not, don't bother."
76561198120282327,Recommended,209100,25084809,"Posted: 22 August, 2016",all,Unknown,I saw a zombie and quit the game. 10/10 Zombiephobia again.
,Recommended,209100,25071449,"Posted: 22 August, 2016",all,Razonix,"The classical games of the Resident Evil franchise are mostly about surviving, dealing with the tension of managing low supplies and also some puzzle solving. Well, you can basically say goodbye to all of those features in this game, because it's basically an action-oriented title which surely does a great job at it. Now that the basic mechanics were explained, what about the story? There're two different storylines to be mentioned: In the first one, you control a bunch of mercs who're there trying to erase all the data related to the Umbrella's incident, in other words, you take the role of the bad guys. As for the other one, it's the other way around, I mean, you lead a team that is there looking for survivors. The graphics are cool, the soundtrack is ok too, there's nothing exceptional to be mentioned besides that though. As for the gameplay itself, I really don't advise playing the game on your own, because the AI is so dumb that your teammates all behave like a bunch of pigeons. Besides that, you may also bump into one or two glitches that can be really annoying (especially the elevator one), although in my personal opinion they aren't enough bad to spoil the whole experience. There're several different characters that you can choose and each of them have special skills and weapons, which can be unlocked through experience points and that is something cool. I can't really say anything concerning compatibility problems because I still use Win7. Either way, me and my friends had to deal with a headache while we were trying to play online but fortunately that problem was solved after some ports were opened at the router.Tl;dr - Forget about the classical Resident Evil games. This is basically Gears of War with zombies and it's definitely meant to be played with your friends, not alone."
,Recommended,209100,25002874,"Posted: 18 August, 2016",all,Cross,Gears of Resident Evil. underrated gem in my mind.
76561198037745413,Not Recommended,209100,26380865,"Posted: 2 November, 2016",all,Agt. Lucy Ashworth,"Stiff, muddled, and a missed opportunity.+++PROS+++The best thing about this game were the characters. They were the ""ghostly light up specialist"" theme turned way up, and they were very cool, charming, and interesting. Their costumes were fantastic too; you can easily tell who's specialty is what based on their appearance.---CONS---***ON THE BOND OF THE TEAM***I think this game should have been very focused on the main characters of this game, this very cool band of specialists, which seem to have had a disproportionate amount of care in making compared to the rest of the game.The story is nothing to get too invested in. I could hardly care about how the story of Delta Team fits into the rest of Resident Evil. It is, after all, easily inserted without any loose ends, but also not fitting edges with evidence; the previous games did not leave unanswered mysteries in mind for this game to answer. It could have been very interesting, looking behind the curtain, but there never was any curtain.As it is, the Delta Team missions are a backdrop to what the story should have been about: the unity of the team and the forces that stress them, including their employers. The game did write in some strain between Delta Team and their employers, but it felt shallow. It was told through some audio lines, so the characters' emotions about the situation were limited in expression; we see our characters standing still, backs turned, as they say these things. There was one cutscene that was nice, as the commander angrily calls Umbrella, but after that, we're back trudging along through chores, following orders. I didn't feel as if this conflict gave me motivation. In the end, it all resulted in a binary and meaningless choice; follow one final order or don't. I think the story could have used more illustration of the bond of the team and the disagreement with Umbrella. How? Cinematics, make the characters feel more life like than 3rd person models. Gameplay, have the characters help each other more; as it stands, you're just playing alongside people rather than with them. As for the Umbrella conflict, perhaps Umbrella could provide aerial or technical support that comes and goes with the story.The basic idea of throwing zombies into a mix of opposing fireteams can be interesting, but then the game has to be, first and foremost, built around firearm combat. If you want tactical gameplay that requires use of cover, you have to lower the time to kill and plan the covers and positions for smart decisions. Instead, you trudge along your path until find a cluster of fireteam enemies and you take cover and play whack a mole, popping out when they finally pop out, waiting until they're all gone.The cover system was a mess. I had to run to cover, then back up, then walk forward slowly to enter cover, which tries to go automatically."
,Recommended,209100,2275420,"Posted: 2 January, 2013",all,Zyrodil,"It's a fun Co-op experience.Don't expect too much and you'll be fine.Oh♥♥♥♥♥♥and by the way, half the game is hidden behind 2 DLC's, 9,99 euros each."
,Recommended,209100,4520665,"Posted: 24 November, 2012",all,Tao,"Despite its low reviews, I personally enjoyed the game. The game is fun and I enjoyed it. Playing it with friends was even better. It can be glitchy but overall the game has variety and neat skills. Maybe not worth it at its full price but definitely worth it during a sale."
,Recommended,209100,28544725,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,Kuromine Asahi,"Alright. Okay. This game is not good.HOWEVER.It is fun to play,Multiplayer, just joking around.Its hard to take the game seriously because for some reason all the cutscenes are really quiet compared to normal gameplay, the game has Gamebreaking glitches that make it impossible to beat some sections multiplayer (Showcased in some screenshots i took.) and last but not leastIts just not rewarding to play,Shooting things has a slight delay and theres no hit marker or and positive reinforcement, that makes you feel good about it.The Cover system is worthless, even under cover your going to die.And the Perks and Gun Unlocking system is just inintuitive.This isn't going to be anyones favorite game.But im still going to recommend it because i had a good time with it, and certain parts of the game have a lot of charm,Just know what your getting into."
,Not Recommended,209100,26330435,"Posted: 30 October, 2016",all,MrJBravo,"running windows 10, and it took a couple of hours to get the game to work.Games for windows marketplace is does not seem to work with windows 10 it took a few installs and several system restarts  before the game actually loaded. Took 2 more system  restarts, a new install of the game followed by 4 attempts at loading the game for it to finally work. And overall the game wasn't worth all that trouble"
76561198077111485,Recommended,209100,28863032,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,Volaan,Notice: Game works on windows 10! found a video on YouTube for how to make Street Fighter X Tekken work. Windows did a updated Games for Windows Live that you can download from Microsoft webite(http://www.xbox.com/en-gb/live/pc/downloadclient). Thats the link to the video by John Mellinger.Now that the game works fine again i love it and man did i miss it! This game is like a non-open world Division. I loved this game when it first came out and I still love it now. Makes me wish they made a second one but I guess the Division beat them to it? almost the same kinda game just different settings.I hope more people get back on this I miss the co-op play
76561198077170667,Not Recommended,209100,16865815,"Posted: 3 July, 2015",all,Deynes,"I've got plenty of problems. Crashes , black screen , more crashes. I tried all the possible solutions and nothing worked. I suggest to keep away from this game till the get their♥♥♥♥♥♥together! I couldn't get a refund because I played more than 2 hours. Waste of moneys!"
,Recommended,209100,23151787,"Posted: 23 May, 2016",all,XDivineEnigmaX,"Had to troubleshoot for a while to get this game running smoothly; after that, it isn't too bad! Don't expect an interesting storyline."
,Recommended,209100,2151001,"Posted: 13 January, 2013",all,Talako,"Start off by saying, this game is buggy as hell but at the same time its fun as hell. Imagine if RE went military squad based game. It is set in the best setting ever, Raccoon City(with only a few instance of parasites). I only played the campaign since  my comp can't handle the game that well so I cannot speak for VS. Finding people for campaign is a bit hard since the match making is a bit buggy(did warn about being buggy). USS mission are not interesting(kill and destroy types) but the Spec Ops is much more fun(protect VIP in pitch black darkness of sewers when enemies come pouring at you which USS lacks). Boss fight is more epic with the Spec Ops, hands down. In conclusion, get it as a full package sale(no full prices) and get friends to get it too so you can have coop fun otherwise bots are boring and stupid(they don't revive you or the other fallen teammate) and try not to take the game seriously and competitively.------Additional Review as of 2017, getting the game to run is a pain gotta uninstall the old GFWL client since it will not update and have to download the latest from microsoft. I can now run this game in campaign and VS now. Overall out of the worst spin-off of the RE series Operation Raccoon city is enough to make you laugh whereas Umbrella Corp just feel slap together to make a quick buck, this game actually took time to make sure it got the world it was about correctly."
,Recommended,209100,32066307,Posted: 30 May,all,Lolrus,"It's not the best game in existence and it's certainly not a brilliant Resident Evil game gameplay wise. But, having said that, it's not entirely awful. It's a pretty generic third person shooter (although I'll admit there are some nice features such as the blood rage stuff (which basically means you could cause severe blood loss from an individual which will attract zombies) and the fact that both human enemies and allies can be bitten and become infected, and there is also a decent amount of enemy variety and classes and special abilities to choose from), which bares the Resident Evil title and is based in the Resident Evil universe.Additionally, it's not scary (which isn't suprising considering it's a TPS that gives you loads of weapons and ammo), but there were moments that made me jump enough or had enemies catch me by suprise to make me feel (slightly) on edge and as if I was actually heading through this zombie infested city.I'm having some fun with it so far, hence the positive review, but it really isn't amazing. It's not worth full price, however. If you're a Resident Evil fan or just want another basic TPS to play I'd recommend giving it a go. But don't pay full price.EDIT: At the end of the game there's a two choices than can be made, which I won't mention for spoiler reasons, and they both have decent cutscenes to follow, but the lead into the parts after that choice are insanely hollow. There are no cutscenes after that choice and it practically just throws you straight into that decision without any drama at all. Of course I didn't want it to be insanely over the top dramatic, but having literrally no dramatic introduction to that scene made it feel empty and pointless. Additionally, the only consequences of that decision are a (slightly) different ending boss fight and a different ending cutscene. It's a linear shooter so I'm not suprised, but it feels rather pointless.That being said I did enjoy the game enough to give it a postive rating and I'm just going through the DLC Echo Six story now. I've not tried the multiplayer as I don't want to and I'd be suprised if anyone still played it.Also, on a side note, the Crimson Heads look absolutely ridiculous in this installment xDFrom what I've seen of Umbrella Corps. though... Well, in comparison to that, this game looks like someone at least did something right when they turned Resident Evil into a generic squad-based TPS.EDIT: The Echo Six story has a much better finale than the USS story. A pretty cool, but repetitive final boss fight makes it go out with much more of a bang than the main game. In fact, I prefered most of the Echo Six DLC to the original game which makes the DLC feel like a cash grab that should've been in the base game. Unfortunately, the Echo Six story leaves the story with an unresolved cliffhanger, but it's not too annoying. Just feels like a set up for more DLC or a sequel, just in case they made the decision to do so. I'm pretty much done with the game now. I'm unlikely to play it much again. Not particulary interesting enough to make me play it again."
76561198165142888,Recommended,209100,32279073,Posted: 8 June,all,Grey_Insanity,Rip2012-2017╥﹏╥
76561197990144916,Not Recommended,209100,32289155,Posted: 9 June,all,Caleger88,"I got to only play one mission then GFWL ruined everything with an ""Update"" and broke my game tried all of the guides to get the game to work and still broke. GFWL is the worst thing ever any game that would have worked previously don't work anymore because of that dogshit launcher."
,Recommended,209100,32678101,Posted: 23 June,all,Nielama,"My only issue is that it's lagging. And sadly that's a small issue compared to things other people've wrote. I was able to launch it in win10 without any crashes and difficulties and with Win LIVE running, although the game says GFWL is disabled."
,Recommended,209100,32732789,Posted: 24 June,all,UFO_boxing,"Resident Evil: Operation Raccoon City is a pretty short game, where you play a one of the members of a special operations team of Umbrella. You can pick your character among 6 agents and choose your team, which has to be conformed by 4 players including you.Within the game, you play in Raccoon City, the place where the outbreak started, and as an Umbrella spec ops team, you have to complete certain tasks. There's also 2 different endings.The campaign is great, although it's very short, and if you wanna play it with a joystick it might be a little difficult to set up."
,Not Recommended,209100,33209426,Posted: 3 July,all,Arkais,If they replaced all the guns with paintball guns it might actually make sense when guys don't go down after getting shot in the face 6 times. If the Devs mod this I will give this game a positive review. Otherwise it's absolute animal feces.
,Recommended,209100,506931,"Posted: 20 May, 2012",all,[THEM] MENTOR,"A middling game that's only really fun if you're a fan of the Umbrella Corporation circa Resident Evil 1, 2, and 3.Wouldn't recommend spending over $25.00 on this game.Also, since it's a Capcom title, it probably has a ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ of paywalled content."
,Recommended,209100,608480,"Posted: 12 July, 2012",all,[CULTSHIT]ED13,Its not to bad if you have a group of people to play with lol.
76561197964146774,Recommended,209100,34389474,Posted: 21 August,all,Aunt Jemima,"Game is definitely better than what the reviews on here reflect...It's kind of like Gears of War and Resident Evil had a baby. You'll come accross familar characters playing through the story mode. I had random players join my game and play it with me all the way up until the end. I mean for the 7.99 I paid for the game and ALL the dlc it was definitely worth it. Pick it up while it's on sale and there's a good chance you'll have random players join your game to play with you. Or with how cheap it is you and 2-3 friends can easily afford this game and have something to do on a night you're bored. Grab it if it's on sale is the verdict, and grab some of my pancakes and syrup. Jemima out"
,Recommended,209100,34373400,Posted: 20 August,all,BurnieByrnes,Online servers are still active but no one plays and Games for Windows Live is required if you want to do online with friends. The game itself is fun but the gameplay can be described as bland
76561198094203045,Not Recommended,209100,34393576,Posted: 21 August,all,First&Only,As much as it pains me to speak ill of the Resident Evil franchise - for this installent i will.I have played only the first few missions on this game on Steam but previously played about thalf the game years ago on console.It has not changed at all. The controls are poorly strcutured into the game - snap to cover and aiming are awkward and frustrating at best.The tougher enemies are also a bit ridiculous too.The idea and concept was brilliant but it has failed to live up to a very high franchise standard.My recommendation is to spend yourt money elsewhere and leave this title alone.
76561198005194733,Not Recommended,209100,2287024,"Posted: 13 July, 2012",all,Shazzi,ARRRRRRGGGHHHHHHH still not worth the price tag. pick it up from ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ for 7quid.*CONSOLE PORT ALERT*
76561198253391641,Recommended,209100,34404515,Posted: 21 August,all,Pakman,"People are critiquing this game as if it was a classic Resident Evil horror survival game. They're looking at it the wrong way. It's a team based strategic black-ops style espionage game with zombies. Now with that said,HORRIBLE GAMEPLAYHORRIBLE AIUNSATISFYING GUNSHORRIBLE GAMEABSOLUTE GARBAGE!!!!But it's some goddamn good garbage."
,Not Recommended,209100,34472973,Posted: 24 August,all,bryanbilclough,games sucks if on windows 10 dont buy!!!!!!! they are con artists if we brough a game out this dodgy we would get sued for faudulent product!
,Recommended,209100,34563005,Posted: 28 August,all,Hall,"As a game itself...it's nothing great or new.......BUT!As a Resident Evil fan, it's great to see some of the old locations, and it's nice to be spending a little more time in Raccoon City. It's not 100% accurate to the source material, but still enough to make you think ""I remember that from playing Nemesis!...oh and that from Resdent Evil 2!""The nostalgia factor alone sold it for me, but I would suggest to wait for a sale.If you can get a friend to buy it as well, then you'll have a more enjoyable time. It's much better with co-op.Also: You can still play online via Games for Windows Live. I've played with my friend a couple of times last week."
76561198113092510,Not Recommended,209100,34594042,Posted: 29 August,all,Flyers_,"As a long time fan of Resident Evil games, i have to say this is without a doubt the worst. Even if you do want to play this game you shouldn't get it on pc because of Windows live is gives you problems. Repetative gameplay with a short, boring story."
,Recommended,209100,16472763,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,Zatchel,"You must have seen all the bad publicity this game got, I cannot say is unjustified, the game is flawed... but I still had quite a lot of fun playing it.Its a co-op resident evil game for PC, what do you want? I have been wanting one of these since RE2 and I was unable to play the PS2 Outbreak series.So here it goes, the story just does not really fit the timeline in any way (pretty common now with the new RE series), missions are few (still I enjoyed replaying them with different people and leveling up) The PvP is sometimes frustrating because of lag (and because people have near wallhack skills to locate you... OK I suck at this game's pvp... shut up)I really had fun with it, it was worth the price for me. My best recommendation is to check some youtube gameplays and decide if you personally would enjoy it. I did."
76561198044027217,Not Recommended,209100,34552514,Posted: 28 August,all,Jon Chen,Cant play on Windows 10 :(
,Recommended,209100,35091553,Posted: 20 September,all,Vanity Dagon,"I'm sort of split on this game. In the end I really like it and I had a lot of fun with it on pc and ps3. I dropped a ton of hours into it on ps3 and decided to get the pc version with my friends so we can all play since they didn't have a ps3. The main problem with this game game is that it's a lot of fun with friends, but single player is really lacking. I'm going to strip the Resident Evil tag off this game for a minute and just explore what the game itself contains without a franchise looming over it's expectations.You choose from six operatives, each with unique abilities. Throughout the game you can purchase new weapons or upgrades for each characters abilities. This adds some replayability but the game itself seems like it was flawed on release. I may seem to be harsh on this game but in the end I will say why I recommend it still, I just feel you should have the full knowledge of what to expect. For my example, I'll just give a run of how a level normally goes.First off, let's say you want to play online campaign. You will select join game, then after a few minutes you will get thrown into single player since no one plays this game anymore. If you are lucky, you will find a room with just one other person or two. Either way, the level starts, you select a character. The first thing you'll notice is the awkward controls. I highly recommend a controller for this game as the keyboard is very difficult to get used to for this pc port.What you may learn also after getting the controls somewhat down is that enemies have switched roles with you. The zombies themselves are easy enough since you can 1 hit kill them with grapples and special attacks, but instead of the player being a bullet sponge and the enemies being made of paper, enemies can take rounds to the face and shrug them off like you were shooting spitballs. Meanwhile one bullet to your body and your health depletes more than half. You can do a 1 hit kill move if you get close enough, but getting that close is near impossible without taking a round to the face and dying. This is definately a game where you have to learn to take things slow. It can get fustrating for new players or people used to a more fast paced action experience. I guess you could consider it somewhat tactical, but simple cover based shooting is hardly a comparison to true tactics. I don't mind the challenge too much but that's just me.As for bugs, they exist and you may encounter them. They aren't as frequent as a Bethesda game, but they happen. One time a boss was supposed to appear but never did, forcing me to quit the level. Another time I was supposed to activate a garage door to open it, but the prompt never showed up so we all had to quit on that as well. It's not horrible, as I said they happen rarely, but it's still something that shouldn't of been overlooked in development.Speaking of development, this game is unfinished. There is a character named Spectre you can play as. At one point in the story line, you have the ability to activate a computer to shut down all generators. He is the only character capable of doing this (it's not very useful since you can just shoot the generators) but this implies that Capcom had intentions of having certain character only interactions with the environment throughout certain levels. No other option exists in the game for any character so it was obviously cut from the game. This kinda sucks as it makes characters less unique. On a side note, if you get the expansion dlc levels where you play as the BSA team, this idea is implemented. So Capcom did probably have intentions to have this in the base game but cut it.Graphics wise, its ok. For me it works fine but I know my friends had a hard time running this game. The optimization isn't the best so for lower end computers it can get very sluggish. Sound wise the game is fine as well. Guns make gun noises, zombies moan, your character makes sounds when shot; the usual. Nothing exceptionally fancy.So far it may seem I've been bashing the game. But there is some things I like. For one, the characters are cool. Their whole persona is let's work together just to get things done. There is no romance, no true friendship, just business. Sadly there personality isn't dipped into much, usually only side comments being made that make their personality, which I feel is appropriate because there not supposed to be the chatty friendly type. Also I'm a sucker for co-op orientated games. If you actually utilize a characters abilities you can pull off some fun gameplay. One of you can go invisible and sneak behind the enemy while one cover fires. You can human shield a zombie, while your teammate throws a sticky bomb onto it, then you throw the zombie into a group of enemies and watch them explode. You can make your own fun somewhat, but as I stated in my first paragraph, this requires human players as A.I. bots don't do any of this. Lastly the gameplay can be interesting. You can human shield an enemy, kick him down to his knees and choose to shoot his head or shoot his stomache to cause him to bleed (bleeding makes it so zombies quickly rush to you and attack, useful for distractions), there is an array of weapons to use like rifles, smgs, shotguns, machine guns, and sniper rifles, and finally special abilites. It would take forever to list special abilites in detail but a few worth noting is one character can disguise as the enemy and roam freely behind enemy lines causing havoc. Another can shoot the zombie virus into a non undead enemy and turn him into a zombie. or shoot an infected enemy to control it. One character even has the support role, where she can shoot darts that buffs teammates.There is a versus mode online where it's pvp, but to be honest, it's horrible. People abuse cheap mechanics and there isn't much to it. The game is mostly about the co-op storyline element, and the pvp was slapped on because every game now days needs some pvp gameplay.In the end I do recommend this game. I stated early that I took the Resident Evil tag off this game and judged it without that title. If you look at it from that perspective, it's not a horrible game, it's not polished, but its cooperative content can make you have fun with it. If you add the franchse tag back onto it, I think it lets us know Capcom was trying a new idea. It didn't go perfect, but it was a nice idea.  I enjoy the characters, the atmosphere, the challenge, and if you get the DLC, the game is much better since Capcom took there actual time with that. Either way if you can get a group of three friends to get this game on sale with you, it can be a lot of fun regardless if you are into Resident Evil or not.tldr, get on sale with three friends. It's not the best game of it's kind but its unique in itself and can offer some fun gameplay if you take advantage of what the game gives you."
