user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
,Recommended,209370,10545422,"Posted: 19 June, 2014",all,MAKE AMERICA GAY AGAIN,"Analogue: a Hate Story certainly isn't billed as a feminist game. It's creator, Christine Love, cheekily describes it as being more about transhumanism, traditional marriage, loneliness, and cosplay. Maybe that's true. All I can say is that as a man, the game struck me as unflinchingly feminist. Now, I don't mean that in a confrontational, all-men-are♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥pigs straw feminist sort of way. Hell, maybe feminism is not even the right word for it, maybe it's just a game about female experiences presented matter-of-factly. Ladies, this may seem obvious to you. But to us males, this is a wholly unsettling and unexpected revelation.The story as outlined is simple and humble enough. You, a private detective (in space!), travel to a recently discovered wreck of a space ship, which had been previously lost for thousands of years. This ship once held an entire nation of people as it traveled to a distant planet. Somewhere along the way, the ship's inhabitants died out completely. It's up to you to sift through the ship's computer data (with the help of artificial intelligence friends) to discover the fate of the lost nation.If you're like me, that story sounds fairly pedestrian so far, right? But the ship's recovered computer logs tell a much different, much more personal story.Over thousands of years, this isolated society has regressed in both education and culture to the whereabouts of 15th century Korea. Despite living on an impressive space-faring vessel, and being assisted by futuristic artificial intelligences, its inhabitants are mostly simple farm folk who know little of the ship, or the universe, around them. And just like in 15th century Korea, conditions for women are horrifyingly bad.The AIs ask you personal questions throughout the game, such as who you are, where you're from, and whether or not you've visited Pyonyang. You know, getting-to-know-you stuff. The first time I played through, I was asked if I was a male or female, and I answered honestly. I played through the game, and that normally would have been the end of it. However, there's a Steam achievement for playing through a particular ending as both a male and a female, so I played the same ending again. As a female, the writing changes. In this new scene, it was all I could do to not reach through the computer monitor and slap that AI around until the smug falls out.This AI's dialogue is fairly standard and neutral as a male, while as a female, the AI's dialogue is condescending and dismissive of everything you say. As a male, this concept that I could be disregarded so easily was a bit shocking.Is Analogue a FUN game? By no means. In fact, there's a race-against-the-clock mission (in a visual novel!) that really should have been heavily altered. But its story is solid, and compelling enough to make you overlook its flaws. Even weeks later, the story stuck with me, haunting me, making me question every interaction I've ever had with women over the course of my life.TL;DR - Do you like reading? Play this game. It's important."
,Recommended,209370,7745939,"Posted: 25 November, 2013",all,Botagel,"This is ancient history now, but for a while, back around 2005 or so, there was a perception, largely created by a single translation group, that the ""visual novel,"" a format of linear text adventure that grew out of the Japanese PC games scene, might actually have something to offer beyond cheap titillation. They chose short, indie works like narcissu, Planetarian or OMGWTFBBQ, melodramatic stories of finding that last emotional connection in the moments before your early and miserable death. And then they pretty much stopped doing it (at least for free), because, hell, translating this stuff is a pain, and that was the end of that.Analogue feels much like the promise of those earlier works. Written in English by a native speaker and skilled writer, with a great sense for how to use the interactive features of the format to really draw you in, in a way that ""an ordinary book"" can't. It's smart, somber, and complicated; it's a well-told story, and not just ""for video games."" And really, I just have a thing for simulated terminal interfaces."
76561198043722652,Recommended,209370,12664831,"Posted: 27 October, 2014",all,Unsafeman121,"I will start off by saying that I am agreat loverof Visual Novels and games of the sort.I will admit that coming intoAnalogue: A Hate Story, I was fairly skeptical and I wasn't sure what to make of it.  The only real negative was that I found the game did not make it very easy to get into and I felt like the user interface was a little bit unclear in sections. A factor that I have no doubt wouldinitiallyput people off.Little did I know that later on I would come to the conclusion that this game is worth every second I invested into it. The story is incredible once you have managed to piece things together and after some time you begin to learn new things and discover new secrets. The level of depth and thought that has gone into the creation of this game is incredible and I would reccommend everybody to play it. There are some fun little additionals which are added into the game through the use of the command centre, which is a nice little addition which I haven't seen implemented in too many others.At £6.99 it is incredibly reasonable for a visual novel and there isn't really a good excuse not to buy it."
76561198061215971,Recommended,209370,32171925,Posted: 4 June,all,RenegadeKnight,"There's no doubt that Steam has been flooded, for better or worse, by visual novels as of late.Now, don't get me wrong, Indie titles are great, but amidst the endless stream of ""waifu""-bait visual novels (VNs) you'll see here on Steam, I think you'll be hard-pressed to find many decent stories with an intriguing plot that aren't about getting in a girl's pants for an affordable price. That's par for the course when discussing visual novels, but that's also why I tend to trust VNs from well-known studios/devs, because at least you know you'll get plot while playing VNs of acclaim likeClannad, theGrisaiaTrilogy, orThe Devil on G-Stringin exchange for their premium price.But, let's rewind time back to 2012, when Gangnam Style was top of the charts around the world and every tween and their literature teacher was dying to seeShaky Camera: The MovieThe Hunger Games. In this archaic age of yore, there were, quite frankly, no good visual novels on Steam, save for one: Christine Love'sAnalogue: A Hate Story. Back then, I wasn't sure how much story ten bucks could really buy, but boy I was surprised.Analogue eschews all the teenage high-school setting jazz you'll see in 99.9% of visual novels out there. Instead, it opts to tell the fate of a ruined colony ship, the Mugunghwa, in a decidedly sci-fi setting. It does this with considerable polish.Analogue's presentation is simple, nothing more and nothing less required to tell its story, letting you explore the lore of the ship's mysterious downfall at your own pace as you literally read through logs like the investigator you are supposed to be. At the very least its more interactive than half the VNs on the market, with a very entertaining minigame thrown in halfway through the story.Now then, you can hold off on impulsively buying those tempting 11 Anniversary Lootboxes in Overwatch since for those same ten bucks, you get a substantial story and can brag to your friends all about the ""Joseon"" Era of Korean history.And at the end of the day, what's more important? Getting yet ANOTHER Tracer legendary skin or knowing what ""Joseon"" means? You be the judge of that question.Just uh...don't blame meif your 10 bucks gets you neither of those, in the end.ProsAbsolutely riveting plotCute AI girlsDifferent outfits on a whim for Cute AI girlsMore game interaction then smashing ""ENTER"" every 10 secondsStop a nuclear explosion with your hacking skillsA feminist game that makes senseYou can achieve the impossible dream every indecisive teenage Light Novel main character wishes they could make by quite literally cheating the systemConsNo voice acting, but that's completely fineRelatively short, but there actually is a sequel so more playtime there too I guessLearning about how unpleasant people from the Joseon Dynasty could be is disgusting, but that's the pointNot that I care but its based off of Korea and not Japan so you ""purists"" may have some beef with that.No but seriously. Play Analogue."
,Recommended,209370,11471033,"Posted: 29 July, 2014",all,Pseudo,"An interesting and heartbreaking interactive fiction game. Explores some pretty deep themes - sexism, being queer - in a sci-fi colony ship. Well done."
76561197995427314,Recommended,209370,9138607,"Posted: 16 February, 2014",all,HoroSaga,"I bought Analogue: A Hate Story on a lark. It was on sale, and I was bored, so I figured I'd give it a shot. I'm a big fan of the science-fiction and transhuman genres, and Analogue seemed to offer a bit of both.I was not prepared for what this game had to offer.Perhaps calling it a ""game"" is a bit generous. It's an interactive novel, with almost no action sequences to speak of. The closest you'll come to any sort of twitch-reflex or quick-time events is typing into a terminal while an angry countdown clock stares you down. But still, there are choices to make and consequences to pay, with five potential endings - four of which can be carried right into the second game, Hate Plus.Don't go into this game expecting action and excitement. If you're looking for that, then you're in the wrong place. But if you enjoy a gripping tale of political intrigue, psychological horror, and surprisingly dark themes - then this is absolutely worth the price of admission. Don't let the cute, anime-inspired artwork fool you. This game is absolutely for adults, and not because of any sexual themes or nudity (although there IS a bit of the former).If there's anything to complain about, it's perhaps the usual drawback of an interactive novel. It's relatively linear, fairly short, and light on replay value. Oh, sure, it's worth trying for the different endings (most of which require their own distinct play-through), but you'll still be forced to read a lot of the same letters and dialogue. And, while the writing is absolutely fantastic, it still gets repetitive the second or third time through - especially once you've learned all of the twists and turns that the story has to offer.But still - if you're into mature, psychological tales of intrigue and murder, then this game is absolutely worth at least ONE play-through. You won't regret it."
76561198040882512,Recommended,209370,32093056,Posted: 31 May,all,Act,"You should really play this game.It was one of those things that just stays with you, and you keep thinking about it the rest of the day after you’ve played it. It’s also not that long– I got 98% completion in, according to Steam, 2.8 hours. So it’s more than worth the investment.There are two stories here. The frame story is that you are sent as part of your job to go through the records of a recently rediscovered lost ship/space colony that has been gone for hundreds of years. You head over and start sifting through the log files with the help of the ship’s AI. The second story is what actually happened on the ship. The setting is simultaneously a future dystopia and a past dystopia– the frame story takes place more than a thousand years in the future, while the secondary plot takes place six hundred years before that.It’s hard to describe the game without getting into spoiler territory, but I’ll do my best: the gist of the secondary plot is that on this space colony, some unspecified disaster caused major social and educational regression and an extreme population reduction that ultimately resulted in the establishment of an extremely oppressive patriarchal society in which women rarely are allowed to leave the home and are often married off as young as 12 or 13. A young girl put in stasis before the disaster due to an illness wakes up hoping that a cure has been developed, only to find the world has gone to hell.The game is simultaneously a reflection on the horrors of the past– a particularly disturbing post-game author’s note lets you know the circumstances are based very heavily on actual customs of Feudal Korea– as well as a warning about where we could head in the future. The girl wakes up and tries to tell her new “family” about her illness by emphasizing how thin and pale she is, but all the men hear is a woman’s whine and all the women hear is bragging about good looks, which would sound extreme if the exact same thing hadn’t happened to me in the past. It’s an examination of the ways women survive in such an oppressive society, and what happens to those who don’t fit the mold.The final reveal of the girl’s storyline was something I saw coming by the time I got there but was hoping wouldn’t happen all the same.The gameplay itself was clever, if simple. The navigation was freer than you usually get in a VN, as the interface is of a computer system you can explore more or less however you see fit– as the AI offers commentary– though the AI will dole out information based on how you interact with them so the story itself it ultimately nonlinear. In addition to reading snippets of the ship’s logs and chatting with the AI, there’s also a command input console where you can type in whatever you please to the ship’s computer. I thought the puzzles involving the commands were interesting enough to require some good thought while also logical enough to be solvable on your own.The weakest part of the game to me was the ending of the frame story. The story itself is somber, serious, and tragic, but the AIs end up flighty, silly, and almost like caricatures. Like, after everything that’s gone on, Hyun-ae suddenly turns into terrible tsundere and decides she’s in love with you and wants to get married? What? The LAST thing she should be interested in after what she’s seen is some kind of weird relationship with a stranger. The tone shifts from torture and oppression to some kind of parody with no warning whatsoever, and it’s like she just forgets what you were looking at. It’s jarring, but also comes off as though the game doesn’t take its very, very serious subject matter seriously at all. “Oprression and mutilation destroy lives. CAN I BE UR WAIFU????” Just wat.In the same vein, I thought calling the “best” ending a “harem” ending was ridiculously tacky. In a story where women are literally being forced into harems, just what the hell. Is it supposed to be a joke? Why is that something to joke about? Is it some weird attempt at meta-commentary on VNs? Wrong place, wrong time.So yeah, the last five minutes or so of the game are… bad. They’re just bad, there’s no way around it. But overall? This is an engaging, emotional, tragic story with a message that hits close to home, and I really recommend it."
76561198027863771,Recommended,209370,7759584,"Posted: 25 November, 2013",all,Concerned Black Father,Its like a choose your own adventure game mixed with a visual novel and I loved it. I usually treat VNs like the plague but this game right here is something special. I really felt like I was Sherlock Holmes mixed with Indiana Jones on a mission through time discovering the mystery of the space station you found. It was very engaging having to dig through all the files piecing together the lives and politics of the people who had once lived there. The twists and turns and trips and burns are all very interesting and kept me going along wondering what I would discover next. This game is pretty amazing and if you dont mind lots of reading and anime chicks then I definitely recommend this game.
,Recommended,209370,8629615,"Posted: 8 January, 2014",all,Ocean Grown,"Analogue: A Hate Story was my first shot at a visual novel and I came away rather impressed.. The story turned out to be very dark and grim, definitely not something for kids.. I'll also say that the game may require a walkthrough for a certain 'timed segment' where you will be doing a lot of typing.I think at some point I'm going to replay Analogue: A Hate Story and check out some of the different endings, but for my first play through (which took me around 4hours) I was very satisfied. I'm still not 100% sure whether or not visual novels are my thing, but I am certain that thanks to this game I'll definitely be checking out some other ones in the near future."
76561198031877801,Not Recommended,209370,9195827,"Posted: 20 February, 2014",all,Mousefing [JmLaS],Nothing much happens in the game. There is a lot to read with the story unfolding through e-mails that are not always presented to you in chronological order. There is also very little interaction between the player and the NPC's other than asking their view on an e-mail to obtain more e-mails. The game's conslusion also comes a bit unexpectedly without the player necessarily following the e-mail told story to its conclusion.I was left with a so what feeling and the conclusion is also a complete anti-climax.Finally the content of the story is really a cheap shot to shock the player. Really sensationalistic. It is in bad taste and reeks of desperation to try and make a really boring story into something more than what it actually is.It is  just plain bad...Reminds you of all the talented hollywood personalities that do all sorts of desperate things to get noticed.
,Recommended,209370,22540661,"Posted: 20 April, 2016",all,✩ Helenα ✩,"Really interesting VN. The characters were nicely written, same with the story. You need to pay attention toall the detailsin order to get on the route you’re aiming for! The art style was ok and BGM was nice too.But well, in my opinion, it gets a bit boring to replay this game since you gotta read a lot of logs over and over again just to trigger certain scenes. Even on skip mode, it takes time. But it’s fine, I think the originality of this story shines through that little problem. It’s really worth giving this VN a try, especially if you like sci-fi.7/10, I recommend getting this game on sale."
,Recommended,209370,24897824,"Posted: 13 August, 2016",all,[nBn] Beebs,"Imagine in 500 years time someone finds an archive of LiveJournal and decides to show you a whole mess of random entries from it. Well, now imagine that person is one of two anime girls and the entries they're showing you all add up to a pretty sinister and harrowing picture of a society gone wrong, and you've got Analogue.Also, you're in space."
76561198052722604,Recommended,209370,11171952,"Posted: 10 July, 2014",all,Sprigg,"Heavy on the novel and light on the visual: Hate Story is ostensibly a quest for the truth about what happened to the generation ship Mugunghwa, but the ship itself is simply the setting for more singular tragedies. The real goal of Hate Story is to understand the two AIs left on the Mugunghwa and the people who shaped their lives.Dark in some places, saccharine in others, the tone shifts throughout the game but I never found myself experiencing whiplash... And for a detective story - a mystery, which means you should be kept guessing most of the arc - Hate Story's plot is telegraphed early on. But that you can see the answers coming is not necessarily a negative; not all stories are measured by their plots, instead by how they make the player feel, and Hate Story managed to engage my gooey center. I empathized with not just the AIs but also many of the background characters mentioned in the log files the AIs provide you with.At the end of the day, whether you would enjoy Hate Story or not has more to do with you than the game itself. It’s a polished experience, but if you don’t enjoy reading for hours at a time or hard science fiction blended with a westerner’s anime aesthetic, then there are other visual novel games out there for you.I’ll put it another way: Hate Story is about people’s stories, the player is almost an observer for most of the game. You ultimately decide the two AIs fate, but there’s little leeway in the endings, which Hate Story boasts five of them... Except the differences in those endings are shallow and not very rewarding, so you’re playing this game to take in a story and not so much to play an rpg (Don’t expect a paragon or renegade meter to pop up.)I would recommend Analogue: A Hate Story with the caveat that it’s not a romance simulator (although there is some of that); it’s not an action game (hope you’re not turned off by terminal windows, because_get_use *to-this, and entering commands are as close as it gets to combat); and it’s going to, at the max, last you four to five hours - that’s how long it took me to 100% the game and get all the achievements, and I’m not someone who makes a habit of speed clearing games.I could say more, specifically about the story, but spoilers are the suck.peace"
,Not Recommended,209370,192658,"Posted: 12 July, 2012",all,Bellum,I don't recommend this game unless you like games about digging through fictional emails about nothing in particular.
76561198025980821,Recommended,209370,18132363,"Posted: 21 September, 2015",all,RawShank,A fun Visual Novel to read through.ProsSimplistic UI.Good writing.ConsOne instance that can stop your progression with either characters (but can still get an ending).7.8/10
,Not Recommended,209370,11068856,"Posted: 4 July, 2014",all,David Moriarty,"Interesting approach to a game, but not in itself entertaining. Books are better than this."
,Recommended,209370,33258654,Posted: 4 July,all,Zkkaluza,"I'm pleasantly surprised by this game.I have some tendencies towards longer, lower-interaction and less-branching VNs, and this is none of those.But I'm impressed with the way the gamplay has been implemented, and the way it naturally results in the choosing of routes. The soundtrack is properly atmospheric, and I was genuinely surprised by how pleased I was with the first ending I got for how... anticlimactic it ended up being.Overall, this game has a few quirks that set it apart from the majority of VNs, and I think all of them have worked in its favor."
,Not Recommended,209370,23626706,"Posted: 17 June, 2016",all,withering bites,"Christine Love is... an interesting developer. Her first big game, maybe her first in general, was Digital: A Love Story, and it used a creative format to make a very linear story feel very open ended, and a simple premise feel really unique.Her second game, which I can't be bothered to remember the whole name of but is something like Don't Take It Personally Babe This Just Ain't Your Story, is a comparatively unambitious Ren'py VN that has some interesting ideas married to poor execution and unlikable characters. It's not a bad game, per say, but coming off of Digital, it's attempts at moral quandaries mixed with mediocre art and a dumb cast are at best quaint and at worst cripplingly mediocre.The good thing about both these games, however, are their status as freebie games, and their short run times.Gameplay wise Analogue resembles Her Story, only less interesting and more traditionally minded. The affection mechanic for the featured anime girls is underdeveloped to say the least, and while her exploration of feudalism and gender politics are actually beat, God dang if this game isn't a chore to play and not enthralling enough to push through that.If you're wondering, I did complete this game, via a walk through because midway through the endless periphery text no longer held surprises, I just wanted to get to the end to see if there was a point. Instead I got a harem? What? If this is about gender politics then why do I end up with two digital women on my analogue schwanz? It's not a conflicted message per say, it's not wholly unexplained, but golly gee I just can't say this game had any good take away for me.If you're interested, instead try Digital. I'd skip Hate Plus, as well, and to be honest her newest game sounds like a train wreck."
,Recommended,209370,13157961,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,"Shikine ""Dorothy Hiyajo"" Kang",Years after the Mugunghwa broken down an investigator from earth had come to investigate what happened on board the Mugunghwa. This korean visual novel will entice you with its beautiful art style and very well written story that is broken down into logs and messages sent to one another on the Mugunghwa. The logs cover topics from betrayal to topics of forbidden love. All while having the same undertoned theme of hate hidden in almost every single log that you open from the first log to the last log. The multiple ending will also provide you with hours of gameplay all while being very diverse from one another.
,Not Recommended,209370,12888324,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,arukugatari,"A visual novel that comes 95% as a novel. There's the command line for 2%, and 2AI's for the other 2%, and 1% as you try to unlock all the logs (and endings). There's barely any music, you stick to the same scene 98% of the time (once midway when danger hits, and then the ending screen), and despite all it's reading, overall as a game it's short.I got 98% of the logs (all but 1). And I doubt I'll go on to it's follow up game Hate Plus unless I choose to finish what I started entirely = =.If you're not in to visual novels, please don't get this game. If you're in to it's themes, or learning about them or experiences involving them - mysoginy, sexism, ofc add feminism, even lesbianism - then you might want this game. The themes are a little dark, but barely perverted (thinking 50 shades here. Far from it) . Depending on YOU, it'll be emotionally charging--wasn't deep enough for me. Especially with idiot men and most ( not all) women the same. But I stress, that's the most you'll want it for...reading an author's perspective on such. Not much of the game itself =_=, in action, visuals, routes--ultimately even decision making is ruined, as you need more info regardless!!***EDIT: OOO I CAN EDIT :D. ***AND SPOILERS!!Don't worry not much to say; a second ago, when I said ""idiot men""? Ya, it's not that I hate my own sex here - I try to stay objective of the two believe it or not - but that society in this game is so distanced from ours, that their logic can't even comprehend a sliver of how what they do may be wrong. Both the WOMEN AND THE MEN have this issue: guys are blind to their faults, women blind to explaining how they're right--and so, it's shallow.This game will stir thoughts at best, leave you sorely empty handed at worst. Back to the original review***END SPOILERSThe most interesting thing to me? Having to be only able to say yes or no to the AI's. I found it an odd irony: threshing out the integrity and dignity of women, yet so often only being able to go fire or ice on the subjects.If reading's your jam and you're feeling feminism hype( as opposed anything w/o fem. hype, including being a feminist. Ikr), come along. Otherwise, cya around space cowboy"
,Recommended,209370,10595173,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,Mr. Bartek,"""Analogue: A Hate Story"" is a fantastic spiritual successor (& juxtaposed title) to ""Digital: A Love Story"" (& to a smaller extent; ""don't take this personally, babe, it just aint your story""). Like Digital, the entire game is presented on a computer screen, though Analogue is a lot more futuristic while Digital is set on a retro 1980s computer.You learn about what happened on the Mugunghwa, a lost colony ship in space, through reading various logs from a dystopian era - its last days. Parallel to uncovering these details, you interact with the two remaining AIs on the ship who help you discover more logs, add commentary & befriend you.A very well made game - it even has a reference list, showing that a lot of research was done on the Korean Joseon era. It touches upon themes like Transhumanism (humans living with & relying upon technology as a necessity), Traditional Marriage (concubines & polygamy), Loneliness, Interpersonal Relationships & (in one set of logs) Gay/Lesbian issues.If you liked ""Digital: A Love Story"" (& optionally; ""don't take this persoanlly, babe, it just aint your story"") then you'll most likely like this game too. It presents a setting & a centuries-old era that you learn about through two forms of interaction (reading logs & interacting with AIs) whereas Digital was more about trying out the internet for the first time & getting involved in a hacking-conflict-love-story. If you haven't played Digital, this game will still hold up with its fascinating story."
76561198159713463,Recommended,209370,32834483,Posted: 26 June,all,surtech5,"As a few other review have said it can get quite dry at times, however I feel that this works well for the story as if there was a dramatic shift in every log then it would feel less genuine. You have to hunt for the story it's not just given to you. For once this is a visual novel that embraces the genera, and is not just a story with some button prompts and a nice background.There are a few changes I would make to the game such as allowing you to see who you have shown what files to and swapping the back and forward buttons for the 3 menus (I mean come on it's only one more button and it would save a lot of time), but other than that I really enjoyed it. The story could be very confusing at times with all the Korean names with no visual reference but by the time I beat it I was fairly confident I know what all had happened.This is a story that can get quite mature, less so with the character actions and more so with the reactions to events. I mean seeing a kid hit by a car is one thing, but seeing someone laugh about it is another (neither happens in this story). I quite liked how it all played out and appreciated how the story stayed feminist without being preachy or condescending.Overall well done. And I congratulate the author!"
,Not Recommended,209370,15076205,"Posted: 27 March, 2015",all,BossMan,"I dont want to get politics in the way of this review (as I know there has been some controversy around this games creator).  So I'm going to be as honest about the game as I can, without discrediting the creator.  First things first, I LOVE Digital:  A Love Story.  It was immersive, engaging, and overall a nice game to play.  I liked the characters, I loved the setting, I seriously loved that that game.Now, Analogue:  A Hate Story on the otherhand...  This ""game"", takes inspiration from the first, but is more story oriented than gameplay oriented.  Well, let's be honest, there wasnt any real ""gameplay"" in either itteration.  It's more like an interactive story than anything.  So to be clear, the first one had you doing stuff and actually let you connect the dots in the story.  While this one is a WAY more self explanitory story.  Anyway...  I finished the first game.  But this one couldnt keep my attention.  I found myself getting bored with it, every time I tried to play.  The story wasnt bad, but it just didnt resonate with me.  I felt like the story was becoming a little agressive in the way of the creators politics.  It became almost like I was reading a strongly opinioned blog that had nothing but agression towards the ""Patriarchy"".   As a man, I kinda started feeling like this story wasnt for me, and was directed towards a ""certain"" audience (like a fox in a henhouse kinda feel).  And after each story, the caracters kind of pressure you into choosing the ""right"" answer.  Choose the ""Wrong"" answer, and things will take an OBVIOUS turn for the worse.I stopped about 3/4 of the way in, and just lost interest in it entirely to the point where I uninstalled it.Would I recommend this game?  That depends...  None of my friends would like this kind of game anyway, so I cant say for sure.So dont let my thumbs down discourage anyone else from buying it.  I just didnt like the story as much as the first one (and the first one was free).I will say this though.  I praise the graphic artist for such great work on the character models.  They fit wonderfully with the characters personalities.Story:  Meh/10Game Play:  Reading/10Artwork:  School Rumble/10  (This is a good rating :3)Overall Verdict:  Feminism/10  Would fight patriarchy again."
76561197980796094,Recommended,209370,32353667,Posted: 11 June,all,witness1,"Analogue: A Hate Story is a Visual Novel, emphasizing the ""novel"" part. Meet the two A.I.s of a big, long lost and dead multi generation colony ship and read through the ship's log entries that unravel the story of the ships downfall and the personal tragedy of the ""pale bride"". This game has multiple endings, non linear storytelling (but a linear story) and the power to make you hate. The title is very honest. Reading through the log files, the creepy atmosphere and the unbelievable twist can actually make you feel pity for a person comitting genocide, and hate the persons family. Powerful and emotional writing. Top notch.Follow me as a curator athttp://store.steampowered.com/curator/28337205-Fair-Minded-Witness/?appid=298050"
,Recommended,209370,28731856,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,「悪を知る物」,"*Mute. Just, *Mute. She's the reason why I waited for years to get this VN, spend hours on it and went to Hate Plus once I got everything.Great graphics, great story ; a bit short, probably - depends on your pace -, but, aside from that, it was worth it.And, hey, when the game actually tells you to cheat, you can't hate it."
,Not Recommended,209370,12700689,"Posted: 30 October, 2014",all,DIO,"Analogue: A Hate Story is a visual novel in which you try to uncover what happened to a lost spaceship and more importantly, it's crew. The story is presented via numerous documents and two A.I.s who also serve as pursuable love interests, all the while trying to influence the player's decisions. The experience is quite short-lived, which feels weird, considering that the story is clearly trying to emotionally influence you and centers around some fairly dark themes. More often than not though, these are presented in a pretty hamfisted way and the addition of extremely stylized characters makes for quite a mixed-bag overall.Apart from an input-based sequence I encountered right at the end, there really is not any gameplay to speak of. The soundtrack served it's purpose as background music for you to read notes too but that's it. And finally, there are several different endings and achivements to obtain.Most of this should not be news to any Visual Novel aficionado out there but rather maybe serve as a warning to anyone looking for a different experience. So for anyone interested in a decent enough VN, I would recommend getting this game on sale because even considering possible replayability-incentives, it's a very short-lived tale. Overall though, I will not recommend this game to a general audience which is most likely looking for more game and less novel."
76561198041901011,Recommended,209370,10531175,"Posted: 19 June, 2014",all,zeda12123,A heartwrenching story full of mystery and discovery. Reccmended for anyone who wants a tale with feminist overtones without having to sacrifice entertainment for a message.
,Recommended,209370,31978691,Posted: 26 May,all,Arnold Judas Rimmer,"Hyun-ae had a hard life. Still best waifu, though. Also, this VN is probably the only one I ever found even remotely enjoyable and you can knock it out in an afternoon easy. Worth buying if it's on the cheap if it even remotely interests you."
,Recommended,209370,33085187,Posted: 1 July,all,Jib,"Analogue: A Hate Story is a cross between a futuristic, dystopian sci fi novel and a dating sim. The writing is definitely one of its strong points. Each of the characters have a very clear voice and personality. The basic premise, as others I am sure have explained, is that it's your job to comb through the ship's records in order to find out what happened to the Mugunhwa, a ship that crashed.  But what it turns into is that you must convince the AI on the ship to actually release the records for you... and, for a variety of reasons, neither Mute nor Hyun-ae are in a hurry to do so. A fortunate side-effect, though, is that it gives you time to really delve into the story. I for one found myself not really caring for my original mission and instead just wanted to hear more stories.Anyway, I would recommend this game to anyone who has the patience to read long chunks of text. It's worth your while, even though it may not be for everyone. Likewise, I recommend this to anyone who wants an immersive story-driven game. The world building is very interesting, all the while keeping the actual graphics to a minimum.  Well done, indeed."
,Recommended,209370,11839741,"Posted: 23 August, 2014",all,10000% elven apostate garbage,"I really didn't know what to make of this at first. Mostly I got it because the bundle was in sale and I vaguely recalled hearing an acquaintance mention that they'd played it. I generally enjoy visual novels, though, so I figured I may as well snag it while it was on sale.Anyway, I'm not sure what I was expecting, but this really wasn't it. The odd and disjointed storytelling was a little off-putting at first, but curiosity about the Mugunghwa and what happened kept reeling me back in. The plot is pretty dark, and some of the log files are a little difficult to read. The resolution of the mystery is honestly pretty heartbreaking, but I couldn't help but keep reading.Overall, it was super enjoyable, and I definitely recommend getting the soundtrack."
,Recommended,209370,13027985,"Posted: 21 November, 2014",all,Andale The Great,"A wonderful way to spend an evening. It has a good soundtrack, tho I wish there were a few more tracks to it. It does an excellent job of using the music to adjust your mood between scenes. It is a lot of reading.I haven't found my way to all the endings yet, but I don't care. No matter what you do the characters really do come to life. Instead of feeling like I was reading descriptions of people's lives I felt that I was reading a well-written book and could imagine all the characters and how their daily lives looked.I was pretty completely surprised by one turn of events that I honestly had no idea was coming and it really felt like a genuine shock rather than just observing a cut-scene in a game that just pulls you out of the moment to watch something."
,Recommended,209370,26969042,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Drink,"Analogue: A Hate Story was my first shot at a visual novel and I came away rather impressed. The story turned out to be very dark and grim, definitely not something for kids. For my first play through (which took me around 5 hours) I was very satisfied."
,Recommended,209370,22821752,"Posted: 5 May, 2016",all,Hoshizora,"Nice and relatively short game.It has a very slow main story with a few secondary histories that helps to understand the social context of the game's background history.The Art and BGM are really nice for being a Korean VN, it surpasses most of the non-Japanese VN on Steam. It's not really something that will make you cry or bind you to the characters, but it's something dynamic and easygoing for someone who wants to read some Korean VN."
,Recommended,209370,23509735,"Posted: 11 June, 2016",all,Mike,"A surprisingly engaging visual novel that actually presents you with some interesting challenges and moral decisions. The relations between characters can get a bit confusing, but their stories are well written and enjoyable. The soundtrack is also pretty good."
76561198025935366,Recommended,209370,23661305,"Posted: 19 June, 2016",all,Genetically Broken,I haven't written a review for any game on Steam before but this game is amazing. The writing and the whole progression of the story made me sympathize with certain people (choosing my words so I don't put spoilers). Though if you like VNs and drama/tragedy I completely recommend this.
,Recommended,209370,3884120,"Posted: 28 June, 2012",all,Megillot,"A visual novel/adventure game. Colony ship was sent from Earth to distant stars but disappeared without a trace. Six hundred years later it was found drifting through space. Player’s task is to download ship archives and logs, but soon they will find out details behind tragedy that took place on board and led to ships demise. Two AIs could help the player, but each one is unreliable narrator.This title holds special significance of being the first visual novel released on Steam.Visual novel is a very niche genre and arguments are still raging if they can be considered ""games"" at all. Typical VN does not have much of ""gameplay"" but require a lot of reading; user input is limited to selecting one of answers in dialogues. On top of that, Analogue is very minimalistic graphically: it has only two drawn characters and mostly clean white backgrounds. However, Analogue provides additional means of player interaction - a computer command line in which you type to ""hack"" the system, gain access to various logs and move the story forward; it has even timed sequence when you have to prevent ship's reactor from exploding.Not too lengthy, with nice music and intriguing mystery story this can be excellent entry-level visual novel. Don't hate Analogue, give it a try."
,Recommended,209370,9129565,"Posted: 15 February, 2014",all,Backfire,Hyun-Ae is my waifu. 10/10
,Recommended,209370,13176660,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,roselius,"An evocative tale with a very well composed soundtrack. The writing's top notch, though it may get a little difficult to keep track of names and stories-- there are mechanisms in-game to make up for this. Not everyone's cup of tea; if you don't like reading through layers and layers of documents to get the gist of a tale, this is probably not a game you'd enjoy. The two AIs, Hyun-ae* and Mute*, are developed well (though I personally tired of the attempts the limited dialogue trees made towards pairing one of the AIs romantically with the player.)Overall? Text-heavy, though it's all very readable, and the tale that unfolds is worth giving this a try."
76561198047609043,Recommended,209370,8560561,"Posted: 4 January, 2014",all,Loli Princess,"Short, but sweet Visual Novel.Of course, ""short"" it's a very personal point of view. If you have experience with more lenghty Visual Novels, it won't be much to cycle through all the text.What makes this VN unique, it's the unique way of telling you the story of the Mugunghwa and what really happened in there.Through Hyun-Ae and Mute, the ship's unique Ai's, you will unfold this mystery.Filled by rich descriptions and nice narrative, the pace is ideal for newcomers to VN, while the story makes it strong point for the veterans out there.Humanism, culture, philosophy, ideals, values, inside the Mugunghwa all those words have twisted and dark meanings.Once you discover the truth, will you side with it? or will you simply turn away and complete your mision without listening to the voice inside your head?The choice, it's yours to make.DID I MENTION THE WAIFUS? IT HAS WAIFUS!9/10 falls a little short, but the intense narrative and the topics makes this a very good purchasePS: One more plus to this game, you can use the saves of Analogue in it's sequel Hate Plus. IT'S A WIN WIN SITUATION!"
,Recommended,209370,11340744,"Posted: 20 July, 2014",all,Ymlod,"This game is a must play if you like visual novels but, its a little off the beaten path of the normal love dovey ones and as you can tell this game is very dark and the society in this game will probably make you want to puke at how disturbing it is. In my opinion a must play for anyone into visual novels just be warned theres lots and lots of text to go through."
,Recommended,209370,9253440,"Posted: 24 February, 2014",all,Lot Creator,Do you like anime girls?Do you like to be mind-blown?Do you like to be forced by an AI without being forced by to buy the sequel?Even Hyun-ae escaped the game...Why did I buy this... I think I need help.
,Recommended,209370,7584423,"Posted: 6 November, 2013",all,Pocket Nerd,"There's a lot to like here, all built around one of my favorite science fiction tropes: ""Find out what happened to a derelict starship."" You do this with the help of two AI constructs -- each has a distinct spin on exactly what happened and why -- and along the way you'll explore themes of sexism, class discrimination, and whether ""progress"" is really inevitable.It's a smart game with a compelling story. When you finish it, you'll wish it were longer -- but isn't that true of any game you love?"
,Not Recommended,209370,9185774,"Posted: 19 February, 2014",all,jtunn,"So, as of now, I cant play any of the game. it crashes when i look at a log file 3 mins into the game. ill review better once the problem is fixed"
,Recommended,209370,1114028,"Posted: 5 September, 2012",all,Nilesy @ Twitch,"Analogue is a lovely little sci-fi JRPG which has you tap into a long forgotten system and discover the depths of the secets hiding within.I played this game a long time ago, completing 1 playthrough, which took roughly 3 hours. The game is a roleplaying game, and provides little action events, and is moreso built on storybuilding through narrative and text (ie there's quite a bit of reading). But, that isn't a bad thing, and works really well in the environment sculpted in the game.Insightful, dark and comedic at times, the game hits a number of topics which are not usually seen in games of this sort. If you're the patient sort, and you feel this would be your type of game, it probably will be. But don't expect Die Hard 5; expect a well written story told in an enjoyable environment, with dynamic and vivid characters.There's replayability here too. Each event has multiple ""endings"", so you can re-do your story and play from different angles!Check it out!-Nilesy"
76561197984309692,Recommended,209370,15070216,"Posted: 26 March, 2015",all,Erollisi,Analogue a Hate story is Cyberdyne Waifu simulator.  Replace its killer robot army with long boring shiplogs written by medieval space colonists.  Spend hours being attacked by their mundane informational content.  The waifu's become yandere by trying to quiz you on what you read.I am boring and enjoyed it.  Comes highly recommended for boring people like me.  Your probably boring and should buy it.  Its boring.
,Recommended,209370,13764756,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,Period,"It's a short game. It should take about 6 hours to fully read all the content, but for it's price tag on sale that's more than fair. The translation from korean to english is very good, much better than I expected. I saw only one typo in my playthrough. Oh, and the achievements feel pretty rewarding to unlock.The actual narrative takes the form of logs. The logs are written by various passangers of an old ship, that everyone suddenly disappeared on many hundreds of years ago and was finally found. You go through these old logs, as that's what you were hired to do, and at the same time learn how the ship's AIs were a part of it and their opinions on what happened. It's all very satisfying to read."
,Recommended,209370,20234271,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,Arvanion,"Analogue has a compelling story, an incredible soundtrack, a darkly convincing setting, and fascinating characters. In other words, it's everything I want in a visual novel."
,Recommended,209370,20562323,"Posted: 16 January, 2016",all,witchblade,"You can either datea tsundere homophobic ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥or amass murderer.Analogue: A Hate Story is actually a pretty good game, and a pretty short one at that- given that I got all achievements in less than 4 hours. Would definitely recommend buying this cute little gem if you're the type of person who reads everything in a story and also likes minimalistic things. That, and sci-fi.For the most part, this game is really nice. The story is unique and well-written, however it is all fed to you in logs youhaveto read yourself to fully grasp the story, which can be pretty tedious at times if all you want is just want a qt AI waifu. The game also has a knack for making you want to♥♥♥♥♥♥yourself off trying to pronounce Korean names and failing at them.The only complaint I have is thatMute doesn't get a cute maid outfit ; _ ;"
,Recommended,209370,23692803,"Posted: 21 June, 2016",all,Hawk,"The first VN i have ever bought and played, and still one of the best VN's i have ever played. I highly recommend it to anyone new to VN's and to those who who enjoy VN's with a dark story."
,Recommended,209370,22715169,"Posted: 29 April, 2016",all,Holopleather,"Though the games interface may lead you to believe it is a visual novel, aside from from the lovely AI companions who assist you throughout your investigation, the game is a interactive, heavily text-based storytelling experience in which you attempt to unravel the mystery of how the dystopian society that called the lost starship Mugunghwa its home suddenly collapsed.It may seem difficult to get into at first if you have a short attention but before you know it the story, which you assemble based on the letters and diaries of the ships residents, really pulls you in. This is broken up with conversations between you and your AI companion that build character and affect your relationship with eachother in a way that can sometimes change the ending. There are also some challenging text based puzzle elements.It's definately one of my favorite interactive novel experiences and I would recommend it to those looking for an intruiging (and often heartbreaking) story with a lot of replay value. That being said, it also may not be for the faint of heart as it touches on some very dark themes."
,Recommended,209370,20309708,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,Ned,"You know what, screw all the stuff I was going to write, the only part that matters is that there's a psycho AI Korean cosplaying chick that thinks you're cute.  If you're an ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ to her ('cause lets face it, its fun) you literally get a Game Over.Would su change_outfit again.(its a visual novel about two AI chicks with serious issues, you already know if you like this game or not don't you)"
76561198001227956,Recommended,209370,31946039,Posted: 24 May,all,Gekopa - EUROBEAT♥BROSTAR -,Short and sweet visual novel where you talk to two radically different AIs to decipher the mystery of what occurred to the people living in a large spaceship.Got all endings in one sitting. Definitely recommend it.
,Recommended,209370,9152693,"Posted: 17 February, 2014",all,what the nani the fuck,Character relationships are real.
,Recommended,209370,26122135,"Posted: 19 October, 2016",all,BlueManedWolf,"Interesting story, if a bit confusing on the timeline scale of things.Once you detach from that though, it's a very interesting and drama filled read. And being able to dress up your chosen waifu is fun too.You can choose your protagonist's gender, which is a plus for me anyway.Going to play the second game soon."
,Recommended,209370,26014839,"Posted: 13 October, 2016",all,rhymekun`,10/10 would continue my journey with waifus on Hate Plus.
,Recommended,209370,1242462,"Posted: 29 April, 2013",all,Usandru,"Fascinating concept, unfortunately mediocre execution. Worth a look if on sale.The main issue is that the writer is simply not good enough. The main writing in the logs especially shows this, being full of correspondences that feel fake or forced. There is a severe lack of tangible continuity in the story, while at the same time, despite being composed of mostly discrete chunks of narrative, it fails to achieve the breadth and depth to evoke a greater mystery.The art is simple and limited, but effective. If not for the main writing flaws, it would be quite passable. WIth them, the simple style ultimately reinforces the limited ability to properly tell the story, as additional art could have smoothed certain flaws and enhanced the feeling of discovery.The few puzzle elements were neat and fun, but far too restricted in scope.Finally, the low-key but non-critical references to common Visual Novel traits unfortunately undermined the core thematics somewhat."
76561198028674152,Recommended,209370,25705521,"Posted: 25 September, 2016",all,Senator Samson Loveblast,"A strange bird of a gameAnalogue is basically a visual novel made out of datalogues.You are tasked with solving the mystery of what happened on a ancient spaceship, but when you actually get power working things get complicated fast.  You'll spend much of your time sifting through diary entries, trying to search for titles and words that may relate to your pursuit, and trying to juggle the chronological order of events in your head.  Also there are two computer AI's with attitdude that you'll be interacting with throughout.There are good themes here, the game doesnt feel overly preachy, and there are multiple endings, albeit earning those endings is not very interesting in a game sense.  Not much to say about the music though.If you enjoy texted based mysteries, and dont mind a very limited visual tableau then you'll probably enjoy AnalogueIf gratuitious reading and light game mechanics scare you off, you'll most certainly not like Analogue."
76561198058156743,Recommended,209370,11473868,"Posted: 29 July, 2014",all,Inspector Dosh,"I'm going to be blunt with all of you who read this. Visual Novels are completely different than what is considered to be a game so my expectations will change according to that, meaning I am looking for a decent story over anything else. If you don't want to read everything I have to say for whatever reason, skip down to the very bottom to read my overall impressions.A short summary on what the story is about:- Basically, you are an anonymous space investigator sent over to a deserted space vessal named the Mugunghwa to recover log files left behind by the ship's inhabitants in order to discover the reason for the ship's disappearance. You log on the ship's main computer and meet an AI named *Hyun-ae who is suprised to gain external contact after 622 years of idling so she is willing to help you recover as much data as you can before departing from the Mugunghwa for good.Now I shall move onto my opinions on each of the following sections:The Story:- Personally, I don't like to read a lot of visual novels because to me, most of the stories they provide feels very similar to one another with the primary goal is getting to know a group of girls and ultimately pick one to be your lover. This however makes me feel like picking one of the two AI's (or both if you somehow cheat the system) is more or less a side objective to me that I will eventually complete, but aside from that, saying anything else for this section will make it more of a generalization of the whole novel with the possibility of leaving out important details so moving on...The Theme:- This is pretty interesting to see topics like misogyny and conservative politics based on the Joseon Dynasty to appear in this form of media. Now after reading that first sentence, some people might think it has extreme views of feminism, but after reading through all of the logs, I never though it went to the point of being extreme, but also enough to make me open up and think about these topics in more detail. I will warn you some of the logs have some sexual themes, but thankfully no images.The Characters:- When meeting the two AI's, you will notice they both possess the typical tropes you would usually see, in addition to having completely different political views and backgrounds, with *Hyun-ae from a more liberal background and *Mute from a more conservative background, leaving the investigator with a personality that is based on yours. Personally, I find both *Hyun-ae and *Mute pretty interesting to say the least. Other characters mentioned in the novel will only be read though log files and there are quite a bit of people to read about so I'm just going to let you find out who they are for yourself.Decisions:- There are five endings to reach and the choices made throughout your playthrough will determine what the AI's think of you (the harem ending requires you to cheat to some degree, which is pretty funny once you manage to do that). The questions you need to answer will mostly involve yes-no type questions. If you decide to pose as a woman, *Mute's dialogue and opinion on you will completely change, but *Hyun-ae's opinion will remain the same since you really never tell her any general information about the player.Length:- One playthrough might be around 4-6 hours average if you took your time to read. For something of that length, I could care less because I really enjoyed the story and the topics it presented.The UI (User Interface)- Looking around in the terminal can be a bit troublesome at first, but you will eventually figure it out and the UI is overall easy to navigate.The Soundtrack:- I would say the soundtrack is pretty decent and fits the mood for every scenario you read.What is my conclusion? I had a very intriguing experience that gave me traumatizing thoughts that will stick with me for the rest of my life. In my opinion, it is definitely worth full price in addition to the soundtrack composed by Isaac Schankler and of course, definitely worth having a look at. Don't pay any attention to the official Metacritic score simply because after reading them, it felt as if some of them were judged a little unfairly becuase they just didn't like the story and of course the novel was judged by ONE person with a total of five people from different publications reviewing this novel making the score completely skewered making it seem not as good as everyone says it is. If you are still skeptical despite everything I said, there is a demo for you to look at to see if you like what you have read so far. Hopefully we can actually have more people initiating proper discussions on these topics and not resort to yelling at one another with ignorance and hatred."
,Recommended,209370,10913535,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,Jim North,"The GoodThe story, the writing, and the characters.  I want to talk about all of it here, so very very much.  But I can't.  For one thing, I might not be able tostopblathering on about it.  For another . . . the story inAnalogueis one of those that you should really go into knowing as little as possible about what's in store.Fortunately, you can grab the demo that more than adequately shows what I'm talking about, and I cannot possibly recommend enough that folks should give it a try.  Your mileage may vary, of course, but in my case, I got to the demo's end, spluttered ""No!  No no no!  That was it?!Noooooo!"", then immediately bought the full game so I could see what happened next.  Then I obsessively went back through again and again to 100% it.  Zomgoodness, so good.But okay, aside from the writing!  I also like the art (though, as made obvious by the screenshots, it's pretty minimal), and I really enjoyed the file structure of the game.  I can see where it might seem a bit plain/boring/strict to some, but obsessively collecting and clicking files to read through them and gather information just speaks to me.The BadThere are a couple of places where stuff will hit you without warning and thus block off certain story paths, which can be annoying the first couple of times it happens.  Fortunately, if you save regularly and/or make liberal use of the skip function, this can be ameliorated somewhat.OverallIf I could put up a sign that said ""I RECOMMEND THIS"" in ten foot tall letters with glitter, strobe lights, and fireworks, I would.  It's just that good.  So c'mon, download the demo and give it a try.  You owe it to yourself, and to your waifu~"
76561198282033422,Recommended,209370,29929119,Posted: 14 February,all,MDimnida,This visual novel is very good and intriguing. I'm not sure it's worth the price to pay because i found it very short compared to other visual novels i've played for free. I like the interactions with the Ai and how they shape the story. Very interesting and recommended.
76561198032397651,Recommended,209370,34230051,Posted: 13 August,all,astand,"A pretty good visual novel. It consists mostly of reading letters and diaries of different people who lived on the generation ship hundreds of years ago and of discussing them with two AI characters.The story is solid, although the message surely lacks subtlety. And several anime tropes seem at odds with the overall tone of the story (I felt that way, at least). Still a worthwile experience, in my opinion."
,Recommended,209370,9121597,"Posted: 15 February, 2014",all,Jilessa,I loved this Game! I highly recommend it for those who like to solve mysteries in games etc. It also has 5 different endings so you dont get easily bored!!
,Recommended,209370,10599697,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,spectrumrays,"If you like visual novels and interactive fiction, Analogue: A Hate Story is an absolute gem. A compelling mystery, great story, great pacing - a little light on replay value and can be a little tedious at times, but I'm always out to support visual novels on Steam and you should too! It makes a change from the standard Free-to-Play and multiplayer that everyone keeps harping about."
76561198025239184,Recommended,209370,16809894,"Posted: 30 June, 2015",all,jchelios,"This is frighteningly good.  And I don't use that adverb idly; I mean that this ""cutesy little love story"" is affecting in a highly disconcerting way.Seriously, Christine Love, how the hell did you make me feelTHAT MUCH positive sentiment toward someone who COMMITS GENOCIDE?!I feel likeEva Braunafter playing that.  o_OIn terms of story, this deep-space tale of loss checks all the right science fiction boxes.  In terms of gameplay, it can be effectively summarized as, ""The Codex entries fromMass Effecttake on a life of their own.  (High praise, since the Codex did more to make that game great than most people realize.)9.999(repeating of course) out of 10, just so that I can give the sequel,Hate Plus, a 10/10.  (You can also get the prequel,Digital: A Love Storyfor freefrom the dev's website, but it's set thousands of years in the past with none of the same characters or locations, so it's not a prerequisite.)"
,Recommended,209370,7889792,"Posted: 2 December, 2013",all,Nreckage,I like it.  Because harem route.    Deal with it.
76561198010838885,Recommended,209370,13873571,"Posted: 6 January, 2015",all,mnmike2002,"A very clever, if short, Visual Novel that tells a tale of a horrible tragedy, the man sent to investigate it, and the two AIs that help him uncover the truth.The player is sent to investigate a colony ship that has been out of communication for a very long time.  You are told to figure out what happened, copy the files, and get out, and that the ships AI, *Mute, would assist you.  But when you arrive *Mute is disabled--and instead, you run across an AI called *Hyun-ae.  Who is *Hyuan-ae?   What happened to the colony ship and the passangers?  What about *Mute?  To find out the answers to these questions, you must read through the various ship log files (letters, diaries, etc.)--and chat with the AIs.What you uncover is fascinating and disturbing.  If it were told in realtime, it would be a horror novel.  But by setting most of the action well in the past, it allows the player to discover a happy--or at least happy-ish--ending.If you like murder mysteries or period dramas, or crazy little love stories, give this Visual Novel a read."
,Recommended,209370,13952355,"Posted: 11 January, 2015",all,Jessiicarr,"The start of this game give no indication that it's going to head the way that it does. If you like reading, then the story is ♥♥♥♥ing brilliant! It touches topics that most movies won't, never mind most games! The main character is cute and I empathized for her. There is also, of course, a few dirty bits in there. So it's an over all winner tbh."
,Recommended,209370,8485240,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,Yukino Yukinoshita,"good game , but , you must know english,, rly funny and good story, such cute girsl ,"
,Recommended,209370,10964838,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,MPO,"At first, I was pretty bored, the text and names blurring together (it didn't help that I just stopped playing Super Hexagon), but after a little bit, I was absolutely engrossed and played for a hours straight.  It's very innovative and I'm so glad I bought this, despite the criticisms I've heard.  I'm a fan of visual novels and I've never been as compelled by one.Not only that, but it's a very educational retelling of a morally abhorrent era and how it comes to be.  Pick up the sequel, Hate Plus, for much more.http://store.steampowered.com/app/239700"
,Recommended,209370,11694135,"Posted: 13 August, 2014",all,[LT3] CJHavoc,"An absolutely lovely and engaging story, filled with really good moments and well developed characters. It makes you pause to think, and progresses in a very pleasing way. The soundtrack is great, which is one of the things I always notice about a game. Would absolutely reccomend this to anyone who enjoys graphic novel style games with a strong narrative that doesn't focus on sex or romance specifically. It's a joy to play when you want to just sit and unravel a good story, and I look forward to unlocking the other endings."
,Recommended,209370,9092384,"Posted: 13 February, 2014",all,nichdel,"If you're looking for a good natively English visual novel, this is the second best you'll get (next to Katawa Shoujo). Unfortunately, that says more about the poor state of English visual novels than the game itself.Being a Visual Novel the game is heavily story driven, but it is not nearly as linear as a normal visual novel. The first time you play this non-linearity is really neat, but replays are quite tedious.The game's feminist elements are less heavy handed than some of the author's previous works, but sometimes still over-stressed. The AI characters and the story itself are decently written.I only recommend this in light of few better offers in the English Visual Novel niche: get it on a good sale.Content: 3/5 (Nothing stand-out, nothing bad)Quality: 5/5 (Slick interface, no noticeable bugs)Combine: 8/10"
,Recommended,209370,9166931,"Posted: 18 February, 2014",all,C̮̥̥͋o͚̖͛ẅ͖̭̜̑̏++,"Wow what a messed up story :O Accurate title, really did not expect the kind of impact the game had on me. More respect to visual novels."
,Recommended,209370,13355565,"Posted: 13 December, 2014",all,kurogetsusai,"I thought it will be an interesting game, different from other visual novels and I was right. After playing this game for an hour I was very disappointed. I was like ""What the hell is this? That's sexist and boring, I want my money back!"", but after I finished this game I can honestly say it was one of the best games I've ever played. Good story, interesting characters, beautiful music and graphics (drawings and the user interface). At first I liked *Hyun-ae, then I changed my mind about 3 times, now I like her even more.Analogue: A Hate Storyis full of surprises, I would never have expected this game to be so good.Thank you for that game, I have also boughtHate Plusand both soundtracks. I'm looking forward to seeing more games like this one. And thanks for Linux support!"
,Recommended,209370,4385798,"Posted: 29 November, 2012",all,Shotime,"Another unique gaming experience on my list.  Analogue plays like an interactive novel.  You read log entries on a computer and show them to the two AIs that reside in the ship's mainframe.  Multiple endings promote replayability and the deeper mystery of the story is engrossing enough for the time you play the game.  There is also a ""hacking"" segment that involves imputting commands on a terminal, which is fun and provides a sense of urgency during a segment of gameplay.Pros:Unique gaming experienceDecent/engaging storyMultiple endingsCons:Terminal doesn't feel like a real terminalCompletely story basedThe game is short, but with this style of game I'd consider that more a strength as some experiences are only meant to be a few hours long.  Pick it up on sale. B+"
76561197978481941,Recommended,209370,10926641,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,Rev. Elevator Dreams,"Visual novels are a genre that is not well known to most english speaking peoples. Visual novels are mainly read and produced by Japan where they make up a large percentage of the PC games market.Analogue: A Hate Story is a decent beginners visual novel. It is relatively short for a VN at just 4 hours of ""gameplay"" but if you can get it for 2 or 3 bucks it is worth the price of admission.There are not too many good VNs on steam but if you like A Hate Story you should check out Narcissu. IT IS FREE."
,Recommended,209370,13333720,"Posted: 12 December, 2014",all,EmeraldEmblem,"Before you buy this game, a word of warning, this Visual Novel has a LOT of text that you'll have to read yourself, if that's not what you want, then look elsewhere.This is basically a game where you are a detective and have travelled to a space colony that has been lost for 1000 years, however there is no more human life aboard. You log into the ships computer and with the help of 2 AI, Hyun ae and Mute, you must uncover the truth of the colony and why there is no one alive on it anymore.You will have to do some basic programming to find all the info you need so there is input despite all the logs you'll have to read, some go into 6 pages in length so prepare your reading glasses and pay close atention to the details, you will be quizzed by the AI girls at intervals during your investigation to get your opinions on some of the things that you read in these logs and possibly get them to give you more logs.You will read a number of different stories that happened during the final years of the ships human life, you may be shocked, you may be disgusted but it will make you want to read on and find out the whole story.This game would take about 5 hours to complete one playthrough, but there are 5 different endings including a special harem ending (Yes they may be Computer programs but if you so choose you can agree to get married to them)I give this game a solid 8/10, the interface isn't perfect but it does it's job and it gives you a little extra input and involvement than other Visual Novels, so if that sounds good to you it'd be worth your time to pick up."
,Recommended,209370,10924821,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,Tahulk,"I’d like to start off by saying that I believe this game is very much a hit or miss sort of title, with little deviation into more lukewarm territory.  In other words, I believe you'll either really like this game or really dislike this game.  As you can see from my thumbs up right there^, this game was certainly a hit for me, but as Visual Novels aren’t for everyone, I cannot guarantee that it will be for you as well.Analogue: A Hate Story gives you, a deep space investigator, the task of sifting through the written records of the now dead inhabitants of a long lost (and now newly re-discovered) colony ship with the help of the ship's two cute and (mostly) friendly AIs.  As you read each document, you’ll slowly piece together a fuller story of the ship’s ‘not-quite-right’ society, and the events that lead to its ultimate demise.  I found the story tastefully dark and engaging enough to keep me flipping the pages (as much as you can flip pages in a Visual Novel) until the very end.The only real complaint I have is the lack of a difficulty setting.  Granted by definition Visual Novels don’t have much gameplay to them that could be altered by a difficulty setting, but in this VN in particular, there is one section where I would have enjoyed a bit more of a challenge.  With only mild spoilers, suffice to say that you are given too much time to complete a certain task that anyone with any sort of experience with Command Prompt will fly through in a quarter or less of the allotted time.  A difficulty setting that decreases that time would have been a nice addition.Relatively minor discrepancies aside though, I believe this game is definitely worth a shot if you’ve ever got $10 (or $3.39 if you’re buying during a super-sale like I did) to spare, whether it turns out to be a hit or a miss for you."
,Recommended,209370,9751177,"Posted: 6 April, 2014",all,shu,really a nice game.. :3 i love that game..
,Recommended,209370,12651998,"Posted: 26 October, 2014",all,elfpvke,"Maybe the Metacritic rating is the real Hate Story here.  Zing.Seriously, I enjoyed this (and the sequel) personally and don't get the low score, but I know these are not for everyone.  Subject material gets pretty dark   You'll probalby like it if you're into most visual novels or have played any of the author's other games.   She has some available free on here site if you're not sure."
,Recommended,209370,2080309,"Posted: 23 August, 2013",all,crunsher,"Nice VN about space-feudalism, the role of women in the 10th century in Korea and, obviously, romance.Even tough it plays like a tumblr blog at times."
,Recommended,209370,8474930,"Posted: 31 December, 2013",all,Level 1 Boyscout,A lovely visual novel for all my nerds
76561198029169954,Recommended,209370,8410277,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,Mr. Fishy,"As visual novels go, this game was obviously made with a smaller budget and isn't particularly long. However, it's still one of the better stories I've ever read. The two characters you interact with both give important perspective on the story, and are intriguing to interact with. Plus, it's an emotional roller coaster - if the climax doesn't make you tear up at least a little, you must be a robot. This game is definitely worth the money, and the sequel is worth checking out too if you really enjoy it."
,Recommended,209370,1375249,"Posted: 1 July, 2012",all,เสือ,"I absolutely love this game.  It has a deeply engrossing story to read that leaves you wanting more.  Definitely worth the money, so check it out!"
,Recommended,209370,14529456,"Posted: 18 February, 2015",all,trdaisuke,"Worth reading/playing. Characters that inspires a great deal of empathy, combined with a tragic story (in both the modern and the classical sense). Interesting approach to storytelling (piecing together a narrative by looking through logs and letters). At least two major plot twists are heavily foreshadowed - you can probably guess one ""spoiler"" within the first ten minutes - but I think the foreshadowing is done well. Finally, it's a thought-provoking (if not unique) cautionary tale - if humanity does undertake a ""generational"" approach to extraplanetary space travel, what could happen if knowledge of the science and technology is lost? (Even today, almost everyone relies on some invention or technology they don't fully understand.)"
,Recommended,209370,3206559,"Posted: 15 October, 2012",all,Vector Chromatron,"Well written, touching, gruesome and important. Comes highly recommended if you like good writing in games or read sci-fi authors like Ursula K. LeGuin."
,Recommended,209370,6904982,"Posted: 5 April, 2013",all,Reace,"Visual Novel. If you don't like reading then stay away. It's all about reading here. Specifically touching matters of Korean noble family problems. Not the best ever but very interesting stories nevertheless. In here, you are a sort of programmer talking to a virtual AI who once lived as human. There's actual replay value since it has 5 different endings, although you can still complete it all in one sitting via saves."
,Recommended,209370,9231857,"Posted: 23 February, 2014",all,~★Da_Maul★~,"Jesus christ this game.i'm assuming you're read the description of this game, so i'll keep this brief.this game's narrative, (presented through letters and diary entries written by people in the past) is by far one of the better ones i've seen. there's a few plot twists that caught me totally off guard, and some that were hinted at that i got pretty quickly. the two characters that you can actually ""speak"" to feel genuinly as though they are real, and they react as real ""people"" would. the dialogue can range from being somewhat humorous, to being quite sad (while this won't have you shedding tears, it definitely dampens your mood.).all in all pretty good. i give this game a 9.5/10 (and i'm usually a harsh critic) the only downside is that sometimes, there's just mountains of text for you to read through, and it can seem a bit daunting.i hope my review helped you in your purchasing descision."
,Recommended,209370,9178104,"Posted: 19 February, 2014",all,FyriFloo,"In my experience, Analogue: A Hate Story was a hard sell. There was that stubborn wait until it was on sale because I doubted it would be any fun at first glance. Now that I have experienced the story, my objective is to find and buy everything else in this series. The entertainment value is surprisingly high, considering this is little more than an interactive choose-your-own-adventure novel at first glance. Going without tips or hints was a challenge, and earning each ending so far has made each new secret unlocked feel like a big and well-earned reward. This is a genre I typically avoid, but I'm thinking I might just be addicted to it at this point. This isn't the sort of game for everyone, and some of the dialogue is unexpectedly irreverent, but this will remain a personal favorite of mine and a fun replay once a year at least."
,Recommended,209370,7873376,"Posted: 1 December, 2013",all,D13 x Doctor,"Very well made VN. Character development was spot on. The reading was kind hard to get into at first just by the sheer quantity of it, but as I got into it, I thought even that was very well done."
,Recommended,209370,13618330,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,Arie,*Hyun-Ae scares me.
,Recommended,209370,9189357,"Posted: 19 February, 2014",all,ish,It made me sad and angry and I cried and there was gay and it was like Gone Home in its ability to evoke real emotional response in me which was obv very unsettling but still I loved it.
76561198008168929,Recommended,209370,13949685,"Posted: 11 January, 2015",all,X∀©H,"Why would I indulge myself in this VN.... to be exact, why wouldn't I? My ""good-story"" sense is tingling and if that's not enough, the overwhelming positive reviews speak for itself. Purchased the game for some time but didn't get the chance to enjoy it until now.... took 13 hours straight to completely beat and achieve everything in it. Now if I could just find the time to do the same with Hate Plus...."
,Recommended,209370,13654697,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,BOO!!,Cold is the breeze of the airHow happy are each [person's] emotionsThe heartbeat in the chestIs as though heaven-sent.Chorus[The] Music of Christmas is widespreadAll are livelyThere is no sadnessHappiness is full.[The] Music of Christmas pervadesIn the inside every homeHappy are the sightsThere is song in the breeze of the wind.
,Recommended,209370,21809366,"Posted: 13 March, 2016",all,GameThulhu,"This is a fantastic game. I can't say much without spoiling it, but I strongly recommend it to anyone who likes reading.If you're not a fan of reading, this may not be your thing. At all."
,Recommended,209370,17572998,"Posted: 16 August, 2015",all,Historia is my Queen,A great game with a great story :) i loved this game :D
,Recommended,209370,3876459,"Posted: 9 August, 2013",all,Halflight,"Analogue: A Hate Story is a visual novel which puts you in the shoes of an hacker trying to download the records of a strane spaceship, the Mugunghwa. The main meat of the game is to read log after log and try to have various conversations with the two AIs, *Hyun-ae and *Mute.Unlike other visual novels, the main focus is not to get either one of the two AIs, but rather explore the story of the people on the Mugunghwa. Analogue offers different endings, which are kind of challenging to get without some input first.There is also an unexpected timed mission in the middle of the story that can be impossible to clear without knowing which commands to use on the main computer.Beside, Analogue: A Hate Story is a charming title, with a more than passable story and a clean, pleasant graphic presentation"
76561198030762242,Recommended,209370,4016813,"Posted: 5 July, 2013",all,FirestormMk3,"This game may be short, but it packs a lot into that amount of time.  I think the most amazing part of Analogue is the fact that I spent the entire game willing to believe that I was in fact dealing with a derilict space ship's computer.  Everything from the AI interface all the was back down to the cmd prompt style overrider terminal seemed authentic - like a viable interface.  Even some of the incongruent behavior of the AI Hyun-ae is explained away, but to go further in would be a spoiler and a disservice to any potential player.At first I was just trying to dig for the ship's admin password, but before long I wanted to know what happened to the inhabitants of this doomed colony ship - and I'm excited to learn more about the ship's history in the upcoming Hate Plus.This is one of the better visual novels I've explored (and the most interactive) and by far the most immersive.  To anyone seeking a good sci-fi or general lost-history mystery, I must fully recommend Analogue: A Hate Story."
76561197973669178,Recommended,209370,632307,"Posted: 19 August, 2013",all,Corpsefool,I bought this because it said ANAL in the title. Boy was I disapointed.
,Recommended,209370,6082419,"Posted: 12 September, 2012",all,Palas,"Ok so it's been like a hundred years since I played this, but now I have a firm opinion on it.Even Digital: A Love Story showed hints of a game designer that knows so well how her interface works and what's the player relationship with it that she can predict your desperation when it fails - deliberately. Everything in Analogue is made so that you get used to, addicted to even, knowing more about the setting and the characters. As a game, Analogue teases you, makes you care about Hyun-ae with the sheer force of its information flux. It hides and shows and you want to unfold the mysteries even if you're not particularly attached to them. This is Christine Love strongest point.This is, however and of course, her biggest shortcoming.Every choice is a moral dichotomy and a very obvious one at that. *Mute is not a character you can relate to. She was not made to be relatable, I suppose... she's more like a storytelling prop. Analogue asks you if you think women are inferior and, if you're sane, you'll say no. Choices inevitably lead to Hyun-ae. The only way to get *Mute's route - if we should call it that way - is through a conscious, rational effort. But this is when the string behind the puppet appear and you play the game knowing its rules, doing things because you need to and not because you want to. So there's depth to the game, but you don't submerge. Instead, you're given a sonar."
,Recommended,209370,9146319,"Posted: 16 February, 2014",all,Ciol,"Short, interesting and original story.If you tried and liked ""To the moon"" you should like this one, and vice-versa."
,Recommended,209370,13249239,"Posted: 6 December, 2014",all,Arya Stark,단편적인 사건들을 모아서 스토리의 거대한 흐름을 풀어나가는 게 상당히 완성도 있게 느껴졌다. 콘솔에 명령어를 입력해서 짧은 텍스트를 읽는 플레이 방식이 매우 신선했음. 눈과 귀를 각각 즐겁게 하는 일러스트와 BGM은 덤.
76561198169733375,Recommended,209370,13838125,"Posted: 4 January, 2015",all,tea,"Analogue: A Hate Story is more of an interactive novel than a visual novel. The only graphics are the AI figures and the white backdrop. You can change Hyun-ae's outfit, but that's it.Although I thoroughly enjoyed the game, it is not a game for everyone. There is a lot of text to read. You spend almost all of your time reading through the ship logs. There is no action and no excitement because that's not what this game is about. It tells a dark story through narrative, a very well-written one that is. I did not find every single log to be interesting to read, but that's to be expected since some characters outshine the others in depth and relatability.A major weakness is its low replayability. It's just not the same the second time through when you already know what the revelations are. The first playthrough was magical, and it stirred the emotions. For the second and third playthroughs, however, you'll probably be wanting to click through everything as fast as you can so you can unlock the new endings. You might re-read two logs or so, but then you would pretty much be done with the game."
,Recommended,209370,13935773,"Posted: 10 January, 2015",all,Zerviscos,"After completing the whole game, and getting all achievements. I can finally do a full review.No gameplay review, no graphics review, no settings review, just a story review, since this is aVisual Novel.If it's the sound, I guess it's worth noting it's pretty good. I would've done this at around 8 hours Steam time, but apparently there was this one log in the Helpful Block that wasn't popping up unless you manually search it, to complete the achievements.Anyways, where do I start?Well to begin, my first impression on the game before I bought and played it, I thought it'll be some spunkyRomCom(Romantic Comedy) with AI waifus. 'Cause, srz, isn't that what a lot of people who's interested gonna think?I was wrong, the first few minutes all I did was read, and read, and read, thinking I'll get bored soon enough. But, little did I know, I was in for a treat that tastes sweet, yet strongly bitter at the same time that'll leave a long-lasting taste in my mouth. Themore time I invested into it, themore I got interested in the story.The game isnot an actual interactive Visual Novel where there will be actual interactions. This is where the Anime cliché is used to most likely interest buyers and get immersed in the story. Thing is, it's more ofjust a plain Novel...that's Visual(wat).Instead of reading straight from a book though, you read logs of the dead last generation crew that was on the ship. It's not that straightforward of a read, but you look for the logs, putting them together and making a conclusion, piece by piece.I am not gonna spoil the story, or what I/or other people most likely felt, since it'll be better for you to find out yourself.To summarize the setting and theme of the story. The logs take place in somewhat Medieval futuristic lost 1st generation colony in space, where the decline of education and sciences takes place, the literacy rate has fallen, and as medicine also fell, so does the birth rate and life expectancy. Where you read logs of some of it's last generation high-ranking people that mostly just includes various events about romance, lust, sadness, and various other emotions. It's not as deep as you'd think, but it's fair enough for me atleast.Since it's romance-based, there are no science logs, or any explanation on how life it is there, but you can imagine it, since it's heavily foreshadowed.To generalize,real life setting comparison is the Medieval era that took place after the Dark Ages after the fall of the Roman Empire. Based loosely on the Joseon Dynasty in Korea, which overviews one of the most tragic eras for women.Anyways, as a bookworm, a lover of various novels, some of them romance, and visual novels. I could say this game is worth buyingIF YOU'RE ALSO THE SAME.BE WARNEDthough, there are various forms of misogyny in the story, and this is to emphasize that the game is to raise awareness of feminism, as the gameWAS MADEby a feminist.Still,8.5/10.Cheap, fairly good story, and somewhat a relaxing way to spend a few hours during the night. Only complaint is the minor achievement bugs, and a few minor plot holes to be concluded, which I guess I'll find out in the sequel."
76561198043120319,Recommended,209370,13964697,"Posted: 12 January, 2015",all,megamagicmonkey,"A very atypical game. Totally text-based, but not a text-adventure but also not quite a Visual Novel either. Nothing is too challenging but there are points where logic and reasoning are the keys to success (but barring that the game can literally spell it out for you). It's a game that makes you think, not in a puzzle-solving way but in a social/philosophical way. If that's not your thing, then stay far, far away.At first, it felt drab, and dull. I was confused and got bored and started skipping through log data, but it didn't take long for the real nature of the game to make itself open to me. I got invested in the data as, suddenly, there's now a point to digging through the copious amounts of data. After that, you're sunk. After digging through data for clues, I found myself reading through the not-so-important cultural stuff just to get a better feeling for the world I was exploring. Even the logs I skipped I went back and re-read. It's all done very cleverly and I definitely reccomend this to anyone seeking an intellectually stimulating fun time."
,Recommended,209370,13966396,"Posted: 12 January, 2015",all,TheDingöGuy,"An excellent emotion curving story that makes you think about a society that shouldn't exist in their time. Actually replayed part of the story to get the ending I wanted after mistyping the finale >.<. Recommended for those who enjoy deep stories, like to read and/or have a capable memory."
,Recommended,209370,1089013,"Posted: 26 December, 2012",all,Mister Maf,"This 'game' is often described as a visual/interactive novel, which I find fairly accurate.  It's written by a Canadian author named Christine Love and puts you in the role of an investigator sifting through the logs of a long-missing colony spaceship that's recently reappeared.Journals, transcripts, letters - primary document-type stuff for those of you who paid attention in history class - provide fragmented glimpses that slowly come together to make a full picture from many different sides.  You're not alone; the ship's two AI constructs guide you through and connect you to the world with their experiences and opinions - and connect with you via your own opinions.When I started noticing the parallels to a certain historical topic (I'll put exactly what as a comment; mild spoilers), I was indeed reminded of a particular year of history class in school, and the further I delved into the records, the more I fell in love with and was horrified by their backwards portrayal of future and past.Don't be fooled by the appearance of the characters - this is a mature story that deals with some heavy topics.  It's got multiple endings by way of interaction with the vessel's two AIs, which represent opposite opinions on some of the story's central themes.  You don't need to like science fiction or history - all you need is to not be afraid to read.Analogue: A Hate Story is unique and definitely worth your time."
,Recommended,209370,12141349,"Posted: 18 September, 2014",all,Horagen81,"To be honest this is not a decent Review but I may be the close I can come with a game like this.""Sitting here Playing/ Reading ""A Hate story"" and ""Hate Plus"" it stirs somting in me every time I log off now as I write this, Tears is streaming down my eyes only writing is preveting it to be fulll blown. If I could I would reach out and hugh them both to confort them in their plight and fill me with joy everytime they smile to me.""For me a 33 year old guy to have tears running down my cheek when I play games like those two is something that rarely happens... as for the recomendation I do recommend it to those that love reading a good novelle about romance, strife and life in general. It may be hard some place to understand perhaps but I hope you will think like me and think it was worth it in the end."
,Recommended,209370,9995173,"Posted: 1 May, 2014",all,lordvorselon,"This is by far, one of the most amazing and touching games that I have ever played. Unlike most other ""video games"" this one is not really an action filled/ fast paced work, so if you don't want to get into something that does not involve shooting or killing, this is not a game necessarily made for you. But, if you enjoy an emotional and worthwhile story, this is a must!  Before I got this game, I thought that all visual novels were basically hentai games. I was TOTALLY wrong about that. I don't believe that a game had ever made me feel so much emotions or had mpacted me before. Of course the awesome music also intensifies the experience.IF you are into reading or at least decent in reading large amounts, then this game will provide to you a chance to really get into the text and learn much about different things. As this visual novel progresses, you will see that this story applies to the past, present, and future, capable of reaching a variety of audiences (even though there are some dark themes).Like sci-fi? History? Humor? A good story?Worth every cent, every second, and every time you flip a page."
76561198135136308,Recommended,209370,15850065,"Posted: 16 May, 2015",all,Kuro_Neko,"I'm not usually one for visual novels, but I'd heard a lot of good things about this series floating around the internet so I finally decided to give it a try. It is excellent story, if rather tragic.  The graphics are good, and the interface is well designed and well integrated into the story.  I highly recommend it."
,Recommended,209370,16913480,"Posted: 6 July, 2015",all,Claud Strife,"As a female, playing a female character and still being able to get the harem ending was quite fun. <3"
,Recommended,209370,17750326,"Posted: 28 August, 2015",all,Rowtan,"Puts the 'novel' back in visual novel. Keeps you glued to your seat. Makes you fearful for the future.Apart from a nitpicking issue on my part (would've loved to have a separate button for unseen AI responses for the logs, and I wish I could skip the reactor scene) I consider this practically perfect. Great characters (not just counting the AIs!), appropriate music, tragic story, liked the minimal interface. It is to die for."
76561198235430060,Recommended,209370,27586441,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,zeloskun,"This game is very enjoyable.It isn't a lot of hours of gameplay, but for what you get it's worth it.  The story is very interesting and the gameplay of going through files while getting to know the AI is nice as well.Overall a great game :)"
,Recommended,209370,27692095,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Segger,"You are an interstellar investigator tasked with uncovering what befell the massive and since obliterated Korean generation shipMugunghwa. As you arrive, you're greeted and assisted by the last survivor of the tragedy; an AI who has since been lying dormant for hundreds of years with deep ties to the long departed residents.Analogue: A Hate Story is essentially a visual novel with less visuals than novel that excels at being much more involved and gripping than most VNs I've played/read. Whether you're pulling up the terminal interface for theMugunghwato re-balance power systems via text commands or reassuring your digital partner, your actions never really feel inconsequential.Pair the above up with good writing, an emotional plot rife with injustice, and an interesting placement of traditional Korean customs in a SciFi setting, and you get Analogue: A Hate Story."
,Recommended,209370,36524,"Posted: 21 November, 2012",all,A Fancy Fridge Magnet,"A really awesome interactive story. The story is presented to you as you read through message archives. More and more messages are unlocked as you progress, giving you more details and filling in holes in the story. Simple dialogue choices allow you to express your interpretations of the events, and are met with emotional responses. This game isn't for everybody, and I was even turned off at first; but as I played it, I became engaged with the story and couldn't stop. Completed the game in about 3 hours and only achieved a 70% completion. There are multiple endings available, and some additional dialogue if you like multiple play-throughs."
,Recommended,209370,7332819,"Posted: 7 October, 2013",all,✨AskingForTrouble™,"Don't be fooled by the happy, kawaii anime girls in the screenshots; this game's story is very depressing, almost to the point of tears.  Christine Love's visual-novel, Analogue, A Hate Story, may have a happy ending, but the road is all too painful to make it all worthwhile.  It is, however, a well-researched journey into the ancestral psyche; a sort of negative past that makes it all so surreal, it's hard to believe that it the game's setting is a thousand years into the future!"
76561198078882603,Recommended,209370,31748458,Posted: 14 May,all,Reiho,"Decent VN with good story. Nice design on both characters and the files are all interesting to read. I got nothing to complain,I had a nice time with it and recommend it to anyone who has the patience to read everything and figure some stuff out by themselves."
76561197970900736,Recommended,209370,12226863,"Posted: 24 September, 2014",all,Damegami Renji,"This was amazing, but I'll start with a few criticisms: The game was a bit short for its (full) price (I got it on sale), the interface was clunky, and it was a bit predictable at times-- I usually found myself figuring out a mystery  several letters before the reveal.Now, with that out of the way, the story is really good. Male readers may find the story slightly too much aimed at a female audience, but, hey, you kinda had that coming after every other non-yaoi VN ever. Regardless, *Hyun-ae is an incredibly compelling character who also has proper emotional reactions for a teenager-- isntead of just being treated as a small, cute, naiive adult.Where it really shines, though, is how it has a completely unique narrative style-- you progress through the game by reading letters and then showing them to *Hyun-ae or *Mute-- it feels like a cross between Phoenix Wright and Nabokov's Pale Fire. And while you can argue that the story isn't as good as either of those, the fact that there's even an argument to be made between this and a novel routinely listed in lists of top 100 novels ever written shows soemthing amazing about it."
,Recommended,209370,14096699,"Posted: 21 January, 2015",all,Ryonez,"I can't say much more than this.I pick it up, couldn't put it back down.The story was well thought out and the chosen interface was great. The one issue I had was one of the help files wasn't being automaticly added. This took me a while to find out and was only an issue because it prevented me from initially getting 100% completion."
,Recommended,209370,6244280,"Posted: 4 May, 2013",all,Tiff,"Analouge was a pretty short game, but still worth it.  An amazing, heartbreaking storyline, with 5 different endings, and two unforgettable characters, Analouge is an amazing game.  But even though it had a kind of happy ending (the one I chose anyway) I still feel kind of depressed for some reason.  Probably just because I tend to get emotional about movies and games and stuff. (more on that another time)"
,Recommended,209370,9784068,"Posted: 10 April, 2014",all,I Cookeh I,"Funny and awesome story! You really get a feel for the character you choose, at least for Hyun-ae"
,Recommended,209370,13313369,"Posted: 10 December, 2014",all,RedMage13,Great storyGreat soundtrackGreat Atmosphere
,Recommended,209370,33526765,Posted: 13 July,all,NachoHero,"Analogue: A Hate Story is a good game.It was really entertaining to read different logs from different perspectives.The art style looks great, the soundtrack is great, and the story might not be that appealing at a glance but when you read enough it does get you immersed in it, wanting to know more about what happened to the abandoned space ship and it's inhabitants.The two main heroines are charming in their own ways and the fact that you have to ""cheat"" the system to get a certain ending was genius.Overall, it is a pretty good VN.8/10"
,Recommended,209370,34139897,Posted: 9 August,all,pretty_pixels,"While I initially had some issues figuring out the system commands, this game is innovative, a lot of fun, and the story went in directions that really surprised me. Over all 4/5."
,Recommended,209370,2266192,"Posted: 29 April, 2012",all,Atarun,"If you've ever enjoyed a visual novel, you should try Analogue (there's a demo). It's a very fresh take on the genre and the story is great."
,Recommended,209370,25698101,"Posted: 25 September, 2016",all,Chaz Bufflewhiff,"A tremendous, heart-wrenching (and at times stomach-churning) gaming experience with progressive feminist themes. There were moments that literally -- LITERALLY -- made my palms sweat and my heart leap into my throat (okay, maybe not literally). Even when I knew what was going to happen, I just... wow.Bonus: You also get to play dress up with a cute anime girl!"
76561198058442504,Recommended,209370,8588112,"Posted: 6 January, 2014",all,motheaten,"Developer Christine Love can be counted on to do interesting things with games and storytelling, and both Analogue and its sequel are well worth playing if you want something slow-paced and well-written."
76561198059438581,Recommended,209370,12992604,"Posted: 18 November, 2014",all,Tsukumogami,"A very good, if text-heavy visual novel style game.  The plot unfolds almost entirely through text, so if you do not enjoy having to do alot of reading, you may want to skip this game. Otherwise, it is an enjoyable read, with very good music, and a clever, attractive GUI.The plot itself is good, but not exceptional; the power of the game is instead in the execution. The plot may be quite simple, and some character interactions are predictable, yet there is so much beauty and sorrow in this earnestness. Analogue is at its core a vulnerable, self-aware tale; one of redemption, repression, and the very human desire for someone to legitimise your beliefs and your actions. If you give it credit, and go into it realizing that it has two faces, you will find a pleasant intelligence in both its seriousness and self-referential humor.The creator has also consistently delivered solid games, and several of them are free, so if you do enjoy Analogue, definitely try them out."
,Recommended,209370,13094368,"Posted: 26 November, 2014",all,caught in the undertow,Pretty cool story and the terminal adds an interesting aspect even if it's super limited. Prepare to read a lot as the story is mostly in the ship logs. Wouldn't spend more than 5 bucks on it but it's great otherwise.
,Recommended,209370,9416666,"Posted: 10 March, 2014",all,deilann,"Not the best Visual Novel I've ever played, but not terrible.The graphics are simple, which doesn't bother me.What does bother me is how simplistic the story is. The interlinking is done well, but the story seems hyperbolic, possibly due to unreliable narrators, but without hanging a lantern on this fact.But, even still, I enjoyed it. I wouldn't have felt I got my purchase price worth, however, had I not gotten it on sale."
,Recommended,209370,11667364,"Posted: 11 August, 2014",all,toffeemuffincupcake,"Buy it cheap - it's an interesting little visual novel game, with some good world-building, interesting characters and a really unusual but quite enjoyable way of getting the information to you and letting you interact with the two other characters. However, it's really short with very little replay value other than for the purpose of unlocking Steam achievements or getting a particular save file in place of the purposes of importing into the sequel."
,Recommended,209370,11116171,"Posted: 7 July, 2014",all,M_W,"If you're looking for a fun game, this is not for you. If you're looking for an incredibly engaging, well-written, interactive story, this is right up your alley. It is, however, painfully depressing, but not gratutiously so. Unlike most so-called ""dark"" stories, no character, despite often heinous actions, comes off as entirely unsympathetic, and no character seems to fall into misfortune for no reason (Song of Ice and Fire, this is not). These elements it shares in common with most tragic real-life tales, and lends this particular story a great deal of potency.If you share in common with me an incredibly high level of emotional sensitivity, do not play this for long stretches of time, no matter how engaging the story may be. You will find yourself emotionally drained.That♥♥♥♥♥♥sticks with you."
76561198093758135,Recommended,209370,11268341,"Posted: 16 July, 2014",all,Aaron Halberd,"While it's main form of gameplay is reading emails and papers, the story those papers tell will stay with you for a long time.If you're on the fence about getting it, even if it were on sale, I'd recommend trying out the demo. From there, decide how much you'd be willing to pay to find out what happens next."
76561198024792500,Recommended,209370,11617487,"Posted: 9 August, 2014",all,XorUnison,"Visual Novels still seem to be somewhat controversial on steam, though it's obvious that soon there will be a lot more of them here.Personally I think VNs are just another shape to convey a story, albeit one which is not really a game. Though as for Analogue, it does have a little bit of interaction, you pick what to read, you sometimes answer questions and the ractor meltdown scene actually requires some fast thinking and pseudo-hacking.Anaogue also does not really have any nudity or sexual themes, though the story is definitely dark and not something lighthearted. I like things that are based on moral and the darker sides of existence, so that is definitely a bonus point.I know there are many people out there who deem VN players as creepy, but it's like nearly everything in life: There will always be creepy people in all genres and places, but that doesn't make what they fancy necessarily bad. Take it with a grain of salt, sit back and enjoy the positive sides, of which Analogue has some to offer in my opinion. Not everyone who is playing these games kisses his/her monitor.One of the things that annoys me about this game, as banal as it may be, is the fact that the game has 'negative achievements' which dismisses all thoughts of trying to get the achievements, which indirectly lowers the replay value.Also the game is pretty damn short, and the personalities of the AIs do feel somewhat shallow, so personally I'd recomment to only buy it during a sale, which is just what I did myself."
76561198045235975,Recommended,209370,11073255,"Posted: 4 July, 2014",all,Echthra,"The story bases itself around the Mugunghwa, a generation ship into deep space, with the goal of establishing the first interstellar colony. However, the Mugunghwa dropped out of contact and disappeared until centuries later is found floating in space. You're job as an investigator is to find out what exactly happened on the ship after it lost contact with Earth, with the lovely heroines Hyun-ae and Mute (two AI's in the ships computer).+ Early Interactions don't affect outcome much (unless continually picks bad choice)+ Great Mechanics and Interaction+ Nice Aesthetics+ There is cosplay+ Harem Ending!!! (Depends on Path)- Not much ecchi- Harem Ending requires a bit of cheatingAnalogue: A Hate Story is a great for people who are new to visual novels."
,Recommended,209370,11209987,"Posted: 12 July, 2014",all,paperbox,"it's not my first time playing visual novels, and i must say, this one is quiet addicting. the story, characters, and ost are great. i highly recommend it to any who might like VNs.overall score: 10/10.i enjoyed each second of this game. i had fun, and thats what matters."
,Recommended,209370,10821800,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,Worst Weeb NA,If you sit down and play this as you would sit down to read a book I think you would probably enjoy this.
,Recommended,209370,8627871,"Posted: 8 January, 2014",all,evc1989,"This game made me fall a little bit in love with an AI. It's got a fantastic, heartbreaking story, and even if you don't like visual novels, you should really give it a shot!"
,Recommended,209370,162068,"Posted: 30 April, 2012",all,Jabroni Binyot,"Okay, so what we got here, is something that isnt really a game, that is on steam. BUT. Dont walk away just yet.IF you love a good story, love sci-fi, and your open to emotional things. Then you should definetly try out this game. Personally, this ""Game"" is on my list of good stories.I said ""Game"" because, yes its .exe that you open, you got a cursor, and you interact. But you WILL mostly read, there arent a lot of animations either, its a visual novel. And I suggest you try it out, if you like the points I said above. This gem, isnt for everyone. :)"
,Recommended,209370,8692971,"Posted: 13 January, 2014",all,Lu,"In this visual novel, you are tasked with reading logs from a massive colony ship that never reached its destination. That's basically it, reading.There are many twists to the story of the ship, and I don't wish to spoil any. Know, however, that this is a tale about human malice itself, which makes it all the more horrifying.Recommended for fans of story-driven games, but not for the faint of heart."
,Recommended,209370,9166613,"Posted: 18 February, 2014",all,MegaSeveN,"I found this game a little hard to get into at first due to large amount of Korean names being thrown around, but it's not too big of a hurdle to get over. The game itself is essentially just you reading e-mails between members of two major noble families, and then checking to see if the current AI has anything to add. Thanks to some stellar writing and a well thought out plot, what sounds like a pretty mundane experience turns out to be a genuinely interesting one. I was amazed to see the hours fly by as I clicked away.My only real complaint is the price. I got all 5 endings and 100%'d the game in less than 6 hours with minimal guide use. So if that sounds okay to you, by all means pick it up. But I recommend waiting for a sale."
,Recommended,209370,8719302,"Posted: 15 January, 2014",all,hijarian,"Wonderful game. It's deep, it's intriguing, it shocks and it makes you think. It has mini-game in form of the shell interpreter which has crucial importance to the plot and it has the premise so convoluted with all this reading through logs guided by the humanlike AI that you just cannot use your existing experience with games and so you simply start enjoying your immersion to the story.Also I certainly don't understand those from Metacritic who criticize this game for bad writing."
,Recommended,209370,34250409,Posted: 14 August,all,rteternal,Stockholm Syndrome/10
,Recommended,209370,17835372,"Posted: 1 September, 2015",all,plk Lesiak,"This is in my opinion one of the best visual novels available on Steam and maybe one of the best ones ever made. It tells a very impactful and well-written story about discrimination, hate and vengeance, that will most likely move you deeply and make you think about the problems it touches on, even if you don’t fully agree with the positions it takes.The UI and graphics are very thematic, fitting the sci-fi setting and nature of the storytelling very well. Most of the game consists of reading through messages and logs of the ship, databases of which you’re exploring as your main mission. Be prepared for a bit limited interactions and a lot of text, but I think all of it is written well enough and offering such an engaging story, that unless you’re super-impatient you’ll never feel bored – especially because there’s a bit of investigative element to it and it’s quite enjoyable to put all the pieces of the puzzle together. There are only two characters other than player, both of them A.I., but they actually have quite a lot of personality and conversations with them are interesting.There are some confusing mechanics later in the game, so don’t feel bad about using a walkthrough, especially for the one timed section. Other than that, I don’t really see many negatives about Analogue. If you don’t fix on its agenda in unreasonable ways, you’ll find an exceptionally crafted and memorable story, that will stay with you for a long time. It can’t really be called “fun”, considering the its heavy, often depressing themes, but it sure is compelling and that’s the one thing I truly care about when approaching a VN."
,Recommended,209370,10201769,"Posted: 22 May, 2014",all,TMtrue,"It's a cute little story and I enjoyed it. In my opinion however, it is not worth $10. The story was nice and it didn't take long for me to finish it. It also didn't take much longer to 100% the game."
76561198046951943,Recommended,209370,9721269,"Posted: 4 April, 2014",all,Clouds Phantom,"This was a fun social style game, you really feel like the AI's are alive and I enjoyed speaking with them. Once you've gotten through as you really would have, then its fun to find out all the secrets and investigate what was really going on. There are mature themes to the secrets (fyi)"
,Recommended,209370,3195161,"Posted: 16 August, 2012",all,utopianmachine,"An intriguing game that is absolutely worth the play-through...erm, read-through. Anlogue is more of an interactive novel than a game, but the central story of the Pale Bride is a tale worth reading."
76561198035895954,Recommended,209370,4354512,"Posted: 23 August, 2013",all,Scarecrow.exe,"Okay, I can't NOT recommend this VN anymore. (Visual Novel) Note the term is Visual Novel, meaning the focus is intensely on the story and not gameplay. If you enjoy a good mature read, and/or anime girls in cosplay... (xD) Then you'll easily love this VN. The writing is fantastic, Christine Love is a brlliant writer of Tragedy. Yup, this is a Tragedy as defined by drama. It's rare to find a gameworld that draws me in and engrosses me as much as ""Analogue: A Hate Story"" and it's sequal ""Hate Plus"" encouraging multiple playthroughs to simply uncover the whole of each story within. Lots of pebbles and a few rocks are thrown at the forth wall without shattering it, it's as much funny tongue in cheek as it is serious ""Trigger.""WARNING: As said. Trigger. Massive trigger. If you have ""had a tramatizing experience with"" or ""deeply rooted values against"" the following; homosexuality,♥♥♥♥♥♥ depression, suicide, and overall prejudiced ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t, then read and enjoy this with a close friend. This game/series can be a massive trigger if it blindsides you with it's content. The subject matter is as mature as it gets and still handles it with tact and feels.HIghly recommended (For Mature audiences)"
76561198011167182,Recommended,209370,9111551,"Posted: 14 February, 2014",all,Aessa,"oh my god this game, the feels it gives..."
,Recommended,209370,13752553,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,hrymel,"Great game, IF you like narrative driven, visual novel games. There is no combat in this game. No weapons. Not many screen changes/differences.But, there is an amazing story that you get to see unfold from multiple perspectives (make sure to play through as Mute and *Hyung-ae). Plus, it's extremely refreshing to play a game that isn't base on combat or graphics, and pretty addictive trying to get all of the pieces and achievements. The artwork doesn't change a whole lot through out the game, but it's still very appealing."
,Recommended,209370,14476432,"Posted: 14 February, 2015",all,Urganite,"TL;DR: The story, and perhaps more importantly thestorytelling, are both excellent, which are absolutely critical for the genre. Good soundtrack, excellent attention to minor details. I only wish the game itself was longer.I've decided to write this reviewbeforeplaying the expansion, Hate Plus, so that that experience wouldn't color my impressions of this game.No synopsis, that would just be repetitive, not to mention rude. Play the demo. After decades of exposure, I've lost a lot of interest in the manga style, but I tried the game anyway and was oddly drawn to it in a way that is difficult to relate. Perhaps not being Japanese played a role in getting me to give it a shot, I'm not sure. The music is good, but there are not many pieces in the soundtrack. That stuff said, let's just focus on what sets this game apart.The game itself is one part first-person narrative from the perspectives of many people within the setting, you know, 'before the incident', and one part interaction with one of the two main, interactive characters. If you were to add a repetitive action game in the middle, you'd end up with a far better written and more mature .hack game. I was thankful for the silent protagonist role, having a pre-written stand-in to take on 'your' feelings and beliefs can be very immersion breaking.The place where this game really excels is in the 'little things'. I'll not spoil what those little things are, but they make the characters that youcaninteract with feel a lot more believable and 'alive'. Clever use of game devices give the illusion that the interface is natural, which adds a lot to immersion. While some parts are extremely blunt (borderline shocking, considering the context), I felt the story and presentation overall had an alluring subtlety and mystery to it that is strangely devoid in most game stories and, well, from most books, music, and television shows as well.My main complaint with the game is that it is short. While I don't believe in dragging things out for the sake of length, and there is certainly enough there to get the story across with the degree of completeness that I would consider necessary, I felt that the brevity left an empty feeling. A, 'But, wait, I like these characters! It's over already...?' feeling. It's actually a bit ironic. Loneliness as an underlying theme makes much of the hurried feeling in the dialog quite forgivable (even endearing), but again, there's still an abruptness to it that feels disheartening.Regarding the style and themes of the game, this is by no means a critique of the writing, which is excellent. But, without looking, I easily peggedwho the author is as a personfrom just the story. For those who know, that is probably not too surprising, but I felt it was worth mentioning. The writing is highly indicative of that person's personal tendancies, experiences, and perspective, which do give it a richness that may otherwise be lacking. I would be very interested in seeing the author involved in collaborative projects (in part because the loneliness is just falling off the plate...).The author appears to go to great lengths to give a feeling of neutrality overall, aside from the innate societal problems related to the mysterious transition back to the Confucian culture and Chinese writing system of the Joseon era. By the way, if you're on the fence about trying this game, it would beextremely helpfulto you to watch the excellent Korean television shows Dae Jang Geum and/or Tree With Deep Roots (both extremely relevant, for different reasons), though I'm sure other Korean 'period dramas' set in the Joseon era would help spark your interest and understanding.But, finally, the most important part of the game is the storytelling. In the end, the story itself is not as horribly complex as its made out to be as you go through it, but the way everything is revealed, piece by piece, has you drawing conclusions and asking questions that, of course, you cannot voice, but still feel more immersive and palpable than if you were to quietly come about them while reading the story as a plain narrative text. Having the characters play as guide and co-discoverer with you give a feeling of 'togetherness' that is traditionally difficult for games and books to thrust upon their users.In closing, I can't wait any longer to play Hate Plus, and I hope to see more material from this game's author in the same vein."
,Recommended,209370,2185291,"Posted: 12 July, 2012",all,kirillre4,"This is really a nice game. Writing is good, story is interesting, characters are adorable and endings are amusing and touching. Hence being a visual novel, this game even has an action sequence (well, not really action, but it will involve some ""keyboard wizardry""). Also try sequel, Hate Plus. It's achievments are amazing."
,Recommended,209370,7816492,"Posted: 28 November, 2013",all,MangAnimE [H ★ S],Good series of games. This one is a bit better than the Hate Plus (Hate Plus expands on Analogue's story). Experience with using console/terminal commands will make things a little easier. Nice graphics too.
,Recommended,209370,8529053,"Posted: 3 January, 2014",all,Slayn Fayt,"A masterpiece put to actual input. The fact that the game doesn't rely on voice is a major bonus, the text, the logs. It's enthralling and edgy, the music plays a nice setting and inputting commands like this feels more in-touch. The endings are nice and I will always love to see more like and from these. Love it."
,Recommended,209370,14816996,"Posted: 9 March, 2015",all,ㄒ卄丨匚匚 AUSTIN,"A very touching story tackling major issues surrounding the Asian culture of women's roles in society and familial and cultural traditions. Taken place aboard a long abandoned spaceship of the past, an intelligence agent stumbles upon this craft in order to retrieve important intelligence, only to be surprised by the things he/she finds inside.The Good:• Features more interactivity than standard Japanese VNs• A neat addition of a ""command system"" minigame that involves inputting command codes into a computer system which is used to interact with the two heroines and the spaceship itself• A detailed, emotional, yet disturbing story with realistic characters• Various viewpoints depending on each heroine• A cute dress-up game featuring Hyun-ae (one of the heroines)The Bad:• A rather bleak UI compiled onto a solid white background• The email log method of storytelling can become quite confusing & sometimes rather boring• Little romantic interaction for those who are looking for a heavy romance VN• An unimpressive OST with a lot of replayed soundtracksWhat makes this VN different than others?:• This is a story about hatred, hardly romance or love. This focal point in itself makees this VN a truly unique reading experience.• Storytelling through logs of the past. Very little text takes place during real time & 99% of the information you acquire about the heroines is through these logs.Overall, compared to other VNs, the art and music is rather bleak and character interaction is limited, as most of the text comes from logs of the past. But fortunately, the storytelling is strong enough to evoke emotions of empathy for these heroines through strong character development.6/10 [Good] - My review was subpar, but at least the game wasn't."
,Recommended,209370,6251769,"Posted: 28 November, 2012",all,Goldenkitten,"An extremely underrated gym by all accounts. Even as a lover of VN's the poor reviews this game has received in many outlets kept me for getting it until the sale. This was a mistake on my part, and one I'd suggest you don't make. Now let me iterate that if you have no love for the VN medium then this certainly won't change your mind, but for fans who know the genre it's an unexpected treat.Got to say the ""bad"" first, even though it did not bug me. Small funding shows through in a sparse (if still well designed) layout, no true CG's or indeed any real imagery beyond the characters. And it does rank on the short side.The good? Everything else. This is a masterfully written tale that transcends being simply ""good"" into the truly thought provoking. The world is unique, and when it’s over you may still not know how you should feel about it all, with tons of material to ponder, and possible viewpoints to take.I cannot stress enough how much any fan of the VN medium needs to play this."
76561198057827377,Recommended,209370,6042512,"Posted: 28 July, 2012",all,*Lunar180,"I honestly cannot find the words to describe this game in a sentence or two. I can, however, tell you it is a great story about an isolated society that practically drove itself into the ground before it was actually eradicated. I became so attached to the story, I had to complete it in one sitting because I just had to know more. It brings up questions of morality and emotions as you progress in almost any way you wish. Your interactions with the AIs can influence how this seemingly simple mission will end. The only problem I will ever have with this game is the rather large amount of questions left unanswered regarding what all happened on that ship, but I feel content with what I did learn. This is the kind of game I could play over and over again, despite how many times I end up doing what I've done before, and still enjoy every minute of it. There, that's the best I could do to show how much I love this game.No spoilers, but I offer this advice: you have 16 save slots. Use them."
,Recommended,209370,9147922,"Posted: 16 February, 2014",all,Zazea,"Developers y u do dis :''''(But in all seriousness Analogue: A hate story, Is a masterpeice of visual novels and shows how beautiful(and depressingly sad) a story can be.Depending on the ending you get, it could be different on how you feel about the title but with myself, I got the 3rd ending which after checking up on.. seems like the worst ending and guess what, I loved it. In-fact I'd play it again. If I didn't want to cry again.I can safely say after the sudden rush of events which happen during the story, and the sensation that you while having to respond under pressure meaning that you might do something wrong (Which I did) is amazing.A must buy title. Ill be playing this again tomorrow!"
,Recommended,209370,11045855,"Posted: 3 July, 2014",all,iUberGeek,"FYI--this is not really a game, more like an epistolary novella with some interactivity, art, and Steam achievements. Adjust expectations accordingly.Disclaimer aside, Analogue's ""hate story"" is compelling and thought-provoking, with the interactivity adding to the plot's richness. Don't be fooled by the art style; this isn't really a dating sim. Excellent original soundtrack as well--recommended."
76561198125906204,Recommended,209370,11010655,"Posted: 1 July, 2014",all,Lyria,"Has an interesting plot and gave me two new waifus. This game really is about a hate story and you have to find out both sides of this hate story. Music is alright and fits but after a while the music starts getting boring because that's all you hear as you read through all the logs. This is a visual novel so all you're gonna do it read, click and repeat. This would be a great visual novel to start with if you are new to this genre. 10/10 great novel. It made me look up the creator's other games."
76561198035740668,Recommended,209370,10837430,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,Espresso Dog,"Analogue: A Hate Story presents its immersive and compelling story of a lost spaceship colony through a series of logs written by the ship's various inhabitants that the player must unlock by interacting with the ship's AI. This game is quite short - I finished it in around 4 hours having read the majority of the entries, and I have a fairly average reading speed - but I can absolutely recommend it if you are the kind of person that plays games for the story (at least partially). I don't want to elude to any plot points for fear of hurting the experience, but if you're prepared to do some reading you will not regret playing this excellent game."
,Recommended,209370,446379,"Posted: 27 September, 2013",all,eltee,"Pseudo-Sequel to one of my fav little free indie games (Digital a love story here:http://scoutshonour.com/digital/)Sort of visual novelly type presentation.  You are out to solve an 'abandoned starship' type mystery, which you need to enlist the help of several remaining AI's.Its not particularly complex, gameplay wise, mostly you just pore through the logs of the ship with the help of those AI's, and try and figure out what led to the collapse of the ship's society.  The AI's interaction with you and seeing the story play out is the real hook, and I really do think that is well executed.Think of it as a break from blowing stuff up and shooting aliens and take a relaxing evening or two reading.(8.5/10)"
,Recommended,209370,8038613,"Posted: 14 December, 2013",all,Ðënsètsû Ⅵ Â ñ i k ï !,"Pretty straightforward choice. Do you like visual novels, darkness and nitty-gritty or futuristic settings? Then yes, this game is for you and you will almost certainly find enjoyment in it, I can say for a certainty that I did, and this isn't my first time around the visual novel block. It holds itself together well, has a fairly decent story pacing and the mood is quite pretty, in its somberness. Allow me to emphasize, it is a dark game, if you have trouble with the idea of exploring some rather dark elements and events, then this is not a game for you. If for some reason you have do not like visual novels, then I actually wonder why you’re even reading this review, this game is not for you, nor will you find it enjoyable. I won’t spoil anything, but the game has several endings and is worth at least three playthroughs to get all of the information and story, along with the separate endings.In short, if you like dark visual novels with some minor dating-sim elements, buy it, you will not regret it. If you don’t like visual novels, reading or dark events, then this is not a game for you. I recommend it glowingly, it is a fine game, especially for the price."
76561197972361602,Recommended,209370,575646,"Posted: 12 December, 2012",all,Harmless Mouse,"A good story, with a nod to old tech interfaces (DOS), along with a slight detective feel and anime-styled art. There are cute anime chicks involved, as well as the ability to choose chat options with them in between reading.In this story, you are a solo space traveler on an apparent contract job. (No you don't get to fly the ship.) Your job is to find out what happened to an old asian colony ship. With the help of the old ships AI(s), you have to dig up as much information on what happened to the crew through reading logs and eventually download the information for your client. While reading logs, the AI will ask you about what you read, or make a statement about the character(s) or problems involved with the entry, allowing you to get a bit more insight as to what happened. This gives a unique environment where you feel as if you are reading along side an AI, and can at times really get into the story.It does not take long to get through the game, but expect a ton of reading. Purely a virtual novel at heart, but with a 'choose your own story' ending, thus creating a much more interactive environment than other VNs like the Sakura Paradise game (Where you really have no control over the game besides watch and hit next).This story has a very large dose of maltreatment of the sexes... specificly the fairer sex, and points towards cultures that used to, and still do, treat them very poorly. The game is rather obvious fairly quickly in showing their agenda to create a sense of oppression which may be quite real in the world, may still be unwelcome to some players. So you have been warned if that is of little or no interest to you.After the game is done, there is little replay value besides getting the achievements, all the endings, and/or all the entries, yet the game does give you a feeling of completion and does not leave you 'in the dark' about anything, aside for what happens to your character and the AI after the game ends... but that is what the sequel is for.Hope this review helped some of you make a decision on this game~"
,Recommended,209370,1800447,"Posted: 27 July, 2013",all,johnxfire,"Analogue A Hate Story is a visual novel that puts the player, a space investigator lone wolf, to check a long lost ship that has recently resufraced - the Mugunghwa.The game has very limited gameplay, but that is to be expected from a visual novel - it is akin to having a story told to you with some binary choices in between. The game does, however, present itself in a different manner - the player must access archives that are slowly unlocked in order to learn more about the ship's sordid past, and what lead to its eventual dereliction. You do this with your sidekick AI partner *Hyun-ae.I cannot comment on the story for fear of spoilers, as this game is very story-centric indeed. However, I will say this - I found it to be a strong, solid tale of a retrogade society diving into its demise. It has a good couple of side stories as well, but the main arc is where all the meat is at. You also have a second AI partner who you encounter (or not) after a certain point.Overall, I feel that Analogue manages to vary the visual novel platform enough to attract people that would otherwise not liken the visual novel structure. It has a strong story, excellent art assets, and a solid, yet limited, soundtrack. Do check it out."
76561198043361018,Recommended,209370,4923279,"Posted: 19 July, 2013",all,Shady McCool Sauce,"A visual novel that transcends all of those that I have ever read. It's not a slice-of-life story of a horny high-schooler, but a dramatic mystery with unique mechanics and a story that requires you to think about what is happening and what your own standpoint is about the social structure abord the ship. It can be a short read if you don't savor it, but If you want a REAL visual novel and not just another erotica, this is definately for you."
76561198078968875,Recommended,209370,12989193,"Posted: 17 November, 2014",all,djdontspin,"Great story, good art, and fun gameplay (the console is so cool!)."
76561198032548939,Recommended,209370,9240405,"Posted: 23 February, 2014",all,ColaAddict,"There are so few worthy VN's on Steam, that I have to give this a mild recommendation if you're interested in the genre. It's short, but the story is interesting and there's some little flickers of creativity.Just don't buy it at full-price. It's way too short and simple to justify shelling out ten bucks. WAIT UNTIL A SALE!"
,Recommended,209370,10918359,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,Infinity Biscuit,"Analogue is an absolutely wonderful game. Very obviously made by a woman and intended to be enjoyed by other women, it manages to avoid a lot of the ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t found in the romantic visual novel genre. The exploration of different perspectives coming out through the gameplay in the ai-chosen dialogue trees is also a wonderful example of theme enriching every aspect of the game (as well as filling in nicely to VN gameplay restrictions).If you get this, definitely get Hate Plus as well to complete the story. I highly recommend."
,Recommended,209370,10612742,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,Guilt,"A visual novel like game, that has a very moving story to it. A game that will consume all the time necessary for you to complete it.Despite having never played any VN before, everything was easy to understand. The game was smooth, had a nice interface and really did a good job keeping me interested. The story was really nice and being given new chapters every time something is revealed also feels somewhat rewarding. The story does a good job at portraying just how sad the situation is. The names of all the achievements are pretty funny too.It didn't take me all too long to complete the game once. I, however, only did one ending while there are multiple available.The game worked well and the story was amazing. Is there anything else a VN requires? 5/5 would buy again."
,Recommended,209370,27060202,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Alex™,"Cons:I feel so sad playing this game, and I wish I could actually talk personally to the AI units.Pros:Brilliant story and well developed characters.Bonuses:- Sexy dress-up options for the protag.- Tsundere girls.- Great fap material until things go sour."
76561197990635634,Recommended,209370,9224602,"Posted: 22 February, 2014",all,Hopeapullaaaa,gud
76561197970334749,Recommended,209370,9556844,"Posted: 18 March, 2014",all,Scutellaris,"You should probably play this guys,"
,Recommended,209370,2643509,"Posted: 28 June, 2013",all,q3.railgun,A visual novel game which is supposed to have a fairly dark theme to it. A ship which vanished thousands of years ago reappears and you are sent to investigate what happened on the ship. You come across the AI of the ship and go through logs to understand what happened.Play this game as though you have no knowledge of unix commands otherwise you'll just hit an ending in less than 10 minutes like how I did (after some guessing). The terminal is fun to use with it's limited available commands but you should definitely find out the use of the commands as you unfold the game.
76561197983672075,Recommended,209370,25965771,"Posted: 10 October, 2016",all,DaetherX,I couldn't stop reading.
,Recommended,209370,11668678,"Posted: 11 August, 2014",all,Aku himself,"Awesome game! YES, it has a lot of stuff to read, YES, there's a lot of names/family names, BUT, the way you get to know the history of the characters it's one of the best I've ever seen. Also, *Hyun-ae = best girl."
,Recommended,209370,16348076,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,SuperSojin,T_T T_T_T_T_T__T_T_T_T__T_T_T_TMy first visual novel besides long live the queen and man i do love my waifu
,Recommended,209370,8805324,"Posted: 22 January, 2014",all,Neptuna,"When I first looked at Analogue, I wasn't expecting much. Maybe some hours of flat- Visual Novel reading. But this is't like that. It's a totally immersive story. The story is deep and also disturbing. The story has many twists and turns, and each moment you spend reading, more and more of the story unfolds. I would definitely recommend the game to anyone looking for a great story."
,Recommended,209370,9199478,"Posted: 20 February, 2014",all,Oh my gosh,"This is hands down one of my top 10 games ever. It's a game that does require a large amount of reading and there aren't many ""gamplay"" parts but I would highly recommend this game to anyone who is looking for a good story.A game with personality 9/10"
,Recommended,209370,1274046,"Posted: 21 July, 2012",all,Amt,"A really touching visual novel. It's kinda different from regular visual novels, but still good and the achievements makes it more fun to complete. Though I'm not sure if it's worth the money when it's at normal price, but when on a -% I would definitely recommend it."
,Recommended,209370,10363602,"Posted: 5 June, 2014",all,Wolflordy,"Very interesting storyFew endings and awards (so don't have to play around thousands of times to complete)Very interesting storyThe soundtrack isn't bad (not the best, but not bad at all, not bad)Very interesting storyLoveable charactersVery interesting storySome very amusing linesVery interesting storyno seriously, it's a good story"
,Recommended,209370,10766556,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,Solovanov,"While entering in command lines into the control console is a bit annoying at times (Especially if you've never touched any sort of code in your life ) once you get used to it it's easy to ignore.For those who may have issues when entering the game type ""enable_ai *Hyun-ae"" in to the console.Anyhow.(Minor Spoilers are possible)Welcome to space Ai waifu simulator 4k something or other.Not really.I went into this not expecting any sort of love confessions or girly emotions from the Ai but alas, Document Reading Simulator still hasn't been created. Although this is pretty close.in this VN/Game/Document Reading Simulator you will be playing the role of a Space Investigator sent to take 97 documents from the clutches of cute AI girls by any means necessary.The story that unfolds while you read the documents is solid. I can't really mention anything about it without spoiling things though. Plenty of other reviews probably do though so go read those.Overall it's a good story and VN/Game worth the money if you enjoy VNs I personally got it majorly discounted during steam sales bundles with Hate Plus. 10 dollars may or may not be worth it I got 8 hours out of it which includes the time it took to figure out the harem ending and how to unlock block 1.I can't really say if you should wait for a sale or not since I didn't get the chance to test for the regretful feeling you get when you buy something and then it wasn't worth the money.But yeah I'd recommend it. And it's sequel Hate Plus.Although only Hate Plus if you enjoyed this one or want more AI waifu action.As a closing statement *Mute best AI. And not because she's a tsundere."
,Recommended,209370,2441956,"Posted: 30 June, 2012",all,Yukipyon,"Not your average visual novel, but it's alright considering it's made by a well-known English visual novel author. The story is alright; a bit confusing, but still pretty well done. Hyun-ae*'s ending was the best one I thought. Just read carefully, choose wisely, and you'll recieve the ending you really want. Hyun-ae*'s ending was the best one I thought.If not, well then you suck at visual novels, not much more to say."
,Recommended,209370,5461935,"Posted: 16 July, 2012",all,MilkAndLettuce,"If you're into feudal Korean gender politics and AI waifus, this is the game for you."
,Recommended,209370,10040972,"Posted: 6 May, 2014",all,"Mogswell Smart, Khajit Agent 86",It's heartwrenching and bittersweet and also you have to shut down a nuclear reactor before it explodes. What's not to like?
76561198011244006,Recommended,209370,8286009,"Posted: 25 December, 2013",all,Lilbro249,"Meh, not as depressing as people made it sound."
,Recommended,209370,16591451,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,Hal,"Well - to make it short: This Game is (beside a couple of other examples, like Planetarian for example) one of the prime reasons I like Visual Novels so much. The sortyline is interesting, well written and absolutely intoxicating. The developer always manages it to make you wonder  ""How will it go on ? What the heck happened here ?"" And - at least in my case - the ending, or the solution to what happened aboard managed it to trigger something like a slight feeling of dismay.Okay, but what is this game acutally about ? You´re playing as some sort of investigator, checking on a derelict space craft. Or to be specific a generation ship. You´ll manage to get in touch with the ships AI system and start exposing the dark secrets which finally led to the crews downfall.If you´ve never played a visual novel before - what exactly are those  ? Aren´t they these strange japanese porn games ?Nope. You can imagine it like one of the old choose your own adventure books. Depending on the choices you make during the game, you´ll see one of several endings. Hm ... where have I seen that before ?Right ! Take one of the Telltale Games, substract most of the animation and replace it with some anime-styled pictures, add the point that most your choices will have an actual impact on the ending et voila - you´ve got a VN.So, would I reccomend this game ? Hell, yes - i´d even go further: go and buy the sequel ""Hate Plus"" as well ... it gives some nice information, what happened before the story you´ll unfold and the story is as good as in the first game."
,Recommended,209370,16685335,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,707ᴿᶟᵏᵗ,9.5/10Great story line one of the bette graphic novels I'e  gone through.Only thing I didnt like was the terminal. That thing cause me so many problems haha. But I did enjoy figuring it out.
,Recommended,209370,16708529,"Posted: 25 June, 2015",all,SabreCat,"This is a game where you read things! Like in its free predecessor Digital: A Love Story, Analogue's interface is immersive despite its abstraction. What you see before you is the same UI that we can suppose your character, a sort of detective-historian, is engaged with. Piece by piece, you uncover and read pieces of a chilling story, a tale of over-the-top (yet disturbingly believable) patriarchy, of dashed hopes, of bitterness and revenge. There are a handful of puzzles to contend with, some roleplay decisions to make, and different endings to seek out, but mostly, you read. Thus visual *novel*, natch.I had a few odd quibbles with the game; there's one highly important decision to make for determining which ending you get, but it's not apparent until after the fact that you've made that decision. Thankfully, playthroughs aren't terribly long, especially if you're a quick reader, so it's easy to flip back through and try again.Highly recommended for anyone who likes to consume their reading with some interactivity alongside!"
76561197986137464,Recommended,209370,17579241,"Posted: 17 August, 2015",all,Sylvana Sek Nadin,"This game is one of the most unique visual novel experiences you will ever encounter. The interface is briliantly worked out giving a different feeling or immersion and personal interaction. The story itself is dark look at Korean history, the setting is a little contrived, but the story manages to draw you in as each peice of the puzzle slowly falls into place.The story is detailed in a bunch of personal logs and corrispondance making the player feel like a bit of an archeologist uncovering the truth behind a number of tragedies, small, personal and large.The romance aspect felt a little tacked on and cheap to a degree, but was nice enough in its own way.The story really comes into itself when you manage all 3 endings adn then import those endings into the sequel hate plus."
,Recommended,209370,16480518,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,muffinheart,"Analogue: A Hate Story stayed in my backlog of games for a long time but when I finally got around to installing it I was hooked from the get-go.There are two main characters who are complete opposites in terms of personality and charming in their own ways.The way the story is unfolded is genius. When you first start reading through the logs, things make very little sense but as you gain more logs and context everything starts falling into place. Playing both routes in the game reveals the content in a slightly different order yet the picture it paints is quite different.The soundtrack is simply fantastic. I listen to it quite regularly.Once you finish this game definitely jump into its direct sequel Hate Plus."
76561198300297476,Recommended,209370,23677411,"Posted: 20 June, 2016",all,ThreeLeggedFeline,"Interesting non-linear format, great writing and interesting and nuanced ideas about society and gender politics. It's really cool to see a regressive, pessimistic view of the future for once (reminds me a bit of Non-Stop by Brian Aldiss).It's a bit tough keeping track of all the characters but the complex and intertwining story is well worth the confusion. The characters have depth and the story-telling is smoothly done, although the game feels a bit short. There is replay value, however. I wasn't overly keen on the AI art style, but that's just me.Overall an inventive little game about AI's, the future andmass murder."
76561198118531941,Not Recommended,209370,16664415,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,boogiebass22,"This wasn't a great game... If I could give a neutral rating I would, but I'm actually leaning slightly more on the negative side.Pros:I guess the story is somewhat engagingSort of good soundtrackCons:You have to do a lot of reading, and I was expecting this Visual Novel to be a bit more interactive.When you rarely do get to make interactions, you only get two choices (usually a yes or no answer.)The two major AI characters are very predictable and don't have a lot of depth to them at first glance.TL;DR: This game isn't worth full price. Wait for a sale. Maybe Hate Plus (sequel) is better?I bought the bundle on a steam sale, but I don't plan on playing Hate Plus."
,Recommended,209370,13952196,"Posted: 11 January, 2015",all,SneakyFoxes,"Analogue: A Hate Story is a fairly short visual novel that involves reading the logs of a dead ship to figure out what happened to it. People will say this game is emotional, and they are right. If you read all the logs there are, that is. If you only read what's requird to get the ending this game will be boring yes. I thought most of the endings were a bit abrupt too. However, I enjoyed every second of this game. Would reccomend to people who are looking for something different from the VN genre.BTW, hands off *Hyun-ae, shes mine!"
76561198016323174,Recommended,209370,8981156,"Posted: 4 February, 2014",all,Meowwolf,"Put your prejudice away. This game is NOT a love comedy, nor a cutie hunting simulation. It's more like SF-based mystery.yeah, there is romance, but romance is just side dish for main story - mysteric, little bit gruesome story.oh, and don't worry about AI in this game. they are not like Glados or HAL9000, so you don't need to search for shutdown code :)"
76561198002228567,Recommended,209370,12268822,"Posted: 27 September, 2014",all,Morgana,"As a fan of Christine Love's work, I was surprised that I hadn't bought this game sooner. I do not regret my decision though, as I quite enjoyed this Visual Novel. The interface and interactions are unique in a way that makes the game very enjoyable. I can't wait to play the next one."
,Recommended,209370,8556684,"Posted: 4 January, 2014",all,Deathdanish,The best and only visual novel I've ever played.
,Recommended,209370,16820423,"Posted: 30 June, 2015",all,RepoGirl2039,"A cute and fun visual novel about two AIs (Artificial Inteligence) that hate each other due to events in the past. It has a good story, that is unique and draws you in. It is a little repetitive if you want all the endings/achevments, but once all the inital file-clicking is finished, it picks right back up. 9/10 would reccomend for any visual novel and/or anime and wafiu lovers (P.S., you can have a harem ;3}"
,Recommended,209370,811515,"Posted: 11 August, 2012",all,mark | dj.,"Analogue is like a digital book. There are a few images here and there (the images consist of two different AI characters, both show different emotions during the story), but other than that it's all text. And at times the player is asked to use some sort of command prompt. It's all fairly basic, but if you've never worked with command prompts it can be a bit tricky I guess, especially since there's a time based event later on in the 'game'.Like I said, there's a whole lot of reading. In daily life I rarely read so it took a bit of adjusting for me. It can be boring at times, even though the story is solid. Just don't go and expect a proper 'game' here. It isn't anything like that. But if you like a good read I suggest you give this a try. You might just be surprised. I wouldn't really recommend it to anyone else though.[Rating: 70/100]"
,Recommended,209370,545625,"Posted: 12 July, 2012",all,ManlyBadassHero,"In Analogue A Hate Story you play rough tough hollywood detective expert hacker Rick Strong who is brought back into the system to hack the North Koreans pokemon before WW2 starts. Along the way you'll accesss the mainframe, flip to the virtual server, magnify then enhance then magnify again, reroute shadow memory to the secondary drive core and tighten up the graphics on level 2.You'll also meet a couple of girl gamers from North Korea that you can convince to abandon their ♥♥♥♥♥♥ country to rock out in America home of the free. I'd only recommend this game if you're man enough to get the harem route. If you can't do that then you're not man enough for it and might as well move to North Korea with them."
,Recommended,209370,11528706,"Posted: 2 August, 2014",all,NickPenrhyn,"Evocative and poignant, a really great game! Recommended to anyone looking for one of the most worthwhile EVNs out there."
76561197993268038,Recommended,209370,11607309,"Posted: 8 August, 2014",all,Thanatos,It's a visual novel that is worth playing.
76561198077720490,Recommended,209370,11432654,"Posted: 27 July, 2014",all,Inazuma,"I accidently disabled the Comms when stopping the nuclear meltdown. It eventually made me ""fail"" the visual novel.Plus side is, I sorta had a relationship going with a mass-murdering AI, and she wasn't from even from Aperture!10/10 Great game, amazing plot {twists included}, and nice soundtrack."
,Recommended,209370,11788790,"Posted: 19 August, 2014",all,[OCN] dranas,"Outstanding story. It draws you in and forms a connection with you. Many games these days fall short on the story telling aspect. If you enjoy reading and you like anime, you will love this game."
,Recommended,209370,10800142,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,Zeldafan2000,"Great game, hope you like coding."
,Recommended,209370,10813639,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,Wakkachikka,"Although i had pretty hard time on catching up with the story and characters relations, i enjoyed it. Structure of this game is amazing, it goes with some clever writing and freedom of how you play the game.So it's basically a must play for visual novel fans, and worth a try for those who never read one. It just needs big time patience because you can easily get lost in understanding characters motives and it will be hard to feel involved with the story."
,Recommended,209370,11811090,"Posted: 21 August, 2014",all,[HTT✰] Sumire Saitou る,Harem ending was so worth it.
76561198071548134,Recommended,209370,11800277,"Posted: 20 August, 2014",all,The True Correct Guy,It's about that time when you got really mad trying to set your analogue clock.
76561197971948490,Recommended,209370,17393622,"Posted: 4 August, 2015",all,Wraith_Magus,"This is one of those games where it's more about the atmosphere it creates and the emotions it inspires than the actual content.  It's definitely gameplay-light, almost at a text adventure level, so it's definiltely not for people who can't play a game without shooting things.As it's largely about reading through the logs of a Korean starship, it's initially extremely confusing to Western eyes, as it's very hard to keep straight who all the characters are.  The logs are written like you're just overhearing a few other people's conversations, and so it's often filled with references to people who never appear in the logs again, or are important, but at the start, it's hard to tell what is or isn't important.If you bear through it for a few hours, however, you find it's largely focused upon a tiny handful of individuals, and is an extremely personal story.The funny name of this game is an inversion of Christine Love's first (and available for free) game, Digital: A Love Story. (Get it? It's a love story, but it's written by someonenamedLove, so it's also a Love story! Ha... ha... Anyway...) While Digital was set in the past, and its themes were about how people looked to the future, Analogue is set in the future, and about a society that wants to send itself back to its past.The author, Christine Love, has, and puts in everything she makes, strongly-held and strongly-expressed ideas about women and lesbians in particular.  Korean (and by extension, Chinese,) traditional patriarchy clashes brutally with these themes.Inversely, the AIs the player deals with are almost too colorful and anime-esque for the drama in front of which they are standing.  The 'real' action is long since passed, and the player really only has a choice of taking one or the other (or why not, take both!) along with him or her.  It's a minor issue here, and a much worse one in Hate Plus, but the story in the logs has an entirely different mood and themes than the one the player actually participates in with the AIs, which is far more about describing yourself and your point of view to the AIs.  In essence, if you took out the log reading, it's just the player flirting with girls in a standard Visual Novel with an unusually large number of choices."
76561198070324621,Recommended,209370,25910660,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,Komrade,"*Hyun-ae, you didn't do anything wrong."
76561198031224968,Recommended,209370,4043827,"Posted: 6 September, 2012",all,Major Sunshine,"The first VN on Steam, and boy is it a good one.You play as a Freelanser of sorts and get contracted to investigate what happened in Mugunghwa a Colonial Spaceship which suddenly dissapared 400 years ago, and has drifted in a rarely visited place in space ever since.When you hack into the ship, you encounter *Hyun-ae, a AI which will help you by providing logs and other relevant info in your quest to find out what REALLY happened.Good writing, likable characters, great art and music is all ingredienses in this marvelous game/novel/experience.So grab your largest glass of your perfered beverage, sit down and enjoy this enticing tale. You will not regret it"
,Recommended,209370,1626073,"Posted: 20 December, 2012",all,Garcin,"In many ways it's opposed to what I valued in games as a visual novel, but, among many other things, it has me reconsider those values. The writing, as it must be, is great and the storytelling equally so. The interface is, of course, limited but never feels restrictive.Its a wonderful game that involved me more emotionally than most other games I've played, which spend hours on getting you to be invested in your character and building an involving plot. Perhaps the strongest indication of the quality of its narrative is that your only declared goal is to get in, download, and get out, but within minutes I had ceased to care about that entirely and spent hours past what I needed to accomplish that. While many game spend their entire time trying to hook you into their central plots, Analogue effortlessly drew me into its narrative and I was not content to leave until I had thoroughly probed the depths of the Mugunghwa uncovered her story. Only then did I, could I choose to leave and I did so completely satisfied."
,Recommended,209370,7862804,"Posted: 1 December, 2013",all,horrorxpunk,"I love this game, but prepare to do a lot of reading. The story is quite deep and involving and of course this game has the potential for a romantic relationship with a computer AI; I mean that's great isn't it? There is depth in the characters background and there is more overall game time than most modern action games. It plays well on any computer and it has a sequel too! A game doesn't need fancy 3D graphics and full motion video sequences to be fun."
76561198009350401,Recommended,209370,2564073,"Posted: 27 August, 2013",all,fuller556,"If you want to try a different kind of game, give this one a try.  It's effectively an interactive novel, almost of the ""choose your own adventure"" style.  Your goal is to uncover the fate of the last crew and civilization of a space ship.  It's mostly reading hidden behind a cool and clear interface, with two AI girls helping you to unlock the mystery.  It's hard to say much more without MAJOR spoilers, but be prepared for some shocking revelations.  Multiple endings and unlockables add some replay value.  It's a short game--I've unlocked two endings in less than six hours--but it's a great journey.  Very highly recommended."
,Recommended,209370,7776094,"Posted: 26 November, 2013",all,ThorShaker,"This game is set in the far future, where humanity has spread across several star systems. The main task of the player is to find out what happened with a derelict spaceship and its passengers. This job has been given to you by an organization that archives space colonization history. The ship was one of the first to leave Earth seeking other habitable worlds. Ships like these were meant for travels spanning generations, and when you arrive you soon find out that it has already been on a journey for several man ages. Fleeting in space for thousands of years, it shows no sign of life. You find out what took place by reading log entries stored in the ship's computer systems and by talking to the ships artificial intelligences. The visual style is manga inspired and there is very little animation – the mimicry of the characters is instead shown through still drawings. The drawings are nonetheless great.The themes of the game are sexism and the relationship between humans and technology. The society that is described is extremely twofold. Through the ship logs you get an insight into three high ranking families' game of power. The men hold all political power, the women are instruments for giving birth and bringing up heirs and their coming courtesans and wives. Many of the logs are written by characters who have been raised under this social system, so they don't question morale or ethics, as otherwise would have been appropriate. But in between these entries you find some people questioning such a divide and react by trying to escape the required norm. One of these characters is called the Pale Bride. This is the person whom I related the most to. Her background is different from anyone else on the ship. This difference in background leads to some interesting confrontations with the rest of the passengers. I won't say much more about it, because that will ruin some of the story, but there is gripping and intricate character development at work here. My hat is off to Christine Love for fantastic writing. The Pale Bride story made me feel deep sympathy. Love raises questions about sex discrimination and freedom of speech, and gives the player opportunity to express their opinion.The game stars two artificial intelligences (AI) that you can interact with. You interact by showing them the logs and by answering if they indicate they have something to say. The AIs are the only characters that are visually represented in the game. They often share their views on the people whom have written the logs, and I found their views affecting my own understanding and opinion about what took place. If they ask you a question, you will be given two choices. They will respond differently depending on what you answer. You can also influence the opinions of the AIs when your answer is given. All the log entries are not available from the start (you actually have to power on the ships batteries to get access to anything), and those you have access to are randomly spread across the history of the ship. By showing an AI an entry you may get access to more entries. This way you slowly start putting the pieces together. The jumps in time give the storytelling a distinctive touch. The names of the inhabitants is in Korean, and you are early on given access to a family tree that helps you sort out the names. That being said, the names of all the women are mostly incomplete, since the family name of a wife where the only name that were noted. Daughters were not included.About halfway into the game an incident occurs which sees the game deviate from its ordinary game mechanics. This brings a different kind of tension to the game, in the sense that time becomes a factor you have to take into account. The way you play through this short sequence is by typing commands into an old school 80's style monitor. That's all fine, but then there's the problem that this monitor doesn't display that many lines of text. And when you type a command to display all the commands at your disposal, that alone takes up half the screen. Next, you try some commands to find out what they do, and you find out that they are not relevant to what you're trying to accomplish. Now, the command index might have scrolled out of view, so then you need to type in the command to display the list again. This could have been avoided with the use of a simple list displayed separately from the monitor. As mentioned earlier, this is a brief part of the game. One that doesn't keep it from becoming a great one. The sequence has its pluses, the factor of time keeping you on your toes and the sudden realization that you are indeed on board a dying starship. Oh, and the last part of the sequence is a fantastic twist that I didn't see coming at all.After you have been introduced to the two AIs, you find out that they also have an opinion of each other, and they offer different views on the inhabitants of the ship. This is where the good stuff starts. With two AIs saying different things and asking for your trust, you have to make up your own mind based on the happenings described in the log entries and each of the AIs comments to them. The game boasts multiple endings, but personally I've only seen one. On a second playthrough, if taking other choices throughout the game, I might have been told a different version of what happened. But this is only guesses. It still adds to the replay value.Even though your original goal is to figure out the fate the ship and its inhabitants only to file a report to your employer, the player focus is shifted to the victims of this oppressing regime. Through brilliant writing and surprisingly human AIs reactions to what you read, this tragedy feels more and more personal. After a while is doesn't feel like a mission (as described in the company paper), instead you feel a need to have a final say in the events.The portrayal of AI in this game is thought provoking and flirts with the roles and positions that AIs may inhabit or even fill in the future. It poses a question as to how we see artificial intelligence and what separates this form and the organic form. I found myself from the start naturally skeptical as to why the AIs wanted my trust. What value does it have for them? They are merely an extension of the ships machines – are they not? What value can be found in a button press?9/10"
,Recommended,209370,3708733,"Posted: 28 November, 2012",all,Comrade St. Nikolai,"For those of you who have played Digital, you already have some idea of what you're getting yourself into. For those who haven't, be prepared for a beautifully-written, heart-wrenching tale that subtly draws you in via its interface, pacing, and characters. Also, go play Digital. Analogue is, on the surface, a story of a person sent to investigate a derelict spaceship. But that's not right. It's a story of two AIs, the only remaining residents of the ship. But that's not right, either. It's a story of history, of cultural differences, of secrets and questions and unexpected answers. Most of the game is reading, and it can be daunting at first. The initial selection of documents you're given are, admittedly, the least interesting. But stick with it, and you shall be rewarded for your perseverance. Although there are five endings, the nature of the game makes replayability rather low - but it might be worth skimming past the early parts again in order to unlock different documents later on and get a different angle on the story. There are only two real puzzles in the game, and both involve a command prompt interface which I found to be quite fun to use - especially in the delicious second puzzle, much later in the game. If you're not good with computers and reasoning, you might not do so well with that one, but give it a shot anyways. One speed bump is a small price to pay for an overall enriching experience."
,Recommended,209370,7819178,"Posted: 28 November, 2013",all,Lynk,"It's a decent indie visual novel (on steam, yay), which means that it isn't really a game, more like an interactive story with 2 girls being the main focus of the dialogue and progression.You will get to play a ""detective"" role to find out what happened to a crashed colony ship that departed Earth years ago, this ship was maintained by 2 female A.I. entities that survived the crash and will tell you about it.As common with a VN you can unlock several endings and dialogues with the girls, some of which are interesting to read that touch themes such as feminism, solitude and broken family ties.My main gripe with the story progression is that it's not all well explained, the only way to know about certain events is by reading log files and you need to pay attention to family trees and relations between characters.I recommend it whether you like visual novels or not, the story shouldn't be boring and it's a short and simple different experience"
76561198014493888,Recommended,209370,11673585,"Posted: 12 August, 2014",all,Ahadihunter1,"I'm usually the man for FPS and TPS but this game - even though it's a visual novel, It has more suspense in text as it is amazingly structured in a piece of literature then some stupid over the top scenes that are ""obviously going to happen"".Also, modern day games are really starting to get over the top with cheesy loopholes and stupidness-of-a-storyline.But this game, wow. Blew me right off my shoes with the intellectual processing of a writer that actually knows how to write.This game should be more well known. Unfortunately Christine Love isn't the owner or partner of the crazy-stupid propangnda publisher forces known as Activision or EA. Tops my list as the best ""Game"" that never had a fighting scene :) Yet more tragic as you go along with the story then anything out their...."
,Not Recommended,209370,16259293,"Posted: 8 June, 2015",all,ProfNyan/Kat,"Upon looking at other reviews I feel the need to immediately address the elephant in the room. Please be aware when you buy and start up this game that it's extremely feminist and pushes one person's ideals. While I am nearly always in favor of civil rights, this game is one person's opinion and disregards differences in culture and types of civilization. Just remember that just over a hundred years ago people started rapidly having babies in their teens because the mortality rate was high; people have not *always* lived in today's first-world and had access to moden medicine or known about sanitation."
,Not Recommended,209370,13986121,"Posted: 14 January, 2015",all,Crystal 🌸,Not much explaination to how to play the game or what to do - huge walls of texts to read as well. There is little to no sound track.
,Recommended,209370,12701407,"Posted: 30 October, 2014",all,andyzweb,good visual novel. nice endings. space korea.
,Recommended,209370,8510451,"Posted: 2 January, 2014",all,LOOK WHAT YOU MADE ME DOOOOO,"One of the most touching, meaningful visual novels I've ever played and an interactive reminder on the importance of gender equality. Required playing/reading for all."
,Recommended,209370,13920149,"Posted: 9 January, 2015",all,Sir. Death,Step 1: Google Christine LoveStep 2: Insert credit cardStep 3: CryChristine Love/10
,Recommended,209370,30857380,Posted: 31 March,all,Hayley,Smart and well-written; score is phenomenal; *Mute is best girl.
76561198041552633,Recommended,209370,10537204,"Posted: 19 June, 2014",all,Pwnage Pineapples,"Analogue: A Hate Story is a game that mostly will involve a lot of reading and personally connecting with the reading. Analogue will not give an adrenaline-rush game with action and things constantly happening. What Analogue does provide is a remarkable story far above what most any other game provides, an experience that is not easily brushed off, and in my opinion is one of the best games out there on steam.The gameplay of Analogue isn't even what everybody would consider ""gameplay."" You read through the journal logs of people you don't know, skipping around between people. Between some of the reading, you converse with one of the two AI, mostly about them, yourself, or what you just read. Just about the entire gameplay experience is reading, and while this may seem boring Analogue is a game that shines when you really stick with it. At first, it does feel rather boring, and you find yourself not caring about what you are reading. But as time goes on, you really start to get deep into it and it becomes a remarkable story that you really feel invested in. The story itself is very dark, and at times gruesome, but never feels ridiculously so. The anime art style gives a major contrast to the dark themes in the story.The game itself isn’t without its flaws. It really does take time to start to care about the logs, and there really isn’t anything to switch up the reading, save for answering some questions and a short and extremely easy cmd segment. Furthermore, one of the endings gives you a major moral choice, posing an extremely difficult question that is very hard to choose. However, if you choose one of them, it gives you essentially the same ending as a ""game over."" Technically you have completed the game, but it gives a sense that your moral position was ""wrong"" which is not appropriate to make a player feel like when you give them such a hard moral question and they respond with a perfectly valid and understandable answer. Some of the ""dialogue"" with the AIs can also feel unimportant and pointless at times.While the game isn’t perfect, Analogue: A Hate Story is still clearly a phenomenal game. It goes beyond what most games do, and delivers not only a great, deep story, but also one that has more impact than most any other video game story out there. It leaves you really thinking about morals, but more than ""right-verses-wrong. Rather, it covers hard topics, such as self-preservation, revenge, guilt, manipulation, betrayal, politics, murder, oppression, women's rights, and domestic abuse. Some may compare it to a book because of the lack of control you have over what happens and the sheer amount of reading, but I disagree, as I feel no book could quite deliver the same impact as this game does. Overall, Analogue is a game that I highly recommend, and one that is worth the time to get invested in. It is a dark game with massive impact you will not soon forget, and I doubt you will regret purchasing if you really take the time to care about the brilliant story."
,Recommended,209370,16420352,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,AppliedPsionics,Please let us configure the Z shell!
,Recommended,209370,7838546,"Posted: 29 November, 2013",all,Steakswirl,"This product  took me be surprise, so I just had to review it. And I say product because this doesn't necessarily qualify as a game. I was on the fence with this for a while because I wanted to expand my gaming genre horizons a little bit and decided that a visual novel would be a pretty big expansion. I downloaded the demo, tried to rush a little gameplay in before bed, and was surprised at the fact that there was none. I finally picked it back up on another day, when I could actually read without worrying about the time and actually got into the text. I was hooked instantly.I want to use the new Steam Review Feature, so I'll make a quick overview of the visual novel here.----------PROSNice Sy-fy settingUnique form of storytelling (I haven't seen it presented this way very much)Pleasant art-styleDeep subjectsInteractivityMultiple endingsKorean culture----------CONSLots of readingMinimalistic artworkShort StorylinesKorean CultureI can't think of anything really bad about Analogue: A Hate Story, just know that it isn't a game. It's called a visual novel because there is a lot of reading. If you do not enjoy reading you probably would not enjoy A Hate Story. Another potential problem is that it has more ""mature"" topic matter. Nothing EXTREME, but it would most likely bore children since it has deeper subjects like ethnicity and sexuality. I haven't finished all the endings or found all the files yet, but so far I've only found 3 pages that might cause a problem. The worst in here is the word breast so far, and I don't think anything is going to get any worse.I don't like how each ending can be played in one sitting, but there are multiple endings so you could at least squeeze a few more playthroughs out of it.The product features Korean, mostly only in the names. It won't be a problem though, because Analogue: A Hate Story goes as far as to give you a little cheat sheet so you know how to pronounce all those names. The downside is, the names are really confusing at first but that only helps make the story more submersive later on. If I remeber correctly, it's got full Korean support, so that's a plus too. If anyone is trying to learn Korean this is definitely something they should look into.The interactivity is hard to explain. One thing over people seem to have problems with is visual novels with only the words and pictures and scenes. This isn't the case, and you'll need to do a lot of clicking and typing to complete stuff. (Keep in mind that that's all you do gameplay wise.)It's got an anime/manga artstyle, but it's not intrusive and it shouldn't scare you away if that kind of stuff isn't your thing. There could have been better artstyles, but the manga one conveys the message well. It conveys the story better than a more realistic approach would for me, and it keeps in line with most visual novel styles that I know about.When I started it up and actually read everything, I wasn't expecting anything too good, but I kept reading and got interested in the plot. When the demo ended I bought the game instantly and kept playing. If you aren't sure about this product and haven't tried the demo, I highly recommend it.It just blew me away personally, and it made me want more. I'm definitely going to try to read everything in this and the sequel. The best part is, it sparked my interest in the Koreas and Korean, and I'm wanting to try to learn more about it.Well, I'm tired and should be in bed as of the time of this review being written. I hope I could at least help someone.RECAPThis will be good for people who are new to the visual novel genre or want to try to get into it.This is good for people who enjoy reading.This will be good for someone who wants to think about the deeper meanings of things like politics or ethics.This will be good for people who want to get into Korean and Korean culture.This will be good for people who enjoy space-agey novels and such."
,Not Recommended,209370,14240078,"Posted: 30 January, 2015",all,Manichi,"This text novel has a decent, dramatic story, and, if you are ready to dive into little ocean full of korean names, you may also find some political plot.Gameplay consists of interaction with a pair of AI (who, (of course) has""cute girl""oblique), whith quite different personalities, to uncover the story of a lifeless spaceship.Interaction with ai is quite limited - binary ""1 or 2"". You have to cope with that to open up and read all logs in the ship's computer and download them. Since you are using a remote connection, there is also a terminal with command-line interface (which isn't really useful, comfortable or important).The main things you need to know:There areonly twodifferent AI, and, to be honest, you can count them as 1.3, since second is nearly broken and hard to interact withMain story is about gender unequality, and there isn't much else thereInteraction with AI is done in a really special way, by asking their opinion about every page you read (that isn't really quick) and responding to their questions to push forward the storyWith above said, it has nothing at all to do with dating simsMusic is decent, but there is a little of itLimitation of CLI may surprise you and question if it is really necessaryThere is NO BACKLOG for interaction with AI, and that can be a big problem to progress further in the gameThis is a text novel, not a visual one. Text is main vehicle of a narration. Only a couple of sprites are involved in emotional side of a story.I completed it in 2 hours (lenght depends on your reading speed and ability to miss important phrases no one is going to repeat twice), and while i am satisfied with storyline i got, i think it could have really been much better. In my experience, characters are unequal and absolutely not comparable - to the point of losing interest in second storyline, just because it required re-reading nearly all previous logs (that isn't fast at all with ""blocks"" of log interaction UI).Now, about ""Visual Novel"" thing.As i tried to point out, this is a text game with some visual elements (i would like to compare it to a well-featured OS with a very bad GUI). But sadly, there isn't really a genre for that, and it somehow fits into VN category (at the time of its release, steam still hadn't become a westernized dlsite and didn't offer much to VN/anime fans).And there is a reason for that - this game is about interacting with girls. More than that, it also borrows some traditional elements of a VN - such as defined endings and preferred choice (ihykwim).And this is a feminist game - inside of the enemy territory - sexualising and objectifying genre! That is what makes this game cool.Still, it comes in a different, not well-refined format. That is what probably left me a bad impression and broke enjoyment from the gameplay at some point.I had a bad experience playing it, while i am not frustrated or disappointed.Overall, this is a good game. I believe many would expect more from game with""Overwhelmingly positive""rating, metascore says it. If you want to spend a pair of hours reading sad story - go for it, it has good replay value;If you expect to spend many days and nights with your ""waifu"" or leisurely dive into long dialogs and rich, self-consciousness monologue - you'd better not."
76561198333392498,Recommended,209370,26134675,"Posted: 20 October, 2016",all,vaylard,"Very interesting story. At first I was like ""What? Only two characters? What kind of a VN is this?"", but then it turned out two AI's were more than enough.Just one thing.SPOILER ALERTFuture. Three hundreds of years have passed since people (even those of a particular country) managed to send a fully equipped ship with apparently thousands of people into space.And when the emperor (wtf, emperor?) decides to remove Hyun-ae's tongue (I emphasize, it was planned, not just done out of wrath), her father-in-law just crudely cuts it out with a f*cking chef knife. No surgical table, no doctors, no sterility, no anaethetics, probably no suturing either, welcome to the 12th century. Do you seriously expect me to believe that?"
,Recommended,209370,7881362,"Posted: 2 December, 2013",all,venom pururut,"Dressing up Hyun-ae, do you even need to ask for more ?"
,Recommended,209370,831717,"Posted: 25 August, 2013",all,Techbane,"If you're capable of approaching it without the preconception of it being a ♥♥♥♥♥♥ anime novel, it's a pretty legitimate story with a few hamfisted anime trappings. Though to be fair you can forego the cosplay entirely and be an♥♥♥♥♥to both AIs if you want.Basically it's about gender politics and general human conduct in a self-enclosed feudal era society, put in a modern light. You take in the story by perusing the scattered remaining personal logs of the people central to the story. That's not as bad as it sounds, honestly, but it IS just a novel, presented out of order and almost entirely through emails."
,Recommended,209370,13095126,"Posted: 26 November, 2014",all,黒猫,"one of the better VNs i played recentlyStory wise - the way the story unfolds to you is presented more differently than the usual. and even though they leave alot of things unexplained and may leave you wondering about this and that, it's still worth going through it allMusic - well done and matches the current state/scene depictedArt/Interface - two cute AIs to keep you company on a no fuzz clean interfacethis one... it may not be for people who like alot of visuals since there are basically just two backgrounds and few animations for the characters but i say it should not be a reason to put people off"
,Recommended,209370,8602091,"Posted: 6 January, 2014",all,Azkalani,"I highly recommend this game and the sequel hate plus to anyone who enjoys a good story and doesnt mind a lot of reading, one the best visual novel experiences ive ever had, and can be thought provoking."
,Recommended,209370,1278257,"Posted: 22 August, 2013",all,Princess Cellestia,"This is one of those games that comes along every so often and gets ignored by most and played only by the very curious.  And it blows those few curious minds away.  Seemingly simple on the surface, more you uncover of the story the less you realize you understand and the further you realize you want to dig.  Disturbing, tragic, and gripping, you'll replay this again and again just to find every scrap of information you can find."
,Recommended,209370,4316887,"Posted: 30 June, 2012",all,Suyooo,"Not what I expected at all, in a positive way. The description makes this look like some kind of dating game (a very small, neglectable part is though), but instead, you get a deep and exciting story.Analogue: A Hate Story is a visual epistolary novel, kind of an e-book with interactivity. The 4 to 5 hour story (you can 100% the game in about 7 to 8 hours if you set the right saves) centers around the events on a space colony ending up in an disaster killing everyone on the ship, including a girl put in stasis for centuries waking up in a deeply misogynistic society and the two AIs who hate each other and have been alone in the system for 600 years. The goal of the game is to find the saved logs and explore them, revealing the scandals, secrets and connections leading to the fall of the Mugunghwa.VERDICT: Very short, but great game if you are okay with having to read a lot and not having a ""real"" game. Amazing storytelling, 9/10"
,Recommended,209370,9013402,"Posted: 7 February, 2014",all,Josh_Cranlet,mai waifu
76561198012864139,Recommended,209370,9884700,"Posted: 20 April, 2014",all,Proxy Pause,"More of an old-school text adventure than a VN in my opinion.  Btw, this is DARK.  REALLY dark.Worth it for the $10 they're asking for.  The replay value is limited (outside of getting the alternate endings) but the story itself mixed in with the interface really makes you feel like an investigator working on a derelict ship.I recommend this wholeheartedly."
,Recommended,209370,10069057,"Posted: 10 May, 2014",all,Kappa's Workshop,"A really good and diferent ""Visual"" Novel, while it is not for everyone. It focuses on computer/human interaction. It centers on  transhumanism, traditional marriage and society problems on the extreme. While it is not a long read, its themes are a little heavy, so a mature and open mind is recomended."
76561198061713682,Recommended,209370,10657948,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,多摩,Get emotionally touched by reading tons of logs left hundred years ago.
76561198103238364,Recommended,209370,10752534,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,Sunfish Senpai,"Cool story, likeable characters and an interisting interface. A bit confusing at first but well worth it. 8/10"
76561198048244792,Recommended,209370,9838608,"Posted: 16 April, 2014",all,Jupiter Jones,"If you are terrible at using computors, but always wanted to be a super cool hacker wizard, this game has a delicious bit of wish fufilment towards the middle. Other than that, it's a decent low budget visual novel with some unique spins on♥♥♥♥♥♥I dig it."
76561198106050586,Recommended,209370,9886509,"Posted: 20 April, 2014",all,AsianPersuasion,"If you are looking for a different experience, then this is the game for you. However, if you are not too fond of text based games, you may want to look eslewhere. This game also requires concentration, and thinking. Some parts are like a puzzle in a weird way of some sort. If you are willing to experiment, then buy this game."
,Recommended,209370,10735327,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,Heskillia,"We all know of MUST read books our parent recommended, and we also know that most of them, if not all, are boring.But this is recommendation from a fellow gamer, this IS a MUST play game!"
,Recommended,209370,14415645,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,Dangerous Beans,"♥♥♥♥ing hell, talk about mastery of atmosphere! Some of the binary selections♥♥♥♥♥♥me off a little, because the issues being discussed are very complex, but it's part of the storyline, really.This VN is very heavy on the N, so don't come in expecting Nekopara or something. The Korean names can be hard to remember, but if you make a brief note (on paper or something) of which name matches which person, then things become more clear. The story is pretty deep, and I worry that people who aren't used to literature (or thinking) won't understand that NOT EVERYTHING YOU READ IS TRUE. The AIs, the people in the logs, and YOU: Everyone has their own motivations, perspectives, and baggage. It's up to you to sort out what you think really happened and decide what to do about it. The worst thing you could do to yourself here is to love or despise any of the characters before you have the full and complete story. That includes the AIs.Good luck.Also, be careful after the *dangerous event* because the cores are damaged somehow and you can't shut some of them off once they're powered on. If you start copying cores around you'll trigger an error and get stuck in a position where you can't enable either AI. All that's left to do at that point is run the download and try again.Unless I missed something...But I don't mind starting again anyway.tl;dr - If you like books you will love this game. This is better than a book because it's highly immersive without taking away the imaginative aspect that books allow."
,Recommended,209370,10297050,"Posted: 31 May, 2014",all,Winter:Snow,아 cmd 그립다
76561198041338559,Recommended,209370,10603786,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,christina.bartell,"Analogue: A Hate Story is less of a game and more of a visual novel with a few choices, so I cannot recommend this game to everyone. I happen to love such games (similarly I also love 999: 9 Hours 9 Persons 9 Doors for the DS). I am a sucker for mystery stories told out of order, and this game delivers! You control what information you get when, and you'll have to play at least twice to get all of it. The story sucked me in completely, and I actually gasped and teared up at some of the revelations that were uncovered. And I love the secret ending. Again, this game isn't for everyone - it's more like an interactive novel, but even if that sounds unappealing, I highly recommend trying the free demo! It may surprise you!"
,Recommended,209370,10174825,"Posted: 19 May, 2014",all,Cyril,"Very nice visual novel-style game. Not as linear as a VN but that's to its benefit. The story is pretty interesting and the two characters you interact with both have plenty of personality. Even if it's entirely possible to go an entire playthrough barely talking to one of them, which is a bit silly. One complaint is that the event that determines which ending you get is... kind of hard to figure out at first since there's no indication of what specifically locks you into an ending, it just happens out of nowhere. Other than that though... dialogue is good, art style is good enough for the medium. Interested in checking out the sequel at some point, definitely."
,Recommended,209370,10416697,"Posted: 10 June, 2014",all,neeeesan,"Excessive reading can be overwhelming at first, but just get over it and read everything. Great visual novel. 10/10 would read again."
76561198013896322,Recommended,209370,9144178,"Posted: 16 February, 2014",all,Fedora the Explorer,"TL;DR If you like visual novels and prefer a darker tone, and don't think every VN should be a love story - get it. It's also a bit different in terms of play to a normal VN, which makes it interesting.When I want to read a visual novel I dont typically look at steam as my first route - I naturally know a lot more about Japanese authors as I got into the medium through Fate/Stay Night and Cross+Channel; however I decided to give this VN a shot. I cannot reccomend it enough.Since I am going to assume you already know about visual novels and dont need any 'herp derp ""its not really a game""', I will spare you that. Instead you will get my first impressions from my first completion.To get them out of the way: Music and Visuals.The music is nicely done, setting a good tone. It isn't 'in your face' amazing, nor are there any specific tracks that are really memorable - but the music does set the tone nicely. My only complaint is a minor one: when going between different log menus, the different tracks sometimes have a somewhat dissonant transition (that is, a tense soundtrack quickly going to a relaxing menu soundtrack).The visuals are also nice, the menu design fits the game as a whole and the character designs and artwork are very good, I cant speak for *Mute, but *Hyun-ae's expressions are always clear, and her idle sprite is reflective of her current state even outside of specific conversations (Also the little achievement icons are adorable, for reals.). Being able to dress *Hyun-ae up in various outfits and have amusing roleplay conversations (She even quotes Makise Kurisu [of Steins;Gate] in her scientist outfit, which is more than enough reason to buy it I mean come on.)So with that, the story itself.You go to a Korean spaceship to figure out what the hell went wrong with it. You are tasked with collecting log data in order to piece together the mystery of it all, and encounter 2 AIs along the way. Since I wish to avoid spoilers I'll mention things in a more aroundabout way.The tone is pretty dark. The story concerns itself with looking at a society that has no women's rights - at one point mentioning that most women's messages were deleted after being read, as they weren't worth the harddrive space, and it would protect the female sender as women were meant to be illiterate. Hearing about how the Pale Bride was mistreated, seen as acting like a boy for showing any kind of independant thought was quite disgusting too read - but that is exactly the purpose of the story. The themes are as above. I could go into more detail, but I feel I've said enough.Finally, the presentation. This is not a VN where you watch characters interact with character sprites on screen. Instead you read logs of correspondance between characters, with the AI's opinion given to you. As more logs are unlocked over time and you uncover more of the story, the story progresses. There is also a console command system in place for switching between active AI and various other elements (such as which costume you want to put *Hyun-ae in). Its definately a new and interesting experience for people who are not used to VNs which are not in the more typical format, and at the current sale price - definately worth a try.Overall: Pretty damn solid VN. I will be playing it again now that I understand how it goes a little more. Strongly reccomend if you are running out of your backlog and want something interesting.[SPOILERS]The download command ends your game. If you want to get full completion you probably shouldn't use that button as soon as you can.[/spoilers]"
,Recommended,209370,9109879,"Posted: 14 February, 2014",all,Jobo The Best EU,"A very well written story with multitudes of arcs and endings. the dialogue is superb and sometimes fourth-wall breaking. The play-time i have on this game is how long it took me to complete 1 ending, getting rough 84% of the logs. I will definitely play through it again for the other endings. The story had me captivated and the setting was quite unique as you could (to some degree) choose your own setting. A very unique game with good value for entertainment."
,Recommended,209370,10009258,"Posted: 3 May, 2014",all,Hacksterlim,"If you are into visual novel, and em, somwhat into terminal? Not really, but great storyline nevertheless! nice graphics!P/S If you like this, check out ""digital: A Love Story"". Much nostalgic that game! :P"
,Recommended,209370,14591580,"Posted: 22 February, 2015",all,Twilight,perfectbuy it nowbut beware this is truely a hate story
,Recommended,209370,7816541,"Posted: 28 November, 2013",all,Wolfram :^),Wow... Although the game isn't the longest VN out there it makes the most out of what it has. It hit every emotion it had to and did so with gusto. Beautifully written and a great albiet short nugget of writing.
,Recommended,209370,4992536,"Posted: 28 August, 2013",all,(´・◡・｀),A.I Harem. nuff said.
76561198041711253,Recommended,209370,4775273,"Posted: 14 July, 2012",all,Tai922,very fun...i loved it ....but it may be hard for you guys and girls who don't read.
76561197995820896,Recommended,209370,18219420,"Posted: 27 September, 2015",all,Salty Dingo,the shell was very obnoxiously implemented. no tab completion? no up-arrow for history? throw me a bone.
,Not Recommended,209370,15482851,"Posted: 21 April, 2015",all,Damologist 멘붕,Can't get past the first screen.Entered all available commandsAll did nothinggg
,Recommended,209370,21140253,"Posted: 11 February, 2016",all,Zanda64,*Mute is a ♥♥♥♥♥
76561198137929025,Not Recommended,209370,15909185,"Posted: 19 May, 2015",all,jpchartrand,I have to give it another go but my first impressions are that this is extremely boring.
,Recommended,209370,2325873,"Posted: 8 January, 2013",all,CPTpurrfect,"A great visual novel, it's alternate way of narration and the fascinating story is just great.If you never played a VN you should try out the demo, maybe you like it."
76561198035687316,Recommended,209370,8314381,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,Reverse,"A nice short...ish game to play. Fair warning, its an interactive text adventure. So if that isn't your thing, I'd suggest moving on.However, the characters are interesting and display emotion. Somehow, like I did, you'll connect with them on some level.It's not hard, but it isn't easy. If you're the kind of person who likes to explore ancient archives in games to figure out what happened in the past, then this game is a load of fun! ((You know what i mean, the scraps of paper that give tantalizing hints of info of what MIGHT have happened, but isn't really clear on the entire issue.))TL;DR, I reccomend this game. Is fun! :D"
,Recommended,209370,17841827,"Posted: 1 September, 2015",all,Reimu,COREAN GAEM
,Recommended,209370,25420123,"Posted: 8 September, 2016",all,FriskyWhiskers♥,"Very well made and well writen, the story is engaging, makes sense and is pretty sad. It doesn't go with the sterotypical cliche of the characters parents being killed when they were young, or that they never had parents. The story is as follows, you're sent on a mission to extract information from a abandoned ship the Mugungwa (I may have misspelled it, it's hard to remember because it's Korean) to see what exactly happened to it. When you reach it you need to access one of the A.I to guide you through the information. You get to choose between two A.Is, *Hyun-ae or *Mute. Both have pretty interesting personalitys and have their moments. Now this is all i'm going to say because I don't want to spoil the entire thing, but I will tell you this. You get to change what outfit *Hyun-ae is wearing, you can choose between things like a scientist, a detective, a maid and other things, it's adorable and I love it. Also one thing to note that it is for adults, a lot of sexual things and violence, however the sexual part can acutally be pretty funny,If you're looking for an engaging and interesting story, you've come to the right place.Although i don't quite recommend its sequel, Hate Plus. It's not bad but it has flaws that Analouge didn't have. You play the game in 3 different days to reach earth to do some stuff. Each day you uncover more informations from the Mugungwa's files and uncover more parts of the story. For one once each day is done, you have to wait exactly 12 hours real time to play again, and that's pretty dumb. Also, like Analouge, It has sexual stuff and violence, it even describes lesbian relationship, but that's not really bad, but it did make things pretty awkward. Another thing and *SPOLIERS!!!!!*At the third day, it's some special occasion and *Hyun-ae will tell you about how much she loves cake before she became an A.I (Yeah, she was a real person and became an A.I... Because plot.) and wants to have a cake, so you and *Hyun-ae decide to bake a cake. However this isn't a virtual cake, she wants you to make an actual real life cake. That's when I stopped playing, I get it that it's adorable and how she's and A.I and you're a person and it's a relationship going on and it gives it more character to make it more engaging, but i really didn't want to put in effort to bake a homemade cake, i'd rather just buy cake mix and do it. And besides, I may be a sad pathetic loser, but i'm not that much of one that I would share a cake with a girl inside a computer.Case closed, Both games are good, but I prefer the first one over the sequel."
,Recommended,209370,31048985,Posted: 9 April,all,saliere,"Dives in to interaction immediately, and is the single most compelling visual novel I've ever played. It does a fantastic job of weaving the interaction of the player into the story, and the player truly becomes a character as a result."
,Recommended,209370,31008151,Posted: 7 April,all,Murrkitteh,"Annalouge is a newer spin on the visual novel, a wonderful combination of Korean history and Sci-Fi. Heavy on reading and requiring multiple play throughs to get the whole story be prepared to devote a few hours to the story."
76561198022391714,Recommended,209370,30455434,Posted: 11 March,all,BaronessRomanova,"A visual novel based in space is always a good start, the story is and world is well flashed out and believable.Very well created, based on a period in Korean history, you feel like you are genuinely reading about people's lives.Great vision by a creator who is not afraid to tackle difficult themes."
,Recommended,209370,31301883,Posted: 22 April,all,鳶一 折紙,"ENBasically I liked the game because of the plot, well, music. Very good work.Although this is not straight ""Vauuuu 10/10"" or as the work of ""The Fruit of Grisaia"" and ""CLANNAD"", but the game is worthy of attention.When I ran it for the first time and at first the console appeared I was such ""What ???"" and I was stupid, and then in the scene with the reactor I felt like a hacker.And I would love to see an anime adaptation or a movie on this game. If there was oneP.S Sorry for my knowledge of English.RUВ основном мне игра понравилась из-за сюжета, ну и музыки. Очень хорошая работа.Хоть это не прям  «Вауууу 10/10» или как работы «The Fruit of Grisaia» и «CLANNAD» но игра достойна внимания.Когда я запустил её в первый раз и вначале появилась консоль я такой «Что???» и я тупил, ну а потом в сцене с реактором я почувствовал себя хакером.И я бы с удовольствием посмотрел бы аниме адаптацию или фильм по этой игре. Если бы таковая была."
,Recommended,209370,29330661,Posted: 17 January,all,Bonidex,"This game has all to make it amazing. The art is great, as well as the soundtrack. It's a visual novel, but you decide the path way more than usual VN games, making it more of a puzzle with a compelling story. Loved it."
,Recommended,209370,4848260,"Posted: 22 December, 2012",all,SandeepHC,"Very interesting and well-written visual novel. It weaves an intricate and exciting tale of the dangers of society, and the vulnerably of liberty to stupidity and prejudice. I'm sure it won't be everyone's cup of tea, as it isn't as testosterone fueled as an FPS, but it's great for people who like this genre, or just like books and stories (like myself. (Side Note: I preferred Hyun-ae.)"
,Recommended,209370,4048584,"Posted: 24 July, 2012",all,[HSOWA] Break Room Benny,weeaboo♥♥♥♥♥♥ its like crab nicholson buy gay
76561198028325917,Recommended,209370,8839073,"Posted: 25 January, 2014",all,TamaSaga,"I can't recommend the sequel, but this light novel tells its story well.I guess I can add some of the bad points...Romanized Korean names are used in this game.  It'll take you about an hour to finally get a handle on who is who.This game has a lot of choices.  I'm a fan of the visual novels with three choices max.  Each creating a separate ending.  Having too many choices makes you start second-guessing whether or not you made the right one.  Unless you're aiming for a certain achievement, most of them don't matter.And finally, there are some minor inconsistencies.  For instance, you have a multiple choice user input because text translation is not supposed to be working.  And yet you are still able to use the text field to find specific records.  If you go out on a limb and believe that the text field is directly linked to the underlying command line operating system and not to the AI generated user interface, then it makes sense.  But it's a complicated explanation and there's no implication that that's the case.Overall this story tells a tale that makes you decide which side is right and which side is wrong.  But there are some stunning reveals contained within both sides that make you realize that your first conclusion was wrong.  So if you get the game, check out both sides.Then try and figure out whether or not the perpetrator of the Mugunghwa's final moments were justified."
,Recommended,209370,1484467,"Posted: 5 April, 2013",all,Rammsteniako,Rather sad visual novel T_T 8/10
76561198111001185,Recommended,209370,10350269,"Posted: 4 June, 2014",all,Scorn Stroke,This game touched me deeply. Anyone with harsh parents would understand.
,Recommended,209370,1564019,"Posted: 4 May, 2012",all,PinkPony,"I was sceptical at first, but after trying out the demo I was hooked. Don't be fooled by the minimal interface or anime-style characters if either bother you - this game has a story to tell and does it in a gripping way, breaking elements into bite-size chunks that make you beg for more.After playing the demo for its full length, I bought the game at full-price and continued to complete it in one sitting. For an entirely narrative-based game, a good 3 hours of gripping gameplay is quite a feat, and with only half the content unlocked and plenty more endings to see, there's a lot of space for replayability! Concept art prizes for completion percentage, too!All I can say is 'give the demo a try'. You'll probably either love it or hate it, but I certainly loved it. This game hit all the right spots at the right times, emotionally connected me with a character, strained that trust, then ultimately rewarded both her and I with catharsis. Worth every penny I paid."
,Recommended,209370,27932292,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,FlutterNova,Great storyline!
76561198194348631,Recommended,209370,33224003,Posted: 4 July,all,Ł€ŇҜΔ,Great story and game really loved it!
76561198079071360,Recommended,209370,12067665,"Posted: 11 September, 2014",all,smilodon142,This game is fun. The main game play element in this is a command terminal that you use to effect the out come of the game. You will enjoy this game if you were the kid in tech class playing with power shell and command promt.
,Recommended,209370,13359368,"Posted: 14 December, 2014",all,gavweb123,for an anime visual noval it was very good but also very sad reading it all kinda made wanna cry and im being serious i alost did but thats what i loved about it not every day you get into a visual noval and feel emotional thats a sign of a good story doing what its inteding to do good job cristine lovepersonal rating 9/10
76561198040488472,Recommended,209370,4661402,"Posted: 30 August, 2012",all,Kondzio,MOAR. VISUAL. NOVEL. Pretty please?
76561198003190412,Recommended,209370,8593498,"Posted: 6 January, 2014",all,hothbeast,"I really enjoy Anime games. So i was surprised when Steam added this title.It's a visual Novel game, so expect reading.   The characters are interesting.Has A dos type throw back to it.  which can make it tuff as b@lls sometimes.I bought this when it was on Sale, But the normal price is typical for most anime games.Draw backs,  there really isn't any walk thoughs if you get stuck.Bottom Line:  if you are into anime games or aren't certain if you would like this title there is a Demo.  Give it a try,  it's worthwhile."
,Recommended,209370,8681788,"Posted: 12 January, 2014",all,Andrack,"This game really puts the AI in wAIfu!dohoHO!Hold on, I've got one more, but I'll put it in a review for Hate Plus."
,Recommended,209370,378325,"Posted: 29 November, 2012",all,RichardB,"Christine Love is a paragon of humanity. A lot of effort has gone into writing the characters and it really shows. The huge cast are all written with distinct, well-imagined personalities and motivations.The music is really pleasant. I have the soundtrack and often listen to it.I had to ask the author about the logo and she explained that the drawing depicts the adult Hyun-ae hugging her childhood self. :)"
,Recommended,209370,1582771,"Posted: 11 August, 2013",all,GrinningViper,"A Hate story? No.A Sad story.A story that worth your money, and time."
,Recommended,209370,8571177,"Posted: 5 January, 2014",all,Satraul,"One of the BEST waifu simulators out there on Steam right now. This game is Korean, not Japanese but that's good enough. The story's pretty cool, based on some old messed up Korean era or something. You get to play on a command prompt like a real hacker. The two pursuable waifus are self-aware AI personalities, both qt pies. You can make them cosplay too! 10/10 Would play again."
,Recommended,209370,909984,"Posted: 6 May, 2012",all,Titon,"An interesting way to tell a story. A pretty dark one too, in a Game of Thrones kinda way."
76561198025709853,Recommended,209370,3659683,"Posted: 2 August, 2012",all,morninglurker,"There's a lot to be said for this game. The story is really quite engaging, and the characters are veryfun. I really enjoyed how it made me think about the morals of justification and forgiveness. It's short, but very strong."
76561197995570676,Recommended,209370,7892068,"Posted: 2 December, 2013",all,Mindworm Jim,"Analogue (combined with its sequel, Hate Plus) is one of the most interest and thought-provoking stories I have ever experienced in any medium. I don't know how many of you will actually LIKE it, but it's really interesting, and there's really no way to explain it. Just play, and find out."
76561197972147252,Recommended,209370,9225875,"Posted: 22 February, 2014",all,Mentat,This is a stellar example of what interactive fiction can be.
,Recommended,209370,9626995,"Posted: 25 March, 2014",all,A Crusty Senpai,this game is great i absolutely loved it (and made sure to get all the achievments on) it mixes behavour from ealry eras of asian culture with a truly dark story with two ai's that are at eachothers throats it's up to you to decide who to trust and who to save from the loneliness of space. just watch out for the reactor sequence it gets rough the first time through ^^'
,Recommended,209370,9253637,"Posted: 24 February, 2014",all,Rihannsu,I absolutley fell in love with both AIs.
,Recommended,209370,9835342,"Posted: 16 April, 2014",all,Amidatelion,A western take on Japanese romance visual novels. To this day I'm not sure if I love it or am bored witless by it.
,Recommended,209370,9803549,"Posted: 12 April, 2014",all,VR_Bernie,Great story and characters.
,Recommended,209370,34874110,Posted: 10 September,all,PANCAPES,can't wait until robot waifus are realthe future can't come sooner
,Recommended,209370,25900948,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,wilson,Suprisingly good.
,Recommended,209370,35021387,Posted: 17 September,all,forkburn,Would learn Linux to save waifu again 10/10
76561198113465105,Recommended,209370,34717098,Posted: 3 September,all,Mad Wargarita,♥♥♥♥ mute !good game thoit's not a visual novel but you'll read as much. Not finished yet cause I don't want to talk to mute... that ♥♥♥♥♥ !it's talking about you scavenging spaceship and trying to date an AI lol
76561198111029740,Not Recommended,209370,13412074,"Posted: 16 December, 2014",all,BellaKella,STUPID. A book would be more useful of your time. It was just short of being really interesting but it missed the mark.
,Recommended,209370,12721117,"Posted: 1 November, 2014",all,Muir,"This is a cute little game which highlights issues of misogyny and equity in culture.You play as a lone space explorer who prefers taking contracts where they won't be bothered by lots of people. Your current job is to find out what happened to an ancient ship and its inhabitants. Once there, you hook up to the ships communications systems and meet two A.I. Talking with them gives you hints and clues about the ships history.This is more of an interactive visual novel than a ""proper"" game, although there is a bit of challenge at one point as well as several different possible endings. The graphics are good, the story line interesting, and the way it's all presented to the player works really well.Overall, I would recommend this game if you like anime, oriental cultures, and visual novels."
,Recommended,209370,8546325,"Posted: 3 January, 2014",all,Flynntellivision,If you're willing to strain your eyes reading from your lcd monitor you'll find an engrossing story with characters able to hit you in your emotional gut
,Recommended,209370,18941557,"Posted: 7 November, 2015",all,James Logan 87,"This novel is definetly A-Must-Have, check out my review below:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-B9mIbpZHZc"
76561198052210690,Recommended,209370,13956632,"Posted: 12 January, 2015",all,Sofia Ravn,"Analogue: A Hate Story is definitely the most emotionally moving novel I have ever read - and that is saying something. The tale is horrifyingly grim, and it is not advisable to go through the entire novel in one sitting... Pace yourself if you have a tendency to be affected by emotional dramas.The story is well-written and engaging, though the bulk of it coming in the form of old logs written centuries ago, leaves annoying gaps in the storyline - reading all the logs does fill in most of the blanks, though. More frustrating about this, though, is that you are left sitting with an intense desire to re-write the story, and make everything right. But I guess that's the point.In conclusion, the only real complaint I have about this game, is that its too short. Even after having played every possible path (several times) I'm left wanting more... I guess that's how you truly know, a story is good.Oh, and the music is awesome!"
,Recommended,209370,10406630,"Posted: 9 June, 2014",all,ants in my eyes johnson,"This game is definately not for everyone, but if you can relate to anyone in the game , ythen it will be an interesting and emotional journey."
76561198025256623,Recommended,209370,17116043,"Posted: 18 July, 2015",all,Lennon7935,Accidentally friendzoned traumatised AI waifu11/10 would ♥♥♥♥ up again
,Recommended,209370,13911526,"Posted: 9 January, 2015",all,halcy,buy analogue and hate+ they are spectacularly good visual novels
76561197987189452,Recommended,209370,24324954,"Posted: 14 July, 2016",all,wogleta,"Intriguing story.Shameful how the treatment of women really hasn't changed much in centuries. Yes, women have had improvements in certain areas, but overall, we are still second class citizens.Thank you 아날로그 for the reminder."
,Not Recommended,209370,17895696,"Posted: 5 September, 2015",all,JumboPotato,It was really long aboring to read -.-
76561198052705223,Recommended,209370,23860277,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,Carbon839,"I have 186 hours on this game somehow, must be okay."
,Recommended,209370,31758000,Posted: 14 May,all,NickJagged,"Really good VN, good story that doesn't drag or rush its way through each route."
76561198078031383,Recommended,209370,9146675,"Posted: 16 February, 2014",all,KawaiiSeeker,"100% finish this game and it took me 11 hours. gotta say, it was worth the buy. great replay value. its not a normal visual novel. sure, it has love like other VN but this has mysteries and gosh, the story is dark. also unlike other VN, you also do mini games(like stopping a melt down) or dressing up a character, than always reading a wall of text.if you like mysteriesorif you like visual novelthis game is for you.i also suggest buying the soundtrack. great music as well"
,Recommended,209370,8260565,"Posted: 24 December, 2013",all,Nyanta,"Analogue: A Hate Story is an interactive novel. You are an investigator in the far future, looking into the mystery of a disabled colony ship recently discovered in deep space. Your task is to work your way through the logs of the ancient ship to determine what happened to the population, along with the help of the ship's onboard AI.Artistically, Analogue is an excellent novel. Its graphically appealing, with suitable music to fit the mood. The characters are well designed in their anime stylings, though outside of the characters there isn't much in the way of artwork. The story itself is deeply engrossing as you watch the plot unfold and the secrets of the various players are revealed.This game falls short in the technicals. The game occasionally had trouble rendering, even in fullscreen mode, which caused lag on the cursor. The reader also leaves something to be desired, with occasional issues in scrolling.Text heavy, this is really only a game for people who enjoy deep plot and lots of reading. Having said that, I found this to be a worthwhile experience overall, and I'd recommend it to anyone else who is interested in this kind of game.If you found this review helpful, please have a look at some ofmy other reviewstoo!"
76561198089511062,Recommended,209370,33555649,Posted: 15 July,all,zen,"One of my favourite visual novels, I definitely recommend it."
,Recommended,209370,11140908,"Posted: 8 July, 2014",all,yaoibunga,i'll never get any of these achievements i hate this game and my wife
,Recommended,209370,11999049,"Posted: 6 September, 2014",all,Sessho seki,I would totally suggest this game.
76561198072740104,Recommended,209370,12008348,"Posted: 6 September, 2014",all,LordGambling,"I found a friendly a.i. then met another who instantly hit on me. I stopped a reactor meltdown, played dress up with *Hyun-ae, discovered the horrible truth, fell in love, got a new waifu, escaped with waifu, put hand on screen in love, then cried when I remembered it was a game... 11/10."
,Recommended,209370,11242076,"Posted: 14 July, 2014",all,Tarek,"This game is very odd.The first 10 mins were like ""What the heck is this"" then I got sucked in...3 hours later I finished it. In one sitting.I am not sure what to think since I've never played anything like this before.Odd. Good. But odd."
,Recommended,209370,1429982,"Posted: 20 December, 2012",all,Author X,"This game is all reading, but it has great writing, and the story is surprisingly intense. It's about a far-future, isolated community that's fallen back to an ancient (and extremely misogynistic) society, which is based on a real-life period of history. Not for the squeamish. It's also got cute girls in cosplay outfits! Because nothing says ""moe"" like uncomfortable juxtapositions."
,Recommended,209370,9387824,"Posted: 8 March, 2014",all,lchecket,"This game managed to combine existential, ethical, feminist and cultural elements in an interesting and innovative way. The story is engaging and fascinating, and the NPCs really grow on you. Great if you're looking for a narrative experience deeper than the average game (including RPGs and adventure games)."
,Recommended,209370,24298568,"Posted: 13 July, 2016",all,ShadowMang,Its k
,Not Recommended,209370,9149930,"Posted: 16 February, 2014",all,aikawarei,"This game is heavy on text. If you love reading games, then you'll enjoy this game. If you're thinking of perhaps an adventure, point and click or rpg is more your type than this game might not scratch that itch. For me, it was ultimately not satisfying and I believe I'm not the right audience for this niche game."
,Recommended,209370,8355812,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,スブ,Yes.
76561198036560573,Recommended,209370,14582357,"Posted: 21 February, 2015",all,slime,I want to fukk the korean computer gorl
,Not Recommended,209370,17087960,"Posted: 17 July, 2015",all,"Bitch, I drive a Dodge Stratus",Absolutely boring.
76561198032293195,Not Recommended,209370,13975659,"Posted: 13 January, 2015",all,Elfo,"Just confusing and with a lot of Korean references. Couldn't care less for the girls, the game interface is interesting at first, but gets boring fast...Best talk to a chatbot"
,Recommended,209370,32711460,Posted: 23 June,all,DestroyanSigma,Very good game
,Recommended,209370,3800854,"Posted: 29 April, 2012",all,Ranko Kanzaki,"Okay. I'm gonna be honest here. This is not your typical game. In fact, I'm not sure if I can call it a game. For starters, it is a visual novel, which is at best an atypical kind of game. Second, you will not have fun playing it. In fact, you will be appalled, /horrified/ by this software at times. As more and more information is revealed to you, you are told a story about thoroughly contrasting values, misogyny and arranged marriages in a society where people are ignorant of the very environment around them and women are treated like things, not like people. With all this said, though, it's worth going through it, because it invites you to think about how society can regress into archaism when it doesn't find a way to progress and, apart of the misogyny and arranged marriage dilemma, it also offers a question: When computers become advanced enough, what makes them different from humans? If you're a visual novel enthusiast and like things that make you think, you should have this."
,Recommended,209370,24515239,"Posted: 25 July, 2016",all,teeheemanl™,And That's how i got into japanese porn
,Not Recommended,209370,21879723,"Posted: 16 March, 2016",all,Sansha nea Luna,"Tried getting past the first part of activating the AI, yet it glitches out and NONE of the commands work. I make sure everything is spelt correctly and yet, it keeps saying ERROR, ERROR, ERROR. Too glitchy and I wish I had never bought it. If anyone wants it, message me. I'll just give you the game."
,Recommended,209370,2298518,"Posted: 4 November, 2012",all,mom's trueno,"Marry the Emperor they said, it'll be fun they said"
76561197987668808,Recommended,209370,12428675,"Posted: 9 October, 2014",all,Jaseface,"Text-based, command-prompt-driven investigation into the disappearance of a long lost earth colony ship.Surprisingly engaging for what is essentially a look into gender disparity within an era of Korean society. And an opportunity to dress up an artifical woman in various cosplays.Also contains a very intense dos-based puzzle segment!I found this to be a very immersive game, and it made me feel feelings."
,Recommended,209370,10061087,"Posted: 9 May, 2014",all,С Г エ χ,"If you like visual novels, you'll probably like this game. If you don't then I doubt this will be THE ONE to change your mind. It's definately worth playing through through.No happy ending though, this is a hate story."
76561198028209916,Recommended,209370,22766772,"Posted: 2 May, 2016",all,ＳＰＩＴＦＩＲＥ,Came for the waifus.Waited through some bull**** about the patriarchy and oppression and how men are evil but mass murderers can be given a free pass if the patriarchy did something to them.Eventually got my qt tsundere AI waifu.10/10.
,Not Recommended,209370,7965995,"Posted: 8 December, 2013",all,BenWah,"This isn't really a game at all.It's as if the developers went to some lengths to lay out a bunch of characters and storytelling, and then left all aspects of the actual ""game"" out.There is no deduction, no puzzle, no adventure, no nothing.It's an excessively passive experience, in the extreme.It's such a shame, they did a fantastic job laying out interesting characters and stories, with two characters offering sympathetic and unsympathetic perspectives.When I first saw the geneology table, it had numerous gaps in dates and names, I thought it would be cool if you had to do some investigation to fill those in to solve parts of a story.I actually really like the cultural aspect of the game, and the fact that you're revealing parts of history and surprising aspects of characters. That you have to assess and question characters biases to judge their accounts. The writing is of very good quality, though I could have done without the pervy (block2) bits.The opportunity for a real and good game is there.But no, the entire interface consists of reading something, and then clicking a big button to get more bits to read. Total failure.There is one timed event, but the characters tell you explicitly what to do and there is NO actual challenge or possibility of failure.There is a computer interface with numerous commands, and even a historical account describing doing something very interesting with it. But there's nothing interesting or creative you can actually do besides solving the aforementioned problem in exactly the way you are told to. Fail."
,Not Recommended,209370,16223616,"Posted: 6 June, 2015",all,Skry,"Ok, for starters you have a basic sci-fi setting and a cute little lonely AI girl who has been alone for centuries. This has to be the best visual novel ever! What could possibly go wrong?Well, just about everything because this game is something that belongs to every social justice warriors game collection. Game is practically a tool for feminist (and I mean feminist in the bad way, you know what I mean) propaganda, is filled with (the usual) half-if-at-all thought and contradicting morals and values that are pushed right down your throat in every single turn possible. Story completely ignores both cultural and individual differences, has no place for a voice of reason or common sense and throws all middle grounds out of the window. In this game you are either a sick monster (you know, a white male heterosexual) with your opinions or a liberal fairy without a gender identity.Things we learn from the story are that1) having a gender is a bad thing2) marriage and family is even more so3) tradition is always bad and should just be erased along with everything not fitting into anarcho-liberal thoughtbox4) all men perceiving themselves as males are evil and/or stupid drunks and the only one worth your feelings are those puffs that ""surprise you every day"" with agreeing to everything you say5) all women are stupid slaves (and of course evil) unless they think the way script writer does6) having a child is the worst that could ever happen7) good women enjoy sex with strangers and try to be lesbian while cheating their husbands if possible8)it is OK and fine and recommended to perform a genocide, killing thousands of innocent men, women and children, if you have been treated like♥♥♥♥♥♥at some point in your lifeYes, seriously.There are multiple endings (for a person in his/her right mind, perhaps only one) but they are not that rewarding. Story ends, you'll get an ending screen with some vague nonsense and credits and that's it. There's a few concept art to be unlocked and the trophies but they really are not worth subjecting yourself to the stuff you will be fed.It's a shame really as technically this was pretty good for a visual novel. It had its moments and a decent writing. The other AI in the game, *Mute, was perhaps a little more sane than the main character. Actually the moment with her was probably the best part of the game I think. I'm pretty sure there is some ideology pushing behind her too depending on the choices you make though. Also, the override terminal was a fun little addition and a change to the otherwise static experience."
76561198019014829,Not Recommended,209370,13724561,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,Varileztra,waste of money
76561198031754927,Recommended,209370,12458575,"Posted: 11 October, 2014",all,Finlandball,"They made two of these, They need to make 200."
76561198036376124,Not Recommended,209370,16666629,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,OverLored,"FEMINIST ALERT.The game is written with the author's ideological agenda at the forefront. If you don't agree with it, which you get the option to do like once because the game is 95% reading, the game just ends. So play this only if you don't mind huge factual distortions and bias.The author doesn't pay much attention to the facts of Joseon Korea on which its society claims to be based. It is breathtakingly bigoted to simplify 500 years of Joseon Korean culture, society, history and upheaval into TYRANNICAL PATRIARCHY. Essentially, this Hate Story is a feminist diatribe against a society which the author knows sweet dang all about. You get the privilege of paying to read it.That said, if you can get past the head-bashing insistence with which the author cries THESE GIRLS ARE SOOOO OPPRESSED, the game holds up as a functional sci-fi flick with some Korean elements. If that's quirky enough to get your attention, give it a try by all means, but please take what it says about Joseon society with a huge portion of salt."
76561198022130809,Recommended,209370,12651988,"Posted: 26 October, 2014",all,Nyancathotep,Oh the feels. Good game.
,Recommended,209370,9640563,"Posted: 26 March, 2014",all,Nano Shinonome,yes
,Not Recommended,209370,4347274,"Posted: 7 January, 2013",all,[SPQR] Virgil,"I thought this would be just like one of my Japanese animes, especially since the art is by the guy who drew Lilly in Katawa Shoujo, but instead I got TEN GIGABUCKLEYS of words about how much it sucks being a feudal Korean in outer space or some♥♥♥♥♥♥ I wasn't really paying attention."
,Not Recommended,209370,20710829,"Posted: 23 January, 2016",all,ADDICTED to Judge Judy,analogue: a hate story is yet another trashy objectified visual novel. when will this end? there obviously was an attempt to make it feminist but it falls flat on its face cause the entire game men play not to hear about the patriarchy but to undress the ais? what. the. ♥♥♥♥. i seriously hope whoever made this dies cause a feminist like *hyun-ae would never bring herself so low as to ♥♥♥♥ing cosplay for a disgusting male's enjoyment. ♥♥♥♥ this game. ♥♥♥♥ anyone who actually likes this game. you people are disgusting and natural selection will breed u out.
,Not Recommended,209370,19558722,"Posted: 7 December, 2015",all,Francis,"A lot of words in this game, but none of them start with ""g"" and end with ""oblet."" I'm disappointed as I had heard good things. How can you write so many words without even mentioning goblets?"
,Recommended,209370,32607222,Posted: 20 June,all,Steel Sausage,gud
,Not Recommended,209370,8757333,"Posted: 18 January, 2014",all,MurderFuck Kingdom,"It presents a poignant and interesting narrative about misogyny before slipping and falling on its own anime, butchering the impact and message in the process."
,Not Recommended,209370,1596551,"Posted: 3 August, 2012",all,DDRJake,It's not very good.
,Recommended,209370,136337,"Posted: 28 August, 2012",all,1kimon0,"Maximum anti-misogyny historical sci-fi VN which is capable of taking itself not too serious, with the many-worlds interpretation thing going on just like any classic eroge.Also a remake of a free game Digital: A Love Story, which is too well-received that many people criticise Analogue for not being better than that. It is not true, though, since while Digital has its simplicity as its beauty, Analogue is far more complex (and longer in length) than Digital, which makes them somewhat incomparable with each other.Also a Yuri game, which this world has too few of.tl;dr: buy it."
,Not Recommended,209370,22764279,"Posted: 2 May, 2016",all,falchion,"Awful text wall. Presentation is low key.Binary option yes/no, forced to agree with AI or else the game stops. I mistook it for a story, not a propaganda piece admonishing the PATRIARCHY.Read a couple of reviews on the sequel, got the bundle (the above wasnt mentioned). Was trying to dodge the nude dating sims but yeah..."
76561197985704187,Not Recommended,209370,9941240,"Posted: 26 April, 2014",all,Michael Fassbender,I REGRET EVER INSTALLING THIS
,Recommended,209370,4443668,"Posted: 24 December, 2012",all,Spanky Pie,"At first, I was just reading. Then I got hooked. There is a good bit of reading (a lot, actually), but if you're a fan of great stories and great story-telling, you'd probably enjoy this game."
,Not Recommended,209370,2386374,"Posted: 23 July, 2012",all,obitom,"Really really strange game. It's like a text-dectective game?! You research and read a lot of information and try to deduce who did what and why.The game is set in some remote future from all i can see, in a strange society where you have to find out how things went from bad to worse.Oh... and it's Korean, so the names are difficult to grasp which makes it all a bit more difficult, but also more strange.No i can't really recommend this game unless your very curious or weird!"
,Recommended,209370,8527880,"Posted: 2 January, 2014",all,Tim Timsen,"8.5/10I'm pretty inexperienced when it comes to Visual Novels, since I've only played Katawa Shoujo which is quite different to this, but I've got to say this game is pretty interesting, weird, cute, scary, funny and especially weird.The whole thing may be limited to only 2 ""datable"" characters (e.g. Katawa Shoujo has 5 1/2 and I guess most VNs have more than 2 anyway), but damn, you have to be careful with what you say.http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=211757985AND what you do. Because you actually control a computer. You can always bring up a console to type in specific commands that you either have right at the start or have to unlock throughout the game.http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=211722207You could disable certain sections of the ship or cut the power to the memory cores (in case you haven't read that far into the game's description, both *Hyun-ae and *Mute are AIs), which Idon'trecommend.You can even beat the game in a few minutes, because all you need is the master password which you get after a bit of clicking (or a quick research on the Internet; do NOT do that, I'm serious), but then you'll miss the opportunity to become acquainted with *Hyun-ae and *Mute, which I, again, do NOT recommend, because that also means missing out on hilarious conversations, silly comments and mind-blowing plot twists.http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=211736337And of course the endings. There's 5 of them, so there goes the replayability question.All of this + a soundtrack that changes whenever the mood goes down the crapper or straight into heaven (with hearts and all that stuff), what else would you want?And to top it all, although this game is nothing but text and changing facial expressions and music... it's touching.You'll either smile, mourn or even shed a tear with the characters, especially when you get to know them better.[Get it or regret it]"
76561198073351897,Not Recommended,209370,31495831,Posted: 1 May,all,Renegade Demon,"Low quality, low effort. Stick to the real thing."
,Recommended,209370,31597996,Posted: 7 May,all,Top Nep,"く__,.ヘヽ.　　　　/　,ー､ 〉＼ ', !-─‐-i　/　/´／｀ｰ'　　　 L/／｀ヽ､/　 ／,　 /|　 ,　 ,　　　 ',ｲ 　/ /-‐/　ｉ　L_ ﾊ ヽ!　 iﾚ ﾍ 7ｲ｀ﾄ　 ﾚ'ｧ-ﾄ､!ハ|　 |!,/7 '0'　　 ´0iソ| 　 ||.从""　　_　　 ,,,, / |./ 　 |ﾚ'| i＞.､,,__　_,.イ / 　.i 　|ﾚ'| | / k_７_/ﾚ'ヽ,　ﾊ.　|| |/i 〈|/　 i　,.ﾍ |　i　|.|/ /　ｉ： 　 ﾍ!　　＼　|kヽ>､ﾊ 　 _,.ﾍ､ 　 /､!!'〈//｀Ｔ´', ＼ ｀'7'ｰr'ﾚ'ヽL__|___i,___,ンﾚ|ノﾄ-,/　|___./'ｰ'　　!_,.:"
76561198003952569,Not Recommended,209370,25941221,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,foobywalla,I'm stupid so I get lost in all the feudal korean names and families.  I want my time back.
,Recommended,209370,25722030,"Posted: 27 September, 2016",all,hauser,not bad somewhat
76561197990237926,Not Recommended,209370,12471254,"Posted: 12 October, 2014",all,runningtargetzombiebait,"6/10I kept waiting for something interesting to happen, believing that the concept had legs, but it was just Chuck Testa.10/10 for Chuck Testa fooling me into thinking this game was alive."
,Not Recommended,209370,30425134,Posted: 10 March,all,[eN] Thief^,"I'm not sure I can recommend this game. It's a nice (if brief) diversion from more action-oriented games, but has a hell of a lot of reading with confusing names that I found very difficult to work out who was who, and unusually little in the way of graphics even for a visual novel."
,Not Recommended,209370,26177300,"Posted: 22 October, 2016",all,nasryus,"Screw that, I'm not gonna read all that♥♥♥♥♥♥"
,Recommended,209370,30401035,Posted: 8 March,all,∀uri,We can all agree that *Mute is perfect waifu material.
,Recommended,209370,3910203,"Posted: 29 March, 2013",all,Theodore,"This is an absolutely awesome game!! A lot of reading, but definately worth it!!! Solid story, lovable characters, and multiple endings <3"
76561198001163837,Recommended,209370,2028409,"Posted: 27 March, 2013",all,Madcat,"A well put together story, and once you start to unravel what happened aboard the ship and the final fate of its inhabitants, you can't help but feel sorry and a bit sad over what happened. The basic premise of looking though personal logs to discover the fate of the crew doesn't sound that interesting at first, but you gain a wonderful insight into a different culture that has originated aboard this ship and you can't help but click to find out more.Give the demo a whirl and see if you get bitten by the story bug ^_^"
,Recommended,209370,1379535,"Posted: 30 June, 2012",all,Asagi,bought this as a give it a try absolutely loved this game recomend it to anyone that would like a nice change of pace from gameplay to story
,Recommended,209370,10487070,"Posted: 15 June, 2014",all,FollowtheChris,"A strong Visual Novel, with good replay value and the interesting addition of a command line interface for certain actions. You can essentially get the entire story from either AI's viewpoint, depending on what choices you make. Once you've reached the end, there will absolutely be pieces of the story that you didn't see the first time, and entirely new scenes that you can find by replaying it. If you're looking to pick up all the achievements, that will keep you playing through a few more times -- and it was still fun all the way to the end."
,Recommended,209370,10487640,"Posted: 15 June, 2014",all,Felix the Fox,"This was an interesting, thought provoking story. I enjoyed the historical references to Korea, and the unique take on how to display it. Fun, witty, and a little bit flirty, the story is a good mystery, and you're there to solve it."
,Recommended,209370,1639251,"Posted: 30 June, 2012",all,therationalpi,"More of a Visual Novel than a game, but a very interesting one if you have any interest in the concept gender roles, especially in a feudal society."
76561197970722976,Recommended,209370,452690,"Posted: 24 July, 2012",all,Didi_Meow,"Very well written, and has some intriguing game concepts in regards to how you can make a Virtual Novel more interactive.  Imagine reading a book and having to coax the writer to reveal more of the true story!  Impossible for fiction, but in a game/VN it fits perfectly.  It took me two hours to finish and I imagine if I wanted to see all the endings and extras (the game keeps track of all em), it would take me an additional hour and a half."
,Recommended,209370,10455004,"Posted: 12 June, 2014",all,BREAD,"I wasn't sure about this game at first, then I had some extra money and thought I would try it out. It's great. Get it if you like visual novels. If you don't like reading, don't get it. The characters are lovable, the story is tense and you want to keep researching the ship's past. It took me 5+ hours to get through the story, didn't quite 100% it, but it owuldn't have taken much longer. It's a great game, and so far the second is as well."
,Recommended,209370,8555617,"Posted: 4 January, 2014",all,hyperlibrary,One of my top six favorite visual novels ever.
,Recommended,209370,2317632,"Posted: 22 July, 2012",all,The Cheat,Text adventure with a dash of transhumanism.
,Recommended,209370,8419429,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,sleppy returns,Probably one of my favorite visual novels 0/10
,Recommended,209370,126211,"Posted: 3 September, 2012",all,FriendGaru,Wonderfully thought-provoking.
,Recommended,209370,8390475,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,ＷＨＩＴＥＧＩＲＬＳ@ＧＹＭ,"Went into this game a little bit wary of the suspect ""smart"" interface of this visual novel and it's korean roots. However, I came out thoroughly impressed. Definitely give this game a try; you will be hooked for sure!"
,Recommended,209370,8396085,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,A.,"For what it's worth, this is a very good Visual Novel that has a few problems that arise from being a game. The story is excellent, but definitely on the depressing side. It's wonderfully done and the A.I's that accompany you on the journey were excellently written. The issue arises with the override terminal that's in the game. If you don't have some idea on how to already use a computer terminal in this way, you definitely will have issues, like I did, especially in the later stages of the game where you must use the thing in order to advance in the game with a time limit. It's frustrating and annoying and something that definitely didn't need to be there. If this game was more along the lines of it's sequel, Hate Plus, it would have been alot better. But the fact that there's an element to give it more of a game feel ironically makes it a worse game than it should have been. Still a good game and worth the 10 dollars I spent on it. But that terminal did not need to be there at all."
76561197995765122,Recommended,209370,1642831,"Posted: 30 April, 2012",all,Mediocrity,"Before you go any further, a primer: This is a game that is designed to be finished like a book. It is not one where you pit your -supposed- skills against computer- or human-controlled opponents. It offers a fairly refreshing twist to the way stories are normally told.First off, let me say upfront that if action is all that matters to you (and/or you're not a fan of visual novels), don't even bother looking at this game - you're entirely incompatible with it and simply won't think much of it, so save yourself time and don't bother with the demo (or reading the rest of this review). In fact, the screenshots on the game's page are all you will ever see in the game, the rest is up to your imagination. You won't see theMugunghwaor its interior, nor your own ship's. There is no voice acting, and all you will ever interact with are two AI individuals, and an override terminal through which you can switch between the two and perform some other tasks.However, if you are willing to look beyond that, the storyline is actually pretty interesting. It's really hard to explain it without spoiling anything, and I think the description on the game's page does a fairly good job of explaining the context. I recommend giving the demo a go, it's well worth your time if you're willing to look deeper than the seemingly simple first impression - I was already captivated by the storyline in the demo, and so much so that it successfully persuaded me to get the full game.Unfortunately, if you're still unfamiliar with the names, the questions the AI occasionally asks of your opinion will sometimes catch you off guard as you struggle to recall who they're talking about, and the inability to refer to the family tree at that juncture only serves to compound the problem.At some point in the game, the override terminal will temporarily become an integral part ofyourstory, so don't forget how to use it (although it should be easy to figure out how). It would be nice if it supported tabbed commands (i.e. pressing tab to autocomplete partially entered commands) and command history (i.e. using the up and down cursor keys to speed up entry of repeated commands) just like its real life counterparts, since at the abovementioned point in the game, you'll find yourself typing largely the same commands over and over.All in all, a piece well worthy of your time."
,Recommended,209370,893787,"Posted: 4 August, 2013",all,Exiled Claptrap,"Short, but an interesting thing to read for the right sale price."
,Recommended,209370,1596780,"Posted: 28 March, 2013",all,waffleking101,"It's a visual novel. What more can I say?If you like the genre then there is a good chance that you will enjoy it, the art is decent (it's actually good, there just isn't much of it), and the story line and dialogue are good as well. Not the best visual novel that I have played, but definitely worth around 5 - 7$."
,Recommended,209370,1096032,"Posted: 1 May, 2012",all,Pyyhkari,"I took a look at Christine Love's Google+ stream, in which she says that the *first draft* of the game had some 57000 words. So yes, there's a lot to read. I have now found two of the endings (one being the premature one) and I have, apparently, read altogether about 87% of all the entries in the game, so there's still things for me to do. So far, I've spent 3.1 hours on the game.Adventure games are often ""disposable"" - play through it once and you're done. Sure, you won't be playing this as much as a multiplayer FPS, but I'd expect the second playthrough being far more interesting than it was in, say, Syberia.Of course, if you're the type to throw ""tl;dr"" around like rice at a wedding, you're not going to like this. If not, well, I suggest you give the demo a shot. It took me 40 minutes to clear, and I think the demo was quite indicative of what the rest of the game would be like."
,Recommended,209370,9143859,"Posted: 16 February, 2014",all,GGG,Mindbreak trap. (~@A@)~
,Recommended,209370,9147102,"Posted: 16 February, 2014",all,Swiggity Swooty Lux's Booty,"This title was particularly surprising to me.So far I've only had the chance to play through one ending, however, even that has made me want to play the sequel, in fact, as soon as I'm done typing this, it's going to the top of my wishlist.I have little experience with visual novels, so I'm not in any position to compare it to others. However, based on novel, and games, and any other form of story-telling, this game holds it's own. To me, it feels like uncovering the lost lore of the fallout universe, paired with a rather well done romance system, that leaves you wanting to play the game until you've gotten every ending.*very minor spoilers*The story begins with you being told to go investigate the wreckage of a ship, and download as many data logs as you can find. When you go to access the main console, you are told that you need a password to be given administrator access in order to download them. However, even after finding the password, you're not going to download the files and leave. The AI commentary, and the story behind the ship being wrecked are absolutely rivoting, and at the end, you'll find yourself a little depressed if you didn't find %100 of the ship's logs. So, even though I got this game on sale, I would have paid full price for this game in a heartbeat if I knew it was this incredible.If you like visual novels, then buy it, and never regret it."
,Recommended,209370,8988922,"Posted: 5 February, 2014",all,Lanthalona,"Analogue: A Hate Story is simply put one of the most impressive visual novels ever to come from a Western developer. It is an emotional roller-coaster from start to finish that swings everywhere between playful fun and horrified disbelief.It is hard to summarise the story without spoiling anything, but I'll try doing so by saying that it's a story about the devolution of society as we know it now into complete and utter patriarchy where the women themselves believe that their rightful place is in the service of their husbands. The only exception to that is our heroine who provides most of dialogue and commentary on the individual files.Speaking of files (and correspondence), those are the primary narrative tool that Christine Love employed to tell the story. That is perhaps the most unique aspect of Analogue, when it comes to the storytelling. Instead of exposition through dialogue, which is the most typical form of exposition in visual novels, we are greeted by a wonderful system which makes the game feel more like a literary work when compared to its run-of-the-mill counterparts and allows you to form your own opinion on the matter, rather than forcing that of the characters on you. Dialogue of course is in the game, but the amount of characters is minimal and they mostly provide commentary in which they express their own personal stance on the situation explored in the entry.The file system, though, was also the source of my biggest problem with the game. It may be due to my own incompetence, but I did manage to get myself stuck at a point where I was clueless as to how to gain access to the rest of the files, which was also the reason why I had the game sitting on my hard drive for months only 2/3 finished, because once I lost track of the story, it was a bit of a challenge to get myself back on track again. Today I finally gathered enough courage to try and get back on the story-train and I simply blitzed through it. The story left a deep impression in me and for those unsure about buying this game, yes, it was worth every penny.PS: Can't wait to start finally playing Hate Plus!PPS: Christine Love, your Twitter is one of the coolest places on the Internet!Edit: Spelling"
76561198049161447,Recommended,209370,8696799,"Posted: 13 January, 2014",all,Star Slayer,"This was the first visual novel that I ever played and I had no idea what was waiting for me. An intense and great story, that's what! Presenting it as a video game (going with a very lax definition of ""game"" here) made it far more gripping and impactful than it would have been as a book. This is how interactive storytelling needs to be used! I am certain that the very unusual gameplay of this genre and the anime look of the characters won't appeal to everyone though."
76561198024970048,Recommended,209370,9147552,"Posted: 16 February, 2014",all,Chiquihuite,"Two things that you should know about this game-#1: It's a text adventure. If the idea of immersing yourself in a game that's almost entirely about reading turns you off, then this game is not for you.#2: It tells a story within a story. The inner layer is fixed and makes up the bulk of the experience, but the outer layer is driven by your choices and works to shape how you experience the inner layer in a way that's really engaging.The whole thing is really well-crafted and has a surprising emotional impact. You get pulled in a lot of directions by vastly different perspectives of the two AI personalities you interact with.My only complaint is that at one point I got stuck and couldn't figure out what to do next for quite a while. It took me a while to figure out that I could show previously-read entries to the other AI who hasn't seen them and get a different response. A small interface tweak would likely have been enough to help me discover that much sooner.Anyway, this was overall a great experience for me. It achieves immersion in a way that I've never seen another text adventure pull off. If you enjoy text adventures, or even think you could, then you should totally play this one."
76561198111903986,Recommended,209370,9148813,"Posted: 16 February, 2014",all,Hovis,This game at first baffled and confused the hecl outa me but after playing it and slowly learning what to do and how to interact with the characters it's become one of my best bought games. The story was brilliant and i really wanted to know what happened and what came next and honestly i just found it great to play. I have never felt compelled to do a serious review before but this game caught me off guard with it's story and simplicity. 10/10 please be a sequel
,Recommended,209370,9151211,"Posted: 16 February, 2014",all,Lissyl,"Deep story, loved the game!  And the second one is really good too!"
,Recommended,209370,9151559,"Posted: 16 February, 2014",all,kowaikillah,"A hella fun read.Multiple routes, intriguing story and characters.Had a tonne of fun playing detective reading all the backlogs.Get's pretty touchy feely with some of the topics (albiet being well written) can say it pulled the heartstrings every once in a while.Highly Reccomended!"
,Recommended,209370,9163738,"Posted: 17 February, 2014",all,Sergeant at Jamz,"Very interesting concept of a game. Revovles around a spaceship lost to time, and you have to get records that showed what happened to the ship that left two AI's in control, with the whole crew dead. Strangely, this is set up more like a JRPG Dating sim in that you have to confer with the two of them on topics ranging from sex to murder, leading to some....interesting conversations.If you don't mind reading a lot, the story is actually pretty well written, and the dialouge (Besides some of the love parts) are pretty well written. Worth the few bucks."
76561198039766894,Recommended,209370,9165002,"Posted: 17 February, 2014",all,Not a Dragunov [Vin Howard],"Word Count: 59,000 wordsSetting: Set thousands year into the future, a pre-FTL colony ship from the 2000's, the Mugunghwa has been found.  As it's disappearance is an unsolved mystery of history, you are assigned to retrieve from the derelict any and all logs that might reveal what happened to the ship.Remote accessing the direlect's central computer, you meet two AI who help you navigate the logs, left behind by the long deceased crew.Gameplay: Like you would expect from a NV, the game is HEAVILY text-based.  The opening has you interfacing with a really basic computer interface (the override terminal), where you have to type out the commands; for example ""enable_ai [name].""From there, the game proceeds to a slick, minimalistic interface.  The currently active AI stands to left, and on the right are buttons to talk to the AI, access the log documents, and return to the override terminal.  (It also contains recently read messages and the ""Exit"" and ""Options"" buttons on the bottom right).Dialogue with the AI is handled through ""chat bubbles,"" while your responses are limited to two choices (typical of a ""yes or no"" or ""agree or disagree"" variety).  The majority of the game, however, is spent reading the logs, letter, diary entries, ect, of the crew.  Only a few of these logs are initially available.  But you have the ability to show these logs to the AI's, to which they will give a response, often unlocking related material.Another thing of note is that during conversations with the AI, *Hyun-ae in particular, the ""chat bubble"" will often proceed to fill up with text, only to have the ""bubble"" suddenly flicker, part of the text gone to replaced by something different.My overall views on the interface is that it does it's job.  It's clever, minimalist,and streamlined, allowing you to focus on the story itself.Story aka the part when the review really beginsWhile being set far, far into the future, the story is actually about history.  To be more specific, it is about the the civilisation of the crew which, having been separated from any outside influences for hundreds of years, have adapted a Joseon Dynasty-like society.  (It should also be noted that all the crew are descendants of Korea)The story can be divided into two what I like to call ""arcs,"" (the correct terminology might be ""path,""  but I feel the word ""arc"" better expresses how I viewed them), the *Hyun-ae Arc and the *Mute Arc.  Each arc is the sum total of the logs that particular AI provide and the input they give concerning those logs.*Hyun-ae Arc:   What I consider to be the primary arc, this Arc focuses on the Pale Bride and the Kim family, to which she belonged.  To be blunt, I didn't really enjoy this arc all this much.  It relies heavily on culture shock and plot twists, to shock the player into having the desired emotions of disgust, sorrow, and empathy, and to communicate the ideas and thoughts behind the arc.   Unfortunately, I already have had a general knowledge of this type of culture, and I found myself able to predict the major plot twists well in advance.  As a result, I never felt any shock (although I will give the story credit for momentarily making my sick to my stomach when I realized what the last plot twist was).This problem compounds with the issue that the arc really has only one character, the Pale Bride.  Almost all the logs in the arc are there only because they mention the Pale Bride (or were written by her), and the arc's AI, *Hyun-ae, only really humanizes the Pale Bride, only giving generalist descriptions of the other characters involved.  That is fine, that's what this arc is about, the Pale Bride and her alone.  But the problem is, to truly enjoy the arc, you need to sympathize with the Pale Bride.  But the only way the story makes you sympathise with the character is via shock, once again bringing us to the issue stated above.Overall without that all important shock factor, this arc felt try dry and uninspiring.  It is, however, very detailed and realistic in its presentation of the ship's society, and it proves to be a fairly interesting experience (it caused me to lose a night's sleep, in fact).*Mute Arc:  This arc focuses on the Smith family, and *Mute's relationship with them.  In contrast to the *Hyun-ae Arc, this arc focuses on humanization of its characters, something it pulls of wonderfully.  As a close friend of the Smith family, much of *Mute's dialogue focus on trying to get the player to better understand the members of the Smith, to not only see the bad in them, but also see the good.  Via *Mute's feedback, each life.  They were all flawed; many of them did horrible things; but it also made you realize that they weren't necessarily people.  It made you better understand the circumstances that accompanied their actions, their feelings, their motives.  It is this humanization that made me love this arc.Summary & Recommendation: A slick, streamlined interface; a story with a highly detailed society based on an actual society in our past; a ""primary"" arc that relies heavily on a shock factor, without which the arc is uninspiring (but still fairly interesting); and a secondary ""arc"" that does a great job of humanizing it's character, of presenting characters that are deeply flawed but not necessarily bad people.Analogue: A Hate Story is a fascinating and entertaining experience.  If you are looking for a good story, this VN comes with my full recommendation."
,Recommended,209370,9169253,"Posted: 18 February, 2014",all,Clesius of Nox,"This game... Got it through the Valentine's day sale, and am I happy that I did. Interesting mechanics, lovable AI, and a compelling stary make this a must-play.I'm gonna go cry now..."
,Recommended,209370,9157689,"Posted: 17 February, 2014",all,HelloHelloHollow,*Hyun-ae best girl
,Recommended,209370,6004374,"Posted: 29 December, 2012",all,3ND14P3,"Like a K-drama, it keeps you glued to the screen, wanting to know more and more. Very cool way to tell this intriguing, but sad story."
,Recommended,209370,9160572,"Posted: 17 February, 2014",all,Thirtoon,"Definitly worth the buy on -%50 sale. Help but feel a little bored with it already. I've only owned it for 3 days and have unlocked all logs, all endings, and all achievements."
,Recommended,209370,9161274,"Posted: 17 February, 2014",all,Old Man Strikerbolt,"So, going into this, I wasn't expecting much.  Just another VN maybe.But honestly, this is one of the most amazing stories I have ever had the pleasure of moving through.Get this game.  Play it.  Read.  Enjoy.  Cry."
,Recommended,209370,9161482,"Posted: 17 February, 2014",all,любитель пениса,You will never have a murderous AI waifu that you rescue from a space colony before it gets destroyed in a nuclear explosion. ;_;
,Recommended,209370,9162489,"Posted: 17 February, 2014",all,Raven,I have a very strong attraction to *Hyun-ae. Seriously. I love her. I love her story. I love her personality. Just. <3333333
,Recommended,209370,7797059,"Posted: 27 November, 2013",all,Celaris Archmage Ascended,"This... has got to be my favorite game. i will say that but the thing is, it's a unique game, in terms of immersion, it actually feels like im in the future trying to read the logs of a long lost ship. it's a really intruiging game and i reccomend it to anyone who can appreciate a plot."
,Recommended,209370,9039098,"Posted: 9 February, 2014",all,Jelly Fox,"This is a real hidden gem of a game, and the sequel is even better. There are very limited choices when it comes to the visual novel genre on Steam, but this is well worth the find. You play as a lonely investigator sent into deep space to sort out the mystery of a ship in which the entire crew was murdered. It might sound like the plot of a horror game, but believe me it's nothing like that. You start out typing commands into a computer prompt, figuring out how to maneuver through the operating system. Later you'll come to meet the two remaining members of the ship: two AI girls known as Hyun-ae and Mute. The two have very different opinions on what happened; and their conflicting stories will add to your dilemma. You spend the rest of the game rather tediously sorting through encrypted ship logs one by one...the only boring part of the game, really. Reading each log is immensely interesting, though; like reading a rich novel filled with romance, political intrigue, drama and suspense. You will also interact with the girls a lot; who you believe, the choices you make, what logs you decide to show to them and how you answer your question will guide the story to it's conclusion. I don't want to give anything else away plot wise because the story is really THAT good. Christine Love is a genius, and this game is a breath of fresh air in the VN world."
76561198124861269,Recommended,209370,9672548,"Posted: 30 March, 2014",all,silenttrimity,"While I don't usually play that many visual novels, I was extremely interested upon reading the premise of the story. And I was glad I did play it. The story was extremely interesting to read, even when I got the hang of who was who and what not. The only problem was me spending about an hour trying to figure out what to do after talking to the first AI and not knowing how to change  the personalities, a mistake on my part xD.Regardless though, the story is extremely interesting to read."
76561197966364261,Recommended,209370,240643,"Posted: 18 June, 2012",all,CoolMatthew,Good emotional story with enough character interaction to get you invested.  Lot's of reading.  Just enough command line gameplay to be fun without needing deep machanics.
,Recommended,209370,1402538,"Posted: 29 June, 2012",all,Hooper_X,"Checking dead people's emails has never been more captivating.  Low on flash, big on story.  If you believe games can become art, you gotta check this one out."
,Recommended,209370,832056,"Posted: 28 June, 2012",all,ShinseiTom,"If you like reading an engaging story not necessarily in chronological order, then piecing it all together yourself, well... I recommend this.  Just be aware this is a Visual Novel.  It is not for those who want real ""gameplay"", and its presentation in log format can be a bit dry at first.  Highly recommend trying the demo.It had an actually fairly frightening (and other emotions) story too, if a little hard to keep names straight.  I'd also recommend Digital: A Love Story.  Completely different in subject and presentation without any choices, but just as great.  And free!"
,Recommended,209370,1225402,"Posted: 18 August, 2012",all,kumozero,"very interesting story this game has, multiple endings, unknown twists, lots of puzzling events, one of the best visual novels i've ever played :)"
,Recommended,209370,5222637,"Posted: 14 July, 2012",all,Crowsephian,"I really fell in love with the unique style of storytelling and character growth. The game has you gradually exploring and expanding on the experiences of those long past to uncover a startling mystery. The characters in the game each have a unique and very distinctive personality. Once I picked it up, I couldnt put it down- luckily a full playthrough is only about 2-3 hours."
76561198015322679,Recommended,209370,2973504,"Posted: 21 August, 2013",all,teppou schenok (Eng),"this is the most disturbing game i have ever played, it draws every emotion there is and then turns it all to guilt and hate and sadness and depravity, i seriously had to restrain and calm myself playing, buy at your own risk for one hell of a reward"
,Recommended,209370,12191958,"Posted: 22 September, 2014",all,MOOMANiBE,A wonderful - and often painful - cultural story couched in the form of an anime visual novel. Even those not normally into the genre will find a lot to like here. Just make sure you enjoy lots of reading!
,Recommended,209370,6124854,"Posted: 17 March, 2013",all,Twitch Fawkes,"Analogue: A Hate Story is a peculiar beast. It's not really a game but more like an interactive story. To The Moon can be considered as an interactive story as well but compared to Analogue, they are much different. Analogue is known as a 'visual novel'. A story that uses music, artwork and animations (although very few) to move the story along. In other words, you don't really do anything. You don't jump, shoot or hit things with a crowbar. All you do is point, click and read. If you find that frustrating, then this definitely isn't for you.Analogue can be deemed as a horror story but it doesn't deal with blood, monsters or zombies. It takes themes like biogtry and misogyny and really digs deep into those themes to showcase the disasterous effect it has on a society. What's interesting is that the story based upon old Korean society. However, the story is not always intense. There are some comedic moments and such. The story is an engrossing one and really pulls you in once you get into it. It's short but that's okay since I feel this is a game you can enjoy on a saturday afternoon. If you like to read, enjoy looking at cute anime girls or enjoying an engrossing story on corrupt society, then give this a try."
76561198009068740,Recommended,209370,2544634,"Posted: 3 August, 2012",all,Stannis the Mannis,"An indie game that relies on text to communicate it's story. You play a hacker assigned to retrieve data from a vessel that went missing centuries ago. It makes you feel like you're a hacker in a old computer system, trawling through files and occasionally figuring out puzzles.It also has roleplaying elements as you are forced to interact with the ship's AI personalities whilst discovering (through questioning and reading) what happened on the ship. If you're a fan of anime and asian culture (specifically Korean? I think) then the depth the story takes you will be fascinating, if you're not as interested then you'll get tired of it pretty quick.Upside, it's cheap and it's really short. There are multiple endings and the game has a deep story, if you're interested. If none of this sounds appealing, or if reading large slabs of text on screen troubles you, avoid this game."
,Recommended,209370,5196758,"Posted: 6 May, 2012",all,Techon,"A really good game for those of the hear, continue to play on aspects such as loss and justice. Contains a strong plot with a bunch of twists and turns that those may not expect. As well as a puzzle or two. Great game for those casual players who have a deep heart."
,Recommended,209370,603683,"Posted: 8 May, 2012",all,Lemmingski,"That... was enthralling.  I rarely get that emotional about anything, let alone a computer game.  It feels diminutive to categorise it as a computer game at all.  I take that as a sign that indie games really are burning the envelope and forging the ashes into diamonds."
,Recommended,209370,4395415,"Posted: 29 June, 2012",all,CrimsonHalo808™,"""Why did you kill all those people?""This was one of the first times asking a question in a game had me so scared. It was simply due to the fact that I didn't want to know the answer, scared not only for my own sake, but for the sake of the AI that I was asking the question.""Analogue: A Hate Story"" lives up to it's name. It boils down to the notion of hatred, and how everything went to♥♥♥♥♥♥by the time you arrived at the scene. Its a genre blender, featuring Computer Console commands, and CSI detective work in a game that seemed to be billed as a visual novel/dating sim.You are a information contractor, who has the job of retrieving the data files of the ""Mugunghwa"", the korean spaceship colony that dissappeared hundreds of years ago and was barely found on your companie's sensors. How you choose to handle the story is up to you.The story's path is rather appalling and tragic, but totally satisfying. The AI's are great characters too.Get this game."
,Recommended,209370,3617194,"Posted: 12 July, 2012",all,astarinel,"I know visual novel games aren't for everyone, but this is a really engaging sci-fi story with some interesting twists. Lots of interesting reading to do and fun characters to interact with!"
,Recommended,209370,3166425,"Posted: 12 July, 2012",all,Hagen,A great visual novel. Great story and great characters.
,Recommended,209370,2494209,"Posted: 14 April, 2013",all,VoidNull,Strange in many aspects but still quite decent visual novel. Vndb 6\10.
,Recommended,209370,2005229,"Posted: 21 July, 2013",all,Scorpius289,"A pretty good Visual Novel!Kinda short, but otherwise fine.Nice clean graphics, emulating a computer from the future.The soundtrack is great, and fitting for the various game situations.A heads-up for those who don't know what a Visual Novel is: As the name suggests, it's more of a novel than a game. So it involves a lot of reading and little action."
,Recommended,209370,505396,"Posted: 1 April, 2013",all,{5LINE}Cows with Guns,"At best, I am slightly positive about this game. At worst, I am ambivalent.The game at its core is a visual novel based on Korean comics (made by Americans and/or some westerners as far as I can tell).2.50$ for 6 hours was an acceptable bargain; I've heard there will be some DLCs but it is unlikely I would pay more than 5$ for if the duration will be short.What I hope for is for Valve to actually go into the Asian market and negotiate with some developers there (Softstar, Eushully, Aqua-leaf, etc.) and introduce some games from overseas.Well, I can only hope so."
,Recommended,209370,9619661,"Posted: 24 March, 2014",all,flamgod,"I picked this up on a whim and was blown away at how unique and creative the story was. I'd advise, though, if you get this to get the sequel : Hate Plus. +1"
,Recommended,209370,2748772,"Posted: 12 July, 2012",all,Solitude,Something different.  If you like reading then this is definitely worth trying out.
,Recommended,209370,9372717,"Posted: 7 March, 2014",all,LeithalWeapon,"Hyun-ae, do I love thee, oh let me count the ways...Analogue doesn't quite fit 'visual novel' as a category, but that's the closest name we've got. Because what Analogue really is, is a multi-faceted adventure story that you, the protaganist, can only read about - except of course, when it comes to life around you in the form of a ship's AI who was there at the time. The two AI, Hyun-ae and Mute, are gorgeous in their differences, and humorous in comparison, one showing somethings while hiding others and vice versa. And it's a good thing you've got these two (ONLY two? In a VN? But but... yeah. This is no ero story :P) chirpy and/or eager-to-please starbabes to guide you through the diaries of  the Mugungwe's last days because... Everyone will read something different into the historical world created, into the character of the Pale Bride, and into how everything comes to a conclusion. I, for one, fell helplessly in love with a fake AI in a game... so there's that.However you choose to enjoy the game, as an explorer, as a route seeker, as a completionist, there are hours of... entertainment, I won't always say enjoyment. Some messages are uncomfortable to hear and Christina Love does, once again, a wonderful job of giving us a rude awakening to things we might rather ignore.Read like a novel, this is harrowing and heartfelt. Read in role-play, truly reacting to and feeling with Hyun-ae... it'll darn near break your heart. All the recommends."
,Recommended,209370,10509553,"Posted: 17 June, 2014",all,Lesbian Chastity Mars Mission,Play this.Just play this. You owe it to yourself and to everyone you'll ever meet.
76561198036700249,Recommended,209370,4410480,"Posted: 7 January, 2013",all,sublime,Surprisingly in depth and touching storyline with a hint of sadness and severe sexism experienced with the characters within the story.... Well done to the makers!
,Recommended,209370,3360589,"Posted: 4 May, 2012",all,WeeabooJudas,"Make no mistake, this IS a visual novel, which implies that 90% of this will be reading.In particular, 90% of this will be reading about gender politics and self destruction in neo-feudal korea.Anyway, to the 5 people with steam accounts I didn't scare away, I find it is well-written thus far, and I would recommend a look to anyone with the patience."
,Recommended,209370,9027024,"Posted: 8 February, 2014",all,Evil Librarian,"what can i say about this game... well for one, it was throughly entertaining, though a bit short. i loved the characters (all 2 of them) that i got to interact with. changing how they saw the world, and making them understand other view points that throughly satisfying. reading over what happened to the crew and seeing how it affected the two AI's was pretty fun to. i'd give it 8 out of 10. the game was short, but the writing was soild, the premise entertaining, and the art beautiful."
76561198000389773,Recommended,209370,9128431,"Posted: 15 February, 2014",all,Kzinssie,about 5 hours before this game i declared to a friend that i would never have a waifu. now i have 2 and this game is to blame. 0/10
,Recommended,209370,9130723,"Posted: 15 February, 2014",all,『Berserker of El Dorado』,A beautiful if not depressing story that truly touches your heart.Harem Ending FTW.
,Recommended,209370,9133114,"Posted: 15 February, 2014",all,bob vila,good videdod game
76561198041476815,Recommended,209370,9133121,"Posted: 15 February, 2014",all,Butch Cocaine,I have to say I really enjoyed this game.
,Recommended,209370,9133482,"Posted: 15 February, 2014",all,Conrad Zero,"Analogue: A Hate Story is an interesting story experience. On a deep-space salvage mission, you unravel the story by digging through ship log files (similar to emails) and interacting with the two AIs (Artificial Intelligences) on board the ship. As you try to unlock all the log files and save the ship from destruction (curse nuclear reactor cores!) you will unveil a wealth of cultural knowledge, lies, sins, cosplay and more before reaching one of five possible endings. A quick and satisfying interactive story experience."
,Recommended,209370,9133625,"Posted: 15 February, 2014",all,Dead_Assembly,Great visual novel game with a riveting tale that the player is left to uncover.   Mulitple ends add some amount of replayabliity.
76561198014084259,Recommended,209370,9133760,"Posted: 15 February, 2014",all,Syrus Squishy,"This game is beautifully horrific. It's very deffinitely a deep and depressing read, but the endings I've gotten have all been well crafted, well-thought out and terribly perfect. The interactions with the AI pair only serve to make the story so much more affecting as more details of the story come to light... That said, I did choose to go into the sequel Hate Plus with the 'impossible harem' ending. It just seemed so much more... Happy than the other endings. There is happiness to be found here if you explore enough but... Well. There's some terrible things to discover beforehand. The Text Skip feature makes repeat play-throughs much easier too if you don't want to revist certain conversations or want to get to the next ending as fast as possible."
,Recommended,209370,3212535,"Posted: 2 August, 2012",all,*Toto,"Super sweet visual novel. If you like games with awesome narratives, I would check this out."
76561197972103428,Recommended,209370,9135984,"Posted: 16 February, 2014",all,Melchizedek,For a dating sim type game this is quite good.  It is sorta like researching an old korean drama very compelling
,Recommended,209370,9137103,"Posted: 16 February, 2014",all,Nemi,"Interesting little game, even though it is definitely a niche sort of experience, since it involves a lot of reading. While the story is average, the characters and some their reactions to the messages are quite charming."
,Recommended,209370,9137951,"Posted: 16 February, 2014",all,RETro,"If you're reading this on Valentine's day weekend, pick it up now, it's only $2 and it's amazing. If you're not, you should pick it up anyway, or be lame and wait for a sale. Either way, Analogue: A Hate Story is a game that on paper sounds terribly boring, and yet it is one of the deepest games I've played, and kept me hooked an entire weekend. In this game, you are not important. You are investigating the sudden reappearance of a long lost colony space ship. Hundreds of years later, it's entire crew is dead. The only intelligent being left is a very lonely AI, who you encounter when attempting to access the ship's mainframe. With her help, you investigate the ship's logs, and peer into the inner most thoughts of the ship's occupants. It's amazing how Cristine Love brings them to life. It starts innocent enough in attempting to solve the mystery of the ship's access codes, but then becomes a mystery: What happened to the ship's occupants turns into Who is the Pale Bride, and what happened to her? Then, your heart breaks. I highly, highly recommend that you try this game. If you've ever enjoyed a visual novel or an adventure game, there's a good chance you'll love it as much as I did. Christine Love is a master of story telling."
,Recommended,209370,1641781,"Posted: 5 June, 2012",all,[wcK]Your_Typical_Mental[CFO],"I didn't know what I was getting myself into when I first launched the Demo for Analogue: A Hate Story. All I knew was my opinions on visual novel games were shifting and I was in the mood for a sci fi story.My initial thoughts were thus...""What Da Fuq am I playing?!? I'm shifting through dead people's blog entries on a derelict space vessel that somehow became feudal Korea!?!? Why's the ship's AI dressed as a teenage schoolgirl and explaining how women weren't included into family trees to me!?!? I can't pronouce any of these goddamn names?!?!""It was borderline maddening, I felt like i was missing something and pressed on with the full game, hoping I would find the hidden meaning of Analogue.And man I did...Analogue, although appearing very basic, even rudimentry at face value; is one of the best, most cleverly written story I have ever enecountered in a game. What begun as what seemed an unassuring story twists into a dark, unsettlingly detailed tale about the lives of the people who lived centuries before you whose world inexplicably came to a sudden end. And as you read more you feel it, the mounting fear and tension inside you, unable to divine the story's next turn. As the tidbits of the plot are revealed non-linearly, you start conceiving your own nightmare scenario. Its a lot like reading a suspensful horror novel; its not the words that scare, its your own imagination that conjures the most unimagination thing possible. Thats what Analogue makes you do, it makes you visualize a world you cannot even relate too by our modern perspective and bias. Than add in what must be one of the scariest twenty minutes in my gaming life, as well as multiple endings; and what you have is a sublime testament to narrative, pacing and delivery in gaming, or storytelling for that matter."
,Recommended,209370,20875635,"Posted: 31 January, 2016",all,retrocheyenne,"I was going to bash this game. Mainly because I didn't realize it was a visual novel and not a game, and becuase it made me feel dirty at first. It's like a digital blow up doll. But then I married a mass murdering computer. It's okay I guess. 8/10."
76561198015518513,Recommended,209370,21401664,"Posted: 23 February, 2016",all,Artemis |Valkyrja|,Great game 10/10
,Recommended,209370,1473697,"Posted: 15 July, 2013",all,.Crabclaw,"Immersive, well-written and different. What you see is what you get though, keep that in mind if it doesn't seem all that intresting to you."
,Recommended,209370,21279468,"Posted: 17 February, 2016",all,AgentS7,"""Visual novel"" is a term that usually means ""campy dating sim."" I mean, there's nothing WRONG with a campy dating sim, coming from a guy who's played a few, but VNs rarely have the complexity one looks for in a novel.Analogueis...different. Once you brush past the moe anime trappings of the two AIs, you find a science fiction novel that would be right at home on a bookshelf with the works of Ursula K. LeGuin, Margaret Atwood, or a pre-awful-human-being Orson Scott Card.Analogueis, essentially, a virtual epistolary novel--a phrase which here means ""a book made of documents from random dudes/dudettes."" Much like the now-laudedHer Story, it's up to the reader to piece together what happened to wipe out an entire ship of potential planetary colonists. Here's a hint, folks: AWFUL THINGS.Both AIs--*Hyun-Ae and *Mute-- are engaging characters, but it's *Hyun-Ae who steals the show in this installment. (*Mute gets her own time to shine in the follow-up,Hate Plus.) *Hyun-Ae is likable, mysterious, and somehow unnerving all at once. As the player learns more about her, they begin to realize that there's quite a bit *Hyun-Ae is hiding...and *Mute might have good reason not to trust her.Analogueis, by the end of the story, one of the darkest games I've played. Even the joke ending can't erase the horrors that led an entire ship full of human beings to its death. Like a lot of great sci-fi (especially from the silver age and onward),Analogueuses the far future to talk about our present, and what lies immediately ahead. While it does (depending on your actions) end on a redemptive note, the story haunts you. I still think aboutAnaloguefrom time to time, and I can't say that for many games--indie or triple A. For that reason, I recommend this game wholeheartedly."
,Recommended,209370,21215406,"Posted: 14 February, 2016",all,Tori Jo Glow,"Loved this, interesting world, interesting story, will replay to unlock the bits I missed out."
76561197976175106,Recommended,209370,23473186,"Posted: 9 June, 2016",all,Imaginary Killer,Genocide has never been this moe.
,Recommended,209370,23773570,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,DaisyBuns,"I've only beaten it once, but it was a magnificent playthrough. It's like with Undertale and most games that change it's ending due to your picks, I wanted to end the game and finish it once with choices I've made without help or guidance. You won't regret getting this game."
,Recommended,209370,23838615,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,Gero,Enjoyable game if you like visual novels and going through e-mail messages piece by piece. Should only take about 5 hours to do a full play through. There is a confusing part of the game where you have to type commands in a prompt in the correct order to continue playing. I ended up having to use a walkthrough to get past it.
,Recommended,209370,23908784,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,Siever19,"Do you like:Tsundere AI's?Generation Ships?The Joseon Dynasty?If you said yes to all three then this is the game for you!A really nicely done visual novel with an interesting concept. The non-chronological order was a nice change of pace from other visual novels and the text-based-interface terminal portions make Analogue: A Hate Story more game-like, as well."
76561198018884372,Recommended,209370,3203176,"Posted: 28 July, 2012",all,Xenson,A fair visual novel game. Be prepared for some depressing story if you playing it.P.S. This is not for people who seeking action game =p
76561198065909511,Recommended,209370,23318001,"Posted: 31 May, 2016",all,sukht,It was a rather interesting VN with quite an interesting back story.
76561198016748899,Recommended,209370,3059796,"Posted: 30 April, 2012",all,Dr. William Dyer,This is the best $9.99 I've spent in a while.  Check it out.
76561198015121869,Recommended,209370,2959576,"Posted: 12 May, 2012",all,RichardHawk,Pretty good when I was drunk.  Heavy handed when I was sober.  Good writing and clever design!  Not bad
,Recommended,209370,215302,"Posted: 4 May, 2012",all,Masakari,"A moderately interesting story to it, but interactivity is at a minimum.  If you want a really good example of a visual novel with great interactivity and actual emotional attachment to characters, download 'don't take it personally babe, it just ain't your story'.  Same creator, but just a more enjoyable experience.Soundtrack was good, the plot is fascinating, it's just hard to recommend unless you *really* like visual novels."
,Recommended,209370,1706793,"Posted: 28 April, 2012",all,DarKshodaN,"Awesome Novel, love it .Great Story !i recommend it if you like to read graphic novels,don't expect a game , it's like reading a Book."
,Recommended,209370,482912,"Posted: 12 July, 2012",all,MuttonTime*:･ﾟ✧,Better than I expected; the story is told well and interesting enough to keep you reading.Also: 2D space waifu
,Recommended,209370,1496131,"Posted: 18 August, 2012",all,Vilinder the Dungeon Master,"The interactivity here is from little to none. But the things that are there make it even more impactful and make you feel like you're a character in this story. (Not a main character, tough): An experience you shouldn't miss."
,Recommended,209370,953362,"Posted: 28 July, 2013",all,『Lyh Flare』 - FΛLLΞИ,"Cute story, gotta pick it up again some time, i loved every moment of it, but got stuck at a hacking part. and was completely unable to proceed sadly.but i must give this a 7/10 so far, as i havent seen whats in the end YET! ;)"
,Recommended,209370,5126956,"Posted: 14 August, 2013",all,CanzarSlime,"By no means is this actually a game. It's a Visual Novel with text based directives, and holds a prfound story no matter your choices (minus downloading everything from the getgo or killing yourself). The story is extremely dark with only the 2 interactable and loveable characters to lighten the mood that this burdens the reader with. It's a harsh and realitsic story of how♥♥♥♥♥♥goes wrong. It's not for the faint of heart or of the younger age as this gets very explicit at the end (very graphic mention of lesbian ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s and intercourse). In general its a great story, an excellent food for thought and how we take what have for granted. Also you may enjoy copius amounts of ""cosplay"" or all the potienally laughable gender-confusion related ""deres"". I highly reccomend it for anyone looking for a good story that mixes harsh darkness with a cast that you can freely choose on whether to love or hate, as you may find something to hate in everyone. Also keep an eye for its to (or if the 19th already out) its sequel which will utilize the choices you made in this to continue the story. ""Let the Hateful Days Begin~"""
,Recommended,209370,16639484,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,Platinum,"Simple visual novel. There's only really 3 routes, and the whole game can be finished in an afternoon. A lot of the non-VN gameplay is just reading diary entries and emails, with the game's endings depending on the number of entries unlocked by a certain point in the story."
76561198014769366,Recommended,209370,13715140,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,FlightyBroad,"I really enjoyed it! a bit short for a VN, but overall a good read"
,Recommended,209370,13958269,"Posted: 12 January, 2015",all,v1t3k,"Really nice, enjoyed playing it"
,Recommended,209370,13961455,"Posted: 12 January, 2015",all,Baha,A visual novel that will make you fall in love with an AI (or not).Enjoyed the parts where you use a terminal (although they can be repetitive in the end) and the fact that Mugunghwa's society is based on the Joseon dinasty.
,Recommended,209370,14133357,"Posted: 23 January, 2015",all,markyftw,Fun stories are fun I stayed up late to play this and I have no regrets.
76561198092697663,Recommended,209370,13428914,"Posted: 18 December, 2014",all,I Have Many Names,"I just spent eight hours re-reading this story three times. No regrets, but I wanna go to bed"
,Recommended,209370,13575807,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,Help,"It makes an ingenious choice in placing the player in a role which fits into gameplay mechanics of many visual novel games, which is just reading a lot of text. You’re working remotely to uncover the final hours of spaceship wreckage by digging into its history log.As a visual novel game, it only has a few branches in the story, which isn’t all too impressive. The branching point only determines who you’ll end up with at very late game. It has a pseudo-command prompt game to break out of the monotony of reading history logs.As for the story, it provides a social commentary on gender issues and politics on a personal level in forms of diary entries. It doesn't really have a lot of hidden story which requires multiple playthroughs, and mainly sticks to one main story for the majority of the game.Overall, it is a good place to start exploring visual novel games, without being all too complicated with the decision trees. But on the flipside, lacks replayablity by having very little deviants on the story branches."
76561198009933486,Recommended,209370,13577579,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,Cpt. Gary [2RB],"If you like reading, and a good story, this game is for you. Sad, but inspiring - and very alien in how human it can be."
76561198019409084,Recommended,209370,13577748,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,xuenay,"Takes the trope of reconstructing past events by finding logs that others have left behind to its logical extreme, by having reading old logs be almost the sole content. Yet, manages to be intense. Could have been subtitled ""A Horror Story"" just as well, at least if you tend to strongly empathize with characters. The more I think of it, the creepier the story becomes."
76561198007900724,Recommended,209370,2473886,"Posted: 14 July, 2012",all,Martin-chan,"If you like playing Visual Novels, then you should try this game out.It is worth it!"
,Recommended,209370,16274571,"Posted: 9 June, 2015",all,Norcon72,"In every Sci-fi RPG, there will always be a level where you find yourself in some sort of abandoned mining colony/research facility/space ship/whatever, and as you explore it, there will inevitably be a collection of logs made by the people who lived there that allow you so slowly piece together what happened and why nobody is alive anymore. This is basically that experience in its own standalone game.Pros:-The writing is absolutely amazing, the story couldn’t be better.-Despite being a visual novel, a genre notorious for having very little gameplay, Analog manages to link story and gameplay in a way I’ve never seen in a VNCons:-The story is incredibly complex is a plethora of characters, I had to use physical notes to keep track of what everybody was and what happened with each of them-The gameplay can be quite unforgiven at times, for example, the object of the game is to unlock all the documents, and the way you do this is by asking one of the AIs their opinion on a document, and sometimes they’ll give you another one, but one of the first four documents you start with, if you ask the AIs’ thoughts on it, she’ll take it away, and there will be no way to get it back without restarting the game!"
76561198116585298,Recommended,209370,16543428,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,Don José,"Godfreakingdam, I wish I could have written this.As a VN, Analogue does really stands out. Gameplay is almost nonexistent, interactions are minimal and backgrounds are completely absent, but this minimalistic approach works so well for this game's atmosphere.The dialog is good, characters are deep and likeable, the narrative is superb, the themes are thrilling and the story as a whole is brilliant. Very few games can make you play them in one sitting, this is one of them. It has a sexist tone to it but it works so well because of the ""historical"" yuan or goreo type dynasties it displays.9/10. I would have liked to explore the ship, aside from that, buy this game."
,Recommended,209370,17948210,"Posted: 8 September, 2015",all,Speedball,"Time to take computer love stories to a whole new level.In this game your a guy, and you talk to girls.Well not real girlsJust fake onesWith real feelingsAnd you read some stuffAnd put in a few console commands, to give you that 'coder' feelYeah you feel like a real hero in this♥♥♥♥♥♥You save some peopleWell just oneOr two♥♥♥♥♥♥are niceNot like Nekoparabut Japanese enoughfor an American gameabout KoreansDecent story, pretty linear, Korean enough.5/10Sure why not."
,Recommended,209370,18005345,"Posted: 12 September, 2015",all,DarthFishy,Very Very very story rich :D
76561198048553853,Recommended,209370,18038869,"Posted: 14 September, 2015",all,Gen_kazzum,a hate story... yeah it really is that.. presented in a way that is hard to follow and understand.I really felt for the characters in this.. all of them even the ones you don't meet.honestly if you cant stand puzzles or reading this will not be for you but if you want to see the biggest perspective possible from both sides of the fence. this is a good story.besides... you know what they say about two sides of the same coin.
,Recommended,209370,18067308,"Posted: 16 September, 2015",all,Zaiaku,"I loved this story. Great storytelling and having Hyun-ae to ""Talk to"" just made it all the better.+1 would take her side again anyday!"
76561198135777420,Recommended,209370,17461897,"Posted: 9 August, 2015",all,Kiekow,"Analogue: A Hate Story is a visual novel that takes place as communications between an information salvager and the AIs of a long-forgotten ship. As you read through more and more of the ship's logs and see what they reveal about the people who once called it home, you become engrossed and utterly invested in the stories of their lives. As you know the fate of the ship's inhabitants from the beginning, you know, in the vaguest sense, how the story ends. But as you keep reading and asking questions, you find yourself wishing and hoping that things turn out alright for the people of the ship. It is like watching a snow globe fall to the floor in slow motion: a self-contained world slowly meets its doom and there's nothing that you can do to stop it. All that's left is to pick up the pieces."
,Recommended,209370,4612233,"Posted: 7 July, 2013",all,Yuudachi,Pretty decent (and short) Korean VN.
,Recommended,209370,17510635,"Posted: 12 August, 2015",all,CaptainQuinn,"Really interesting take on a VN, engaging story, decent characters and some interesting themes. Definately worth playing. 8/10"
,Recommended,209370,16837438,"Posted: 1 July, 2015",all,Celisasu,"For those not familiar with them, this game is a visual novel.  There's not much action and everything is about telling the story.  Your decisions effect where the story ends up.  The mechanics are a bit different than other visual novels.  You're in the future studying the logs of a Korean generational ship trying to find out how everyone on it died.  You find this information with the aid of two AIs via reading the ships logs and it covers a couple of different stories, some connected directly, some indirectly.   The ""game"" such as it is doesn't take long to complete as can be told by my relatively short playtime.  I've acquired two of the endings.  One good one and one bad one.  There are others that I intend to go and get.  The story itself is actually quite good.  Fair warning that it's a sad one and there's no way to make it happy.  Bittersweet is about the best you can get out of the ending.  I really can't give many more details without blowing it.  Also there's a minigame of sorts involving using commands in an old command prompt style terminal part way through the game and it is timed(although they do give you a generous time allotment to do so) so be ready for that when it comes up.  Some people will probably dislike that part of the game but it honestly adds a lot of flavor to the whole game as it also forces some of the important decisions you had to make.   If you like the visual novel genre this game is a must buy.  If you're not sure how you feel about it, this is a good game to test the waters with."
,Recommended,209370,20136093,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,Maximum Bird,"Politically-motivated marriage and intrigueshrouded in jealously, all wrapped up in a neat little hanbok for you to open up on arrival. The AI characters are well-developed and the narrative's presentation is refreshing. However, it can be tricky to follow due to the order in which you receive blocks of the story. Fortunately, it comes together nicely at the end, even if you don't get all the fragments at once."
,Recommended,209370,20308008,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,funovin,Stoped a reactor from going critical and saved my 600 year old cyber wife11/10
,Recommended,209370,851060,"Posted: 26 November, 2012",all,Papart,"Really nice, short visual novel. Nice characters, really good written scenario and multiple endings (that you can see all without problem). At the beginning it's hard to grasp it, but give it couple of minutes to sink deeply."
76561198060539806,Recommended,209370,6172237,"Posted: 2 January, 2013",all,Numaest,Deceptively dark game. Loved it!
,Recommended,209370,2310714,"Posted: 27 November, 2012",all,PrepH,This game is basically a VN but it tells quite an interesting story despite being a short game.
,Recommended,209370,71563,"Posted: 1 July, 2012",all,GFoppy フォッピー,"A very short and unconventional visual novel, but with an absolutely riveting story and subject matter that will make you stop and ponder about yourself and humanity. Strong moral dilemma and a brilliant twist makes this one of the best visual novels I've ever played.Buy it."
76561198029348300,Recommended,209370,19357502,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,t54r4n1,cute and good.
,Recommended,209370,2585674,"Posted: 20 August, 2013",all,Kurisu,"This has to be the best visual novel/game I have ever played. It's relatively short, even with all the different endings. It took me about 3 hours for my first playthrough and I know that each playthrough afterwards will show me very little in terms of new logs and dialogue. Honestly, this is the first game to every maybe almost kinda make me cry. I'm not crying. ;_; The story is extremely emotional, and after the first hour it'll have you hooked. If you enjoy VNs or books, I would highly recommend this. This is a game that even with only 3-5 hours of gameplay, meant more to me than any other of my steam games. The creator has opened me up to the residents of the Mugunghwa and left me craving for more.TL;DR: I cried. *Hyun-ae<3"
,Recommended,209370,230203,"Posted: 25 August, 2013",all,TJ Elite,One of my favorite games of the ones I played in 2012. Highly recommended to fans of visual novels.
,Recommended,209370,1266765,"Posted: 19 October, 2012",all,3ff3x0r,"You have to play this, several times. Amazing."
,Recommended,209370,2677981,"Posted: 28 April, 2012",all,MechaYoshi,A very touching visual novel that slowly sucks you in with it's great storytelling and (depending on your choices) ends in a bang!
,Recommended,209370,3238473,"Posted: 14 July, 2012",all,Aika star,Short game. really intresting story.though only play if you like reading
76561198035915039,Recommended,209370,19202548,"Posted: 21 November, 2015",all,Dragonofyre,Waifu Sim. Get up to 2 waifus at once.
,Recommended,209370,18574056,"Posted: 19 October, 2015",all,grace.bakerc,"I loved this story. Reading the logs and unraveling a mystery was so satisfying, and the characters are extremely human (besides, well, being computers)."
,Recommended,209370,18538436,"Posted: 17 October, 2015",all,MindfulOcean,"This game is incredible.  First off, I'd like to mention that it isn't a traditional game.  It's a sort of mystery about an ancient spaceship.  You learn about what happened to the civilization by reading fragments of logs left behind and by interacting with the AI you meet at the start of the game.  The writing is incredible and I think anyone with a sufficiently open mind shiould play it.  If you have played other visual novels, I can safely say this is the most engrossing and maturally written one I've come across.  It is easily worth the full asking price and there are multiple endings to find."
,Recommended,209370,5354218,"Posted: 18 May, 2012",all,Franc[e]sco | install gentoo,"Quite unique Visual Novel where you spend most of the time reading through old logs and piecing information together. Your task is to investigate the mystery behind the disappearance of a generation ship by reading through the message logs of the dead crew of the ship. There are two female AI's who will help you in the task, and those are the two pursuable characters. There's a total of five endings.10/10 would have sex with an AI."
76561198065762099,Recommended,209370,18607181,"Posted: 21 October, 2015",all,Random.Kryptonite,"Ok game, more like a story where you make a choice and then there are possible resulting scenarios. The story itself and the artwork was quite enjoyable, that aspect I would certainely recommend. Not bad, I haven't played texted based games before so i'm not sure how it compares. Not sure if I would recommend it really depends on the type of game you like, i prefer puzzle based games so it wasn't really for me.6/10"
,Recommended,209370,4886960,"Posted: 2 November, 2012",all,MasterMyon,It's a good visual novel with an interesting story.
76561197996970612,Recommended,209370,18853445,"Posted: 3 November, 2015",all,five_monkeys,This game hurts.Definitely worth your time.
,Recommended,209370,14643948,"Posted: 24 February, 2015",all,Elsie (LCL),"Christine Love has made great stories in the past but this defintley takes the cake. Having some of the most indepth characters, fantastic music, and more philosophical themes than your body can handle, Analogue: A Hate Story is a story that will leave you intrigued to the very end...if you are an avid reader and like philosophical stuff.Pros:- The themes it deals with are some of the most unique and untouched upon subjects I have ever seen in any game to this date. Dealing with interpersonal relationships, LGBT, transhumanism, and loneliness. It certainly isn't cliche.- Isaac Schankler is one of the most musically talented people I have ever had to pleasure to listen to. Buy the soundtrack, now.- Other things that would delve into spoilers.Cons:- If you're not a person that reads books often, prepare yourself for a problem. See, Analogue isn't a traditonal visual novel focused around dialogue and art. No, it's more minimalist. Being next to only text. It's litreally wall after wall of text. This isn't a bad thing, but if you're not an avid reader it will be daunting at best.- Not an ideal entry point as your first visual novel, no I have better things for that.- Could've been maybe just a tiny bit longer."
,Recommended,209370,2202853,"Posted: 1 July, 2012",all,[CHISELED ADONIS],loved it
,Recommended,209370,15994316,"Posted: 24 May, 2015",all,juunishi master,"Played this after watching Game Loading (but bought the game before that) and ... this visual novel hooked me up from the very first conversation with *Hyun-ae. I entered my ""abandon all hope"" mode and play this game 3 days (not all day long, though) in a row.This is not your regular visual novel. And--more importantly--it's not ero! :))But, please, do play this game only if you're 17 or older. It's not ero, but some issues in the game is ... is ...*run to the corner of the room and hug myself, contemplate about life and its darker issues*"
76561198035905159,Recommended,209370,16190734,"Posted: 4 June, 2015",all,gambit,White Knight nuff said.
,Recommended,209370,16395427,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,TheGloriousWhale,An amazing experience for VN newbies. Still pretty damn good for vets as well. I definitely recommend this for any VN fan.
76561198041658841,Recommended,209370,16400083,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,minicheum,Really good interactive novel story.
,Recommended,209370,16302473,"Posted: 10 June, 2015",all,Nessio,Really fun and cute
,Recommended,209370,16341791,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,Psyentific,"Made me feel things.I don't normally feel things.9/10, worth every penny"
76561198043657255,Recommended,209370,16347551,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,ZekeTheDefender,Great game if you love reading and story over gameplay.
,Recommended,209370,16567172,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,AMB 10,"I can't stand visual novels. So, it means a LOT when I say that I genuinely enjoyed Analogue. The story it tells is mature and tragic, and the way it unfolds over the course of the game is well-constructed. The AIs you talk to are well-defined, and the game has an interesting setpiece about halfway in that really freaked me out. The sound design is a little rough on headphones, but the music is absolutely fantastic.The only issue I really had with this visual novel, as an American unfamiliar with Korean nomenclature, was that aside from the two AIs and a handful of other people, I had a very hard time keeping track of who was who, and as a result, parts of the narrative felt disconnected to me. Aside from that, the overall sluggishness of the UI was a minor annoyance, but in no way hindered my enjoyment of the game.tl;dr This is a great visual novel for people who don't normally like visual novels. The multiple endings are a nice touch, as well."
,Recommended,209370,16447565,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,NEET,read about the sex life of a bisexual10/10
76561198031028270,Recommended,209370,16333017,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,Zant,"Tl;dr If you enjoy reading or don't mind it this is an interesting game, not for everyone but it is enjoyable. Pick it up if you see it on sale.Review (Very light on spoilers)StoryThe story without spoiling much is that you travel to one of the first space colony ships that has broken down and is just floating around in space. Your job is to download the datalogs to find out what happened to it.GameplayA lot of reading through log dates, while interesting can put a lot of players off. It has some minimal dialouge choices with the characters you talk with that does impact your ending. Imagine if you read a book and once in a while a friend pops in to ask your opinion on what you read.MusicThe music is fitting even if it does leave some desire for more. As standalone music I would listen to it while drawing for example. A cake that could have used the cherry on top.ArtThe game gets a lot of points here, while simple in design they look rather good and while the animation is on the simplistic side that's not the focus of the game. The focus of the game is on the beckground story and the story of the characters you meet."
,Recommended,209370,15680850,"Posted: 3 May, 2015",all,Redwing,"Analogue: A Hate Story is a simply fantastically written story. The characters are well writen, the logs as you explore around leave you wanting to keep pushing until you find out the truth. One of the early VNs available on steam and still one of the best other there. 9/10"
,Recommended,209370,14006671,"Posted: 15 January, 2015",all,Midnight [Haise],"Analogue: A Hate StoryLets cut straight to the chase.- Gameplay -The basic gameplay outside of the standard visual novel parts consists of using the ships main system, which is sort of like coding but actually fun, and searching through the ships various documents, trying to uncover the story behind the mysterious ship you've set out to explore. The actual visual novel elements are solid, giving you plenty of room to make different choices which heavily affect your relations with the ships two main AI's- Hyun-ae, and Mute.- Characters -This might fall short, considering there are only three actual characters in the game, including yourself. However, I found the ships two AI's to be both unique and well written, each in their own way. I can't say much for Mute herself, as I went with Hyun-ae's route, however the limited dialogue I had with her was... Well, certainly interesting. As for Hyun-ae, she happens to be my favorite part of the game, being extremely likable and interesting right from the start.- Story -The story is sort of in the backround, but no less involving and important. As I mentioned before, you uncover most of it through the ships various documents, and through talking with both the ships AI's. It seems to be a take on a post-apocalyptic (sort of?) take on japanese culture mixed with a lot of science fiction elements. Confusing, right? Nonetheless, it tells a surprisingly human and very thought provoking story, on morales, cultures, and general humanity as a whole.- Final thoughts -Overall, I had a lot of fun with this game, dispite it being a bit short (about four hours, but I'm a fast reader), it tells a compelling story, has some great characters, and is overall a generally good experience. Definately would recommend.***9.5/10***"
,Recommended,209370,872546,"Posted: 30 March, 2013",all,AirQuick,플레이타임 1시간
,Recommended,209370,15593865,"Posted: 28 April, 2015",all,Zombie Centurion,"Amazing, brutal and heartwrenching. Made me want to tear the entire ship's society down in fire and blood. Good ending, great characters, absolutely loved every moment."
,Recommended,209370,15572891,"Posted: 26 April, 2015",all,Zyrodil,"This game is great.It's a Visual Novel, might not be everyone's cup of tea."
,Recommended,209370,3164155,"Posted: 28 April, 2013",all,Nee,do you want to learn about feudalistic korean politics in space with waifu AIs that hate each other?  heck yes you doalso: lesbian erotica
,Recommended,209370,16610819,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,Izi,"This is likely one of the best visual novels I've ever played.  It's really more novel than game, however the story is captivating, intense, and complex.  It's a genuine pleasure to read.  Definitely give this a try, particularly if you are interested in Korean culture and/or deep storytelling."
,Recommended,209370,292574,"Posted: 27 July, 2012",all,metal_spider,"An engaging interactive story. Plot is reminiscent of Taiwanese/Korean period dramas.Characterisation of the main roles are almost immaculately conceived as with their individual motivations; the ending moments being quite hard-hitting. Note that the tale does include somewhat explicit/graphic descriptions at certain points.A successful playthrough should last around 2-3 hours and much of the gameplay primarily involves heavy reading. The title also involves understanding of a pseudo command prompt that is not particularly too obtuse to grasp for most players.Be sure to also download and try out a free copy of the developer's previous work, Digital: A Love Story."
76561198051927514,Recommended,209370,16063569,"Posted: 29 May, 2015",all,Wong,"I'll be honest with you, when I bought this game, I thought it would be just another anime-game with some cute anime-girls. But seems like the story in this game was far more deep then I expected. The story is kind of somber, and although it doesn't have any age restrictions, I wouldn't recommend it for children, maybe 16+. It's hard to explain without spoiler, I can only say that you're some kind of inspector who has to reveal what happened to a ship that has been without sign of life since some hundred years. You will eventually discover more and more about what happened and there will be moments when the story gets really somber. But yeah, in my opinion, it was a great game and worth every euro I spent on it, I'll recommend you buy and test it yourself, I doubt you will be disappointed."
,Recommended,209370,16121181,"Posted: 1 June, 2015",all,Dirty Red,"First game that has made me feel competent with both women, computers, and computer women.10/10"
76561197995874167,Recommended,209370,15783278,"Posted: 10 May, 2015",all,Sudain,"A good visual novel that allows you to piece to gether the story at your pace.  No boob's in the face all the time, or comprimising positions, but instead it focuses on a genuine attachment to the character."
,Recommended,209370,16748783,"Posted: 27 June, 2015",all,Marenzie,"A solid story with a solid interface. You really do feel that you're in your assigned role of the story, given the tools needed to do exactly what you must. The plot feels very realistic and leaves you questioning details of the timeline. Easy enough for anyone to progress through, yet offering enough challenge for those looking for it, this game suits the tastes of many players.My favorite things were the story, the interface, and the ease of saving/loading your game. Thanks to that feature, it is very easy to redo a question or choice in case you make a mistake.My only complaint is that the game is very short. I would have loved to hear another perspective with the addition of a character, but that is completely on my side. It goes to show you that I just wanted more of this game!Overall, I'd recommend this to anyone."
,Recommended,209370,16657770,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,avalonenigma,"I wasn't sure what to expect from this small indie game, but what I got still surprised me. From the incredibly simple main menu through to the simple gameplay a person could be forgiven in believing that not much artistry went into the games creation, but the truth is a completely different story.Everything that makes Analogue: A Hate Story a truly great game revolves around its careful story and the unique and rather brave story-telling method it uses. Using a story with a story as well as characters who acknowledge themselves as characters we end up with something that transcends it own mechanics.Much like the book ""The Never-Ending Story"" or the movie ""The Truman Show"" Analogue: A Hate Story creates a piece of art (for that’s what it is) that leaves its audience in a wonderful state of relative cognitive dissonance. As the end credits crawl reality has been oddly shifted and you find the game has managed, through simple mechanics and an even simpler graphical presentation, to make you do something unexpected; it makes you care.I would consider Analogue: A Hate Story less of a game (though it certainly is a game, and a good one too) than an experience; and I am very glad that I have had the opportunity to share it, as such unusual experiences are so few and far between."
76561197987899597,Recommended,209370,1150474,"Posted: 11 May, 2013",all,YgdrasilChaosControl,Una experiencia que muchos deberían probar. La capacidad que tiene de transmitir tantas sensaciones reunidas en tan poco tiempo es admirable.A experience that should be tried. The ability to transmit so many feeling in such a few time is admirable.
76561198005126810,Recommended,209370,16520336,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,Ceri Elkanor,"A very nice, however short game.If you've got a bit of money to spend this is probably worthwhile, with a nice little mini game in it.replay value is very little though, and there are games that can get you more for your money."
,Recommended,209370,13488293,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,Spikie,"I absolutely loved this game! I don't really read a lot of books anymore, but I made sure to read every word of the logs in the game. I thought telling the story through the logs and the two AI's worked out wonderfully, basically just try it you won't be dissapointed."
,Recommended,209370,1869605,"Posted: 3 January, 2013",all,elilupe,"Fantastic...visual novel? More like if a visual novel was cut up into magnificent, fascinating, sad bits and scattered across a good adventure game."
76561198063522281,Recommended,209370,13490211,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,Ravoria,"Very well done. The command-line gameplay might be tedious for some but the game is very fair in explaining what you're supposed to do with it. The story is emotional and horrifying, and the piles of short logs are a good way to digest it. I have a couple gripes interface-wise, but nothing that detracts from the over-all experience. Really worth a look if you want something different."
,Not Recommended,209370,13730784,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,GekoPrime,"Emphasis on ""novel"" - It's essentially a book with an annoying interface and a flirty avatarIt might be worth taking a look if you're interested in Korean cultureI prefered /Dysfunctional Systems: Learning to Manage Chaos/ as a first dip into visual novels... the interface is linear as befits a plot-driven short story and the writing is funny and genuinely good"
,Recommended,209370,13733163,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,kindred.dread,"As a fan of Christine Love's work (Digital: A Love Story, Don't Take it Personally, Babe) I appreciate the unique themes she tackles, especially concerning that of technology. Analogue: A Hate Story doesn't disappoint- it touches on many mature themes such as sexism, homosexuality, and more. It also paints a unique picture of an ancient fuedal-like society aboard a sci-fi space station, meshing the old with the new. The writing is spot-on and makes for a great read.That is, if you like reading- this is a really simple sort of novel in that there is little to no scenery change, and only a decent amount of interaction. Additionally the user interface is not the easiest to get used to, mainly the command console- you will very likely at some point seek a guide for the command you'd like to use for a certain section. Otherwise the UI is fine, if plain- take a look at the screenshots, as it's what the entire game looks like.Aside from those very minor gripes, if you get this game you're in for some great and thoughtful reading. It's a great story, and will take more than one playthrough to really understand and see everything."
76561198030715428,Recommended,209370,13778343,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,elizabethrose,This game made me so morally and emotionally conflicted! Which is what makes this game great.
,Recommended,209370,3508668,"Posted: 15 December, 2012",all,Timber,"A well-written and thought-provoking visual novel about the fate of a failed generation ship, told through letters and log entries of some of its inhabitants. It relies heavily on  the different characters having very different perspectives on events, coupled with deliberate values dissonance to get its point across. It's a tragic and often disturbing story, and if you like visual novels, I recommend giving it a look."
76561198048282537,Recommended,209370,13797890,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,Da Scout,It's a good story but has low replay value.It's not for everyone as the gameplay is really limited.I like the unique concept and setting though.I'm not a big textwall fan though and I really wish they have a better way to streamline all this reading.Music is nice I suppose.6.5/10 Wait for a sale.
76561197990484397,Recommended,209370,13750051,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,,"I thought this was a sequal to Digital but apparently not.It's a visual novel with only a couple of backgrounds and a slew of confusing names to remember. The story is broken up into data entries which are not unlocked chronologically so it can be confusing to line up all dates and characters.I enjoyed the first play through and I sped through a second time to get the achievements.If you like VNs get it, otherwise don't. It's nothing exceptional but it got me to buy the sequal."
76561198077434372,Recommended,209370,13670861,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,Mindshadow,"An exceedingly dark visual novel about a regressive society that emerged on a generation ship, and its (un?)fortunate end. Given that it's a visual novel, the story does kind of run on rails, though there are several decision points that can affect what kind of ending you get, in essence, what kind of epilogue will be written to a tale of horror that ended centuries before the PC was even born, and whether the PC pursues a romantic angle with either or both of the two traumatized AIs on the ship.Graphics wise, the somewhat bare bones UI in some ways enhances the story's presentation - sometimes less is more - but if you're expecting shiny and spectacular you will definitely be disappointed in the UI department.It's really all about the story, in all of its twisted, ****ed up glory. It's a story so twisted up that the 'harem' ending is the least morally objectionable of all the ways to go through it. It can be brutal to read if you have any sympathy for any of the characters at all.9/10 would assemble impossible AI harem again"
76561198065717178,Recommended,209370,13674183,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,Neapolitan,great game I had fun going through one ending and im definetly going to go complete the ret of the endings.
76561198076823675,Recommended,209370,13836909,"Posted: 4 January, 2015",all,Aryashi,"It's about as subtle as a brick to the face but I think the message was well executed. Also does some interesting things with the format of the visual novel, mostly in the form of explaining how that form of interaction could actually make sense. One section in particular really stands out as a great meeting of mechanics and story. Worth playing as a curiosity, but be warned. It doesn't play nice."
,Recommended,209370,13838275,"Posted: 4 January, 2015",all,Dora,"Interesting story that kept me guessing to the end. Easy to play and relax for a bit. Some of the log entries were heart-breaking. All of them very well written. Despite the very difficult (Korean) names, in the end you did get to relate to the characters and felt sorry for them. Great short game if you're looking for immersion. It's only text-based. No action."
,Recommended,209370,908089,"Posted: 11 November, 2012",all,mtchrismt,"Only buy if you like reading, I enjoyed it. Still not much gameplay, make sure you read up on this one before committing to buying it. Again, I enjoyed it, not everyone else might."
,Recommended,209370,13691241,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,-1-,An interesting story and charming characters!Even if those two girls don't seem attractive to you right nowyou'll be in love with them in just a few minutes as you play the game :DThe interface design is simple yet beautiful.This game is definitely worth buying.It would be much fun if I had more chances to use the override terminal.
76561197992703371,Recommended,209370,13679723,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,Volcarona,"Okay I don't really leave reviews but this game gets an exception. It has one of the best stories I have experinced in gaming in years. If you are on the fence buy it don't let the low metacritic score scare you because it isn't really fair. Short answer get it but if you want a more in depthe review look Below.In-depth review minor spoilersDon't worry like I said only minor spoilers. In this game you play an intersteller investigator assigned to investigate the wreck of a multi-generation colony ship sent out by Korea in the 24th century. What makes the game interesting is what you find as you dig through the ships logs and your interaction with the ships two AI's *Hyun-ae and *Mute (the * denotes they are AI's.) Basiclly, at some point in the ship's past all computer data was wiped and the captain declared himself emperor and institued a feudal secioty that like one would expect is sexist, classist, homophobic etc. But the story isn't about the formation of that culture (that's the topic of the sequel Hate Plus.) The story is about how that civilization ended as told through the eyes of the people living at the timeWhere the AI's come in is that both AI's have opposing views on the morality of the secioty *Hyun-ae the first AI you encounter is critical of the ships culture where *Mute is a defender of it. As you would expect this makes you like *Hyun-ae better than *Mute since *Mute is basiclly a woman defending Sexism. But the funny thing is as the story unfolds and certain plot twists are revealed *Hyun-ae becomes less likable and *Mute becomes more likable leaving you feeling conflicted about both.Now the Bad. more minor spoilersMy biggest beef with this game is it forces you to choose the ending half-way through the game. I get what the developer was trying to do you are supposed make a snap judgement as to which AI is right, before you have all the information. That would be Okay but I don't feel like it is well executed since it easy to pick the choice you don't want (in my first playthrough I wanted to side with *Hyun-ae but got stuck with *Mute) and after that choice you cannot switch AI's again for the rest of the game. So save at when your log enteries hit 50% complete.Issue 2 i have is that the ""perfect"" ending requires you to do large amounts of metagaming the only way you can get it without help takes at least 2 or 3 playthroughs (depending on who you side with playthrough 1) and I do mean at least that number in reality you could play the game a dozen times and not find the perfect ending.All in all I give the game an 8.5 out of 10."
,Recommended,209370,2676303,"Posted: 3 February, 2013",all,cigarettes,"This game is absolutely stunning. An extremely well written adventure game/interactive graphic novel, with a minimal design, lovely ""anime"" styled art, and gripping yet mysterious story that is left for the player to uncover at their leisure. A wonderfully crafted, memorable, and non-linear experience. I love this game, and I can't think of words that give it adequate justice."
,Recommended,209370,6086021,"Posted: 11 July, 2013",all,AppleEarring,"Wonderfully beautiful yet creepy story that will mak you laugh, cry, and quite ticked off. Not at the game!  But to certain characters  in the game and that is the point, right?  This game has multiple endings so there is great replay value, and a sequel coming soon!"
76561198027931977,Recommended,209370,8188325,"Posted: 21 December, 2013",all,James,"It must be said, before going into any detail, that you have to enjoy reading to enjoy this game. If you don't like to read, you're going to hate this game. There's no way around it. Now that that is out of the way, on to the review.TL;DR at the bottom.Analogue: A Hate Story is best classified as a Visual Novel. For those unfamiliar with this style of game, you're essentially reading a book, taking control of a character's actions. I.E. it's a choose-your-own-adventure style book... with pictures (hence Visual). For those unfamiliar with this type of book, the story progresses up to a point, then you're given a choice: ""If you choose to do A, go to page 49, if you choose B, go to page 81,"" where the story continues based on the decision you picked.Time for my opinions:I really enjoyed this game. I got immersed into the story and honestly had fun making decisions both honestly and silly-ly (not a word, I know; but hopefully you get the point). Not everyone is going to be so easily immersed into the story (at least the forums give credence to that), I ride the emotional roller coaster easily enough to understand that about myself. What might be most interesting about the game is that I really didn't like most of what went on in the log files of the game, yet I still think it's a well done game.I'm just going to toss the summery into the TL;DR section.TL;DRThose that like reading, and what-if scenarios will likely enjoy this game.Visual Novel enthusists will also likely enjoy this game.This game can be completed (100% achievements) in under 10 hours.If you can get immersed in the story, you will love this game. If you are unsure if you can do this, try Digital: A Love Story (by the same author). The game is free and can be found here:http://scoutshonour.com/digital/"
,Recommended,209370,8450544,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,Only 1 America,This is a great Visual Novel would recomend
,Recommended,209370,8069467,"Posted: 16 December, 2013",all,Foul Frog,Great. This is a visual novel. It has a lot of reading if that in not you thing you will hate this. If that does not kill the mood right away this is a great. Its so good it has reinvigorated my love of the visual novel format and cemented this author/designer/studio as an instabuy for future products.The mechanics of this game is reading through letters of a derelict spaceship floating in space and it is your job to figure out what is going on. All of the things you will read will not be in order so you could be reading about a night out with the guys form someone you have never heard of and the next log you read is from the captain's wife. Then you read more and find ways to connect these 2 things and uncover the mystery of who is who what they did and how it got everyone killed.The entire time you are reading logs an AI joins you and assists with logs and giving you any information she has and trys to fill the plot in with her. The personality of the AI that you meet is great and helps give the story a personal feeling. (I know this is going to sound sappy) but that makes it seem the story is trying to communicate with you directly the way a book just can't.I can't recommend this enough. I started the sequel right after I finished to find out more. But that's for another review
,Recommended,209370,3301206,"Posted: 5 August, 2012",all,BearAteMahoney,Analogue's virtual story is that of pure genius with a twist of humor and a very and I mean VERY dark tone. This game deserves every cent of it's purchase and I highly recommend it to the people who are willing to try something different and aren't afraid to use their mind.
76561197979151564,Recommended,209370,8100865,"Posted: 18 December, 2013",all,Fragmaster412,"A great visual novel based game, Loved every second of it. I've had limited experience with visual novel games, most of them stemming from well known titles such as Fate/Stay Night and Clannad as the likes. But lets get on with the review.Story: Lets start here, since visual novel's main draw is the story.. The game starts off as you playing as a space engineer recieving a distress signal. Upon reaching the ship, you reach the mainframe and start looking at the logs, unsuspectingly coming across an A.I. From there, you find out what happened to the ship and its crew. The story was fantastic, and gives very interesting in-sight into how women were treated in earlier centuries, as well as ancient korean traditions. The characters you read and meet upon have their quirky personalities you will come to deal with, and they done great work on them as well.Graphics: Great hand-drawn korean style artwork. It lacks the luster of triple A visual novel games, but the artwork isn't the main focus, but the story. Don't expect Gainax level artwork, but its still pretty good.Gameplay: To many budding visual novel gamers, the type of user interface is quite different. Menu's and selecting options can be a real challenge intially, but once you get a hang of things it's really not that bad. And of course, reading is the gameplay here, and read you shall. In-game, you will read and read upon logs in which you find out what happened to the crew, there are also moments where you make choices that will determine the outcome of the end. There are also few sequences where you do some activites which is a interesting change of pace. Overall, pretty solid for a visual novel.Replayablity: Of course there is replayability, mostly in which you start over and see what would happen if you were to take a different route. So expect at least 2-3 times playthrough to do everything in this game.Final notes: I personally loved it, and recommend to any budding or current enthusiast of visual novel games, or otakus. HeheGreat game, and will be moving on to the next game, Hate +."
76561198027379741,Recommended,209370,8495781,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,*Wisp,Great story. Just don't take too long with the puzzle bit ;)
76561197995285621,Recommended,209370,1605066,"Posted: 28 June, 2013",all,booksnake,"I seem to remember seeing this before and going ""what the hell is this, is this some kind of korean anime pandering game with a dumb name"" but I read something to give it another chance and found the demo was surprisingly gripping story-wise. After going through it, it's.. well, still got a certain level of anime-cliche but it made me laugh instead of cringe. The music's good."
,Recommended,209370,813109,"Posted: 26 December, 2012",all,Buster,"An interesting visual novel. Not a dating game, but a story told very simply. Get it on sale if you want something weird and a little sad."
,Recommended,209370,268780,"Posted: 30 April, 2012",all,Dr. Nobody,"The story was a little hard to follow until I had more pieces, but the AI characters really bring the whole game together.  A rather fun Indi game that I'll likely play again some time soon."
76561198155528981,Recommended,209370,14093977,"Posted: 21 January, 2015",all,ProfessionalDumpsterFire,"This is an excellent game. It's a tad short, but the unique way it tells its story kept me engrossed and attached to the two characters. The art is cute when it needs to be, and the writing is excellent and even downright brutal at times. If you enjoy visual novel or creatively presented stories, buy this game."
,Recommended,209370,13935675,"Posted: 10 January, 2015",all,The Archiver,"The only flaw I personally found in the game is that, for me, multi-part names like used in Korea and China are impossible to remember for more than about 3 seconds. Makes it very challenging to connect who is who in the story without taking notes. That said it was an otherwise good story and while I could see where the big reveal was going in one of those 'oh no please no' moments it avoided being horrbily dramatic for it's own sake."
76561198025337752,Recommended,209370,13937887,"Posted: 10 January, 2015",all,Thefriendzoni,Analogue : A Hate Story is about discovering what happend in the ship Mugunghwa. While I didn't get a clear story; I understood the plot and what happened and the tragedy that befell the ship. The characters like the humerous and adorable Ai named Hyun-ae are just a laughful and you don't want to hurt her ya know. The game itself is a blast and I recommend it for those who like to read text and backstory and just amazing characters.
,Recommended,209370,13990406,"Posted: 14 January, 2015",all,Sky,"...Made me remember memories I wish I could forgetPros-Probably the best vn in a long time with characters that have depth which can have a impact on you-Although its a tad short as you can see I managed to 100% the game in 7.7hr although in the sequel it takes the time of 3 real days to finish as well as saves can carry over-The game has well drawn character designs exellent sound track, and alternet costumes which actally tie into the story line (worth buying the sound track/Hateful Days pack)Cons-This game does not have many.. although I guess the main would be is that it doesnt have 1920x1080 support so you will have to play it in a small window,  but you can play it in fullscreen to.. just you will have to live with some blurry textPs-For the faint of heart this series will make you cry in the end eating cake (like me)-the emotions I got from this game has kept me up at night about 3 days in a row so far10/10"
,Recommended,209370,13970478,"Posted: 13 January, 2015",all,[KONGOU]LoLeRji™,"I like story based games, and well, I am not actually very fond of visual novels, so this review might sound unsatisfactory for most people, but this shows how much this game moved me, so here I am.One of the features I really liked about Analogue: A Hate Story is its innovative story-telling system. Reading through the logs while your AI side kick gives you information about the people who wrote those logs and trying to uncover the mystery which led the space ship mugunghwa to its current state, this game makes you question what is right and what is wrong. Make you wonder if there is really something called ""right"", while you read through all the text it gives you. Reading happy memories, tragic events, scandalous diaries just makes it all the more interesting. It is as if such a community existed there and you really are reading memories of their daily life.Another different point of this game, for me at least (I don't know if there are other VNs featuring this kindof stuff since I didn't play so many Vns), that it introduces you a different viewpoint about computers and AIs. To make this review spoiler free, I won't go into detail, but you interact with AIs as if they are humans, and deal with their personalities.Of course there were things I didn't like about the game. The most obvious one was the lack of things you could do with the console. I think if we had other events other than a certain one to really rely on the console. Again, for the sole purpose of not giving spoilers I won't go into detail, but I can say this, it is as if the whole console is just there so you can use it when it is necessary, and further playing with it won't be very useful. Especially given that it can cause bugs in the game.Overall, I liked the game as it is, but I could have liked it more, what's more, the game has a sequel, which I am currently playing, and it just add to the spice of the story. I recommend this game to everyone who wants read a good story with good twists and characters, to people wants to have good visual novel experience with a different way of story telling, and to everyone who wants to have a change of pace and try something new by giving a go for visual novels."
,Recommended,209370,13964251,"Posted: 12 January, 2015",all,Huer of Hues,hyun-ae best girl dont fukn touch my waifu
76561198081022337,Recommended,209370,13949306,"Posted: 11 January, 2015",all,Fu IX,Friend zone ending is so cute <3. I know I'm lame as ****. 10/10
,Recommended,209370,13949846,"Posted: 11 January, 2015",all,Jolyne Kujo,"I loved it. It's one of those rare experiences that really delve into humanity. A very high ranked game of mine. If you have the money, buy it."
,Recommended,209370,13919775,"Posted: 9 January, 2015",all,Innami,"Have you ever played a Visual Novel?I hesitate every time I describe Visual Novels (VNs) because I have a hard time choosing between 'read' and 'play'.VNs are ostensibly games but range from having few gameplay elements to no gameplay elements.  It is very common for the bulk of gameplay in a VN to be clicking to advance text with intermittent choices.  There are usually static backgrounds and various illustrations of characters in different poses.  That is generally all there is to it.  So hopefully you like reading.So, Analogue: A Hate Story.  This is a game set in the far future.  You navigate the logs of a derelict spacecraft with the help of an AI personality to discover what happened to the ship.  As you read logs, new logs are unlocked that show you more of the society onboard the ship.  That is pretty much all I'm willing to say because this game is pretty much exclusively story.Remember this is a VN, and I think this is a good introduction to the genre.  It is true to the genre as it is a lot of reading.  There is a UI to it though, and the way you navigate the game actually feels more like a game than VNs typically do.  It is also short; I'd say 3-6 hours to finish all the routes.  Don't quote me on that though.All in all, should you play it?  Yes with caveats.As long as you:like readinglike or are ambivalent toward the anime art styleAlso consider:Game length.  It is short, and I think that is an advantage because many do not have the time or patience for a 50-80 hour VN.Price.  Goes hand in hand with length.  I liked it quite a bit, but full price would be a bit hard to swallow especially if you're new to VNs.Wait for a sale, but get it.  I think you should give VNs a chance."
,Recommended,209370,2075724,"Posted: 13 July, 2012",all,Alien Rope Burn,"It's hard to say whether or not YOU, yes YOU will like it, but as kind of a visual novella mixed with some very mild adventure gaming, it's a solid few hours to play through. Manages to be more serious than anything I've played this year, but I felt the dating game tropes undermined it a little. Still, good use of the medium. Not a conventional ""game"" per se, but worth experiencing."
76561198068230162,Recommended,209370,13923633,"Posted: 10 January, 2015",all,Wollie,"Tho the endings could use more development, the game itself was great the aspects of reading a whole life and history or people was amusing as were the two main heriones of the stroy. I would recommend this game to people who play Visuals Novels or would like to get started in playing one.8/10 Dialouge8/10 Art9/10 StoryOverall 9/10"
,Recommended,209370,13931086,"Posted: 10 January, 2015",all,Reddebrek,"Visual Novels are a gaming format with possible the worst reputation even in gaming circles. I got this game on a two part recommendation, first Analogue was not one of ""those games"" (I trust you know what I'm talking about) and that it was quite interesting.My friend was right on both counts, the Visuals such as they are a colourful and crisp, though there aren't many. The Novel section is also pretty good, the framing device is a series of ships logs before a disaster, and you're interactions with the ships AI. The mystery is quite engaging on a first playthough and I really liked the AI characters depth. Well worth considering if you like reading."
,Recommended,209370,13931160,"Posted: 10 January, 2015",all,MafiaPenguin,"Interesting and dark story in a far-future setting. With 70+ different logs to uncover and five possible endings, you have reason to play with your AI companions more than once. The right mix of humor, mystery, and tragedy. What made this visual novel stand out for me was the fact that it was really only as deep as you wanted it to be. You can ""beat"" it very quickly, but to really learn about the truth, and uncover the most interesting logs, you owe it to yourself to stick around. The command prompt feature ensures you'll not find a VU quite like this one."
76561198091735163,Recommended,209370,14031778,"Posted: 17 January, 2015",all,ZXY101,That was amazing.I have just completed my second playthrough and got a decent ending.This is the first VN that I WILL be playing several times over and attempt to get all endings.
76561198079496698,Recommended,209370,14034737,"Posted: 17 January, 2015",all,Your Uncle Bill Nye,weaboo as fook
76561197990702364,Recommended,209370,14035529,"Posted: 17 January, 2015",all,Dillan,I had a really fun time with this. I liked the style from the game and the music. But the game is not for people who don't like to read long texts without visual effects. All in all a great game. I recommend it to all visual novel lovers.10/10 Would investigate the ship again.
,Recommended,209370,14037265,"Posted: 17 January, 2015",all,Azradun,"The game is very, very good - a compelling visual novel, with a nice story and engaging characters. Liked it very much :)"
76561198042771716,Recommended,209370,4877336,"Posted: 5 July, 2012",all,SwimmingRock,"First things first: it's a visual novel. If that's not your thing, this game offers no significantly different mechanics to win you over.That said, it is one of the best games I've ever played. As an impartial observer of the past, you try to understand an entirely different people who lost their history and culture while isolated from the rest of humanity. You know they all died suddenly and it doesn't take long to figure out how. It's the ""why"" that drives you to complete this games gut-wrenching story, knowing all the while that it will be a horrific conclusion.There is nothing happy about this game. It's the kind of story with characters that make you feel physically ill and events that make you shudder or at times angry. At any point in time, you can interact with two characters: one who disapproves of the world you're exploring and one who defends it.In the end, it's a brilliantly written morality play where any good, justice or kindness are hard to find."
,Recommended,209370,7471565,"Posted: 24 October, 2013",all,Fenixius,"Look, this is a visual novel. It's also a cyber-archaeological window into a neo-confuscianist korean spaceship society. It's also a character study with themes of family and gender roles. It has multiple endings, and you ought to get all of them. The sequel is also excellent, but this one stands alone.tl;dr - Analogue is an utterly capitvating novel. Buy it."
,Recommended,209370,977622,"Posted: 1 July, 2012",all,King,"Christine Love is a really, really good writer, one capable of astonishing deftness in her work. Love’s pet themes have been concepts related to voyeurism and technology; gay and straight relationships; cultural boundaries; women’s rights and issues. If you can appreciate fearless writing and a payoff that requires some investiture from you, then yeah, Analogue: A Hate Story is worth the money."
,Recommended,209370,397920,"Posted: 12 July, 2013",all,Juicy Thunder Liker,real talk this game is awesome
,Recommended,209370,10630165,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,Wolfdog288,"So i recently started playing analogue: A hate story and as my second visual novel it is far differnt style from the first i read, the firstof which bieng katawa shoujo anyway analouge is a very gripping and interesting VN where you and your ai compainon look throug and read log documents on differnt stories from there pasts. i found this game enjoyable but i must admit for some parts youmay have to look at walkthroughs to find out what the keyis to get to the next part ofthe vn anyway overall ide give it a 7.6/10"
76561197977298850,Recommended,209370,749118,"Posted: 29 November, 2012",all,lordotime,"I usually hate these kinds of adventures.  Thanks to some clever writing, an engaging story, and a neat little bit of hacking required halfway through the game, you're dragged back into the story way after you should've gone to bed!  It plays a little too much like a dating sim after you solve the mystery at the end, but aside from this small nitpick the rest of the game is brilliant.  I finished it in about six hours, but that's probably because I was taking notes to follow the story as you go back and forth  through email logs of the long dead crew with the help of a slightly mental AI.  I have to say the ending saddened me, although I tend to feel empathy towards the characters I interact with in good games, and this definitely qualifies."
,Recommended,209370,12241313,"Posted: 25 September, 2014",all,Valorian Endymion,"One of the best visual novels I have played, with amazing, excellent and even heartbreaking history with great characters in a depth and rich setting, which you experience as read files for a ship long lost in space while in company of an AI. I know what I just said might sound vague, but I won´t risk spoiling anything, because I really worth see it yourself."
,Recommended,209370,939414,"Posted: 17 September, 2012",all,Lurkios,"Short, but the mechanics are interesting and story is a decent one."
,Recommended,209370,5638225,"Posted: 7 August, 2012",all,St._Madame Marie,"This game is one of the most interesting and well made Visual Novel that I've played in my life!The story is fantastic and clearly the focus of the game, notable mainly for the simple and beautiful graphics.There is interaction at all times and unlike many Visual Novel, it's not exhausting.Would pay more for this game!"
76561198012852481,Recommended,209370,2803173,"Posted: 13 July, 2013",all,noobzor99,A nice little visual novel with a unique interface system.
,Recommended,209370,4816953,"Posted: 27 December, 2012",all,MKShadowZX,An awesome visual novel which is the second one I've ever read. Compared to Katawa Shoujo it is really short but still has emotional moments which makes you have those special bonds with the two main characters. Do wish *Hyun-ae was real though :3.
,Recommended,209370,9145345,"Posted: 16 February, 2014",all,PrincessRainbowJumper,A book that can talk to you. 11/10 I won't be lonely anymore.
,Recommended,209370,2609484,"Posted: 8 June, 2012",all,bdood,just try it
,Recommended,209370,9710727,"Posted: 2 April, 2014",all,CousinVinny,"Love this game and the music, the console typing is awesome, feels like a real dos computer. Props to the music creator. The story about how everyone who lived in a space ship died and two AIs with two different views help you. A must for people who enjoy reading and like fan fiction."
,Recommended,209370,9752524,"Posted: 7 April, 2014",all,Senile Grandpa: Dan,"Analogue: A Hate Story was an interesting play, short but interesting. The main driving focus of the game is reading, so if you're not much for reading or don't like to slog through datalogs, I wouldn't recommend this, but to me it's more like a book with pictures and such, so, for what you get, it's pretty good."
,Recommended,209370,1137587,"Posted: 8 December, 2012",all,John,"It's heavy on story while light on gameplay, but if you're okay with that, it's great. In the far future, you attempt to salvage an abandoned colony ship, and you find yourself interacting with the two AI personalities that inhabit its computer system. To complete your mission you must delve into the ship's tragic and horrifying fate. The interface (which is kind of the whole game) is simple and clean; the fact that it IS so simple has some interesting implications for your interactions with the AIs."
76561197998419086,Recommended,209370,1820537,"Posted: 12 July, 2013",all,ShaZam,"Christine Love builds an amazing dystopian space detective story with two lovely AI characters that really get inside your head.  There are dialogue choices to be made to break up the investigation and parts of the game become very socially intiment as you have questions presented to you that ask how much you are part of the problem or how much you are willing to forgive.  Yes, the game is essentially nothing but reading datalogs and talking to AI but if you love detective stories then you'll be enthralled by the search that you need to put into the game to find all the clues to put together what exactly happened to this ship.  The truth is pretty messed up."
,Recommended,209370,8316203,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,Ruler,"I came into this game expecting..well honestly expecting a typical japanese visual novel with out the ""H"" that is typically associated with it.What I found was a interesting and fun, short story that compels me to dig deeper and try to unlock everything to get the story of a korean generational ship sent out into space that went wrong.  Two A.I.s and some fun learning curve later, I am enthralled.  Pick up it if you want a good story in a short time."
,Recommended,209370,8322666,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,templar627,"This a absolutely worth the price. This visual novel paints a picture of a truly messed up society and it only gets worse as you progress. Still, it was a great game and I would recommend this game to anyone that like visual novels and well built worlds. Just don't let the Korean names deter you from playing this game."
,Recommended,209370,8313107,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,zergbong,would recommend to avid fans of korean genealogy
,Recommended,209370,1022262,"Posted: 1 August, 2013",all,Tombstone T. Tromboners,"Do not judge this game by it's style, as I'm sure some will. Analogue has some of the best damned writing I've seen in a game and will subvert your expectations. It's an overlooked game that is ridiculous brilliant and deserves far more attention. Do yourself a favor and buy it, and the upcoming sequel, Hate Plus."
,Recommended,209370,2371756,"Posted: 5 July, 2012",all,Rune.,"If you don't care for visual novels, or if you don't like to read at all, then don't bother. Otherwise, Analogue: A Hate Story is definitely worth getting.A term worth knowing:- Mugunhwa : a spacecraft of some sort that carried an entire colony for the purpose of... well, colonization, I guess.Gameplay:It's a novel. You click. Don't be stupid.Plot(?):The story itself is presented through files unlocked by interacting with both *Hyun-ae and *Mute. From the ambiguous degredation of the culture in the Mugunghwa [from modern values to that of a more patriarchal -or medieval- culture], to the relationships between the people involved within the ship, Analogue is very well written.Characters:*Hyun-ae and *Mute are pretty much opposites: *Hyun-ae being a more contemporary female whereas *Mute behaves like an old-fashioned one, albeit a little angry. They are both likeable in their own ways, ways that you'll see if you buy this.Conclusion:Get it."
,Recommended,209370,8267926,"Posted: 24 December, 2013",all,griefmouse,10/10 would play again
,Recommended,209370,8272349,"Posted: 25 December, 2013",all,kiseruyoru,"First off -- it's a visual novel, so that'll prolly be the biggest factor in whether or not to buy.As for the 'game' in the game, let's call it some detective work, it isn't too terribly complex. The detective work happened in the background of my mind during all that time you spend reading and by the time any decisions came up it was easy to sort out -- EXCEPT, that is, for how to get one of the three endings, which you may need a guide to find out the key first step.However, it's a visual novel -- what matters is ambiance, quality of writing, the plot itself (which in this case is interesting, as most of it takes place in the story's own past) and, above-all, character design. All of these points, the game has plenty to offer to.Further than that? Nothing to say without spoilers -- though quite a lot to be said as a whole.I think of this game as a movie, one with a couple alternate endings  -- for 10 bucks it was a great deal."
76561198024984432,Recommended,209370,8328025,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,the great armadillo,Everything about this sort of breaks my heart. This is one of the reasons I love visual novels and text adventures so much!
76561198016377518,Recommended,209370,8282383,"Posted: 25 December, 2013",all,HateCampaign,My kinda story!
,Recommended,209370,412744,"Posted: 29 May, 2012",all,locklear93,"A well and uniquely told story, ""Analogue: A Hate Story,"" is surprisingly moving. This is a visual novel, not a game, really--be prepared for words. It's hard to say much more than the actual description without giving away bits of narrative, but this is an amazingly worthwhile story."
,Recommended,209370,4466323,"Posted: 23 March, 2013",all,Foridin,"A truly interesting and enjoyable visual novel. My only critism is that it's very short(Two hours or so), but considering I got it on sale for $2.50, I got more than my money's worth. Also, there are 5 different endings, so it has some replayability."
,Recommended,209370,6960279,"Posted: 20 August, 2013",all,Jade Dart Zero,"This game is very gripping and telling of a compltely different world. I learned alot, fell in love and all around just enjoyed it. Its a very heartfelt game to be enjoyed like a good book."
76561198025206189,Recommended,209370,8216269,"Posted: 22 December, 2013",all,silby,"Analogue is a stunningly moving, funny, and disturbing game whose medium is perfectly tuned to its content. The thought of replaying the game to pick less kind dialogue options with *Hyun-ae makes me upset and scared."
76561198014866726,Recommended,209370,8219001,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,SorairoDaydreams,"A story about a modern girl sent into a world with very dated thoughts on gender. Or maybe, a story about an A.I. who has had to watch everyone she know die and tries to protect a status quo. Play this one through, then play it again making the 'mean' choices. There is no 'innocent party' or 'fair series of events' in Analogue: A Hate Story. There are a lot of things to think about though. 4/5"
,Recommended,209370,8219191,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,Superqueen,"I was so happy when I found Analogue: A Hate Story on Steam, I had played the game earlier and totally loved it. Christine Love manages to draw you in to her story and her futuristic science fiction world and you will be stuck for hours. It reminded me of those choose-your-own adventure stories from childhood and for a moment I really felt like a space traveller that had found a great and unknown ship. The interface is simple but beautiful and the characters are complex and interesting."
,Recommended,209370,6086874,"Posted: 31 December, 2012",all,Yuiself,"In short version: a great game with breathtakingly awesome storyline and characters, all thanks to Christine Love. Those who like anime will love this game!Analogue: A Hate Story will also include some portions of the Korean culture and how things were in the early days of it, as you progress through the game. The story of this game is non-linear, so it's up to you and your actions to decide, how the game will end, since the game has at least five endings."
,Recommended,209370,13460482,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,Laserwulf,"The gameplay consists of yes/no questions and the occasional use of a command-line, but the way that the tragic story slowly unfolds through journal entries from multiple perspectives and gradually becomes more clear to you the player is well worth the price of admission."
,Recommended,209370,13627019,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,Lemmiwinkz,Promises when you play this game :- People in ur friendlist will wonder wtf you are doing- You will have a ♥♥♥♥ing adrenalin-rush trying to do♥♥♥♥♥♥under time pressure- you want to punsh a wall when you realize you have to do unfair♥♥♥♥♥♥when under said time pressure- you WILL dress her up
,Recommended,209370,13629642,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,Undermoose,"Surprisingly agoodVisual Novel. While the two main characters are somewhat interesting (though, I swear, *Mute's 'men are superior' lines kept getting to me!) there are a plethora of other characters to get to know. Kind of. I mean, you are on a derelict ship, reading old log files, but the sordid history of the families and the long-dead people on the ship are interesting. A little hard remembering the names, especially if you don't speak korean (or like most western audiences, are used to Firstname Surname formatting of names)All in all, a pretty good story, and I have been going through it trying to unlock all the logs (which thankfully accumulate through play throughs, as I am not sure it is possible to do in one game)Only thing I wish this game had… was badges and cards. I mean, seriously, where are my badges and cards?"
,Recommended,209370,13605960,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,Free,Neat.
,Recommended,209370,13585905,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,Sinister Recette,"On the surface, this may seem like a typical visual novel where you fall in love with some girl and make her your waifu, however this game is much deeper than that.I have convinced (forced) friends who hate visual novels to play this, and most of them have loved this game. As a visual novel, there is obviously quite a bit of reading, however it isn't really that long of a game, so it shouldn't take you forever to get to the really good parts. Furthermore, the story is quite engaging, and kept me wanting to find more logs to read. There is also some fun sections where you have to do some messing around with computer terminals.tl;dr: I don't care if you don't like visual novels. Play this game. Its totally worth the price. While you're at it, Christine Love's previous games are availble to play for free, such as Digital a Love Story. Play those too."
76561198061316280,Recommended,209370,13651181,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,ALilyByAnyName,"Analogue: A Hate Story is an excellent visual novel.  The story is excellent and enticing, and the characters (despite there only being two you can interact with) are deep and interesting.  As far as replay value goes, it's a good game to replay a couple times in order to get all content; but once you've 100%-ed it, you may want to move on to another game.If you're not familiar with visual novels, they are a genre of video games that rely heavily on reading text, and primarily offer binary choices as the only method of affecting the game.  Analogue is unique in this genre because the player gets the story through reading diary entries and correspondences between people from hundreds of years ago, rather than by interacting with other characters.  In addition, the player isn't limited to infrequent binary decisions: they also can affect the game by showing any of the logs to either one of two AI characters, and they will read and react to whatever its contents are.  There's also other ways to interact with the game, but going into detail about them would spoil the fun of discovering how to interact with the game.If you're on the edge of buying or not buying Analogue: A Hate Story, I would definitely recommend getting it.  It is plenty of fun, has a fantastic story, and by the time you're through, you'll probably feel quite strongly for one (or both) of the characters."
76561198072796143,Recommended,209370,19564920,"Posted: 8 December, 2015",all,WindTravel,"The story is immersing. Telling about how dark the Korean society in the past with future setting, this game really gives the views about living on that time as a woman. While this game is not showing any adult content, the story is dark and some players may find it not suitable. The music is good and makes you engulfed in the game even more.However, there is only a little puzzle elements and most stages of the game can be advanced by brute forcing. Even if you don't really understand the story, you'll be fine and mostly you won't stuck. The AI will give you a lot of hints to advance throughout the game.Just be prepared on slow paced story telling. At first, you may find this game very boring if you expect it as standard visual novel. The gameplay is somewhat pretty short. I've finished this game with 100% completion in 6 hours. However that 6 hours are well spent and full of satisfaction.Definitely a go if you're a VN lover or people who likes mystery and reading."
,Recommended,209370,7738587,"Posted: 25 November, 2013",all,ӈ ʮ ʂ ʈ ɛ ʀ ɨ с ʂ,"Written and programmed by my absolute favorite visual novel author, Christine Love, Analogue: A Hate Story - a spiritual sequel to her previous work, which, while not on Steam, you should check out! - is, while at times fairly difficult, a rewarding and unique experience. It can end in a variety of ways, making a statement about you and the way societies have viewed women throughout time. Beautiful artwork and a compelling story (after a bit of a slow start) make this VN worth at least a few playthroughs! It now has a sequel, as well."
,Recommended,209370,3405961,"Posted: 20 December, 2012",all,limbster,"This game demands your time. This game wants you to read a lot of text and dress up cute anime girls in dresses. IT also has multiple endings and interesting subject matter. If you liked Digital: A Love Story, you'll love this game."
,Recommended,209370,374305,"Posted: 29 July, 2012",all,Mikau,ERROR: GAME NOT FOUND IN STEAM LIBRARY. REVERTING TO COMMAND LINE.AVAILABLE COMMANDS: add_to_cart>_
,Recommended,209370,1847502,"Posted: 13 July, 2012",all,The Big Orange One is Jupiter!,Trust me. Give it a try.
76561198046469524,Recommended,209370,5212534,"Posted: 15 July, 2012",all,PaladinGuy,"A fascinating take on Visual Novels using a surprising, yet brilliant, interface with an equally surprising, yet brilliant, setting.  Quirky and memorable characters, a very well written story, and a plot that unravels in multiple ways for multiple playthroughs. (On a side note, checkout Digital: A Love Story, another VN made by Christina Love)"
,Recommended,209370,1272300,"Posted: 1 May, 2012",all,it's💀shoepacabra,"""Never forget 'Namjon yeobi -- Men are honored; women are abased.'"" That's a note *Hyun-ae, the AI of an empty spaceship, leaves for you. Throughout the course of Analogue, you dig through correspondence of the passengers of the ship and share it with two of the ship's AIs, who seem to be at cross purposes. How you interact with them changes what information you have access to and ultimately what you come away with in the end.Analogue is a visual novel, so if you never liked them, it's not going to change now. But otherwise, it's an interesting one with something worth saying.If you're willing to pay a premium to support indie developers, grab Analogue right away. Otherwise, hold off for a sale price -- it IS pretty short."
,Recommended,209370,6357094,"Posted: 29 November, 2012",all,Dandy Crocodile,"The best fusion of romance, sci-fi, and the sociological ramifications of the patriarchal constraints during the medieval Korean Joseon Dynasty."
,Recommended,209370,1538016,"Posted: 11 September, 2012",all,TASTEFUL SIDEBOOB [HOH],"I'm not a fan of the visual novel genre, so I honestly didn't know what to expect going into Analogue. What I found was a chill experience filled with a delicate balance of mystery, humor, and horror. Analogue is a layered experience that you can finish in an afternoon and be haunted by for a week. Issac Schenkler's soundtrack is a perfect complement to the playing experience and I strongly recommend purchasing it as well."
76561197962910598,Recommended,209370,7808673,"Posted: 28 November, 2013",all,eudaimonean,"Story-driven games have, in recent years, largely failed as games and, more damningly, been equal failures as stories (I'm looking at you, David Cage). Analogue is an exception: there's not much game here, but the story within is actually *good* - sharply written, intelligent, and even moving. Recommended, as long as you understand this is definitely a story more than it is a game."
,Recommended,209370,1918131,"Posted: 6 May, 2012",all,Dankk,"Wow... what an experience. It's engaging, mysterious, surreal, and enchanting all at the same time, and it made an amazing experience out of an otherwise lonely day. It's a visual novel more than anything, which means the game mostly consists of reading. Might I say it's one of the best reads I've had in a while though. And the ending a got put a huge smile on my face."
,Recommended,209370,168572,"Posted: 2 August, 2013",all,*Junon,"It's not quite a game, it's not quite a novel. IF with a strong emphasis on the ""F"". This (and its companion pieces) are what I'd have sat Roger Ebert in front of.... Interactive Media as Art, Exhibit A.And Christine Love really knows how to pick a soundtrack (composer, in this case)"
,Recommended,209370,2798624,"Posted: 29 August, 2013",all,Exeggutor of the Will,"Absolutely incredible game. Love's writing is fantastic, both gripping and depressing. You really have to experience it for yourself in order to see why it's so good. Buy this, and then buy another for your friend!"
,Recommended,209370,1269939,"Posted: 12 July, 2012",all,Ranneko,"This is a great visual novel. There is not a great deal of art assets in the game, and there are only 2 characters that you are able to interact with, but it manages to tell a very moving tragedy of the final years of a  colony ship."
,Recommended,209370,1788378,"Posted: 4 July, 2012",all,NekoTwilight,"A beautifully woven story, fantastic soundtrack, and gripping narrative. Fans of visual novels or other Japanese style games should give this a look."
,Recommended,209370,859441,"Posted: 9 November, 2012",all,Heinzy the Ketchup,"If you like VNs you'll enjoy this, you weeaboo dork!"
,Recommended,209370,1072209,"Posted: 16 March, 2013",all,Missing,E-mail Reader: The Game
,Recommended,209370,7970769,"Posted: 8 December, 2013",all,Felicious Luna,The story is pretty (even though i may have neglected my job at least 20%) and it very makes me smile! (and i didn't care how.)And so my hateful days began...
76561198040883231,Recommended,209370,7977701,"Posted: 8 December, 2013",all,gtg287y,"I really love this game.  The writing is amazing and you really grow to like the characters (and are invested in finding out what happened).  You don't often find visual novels written for an english audience, and it's refreshing."
76561198001656404,Recommended,209370,2061550,"Posted: 14 July, 2012",all,[n00b] Boat-senpai,It's a book. Kind of. The way that the story is presented is interesting and even though it's not so much a 'game' as it is a 'textwall' broken up by bits of dialogue the story itself is engaging and continues to throw in little surprises even though you're working from the end backward.
,Recommended,209370,1460464,"Posted: 12 January, 2013",all,zkylon,"Christine Love doesn't disappoint, she travels to uncharted territory and finds gold, every single time."
,Recommended,209370,7862692,"Posted: 1 December, 2013",all,Knives,"There should be more games/VisualNovels like this on here - such a great story, I can definitely recommend this one (as well as Hate Plus)."
,Recommended,209370,7861971,"Posted: 1 December, 2013",all,Dret,"If you don't like long reviews, I'll just claim that this game is simply awesome.If you want to know why I wrote that, I'll explain.The game sets an unknown character -the player- is sent to a long-lost space ship, the Mugunghwa, to discover what happened there. On the Mugunghwa you find two AI's in charge of the logs of the ship. The gameplay is pretty simple, read the logs, show them to the AI's so they can help you find more, and repeat until you are satisfied. Maybe you can get one of the AI's back home, maybe not, or maybe both.But what makes this so amazing is the backstory behind the Mugunghwa, its people and its tragic conclusion. Saying anything about that would be considered spoiler, so if you want to know what happened, either buy this, try the demo to catch a glimpse, or get spoiled somewhere else, I'm not talking anymore about the heartbreaking story.Only found a pair of problems with this game. First, sometimes it's possible to get ""stuck"", specially during the meltdown sequence. That's not neccesarily bad, but can get frustrating. The other problem comes with the specs. Even if my computer can move this, sometimes it lags a little bit. It doesn't affect the gameplay, but can be annoying from time to time.So overall, this game is simply pure love, 9/10 on my opinion. It's entertaining, enjoyable and fun, yet it can make you sad, or even have people lose hope in mankind. How's that possible? You might know by playing."
,Recommended,209370,3325353,"Posted: 2 December, 2012",all,blasphemous rumours,"A surprisingly nice visual novel. There is a ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ of text to read, be aware if you are not used to visual novels. Anyway, the story is good and the characters are nice. The novel is pretty short (4-5 hours length) but it has different endings. There are also some achievements that will make you play it all. The full price is a bit high, tough. Recommended to all visual novels fans."
,Recommended,209370,6268196,"Posted: 27 September, 2013",all,Alex[UA],"Truly,a hate story.Worth cheking out,especially if you are looking for something unusual.Of course you better not see the community pages before finishing the game-spoilers everywhere."
,Recommended,209370,7991614,"Posted: 10 December, 2013",all,Seltox,"Definitely gonna recommend this for anyone who likes Visual Novels.  Incredibly engaging story and very well written.  The choice that you make matter, and you can pick up the sequel (Hate Plus) from where you left off, by loading your Analogue save.It may take a little while to get 'into' the game, as the bulk of the gameplay is reading logs saved to a ships system, but as you start to learn more and more about what happened, you'll find yourself anxiously waiting to find the next bit of information to explain events - all the while having to deal with two AIs who are at odds with eachother.Keep in mind, that the bulk of this game is reading, so if you've never played a Visual Novel before, be warned that the game might not be for you."
,Recommended,209370,8022618,"Posted: 12 December, 2013",all,Volken,"AKA Emotional roller coaster.I was looking to try a visual novel for a long time, and even if that's not a pure one. Well, that did SURPRISED me.At the beginning i wasn't really up to read throught all those logs, even if i like reading sci-fi story.But a one point i skipped the end of a log, and missed crucial informations, that when i discovered by another mean, made me go "" WHAT THE HE-!! ""And i strangely found myself digging into the story, the Kim familly side actually. And because you are not reading the story in a set order, you have several.... plot twists let's say.Anyway, i still have the whole Smith familly side to understand..."
,Recommended,209370,390830,"Posted: 15 May, 2012",all,Caketown,"Dating sim meets journal system meets mystery novel?  Analogue was interesting, and I enjoyed what I played of it.  My problem with it is that it wasn't enough.  There wasn't enough story, or enough TO the story, and there were hints at other elements that could have been brought in to broaden the experience that just weren't there.  I suppose it's a form of praise to say ""I would have liked to see more of this game,"" but the whole experience just left me sort of unsatisfied.  I'd recommend checking it out, but, like I said, could have been much better if the plot and the universe surrounding the central story had been expanded."
,Recommended,209370,2817487,"Posted: 20 October, 2012",all,Kuumidori,"Yes, it's a visual novel. Yes, it has an interesting story. Yes, you have to read. Yes, stuff blows up if you do it wrong."
,Recommended,209370,3118642,"Posted: 30 May, 2012",all,"Jacob ""Smokey"" Leonheart","This game is more like detective game mixed in a with chose your own adventure novel but is affected more so by what you choose to find out and how.  Do mind you, there is a lot of reading in this game, but it's not without some memorable characters as well as AI personalities that change their behavior as well as what they reveal to you depending on your research/reading and answers.The game is set in the future and played through a pseudo command console/user inference with human-like AI personalities that react to what logs/mini-stories you show them as well as how you respond to their questions.Advice for enjoying this game: look for a character you care about and dedicate yourself to finding out more about them.  Or...if you find yourself unimpressed by the people you're reading about, try digging up dirt on the AI's that are trying to assist you, there's some bizarre twists for all of them."
76561198032274110,Recommended,209370,4113522,"Posted: 5 January, 2013",all,sejanoz,"Seeing as it's more of an interactive novel than a game, it's not everyone's cup of tea, but you're into games/stories that make you genuinely care about their characters, this is HIGHLY recommended."
,Recommended,209370,4501800,"Posted: 2 May, 2013",all,heartnewts,"One of the best goddamn VNs I've ever played, knocked out of the freaking PARK by Christina Love (sp?)"
76561198070736865,Recommended,209370,13911298,"Posted: 9 January, 2015",all,Professor Bombchu,"Just WOW. There are quite a few people who wouldn't like this heavily text-based game. In fact, it's not so much a game as a story you have to piece together, and a  little  puzzle using a command line interface. But I LOVED it.The story was well-written (and even though I love visual novels, I must admit that is uncommon), and just so intriguing, and at times a little shocking. It's a traditional story in many senses but never comes across as trite.There's no background artwork, and only two characters (the AIs) are shown, so you'll be disappointed if you're expecting a lot of visuals. At first I was unsure but as I went along I felt that actually helped me become more immersed in the game. Also, if you're not familiar with it, the command line interface might throw you, but press on because it's really worth it!"
,Recommended,209370,13874020,"Posted: 6 January, 2015",all,Wanaziba,"Analogue: A Hate Story was one of the better games I'ver played recently. The game in my opinion had a great story, especially in it's setting, and had decent charatcer development for your two ""companions.""The interface was kinda of blocky, but after playing with it for a bit, you can probably get use to it. Also this game involves a lot of reading, so it may not be the best for everyone.In the end, I felt really satisfy with the progression of the story, and learning about the past of this colony ship. The dialog with the AIs also made reading the logs feel more dynamic."
,Recommended,209370,7699637,"Posted: 19 November, 2013",all,Xenocidebot,"There's a grotesquely misplaced anime dating experience in here, offsetting an otherwise well-written violent tragedy.  Good on the whole if you have a lead stomach."
,Recommended,209370,13897554,"Posted: 8 January, 2015",all,Future_JPL,"A great visual novel with interesting twists, an interesting way to interact with the world, and a great interactive section. Worth taking a look at if you have the time. It can be finished in an afternoon (which is what I did because I couldn't put it down), but the length feels right for what it is."
76561198064186343,Recommended,209370,14305981,"Posted: 2 February, 2015",all,MasterLian,"Get it if you are into reading, good storyline and good visual arts <3<3<3<3"
,Recommended,209370,1706121,"Posted: 7 December, 2012",all,Delta,"If you're not familiar with visual novels, this won't be your thing, but if you are, Analogue is a clever game wrapped in a fantastic story about the future and how humanity advances and regresses, and how one girl who lived through it all told her story. It's short, but it's powerful, and definitely recommended for those who enjoy the genre."
76561198005955272,Recommended,209370,14292358,"Posted: 1 February, 2015",all,Oracio,"A short, but very enjoyable experience.  As you gradually find more logs to read, more short stories told through letters back and forth, you find the story of how everything came to and end.A fairly tight experience, with just enough content to keep you wanting to find the next breadcrumb in the story."
,Recommended,209370,14236527,"Posted: 29 January, 2015",all,The Sawed Off Samurai,I dont know how its possible to fit so much emotion into such a short game. I highly recommend this to anyone who loves great storytelling or who wants to be left an empty shell of their former self after playing a game.
,Recommended,209370,14236702,"Posted: 29 January, 2015",all,Nadrojiskool,"Playthough in progress, really digging the characters and story. I also quite adore the way the story is delivered.10/10, Would download logs again."
76561197990978121,Recommended,209370,15266371,"Posted: 8 April, 2015",all,Jiburiruu,Really immersive game. It's an awful lot to read but i loved it. The idea of this game is awesome and different in a godd way.
,Recommended,209370,14353116,"Posted: 6 February, 2015",all,Ignitehawk,"I'll admit it - I was drawn in mostly by the ""spunky AI sidekicks,"" as it were. I grabbed the game, basically on a whim, and started playing through it with a sort of lackadaisical attitude. I found it hard to get into, what with the Korean names and such, which only cemented my tendency to take nothing seriously.... But the gamedemandedto be taken seriously.I very quickly realized that the story was not about what I originally thought it was about. I thought it was a story about past events - and in a lot of ways it still was - but the real meat of the story felt much more immediate.I screwed up my first playthrough (though I did technically complete the mission given me) and was really upset at what happened. In a good way. The game had engaged me,forcedme to care about the events unfolding.So I started again, determined to get it right this time. I did. (Sort of.) I got a new perspective - I got the whole story. And let me tell you, the game pulled no punches in delivering it.I won't say more than that. Suffice it to say Analogue surprised the hell out of me, in a simultaneously brutal and awesome way. If you don't mind lots of reading, give it a try, and don't be dissuaded by a confusing start. It's worth it."
,Recommended,209370,14379650,"Posted: 7 February, 2015",all,LunaRei,"I was a little hesitant to start this game because I knew it was going to be a lot of reading.  But the way it's presented just keeps your interest! It's got some scandal, gossip, drama & mystery!  I'm only 2 hours into the game, but so far, i really can't wait to continue! And I highly recommend it."
,Recommended,209370,14162667,"Posted: 25 January, 2015",all,Shervrar,"So I thought of multiple things to write here, but I just don't know what I could write that would make justice to the game. It is simply one of the best, interesting VN's I have played to date. Get it, especially if it's on offer!The story is very well made and interesting. The two AI characters, *Hyun-ae and *Mute are also very interesting. As you progress, you will find out more about each character. There is also a third ending which you should only play if you have got all the other endings (or at least both *Mute's and *Hyun-ae's good ending). The terminal thing worked really well fits with the game's setting. It's woth noting, that the game requires you to do a LOT of reading, so if you aren't comfortable with that, move along.A great example that the Visual Novel genre is not only about lewd content, but can focus on story and character development as well."
76561198008716718,Recommended,209370,2522659,"Posted: 4 April, 2013",all,Nip Devil,"Yes, it has all the pitfalls of a visual novel. Yes, it’s short for it’s genre, and yes, it’s not for kids. But despite all that, I really enjoyed it.It’s not a soul ripping experience, but it will entertain you from start to finish if you aren’t prejudice. There are some crazy plot twists in there.I think what impressed me the most was the AI that you speak with. Despite being computers, they’re some of the most human characters I’ve ever encountered in a video game."
,Recommended,209370,554741,"Posted: 13 July, 2012",all,Lune Noire,Wonderfully crafted visual-novel with a very interesting story and characters.
,Recommended,209370,9135218,"Posted: 16 February, 2014",all,Atoris,"I'm new to this visual novel thing, but I liked this game for loads of reasons.Pros:First being how the story is paced via logs I thought that was a strong point reading something then reading something else that puts the story together light a giant intricate puzzle.  The second reason is the actual story I enjoyed reading it but that's 100% my opinion and yours could be completely different. I also liked the personalities of the AI and the mystery that surrounds you with your lack of knowledge.For the third and final reason, I enjoy the flexibility of the the story, there is lots of different paths for you to follow questions to ask and etc.Cons:For the cons I think for some it might be a little difficult to understand with all the stories all over the place. There will also be a problem if you don't enjoy reading at all. It is a little short but there is a sequel so, yeah.Overall is it worth 10$, me yes, but it's all about your personality and what you like in the end. 8/10"
,Recommended,209370,3153875,"Posted: 1 May, 2012",all,Tiny Pandemonium,I've got 3 words for you: Play the ♥♥♥♥ing Game
76561198164025199,Recommended,209370,19125036,"Posted: 16 November, 2015",all,matthewbrazwell,"Was overall quite an interesting visual novel with unique aspects. Haven't gotten around to the second game in the series at the time I wrote this post, so my review is based on only this first one and what I've completed of it thus far.Graphics: 8.5/10For a low priced VN (9.99) the graphics were pretty amazing. I wasn't expecting the graphics to be were they were, so it was very nice to be surprised by this.Gameplay: 8/10Probably one of the most interesting things about this VN. It is a VN, so don't expect 3D action, but man were some of the puzzles and choices intruiging. The puzzles were not hard, but not necessarily easy. One of them even gives an alternate ending, which is interesting. I also like the computer aspect where you have to type in the information via the keyboard. Over-all. it was an interesting style and I would love to see more styles like this.Characters: 7.5/10The characters were also quite interesting. Both girls had their own unique personality, making you either hate or like them (I liked both personally). The design for both of them were also nicely done, adding more to the uniqueness of them. I didn't rate an 8 due to the fact that only one of the 2 had a in-depth background while the other was given some, but nowhere near as much as the other. (Might change after getting rest of trophies)Story: 7.5/10The story was really, I mean really. interesting. It took place in a spaceship out in space. You have a possibility to end up with 1 of 2 girls (or both if you get the harem ending) or obtain the bad ending. This much is common in most VNs, but the uniqueness of this one is the files and history. Both the files and certain options you make will give detailed information about the past of the game's story. Then there's the fact that the story of the second game is determined by what ending you got in the first one, a little twist not seen in most. Put simply, a wonderfuly (but short) storyline with interesting twists.Over-All: 8/10I would most certainly recommend this to both begginers and advanced VN readers.  =(^,.,^)=Nominated for the ""Woah Dude"" medal. =D"
76561198038636886,Recommended,209370,27340292,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Jay,I was not ready for today
,Recommended,209370,27046150,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Isotera,"Pretty interesting story, if short. It's worth a play-through."
76561197990996061,Recommended,209370,27217018,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Chaos-Deadeye,"If you like sad stories, visual novels, waifu stuff and reading a lot of text you should give this game a try.But be ready to shed some tears."
,Recommended,209370,26666948,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,Licious,While Analogue: A Hate Story's tale is nothing to write home about. It attempts to tell it in a different way. I can recommend it on that alone.
,Recommended,209370,26806291,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Rainy Days,Get ready to face some emotional ordeals.
76561198017798400,Recommended,209370,27040847,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,GurrenX,Great story and VN!
,Recommended,209370,26915191,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,John Lithgow,The game that made me respect VNs as a legitimate form of stry telling. The characters have realistic motives and ways of life. Christine Love did an amazing job of bringing this world to life and creating something impactful.
,Recommended,209370,26942988,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Mister Monday,"This is the second ever Visual Novel I ever played, and it's just amazing."
,Recommended,209370,26887866,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,ShiKuTe,"Surprisingly intreresting game with a great soundtrack, even though all you do is reading."
,Recommended,209370,26779606,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,DinoTubz,"A fascinating look into modern gender roles, the erosion of liberty, medieval Korean society, and sci-fi AI; Analogue has something for everyone."
,Recommended,209370,27686575,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,shaobin,"Beaten the game multiple times within a short timespan, but I really have to recommend it no matter how short it seems. The story is intiguing, and presents the player with chances to interact with the in game characters instead of like traditional visual novels where all one does is to read and then click next.10/10 storyline, 8/10 interactivity. Would definitely play again for the harem ending"
76561197967930115,Recommended,209370,27594342,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,DrakenFyre,Very excellent visual novel. Much more interactivity in the gameplay that I was expecting and computer style puzzles really fit the theme. Excellent and deep story element that you get to explore on your own terms and really lead to a desire to replay and find out everything.
76561197970719052,Recommended,209370,28128940,"Posted: 1 December, 2016",all,CHayNZ,"I did a playthrough (will redo to get other endings; I'm that kind of gamer), and I thoroughly enjoyed this game. The story is very deep, the characters are quite enjoyable (albeit a touch stereotypical, but they're GOOD stereotypes, IMHO), and the interface helps immerse you in the universe. If you want to experience a gamut of emotions towards a computer game, this one does not disappoint!Mind you, this is a visual novel type game, so you'd best enjoy reading. Also, it's a bit of a puzzler at times, with your actions having certain outcomes.Overall, if you're looking for a good read, some cute anime gals, a solid story, and decent sountrack, pick this one up.About $2/hr of gameplay at $10 for the game; around $1/hr if you like seeing different endings. YMMV."
76561198204073440,Recommended,209370,28115333,"Posted: 1 December, 2016",all,Kendii,"I'm definitely going to play through to discover the other endings. No spoilers for or from me. 10/10This is my first time venturing into the visual novel genre.  I mistakenly assumed that all these ""games"" that featured cute anime girls would all end up being weird dating sims, cheesy at best and porny at worst.NOT SO. This is an incredibly sad story that really sucks you in. It really hits hard too. The format of the game is really interesting, I've never experienced anything like it. It was simple, but not boring. Minimalistic, but had great depth. The writing is top notch, I think.You know so little to begin with and piece together this awful tragedy that occured on a ship lost in space from many generations ago. Despite all the awesome reviews, I wasn't really prepared for all this.I've already bought and started in on the sequel, and I see myself enjoying a whole new genre that I wasn't even aware existed."
,Recommended,209370,26361593,"Posted: 1 November, 2016",all,JaCKaL,"Very interesting.  Engaging characters; either/both of whom can be my wai-fu, possibly murderous notwithstanding."
,Recommended,209370,527669,"Posted: 2 May, 2012",all,Sarah,"An interesting story, and a suprising look into a rather horrible era of Korrean history. It's a low interactivity not so graphic novel so to speak. Mostly reading log entries and dialogue from your AI companion with one more intense moment about halfway through that I don't wish to spoil.If you can deal with a lot of reading and little else and are curious what happened to the space ship and it's crew (and aren't put off by reading A LOT about weddings and ancient anti-women polotics) then it's something worth playing. But at about 4 hours long to get your first ending (of 5) which I achived having read 75% of all logs, I'd wait for it to go on sale rather than spend the full $10. Put it on your wish list and hope it drops to $5."
,Recommended,209370,1510022,"Posted: 27 September, 2012",all,Imperator Skellyosa,The game is fun and short and both characters are entertaining but it hits all your feminist buttons and in the end I was more curious about a mystery they were never going to explain than the actual story itself. Definitely worth a buy if it's on sale and the soundtrack is pretty good too!
76561198183956818,Recommended,209370,26272416,"Posted: 28 October, 2016",all,Ironicus,"Surprisingly engaging and dramatic sci-fi story for such a short game, a welcome change from the generic silly dating VNs we see so often on Steam. If you liked Cursed Sight you'll love this game.If you're looking for romance there's that too; only two characters but both great AIfus.A bit short but worth a buy."
76561198004553140,Recommended,209370,2244781,"Posted: 28 April, 2012",all,Moral Wiz,"Rare to see a Visual Novel on steam, and this is a pretty damn good one. Know what you're getting into with the format, but highly reccomended, no matter what"
,Recommended,209370,24170462,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,HudsonWolf,"An excellent game, if not quite what I was expecting.Going in, I imagined that it would take more work to discover what had happened to the ship than it actually does. I also imagined that getting that out of the way quickly was the right way to do things, and then I could go back and and fill in some more background details and side stories and whatnot. As it turned out, I hit a certain turning point very early in my gameplay, picked a side without really realizing what I was doing, and just sorta got to an ending, with a pile of logs unread. It had been intriguing and interesting, but I felt like I missed most of the game. So then, of course, I immediately started it over again. And that's when it really became great.The characterizations of both AI characters, first of all, is excellent - not just in their backstories and interactions, but in the fact that they're both kind of annoying and they're both kind of wrong. It's refreshing, and it makes the game's atmosphere really 'work' - you're not trying to find the 'right answer', you're trying to find the truth. Really, one of my few complaints would be that I want to experience more of the world (the setting is established, but most of the game is character-focused), but that's hardly a fault, and if Hate Plus serves that purpose as I suspect it might, it's no fault at all.The one quibble I do have is that the console screen creates expectations that aren't met. The fact that you're past a certain turning point is only indicated by a vague-sounding error (since you can still shift power around and such) that initially made me think I had done something wrong, and I spent quite a bit of time trying to carefully manage that situation to accomplish something that it turns out is simply impossible. This isn't helped by the fact that the 'copy' command, as far as I can tell, doesn't ever actually serve any purpose.Regardless, though, the dialogue, the characters, the story - all of that is very well done, and since that really is the heart of the game, any issues beyond that are fairly trivial. It is a fairly short game (7.5 hours for 100%, and that's spending probably the last hour tracking down a block of logs that's only unlocked by asking *Hyun-ae a question I had assumed she would respond badly to), but it's absolutely worth experiencing."
76561198010990363,Recommended,209370,24074838,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,Zeroremorse,"I've owned this game for a long time now and just today I accidentally clicked on it while trying to click on Amnesia. So I though, ""What the hell"" and gave it ago. I remember buying it because I am a fan of Sci-fi, Horror, and Transhumanism which is something that the company really pushed with this games advertisement.The story was above average when compared to the high quality stories from World End Economica or Fault Milestone but it  really kept me entertained. Having to piece together all the political aspects and the motivations of all the characters by reading the logs was very different from everything else. Interacting with the Mute and Hyun ae was solid and really helped to flesh out their characters and their beliefs. This story takes itself seriously and really doesn't go in the direction I and most likely anyone who has played this game thought it would. The game as a whole can be very unnerving and will cause you to pause as you read certain sections, making you feel for the characters and even though fictional, calling into question what your belief systems are and making you wonder just how far would you go if ever crippling hatred caused you to break.So far i've only gotten endings 2 with 87% completion on my first try and ending 4 with 63% completion but I am definitely going to look up a guide to getting all the endings.So I guess it all comes down to this.....Do I recommend it?Well....yes, yes I do.The game as a whole when it comes to visual novels has a rating of 8/10 from me. That is hard to achieve in my book and I don't rate all games at that level. If it had been easier navigate which notes could spark a conversation with the two female characters in the game it would have gotten an 8.5 from me.I just realized I have the second game in my library as well. Looks like i'll be playing that after completing this game 100%"
,Recommended,209370,24062581,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,asuranaga90,"Really cute, intriguing story. It's reading-heavy, so know that going in; if you're not a fan of visual novel type games, then this isn't one for you. Not difficult for causal players, though there's some challenge in finding all the endings and data (which isn't necessary to do just to complete the game, though there are achievements associated with them)"
76561198030853616,Recommended,209370,22820827,"Posted: 5 May, 2016",all,Phreyd,"An interesting balance for a visual novel in that it only has 2 characters other than yourself, but has a lot of opportunities to make chioces. The game is also good fun even if you don't focus at all on wooing either of the AI characters, but if you do decide to do so, check out some of the threads out there on which one of them different people prefered. a few hours to complete, but lots of replay to get to see the full content of the game."
,Recommended,209370,22807463,"Posted: 5 May, 2016",all,yo,I liked the console mechanic and the backstory for the characters. Marathoned it in 4 hours and cried reading some of the stories. Be prepared to read a lot.｡ﾟ(ﾟ∩´﹏`∩ﾟ)ﾟ｡ GG
,Recommended,209370,11091245,"Posted: 5 July, 2014",all,Banana Panda Yuu,"A good English-language visual novel (VN) with good (though not perfect) storytelling. It kept me completely engaged once I pushed myself into getting into the story and  getting used to juggling who's who. The terminal screen does add some unique interaction for a VN, but is still an aside compared to the textual bulk of the main content. The ending(s) are quite satisfying, and the bright art and cosplay make a nice balance for the more serious themes.That said, it's a game made for a somewhat niche market, ie. people who are already familiar with visual novels and dating sims. It also goes into some LGBT issues, and the story requires effort on the player's part to want to find out more - it's a complex story that isn't immediately engaging, but it is rewarding.  Prepare to remember a lot of names.If the above descriptors feel nowhere near your style of gaming or storytelling, then this game is not for you. Otherwise, this game is, overall, a small treat.Note: While I'm all for the discussion and exposure of LGBT issues and problems of gender equality, at the same time, this game banks on having dating sim-esque elements (cute, 'pursuable' female characters, albeit ones with morre depth that most dating sims). Am I the only one who finds this a bit weird?"
76561198022382522,Recommended,209370,22816347,"Posted: 5 May, 2016",all,Shadowbear,"Not very long, but quite interesting, thrilling and sometimes intense story.The plot doesn't dive too deep into the science fiction, it's more of a reflection about the society (going into the feminist whining at times).One of the strong points of the game is its soundtrack, which is fine by its own, and makes nice audio background for the story, that is unfolding before your eyes in the text logs.Of the minuses of the game, though quite minor, I can mention:The need to make 2 playthroughs to get the whole picture.You can see almost everything by taking the Hyun-ae's route, but the remaining bits of data (and Mute's comments) are needed to get the full understanding of the situation.Not very logical solutions in few situations where you need to take action, which can make you turn to guides for help.The game leaves you unsettled, in a good way. You can beat it once, discovering about 50% of the story and thinking that you don't need the rest, but soon you will return, feeling that you must see the whole picture.For me personally, ending 4 (or the Mute's route in general) seems the most reasonable, mature and completing the story. Hyun-ae's route seems more childish and fanservice-like, let alone the Harem Ending. But, as was mentioned before, you'll need Hyun-ae to see the biggest part of the logs.Overall, I can totally recommend this game. It leaves you more emotionally involved than most of the AAA's would, so it definitely pays off."
,Recommended,209370,22717433,"Posted: 29 April, 2016",all,matchre,"fantastic and engaging. deeply meaningful and emotional. emphatic pair of words goes here. anyway, it's a good game."
,Recommended,209370,14010302,"Posted: 16 January, 2015",all,Kenshiro,"Sometimes you just wonder where games like this one are hidden. This is the kind of game you want to play but you don't really know what to expect. This is a game to play if your want to read a tragic story, while enjoying the other little details. Will you save them?"
,Recommended,209370,14163267,"Posted: 25 January, 2015",all,ChloroFluoro,I remember buying a visual novel I don't remember buying the ticket for a feel train
,Recommended,209370,14190159,"Posted: 27 January, 2015",all,Yirba,"Although I found reading the log messages (which is basically most of the game) to be fairly uninteresting and tiresome, interacting with the AIs was a lot of fun, and more-or-less makes up for the rest of the game's deficiencies."
,Recommended,209370,9337724,"Posted: 3 March, 2014",all,John Smith,"I liked it. Nothing really fancy. Story wasn't making sense and I could not see the purpose of getting the harem route when you basically must cheat in order to get it. Still, the game was a good waste of time. Kinda wished Digital A Love Story can be here too. Recommend that game even more."
,Recommended,209370,14425419,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,Ciaphas Cain,"Lord Vader gave me this game as a gift for failing to protect the Death Star. I was looking for♥♥♥♥♥♥and hentai like in most VNs. Instead, I found a sad story about a ship (most likely a rebel ship) going nuts in space. Hyun-ae and Mute pulled at my heart strings in different ways. Still planning on going back to check out all the logs and♥♥♥♥♥♥ As a gamer and a Sith, I find this to be one of the greatest 'games' I have ever played, and it still leaves me thinking when I'm alone. Hate Plus is also good, check that one out too.I cannot give a score to this, but I would kill more space monks for more games like this. Good job guys."
,Recommended,209370,14302107,"Posted: 2 February, 2015",all,KiSEKi,Very Good Story
,Recommended,209370,24647215,"Posted: 31 July, 2016",all,wwwdotshutthehellupdotcom,"The Hate Series is one of the more popular visual novel series, and for damn good reason.  These games are at once thrilling, soothing, hilarious and heartbreaking.  If you enjoy visual novels, there is absolutely no reason to deny yourself the experience of Analogue and Hate Plus, and I definitely recommend playing both of them in the proper sequential order to get the most out of your experience.In Analogue: A Hate Story, you take the role of a ""space investigator"" seeking to unravel the mystery of just what the hell happened aboard the Korean Generation StarshipMugunghwa, which has been floating dead in deep space for several hundred years.  As you read the novel by way of unlocking old data logs, you will be partnered with one of two chirpy AI constructs: either the strong-willed, conservative *Mute, or the adorable and affection-starved *Hyun-ae.  Each AI has a unique perspective on the novel's action, and multiple playthroughs are encouraged to get the whole story from both sides.Bear in mind: this novel is not for the faint of heart.  There's profanity, sexuality, intrigue, and some incredibly dark undertones regarding the subjugation of women.  Balancing these tropes, however, is a healthy dose of humor and some straight-up, old-fashioned Asian cuteness.If all this sounds like your idea of a good time, then take the leap.  You won't regret it."
,Recommended,209370,24651781,"Posted: 1 August, 2016",all,silverfox0786,"I dont know how to review this game, when i started playing i found it annoying with its non liniaraity it was causing me to stray from the point and figure out who is who when reading. but you do kinda get the hang of it on second play through. the main issue i really had was the obvious translation from original language to english grammer weirdness that made reading it very flat and i just couldnt trigger my imagination of whats happening when you read a good book or VN.I have to admit though, i did want to play again, just to find out Hyun-ae's side of the story on why she killed her family, Mute does not go into it in real details. and i for real cried when i found out,yeah i would recommend this game even though it not like other VNs its still a good experiencde."
,Recommended,209370,27763832,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,macfluffers,"VNs get a lot of flak among Western audiences, but Analogue is a pretty great example of how the format could be used to its fullest extent. Even though we can only see two of the characters, they are both developed very thoroughly and present a complex and enriched story. I'm really glad the author was willing to make a story about a critical social issue and gave it the gravity it deserved, while also making a very satisfying experience to play through. If you are a fan of using science fiction to explore social issues, a fan of visual novels, or simply someone interested in trying out a new experience, please check it out!"
,Recommended,209370,4480497,"Posted: 25 June, 2012",all,MrSparkle,"Analouge: A Hate Story is a a visual novel, with a fine story, great music, and I wanted to keep playing, trying to figure out what happened so long ago. Pale Bride's story makes you cry.Story starts out with way too many names, but you start to figure out which ones matter. I know they want you to buy the soundtrack, but this game still could have used a jukebox of sorts. Achievements don't seem to work atm...I'll be keeping my eyes out for the next visual novel on Steam."
76561198033265430,Recommended,209370,27825888,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Count Burzum,good story
,Recommended,209370,28093493,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,demiSpirit,A visual novel having a lot to say about sexism without being hamfisted about it.The UI interface and set up for the story is a very inventive and immersive way to set up the play style of a visual novel.All in all this game is a very enjoyable experience for those who want to read about an interesting society and the plights of the people living in it (and pick your favorite AI girlfriend).
,Recommended,209370,4520666,"Posted: 24 November, 2012",all,Tao,"A Visual Novel game, which if you're unfamiliar, is essentially an interactive story. I'm a fan of these but they may not be your preference. Of all the visual novels out there though, you can certainly do worse than Analogue: A Hate Story. The characters are my favorite part of this game since they're very well-rounded.As most visual novels, this one has a lot of reading for you to do and since it was originally Korean, the names are Korean as well and may be difficult for you to remember. Other than that, great VN."
,Recommended,209370,9158093,"Posted: 17 February, 2014",all,Nekai,"Do NOT buy this if you have issues with reading english or you don't like reading. This is more a book than a VN, with some interaction.Also, you will most likely have to read a guide too to understand a certain part so... gl with that"
76561198032329425,Recommended,209370,4117016,"Posted: 29 October, 2012",all,hidenscryptorium,Deep and sad story. A fair share of suspense and emotions - all well ballanced.
,Recommended,209370,27899924,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Efrendi,"An enjoyable and moving exploration with some commandline love. Don't be on the fence, just get it."
,Recommended,209370,28534973,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,atommo,"I enjoyed this. Theres a lot of reading- essentially you're going through lots of historical logs and guaging input from one of two AIs regarding said logs. It took me a little while to get going as it does seem to be an overwhelming amount of information at first, but its not as bad as it first looks.By the end of the game I felt slightly uneasy- in the same way I felt uneasy after I read George Orwell's 1984. If you play it you'll probably get where I'm coming from.So now I've fully completed this game I'm looking forward to playing Hate Plus which delves into parts of the story missing in this game. Also, I've just played Digital: A Love Story which is not on Steam- the only way I found out it existed was going on the discussions board. That's definitely worth a play too, as its set in the same universe as this game and Hate Plus. Infact it may even be worth playing Digital first. (Digital: A Love Story is free, you can download it by searching on Google).One thing to note: the style of Digital is very different from Analogue."
76561198119589609,Recommended,209370,26174474,"Posted: 22 October, 2016",all,MUM'S SPAGHETTI,"Holy♥♥♥♥♥♥ what a journey.I mean, the story is just so well done, the pacing is just superb. Just enough filler to keep you engaged so that when something important does come up, it feels all the more significant. The twists felt well built up to, and many of the characters felt like they had unique perspective, which is very difficult to pull off as well as Christine Love did. Really on a technical sense, there are generally very few bad things, and even those are just the smallest grammar nitpicks.But the story itself is amazing. I wouldn't want to spoil anything, but I only want to say that it isextrordinarilytragic. Romeo and Juliet (to pull the easiest metaphor) never knew such hopelessness, I swear. The two main characters give such a different perspective from each other concerning the events that I honestly think that it just would not have worked without either one of them.The only issues I have are a minor bug concerning getting the 100% log completion and that it was a bit short; I passed the game in 2 sittings, 4 hours total (but I am a fast reader.) The rest of the time I spent trying to complete it without looking up walkthroughs, which did double my playtime.All in all though, an amazing experience that will stay with me for a long time. Seriously get this (also the soundtrack. It's definitely worth it.)"
,Recommended,209370,27073957,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Sigmund Faust,This game gave me a deep appreciation for the genre. Top notch stuff for a reasonable price.
,Recommended,209370,28649232,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,Soft  小梅,"Interesting story with plenty of depth. Really enjoyed interacting with both AI and seeing the story unfold from either perspective. While not particularly long (spent 4-5 hours on both ""routes""), I feel the enjoyment more than justifies the price.Mute is best girl."
,Recommended,209370,28962529,Posted: 2 January,all,Empress Dowager,<3
76561197977777262,Recommended,209370,766555,"Posted: 18 July, 2012",all,Box,"An interesting little gem of a game. An engaging story that's long enough to get you engaged, but short enough that it doesn't overstay it's welcome. It's not for everyone, but if you don't mind a lot of reading and are looking for a story about ambigious morals, human sexuality, and transhumanism this is worth a look. If you see it on sale definately pick it up."
,Recommended,209370,31701419,Posted: 12 May,all,Godon,I thoroughly enjoyed this game. It was a unique take on a Visual Novel and I found myself interested in uncovering more throughout the story. I recommend giving this one a read.
,Recommended,209370,32145767,Posted: 2 June,all,SansCesse,"Great story, really engaging. Very sad in places, but also cute in others. The interface is ultimately pretty linear, but it's more interesting than the ""keep clicking to continue the story"" type of visual novel.I don't like the mechanics of the branching storyline. I think that most people will end up with one particular ending completely by accident, which isn't ideal.85/100"
76561198367097137,Recommended,209370,30217414,Posted: 27 February,all,ursalot,"Honestly, Analogue: A Hate Story is great. It's a wonderful analysis of gender roles and society, all packaged in this visual novel that uncovers the story piece by piece, nonlinearly. Sure, it's kind of on the nose at points, but it's well worth it. It's pretty short, so if that bothers you, maybe get the game on sale? I think it's worth the $10 because of the emotional impact, though.Fair warnings to new players: be prepared to do a lot of reading (although that should be obvious) and keep separate logs from key turning points, because replaying is kind of tedious otherwise."
76561197983742322,Recommended,209370,987318,"Posted: 27 July, 2012",all,Tenchuu,"This is a very cool little slowly unfolding narrative with multiple endings that really opens up a very touching and morally conflicting story. It's almost entirely dialogue driven, and you will be reading a lot, so it's really more of an animated novel slowly unfolding as you piece bits of it together. It goes by fast; a few endings in a couple of hours, but worth picking up if it's under ten bucks. It plays itself off as a sort of dating sim, but really it's not; more of a pychological horror story unfolding. Excellent stuff."
,Recommended,209370,29401587,Posted: 21 January,all,Aria Theo,"Analogue: A Hate Story has not only a fascinating and surprising storyline, but also a refreshing new way to explore its story. One of the top VNs on Steam."
,Recommended,209370,29459449,Posted: 24 January,all,CoolTrigger7,"A great visual novel, if not a bit short. In my opinion, it should set the bar for the standard that all visual novels should strive to achieve; with good writing, animation and interesting character development; being an exciting, shocking and altogether enjoyable to read."
,Recommended,209370,2553332,"Posted: 17 August, 2012",all,The Duder Doosh,"Very interesting game. You surprise yourself by how much you want to keep finding out things in the story line. Also, the story is not very predictable at all and is very original.Even though I ""beat"" the game, 10/10 would play again. I enjoyed the story the first time, and I want to replay it to see everything I missed."
,Recommended,209370,29840952,Posted: 10 February,all,Patche /HxPs/,"Emotional AF, I've only completed one ending so far (ending 3) but now I'm really determined to get all 5 then play Hate+!!"
,Recommended,209370,29866690,Posted: 11 February,all,mastermack0,"My god, I am absolutely amazed at how much fun that was and how great that was. An amazing story and amazing presentation of it! True, little gameplay but I loved the coding elements, the AIs, the music, etc. I had lots of fun. Definitely worth it. A good 2-3 hour game."
,Recommended,209370,34746624,Posted: 4 September,all,michaelius,Really great Visual novel. Well worth the reading with interesting twist on gameplay.
76561198025737159,Recommended,209370,34795245,Posted: 7 September,all,SheepDevil,"I must say, I'm overwhelmed by this visual novel.It is surely not just ""a game you play for fun"" but something you just play to uncover a story, to immerse in that story, in the universe and all.To cover up some basic points:- Yes, it is a LOT of reading- Besides some Clicking and Reading and some immersive light ""console typing"" - no Game Mechanics- Yes, there are Anime Figures in it, no they don't show much skin and there are just twoIf you are looking for one of those things - sorry, can't be found here.But tell you what? It doesn't need more to make an incredibly intense story! To build up Emotions and Characters. Heck, even those I did not talk to felt some kind of ""real"". I hatet them, I loved them, I felt bad, angry, even nervous.This game has one of the best Stories I ""experienced"" in ages. I say experienced because I kind of totally immersed while playing that game. I wanted to know EVERYTHING. I didn't just hunt down every achievement, I wanted to learn everything I could from the game, because it is so well made and because the Information in this game are based on a real period of thinking in Korea.I strongly reccomed this game to everyone who loves good stories, maybe who wants to learn something and to everyone who likes immersive games."
,Recommended,209370,34846981,Posted: 9 September,all,Freak Show,Such a sad story and the format was a lot like being into a book series that had hidden sequels squiraled away in odd places on the internet. Really enjoyed it.
,Recommended,209370,34819954,Posted: 8 September,all,breakthehsell,the handmaid's tale only in space & everyone is korean and already dead
76561198040161375,Recommended,209370,34898110,Posted: 12 September,all,sf0311,"Incredibly good. Well-written, beautifully designed, elegant, simple; effortlessly and unobtrusively manages to ask some profound questions about ethics and humanity."
,Recommended,209370,10469082,"Posted: 14 June, 2014",all,Kinzo きんぞ,"The story of this game is very heart-warming. If you're a fan of interactive visual novels then this is the ""game"" for you. But I'm telling you this right now, once you start liking the ""game"", getting close to the end. Get ready to type faster then you ever typed before."
,Recommended,209370,34339740,Posted: 18 August,all,{Malarkey} Ben-Hassrath,It was awesome I loved it. I'm definetly a huge fan of this game!
,Recommended,209370,33970701,Posted: 2 August,all,Akiko,"I've been following Christine Love's work since Digital: A Love Story, and honestly, not one has ever failed to please. From *Emilia to *Hyun-ae, I've fallen in love with her characters to an immense degree. Her writing, especially for character building, is astounding. I got this game on sale, and coming off of the price of Digital (free), I was reluctant to pay for this game, but after playing, I've found it would have been worth full price either way."
,Recommended,209370,7809949,"Posted: 28 November, 2013",all,etempest,"Analogue: A Hate Story is a well written visual novel game.Something I liked was all dating or relationship aspects, typically found in a visual novel, are minor aspects of the game. The story focused on the journey of discovery of what caused the fate that befell the generational colony ship.Hate Plus was released after Analogue and is a prequel. They can be played independently of each other."
76561198035561995,Recommended,209370,24201562,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,FolcaNight,This game gave me chills.  The story is tragic and is one that is senselessly repeated throughout history.  A grim reminder of how social regression can take hold no matter how advanced we believe ourselves to be.  I almost couldn't bring myself to finish the game.  The horrors of living in a closed backwards society with no escape or enlightenment are overwhelming.  Only the knowledge that this is still happening and will continue to happen in the absence of reason gave me the courage to face the truth of the human beast.  It's not something we should try to hide from or sweep under the rug.  It reminded me of the determination to continue I felt when playing The Walking Dead or Game of Thrones from Telltale Games.  The willingness to see it through to the end and the connection established with the characters make this an enjoyable and throught-provoking experience.
,Recommended,209370,35155712,Posted: 23 September,all,trueyomic,"A very unique way to present a visual novel.  Interesting story and interesting characters.  I would recommend this to people who like visual novels, but want something different."
