user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
76561197974877837,Recommended,209540,7758754,"Posted: 25 November, 2013",all,Spalls Hurgenson,"A colorful space shooter hampered by mediocre controls, it's a step above its arcade cousin by having a storyline and a more gradual difficulty curve. It proved impossible to play with mouse, keyboard or even joystick, requiring me to plug in a gamepad, much to my disgust. Its flashy graphics are often overwhelming, to the point I more than once had difficulty actually seeing the enemies past all the explosions. A lack of variety in enemy ships and tactics and too much reliance on timed missions (especially the absolutely terrible final mission) hampered my involvement with the title. Still, it frenetic combat had its moments and - especially given the desert of space-sims these days - I could hardly turn my nose up at any offering. Flawed it may have been, but still fun."
,Recommended,209540,7757300,"Posted: 25 November, 2013",all,Taerdin,"If you like taking part in large space battles as a one man fighter (or bomber or 'strike suit') this game is competent at delivering that experience. You get to do strafing runs on Cruisers or Frigates, and taking out their turrets or weak points is very satisfying. Using the strike suit is a blast once you get the hang of it. At rapid pace you can lock and then launch about 40 missiles at varying targets, either severely crippling a smaller capital ship or thinning out a fighter formation.The story is somewhat interesting, but mostly only serves to tie together the levels. Checkpoints are plentiful towards the beginning of the game but become non-existant at the end of the game when you need them most to save yourself from having to redo sections that are cakewalks leading up to some very challenging sections.Unfortunately for me personally the frustrating checkpoint system really hampered my enjoyment during key moments of the game. For instance in mission 13 of the standard campaign a character essentially just monologues a bunch of story explanation at you while you navigate some incredibly tight tunnels for about 7 minutes before reaching your destination. There are two major problems with this. First of all the game up until this point does not in any way prepare you for precision flying, with every other level taking place in a wide open space battle. Secondly there are absolutely no checkpoints on this mission and this means when you inevitably die on this level, you must hear the explanation monlogue again... and again... and keep redoing the same simple manuevers.At it's best the game is a well put together space combat game. At it's worst it is an exercise in frustration. Overall I would say that it is slightly above average, and recommend it only to fans of the genre."
,Not Recommended,209540,1847233,"Posted: 2 September, 2013",all,Nalgas D. Lemur,"I was really having a great time at first, and it felt like X-Wing or Wing Commander had jumped forward in time a couple decades. Then I got the Strike Suit, and the game started to feel like it had a weird split personality, and half the time I was playing one of those games, and the other half I transformed into a giant robot in space and played Zone of the Enders instead. It did not seem like they fit together at first, but after playing a little more, things started to work out. However, with the ability to only save between missions and the very, very sparse checkpoints, I rapidly got very tired of having to repeat the long, easy parts of levels just to get another chance at the hard bit at the end. It got frustrating enough that I wished I had a physical copy of it so I could throw it at something. Then I uninstalled the game, even though it's otherwise fun, because I have better things to do with my time than play the boring parts of a game over and over again.Edit: Just for the record, Strike Suit Infinity addressed my main complaint with this game, and I found myself enjoying that a lot more because of the faster pace and ability to jump right into the heavier action. Ironically, I probably wouldn't've been able to get into that as easily and have as much fun with it if I hadn't spent some time playing this one first."
,Not Recommended,209540,8569264,"Posted: 5 January, 2014",all,Zyrxil,"This is the sort of game you -want- to like: an indie Kickstarter darling that wants to bring back the space-shooter with style. Unfortunately, it's just not very good, in many different ways.A quick overview of SSZ: obviously it's a space-""sim"", or what I call a space-shooter. It is not, as you might expect, a game based on the old X-Wing/Wing Commander/Freespace style of games, but rather a 50/50 blend of Japanese space shooters and Freespace. Your aiming reticule is not fixed in the middle of the screen, but floating around, and some missile weapons allow you to 'multi-lock' by sweeping over multiple targets while holding down the missile button. Aesthetically, the anime influences the music (think Ghost in the Shell, not anime schoolgirls). and your transforming ship/suit . Wing Commander/Freespace influences everything else, with capital ships that use both torpedoes from Wing Commander and Beam Weapons from Freespace.To begin with, even starting the game leaves a bad impression. The game's menus are very poorly optimized for mouse control, and its design suggests the devs at some point were trying very hard to prepare to the game for a console release that never happened. In addition, the game defaults to 720P, and inexplicably will change to 720P if you alt-tab to a different window, regardless of what setting you had it on before. The control rebinding is also very clunky, needlessly splitting up the keys into multiple categories based on the state your ship is in. It allows you to have the same key bound to multiple actions without warning you, and this is exacerbated by that fact that some actions will not conflict with each other (e.g. movement keys in the different ship modes) but others will. Which is which is up to you to experience and be frustrated by.Second, the writing is a complete throwaway. The space-dogfighting genre for whatever reason, has a history of having good writing, or at least interesting plots. From Wing Commander to Tie Fighter to the eternally classic Freespace, they all had writing to keep you interested. Not so here. The devs had exactly two ideas: to create a space shooter, and that it should involve a Macross-style transforming space-jet-fighter. There is no interesting dialogue; only one of the characters are even given the barest of characterizations (and he disappears after three missions). Even the backstory to the war in the game is vague and illogical, and contradicts itself in some of the loading screen expository background information texts.Third you get to problems with the gameplay- to put it succinctly, it's simply not fun. The game bounces between far too easy dogfight sections and extremely tedious destroy-the-torpedoes capital ship protection sections. The console heritage is noticeable here, with none of the weapons/shield energy systems management from classic space shooters. There's even a lack of targetting buttons to cycle through targetting enemy ship subsystems. It's all much simpler than fully Western-influence space shooters. Unfortunately, the Japanese influence on the game doesn't add much either. The transforming jet that is so poorly justified in the writing is also poorly justified in the gameplay. You need build up 'flux energy' to even be able to transform into 'mech mode', but the power of it isn't even so impressive. Essentially you use it to be able to spam infinite missiles at Capital Ship hardpoints while you have the transform meter, and to allow yourself the ability to turn much faster than in jet mode. It's not at all exhilarating, which is pretty damn disappointing for a game's central gimmick.A note on the game's Freespace 2 inspirations: when Freespace 2 was released, it was highly praised for how exciting the capital ships made combat, with flak shells exploding around you and massively powerful beam cannons being traded between capital ships. SSZ superficially copies all of this, but completely fails to capture any of the emotion. The sound design is completely lacking, so you barely notice any of the capital chips around. Flak Shells make feeble buzzing on your shield. Completely missing is any of massive weapons rocking your small fighter around in the battlefield. Capital Ship Beam Weapons also lack both a sound effect punch and the actually gameplay punch. They may light up between capital ships, but the damage is actually still done with lots and lots of torpedoes. In essence, all of the aesthetic are 'cargo-cult' ish: capturing the appearance but none of the essence.Lastly, something so terrible it deserves a section it's own, the game's final mission. The developers responsible for creating the final mission should never be allow to design anything again. They should not even be able to voice opinions about other games. The very existing of this game's final mission is a crime against gaming itself. The final mission unfolds as follows: instead of the gameplay from the previous 95% of the game, you find yourself suddenly just flying in a narrow tunnel. Your only objective is to avoid hitting the walls, which will drain your shields and armor, eventually killing you if you scrape the walls too often. The tunnel makes frequent 90 degree turns just so it's not too easy. In addition, all the tunnels look alike, and it is very easy to bounce off a wall, and get turned around without realizing it. This goes on for a minumum of 6 minutes, even if you're holding the thrust button down the whole time, and this is =all without checkpoints=. At the end, you get to make a choice about whether to destroy something for 1 briefly narrated ending, or to flying through more tunnels (timed!) to destroy something else for a different briefly narrated ending that isn't any better.If you are a decent human being, the last mission of the game alone should be reason enough not to pay even one cent for this game. Seriously. Go play something else."
,Recommended,209540,9784322,"Posted: 10 April, 2014",all,Glaceonice,"9/10 Game Play -I like transform-fighting machine such as VF series in Macross. This game have mostly suited me, the process of fierce battle is extremely fun. But the game could be better.7/10 Graphics -The backgrounds universe is beautiful, but the screen is still somewhat simple and crude.9/10 Sound -The game has its distinctive music, I enjoy myself when flying and fighting. People who have bought the mega bundle can download them.6/10 Difficulty -People may find it hard to control the plane well, omni-directional flight can also make someone dizzy.7/10 Lasting Appeal -Just singleplayer mod with 3 level of difficulty, you can play over and over again to reach a high score, but times you must find it boring.Total Score - 38/50 Sehr Gut"
76561197962611703,Recommended,209540,7603767,"Posted: 8 November, 2013",all,Mil'Bereth,"This game is a fantastic shooter/sim.  It doesn't have all the controls of a proper sim, but the handling and vastness make if feel more than just a shooter.  The best I can compare this game to is a PS1 series called Colony Wars, which I felt was also a really good game.  The controls are very easy to learn, and quite solid and responsive.  Your HUD is simple and tells you everything you need to know.  Definately recommend playing with keyboard and mouse if you're not using a flight stick, controller seems a little lacking when trying to execute tight maneuvers."
,Recommended,209540,29218603,Posted: 12 January,all,Dirk Dickbutt,"Strike Suit Zero is pretty cool, I guess.You play as a pilot of theEarth FederationUnited Nations of Earth, which is thrust into a war against thePrincipality of ZeonSpace Colonies  who are on their way to totally player hate on Earth bydropping a colony on itusing a mysterious super weapon. Luckily, the rag tag forces on their way to stop the Colony fleet from reaching Earth pick up the powerful new weapon, theMobile Suit GundamVF-1 ValkyrieDancougaGalvionGaikingJeegValveraveMazinger ZGunbusterActually, a Gunbuster or Mazinger game would be really sickStrike Suit!Fight Jacket One is a game inspired by science fiction classics like Free Space, Homeworld, and some anime I totally never heard of and/or watched. You take control of a fighter craft early on that works just like you would expect a space fighter to work. You can choose from several weapons ranging from the usual cannons to scatter guns, homing missiles, swarm missiles, etc. It's a very competent space-dog fighting game like this with an emphasis on being a small part of a large conflict.See, while you're tasked with an objective, there are dozens of friendly star fighters roaming around the battlefield in between larger ships that all shoot about as straight as I pee. But it helps in making you feel like you're fighting in an actual war instead of just being a single fighter going from mission to mission.But there's also Strike Suit's most standout feature!...The uh...The... The Strike Suit.The Strike Suit kind of turns the game on it's head and makes it feel like a really updated version of those Macross games that used to come out on the PS1. It works as a star fighter, yes, but you can charge a super mode via EXPLOSIONS, once you feel comfortable enough with what you've charged you transform into a mecha style mode and tear up anything in front of you with a complete missile massacre that makes your enemies go ""Wow, that's a lot of missiles!""The Strike Suit itself loses speed, but it makes up for it with a dash as well as overwhelming fire power, it feels great to just unleash hell on everything in front of you with a well timed barrage.Should you play Kerfuffle Coat Two?It's a very competent space shooter with a nice gimmick. But there's a few things that ruffle my tomkins. There are a lot of times where I got stuck in an endless loop trying to get an enemy into my crosshairs, but that just may be because I'm high all the time.Some of the battleships during escort missions lose health so fast you'd think that someone was smashing everything in the engine room with a crowbar during the battle. And speaking of which, the battleships don't seem right to scale.Like I don't think the capital ship could carry all those fighters, or even yours, the starfighters look surprisingly large compared to the ships themselves.Does this review even make sense? I don't know, I wrote it at midnight, but I think I got my points across hopefully probably not.Strike Suit Zero gets 7 people reinstalling Freespace 2 out of 10.Deep Space Nine was actually pretty good.The curator:http://steamcommunity.com/groups/Dickbuttexperience#curation"
76561198044296838,Recommended,209540,32362681,Posted: 12 June,all,diversion,"For me, my definitive space sim is ""Descent Freespace: The Great War"", because it was the first to not only captivate me by story, but also it's, then, fluid controls, independent and ""sentient-like"" AI, and excellent characterizations.  Since then, most space sims I've tried have pailed significantly...until, now.  For me, this is still not quite ""Descent"" but it's by far been the most engaging I've played recently in the genre.  A lot of its gameplay and story points are nothing new (though very well executed), but it's main selling point, imo, comes in (similar to ""Descent"") the grand space battles with independent NPCs...and that's what I love!  You aren't some omnipotent Space Ace, but one cog in a slowly dying army trying to survive.  All of your allied ships from your wingmen to the grand capitol ships cause damage on the enemy...and once you get past the first few missions, there's A LOT of you in the quadrant.  Not only are you dodging that Colonial fighter chasing your tail...but also the stray shots coming from other dogfights in surrounding you.  This is truly the closest, today, that one can come to feeling what Robotech/Macross, Star Wars, Star Trek, Wing Commander, etc. Space battles were like."
,Not Recommended,209540,8022278,"Posted: 12 December, 2013",all,Spearhavoc,"I tried to like this game. As a huge fan of Wing Commander, X-Wing, and Colony Wars I was so ready to love a new space combat sim, even if it leaned toward the arcade side of things.Ugh. Boring missions, terrible voice acting, and lousy checkpointing really strained by patience. The story is kind of fun, but the characters are all broadly-drawn stereotypes that completely undermine anything really interesting about it. The space combat is solid, but when you're grinding through another ""destroy 20 enemy fighters"" objective for the fourth time in the same mission, it gets a little old.Worst of all, the strike suit itself actually sucks. It has a few powers that are essential to your mission objectives, but using it in regular dogfighting makes you far, far less effective. The controls change, so you're disoriented, and by design not as mobile. So you take a ton of damage as you spin around, trying to lock on to as many things as you can with your multi-missiles. Sometimes it works out, sometimes it doesn't, but it always felt like a bad idea.It's a really, really pretty game though, and the music's amazing. Just, not much else about it is."
,Recommended,209540,30235750,Posted: 27 February,all,ニンフィア ❤,"Pros:1. Fun space/flight shooting with flashy effects2. Overall very smooth3. Not very hardware-taxing (old game, of course)4. MACROSS MISSILE MASSCAREEEEEEEE (when in strike mode of course)5. Implemtation of transforming like Macross/Zeta Gundam allows stationary firing in a dog fight which is interesting to play with6. Controls are easy and to-pointWanted improvements (tho Born-Ready is gone so i doubt if it will be fixed at all)1. Sometimes doesn't hit objects even you visually saw it hitting head-on, probably a hitbox bug or sth2. Multiplayer is completely absentCons:1. Plain♥♥♥♥♥storyboard - sorta like Gundam 1-year-war, except no enemy characters are seen and essentially has no plot whatsoever, which really hurts a mecha-based game (and no improvements were seen in Director's Cut). Characters also sometimes doesn't make a lot of sense over the course of the story, although this is circumvented in Director's Cut where most characters were given backstories, have more emotion express, but still overall not good2. Bland voice actor/actresses - The blandness of characters are further worsened by the voice acting which is also as bland as hell. Probably a result of plain storyboard and non-professional voice actors, causing extremely tense fighting like Part 12 doesn't sound right when Raymond doesn't sound too concerned about the large numbers of enemies. Circumvented in Director's Cut where most character's (especially Raymond's) voice are more expressive and coped with the situation3. Last chapter is really a pain in the♥♥♥♥♥to play with - I mean with all the fightings you've experienced in 1-12, you suddenely end up piloting the fighter in tubes of flashing light, which makes already-hard-as-hell navigation and piloting extremely difficult, especially when you are already used to the broad space you've been with.Overall a good game tho, recommended despite the flaws in the game."
76561198071646629,Recommended,209540,15928440,"Posted: 21 May, 2015",all,Lavender the Inkling,"This game is quite fun and a good challenge. Best played with HOTAS joysticks, but supports keyboard+mouse and game controllers, as well, for those without a good joystick available. However, the lack of any sort of multiplayer detracts from the experience, but not too terribly. I also found everything well-made graphically and often rather pleasing to the eye. In terms of gameplay, the titular machine really feels like a force to be reckoned with; however, while all the vehicles feel different from the others, the Strike Suit is the one that really stood out for me, as it most likely has and probably will for others who have piloted or will pilot it.Overall, I give this game an 8.5/10"
76561198042757315,Recommended,209540,8020300,"Posted: 12 December, 2013",all,SamuraiCupcake,"If you want an arcade experience with awesome controls and abilities for some spaceship/mecha action in space, but don't care about story in the slightest, this is the game for you. Gotta like blowing stuff up, but there's also the occasionnal escort mission, where you must... blow up incoming missiles.Graphics : 9/10 - very beautiful environments. Ships look very decent too.Gameplay : 8/10 - It begins ok, becomes super fun once the mecha is acquired, but levels get really hard and frustrating. Things also get a bit boring when things get a tad repetitive.Story : 5/10 - Shoot first, ask questions later. Many, many questions. Cause the plot sucks.So basically : Mecha Blows Stuff Up : The Game, receives 7.5/10"
76561198051610436,Recommended,209540,14781454,"Posted: 7 March, 2015",all,Hamster Jelly,"My advice? Stick around until around mission 4 or 5.Mish 1: ""Wow this looks like crap compared to the screenshots i've seen. Combat is a little dry is there anything else to this game? No? Just combat? oh...Mish 2: ""Nhnn why'd I even buy this space/plane games arn't really my thing and the story to this is pretty♥♥♥♥♥♥♥I mean who the hell is this guy supposed to be? WHO ARE YOU SHOULD I EVEN CARE??""Mish 3: ""Yeah gettin bored of th- oh a mech suit cool. Pretty awkward to control though..""Mish 4: ""These space fights are looking pretty cool now...missles n' ships n' particle effects all up in my face...Think i'm getting used to controling this thing now to...""Mish 5: ""I am Hamster Jelly. Hero of space"""
,Recommended,209540,7883495,"Posted: 2 December, 2013",all,nameoftheyear,"When I was a kid, I played a lot of spaceship dogfighting games, especially Star Wars ones like X-Wing vs Tie Fighter and Rogue Squadron. It's a genre that's curiously disappeared from gaming despite the same appeal -- fast-paced action, reflex & skill gameplay, gorgeous sci-fi settings -- still being alive and well.Out of the blue for me came Strike Suit Zero, an underdog sci-fi dogfighting adventure about gunning down ships, bombarding frigates, and launching 50 missiles at the same time while barely jetting out of crossfire with no shields and sliver of plating between you and space-explosion, all to a pulsing, adrenaline-pumping soundtrack. And let me tell you, it feels awesome.While Strike Suit Zero is not as meaty in content as some classics I mentioned, it is a tremendous feat by an indie studio rivaling the look & feel of many an Ubisoft or EA game, and for the most part focuses on what lean dogfighting action it must.So despite its occasional loose threads (the last story mission is a failure, unfortunately), Strike Suit Zero is a finely-crafted action experience that I'm glad to have discovered, and remain extremely excited about whatever the team pulls off next. Let it be said: I'd pre-order a sequel in a heartbeat."
,Recommended,209540,14771131,"Posted: 6 March, 2015",all,Corran2015,"The funnest flight/space sim I've played since Rogue Squadron on the N64—similar structure too.You'll get the basic patrol mission stuff to start, then you're slowly introduced to combat. The missions are relatively straightforward to begin with. Like Rogue Squadron, eventually the missions start evolving halfway through—simple missions become heated dog fights as enemy reinforcements arrive.The learning curve is a bit steeper than something like Rogue Squadron though; there are a lot of dynamics involved that the game trains you in at a good pace. This is how it's supposed to work.I definitely recommend a gamepad. I'm a keyboard user, but this is the sort of thing gamepads are built for. By the last missions, you'll be twitching and flicking buttons without hesitation or thought.One more thing that makes this fantastic: the soundtrack. The blend of synthetica, ambients and old school woodwinds gives you something along the lines of space-age maritime music. I can't quite nail it down, but they definitely nailed the mood. Cruising towards the black fleet to the harrowing tune of a clarinet (oboe?) doesn't seem awesome on paper, but it is."
,Recommended,209540,3832288,"Posted: 18 June, 2013",all,Michael Wilson,"While this game is interesting and fun, it is somewhat hard to get the hang of. Do not attempt to use just a keyboard and mouse to play this; the best option would be a 360 wireless controller. Even with that you may still be left with playing with the controls. Including the game has a horrible time remembering you choose to not use  inverted controls...The music is decent, however I felt it was not very fitting of the game play, this is also one of the problems I have with it. While the music isn't the focus of game play they could have done so much better with which scores they choose for one. Good example of this would be the temps from eve online. Of course eve onlines music becomes pland after a while, however it takes a rather long time. Within the first 30 minutes of playing this I switched to custom music. (I also own the OST of this)The spikes of how hard this becomes go from, not hard at all, to extremely hard. While that is alright at times, the active save points are horrible and you will be replaying 'segments' over and over again since some things tend to vary.If you are into this kind of thing, or like 'Gundam'-like space play, this may be for you."
76561198019086602,Recommended,209540,12819672,"Posted: 6 November, 2014",all,C4Warr10r,"I don't understand some of the posited reviews saying that this game is too hard or chaotic or bland.The game is not too difficult, it just has a bit of a learning curve. Truly, I thought it was too easy at first. If you're a passable shot in Wing Commander or Ace Combat or anything like that, you should be a dead-eye marksman in this. I went through the first three levels not using the lock-on function. It was only later that I discovered the game has a freaking target-lead reticle. If you cant shoot using that, don't say anything about it because you're a walking advocate for gun control.Of course, then comes the part where you get a mech. Maybe that part was easier for others. I had no idea how to use the damn thing at first. I'll tell you this much; it's not a fighter, but once you get the hang of it and get some strike mode upgrades it's hell on...legs. The Strike Suit is unbelievably maneuverable, not the slow thing some would have you believe. I became an ace with it fairly quickly just by spamming random momvement input and keeping the cursor on-track. Anybody can do that.As for chatoic; yeah, it's chatoic. Gloriously chaotic. Ever play ""Homeworld"" and wonder what it would be like to be an interceptor pilot in one of those mad dogfights where everyone is set to evasive tactics? That is this, glowing contrails and all. Even so, it is not unmanageable. The ""F"" key will helpfully direct you to what you're supposed to be shooting at. Just use it and use it fast because you will need time to orient yourself to which side of the a capital ship or somesuch your target is actually on. An improvement to this game would be to make targets with no LOS a different shade of red.Then there's blandness,  an argument I have seen in every video review. There aren't enough varieties of enemy ships or varieties in missions. I can sorta see that; everything boils down to attacking or defending, rather than including the more diverse missions of space fighters, like attending airshows or flying to Cancun for a weekend.I jest, for there is some merit to the argument. Why doesn't the mech do more mech things, for instance. Well, for starters this began as a freeware game and doesn't have the engine for that sort of thing. For another, it's a Japanese mech so it doesn't have to make sense. It's all about awesome battles set to goregous backdrops and great music. Call me crazy, but getting those out of the way is a major step to making a decent game, so I don't regret a cent of the cost for the steam mega bundle.That said, one of the really nice surprises in this game is not just the chaos, but the frenetic pace of the action. Hands up if you've played an ""intense"" game where something needs to be done ""right now"" and it turns out that you've got forever and a couple of sick days to do it. Not so in SS0, thank the powers that be. When told to ignore the enemy fighters and flak, it's no joke most of the time. You really do have to be quick, especially if you want the juicy upgrades.It's not a game for everyone. If you don't like explosive arcade flight sims, you won't like this game. If you think the Strigoi Squadron in Ace Combat was too easy, you need to spend a few hours in a centrifuge to learn some respect for gravity due to acceleration, but if you're somewhere in-between I think you'll like this game."
,Recommended,209540,17164150,"Posted: 21 July, 2015",all,Z3R0,"Graphics: It has great atmospheric graphics. While the graphic itself is not comparable with Crysis for example, it still is stunning how it all looks. The background, the ships and even the tracers of weapons.Controls: The controls were really complicated. But after the first 2 missions you get used to it and experience how you can do anything you want. From fast barrel-roll dodging to sprint-dashing to an enemy sentry. You have to get used to the game in general.Gameplay: It was absolutely lovely. Pure greatness. It's fast space-combat while you're in the middle of massive ships shooting at each other with an army of tiny ships flying around you. A great space dogfight.  I had a lot of fun playing this game, while the missions were quite monotone I still enjoyed every mission as it's kind of a 'kiting' game. Attack, when your armor is low fly away, get back when your armor is replenished. And honestly: It wasn't even boring.As I got the Strike Suit, the gameplay completely changed! It was still a kiting game, but as soon as I had enough Flux (the power to be the Strike Suit and shoot with it) through my normal ship even as I had low armor I was still offensive with my Strike Suit because you had the opportunity to dash away and had a new fighting system.I absolutely loved it.Story: There are 5 different missions with every of them including something for the story.You're a guy who has been sent in deep in space to join the forces of Earth while they're attempting to intercept the fleet. You're in an interstellar war: Earth's forces (U.N.E, United Nations of Earth) fighting against fearless enemies to protect a planet which is shortly before destruction.You begin as a low-priority guard near Earth. You have an Apex Ship which can't transform into a Strike Suit yet.After an attack, Earth's command say that the enemies are intending to end the war with one decisive strike.They've amassed a colossal fleet and are bringing it to Earth.The story is ok, it gets you fast into gameplay.Music: It pumps you up, isn't obviously repetitive and fits with the atmosphere and the art of fighting.Endings:There are multiple endings. You can choose which one you want. For example, the secondary objectives you choose to complete directly affect the state of Earth and the end of the game. With multiple endings, preventing Earth's destruction is your immediate concern but preserving its future is your ultimate goal.Unfortunately:The game doesn't get any of it's promised updates, which is annoying and sad.And all that for 19€. (18€ with the Director's Cut)I would definetly play it again.Looking forward on buying ""Strike Suit Infinity"" (6€) which apparently puts you in waves and waves of the decisive war."
76561198006571860,Not Recommended,209540,15664419,"Posted: 2 May, 2015",all,Fenris,"This game has been abandoned by the developer. Having both Strike Suit Zero and Strike Suit Infinity, it feels as though they split the story mode and gauntlet skirmish mode of one game up into two separate games that should have been sold as one game at a slighty higher price. The base and DLC campaigns are enjoyable to play through the first time and total to 18 missions evoking themes that make me remember the Homeworld series campaigns. However, there is very limited replayability beyond trying a handful of different ship and weapon loadouts on the same missions.Further, a graphics update, an additional strike suit from Infinity, and a new strike suit design were released separately to a Director's Cut edition. I understand other people may disagree with me, but I feel that these upgrades should have been sold as a DLC for this version. The Director's Cut steam page also has negative reviews noting that the developer abandoned that version as well, with new bugs introduced into that version left unfixed.Unlike Infinity, Zero is mod-able with Steam support. However, few mods have been produced for this game and the community appears to be defunct. There is no mission editor.I cannot recommend it due to the above points. It may have acceptable value if you are only looking for a space combat title to play through a few times then uninstall - even so, I would only buy it during a sale, and I would suggest that you buy Infinity over Zero or the Zero Director's Cut due to Infinity's relatively higher replay value."
76561197968132198,Recommended,209540,8668000,"Posted: 11 January, 2014",all,Gordon_Shock,"On paper Strike Suit Zero should be right up my alley. I am a sci-fi buff and I love to fly fighters (on rails or not) across striking space vistas. So I jumped in this game fairly excited.First the story, or should I say something scramble together that only serves to move the game forward; Humans discovered space travel, humans colonized other worlds, humans divided into two factions, humans fight...and that's pretty much it. I understand this is an indie game but the folks at Born Ready could've worked harder. A great story is usually free.Visually I found the game to be stunning. Even though most backdrops had a ""paint"" feel, everything was most pleasant on the eyes. Sound effects were top notch as well. Explosions, collisions, warning cues, felt meaty and had impact. On the music side things weren't so nice. A good ""Mass Effect"" ambient music is peppered here and there, but during most missions the music defaults to a theme build on arabic rythmns and instruments. To say that it clashed with the visual is an understatement.Gameplay felt solid, controls (with a 360 controller) felt just right, though the default binds are not the best, I urge you to customize them. The screenshots might give you the feeling that this is an on rails game but it is not. There is a mission area with more than enough room to let you try different strategies. On the flip side, mission objectives are all linear and most are accompanied by a countdown.Where things crackle is in the overarching mechanics. The game has 13 missions, each of them long and segmented. The game relies on checkpoints to save your progress and they are NOT evenly placed. On normal difficulty, the game can be hard. More often than not, once you die you will have to replay a big stretch of the mission, any sense of progression is lost and the game becomes a chore.You can also earn upgrades for the suit, but they don't seem to make a lick of a difference. For instance you gain a shield upgrade, but in the next mission the shield is still the same lenght and diminishes at the same speed as before. Furthermore, the only way to gain those upgrades are through secondary objectives, which is fine by me. The problem is that in some missions the game won't offer any visual cues to inform you on your progress OR the secondary objectives are so hard/impossible to accomplish that you simply give up.Pros :-Striking visuals-Solid controls-Variety of ships (you get to fly more than the suit!)Cons :-Some gameplay mechanics and checkpoint system makes the game a chore-Subpar and inadequate music-Upgrade system is useless-Enough with the countdowns-Final mission is a joke-Achievements are a grindFinal note : I can only recommend this game to hardcore sci-fi shooters. Born Ready shows promise though, if they can spend more time refining their mechanics their sequel can be great.PS. The game offer VR support, If I ever get my hands on the Oculus Rift I will play Strike Suit Zero again. On VR this game should be a blast!6/10"
,Recommended,209540,22870268,"Posted: 8 May, 2016",all,Cosmonaut,"Fun arcade shooter, I definitely felt I got my $20 out of it between the campaign and score chasing.If you're trying to decide between this and the Directors Cut, go with this version."
,Recommended,209540,8024337,"Posted: 12 December, 2013",all,Valorous (360),"Remember Homeworld? Just add new graphics, space mechas, a space-flight/mecha sim, and less plot and that's what Strike Suit Zero is to me (which is just as well, since the composer is the same as Homeworld's, in a very noticeable fashion).If you don't remember Homeworld, however, I'll break it down: Strike Suit Zero is a space-flight/mecha sim hybrid with a story that takes you and a small fleet far away from home and into deep space. The objective, or plot, is to take Earth back and a new development in technology, the Strike Suit, will make it possible.The damn thing is the Deus Ex Machina device of the game, and you control it. That doesn't mean that it's necessarily overpowered, however. The ""mecha"" funtion of the ""suit"" is limited to how much you shoot with it. Kills and general destruction grants a special 'fuel' for it to allow you to transform from space ship to mecha form, and unleash pure death. You have to conserve this great power, since your ship-mode isn't the best against all of the enemies you will face, so some strategy and tactics along the way are necessary to stay alive and complete your objectives.The game, overall, is short but challenging. I'll say that, after a few months of picking this up, I haven't touched it much since I finished it, but it's a bit of a guilty pleasure as well. It's hard not to appreciate firing thrity-odd something missiles at multiple targets, and even harder doing the same to large-scale capital ships. And it's in space. And it has great OST.This isn't a game that anyone can really tell you about; this game is an experience. The blend of music, gameplay, and setting makes it good while it lasts. The ending (or endings) isn't the best, but it's not worse than Mass Effect 3's, so the good characteristics mentioned prior more than make up for it."
76561197990395265,Recommended,209540,8335837,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,Chimera,"Almost 10 years ago, I played a mecha action game on the original playstation called ""Omega Boost"". It was fun, frenetic, had massive battles and bosses, and also had a great soundtrack. My game console broke, i lost the CD (still got to pay my friend for that...) and the game faded in my memory...Now, after all those years, I found a game that brought me the same joy I felt back then. If you enjoy space combat, mechas, sci-fi and neat designs, this is a must. Also, some guys in the development team worked on the true RTS masterpiece, Homeworld 1, which is another reason to buy and play this pearl."
76561197975815323,Not Recommended,209540,8620538,"Posted: 8 January, 2014",all,machineabuse,"For what it's worth it's a great looking and sounding game but the dynamic of the space combat is largely disinteresting, boiling down to hosing down waves of enemies or making passes at larger vessels. The only ""tactic"" in this game revolves around the Strike Suite, a contrivance that technomagically charges itself when you destroy enemies. A mechanic that once aquired evaporated any verisimilitude I may have had towards the experience.For all its polish, the mechanics of the combat left me dissatisfied and wanting for more. This game should drop the ""Simulation"" tag and call itself what it is; an arcade shooter."
,Not Recommended,209540,24348213,"Posted: 15 July, 2016",all,Permastun,"Another day, another Kickstarter. This time it’s Born Ready Games and their first foray into the space combat genre with single-player-fighter-turns-into-mech game: Strike Suit Zero. Raising $174,804 with the goal of $100,000 and achieving the stretch goal of mod tools, Strike Suit Zero is another shining example of what crowd funding can do for small time developers. Strike Suit Zero—or SSZ—is a space combat game similar to classics like Tie Fighter and the Wing Commander series, but with one big caveat: you can turn your fighter into an anime styled mech.You take on the role of Adams, a faceless, voiceless pilot who has apparently fallen out of favor with his superiors. You have to earn the trust of your commanders and comrades in order to be allowed to take the helm of a fighter again. You know, a real rebel story, where you’re Starbuck and everyone else is completely incompetent. The story hinges on some cliché elements, like a woman fused with an AI construct, a commander searching for his white whale, and Adams being the chosen one, all of which are totally mismanaged and telegraphed from the get-go.You spend most of the game with your wingman and commanding officer, Reynolds. She’s a fiery, but effective, leader who will deliver such witty monotone one-liners as, “You know the drill, Adams” and “I’ve got your back.” It’s unfortunate that the voice actor seems as if she’s taken twelve Ambien and just wanted to go sleep instead of offering a moderately appealing performance. That seems par for the course when it comes to all the voice acting in the game. There was plenty of opportunity to use the voice work tactfully, but for some reason the best mechanical use is, “They’re going after Adams.” This line is repeated constantly with no context and sometimes no real reason other than to fill quiet time. It’s unfortunate that Born Ready Games didn’t seize more opportunities to use voice chatter as a mechanic rather than ambiance that breaks immersion and falls flat.Mechanically, the game is pretty simple: cycle targets, shoot targets, win the game. It’s fun for a while, but becomes repetitive. Missions are long and don’t vary much. You’ve got the typical escort, kill, bombing run, and capital ship battles that are tried and true tropes of the genre. You can unlock new weapons by earning medals and special objectives, but you really don’t need to grind in order to progress. There’s nothing really new or earth shattering, either. The controls work well, but you’ll likely find a flight stick or gamepad better-suited to gameplay than a mouse and keyboard.The defining disappointment though, is the very thing that separates the game from the rest of the genre. The mech—also known as Strike Suit—is incredibly underwhelming and mostly boring to use. You gain a resource called Flux, which powers the fighter’s Strike Suit mode by dealing damage to enemies, thrusting, or taking damage. Think of it as a rage meter from World of Warcraft. You use Flux each time you shoot or fire rockets from Strike Suit mode. You can gain Flux while meched out, but the amount is reduced greatly in order to get you to use it more strategically. It just feels like the mech could use more unique abilities beyond shooting and firing rockets to make it more appealing.If there is one thing SSZ does well, it’s visuals. The space-boxes are beautiful and do a great job of immersing you in the universe. You really feel like you’re in space, dog fighting, looping, and bombing. The ships are all nicely rendered and have a distinct visual style inspired by countless space operas and animes.If you’re into future-tech animes and flight combat games, you should have plenty of fun playing SSZ. If you like the idea of a fighter that transforms into a mech and expect to get something out of that, you’ll be disappointed. Only around one third of the thirteen missions feature the Strike Suit, which you don’t even use in the first couple of hours. There’s about 5-6 hours of content though, so you will get decent bang for your buck. If that’s not enough for you, there’s always Freespace 2 and the mass of mods being made to this very day.This review was based on a day one retail copy of the PC version of Strike Suit Zero developed by Born Ready Games"
,Recommended,209540,11100798,"Posted: 6 July, 2014",all,Alli ✿,I really enjoyed playing this game. It just looks really pretty and that your space ship can transform is just funny.And i really liked the fac that objectives are clearly noticable on the map because i usually lose the way in this kindoff games.The only problem i had were that in the last map if you hit a wall its just hard to get control again over your space ship.The game itself is a bit short in my opinion but i really enjoyed playing it and it was definitely worth my time and money.So in easy words:Pros:- Beautiful Game- Your ship can suddenly transform ( To funny )- Different endingsCons:- For somereason the controls arent that easy- If you hit a wall you are mostly marked to death in the last missionRating: 7/10
,Not Recommended,209540,24809007,"Posted: 10 August, 2016",all,Xelian,I can't say exactly what is wrong with this game but due to some reason it couldn't grab me. I've finished the rather short campaign (13 missions 10-15 minutes each). The story was unremarkable. The charcter you play is unremarkable. In short - the whole game is unremarkable. It does have a remarkable number of DLC's though.
,Recommended,209540,11941615,"Posted: 31 August, 2014",all,Maestro Pugno,"Strik Suit Zero is a very refreshing take on the tried-and-true SpaceDogfighting formula, and has drained away a lot of my time, despite Steam claiming otherwise. The gameplay is phenominal, it's like playing the balls of god- if they were deep-fried and required a gamepad. The visuals are very flashy, suprisingly bright, and very pleasing to look at; despite not being ""up-to-par"" they definately deserve some praise, because I've never seen so many ♥♥♥♥ing light trails. Not even in Tron: Legacy. The soundtrack is a very calming, yet tense J-Pop-esque compiliation of themes that give me eargasms, and when combined with the sound effects, will make you spaz out in a pool of your own urine. The story sucks. There's nothing that could redeem it, really, read a synopsis. It sucks. Luckily, you'll be so immersed, that you will care about every character anyways, two-dimensional or not. Also, the A.I is pretty great if you ramp it up to hard, other-wise you might find it a peice of cake. HOWEVER difficulty is insane if you want the ideal upgrades on hard, requiring borderline suicial amounts of replays to accomplish. Overall, pick this up over the DX unless you really want an actual story or ninja mechs."
76561198005351852,Recommended,209540,8065483,"Posted: 16 December, 2013",all,Dr. Greenman The Scary Scientist,"I really liked this game, it's quite rare to me see space shooter game where you witness the pure destruction of enemies battleship. It's like that old PS1 game Colony Wars and other space shooter with transformation and space wars, also this game is quite colorful and beautiful to watch and scenery just amazing. Even though, I find this game sometimes repeating some parts and it maybe be quite short story, also it doesn't have checkpoint on when you done the first part of the mission, just after you're finished mission, but it is really good game and I had fun time with it,  I really higly recommend this game when it got this discount and if you're really into space shooters, I also recommend the Strike Suit Zero: Infinity, it is quite fun arcade type of this game and quite challenging."
,Recommended,209540,2593814,"Posted: 15 August, 2013",all,Zweis†ein ( ಠ_ಠ),"Strike Suit Zero is a sweet space battle action shooter.Compatible with Oculus Rift, the well opimized animations and graphics give the player a good sense of diving into the emptiness of space right into the faces of enemies riping them apart with canons, missles and torpedos.A great variety of types of ships will make you set priorities on your targets in order to keep the allied fleet alive. From fighter ships to huge Frigates and Titanic space carriers.The targeting system is awesome, the explosions are nicely tone, you can even see the debris left behind from the ships killed.The battles are impresive and well set.The game also introduces you to a great feature which is getting a ship that can transform into a mecha, changing your movements into vertical and shoot some kinda AA Gatling canons that rip your enemies into shreds.2 things i didn't like on this game.-Having played Strike Suit Infinite (awesome game as well, same features - arcade mode) the music started getting very boring and repititive and had to turn it off at some point.-The final mission of the game is not like the rest. They literally took every concept I hate from all the 90s games and put it in it. Narrow close quarter paths with obsticles, spicky♥♥♥♥♥♥ lasers and a ♥♥♥♥ing timer above everything.And finally I have to say I wasn't satisfied enough with the controls. Not many people seemed to have the same problem with me so you can say it may be just be on this but things seemed a bit too sharp for me.General input: Recommended if you love space action and flying a ship into battles.Do not let teh final mission take down the average experience from the game.Do buy the Strike Suit Infinite for unlimited battles and lots of fun.CheersPS: sorry for crappy grammar, i did this review really fast."
76561198044071847,Recommended,209540,25866658,"Posted: 5 October, 2016",all,Cynical Patriot,"I missed the old space combat simulator games so this game scratched the itch very well for me. I very strongly recommend it. A fair warning, once you get the strike suit, this game will start getting very strong on the fustercluck of enemies, bullets, and missiles.I only got it recently as of this post but I already like it alot*Edit* I don't like the last level but the rest of the game is really fun. It's just a shame the game is pretty short"
76561197980653040,Not Recommended,209540,27736013,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Bryan/Boomer,"the game worked, just wasn't all that interesting to be honest, wasn't bad either, just didn't seem to catch my interest.It needed something more than just air combat to liven it up, I was expecting things to gradually change, but it just keep being the same thing over and over again."
,Not Recommended,209540,8494665,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,Weikai,"Having spent my childhood playing great space combat sims like Wing Commander, Conflict Freespace and Starlancer I was looking for a fresh modern take on the genre in Strike Suit Zero.After a very promising and artistically accomplished introduction (reminiscent of Homeworld) I looked forward to launching into epic space combat with giant robot suits, against a backdrop of an engaging universe and back-story.The game certainly delivers on the former - once the Strike Suit is obtained, there is ample opportunity to rain gloriously intense, multi-directional death on your enemies the likes of which I've not seen in other space combat sims.Unfortunately that's really the only selling point. With your superior firepower, the game quickly becomes an arcade shoot'em up as you take down endless waves of enemy fighters and capital ships. There are the odd stealth or escort missions, but generally the gameplay suffers from a lack of variety. Performance upgrades to your ship can be earned by achieving optional objectives as an incentive to replay missions, but unless you're into maxing out achievements, I did not feel that this was a compelling enough reason to revisit missions. The missions themselves are linear - so if an objective is failed you simply have to restart from a previous checkpoint.The backstory of Colonials vs Earth, alien artifacts and AIs had a lot of potential, but this was not fully explored. The enemy is simply a faceless evil armada hell-bent on the destruction of Earth while your rag-tag fleet are the good guys standing in their way. What prompted them to this extreme course of action? What atrocities did Earth commit to warrant this genocide? Nothing is explained. The characters are equally forgettable. While the voice acting is fairly decent, character development is non-existent: they are simply there to give you orders.With better variety, pacing and story-telling, I would have considered this a great game; it certainly falls short of my childhood favourites. However, as the product of an indie studio, this is still a slick and polished product that is short and fun if you're looking for your fix of gratuitous space battles. And giant robots."
76561198079145742,Recommended,209540,7820295,"Posted: 29 November, 2013",all,Wurzelzweig [Linux],"After playing several space games, this is finally a superb game for action lovers! It's still enclosed in some kind of story, but you can fly and roll around and blast (almost) everything away. :-)  The graphics are not too overloaded but still great - exactly right for a shooter like game. It runs on Ubuntu 12.04 64 Bit very smooth with everything maxed out on a passively cooled nVidia GT430 card. Joypad Logitech Rumble Pad 2 is perfectly supported and you need all sticks and buttons to controll the most important functions. It's a real blast for gamers that prefer action over strategy.2016-05-22: reinstalled and played again on Ubuntu 14.04 LTS 64 Bit with integrated graphics AMD APU 7850 and AMD APU 3870. On both computers it runs very smooth with medium settings in 1920x1080. Only in very heavy action FPS goes down. The game seems to have problems when played with a joypad (Logitech Rumblepad 2) as after a few minutes the game just minimizes. Playing with keyboard+mouse, this doesn't happen. Great space 3D action shooter with nice graphics, good effects and very good sound effects. The latest version supports 3 degrees of difficulty (easy, normal, hardcore)."
76561198013730851,Recommended,209540,25432032,"Posted: 9 September, 2016",all,Underheaven,"This game is getting way to much hate, hence the reason I felt writing this review, since it has caught my heart as being one of the best space flight shooters I've ever played together with that PS1 game back inte the days, what was it called let me look up... ah yes, Colony Wars, awesome game.So there seems to be a lot of complaints about the difficulty of the game. Let be break it down to you, the type of incompetent people that like achievements nonetheless that brought WoW from the glory of its TBC days to the disgrace of post WotLK days, are also the same type of people complaining about the difficulty of this game. If you're one of those people, stay away from this game, and any other game that has an exceptional potential for stimulating gameplay, because we don't want you ruining them.Else, you'll have an absolutely thrilling experience as the game progresses. I still have fond meomeries of the intense, adrenaline rushing and stimulating gameplay as the story and missions kept escalating. The finish was awesome, as were the extra missions added by DLC, especially the ""Impossible Mission"".The music adds an amazing atmosphere and works well with the graphics and artstyle, creating a great experience beyond just merely the gameplay.Now there are only two downsides.The first being optimization for the final mission, which they might have fixed or at least improved since I last played it, which was quite a while ago.The second is that, since the experience is so great, it also feels a bit short, although having some replay value due to its stimulating gameplay.All in all, I'd love to see a sequal, building upon the good that this game already has and improving it even further.Pros:(+) Stimulating, exciting and escalating combat and gameplay.(+) Great music.(+) Nice atmosphere.(+) Sufficiently good story.Cons:(-) Possibly lingering optimization problem for final mission.(-) Would be great if the game was considerably longer."
,Not Recommended,209540,33755042,Posted: 23 July,all,LeQuack,"The targeting system is unintuitive and clunky, half the damn game is escort missions, which wouldn't be so bad except your escort target has to deal with a dozen threats that you can't track well thanks to the janky targeting. The optional objectives go from ""reasonable"" to ""had to drop down a difficulty level and still couldn't hack it"" in the second half of the game, which is bad because you need the upgrades they unlock to not get reamed in those later missions.tl;dr- Needlessly difficult and frustrating, completely killed whatever love I had for it."
,Recommended,209540,832441,"Posted: 12 September, 2013",all,rgk,"Flirts with excellent and boring, depending on the missions. The Strike Suit having a limited time before transforming back to a standard ship, it's actually more tactical than I expected, which is good. Except that there are too many escort missions, and it takes ages to down the capital ships. And there are loads of them to destroy. Dogfights are not the strong point of the game. Still the atmosphere is great and I enjoyed myself for the most part, thanks to the challenging objectives."
76561197983286315,Recommended,209540,9167998,"Posted: 18 February, 2014",all,Vulgate,"Very good game, kinda slow starting but once you get the strike suit it is a blast.  My only annoyance with it is you cant really use a controller the way the reticle works.  Other than that I highly recommend it."
76561197995260060,Recommended,209540,32188975,Posted: 4 June,all,Setokaiva,"Do you like firing 200 missiles at once with a super-fighter that can transform into what looks like a flying mech from the Gundam series? How about fast, fluid and engaging space combat and dogfights that reward split-second reaction times and skillful tactics? If your answer is yes, then you will like this game.I'm just around two hours into the game, and I'm already quite impressed. Especially at the level of incredible power I felt after obtaining my Strike Suit (the Gundam I mentioned earlier) early in the main campaign. Unlike Fighter mode, once you transform, you get the ability to pivot on a dime in midair to blast enemy fighters with highly accurate dual cannons -- especially since there's a button that automatically turns you towards your target so you can do just that. Not to mention the swarm missile barrages, which let me wipe out entire groups of fighter craft with contemptible ease, or strip most of the turrets off a capital ship in a flurry of swirling sapphire death.9/10, highly recommended. It probably won't be your thing if you're not into space combat games, but if you are, this is definitely worth buying!"
76561197961123154,Recommended,209540,32154456,Posted: 3 June,all,SGT_Saunders,I love this game.1. Graphics are solid.  What I mean by solid is not draining on graphics cards but still have great visuals2. I love transforming ships3. I needed something besides Freespace 2 for a space sim these days.4. A very difficult but rewarding game.I had so much trouble towards the later stages but everytime I started it back up I just went at it smarter and with a little more ferocity.I highly recommend this game.  Though short by the standards of Freespace and the Xwing series of games it is still very fun and at reasonable price.A definite must have during a steam sale for sure.
,Recommended,209540,1224274,"Posted: 14 July, 2013",all,`'sinthètyQ,Space battles of epic proportion? Check. Fighter and mission variety and depth? Check. Ability to transform into kickass mechs in order to unleash insurmountable amounts of chaos onto opposing forces? check. Gorgeous looking graphics and the ability to play both 3rd person and 1st person cockpit? Check! Holy♥♥♥♥♥♥this game is all that.
76561198050879572,Recommended,209540,8062512,"Posted: 15 December, 2013",all,BrodoSwaggins,"For those who like to go ""pew pew pew"" in space."
,Not Recommended,209540,16619959,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,Toucan Yeerak,"Does not work under Linux, support does not write back,read about it here:http://steamcommunity.com/app/209540/discussions/0/846943514140795655/#c616199347859504258and here:http://steamcommunity.com/app/209540/discussions/0/846961716295791103/"
,Recommended,209540,16586723,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,subarashii supeedo,Mechs and stuff. The kind of games where you pilot a mech and go pew pew.Boom here and boom there and boom everywhere.Recommended.
,Not Recommended,209540,33312953,Posted: 6 July,all,area52,"I honestly wanted to like this game. The Strike Suit was fun at first, but it got very annoying with the targetting system and the controls for the suit.The ""difficulty"" of the game didn't come from ""how difficult it is to beat them without killing myself"", but it's ""how fast can I beat them so I don't fail the objectives"". This comes from the lack of difficulty dealing with fighters, but frustating when protecting a friendly units from multiple Capital Ships (Corvettes & Frigates).If you're looking for better controls and harder dogfights, consider Everspace"
,Recommended,209540,8656044,"Posted: 10 January, 2014",all,Griffchanimus,Good game. Some elements remind me of the old game freespace the dark decent.  Overall this game is an updated version of freespace with better fighters and interface.
76561197977434234,Recommended,209540,8021960,"Posted: 12 December, 2013",all,Exlorian,I recommend this for the 75% off sale price of $4.99.. worth.
,Recommended,209540,8361925,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,Gamerofthegame,"A good game.It's very simple, a mash up of classic PC sci-fi flightsims like Freespacer as well as arcadey games like Star Fox. In fact, I'd say those specifically. High paced, lots of bloom and explosions as you shread through tons of foes. The game is very mindless - the story is a excuse plot (In a war between EARF and COLONIALS,♥♥♥♥♥♥got real and now it's up to YOU to stop the destruction blah blah) with about four characters in all, but it's not about the story. It's not about being thought out and tactical, it's about you in a super ship that can turn into a robot suit for a limited time and murder everyone in the immediate area. It's about your headphones being a blurr of missile beeps, low energy explosions, objective chatter and explosions all at once.It's also a game that (harmlessly) takes the♥♥♥♥♥♥out on you if you don't meet it's rather the rather strict score requirements of its medals/ranks. (""THOSE♥♥♥♥♥♥EARF PILOTS DIDN'T DO JACK"" vs ""OH JESUS CHRIST."")It's cheap, fun and simple."
,Recommended,209540,8186243,"Posted: 21 December, 2013",all,Narcil,This game is a pretty fun arcade style space sim. The upgrades to you ship are a little hard to get since they are tied to how you do in the missions.
76561198010866683,Recommended,209540,8293331,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,Phoenix,"You loved Colony Wars (Space Opera/Arcade) on PS, you will love it."
,Recommended,209540,8403409,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,glorfind3l,"It's been a long time since I played a game like this, it reminds me a lot of Zone of The Enders for PS2...awesome and recommended!:)"
76561198093607216,Recommended,209540,9416503,"Posted: 10 March, 2014",all,shawthorne50sh,"the game is good i like it, but been stuck on level 4 bait for months can some one tell me how to get pass level 4"
76561198036315744,Recommended,209540,9490895,"Posted: 15 March, 2014",all,magi8800,"Awesome. Good old refreshing wing commander style action with a gundam twist. Get it on sale, DL content is overpriced for what you get, just use basic version."
76561198025838564,Recommended,209540,9412565,"Posted: 10 March, 2014",all,cidgrad01,"I held off buying Strike Suit Zero for a long time because I figured there was no way it would be as cool as it looks. Seeing it on sale at Steam was the final nudge I needed to pull the trigger and I can now say it is actually cooler than it looks. I’m sorry I waited so long to pick up this title.SSZ will appeal to anyone who was a fan of games like Rogue Squadron or Colony Wars on the PS One. It’s not quite up to level of depth that X-Wing or Wing Commander had since this is more arcade shooter than simulation. If you liked those games, though, I’d still recommend SSZ since the whole space dogfighting genre seems dead and you won’t find better nowadays. SSZ has fluid and intense gameplay with great graphics & music. Voice acting is spotty but not bad.The controls may take a little getting used to but once you master them you’ll feel like a boss in the titular Strike Suit. Spamming your swam missiles has a very Robotech/Macross feel and never gets old. I played this with a Xbox 360 controller for PC and found the controls very tight & responsive. No idea what happened to some other reviewers who say the controls are clunky. They may be trying to play with keyboard & mouse but I learned long ago rule #1 of space shooter games is to bring a joystick or gamepad.The missions have a nice variety and are thrilling to play through. The narrative is pretty solid, too, and keeps you interested in moving along. You get scored on each sortie and can also unlock a particular upgrade if certain optional goals are met. Once you beat a mission, you can replay it using any new fighter craft or weapons you’ve unlocked. Some people complain the missions get repetitive and are impossibly hard. I didn’t find them repetitive and they may be too hard if you don’t get any ship upgrades. I’ll admit I went back & switched the difficulty to easy mode to pick up a few, which is an option for anyone who thinks it’s too hard.Best of all, there are checkpoints inserted into the sometimes lengthy missions. This is a welcome feature since you don’t have to keep replaying the same thirty minutes of a mission over & over again when only the last five minutes are giving you trouble. Checkpoints are frequently placed right at those optional parts required to unlock upgrades which again is very nice since, if you miss the optional goal, you do not have to start the entire mission again from the beginning.SSZ isn’t a perfect game but some reviewers are going overboard on their criticism of it. This space & sci-fi combat genre is one I miss a lot and I’ve had a blast playing this game. If you are a fan of any of the titles I mentioned above, you should definitely pick it up. It feels like a blast from the past & a new experience at the same time."
,Recommended,209540,9437186,"Posted: 12 March, 2014",all,TheRogueX,"Holy twirly missiles, Fokker!  This satisfies my Macross/Robotech urges in ways I didn't even know I could!  It makes the anime kid in me squeal like an overeager school girl on Christmas day! I'm still getting used to the controls, but it's smooth and so far everything makes sense.  All in all, a great game!"
,Recommended,209540,2477595,"Posted: 26 January, 2013",all,akj,"Sweet, arcadey fun!"
,Recommended,209540,8516895,"Posted: 2 January, 2014",all,[Mar] Lux,"THERE IS NO ACHIEVEMENT FOR THIS GAME CALLED ""THIRD STRIKE."" THERE IS ""FIRST STRIKE,"" ""LUCKY STRIKE,"" ""STRIKE FAST,"" ""STRIKE SUIT COMBO,"" ""STRIKE SUIT EXTENDED,"" ""STRIKE SUIT EVOLVED,"" AND NO ""THIRD STRIKE."" I MEAN THERE'S ""STRIKE THREE"" BUT THAT'S TOTALLY DIFFERENT.FOR SHAME. IT'S LIKE YOU'RE NOT EVEN TRYING. GET IT TOGETHER, DEVS.no seriously buy this game it's pretty as ♥♥♥♥"
,Recommended,209540,315691,"Posted: 21 July, 2013",all,Tudhalyas,"Strike Suit Zero is not a pretentious game, but in its simplicity it's an astounding space sim. Controls are easy to learn and responsive, the graphics are crispy (not fabulous, but they do their job very well), the music give this game an anime-like mood... and most importantly, the game is insanely fun, with battles against both fighters and capital ships. If you like games like Freespace, don't miss this, you won't regret it."
,Not Recommended,209540,13653390,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,NEhTagHa,"The gameplay is boring, repetitive, and the Strike Suit doesn't really feel like a huge upgrade compared to the starter ship due to its limited usability in Strike suit mode.That said, the gameplay just feels lifeless and boring for the first few missions, and the soundtrack is extremely forgetable, I would not recommend this to anyone who was expecting something straight out of an anime or something."
76561198011226273,Recommended,209540,22268385,"Posted: 6 April, 2016",all,Petr[CZ],A funny arcade shooter with interesting story and beautiful art-work.
,Recommended,209540,8215787,"Posted: 22 December, 2013",all,Hotman911,"Have you ever played a game called ""Sins of a Solar Empire"" and wondered what it must be like to fly one of those fighter planes... this game brings that that thougtt that longing even to life."
,Recommended,209540,17534057,"Posted: 14 August, 2015",all,Blobsey32,"Fun game, first and second mission are a little slow but after that its a great game, especially with the dlc, fast mecha space ship fun XD"
,Recommended,209540,17543321,"Posted: 14 August, 2015",all,Rau Aznable,"If you’re a space games veteran, you’ll find some things in this game that were taken from other space games. For example, you’ll see the large torpedoes and “no need to dodge” countermeasures from “Starlancer”, you’ll remember the flak cannons and ship beams from “Freespace 2”, and you’ll find a Karan S’jet clone. I believe even the missile types are copied from “FS 2”.What distinguishes this game from the others of its kind is the ability to turn into a mech and fire spread missiles at multiple targets. If you’re a fan of mecha anime, this will be pretty familiar to you. It takes some time to get used to this system. However, once you master it, you’ll be fighting like a real “Macross/Robotech” ace, transforming between mech and fighter in the middle of dogfights.You should be warned that this game is also more arcade-like than usual. No power management, no radar, no shield convergence. When you fly a bomber, you have an infinite amount of torpedoes. When you restart from a checkpoint, you get a full ammo reload and hull repair.The story is pretty basic. Colonials want to destroy Earth and that’s all you know about them. There’s nothing about their ideology or personality. There’s no communications from them whatsoever throughout the game, not even a “Surrender or die!”. Enemy units don’t have names, not even the cruisers and carriers.Mission design is the game’s biggest flaw. When you’re attacking enemy fighters and your flight leader says “ignore the fighters, focus on your objectives”, what she means is “enemy fighters have infinite waves, so don’t bother”. Sometimes you have to take out flak cannons before the bombers come in, sometimes you don’t. Sometimes the objective is to destroy the cruiser, sometimes you have to protect the bombers which will do that for you and it’s mission failed if they get destroyed by those infinite waves of enemy fighters. You’ll see so many enemy ships throughout the campaign, that you’ll wonder if Earth ever had a chance to win the war in the first place. On defense missions, you’ll learn to love checkpoints.It’s a fun game. Looks easy at first and it only gets hard when you start fighting the Black Fleet. When you master the strike suit, you’ll love flying it. However, if you played classics like “FS 2” and the X-wing or “Wing Commander” series, it’s likely that you won’t take this game seriously.For example, when I did the bomber mission and realized I had infinite torpedoes plus a ton of missiles for self-defense, I remembered my experience as a TIE Bomber pilot and the bomber tutorial in “FS 2” and I actually laughed."
76561198050434471,Recommended,209540,8580943,"Posted: 5 January, 2014",all,celbrion,"What we have: a space combat game. Do we have much space combat games: No.So go ahead and buy the game, if you like genre.The last space simulation game that I played was the Freelancer. (That's nearly 10 years ago.) Well, this game is not a ""simulation"". We have a pure space combat game here, which will take about 7 to 10 hours to complete. If you want to achieve all the upgrades, then it will probably take more than 20 hours.Battles are solid in this game. Period. Tons of allied and enemy crafts flying around you, explosions, plasmas, beams, all together mixed with beautiful space backgrounds. And you feel like you are controlling a space craft, not a weightless camera. Soundtrack is also surprisingly good and though the story is cliche, it gives a good taste for an arcade game.But don't except Freespace or Freelancer. S.S.Z is clearly a low-budget game than those and focuses only on combat. The ship designs, including the Strike Suit are ugly. Some missions are clearly interesting but somes are very repetitive and so on...You may like the space genre. The last space game you played may be about 10 years old. Maybe you are dying for Star Citizen and want a popcorn along the long way. This game is worth of your money.7.5/10"
76561198011550272,Not Recommended,209540,13536141,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,Aniphorah,"This game is slightly below being ok.  Didn't have anything that wanted me to play for more that 5 minutes.  Too gereric. Movement seemed to lag behind Joystick input.  Not real percise movements.  I guess with some tweeking that could be improved.  But I didn't bother.  There just isn't enough appeal there for my taste.  However, I didn't feel too much remorse having Steam Deleting it from my library the day after I bought it.  But at least this game didn't suck as bad as Vector Thrust.   Man that game really sucks."
,Recommended,209540,8215908,"Posted: 22 December, 2013",all,SKiTTLE,SPACE ROBITS GOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
,Recommended,209540,8049537,"Posted: 14 December, 2013",all,YourFriendLoke,"If somebody were to ask me for a good space combat game, I would tell them to buy this right away. It is an incredible experience with a slight learning curve, but then all great games have a learning curve. It also has steam workshop which gives it almost infinate new content."
,Recommended,209540,252405,"Posted: 29 January, 2013",all,hyp36rmax,Finally a Mecha game on the PC! This game is a challenge and I hopefully someone mods it with a Macross theme.  It just screams Itano circus!!!!!!!
,Recommended,209540,8063069,"Posted: 15 December, 2013",all,Xyphy,Been waiting for something this awesome since XWing.
76561198018194351,Recommended,209540,8064446,"Posted: 15 December, 2013",all,ThePawnmower,"Pretty fun so far, only played it a few times, but the action gets going quickly and takes me back to the days of Descent and Wing Commander. Picked it up on a sweet sale for $5.00 but could have spent $15.00 and not been disappointed. It is pretty basic combat, but several little nuances will make you always want to get just a little bit better."
76561197999979820,Recommended,209540,8068007,"Posted: 16 December, 2013",all,Victor,"Awesome game for the little money it costs. Reminds me a bit of Battle Engine Aquila, that I used to play when I was just a kid. Played it for 5 hours now and I'm at 51% through the campaign, but missions are getting harder and take longer to complete them.Graphics are good (1920x1200, graphics options maxed out), but not outstanding. The engine handles the big fights with lots of ships and explosions at the same time very well, with almost no framedrops. Would be nice though if the background had a higher resolution.Controls are very intuitive, but there is quite a learning curve to use the ship optimally. I see some people complaining on the web about (lack of) checkpoints, but there are plenty in my view. About 2 or 3 checkpoints in every mission (missions take 10-30 min), you can't manually save however. Storyline is not that great, but who cares, you get to blow up fighters, bombers, frigates and sometimes even cruisers, and lots of them! You can also fly in realistic in 3 dimensions, meaning you are not stuck in a sort of 'plane' that some space games have.Personally I like the soundtrack that comes with the game, but that is of course very subjective.One thing irritates me bit though, the game has a lot of very loud explosions. In (real) space you wouldn't be able to hear any sound at all."
76561197982798425,Recommended,209540,8075882,"Posted: 16 December, 2013",all,SlaughterSkin,"Strike Suit Zero is a game that has me completely and utterly engaged in space flight and combat.  I cannot stress enough how fun this game is!  If fast paced frenetic action with a lot of stuff blowing up seems like something you could have fun doing then by all means stop what you are doing and buy this game right now!  I have to say that this game is not for the faint of heart because it will have you moving on from one enemy to the next and then wishing the level didn't end because you had so much fun blowing stuff up.I have only encountered one problem and that I am getting a pretty horrendous screen tearing, even with a Nvidia GeForce 770m.The lack of multiplayer is also a little bit depressing as I would have LOVED to blow freighters and carriers up with my friends and even partake in dogfights in huge strike suits over vast open space.This game needs to be played.  I'm a firm believer in giving this 9/10 because of the price, the arcade action, the visuals of constant explosions, and the amount of insanity on screen.  I only wish it was longer as I'm on the last mission already."
,Recommended,209540,8099020,"Posted: 17 December, 2013",all,Magnum Mongoloid,"Probably the most beautiful game I've ever had the pleasure to play, and my computer can only handle it on the lowest graphics settings."
76561198047730669,Recommended,209540,8113654,"Posted: 19 December, 2013",all,HeavyArrow,"spAce combat, to put it shortly.Game is really fun, dizzying at times, and just overall fun! If you like flight simulation/space simulation, this is honestly your game. Beautifully designed, the backdrops for the game are tremendous. Not to mention the scope of the playing field is literally on galatic proportions.Though if you mess up on the last mission, the game punches you in the nuts."
76561197970116572,Recommended,209540,8209379,"Posted: 22 December, 2013",all,d623user,"Couple of forgivable flaws but overall a top notch space shooter with an epic,y feel to it  :)  8/10"
,Recommended,209540,8022864,"Posted: 12 December, 2013",all,phylum sinter,"Strike Suit Zero is a love letter to your nerdy, nerdy childhood - a time when it was reasonable to buy several $200 flightsticks and throttles just to pretend you were flying around space, chasing bandits down and wondering just what made that strange backdrop of exploding stars happen. The combat is quick, making it feel very arcade-like most of the time but there is still plenty of room for tactics, which become necessary to master towards the game's ending. The story element is presented through decent dialogue, but I never felt that i was really into it for that, this game is for those that love dazzling fireworks in a free moving environment, and not for those that get motion sickness at all. Definitely one for the couch, too - the trails of your missles create an atmosphere unto themselves that is at once exciting and zen-like to behold.If you can handle the anime-touched sensibilities inherent in the ship & character designs, and the idea of a transforming ship makes you smile, you'll have a good time with SSZ, worth the asking price for those who've missed good space shooting for the past decade (and a no brainer for everyone else when on sale)."
,Recommended,209540,8540173,"Posted: 3 January, 2014",all,kgrrid,"Strike Suit Zero is one of the best space simulators to come along for a long time, and is comparable to Freelancer, Homeworld and O.R.B. in terms of enjoyability. While it has striking similarities with Project Sylpheed, it concentrates more on action, fighter-to-fighter dogfights, and smaller realistically-powerful weapon loadouts. The story is somewhat watery, but is a tried and true plot; the interactions with Control (and the A.I. 2.0) are amusing and probably simulate true intelligent and powerful A.I. There is a wide variety of settings for playing the game, and even the mouse and keyboard (for me) worked wonderfully. I would give this a 9, 9.5 maybe out of 10, and would recommend buying this, especially if you can get it on sale, to any lover of space games that aren`t strategy."
76561198044028398,Recommended,209540,33371264,Posted: 8 July,all,ZoomBeast,Great game with good variety.Would love to see a sequel with:More campaigns and game modesMore weapon customisation options (Eg: Allow rail gun to be placed in energy weapon slot)Better control customisation options (Eg: Option to fire secondary gun without having to switch between firing modes)Target priority customisation (eg: Primary & secondary targets)More ships to choose from (eg: Missile interceptors)
,Recommended,209540,284988,"Posted: 22 May, 2013",all,Ausdrake,"It's a shame we live in a world where a 65 rating is considered bad and not just average. In light of this, screw Metacritic.SSZ is a straightforward, arcadey space combat game with a twist. Being able to transform into what's essentially a Gundam is a great spin on the genre, and you get a real sense of power when you do; casually swatting away swarms of enemy fighters and missiles like they were nothing. Yet it balances this power with an energy bar of sorts, the more enemies you destroy, the more the it charges, making you swap between the two forms often, which keeps the pace of the action high and stops it from degenerating into constant dogfights.Strike Suit Zero is a pure fun. If you like streamlined, action oriented space games, this is easily one of your best options available. It's a simple beast, but it's also a fast paced, satisfying, and damn good looking game."
,Recommended,209540,2722447,"Posted: 27 May, 2013",all,Barbaric Space Whale,This game is simply amazing. Giant robots in giant dogfights in space? Yes please! The music is also really cool.
,Recommended,209540,10203913,"Posted: 22 May, 2014",all,we get shoot shoot now :(,"This game is FREAKING AWESOME! You are a jet/mecha (Think Robotech) flying around blowing up colonists to save Earth! The AI is actually quite challenging, and the vanilla game provides a good experience alone. I would say this is a great game if you have a controller or flight stick for input, but the keyboard and mouse setup isn't bad either... However, with a flight stick, the way the HUD reacts to your movements is quite immersive..If you have a flight stick you owe it to yourself to play this. Expect an arcadey experience for progression through the game. The story isn't anything special, more of a placeholder for reasons to blow♥♥♥♥♥♥up.The game delivers in all departments that it promises. I intend to check out the DLC when it goes on sale."
,Recommended,209540,34462895,Posted: 24 August,all,Beast Slayer,"It's a compotently updated take on the space fighter combat simulator that hasn't been seen since the end of the 90's, with touchs of Homeworld, Halo and Gundamn to make it more than a nostalga fueled Freespace Clone.So nice atmosphere, nice ships, engaging combat and an engaging story. The only knocks I can give it are that there is nothing except the scripted story missions and the controls are a bit unintuitive (though half the fun of  the freespace games was trying to fight the shivans and the byzantine targeting controls at the same time)So good job Devs, the thing is worth every penny at 20 bucks."
,Recommended,209540,8238304,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,AkiSakura,"HANDLING - 3/5FUN - 4/5GRAPHIC - 4/5- the space battle similar to gundam, armored core, i guess. ... using keyboard.. its difficult to handle... a little bit -- by beginners- fun to play, if you think you want to kill spaceship, jetfighter, and save your colony...so far, i feel great with this game."
,Recommended,209540,2850606,"Posted: 23 January, 2013",all,PR0XIDIAN,"Best dogfighting game I've ever played. This game is seriously amazing. I've been waiting for a game like this to come out for ages. This is a shut up and take my money moment. This game is worth much more than the measly 20$ asking price. Get the deluxe edition. The soundtrack is great. Also. This game is great with a controller, highly recomend a 360 pad. Now stop reading this and buy now. ~PR0XIDIAN"
76561197978860922,Not Recommended,209540,35292541,Posted: 29 September,all,sareninden,I really loved this game but the last months I cannot play it anymore. The screen resolution cannot be set anymore. It says full screen with a custom resolution. If I try to change the resolution I get an empty dropdown list.The game it self runs on 1280x1024 which looks terrible on my monitor which is full hd (it just shows a floating window in the middle of my screen).
,Recommended,209540,8068257,"Posted: 16 December, 2013",all,CloneZZ,"Much better than I expected, definitely satiate my hunger for space combat games like Wing Commander and Freespace.Graphics are not AAA quality but it is not bad. The exhaust trails and the Strike Suit power definitely gives it a Macross homage, gameplay and the difficulty are decent enough that you have to redo some of the missions to get a better results for a different ending which adds to its replay value.For 5 bucks this is a NO BRAINER!!!"
,Recommended,209540,8126631,"Posted: 19 December, 2013",all,eballz™,This game kicks♥♥♥♥
76561198031292831,Recommended,209540,10537547,"Posted: 19 June, 2014",all,blu30ri0n,"Carl approves! Graphically amazing! Enjoyable game, unless your epileptic!"
76561197962503802,Recommended,209540,8403199,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,e^iπ+1=0,Eye melting fun.
76561198055458359,Recommended,209540,18486989,"Posted: 15 October, 2015",all,Tacofright,"There is nothing quite like seeing a few dozen target-lock markers light up a large spaceship before an equal amount off missiles all fire off at once and blow it to bits as you duck and weave through the vacuum of space already in the process of blowing other things up in a spaceship/mech suit hybrid.*takes a breath*I kind of love this game. You should pass up this version for the directors cut (which has more content, better visuals and a more interesting plot). There is also a stand-alone game for those who dont care for the story, where you just blow things up in waves that get progressively harder while upgrading your fleet to fight alongside you (Strike Suit Infinity).But if you want to opt for the cheaper version of the game, by all means. ITS REALLY FUN!"
,Recommended,209540,21954122,"Posted: 20 March, 2016",all,AdenRalumdan,"Fantastic for mecha, sci-fi, and dogfighting fans alike. The mecha suit is a great addition to any dogfight, and the feel of the interceptor mode FEELS fast. Only drawback is a mediocre story."
,Recommended,209540,13478279,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,rekkazan,"Buying this game was somewhat of a gamble to me.At first I only wanted to play some space sim because I missed Freelancer, and I got disappointed quickly because apparently SSZ is not an open world game. It's more of an arcade/action game, with level-based progression. However, just because it's not open world doesn't mean it's a bad game. In fact, it's really cool!Gameplay is fast, control is so smooth and works well both with mouse-keyboard or gamepad (I prefer gamepad though). Cockpit view is nice, and the graphics are good enough albeit nothing special. The difficulty is a bit high at times, especially if you want to get the Optional Objectives. Once you've unlocked the Strike Suit, the gameplay changes DRAMMATICALLY. It feels so empowering, so great to be liberated from the normal movement of a spaceship.The soundtrack is also pretty good, especially when it includes vocal track by KOKIA (one of my most favorite Japanese singers).  You can get the Strike Suit Zero Mega Bundle cheap these days, so I recommend you buy the bundle altogether. It's a fun game!"
,Not Recommended,209540,16429815,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,Esufer,"Kinda mixed feelings on this one.  Soundtrack is unbearably annoying, and it's just average through and through. Seems like the kinda thing that could get better if you put a bit of time in, but I don't think I could honestly reccommend it to anyone with much better space combat sims on the market. Also expect to be underwhelmed when you get the strike suit. It feels a bit like ZOE without any soul in terms of atmosphere."
76561198085636608,Recommended,209540,17524435,"Posted: 13 August, 2015",all,TomKevanBruce,"This game is OK.  The redeeming aspect of it is the gameplay, which is as good as you can find right now for a space sim.  It's fun and engaging, and both fighter and strike suit modes offer different forms of gameplay gratification.  The graphics are pretty good (with exception to their implementation of intergalactic warp speed which is just a tacky visual distortion effect).  Production value on this game is quite limited, but this is an indie game from a small studio with more limited resources, so I can overlook things like poor voice acting and purely text-based mission briefs.  The video demonstrations of your weapon options from the loadout screen is a nice touch though.Unfortunately, the story is worthless.  It's completely unengaging and doesn't do anything to build out any of the personalities the game tries to expose you to.  The plot and characters are all derivatives of implementations from classic games from this genre, but here they're combined into a rather formless blob that fails to really compel you to care about anything going on in the game's universe.  The missions are all artificially longer than they need to be, and only support checkpoints.  The difficulty is inconsistent from mission to mission, and the controls have a rather substantial learning curve due to them not using any previously established standard for flight controls in favor of developing one of their own.  Team AI also seems to be lacking and all too often it's up to you to destroy the overwhelming majority of enemies in order to ensure mission objectives are completed.As a game that was inspired by the likes of the Elite series and Freelancer among others, the fact that this game has an exclusively linear mission schedule is a bit disappointing as well.  While overall SSZ has more bad things going on than good ones, by playing the game you actually spend more time engaged with what works in the game than what doesn't.  I feel an apt comparison for this game would be Square's Project Sylpheed, which has nearly identical flaws, but substantially worse flight mechanics.  SSZ would be best described as a better version of that game."
,Recommended,209540,8076730,"Posted: 16 December, 2013",all,Archemist,"11/10, would bang"
,Recommended,209540,8019138,"Posted: 12 December, 2013",all,Petersaber,Detailed review is available here:www.youtube.com/watch?v=c5rjmr2GllEConclusion at 19:34
,Recommended,209540,29445466,Posted: 23 January,all,Yato,"Great game, graphics and effects are awesome. Combat and gameplay are good. Wish they would make an mmorpg out of this.Last mission was annoying because of how dark it is.Overall, great game. Definitely buy when it's on sale."
,Recommended,209540,9374765,"Posted: 7 March, 2014",all,Princess Miku ❤,Extreme! XD Fun! Love da Mecha! It's like Gundam! Transform spaceships into Robots! Super cool 8/10! The controls are a bit tough though needs practice! Overall Whale! :3 Love this game XDDDD╭━━━━━━━━━╮╭┓┈┈┏╮┃┈┈┈┈┈┈┈┈┈┃┃╰╮╭╯┃┃┈┈┈┈┈┈┈┈┈┃╰━┓┏━╯┃┈┈┈┈┈-●┈┈┈╰━━╯┃┣━━━━━━╯┈┈┈┈┈┈┃╰━━━━━━━━━━━━━╯﻿
76561198104050564,Recommended,209540,26647125,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,Air Raid,"If your looking for a game similar to No Mans-Sky, I say Strike Suit Zero is close to it with a few twists.  The enviorment you fly around in is beautiful both in a third person view or in cokpit view.  The graphics are way much better in this game than in the first game Strike Suit Infinity.  The core gameplay in Strike Suit Zero is balance between simulation and arcade shooter, creating an excellent combat experience so says IGN: games and entertainment media company.  So yes the fighter craft combat is very welldone and is very enjoyable, it will be hard to control at first but as you continue playing through, you'll get the hang of it and then the gameplay will be much more easier.  Also this game hs a great storyline to it with awsome cutscenes.Heres the idea of what the story is like: In the year 2299, an interstellar war rages on. In a bid to save Earth from destruction, you must take control of the Strike Suit – a revolutionary fighter craft with the ability to transform into a lethal suit of space armor. Immerse yourself in massive fleet battles where your dog-fighting skills will directly affect the fate of the cosmos.  Discover a colorful and vibrant universe, with an epic story where the fate of Earth hangs in the balance and your actions will determine the outcome: preventing Earth’s destruction is your immediate concern but preserving its future is your ultimate goal.Other than that I highly Recommend you to play Strike Suit Zero."
,Not Recommended,209540,16342978,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,❗️❗️ Annex ❗️❗,The whole transformation system I couldnt possibly hate more.
76561198006301875,Not Recommended,209540,16007597,"Posted: 25 May, 2015",all,The Watcher in The Dark,"I wanted to love this game, I REALLY did.  Mech fighting suit in space?  Why aren't there more like that?But it just doesn't work here.  The suit is hard to control and feels sloppy.  The battles are repetative, mostly because you die so easy and so have to hide all the time.  Nothing really that cool looking in space, which is sad."
,Recommended,209540,12692494,"Posted: 30 October, 2014",all,tama,"Badass mecha game, gameplay is splendid, feels so much like freelancer but with more fight and less freelance"
76561198075138125,Not Recommended,209540,15977026,"Posted: 23 May, 2015",all,Redeemed,Too many levels of grinding only to have your objective ship you're supposed to be protecting do something stupid and get blown up.  Then you get to start all over.  Don't have time for this kind of nonsense any more.  Not really worth it even on sale.
,Recommended,209540,23825742,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,Meo,"Why the hell this game looks so underrated? tbh it has a good gameplay and content too.gosh, I really looking forward for the other series of this game!!Dat ""Metal Garurumon"" tho..."
,Recommended,209540,33016880,Posted: 29 June,all,lazyfox117,*cough* gundam wing *cough* *cough*but if you need some space shooting you can pick this and be the gundam pilot you always wanted to be
76561198053587467,Recommended,209540,8055733,"Posted: 15 December, 2013",all,Galanor,"The only good modern space combat game I've found so far.- Looks pretty,- Engaging, large scale combat against a range of enemy ships,- Plenty to unlock (ship improvements),- Only takes about a solid day to complete most of the main campaign, though there is some replayability in getting all unlockables and getting platinum awards on each map (highscores),- This is the kind of combat I'd like to see in a good space sim (with an economy and a larger variety of pilotable ships),- That isn't part of what this game aims for though and It's still definitely a bargain at 75% off."
76561197998008721,Recommended,209540,10634087,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,Gad,"Simple game, but tremendously fun.The story is a bit silly, though."
,Recommended,209540,10512171,"Posted: 18 June, 2014",all,Dare,"Graphically overwhelming, Strike Suit Zero has the fun of a spaceflight sim with Gundam-esque combat sequences. Do not purchase the game for the story. I couldn't continue my play as the game gave me a rare bout of motion sickness, but I certainly had a good time enjoying the space fighter gameplay."
,Recommended,209540,7949590,"Posted: 6 December, 2013",all,CountZero,"I took down my earlier review after giving up trying to reconfigure my logitech gamepad and settling with KB+M.  Since I play most of my games using the latter, I don't know why I initially tried to shoehorn the game controls to the former.  The only thing I rebinded were plasma shot/missle selection and single/double shot toggle to the scroll wheel and mouse button 3 respectively.  Then I lowered the sensitivity of strike suit mode to match that of the ship.  After that the gameplay opened up and I must say that it is now smooth like butter.  Nothing is more satisfying than whizzing around a capital ship in strike suit mode and stripping away all of its turrets leaving it as a defenseless husk ready to be taken down.  Anyways, the story is not anything worth writing home about, but it serves its purpose in moving the game along.  The backdrops are beautiful and the gameplay works for me after tweaking some of the lackluster default bindings."
,Not Recommended,209540,13540989,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,Codex,"buggy, would love to get my $$$ back from steam but dunno how."
76561197970520668,Not Recommended,209540,10920721,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,Medereyes,Yet another action game with save checkpoints? Lazy programming. Worse yet is that you will execute several phases of a mission before you reach an autosave point. No thanks.2/10
,Recommended,209540,9262580,"Posted: 25 February, 2014",all,Armani,"If you watch the trailer, and stopped for a second to think ""wow this game looks pretty good"" you should stop right there and buy it. Personally, its brilliant - combat is fast and frantic, dogfights against impossible odds have you diving, rolling, and charging - guns blazing - around the map. Thats not to say combat is easy. There are moments when piloting elegantly and unleashing the variety of weapons in your arsenal becomes extremely difficult - and this is completely forgetting about the ability to rapid transform into a flying combat mech that can wipe out entire fleets with missile barrages and cannon fire while dodging incoming missiles.Cons of the game? No free play, just campaign. Lack of enemy units. Enemy units prefer to use swarm tactics to beat you - individual fighters have no combat skill. But the pros of the game outweigh its cons by far. Get the game, if you like games like this."
,Not Recommended,209540,19027444,"Posted: 11 November, 2015",all,Robotic Godzilla Doppelgänger,dropped support for oculus screw you seriously
76561198003971430,Not Recommended,209540,19380371,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,Dog With A Hat,"Strike Suit Zero has strength in its guns, but none in its voice.The story is about as compelling as piece of cold chicken. There's no effort in building any kind of drive outside of 'there's the bad guys and their ships are red, kill 'em.'Guns shoot and kills as they should, that's their job after all. The idea of a gundam starfighter just blows me away, this is the most fun I've had in an aircraft game.The later levels are obnoxiously long, and there are no save game slots for during missions. Either you beat the level and wait ten minutes for the next one to start, or you die and wait five minutes for the level to restart.This game is broken in comparision to Strike Suit Infinity, Zero being not worth the effort to beat.5 out of 10 stars"
,Recommended,209540,7506096,"Posted: 28 October, 2013",all,Gatts,Muito bom! Recomendo! :D
76561198006592387,Recommended,209540,8063247,"Posted: 15 December, 2013",all,Hyllus,Very nice game
,Recommended,209540,8084453,"Posted: 17 December, 2013",all,I88I,"It brings wonders, it can disappoint, and nevertheless, it will impress you as you try it.For me, outstanding 3D FPS space flight simulator.Pick it on sales. :D"
76561197971451104,Recommended,209540,8219473,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,Moooocow,Great game
,Recommended,209540,18132302,"Posted: 21 September, 2015",all,sulakhe.akshay,"Quite nice game, with good music and awesome game-play. Absolutely recommended."
,Recommended,209540,8720072,"Posted: 15 January, 2014",all,shaken,"Not bad. Looks really good visually, unique soundtrack, and the combat is pretty good, but there isn't much to it. The campaign feels sort of generic although the ship design is cool. Overall it feels like it would be a killer multiplayer game and the lack of multiplayer kind of wasted its potential for me.The Linux support is really nice, I haven't had any problems with it. (Tried it on both Intel HD 4000 and Nvidia GTX 770 graphics.)"
,Recommended,209540,18301931,"Posted: 2 October, 2015",all,Remarkably Cavalier,"Star Lancer was the best $5 I spent. My friend and I came across it at EB games about 10 years ago.This game is not quite like Star Lancer, but close enough. A must buy for space combat lovers. Doesn't have the feel of really changing your ship around and really going in on missions with a ""What the hell will happen?"" attitude, but like I said, close enoguh.Get it, and if it's on sale, YOU BETTER BUY IT."
,Recommended,209540,940192,"Posted: 24 March, 2013",all,Tasker 2016,This game owns and the 65 metacritic score courtesy of idiot EuroGamer reviewers who were too stupid to even complete the tutorial should be proof of that.  Game of the Year.
76561198019147214,Not Recommended,209540,9446036,"Posted: 13 March, 2014",all,Cephalon,Game was good till the last level its is almost impossable for someone thats not use to flying thourgh death trenches and getting to the core in 6 mins.......
76561197998597178,Recommended,209540,12652468,"Posted: 26 October, 2014",all,MechaShadowV2,"If you like Space shooting mecha action with a GITS style soundtrack, you should get this."
,Not Recommended,209540,8593153,"Posted: 6 January, 2014",all,Captain Mercer Ed,"It's not what I hoped it to be. The controlls don't feel nice and the graphics are really outdated. I just payed like 6 euro's for it but in my opinion it isn't even worth 1 euro. Too bad though, seeing the trailer it had a lot of potential but after playing just minutes I already wanted to quit."
,Recommended,209540,12797572,"Posted: 4 November, 2014",all,Gyme,"I didn't beat this one, I beat the Director's Cut because it was on sale to upgrade for like $2, but either way this game was a lot of fun."
,Recommended,209540,12955688,"Posted: 15 November, 2014",all,yatesfam,"Fun game and very fast paced.  The game isn't repetitive, it's an arcade style ship combat game... it's the nature of the game!  What do you expect, crafting etc?  The game is a lot of fun and I suggest picking it up as soon as you can!"
,Recommended,209540,11311211,"Posted: 18 July, 2014",all,viperbjw2,"While there are few cutscenes, the graphics and gameplay for this transformer like space battle game will have you flying around blowing stuff up for hours!"
76561198122687114,Recommended,209540,33047515,Posted: 30 June,all,The One True Hotdog,Strike mode rockets are my best friends ;)10/10
76561198088834460,Recommended,209540,12734090,"Posted: 1 November, 2014",all,Avengerwill,Awsome combo of star wars and Gundam
,Recommended,209540,7747689,"Posted: 25 November, 2013",all,john versus the volcano,I like flying around and shooting♥♥♥♥♥
,Not Recommended,209540,13627613,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,wumpshire,"Controls don't work on Mac. I am using an Xbox controller and you can't stabilize the ship. Terrible controls for a flight game, don't buy. Trying to get money back."
,Not Recommended,209540,14763463,"Posted: 6 March, 2015",all,Yerah,"There is a visual glitch with the light shaders that makes light flicker and gives me crazy motion sickness.This bug has been reported since the day the game launched, still no fix from the devs.Basically, I wasted my money on this game"
,Recommended,209540,3976178,"Posted: 28 February, 2013",all,Steph,space ships are not autism :DDDDDDDD
,Recommended,209540,9538158,"Posted: 17 March, 2014",all,Vindicator1219,before i bought this game i watched a video of someone who highly recommended it if you like that space combat arcade style mech game and it was right up my alley. Enjoyed it thoroughly it is well built just wish it was longer ^_^.
,Not Recommended,209540,8961851,"Posted: 3 February, 2014",all,BAPBAP,"Я люблю космосимы. Люблю и аркадные и не очень. Но это полная хрень. Скриптовая мыльная опера с картонными персонажами-клише и стандартным героическим сюжетом ""плохие напали на хороших и почти убили их, но почему-то не добили, и хорошие начинают ногебать, хотя почему-то только что сливали"". Игровой процесс сводится к переключению на ближайшую цель/торпеду и стрельбу в ""точку гарантированного попадания"". Единственное, что реально круто - саундтрек. Это по большому счёту единственное, за что игру можно купить. Играть при этом не обязательно.I love space simulators both arcade and sim, but this one is total rubbish. Standart fancy graphics, standart prescripted missions, standart ""good vs evil"" plot, and standart console action ""switch to nearest enemy-fire till it blows up-repeat"" game process. The one and only real bright side of this game - gorgeous soundtrack. It worth to wait for a sale and buy with soundtrack DLC. Playing isn't necessary."
76561197999725847,Not Recommended,209540,8210314,"Posted: 22 December, 2013",all,Nightwalker,"(It is difficult to get the required 5 minutes of play time to post a review when a game doesn't launch)This developer failed to test their in Steam under all platforms they claim to support. Had they done so, they would have known the game segfaults and crashes before releasing it. This has been a known issue since August 2013, and yet they still claim to support Linux.After contacting support for the game, the only reply I got an automated message stating that they had recieved my email. Steam was nice enough to refund my purchase to my Steam Wallet, even though this, according to their EULA, they don't do. But, if you're a game developer, and don't respond to customer support questionts, then you really have no business selling games to begin with."
76561198133250143,Recommended,209540,13237017,"Posted: 5 December, 2014",all,Kyubey,Love It!All I every wanted in a mech game!Guns!Plasma Guns!Rockets!Mechs!#Missle Galore!
,Recommended,209540,19087016,"Posted: 14 November, 2015",all,שלום,"Pew pew pew booom you died, lol. Wait... NO MULTIPLAYER? Pffft... Dont care. Space war is space war, dammit."
,Recommended,209540,14750733,"Posted: 5 March, 2015",all,HelterSkelter937,first mission meh rest just ♥♥♥♥in epic !also + for another mecha game!
76561198038968845,Not Recommended,209540,8064655,"Posted: 16 December, 2013",all,NicePotato,"Oh wow. Maybe you need to play more than 45 min of this tripe, but it's like the worst parts of Galaxy on Fire 2 and Freelancer put together into one, big, bad part. No hubs, no upgrades (that♥♥♥♥♥♥is not an upgrade, it's progression, different things). Here's how it goes:A cutscene. Then a bit of fighting. Then a cutscene. Then some more fighting. But wait! A cutscene! And now more fighting.Actually:while(1>0){ A cutscene. Then a bit of fighting. }"
,Not Recommended,209540,8214742,"Posted: 22 December, 2013",all,Sweaty_Palms,"The trailers had my really amped to play this. I waited until it hit 75% off (almost paid full price at one point, thankfully I did not) and pulled the trigger. I thought this game would fill the void left by the Zone of Enders saga, as it looked remarkably similiar. However, it falls very, very short. The free aiming is terrible, but no worries, you can be cheap and spam lock on rockets -- but it's very unrewarding to do so. I have a fairly high-end machine, but this game still bogs down and dips in frames from time to time."
,Not Recommended,209540,15877017,"Posted: 17 May, 2015",all,AeonUniverse ︻芫芫══,I really liked it when i first played it. But after that the missions started to get harder and harder. I am actually calm and patience person but i raged and i was so angry that i punched my laptop and it has been broken 2 months now...The bloody 13th mission was so f*cking hard it was like this: protect the battleship from fighters  *kills all fighters* destroy frigates *20 mins later frigates are down right after destroying all of its firepower* new mission destroy enemy cruiser *hits all main cannon and lasers of cruiser because at the same time we have to protect the bloody our main ship* *right after enemy carrier cames and all of the lasers fires at our carrier* *nearly 30 mins later finally manege to kill carrier and enemy cruiser* one last bullet hits to our carrier ship and gets destroyed. *Missiin failed*...I mean cmon man we are f*cking a fighter ship. Dont expect from us to take down whole enemy main fleet !
,Not Recommended,209540,12341070,"Posted: 3 October, 2014",all,TJX295,"This game feels like a generic space shooter. It is like Freelancer except that you can't go wherever you want, and you can't take the missions you want. I was looking forward to using the strike suit, but that is also disappointing. In strike suit mode all you get is more damage to your normal guns, missile spamming abilities, auto-aim (if you want it), and the ability to dodge incoming attacks. Dodging in strike suit mode actually seems less effective against missiles than using the deflect ability in normal flight mode :(.  Strike suit mode also runs out very quickly when you try to use a lot of missiles, and then you are just back to normal flight mode. Most of the levels are just fighting waves of enemies and blowing up large carrier space ships, which gets old fast. The final level feels like it is trying to be more like Star Fox and it doesn’t work out. There are no enemies, and you just navigate through tight corridors. This game isn’t worth your money."
,Recommended,209540,14336840,"Posted: 5 February, 2015",all,JeT_WoLf,Good game
76561197976671788,Not Recommended,209540,9026417,"Posted: 8 February, 2014",all,zombiedestroyer1,"Crashes on launch. According to the 'experts' on the forums, the fix involves jerking around with advanced system settings. Whatever. Cherry on the top is theres no chance of a refund, even after repeated asking on their blog. Thanks a bunch guys."
,Not Recommended,209540,8065975,"Posted: 16 December, 2013",all,60hz of hurt,Don't buy this game it is a piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥
,Not Recommended,209540,13264288,"Posted: 6 December, 2014",all,rsheldiii,"I don't know if it's the refresh rate on my monitor, since Fraps reports the game locked at 60hz, but there is a horrible flashing on the horizon of the world in the background that makes this game extremely frustrating to play. I didn't get through 5 minutes"
76561198161121684,Not Recommended,209540,13462559,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,Optimator,vr-support is a lie
,Not Recommended,209540,9760228,"Posted: 7 April, 2014",all,Rarity,"Strike Suit Zero is a game weighed down by difficult mechanics and a predictable and lazy storyline. Strike Suit controls are goofy and despite being a ""sim"", feels more like an arcade shooter. The visuals are bright and pretty, but feel out of place and uninspired in the context of total war.It's only an indie game, but a game's a game."
,Recommended,209540,11627187,"Posted: 10 August, 2014",all,Needmore_RAM,"Great game, especially for the price."
,Not Recommended,209540,9814297,"Posted: 14 April, 2014",all,bpfoley89,"Here's the thing. There are 2 things gamers hate most in games that are properly programmed. 1. Underwater missions. 2. Defense/Escort Missions where the allies or Defense objective are useless.This game may not have underwater levels, but it definitely has Defense missions. I really cant stand it. Combined with the control sceme that just isn't conductive to it's main draw ""The Flux mode"" I can't really suggest people play this game."
76561198000174975,Not Recommended,209540,9777003,"Posted: 10 April, 2014",all,Sammy_The_Snowplow,I'm just going to make this clear before I say anything else. This game is ♥♥♥♥ing ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥. I thought I was buying some balla♥♥♥♥♥space simulator where you dog fight aliens and blow♥♥♥♥♥♥up... And you do get that but what's ♥♥♥♥ing stupid is halfway through the game your spaceship gets the ability to transform into a robot or some♥♥♥♥♥♥ What the ♥♥♥♥. Get this stupid ♥♥♥♥ing Japanese anime♥♥♥♥♥♥out of my ♥♥♥♥ing game. I wanted to fly some space ships not play ♥♥♥♥ing Power Rangers Simulator. All I can say is ♥♥♥♥ the gay weaboos who made this game. If you like Japan so much then why don't you just get nuked like the rest of them. #IHopeTheseDevsGetHitByATsunami out of 10
76561198006210474,Recommended,209540,13279596,"Posted: 7 December, 2014",all,Rockstar,i love this game
76561198118578876,Recommended,209540,21098848,"Posted: 10 February, 2016",all,Veij,"A space dogfighting game with arcade levels of fun.  Unique to this one is the ability to use Strike Mode -- temporarily transforming your fighter into a powerful mech capable of free three-dimensional movement.  This game is fast-paced, but encourages a strategic approach to combat and completing mission objectives, switching between Strike Mode and the standard fighter as is appropriate for the task at hand, managing energy efficiently to maximize Strike Mode's effectiveness, and targeting weak points and weapons to cripple enemy ships while defending your own.It's a great game, lots of fun, and surprisingly intellectually engaging as well.Totes recommend.10/10, would mech again."
76561198138026414,Not Recommended,209540,20658651,"Posted: 21 January, 2016",all,cowandbird,was looking forward to playing this game with my thrustmaster HOTAS after taking half an hour to set up the control bindings thought it was pretty good until i exit the game and return all the bindings revert to normal . looked for answers and lots of people with the same issue . for me its unplayable as is and i dont have the time to waste finding an answer . very dissapointing .
76561198055425540,Recommended,209540,14770970,"Posted: 6 March, 2015",all,Garpfruit,"Great game that is realy fun and can challenge your spacial reasoning a little.  Don't buy it expecting to find a long and complicated story line, what you will find is a nice game that is very mechanics based, with little focus on the story, but hey, if you were looking for a story, you would go read a book.  The perfect solution to several hours of boredom.  HOWEVER, I would recomend that you buy the director's cut, as it has the DLC built in, and it is (at the time of writing this) the same price."
,Not Recommended,209540,12020324,"Posted: 7 September, 2014",all,951Jimbo,"Stike Suit Zero has a good idea - but somehow it just lacks the charm that my old favorite, Freelancer, had.  Didn't hold my interest although it doesn't seem like a bad game."
,Recommended,209540,33612963,Posted: 17 July,all,Svryajaya,This game fulfills my fantasy of being a pilot of transformable mech battling in space.
76561198024915718,Not Recommended,209540,17977294,"Posted: 10 September, 2015",all,Malishius,"this game reminds me most of ""Mobile Suit Gundam: journey to Jaburo"". this is a very, very bad thing.  i cant make it past the second mission, and i can't tell if i'm a moron or its just that difficult. if i'm not being slaughtered by the corvettes then the frigate is destroyed, its proving impossible to find a balance between the two objectives, and even if i achieve one i'm shot down by the capital ship. i have rage quit no less then four times to count. i haven't even got to pilot the eponimous strike suit. THE HELL! seriously why don't i start out with a strike suit! why aren't my wingmen more useful!? why isn't the mercury any damn help!?  why can't an XX billion dollar space frigate more effectivly defend itself!? why has it caught a sudden case of ""white base"" and despite it being a state of the art capital ship its basicaly made of paper mache!? why do my missles have such a short lock range!? why cant they hit flak turrets effectivley!? finished Gundam, and despite the difficulty i felt i had achieved something. even if i do by some miracle finish, no, even just make it past the second mission: i still have no idea whats going on in the story and its so stock i don't think i care. i can't even think of my C.O.'s name. ... it looks really cool though, space is fun. ... i don't want to play it with the keyboard. ... i shouldn't have to. tldr SAVE YOUR MONEY."
76561197969900960,Recommended,209540,372475,"Posted: 20 July, 2013",all,Gidar,"Strike Suit Zero offers fast-paced space action combat similar to Freespace, Freelancer, etc., but with beautifully designed graphics, and a more frantic pace. It's twitch-based combat make speed, control, and timing the most important things. It's singleplayer with a story, and has no RPG elements similar to Freelancer, but it challenges you to act quickly and set up attacks in a way that resembles typical fighting games."
76561197975430718,Recommended,209540,16638685,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,Moist,"I have a lukewarm opinion of the genre, but this game might change that. Quality, Quality work. Fantastic visuals, a spectacular degree of good, wholesome destruction,The game provides you with a high performance, agile yet very very lethal death dealing machine that folds in it's ammunition so you can conduct a massive a&% kicking.I get my jollies every time I torpedo cornhole a Cruiser.. You will too!"
,Recommended,209540,16750515,"Posted: 27 June, 2015",all,shadowzephyr,"Mechs, space combat, and stunning music.That feeling when using the Strike Suit for the first time, and locking missiles to multiple enemies for kills.. I'll never forget that awesome feelings.Recommended!"
,Recommended,209540,15085187,"Posted: 27 March, 2015",all,ErbBetaPatched,"We need more games like this. I feel like the Mech genre of gaming is dying out, and that's sad because mechs are awesome. Theres so much potential in this genre and if Strike Suit Zero hasn't struck gold, it's at least found that glimmer of hope that will lead other developers to this field of gaming. Twinstick, VR, or just Mouse and Keyboard, we need more games like this one."
76561198025597213,Recommended,209540,15090248,"Posted: 28 March, 2015",all,manchurian_candidate,"Strike Suit Zero is an extremely fun, beautifully designed space combat sim that brings back memories of playing Lylat Wars and Star Wars: Rogue Squadron on the N64. If you're a fan of those games then this is for you. Recommended."
,Not Recommended,209540,9794608,"Posted: 12 April, 2014",all,Sycraft,Not much fun.
76561198055884733,Recommended,209540,15109480,"Posted: 29 March, 2015",all,666RAZGRIZ666,"The game is absolutely breath-taking. The graphics alone are worth the price tag. The story is well done, it wastes no time throwing you into the action, and when it's time to deliver this game brings out the big guns. I honestly cannot imagine anyone regretting purchasing this game.It truly is a fun game, and worth every minute.I'd say the main testament to this game is the fact that I am re-installing it right now, because I want to run through it again."
,Recommended,209540,15135109,"Posted: 30 March, 2015",all,Shandarr,Fun indie. Reminds me a bit of TieFighter.
76561197993360909,Recommended,209540,15221996,"Posted: 5 April, 2015",all,Storm preparing 4 Destiny 2 pc,The game is great but WAY TO HARD.
,Recommended,209540,15271847,"Posted: 8 April, 2015",all,Italian Pimp,You get to be the main protagonist of a space mecha anime.9001/10 fire rockets everywhere and pierce the heavens.
76561198168005386,Recommended,209540,15633260,"Posted: 30 April, 2015",all,Atomic Hobbit,I just love this game. Why isn't there more like it.
,Recommended,209540,15706218,"Posted: 5 May, 2015",all,Genius Gate,"A solid arcade style space combat simulator with respectable graphics, great gameplay, and a great soundtrack.  If you're a fan of space combat flight simulators and a fan of mecha, this will be your cup of tea.  If you're looking for the hardcore, unbridled space fighter simulations of old reborn, this isn't quite there, but it's a good start to revitalize interest in the genre.  Still, this game is fun and presents a fair challenge.Controls are responsive and defaults are well planned out for keyboard/mouse users.  A few different classes of fighters, each with a customizable loadout of weapons you unlock as the game progresses are available, though most of the non strike-suit ones are one offs for particular missions (but they are selectable in others once you complete the mission in question.)  Going into strike suit mode is very reminicent of classic mecha anime where you can heavily damage or eradicate many of your enemies in one fell swoop if you're good enough, a bonus for mecha anime fans of series such as Gundam and Robotech.It's fairly short, but for the price, it's a good experience."
,Recommended,209540,15735121,"Posted: 7 May, 2015",all,[BRO] o19,"Gorgeous space environments with decently detailed fighters, bombers, frigates, cruisers, carriers, etc.  Solid arcade controls that follow your mouse movement closely.  Plenty of weapon load outs without becoming overly encumbering.  Mediocre story but excellent voice acting.  Recommended."
76561198058246566,Recommended,209540,15819709,"Posted: 13 May, 2015",all,writerrhino,"At least as far as the space combat, I'm back in Freelancer again! Except now with a joystick and even more awesome scenery. Same lead computing gunsight, but wickedly hard targets. I just got started, but I'm already enjoying this game. Very well done."
76561198121447674,Recommended,209540,16408246,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,hlao.roo,"I've only got a few hours on record, and only made it to the fourth mission. Considering I got this on sale for $5 I'm as happy as could be! This is the first space combat sim I've found that feels really authentic, where aggressive posturing, liberal use of secondaries, and strong piloting skills make a real difference. Getting your first mech is friggin awesome, though it is difficult to control.Controls for the game have me a little worried. I'm using a Kinobo Playstation USB controller that I've mapped for the game specifically. It kinda feels necessary to make it work given the high number of controls you really want to have access to at your fingertips, especially given that the difference between your fighter controls and mech controls is very noticable and you need to be able to move between either without blinking. Mouse and keyboard might be able to make it work, but it feels like a bit of a gamble. Investing in a controler is definitely worthwhile."
,Recommended,209540,16517808,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,ItsSpaceCowboy,"Huge fan of Mecha and Flight Sims.This game is fun, exciting, and very entertaining.The story isnt anything new but its short and sweet.Sooo much replayability as you unlock weapons and ships.9/10"
76561198045845640,Recommended,209540,16613512,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,Trisjuan Tacolor,You ever watched any mech anime ever? Wanted to fly a ship and dogfight in space? With a badass mech? Then StrikeSuit Zero is for you.
76561198044004649,Recommended,209540,13559860,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,Wormofsand,It's the space flight simulator of old.  The story is nothing to cry home about but the ride is such a ride.  The game play is fun and dynamic.
,Recommended,209540,13584238,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,PhantomX999#1730,"If you like any space fighting game were you fight on all three axis, this is a gmae for you. After just playing the start of this game is a bit too much for me. My eyes are spinning just as much as my fighter. My aim is only a pittiful 16.16% playing with an XBox controller. If you have a good flight sim controller that might give you a better contol with flight and weapons systems."
,Recommended,209540,13900643,"Posted: 8 January, 2015",all,Wildow the Walrus,"It's like someone took the space battles from Star Wars Battlefront 2 and just mixed in a hell of a lot of Japanese mech stuff and then decided to make a game out of it. Not as bad as it seems suprisingly. Be warned however, Does contain missions so long that you may literally just start banging your head against a wall instead as it is more spontaneous and interesting than whatever the missions is still doing after 20 bloody minutes of not changing.10/10 would MISSLES MISSLES MISSLES MISSLES again."
76561198073064577,Recommended,209540,13964914,"Posted: 12 January, 2015",all,Candalf the Waxy,"It' ah space pew pew game........ supah fun, but I crave more."
76561198049266537,Recommended,209540,14333696,"Posted: 4 February, 2015",all,mUFFINman,"If you love Macross, Gundam, or other mecha related nostalgia, then you'll find yourself falling in love with this game. Wonderful art & design, as well as a pleaseing sound track are more than enough reasons to get this game. Of course, it is rather difficult to enjoy those parts of the game because you'll find yourself failing that one mission over, and over, and over again.Yes, the learning curve for this game is rather steep. The controls and the gameplay feel like what it would be if Ace Combat and Armored Core had a baby. But much like Ace Combat and Armored Core, once you get used to the controls, this game finally offers the experience of what it feels like to be a main character from your nostalgic mecha anime.Unless you're me, in which case you'll still feel like a grunt in this really good mecha.."
76561198060007942,Recommended,209540,14337237,"Posted: 5 February, 2015",all,Xel Vi Coronata,"Become Kira in Gundam Seed/Destiny, ate torpedoes to the face and lived. 11/10"
76561198032424803,Recommended,209540,14431894,"Posted: 11 February, 2015",all,Wehrsportyoga,"SSZ is a mixed bag - great graphics, an absolutely stunning soundtrack by Paul Ruskay but unfortunately the gameplay is a bit uneven sometimes. While most of the missions are fun enough and the bright explosions keep you happy enough, some of the later missions are real stinkers and just frustrating without any redeeming qualities. The story is somewhat lackluster as well.Overall, this is a decent game if you look for a pretty, short-term space shooter fix. Don't expect it to keep you busy for a long time though."
76561198120891195,Recommended,209540,14567024,"Posted: 20 February, 2015",all,FreakingKnoght,"this Game is impressive, some missions are insanely difficult, will get Wrekd so many F**** times you will rage quit, a lotkeeping your capital ships alive is easy at the beginning but near the end..... oh boy..... beating Dark Souls on hard may just be easier!Died by crashing a torpedo 3 times bigger than me10/10 would bite a torpedo again"
76561198042237959,Recommended,209540,14704273,"Posted: 28 February, 2015",all,ezdez,"Mediocre soundtrack, stilted dialogue and a controls that are a bit all over the place. I'm marking recommend because the game can be fun for people who like space/dog-fighting games and can use a controller to play them. I suck at it and the didn't enjoy it, but the graphics are nice. Voice-acting and music is pretty bland, cheesy sci-fi tropes - unfortunately not bad enough to be ironically funny."
,Recommended,209540,14753885,"Posted: 5 March, 2015",all,BlkOpz,"Fun shoot `em up, great price, good action, reminds me of old school wing commander with upgraded graphics, fun and gun!"
,Recommended,209540,14857037,"Posted: 12 March, 2015",all,Guillermo D. Zed,The only review I have for this game is how the ♥♥♥♥ is there not a multiplayer system?
76561198024440819,Recommended,209540,14904151,"Posted: 15 March, 2015",all,Volboris,"A dogfigher with a nice little macross like mech thrown in for when things get rough. Other than an overly chatty wingma...woman, a fantastic way to get that old school Omega Boost/ZOE feeling."
,Not Recommended,209540,8321170,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,Dantic,"Strike Suit Zero is generally an OK game. The gameplay is fun and exciting, I mean, YOUR FLYING IN SPACE, but some moments are rather boring, and the mechanics can be a bit irritable a lot of the time. It's worth getting the game if you have a lot of time and/or money, but other than that it's not the best game out there."
,Recommended,209540,9743966,"Posted: 6 April, 2014",all,cadre,It's ok
,Recommended,209540,9264515,"Posted: 25 February, 2014",all,Jakkar,"Silly, atmospheric, shallow entertainment. This game has none of the depth and little of the character of the Freelancer games, while seeming in some respects a love-letter to them, despite its other inspirations. It is nonetheless a great deal of fun, with good music, good voice acting, decent if clichéd writing and enjoyably varied and balanced weapon systems and loadouts for your missions.It has good short term replay value due to the bonus objectives and unlockables, and the difficulty is well-balanced, to my tastes, for someone with a bit of experience with space fighter videogames.I highly recommend it at or below the price of £8-$15, as a loose sum across currencies, momentary exchange rates be damned."
,Recommended,209540,10536570,"Posted: 19 June, 2014",all,Starving Etheopian Child,Very fun.
,Not Recommended,209540,11307666,"Posted: 18 July, 2014",all,7echnomalady,"Move along, you've played this game before.If you've ever had a story about humans colonizing space, you know this plot.If you've ever played any space shooter at all, you've played this game.In fact you know what? Just go download Freespace 2. Download the launcher, it'll come with mods that will have the same graphics as this game. The plot will be a little more interesting and the controls will feel more like you are actually controlling a space ship.I've only played through the first mission, but it's so boring I can't get to the second one.If you've never played a space shooter and know very little sci-fi, this game is for you! There is nothing specifically wrong with it. It's just meh."
76561198085368898,Recommended,209540,13612313,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,Indigo Blues,"If you like mecha anime like Macross Frontier, play this game.In it's normal mode, the fighter combat is pretty solid although most weapons feel like pea-shooters.However despite what some say, I feel that the game's a bit too easy on the normal difficulties. In fact, most of the time I end up dying due to rubbing my hull against an enemy ship than from enemy fire. Another complaint is that the controls for the space-mecha mode are broken to the point in which you can basically give up on manually aiming. I end up selecting my target beforehand and hit-and-running my target into submission.Despite it's flaws, it's a really solid game. I throughly enjoyed it and I would recommend you buy it."
,Recommended,209540,12141445,"Posted: 18 September, 2014",all,V Shadilay,"Flying and shooting is good, butI was hoping for open space, but no... Game is teleporting you, cutscenes constantly.. Just let me play!"
,Not Recommended,209540,28177794,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,syrito,has a better version out get that instead
,Recommended,209540,5560702,"Posted: 14 July, 2013",all,CranBerryDaBest,DON'T LISTEN TO CRITICS REVIEW ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥T! ♥♥♥♥ING ♥♥♥♥♥ES GET PAID TO UNDER RATE THIS BEAST♥♥♥♥♥GAME. THIS GAME IS SO ♥♥♥♥ING INTENSE WITH ACTION THAT IS ♥♥♥♥ING MIND BLOWING!! GREAT MUSIC FROM A FAMOUS SINGER AKA (Aiko) GREAT GRAPHICS THAT IS ♥♥♥♥ING STUNNING IN A SPACE ENVIORMENT GAME.. SO WORTH IT!
,Not Recommended,209540,24432896,"Posted: 20 July, 2016",all,Cosah,This game has screen flickering that is not mitigated by Vsync or Nvidia Gsync.
76561198129992644,Recommended,209540,18913873,"Posted: 6 November, 2015",all,KitRae,Pew Pew!!!
76561198052577327,Recommended,209540,17770952,"Posted: 29 August, 2015",all,the,Like the old Free Space that I used to love but better
,Recommended,209540,18939152,"Posted: 7 November, 2015",all,Tanker Captain,I would describe this as:Zone of the Enders+Colony Wars+A touch of Homeworld (Paul Ruskay's Excellent Score)+A sprinkling of Battlestar GalacticaBlend and have a frakking good time! Oh and its actually quite challenging too!
76561198069590746,Recommended,209540,8061500,"Posted: 15 December, 2013",all,CareTaker,Great game took some time to get used to the controls but never the less still an awsome game
76561197983511868,Recommended,209540,8062580,"Posted: 15 December, 2013",all,kronkhal,"Great game! Reminds me of one of my favorite PS2 games, Robotech: Battlecry."
,Recommended,209540,8062970,"Posted: 15 December, 2013",all,Geek0Guy,recommend for a people who like a sci-fi + space action shooterthis game is great !!!
76561198063336345,Recommended,209540,8063577,"Posted: 15 December, 2013",all,The Doc,pretty fun game makes me a bit dizzy at points but aslo makes me feel like im in a gundam!
76561198067501195,Recommended,209540,8063665,"Posted: 15 December, 2013",all,commanderwitty,the graphics on this game is so amazing the only bad thing about it is that its not co-op but one can hope that they will make it in to one some day. i barly started the game and it seems to have a pretty good story to it to. controls are something to get use to but ok you can use a remote or joy stick but all in all you have to know how to pilot the fighter or you will get shot down lol.
76561197998020861,Recommended,209540,8064513,"Posted: 16 December, 2013",all,dogfishpaws,Pretty fun game. The secondary objectives are a bit hard on the 2nd mission though.
76561198030257757,Recommended,209540,8065277,"Posted: 16 December, 2013",all,Mr.Endarkus,"great simple game, higly recomened. feels like a modern version of escape velocity."
76561198083830265,Recommended,209540,8067624,"Posted: 16 December, 2013",all,zeras,gamato
,Recommended,209540,8072529,"Posted: 16 December, 2013",all,jedieaston,"Great game! Don't get it for story, but if you like mechs in space, get it!"
76561198090470509,Recommended,209540,8076601,"Posted: 16 December, 2013",all,BS,"Story is forgetable, but the game is fun... check point need to be worked out and put in better places but a fun game nonetheless"
,Recommended,209540,8098712,"Posted: 17 December, 2013",all,Mike,"I really enjoyed this game, combat was great, it was also nice to see that you could choose your own weapons. I want to see more of the universe in the near future and I would love to see an RTS :)"
76561198012039067,Recommended,209540,8098847,"Posted: 17 December, 2013",all,Claymore113,It's like Homeworld and G-Police had a child. 6/10
,Recommended,209540,8099380,"Posted: 17 December, 2013",all,=TRO=SHOCKMAN,Great space figther game. Reminds me of Tachyon. If only Bruce Cambell was voice acting in this ;)
,Recommended,209540,8150399,"Posted: 20 December, 2013",all,Veze,"Very pretty game, its a great game for the price I got it at (5.00) I would probably even pay up to 20 for it!"
76561197997238171,Recommended,209540,8155554,"Posted: 20 December, 2013",all,Soulless,"So far, i'm enjoying this game a lot."
76561197994376792,Not Recommended,209540,28692230,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,Terumitsu,"This game tries to hard to be the next Zone of the Enders... But falls flat on the execution. While the idea of changing between fighter and suit modes are interesting, it still feels limited on what you can actually do. Enemies are another issue where there are a few types of fighters and then larger ships that you go up against but.. Beyond the corvets going down to suit-mode missiles or just taking a long time doing strafing runs with your normal weapons, the frigate and cruser enemies just have a load of gun hardpoints that don't actualy factor into the enemy ship's health and it takes ages trying to kill them on your own.. Which, while you have NPC help, oftentimes it feels like they're just there to make pretty explosions around you.And remember the cool bosses that ZoE had? Like that giant sphere Zakat! Nothing like that here unless it's at the very last level... Which I honestly can't be bothered with getting past chapter 10 of 13. Honestly, it's a good basis but it doesn't capture the same fast and frenetic feel that you might be looking for as from the ZoE series. On those grounds, I can't reccomend this title"
,Recommended,209540,27566421,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Khlorghaal,"One of my favorite spacefighters.The the effects and environment give a perfect immersive ""feel"" to this game."
,Recommended,209540,8019598,"Posted: 12 December, 2013",all,iliekP3aches,"A beautiful space combat game with good controls and jaw dropping graphics. For less than half of a big budget title, you get a well polished work of art. It's not an advanced flight sim, so anybody can grasp the controls with KB&M!PROS:-Beautiful 3d and 2d graphics and artwork-Amazing voice acting-Compelling story-Easy to learn controls-Entrancing soundtrack (buy the OST!)CONS:-Short campaign with disappointing end level-Modest arsenal of weapons"
76561198012504625,Recommended,209540,2779598,"Posted: 19 July, 2013",all,Britaius,"If X-Wing and Freelancer would have a son, and Macross and Homeworld became a godparents, it would be Strike Suit Zero. A piece of pure awesomness - arcade space action in a real 3D environment with incredible music and intuitive K+M controls."
,Recommended,209540,8455705,"Posted: 31 December, 2013",all,lil Joshu,"It takes a few levels to get to the key gameplay style, but once it does, the difficulty ramps up FAST and things get very insane very quickly. The plot's okay. Honestly, I love the music to it as well."
,Not Recommended,209540,29508312,Posted: 26 January,all,Dissius,Difficulty is pretty disjointed and where I was having some fun in the beginning missions  turned to unbridled frustration in the later half of another mission  where a mission target takes half of its armor damage within a minute of the checkpoint.  Wing Commander wasn't even this brutal.
76561198019296030,Not Recommended,209540,12736111,"Posted: 1 November, 2014",all,PLEASURE MORTAR,"the game gets repetitive pretty fast. jump in, destroy fighters, destroy torpedos, destroy turret/supply, end mission.I read the other reviews saying just the same about the repetitve mission design, but I never thought it could be that boring.the games jumps from battle to battle with absolutely no time in between.the story is dull and not even worth following.the voice acting is bad. for example: a captain of a capital ship reports with a stoic, bored voice that the hull has been breached and the life support is failing, then the ship explodes.the skybox and the visual effects are nice, the ships have low resolution textures and look pretty uninspired.the tranformation into the mech feels completely unneccesary.IMO worth about 5 bucks."
,Not Recommended,209540,12766086,"Posted: 3 November, 2014",all,Sattmann,"There is not a working VR Function, that would work on my oculus rift dk2 on first of november 2014. It may work with the dk1 but when it is written on the shop site, that there is VR support, it has to work also with the dk2:-( Too bad!DK2 OWNERS DON´T BUY THIS GAME FOR VR!"
,Recommended,209540,14987289,"Posted: 21 March, 2015",all,El Sunnyp,"Epic Space simulator, with an astonishing soundtrack i recommended this game for you who love the space and robot"
76561198083504263,Not Recommended,209540,8059611,"Posted: 15 December, 2013",all,dat_n00b,crushing after training
76561197963455896,Not Recommended,209540,8064492,"Posted: 16 December, 2013",all,Gilgamesh,"So I'm making a change to this review based on the fact that I found out that the freezing controls issue was because of a failing USB bus on my mobo and not the game itself, it just happened to first occur (and occur repeatedly) while playing the game.However, corruption of save data that they give you no option to make a backup of is still an inexcusable flaw. If this issue is patched in the future, I might be able to recommend this game."
,Recommended,209540,8029479,"Posted: 13 December, 2013",all,Lord Raso,Awesome space combat action!
76561198095465670,Recommended,209540,21280650,"Posted: 17 February, 2016",all,Zach Lord of Cinder,Transform into a robot that shoots missiles out of every orifice.The space combat is okay too.
76561197988128301,Recommended,209540,21574865,"Posted: 1 March, 2016",all,(p'-')p Auxillary Fox t('-'t),Great game with a good combat system that's challenging but far from impossible.  One of my favorite games.
76561198050169004,Not Recommended,209540,8063391,"Posted: 15 December, 2013",all,Galious,"Don't waste your money on this piece of junk.  The control sucks, the game play sucks, the story sucks.  I dunno who thought up the last stage of flying through the rotating corridor but you suck too.  Learn how to make a video game before you sell them."
76561197961309672,Not Recommended,209540,8723930,"Posted: 15 January, 2014",all,Mr.Shemale,"Confuising objectives and and the simulator side of the game make it hard to play.The mission instructions are confusing ex : ""target the cruser plasma canon..."" ok but if I got near it i'm dead, if I just pass and do  light attack then the mission fail... Great challenge but failing 10 times at easy isin't for me I gess...  Also no good for someone like me that want to go all out... you have to be carefull with amo, carfull with life, etc... I don't relax playing this, I get stressed not to make error..."
,Recommended,209540,24190091,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,**FADM*Sollarii**,Great game.
,Recommended,209540,8020626,"Posted: 12 December, 2013",all,Aldemar,kewl game ;) if you like space shooters
76561198074583566,Not Recommended,209540,8049621,"Posted: 14 December, 2013",all,Boosted,THIS GAME SUCKS AND THE SHIPS ARE WAY TO SENSITIVE. I TRIED TURNING DOWN THE SENSITIVITY IT DIDNT WORK. YOU EITHER OVER DO IT OR UNDER DOO IT!!!!!!!! DONT GET THIS GAME IS SUCKS !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
76561197991740739,Recommended,209540,8053217,"Posted: 15 December, 2013",all,HELLRAZER_CIGGYBLAZER69,FUN FUN FUN FUN FUN
76561197998444319,Recommended,209540,8154950,"Posted: 20 December, 2013",all,spardoge66,fijoijshkjg
,Recommended,209540,25214816,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,Turtok123,"I love it. The Striker mode,the Music and how many enemys you can kill in one Mission. I love everything about this game. When someone says this game is bad then he lies to him self. Im gonna play this game again because its so much fun."
,Recommended,209540,21082315,"Posted: 9 February, 2016",all,White Badger Devil,"I wasn't really into mechs, but now I definitely am."
76561198136540398,Recommended,209540,19835083,"Posted: 21 December, 2015",all,direxwolf,a must play.
76561198052924460,Recommended,209540,14016291,"Posted: 16 January, 2015",all,Dickmelting Savage,"The perfect escape game.  Immersive, excellent visuals, good soundtrack and combat is pure adrenaline.  Requires some skill and thought.  Interesting storyline makes me hope they make a whole series.  One of my all time favorites, and a must for any space genre fan."
76561198014493888,Recommended,209540,18943544,"Posted: 7 November, 2015",all,Ahadihunter1,Pretty good space/mecha hybrid game.
,Recommended,209540,23294275,"Posted: 30 May, 2016",all,Anueis1,cool
,Not Recommended,209540,8025280,"Posted: 12 December, 2013",all,schmete 牛乳,"A concept that I'd love to love, but it's just executed poorly."
,Not Recommended,209540,8027293,"Posted: 13 December, 2013",all,Asur,"Poor fight system, primitive campaign. Game is not much interesting. Think before buy."
76561197990738351,Not Recommended,209540,22619768,"Posted: 24 April, 2016",all,ckay2005,Not worth more then a hour entertainment. Weak upgrades weak story line and very  boring after 1 hour. Just load up and shoot over and over. Reminds me of a tower game. Wave after wave so if you like that then by all means.
,Not Recommended,209540,15612272,"Posted: 29 April, 2015",all,Never Nude,not as fun as it looks
,Recommended,209540,25046304,"Posted: 20 August, 2016",all,nibbers be like,ok
,Not Recommended,209540,14765814,"Posted: 6 March, 2015",all,play_helix,"a dogfight game where its impossible to hit moving targets and where JOYSTICK + KEYBOARD is defaultsuper monkey ball 2 had better dogfights, nice job idiots"
,Recommended,209540,21159813,"Posted: 12 February, 2016",all,Fusō,Aww yizz
,Not Recommended,209540,25009955,"Posted: 19 August, 2016",all,Sassy4Satan,If you love escort missions then you'll love the ♥♥♥♥ out of this so hard.
,Recommended,209540,8021407,"Posted: 12 December, 2013",all,ZarX=VX9=,Game is fun... but would of been way way better if it had coop...
,Recommended,209540,25388401,"Posted: 6 September, 2016",all,Save the Queen,S'aight.
,Not Recommended,209540,31401635,Posted: 27 April,all,Renoki,"As soon as the devs patch the flickering issue, I'll give it a thumbs up. For now it's unplayable."
,Not Recommended,209540,13508269,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,The Husky Gentlesir,"Awful game, combat is as follows: Left or right click at a target, projectiles automatically follow the enemy. The ""checkpoints"" are hardly checkpoints at all. You can complete three large objectives and still be thrown right into the first bit of the level again, difficulty is absurd, enemy ships have obescene amounts of health where as three missiles will instantly kill you on easy difficulty. There's an escort mission with a ship that literally doesn't move or protect itself in any way, while you have to kill the enemy ship which has 8 flak turrets and 7 missile turrets, you can't stop in one place and the range your weapons work at is so low that you'll end up flying into the ship and being instakilled."
76561197971825130,Not Recommended,209540,8023216,"Posted: 12 December, 2013",all,Haapy,"I was epicly unimpressed with this game. I thought I was going to get a dogfighting-in-space game, but it was pretty lackluster and the addition of the 'assault form' was irritating."
,Not Recommended,209540,8031700,"Posted: 13 December, 2013",all,Ultraviper,"Doesn't even get basic flight controls correct. Holding left or right on a joystick should make your plane ROLL, not SPIRAL."
,Not Recommended,209540,8052844,"Posted: 15 December, 2013",all,Karasique,"Wow, Steam, please give me my money back?In all seriousness, though, this game is an exercise in frustration, what with scarce checkpoints, clunky controls (how many times have you hit a ship's hull losing your shield?), TIMED objectives and everything. And I absolutely hated destroying capital ships (which most likely were the game's prime selling point), due to respawnable turrets that shoot at you from further away than you can shoot at them and lack of intelligible weak point indicators, making you dread such mission goals instead of enjoying them."
,Not Recommended,209540,7794728,"Posted: 27 November, 2013",all,[Crocodile],No opitions for full invert of control sticks makes this unplayable for me.
76561198054332647,Not Recommended,209540,12812346,"Posted: 5 November, 2014",all,Gyrant,"I'm not sure what to say, the game is great until about the third level, where you get switched into a different ship (the strike suit) and pretty much everything you've learned up to that point becomes invalid, and you suddenly have to learn a completely new control system while the enemies only get tougher. What's worse, it seems utterly impotent compared to the previous ship, but perhaps that is only because there is no explanation on how to properly use it?? Its weapons can't even shoot down torpedoes (which typically just go splat), how are you supposed to fight entire enemy fleets?The artwork is beautiful, even if the special effects are a bit half-baked (cutscene hyperspacing?). I wish You could iron-out that spot where the gameplay just stalls and release it as an update, because up to that point it is a very fun game."
,Not Recommended,209540,691500,"Posted: 20 June, 2013",all,Krac,"I have played a total of 52 minutes. I don't recommend this game.The storyline could, possibly, be good... but the battle mechanics are boring as hell."
76561198003691565,Not Recommended,209540,30652683,Posted: 21 March,all,d_mack75,Oh boy! did this look promising ! Sorry controls kept it from being fun in the end.
,Not Recommended,209540,7928599,"Posted: 5 December, 2013",all,utumno86,"I only made it 45 minutes into the game before I got tired of it, so it might get better, but I found that huge ammounts of armor and shields plus fire-and-forget missles made the combat an excercise in tedium rather than interesting. More importantly, where the hell is my Mech? The only interest I had in this game was doing the Gundam thing, and apparently that's something that you have to put in a bunch of work to unlock? Why the hell would you make fun something that you have to work for in a game?"
,Not Recommended,209540,7778776,"Posted: 26 November, 2013",all,endcrab,"No goddamn radarEscort missions♥♥♥♥ itSeriously, crap AI, no real dogfighting, crap targeting system, even the robot handles poorly and is unfun, and they want to sell you the same game twice with their new director's cut.Go play freespace 2."
,Recommended,209540,25365136,"Posted: 5 September, 2016",all,dagger_cloak.tmp,Gaming :3/10  bad    (too many bugs while gaming)Music  :10/10 fanstic   (especially Main Theme)Control:10/10 fansticStory  :7/10  okayTotal  :8/10  good
,Not Recommended,209540,22726840,"Posted: 30 April, 2016",all,>be american,"This game is like picking up a girl at the bar: sure, she may look good through your beer goggles but you're going to seriously regret your decisions come morning."
76561198271294272,Not Recommended,209540,33224517,Posted: 4 July,all,aldennis,这游戏感觉很不真实，像一个空战游戏套了个太空的模型。
,Not Recommended,209540,8020175,"Posted: 12 December, 2013",all,Suiseiseki,WHY OH WHY DIDN'T I LISTEN TO THE REVIEWSI wish I could return this incredibly slow boring game.
,Recommended,209540,23372551,"Posted: 3 June, 2016",all,trangalho,.
76561198032696891,Not Recommended,209540,24267231,"Posted: 11 July, 2016",all,Cheeky Dude,"Strike Suit Zero, Strike Suit Infinity and Fractured Space all suck a-s-s big time coz the people at Born Ready Games (should that be B-l-o-w-j-o-b R-e-t-a-r-d Games?) and Edge Case Games (should that be Enhanced C**ksucking Games?) all in Guildford, Surrey, the very average thick b-l-o-w-j-o-b performing monkey fudgewit m-o-r-o-n capital of the world, are all very average very mediocre very third-rate thick performing monkey fudgewit m-o-r-o-n b-l-o-w-j-o-b-s with caca for brains, devoid of any original ideas themselves, regurgitating and rehashing everything they ever learnt and ever knew.  Give them a very wide berth!!!  Don't waste your money on these **** artists."
,Not Recommended,209540,30457708,Posted: 11 March,all,Damien Boswell,Play Elite Dangerous.. its better
,Recommended,209540,10264114,"Posted: 28 May, 2014",all,EklectiC,"If you are a fan of games such as X-Wing vs TIE Fighter, Colony Wars, and Project Sylpheed, then you will enjoy this game.  It is a space shooter through and through.  There is face paced action and great jet/""mech"" form combat.  The premise of the story is pretty basic but the graphics are nice and crisp.  There is a decent difficulty curve to the game at first and you can adjust it.  There's also the ability to upgrade your ships by means of completing challenges in each level.  This kind of adds a certain difficulty as well because you have to pay attention to what you're doing.  The player also has to select their loadout at the start of each level and based on what they will be facing, you have to be calculative as to what is ultimately chosen.  I got through the game at a decent pace around 10-12 hours with 13 missions total, which is pretty good for a game in this genre.  There's also a scoring system in the game which attributes to the player getting service medals.  The higher the performance in the level, the better the medal awarded.  If you can pick this game up around 10-15 bucks, it's a pretty good deal.  I don't think everyone should pay the 20 it is at now for regular price because there are many other games better suited for that change, if you're going to cough it up, and not everyone appreciates this niche of gaming."
76561197982416990,Recommended,209540,10386670,"Posted: 7 June, 2014",all,apocalyptic_socks,Very unique space sim game.  Loved the auto-aim feature of the strike suit.
76561198115078985,Recommended,209540,10465957,"Posted: 13 June, 2014",all,neptunescientist,"This game ended up being alright.  I feel like it is worth the purchase in that you get to assault large ships in outer space, but it seems like just a slightly upgraded version of some of the Robotech games."
,Recommended,209540,125130,"Posted: 4 August, 2013",all,sn0wfr0g,epic levels of yes. think wing commander on crack.
76561198028049166,Recommended,209540,3844785,"Posted: 16 July, 2013",all,Kingmaker,"I was looking for an intense fighter-to-fighter space combat game and that's what I got. What I wasn't expecting was the major role played on taking down massive capital ships of different types, and it was a very pleasant surprise.I recommend it very much to anyone who likes space combat."
,Recommended,209540,8558238,"Posted: 4 January, 2014",all,polarb34r,"Totalmente adictivo, me recordo tanto a macross :D"
76561198064864462,Recommended,209540,8566320,"Posted: 4 January, 2014",all,Kaborockie,Badass visuals but controls are clunky.
76561198070413845,Recommended,209540,8566580,"Posted: 4 January, 2014",all,Dick Cheney,"This is one of the most satisfying games that I have ever played. I am a fan of mech anime and an even greater fan of Star Wars, so this game was everything that I could have ever hoped for. Gameplay-wise, the controls are smooth to the point where you wouldn't even know that this is an indie game. The missions are a pretty decent length, with action over at every moment. I can't say that I really feel for the characters, but that wasn't what I bought the game for. If you are hoping for story, do not come any further, However, if you are hoping for action packed, literally explosive awesomeness, come much further! The battles in this game are spectacular. Instead of just shoting the capital ships in any random spot, the game urges you to go for many of the weak points and weapons that bristle of each of them. As for graphics, this may not be The Last of Us, but the graphics are good enough to make for a beautiful game at every moment. The backgrounds are spectacular and gorgeous, with vibrant shades of colors, the best probably being the shades of purple and blue. When it comes to the soundtrack, Paul Ruskay and Kokia di an amazing job, with the ambiance of the game enhanced tenfold by the fastpaced songs. This game is definately worth the price, as well as the counterpart, Strike Suit Infinity.I have not bought a PC gaming controller, so I have no idea what the difference in playability between the two formats are."
76561198017323614,Recommended,209540,8382288,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,Sarge,"If you like space shooters, this one is fun, challenging, and has pretty cool graphics :) Capital ships battles included !"
76561198010363425,Recommended,209540,8385634,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,bubbles834,"Great game, loved it!!"
,Recommended,209540,8420549,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,Spraynard,Absolutely fantastic on the Oculus Rift
,Recommended,209540,8424554,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,DawnValentine,Very fun game
,Not Recommended,209540,8415282,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,Gibbeth,"Rolling spins around an axis several feet above your ship, which is incredibly obnoxious."
76561197970466910,Recommended,209540,8416371,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,Sapphrine,"Better than the critic reviews imply. Enjoyable gameplay, pretty to look at and occulus rift compatibility is a big win although not yet been able to try"
76561198000871464,Recommended,209540,8407429,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,SgtKang,"Really fun. Youtube 'macross missile massacre'. It allows you to do that. It's just simple, fun, destruction. With the exception of the very last mission. Whoever designed that monstrosity should be shot."
,Not Recommended,209540,8407638,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,PerspexAvenger,"Pretty, but ultimately dull."
,Recommended,209540,8389646,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,terb3ar,"Those who grew up watching Japanese mecha-themed anime (like anything out of the Gundam universe) will enjoy this game for it almost-perfectly captures the sense of overwhelming power and superiority one might get when piloting the proverbial weaponized suit. That feature alone can carry this game to a ""good"" rating from most fans of anime and the space combat genre. Add colorful and vibrant graphics, a wonderful soundtrack, intense gameplay, and scalable difficulty (from ""Grandparent-friendly"" to ""WTF""), then you've got a wonderful reason to give the developers your time and money."
76561198009087699,Recommended,209540,8392767,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,Avatus,Pretty fun so far! Took a little bit to get used to the controls but a beautiful game! I like! :D
76561198018279126,Recommended,209540,8401068,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,DCII,Awesome space fighter simulation!
,Recommended,209540,8352986,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,LQNKY,"Super fun game. Definetly a bit of a learning curve, but if you have played games like starfox or tie fighter it will be a bit familiar."
76561198065426720,Recommended,209540,8330984,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,naruto run like him5,Its actually pretty fun to play
,Recommended,209540,8333747,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,SCSI,"If you liked TIE fighter, X-Wing or Freelancer then give this a go."
76561197986020427,Recommended,209540,8022363,"Posted: 12 December, 2013",all,jjoao,"Very Good. Nice flight, better combats, greats challenger. Best Game to our warrior space spirit"
,Recommended,209540,8334907,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,Emerald,Most definitely the best.
76561197989203259,Recommended,209540,8542669,"Posted: 3 January, 2014",all,Mister Robot,"Definitely an awesome game and has great graphics to pair itself with. The storyline is a bit cheesy but it makes the game more fun. I really have enjoyed this game so far and currently trying to fight my way through the 5th level. I don't regret buying this at all and believe this is worth every penny I spent. I hope to see the makers of this game flourish and look forward to future titles. Buy this game if you like crazy dog fighting, good graphics, and a challenge."
76561197970531612,Recommended,209540,423780,"Posted: 25 June, 2013",all,KrasusTheRed,"Fast paced action game with beautiful graphics and fluid controls. The only downside is the constant escort style missions, otherwise a solid title all around."
,Recommended,209540,12087013,"Posted: 13 September, 2014",all,Orpheus,"I really wanted to like this game. I love space sims, in general. And this seemed like a good game to just enjoy myself.Long story short, I never finished the game. It takes a lot for me to fail to finish a game that I just spent money on. The visuals were fantastic, but game play was less than fantastic."
,Recommended,209540,12087606,"Posted: 13 September, 2014",all,TheUnlikelyHero,"Love the game, I'd recommend picking up a gamepad of some sort for this as it seems the controls were designed with a console controller in mind. I use a generic x360 controller and the game has a nice feel with it.Pros:Plenty of action packed space dogfightingInteresting storyCons:No multiplayer modeSeemed a tad on the short sideNo significant penalty for deaths, just respawn at the last autosaved checkpoint...Hopefully they're working on a multiplayer version to release in the near future."
76561198030340220,Recommended,209540,11939796,"Posted: 31 August, 2014",all,Firespit,Amazing space combat sim game!
76561198038858313,Recommended,209540,4547761,"Posted: 23 January, 2013",all,Comfy,HARD. ♥♥♥♥ING AWESOME MUSIC. GREAT BACKGROUNDS. FAST AS♥♥♥♥♥♥ PLAY IT.
,Recommended,209540,1848421,"Posted: 12 July, 2013",all,Ampersand,"Fast paced arcade space shooter with a heavy anime flair, including shamelessly named Itano Circus missiles! It's like playing Macross, with equally awesome music to boot."
76561198037037478,Not Recommended,209540,11990848,"Posted: 5 September, 2014",all,Romans 1:18-22,"I bought it because it reminded me of the Robotech anime series and I wanted to fly a convertable space fighter in combat.  To me, the controls are very clunky (I know I can remap them) and it is very difficult to control  the fighter in Strike Mode and I just don't understand why Strike Mode fires the weapons that it does.On Normal difficulty I find it too difficult to struggle with the controls well enough to accomplish objectives in order to unlock upgrades on the initial levels."
76561198005758783,Recommended,209540,2325971,"Posted: 30 September, 2013",all,Deadlift,Love Gundam? Here you go!A must for space combat fans.
76561197996661450,Not Recommended,209540,11944927,"Posted: 1 September, 2014",all,Agi,"It's a cute anime style space shootem-up. I was expecting something more akin to conflict freespace, so I was a bit disapponted. All in all, I find the game frustrating because it's hard to tell where you need to be, something that they could easily solve with an in-game radar, like in any other spacy shootem-up."
76561197964397848,Not Recommended,209540,11979371,"Posted: 4 September, 2014",all,Atomic Mongoose,"I don't want to fly ships or missions that don't involve the strike suit in a game called ""strike suit zero"". I don't want to defend missiles, protect other ships, or anything else that involves a plot.  It gets tiresome to play ""protector"" every mission, while you are expected to kill everything on the other end of the battlefield. It is nonsense back and forth.  I do not care about the crap story or its lame characters.  All I want to do is fly around in dog fights and kill everything.While that being said, this is still an ok game.  It would be an amazing game if it was just a pure arcade type scenario and all you did was destroy everything, with the occasional side objective. Ironically, the developer made this game after the fact, called Strike Suit Infinity. However, this game is exclusive for windows only, with no love for mac and linux users. WTF. The original game was cross platform… the stripped down version that is actually the better version is not. Whatever."
,Recommended,209540,11984396,"Posted: 4 September, 2014",all,DJ Heady,"Oh my dear! How long was I looking for such a game? YEARS! Finally a very playable space shooter with a lot of fun! Spent playing this one for hours! Everyone, who was playing Freespace 2 as the last playable space shooter, knows what Im talking about."
,Recommended,209540,11860351,"Posted: 25 August, 2014",all,ch33k1_br33k1,This game is what would happen if Tron and Star Wars had a baby.
,Not Recommended,209540,12090409,"Posted: 13 September, 2014",all,Joe A.,More of a starfighter combat game than a mecha action game. I wouldn't recommend it if you're looking for robot action.
,Recommended,209540,19542117,"Posted: 6 December, 2015",all,[BS] Kriegzilla,"No game makes you feel like an Ace Pilot the way this one does. Won't scratch your Gundam itch, but if you're into transforming starfighters with ZOE style mega lock-on missile barrages, check this out. Just the right kind of arcade-y, without being too overwhelming."
76561198009432300,Recommended,209540,19561056,"Posted: 7 December, 2015",all,Paragon of Badassosity,"Decent space fighter sim.PROS :Impressive visualsHad some of that ""one awesome fighter can take out a cap ship"" feelInteresting space battles - cap ships fight each other and you're often called on to take out torpedoes and big guns on opposing ships.Weapons & ship customization, but not TOO much.Voice acting wasn't abominable.You're a transformer in space (man wut?)Bonus goals in each mission give actual in-game rewards that increase your effectiveness in subsequent missions.The bomber was a crapton of fun, even if it couldn't transform. Seroiusly, sometimes I still get on just to go torpedo stuff in its stupid face.CONS :Plot is pretty good, then takes a turn into WTF land.Transforming doesn't feel robot-y, or rather it's more like you're just transforming into another fighter that moves differently & has different weapons. Couldn't do anything robot-y like rip parts off ships or fistfight dinosaurs.Didn't feel like I was in space - fighters perpetually move forward & nobody takes advantage of inertia & lack of atmosphere.Repetition - ""go blow up X thing"" can get old fast.I wouldn't pay the regular $20 for it, but if it goes on sale, I'd say check this one out."
76561198069380181,Recommended,209540,19540805,"Posted: 6 December, 2015",all,greyhawke69,Absolutely gorgeous eye and ear candy.  More than worth the price.  But if you can swing the $$ get the mega bundle.  The soundrack alone is worth it.
76561198040645176,Recommended,209540,4675511,"Posted: 4 February, 2013",all,FireZoneZenith,"Excellent space game. Play this, and prepare for a challenge."
76561197990650096,Not Recommended,209540,8540342,"Posted: 3 January, 2014",all,DD,I do not recommend. The game runs badly on Linux. It has no controller works at correct. Play with the mouse is barely playable. Performance issues. The last level is terrible designed.
,Recommended,209540,20249330,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,Huns,"This game is a lot like Freespace 1 and 2. Basically, if you took those games and gave them a modern engine, it would be this. The only big difference (so far) is that after a few missions, you get the Strike Suit, which can either fly (when it's in ship mode) or hold relatively still and fight (in robot mode). Robot mode lets you turn a lot quicker, and it can lock onto lots of targets at once. Highly useful. However, the game (so far) doesn't have some of the stuff I miss from Freespace, like missiles designed to take out specific ship systems. Pretty good for an inexpensive game.I feel like there are a lot of keys to memorize, but it's easier if you keep your left hand on ASDF."
,Recommended,209540,4705584,"Posted: 20 June, 2013",all,stavekoff,how do i fly train
,Recommended,209540,2704034,"Posted: 7 June, 2013",all,Bloede Dh'oine,It's Rogue Squadron on steroids
,Not Recommended,209540,8029022,"Posted: 13 December, 2013",all,BlatBlatBiscuit,"This game's value, like any, is dependent on what it is being sold at. Regardless of how much man power and energy went in to making this, the effort you need to expend in this game is very minimal and mindless. At it's current sale price (as of 12/13/2013 at $4.99), it's way more than worth it. When I bought this game originally it was $20, the marketing behind it led me to believe it would be on the same level of quality as Freespace and Homeworld but don't be fooled.It's a pretty repetitive space shooter with a nice visual flair to it. The call backs to many different space genres of cartoons and games is nice but it's shallow and not too engaging. I wouldn't recommend it unless you have $5 to spare and are very bored at the moment."
,Recommended,209540,8029602,"Posted: 13 December, 2013",all,spacemonkeynation,"If you're looking for a contemporary arcady space sim, look no further than Strike Suit Zero. It's not the next Wing Commander, but you'd be hard pressed to find a better title for the price!"
76561198069756181,Recommended,209540,8030185,"Posted: 13 December, 2013",all,GlassKingNerd,"This game is pretty good. The controls for mouse and Keyboard combos is pretty solid. Sensativity will need adjusting, however, especially in Assault mode. The visuals are gorgeous and the gameplay is easy to understand after about 30 or so minutes of playtime. The mouse though can be a bit slow at times and the visuals can lag at some points. It is not enough to significantly hamper the gameplay but it is noticable, especially at some of the higher resolutions. The cockpit mode is awesome and adds a new dimmension to this game. I give a solid 7-8/10. Reccommended for the people who space shoot em' ups or is looking for something a bit different."
76561198014899040,Recommended,209540,8030208,"Posted: 13 December, 2013",all,ʕ•ᴥ•ʔ  deathbug25,a fun fast paced space shooter with good controls and a on par storywell worth a look
,Recommended,209540,8030658,"Posted: 13 December, 2013",all,Relithe,"I was a big Freespace and Starlancer player back when those games were popular. I was also big into Star Fox and its Nintendo 64 counterpart, in addition to an unhealthy addicted to Earthsiege, Starsiege, and the Mechwarrior series. Suffice to say that I love space combat games and sims, and it is a genre that has sadly lacked any real entries over the last decade to speak of. Strike Suit Zero fills that niche very nicely.When I started SSZ and began playing, it took a little bit of time to re-acquire the whole 'flying in space with a mouse and keyboard' feeling, but once I got the hang of it, it felt as natural as ever. The controls are nice and tight and there isn't a lot of slop. The graphics are polished but the animations during cutscenes can be a little janky sometimes. Voice acting is of far better quality than I would have expected - if you think the voiceovers are going to be as bad as, say, X3, you're wrong. Egosoft could take a note from this game. Graphics and style are overall awesome. I love the depth-of-field/blurring effect when boosting through space in cockpit view.My only gripes - the HUD situation sucks. Honestly. I hate that it's a bar at the top of the screen. It's jarring and unnatural; I would have preferred the HUD to be integrated into the cockpit in first-person view and at the sides or bottom of the screen in third-person. My other gripe - and this is going to be kind of an assanine gripe, as it centers around a key concept in the game - is the strike suit. I hate the strike suit. It just feels like a gimmicky, juvenile anime trope. I've never enjoyed mecha anime and I've never enjoyed humanoid mechs. I've always preferred the gritty down-to-earth mechs of later BattleTech and the hercs of the Earthsiege universe, they just seem more probable and more likely to exist. But I guess it's more a matter of taste, really. In gameplay the Strike Suit mode is very helpful and incredibly powerful - you can lock on to an insane number of enemies and launch cluster rockets that obliterate everything, not to mention the big giant plasma shotgun thing that wrecks face. It's definitely fun. It's use is balanced out nicely by flux mechanic, and I have not really felt the game get easier as a result of having the strike suit. The only real gameplay-related gripe that I have about it is that in strike suit mode you are forced into third person view. I hate that.It's a hard game, too. Really hard. It goes easy on you at first, but once you get your first strike suit, all bets are off. In particular the first level that takes place in a nebula is difficult (due to the fact that sensors, radar, and lockon missiles do not work- you have to rely on dumbfire rockets and visual sight). I love difficult and challenging games.The good:- Difficult- Beautiful visuals and style- Interesting concept in the strike suit- Unlockable ships and progression- Variety in space environments keeps things from getting stale- Feels like a natural progression of the space shooter genre- Music is very catchy- Voiceovers aren't half bad- Price- IndieThe bad- HUD design and placement is awkward- Music can be repetitive at times- Strike suit... mainly on aesthetic grounds- Forced third-person view in strike suit mode- Makes you wish for a modern FreespaceThis game gets 4 out of 5 cookies from me! I look forward to the next game these guys put out. I hope they keep this genre alive and renew interest in it."
,Recommended,209540,8031088,"Posted: 13 December, 2013",all,kruden,"Great Game if you like space simulator, planets could look more realistic though... but it's hard to find nice space sims nowsadays so I give it thumbs up. The graphic is still fanatastic, you could see alot of effort place into rendering reflection of the pilot visor on screen. I would wish they come up with the second series with station interior and interaction with AI personality like Mass effects."
76561197967892640,Recommended,209540,8031482,"Posted: 13 December, 2013",all,Don Pazuzu,"this game rocks . The only thing is very hard to controlled with key board .I recomend you get a controller , all else is a 10 plus games , and graphis are areout satnding . Other , than that this game is like Omega boost  , for Play Staion 1 ."
76561198027545046,Recommended,209540,8031668,"Posted: 13 December, 2013",all,BloodyFoot,"Best mech combat simulator/space flight sim since Zone of the Enders. Gameplay is fast and fluid, offering easy of entry and an adequate difficulty curve as the game progresses. The story serves as little more than a backdrop for the absolutely massive space battles, but to be fair, did you really look into this game for a deep and thought provoking story, or just because you wanted to feel like a badass mech pilot? My only complaint is that sometimes tracking the location of your highlighted target can get difficult in the more frenzied encounters since the directional arrow highlighting it's location is the exact same color as all the other high priority target indicators on the HUD, (of which there will be many in later missions). It makes manually prioritizing your targets somewhat annoying, but not game-breaking in any way."
76561197983497290,Recommended,209540,977303,"Posted: 11 July, 2013",all,deathspeed,"If you like flying and shooting more than exploring and exploiting, you definitely need to check this out."
76561198040665379,Recommended,209540,8032764,"Posted: 13 December, 2013",all,baberbot,"Fun as hell and very animay feel, mass animai vidioes."
76561198004115324,Recommended,209540,8033961,"Posted: 13 December, 2013",all,Squirrels122,Excellent Space Pilot/Shooter Game.
,Recommended,209540,8035330,"Posted: 13 December, 2013",all,Carrots9000,"Beautiful. Simply Stunning. The graphic quality is amazing, and the lag is nonexistent. The one problem I have is with the controls and gameplay, as the dial;ogue seems tforced and the controls are difficult at best. Once you get into it, however, the game will simply blow you away."
76561198021615502,Recommended,209540,8035342,"Posted: 13 December, 2013",all,booman925,"EPIC music, bad♥♥♥♥♥fights,  unreal feilds of war though space........ and GUNDAMS..... or something like that sort... need i say more"
,Recommended,209540,8035135,"Posted: 13 December, 2013",all,NINJEW,"Gundam and Freelancer had a baby: it's a monster. Absolutely brutal. But so much fun. The controls seemed a little sluggish on a mouse and keyboard, but I found a good joystick made things much more intuitive. It may get frustrating sometimes having to redo things when you die, but if you can get into it and do well, it's a real blast to play."
,Not Recommended,209540,8029263,"Posted: 13 December, 2013",all,5ean,Very empty generic repatative space shooter. I got bored fast.
76561197970146138,Recommended,209540,8036261,"Posted: 13 December, 2013",all,Cantrip549,The shooting takes a bit to get used to but it is a fun game.
,Not Recommended,209540,8036846,"Posted: 13 December, 2013",all,Jeff Jeffy McJefferson Jr,"I did not recommend this game for a few reasons:First reason: No multiplayer. I think this game, with tweaking, could be good for multiplayer, but that doesn't seem to be on the horizon yet. However, if you're more of a single-player type person, this point need not apply to you.Second reason: Does not offer a demo. At least what I could find. This game, at the time of this writing, is on sale %75, and I bought the entire Strike Suit Zero Mega Bundle for $9.99. However, that's ten bucks I could have saved had I tried a demo first.Third reason: Not what I thought it was going to be like. Let me elaborate on this a little. First, it was my clumsy fault that I didn't notice that this game didn't support multiplayer. Some of you may remember playing a little Microsoft Studios game called Freelancer, which was an amazing spaceflight game. If you're looking for a game like that, this isn't it. I completed the first mission, and sadly to say I got kinda bored; too bored in fact to finish the second mission.Overall, the game and its graphics are nice. I wish I had a nicer graphics card to take advantage of the wonderful effects I could see in the trailers. However, the gameplay is very repetitive with little reward."
76561197971800011,Recommended,209540,8037196,"Posted: 13 December, 2013",all,Paladinistic,awesome!
,Recommended,209540,8038027,"Posted: 14 December, 2013",all,LoGoS,This game is difficult at first but can be lots of fun once you get the hang of it.
,Recommended,209540,8480180,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,grey_Matt3r,"A nice refresh of the space combat genre that delivers an incredibly thrilling and fast-paced combat experience.Strike Suit Zero is indeed reminiscent of FreeSpace 2, but the addition of the ability to transform into a nimble space mech adds a whole new dimension to the experience. The game’s controls proved to be highly intuitive; it’s relatively easy to pick up, and the ships (be it fighter or mech) were an absolute joy to pilot. Once the Strike Suit is acquired, much of the challenge revolves around the careful management of flux energy, which is replenished upon successful kills, and expended when utilizing the high-powered weapons in strike mode. The story does an adequate job of tying the missions together, and even has a sufficiently interesting twist at the end. As to be expected from the genre, combat is potentially repetitive, but the game mitigates the problem by intensifying the challenge significantly as the campaign progresses, with enemy attacks becoming ever more relentless.The game's balance does leave something to be desired however, especially with regard to its roster of ships. Once the titular Strike Suit is made available, there's little in the way of incentives to warrant the selection of other ships. Furthermore, only generic information is provided on unlocked weapons and ship upgrades (granted upon completing mission-specific challenges). Without stat-related information, most of the weapons unlocked over the course of the campaign seem pointless. i.e. It's hard to justify the choice of heavier weapons when they incur penalties (like reduced projectile velocity) without delivering a discernible difference in dps.Graphics-wise, there's nothing revolutionary here. Nevertheless, it is a step forward as far as space combat sims are concerned. The game maintains a pleasantly minimalist (if somewhat Tron-esque) aesthetic. Each faction's vessels feature sufficiently distinctive designs with a good balance of details, and a number of missions are set against surprisingly breath-taking planetary backdrops. The bloom lighting effects can get over-the-top at times, but on the whole it fits the game well. If I were to nit-pick, some of the shortcomings would be:- completely static HUD portraits- inconsistent attention to detail: absurdly, some large objects like comms relays and shield generators attached to installations disappear without leaving any wreckage when destroyedThe game isn't perfect, but I personally find that it brings enough to the table to be a worthy addition to the genre. If you've been on the hunt for a new space combat simulator, this is one heck of an exhilarating ride that you wouldn't want to miss."
,Recommended,209540,8482881,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,SeawolfX13,Awesome casual space shooter
,Recommended,209540,1320219,"Posted: 12 June, 2013",all,DrFusion3000,"This game didn't get enough credit. Do you like StarFox64? this plays a lot like that. Its challenging, fun. The interface is really not bad. I wholeheartedly recommend it. Expect to replay a good portion of each level to unlock the upgrades for your ships. And expect to replay again for the achievements. Its not long. but its a lot of fun. And you definitely get a power-rush when you mow down 20 opposing fighters, or strip a dozen turrets from a capital ship in one burst."
76561198056720409,Recommended,209540,8466364,"Posted: 31 December, 2013",all,Hoxers,great space combat but needs a few more types of ships and needs a skirmish
76561198002403417,Recommended,209540,8543232,"Posted: 3 January, 2014",all,xhamulnazgul,Normally I can't get behind space based games...  This is definately one exception to my rule.  I especially like how well it plays on multiple different systems with the same control set and feel for the controls.  It really shows how well designed the game is.
76561198050606366,Recommended,209540,8673995,"Posted: 11 January, 2014",all,FinlongerTheMighty,Great game couldn't get enough of it. Playing always reminded me of Gundam Seed. Only problem was it's not longer.
76561198015118289,Recommended,209540,10605726,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,Kerrblam,Pretty neat game and challenging too.
76561198043063333,Recommended,209540,10051340,"Posted: 8 May, 2014",all,sbbgnew,"A good space shooter which can really recall nostalgic of those old days. The strike mode might feel awesome at first, but it lose its magic after you're used to its limited maneuver. It really got most of the important gredient. But unfortunately with some apparent shorts:1. The strike mode need more attack pattern or functions. Probably consider something like infight.2. Story is not well-written. The settings are spilled on the player suddenly in last mission.3. Enemy AI is too simple. And there is no other spacecraft being a threat to the strike suit.4. The last mission is totally a mess. You shouldn't put this so lengthy.But overally speaking, this is still a game worth your time."
,Recommended,209540,8850157,"Posted: 25 January, 2014",all,impure,"Although there is nothing especially fun about this game, fighting in space is pretty cool. If a bit gimmicky."
76561198027717973,Not Recommended,209540,8850759,"Posted: 25 January, 2014",all,zarp0,"This game hurts my head. If you never played Descent, this could be fun. But doubtful."
76561197986254032,Not Recommended,209540,9007462,"Posted: 7 February, 2014",all,Bosni,Very sub-par not worth the price. Very little workshop support. Had my hopes up too.
,Recommended,209540,940651,"Posted: 14 July, 2013",all,aeon,"Ever watch battlestar galactica? You know those awesome dogfight scenes that really captured the feel of space combat, in all it's 3-dimensional glory? Ya, those are♥♥♥♥♥♥compared to this game. Seriously. It's awesome."
,Recommended,209540,9047123,"Posted: 10 February, 2014",all,<M.o.K>Samurai Jack-ing Off,"Strike Suit: Zero is an awesome space fighting simulator that scratches an itch that few other games in recent times have.The story is told sparsely, which can be good or bad depending upon how focused you want to stay on the gameplay. The dual-nature of the Strike Suit is the central focus of the game, and it really does change combat completley when the ship transforms.You're given the option to unlock new weapons as you progress through the campaign which can also turn the tide in combat drastically. For most missions, you're locked to the strike suit (despite having unlocked other fighters) for the first playthrough. After the initial playthrough, the other fighters become unlocked and you can have another go at the level in a different ship if you so wish.The difficulty curve is fairly consistent, though the final level is just stupidly designed and plain boring. If you're not an utter completionist, leave the game at the second to last level and call that it.The Heroes of the Fleet DLC adds a new ship (the Marauder) and some new combat scenarios in the training simulator. Like the main campaign, the final level is horribly designed and gets to be an unfun grind session retry after retry. Up until then, the few missions in HotF are quite enjoyable and a nice change of pace.Ultimately, a great game marred by poor game design in the later levels in the developer's attempt to artificially ramp up difficulty."
,Recommended,209540,1756307,"Posted: 24 June, 2013",all,stegosauross,"Strike Suit Zero is influenced heavily by the classics. The ship design takes inspiration from Macross, Homeworld and Gundam, and the gameplay borrows elements from Freespace, Wing Commander and the X-Wing series. It makes a solid attempt at reintroducing what seems to be a lost genre, then makes an even bolder attempt at  adding to it. This is definitely a game for  fans of the aforementioned titles, and is highly recommended as a foreword for anyone who were to explore the mecha or space combat genres."
76561198054378009,Recommended,209540,5703162,"Posted: 27 July, 2013",all,hyp3rc,"I was really looking forward to this game and bought it as soon as it was on the Steam sale. I have to say I was disappointed. I guess I should have researched it a bit more to determine what kind of game it was. I was expecting an unrealistic arcadey shoot-em-up game with variable form robots. The game actually is a realistic space flight sim/dogfight game. I only played the first few missions, so maybe it gets better, but what I played was slow and dull. The controls are at best confusing and at worst vomit inducing (weird use of the left analog stick). The only objectives you ever seem to get are ""shoot the guys"" and ""protect the big thing from the other things."" They seriously ran out of ideas two missions into the game. Unless you're really into flight sims and like puking alot, I'd say pass on this one."
76561198037472785,Recommended,209540,8792111,"Posted: 20 January, 2014",all,Shalun,"9/10: 30 hours of game play. Wide screen support. Multi-monitor support! Light strategy and simulation, but mostly just a space fighter RPG (transformer, sort of). Some replayability via difficulty levels and  with Steam Workshop content, should provide additional play. Well worth the sale price, but well executed in nearly every aspect. Game difficulty at normal can be challenging. Audio issues with voice actor is frustrating, too quiet, and being reported by others. No amount of tweaking corrected it. However, the album either as DLC or with the game, was surprising very good. I will likely pull it out in a year and replay through."
76561198111907267,Recommended,209540,9133640,"Posted: 15 February, 2014",all,mp3masta,love this game...wish it were more like it
,Recommended,209540,9120774,"Posted: 15 February, 2014",all,Bainos,"This game is really great. It has all the features of space combat simulation, and adds an extra gameplay improvement with the Strike Suit's strike mode.Pursuit mode is dynamic both when you're against fighters and capital ships (the big ships). The targeting system is very efficient and allows you to easily spot the best target. Strike mode adds a new gameplay with a different (and more interesting) movement control (especially efficient against capital ships) and deadly weapons very useful against fighters.The thirteen missions have a wide variety of objectives which make every one feel unique, and the improvement of both your ship and your pilot's abilities give it a high level of replayability.Even better with a joystick, in first person view."
,Recommended,209540,9109348,"Posted: 14 February, 2014",all,NEO Ness,"Fan of Space combat simulators?  Fan of the old 'X-wing' or 'Rogue Squadron' game series?  Love the classic anime titles such as Robotech and/or Super Dimension Fortress Macross?  This game will meet all those needs and more.  I'm not quite done with the game yet personally, but so far I'm loving every second of it.The controls might need a little work, and the compatibility with existing controllers could be a little nicer and automatic instead of painfully testing each button.  But if you only play with Keyboard, then none of that will be a problem for you."
,Recommended,209540,9278754,"Posted: 27 February, 2014",all,red with cOMmUNiSM,strike suit zero out of ten
,Recommended,209540,9284767,"Posted: 27 February, 2014",all,Roguetrooperz,Wow im surprised at how great this game is for an indie well done guys look forward to seeing more of it and expansions :)
,Recommended,209540,9198775,"Posted: 20 February, 2014",all,Fantasmo Tomb,"Excellent little indie space combat game that's incredibly fun, challenging, yet easy to learn and it also has a fantasic soundtrack too."
76561198005551552,Not Recommended,209540,9169951,"Posted: 18 February, 2014",all,Lanic,"This game is a quite fun simulator in the vein of the wing commander series.  However, the last level is incredibly difficult and frustrating.  Changing the feel of the whole game.  If you don't mind just not completing the game I'd recommend it, but if you absolutely have to finish, I'd give this one a miss."
,Recommended,209540,8601401,"Posted: 6 January, 2014",all,TriStar,"Very enjoyable, especially considering that it was another inde kickstarter funded game.  Heard some people mention that they found it boring after a while, but I enjoyed every minute of it.  The game itself is stunning both in the visual and audio department.  The movement and reactions are all very fluid, the enviorements look awesome, and the visuals are just very satisfying in general.  Having your vision whited out from fighter explosions is always a cool effect.  The soundtrack sounds professionally done, the main song features KOKIA who has done vocals for other video games and anime series.  Sound effects are also very well done, and make destroying things in your transforming machine of death all that much more fun.The story wasn't exactly anything special, but it sufficed.  I'd say that was one of its few lacking points.  It ran on max settings perfectly fine except for one point in the story where there were literally things exploding EVERYWHERE, and it started to get bogged down, otherwise it was fine.Very happy I picked up this game, would be awesome to see a more developed sequel come out eventually, as it would be a shame for such a great concept platform stop here.Edit: Just figured I'd mention it took me about 10 hours to finish.  Not sure if any of that was the game sitting open during breaks, but I'd say at least 8.5 of those hours were in game blowing♥♥♥♥♥♥up.  Did take me a couple of tries to get past some checkpoints."
76561197974101561,Recommended,209540,8619715,"Posted: 8 January, 2014",all,Nemesis Legion,"Set in a space war of in the far future you play as a pilot of the experimental combat unit called Strike Suit Zero. This small indie game is something of a homage to space combat simulator games of the 90’s like Colony Wars, Descent, and Freelancer. But be warned its not all just pretty graphics and cool effects. To play this game and be actually good, it takes twitch like reflexes and good split-second judgment."
76561197970554803,Recommended,209540,8761171,"Posted: 18 January, 2014",all,Squatingtiger,"In my opinion, a very underrated game. Strike suit zero is trying to be a couple of things at once, at least I thought so.I go the feeling I was playing an old school space shooter like freespace 2 combined with the aesthetics of the Homeworld series. The storyline is ominous which is great because it feels like the enemy in the game has the upper hand. Again, a very homeworld-ish feel.I was turned off a little once I got the strike suit but it didn't change the challenge or feel of the game, in other words it didn't make anything a great deal easier.The game itself isn't too difficult to get the hang of, it's almost too basic with the weapon choices and target selections, you just have to choose yourself during a mission which targets are priority to you and which aren't and it still maintains a challenge. I used a keyboard and mouse, not a huge fan of the controller I have but you just get used to which controll method you have, at any rate, I had no problems.I'm recommending this game because games are supposed to be a fun and memorable form of art and entertainment and this is certainly one of those games. The developers have hit the mark with this one."
76561198003786902,Recommended,209540,8767941,"Posted: 19 January, 2014",all,ngx.morpha,"This brings back memories of Freelancer. This game features a mission based layout rather than an expansive universe to explore but its still a really fun and really beautifull space mecha action game.Oh, and if you happen to have an Oculous Rift its in 3D."
76561197962648760,Recommended,209540,8776021,"Posted: 19 January, 2014",all,OFF3ND3R,Excellent game I have enjoied it greatly. If you like space sims it's a must.
,Recommended,209540,8440164,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,Emigrant [EfC],Deff. thumb up ! NIce sci-fi simulator with awesome graphic even on linux os
76561197968784159,Recommended,209540,8469966,"Posted: 31 December, 2013",all,spidey202,"IF this was the studios first project, I am really excited to see what they do next.  For a kickstarter project, this game is really polished.  The controls feel really good once you get used to them.  I am playing with a 360 controller for PC and now I wish that all my old experiences with space sims were with this type of controller.  The dual joysticks really work well for giving you yaw.  I really like that they have different ship types and didn't focus exclusively on the Strike Suit.  Playing the Bomber or Interceptor was really enjoyable and added more variety and depth to the missions.  It was kind of nice that they control how much time you can spend in the mecha form, but I think if they would of balanced that form better, there wouldn't of been the need.  I just have a hard time with it being a sci-fi genre and them saying you need to charge the suit by shooting stuff.  Why not just have it be a thermal cool down thing or something.The story isn't overly exciting, the main character is just a name, although they are trying to manufacture a bit of a story with him.  The story doesn't add too much depth to the game, other than serving as a minimal segway to different types of missions.  But the gameplay is really fun, and the graphics are really beautiful.  It feels really amazing when you barrel role over to the underside of a capital ship after making a turret run over the top.  It really feels like you are playing in one of the epic sci fi movie battles.  I don't think I have had a game get this right before.If you are into the space combat sim genre, check it out.  The mech suit transformation is what this game brings to the table, along with updated controls, graphics and sound.  It makes me wish these guys had a license to redo wing commmander or tie fighter, they just need a few new writers."
,Recommended,209540,2024075,"Posted: 21 July, 2013",all,Elerion,"Awesome soundtrack, awesome gameplay, awesome graphics... lacks on an imaginative historyline. And if you play it with jostick your game experiencie is infinity better. Got it? INFINITY, like the other game they released.Hahahahahah...No?"
76561198008499695,Recommended,209540,8488929,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,LuckyStrike77,Was happy to find this game since it fills a missing gap since BP went bye bye. Awesome space shooter beautiful graphics you wont be dissapointed.
76561198064867146,Recommended,209540,8815428,"Posted: 22 January, 2014",all,GOD,"Big transforming robot in space, Killer sound track and a DLC to die for My weekend has been made."
76561198075106705,Recommended,209540,8687724,"Posted: 12 January, 2014",all,Keroro,"Enjoy strolling through space? No. Of course you don'thttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HtDAo-DX2PgLike flying through space in a spaceship? Sure you do! In Strike Suit Zero, you are a space pilot shooting stuff. The story doesn't make much sense, and sure it's extremely hard at points, but at one point your ship becomes a space robot suit so it's all good."
76561198010455259,Recommended,209540,8697609,"Posted: 13 January, 2014",all,MrBester2250,"Very good space fight sim game. Makes me think of a more colorful, modern, tie-fighter-like, game."
76561197980128250,Recommended,209540,8513364,"Posted: 2 January, 2014",all,Runs with Scissors,"If you like Freespace 2 (and know what it is, for that matter) you'll like this modern day space combat sim."
,Recommended,209540,8847526,"Posted: 25 January, 2014",all,RockyBBQ | FZ,"I got a feeling I was reliving the game Homeworld from Sierra. STEAM, please revive HOMEWORLD, HOMEWORLD 2 and HOMEWORLD CATACLYSM. Also, if anyone has it in their heart, please do a remake of Slave Zero."
76561198030625467,Recommended,209540,8919197,"Posted: 31 January, 2014",all,DamonWolf,"Overall a good game, sadly not -great- due to quite a few things, but a worthy homage to titles such as Omegaboost and Macross.Goods:-Very nice graphics and design.-SOLID game play (Extreamly challanging even on Easy, yet satisfying when pulling off major kills/actions)-Missions are lengthy and mostly fulfilling in terms of mission content.-Controls (for a gamepad/xbox controller) are satisfying once you get use to them.Bads:-Game is BRUTAL frequently if you don't know what to do. Higher difficulties are painfuly hard and usually discourage further playing.-Game is short overall, even with buying DLC. (DLC isn't worth buying unless on sale)-Achievements are hard to obtain for some missions (further discouraging play).-EASY to get lost within missions due to their vast size, hard (often impossible) to tell 'up' from 'down'.Other:-Voice acting could be better.-Game could greatly benefit more ingame (outside of mission) content (ex: ingame model viewer)-Could use better camera options.-Could use better oriented DLC (ex: a strike suit that has higher performance for more diffictult situations)-Could use better story eliments and detail.-Would GREATLY benefit if a ""Free Mode"" was added (ex: free flight to just fly around, no objectives)-Multiplayer CO-OP would GREATLY help with difficult gameplay plus VS. Mode would add more content."
,Recommended,209540,8921613,"Posted: 31 January, 2014",all,TheLonelyGeek,"Strike Suit Zero is an awesome game for it to be an indie genre. From the aircraft to manning the strike suit and transforming into the mech was stunning. The controls and maneuverability is an interesting up take. This is one of my first space sim game. The game however pretty much focus on the strike suit. Pretty much why they called the game ""Strike Suit Zero"" in the first place. Well, the other 4 aircraft can be fun and I wish they tailor the missions for them.For a game that uses flight concept, I wish they could do a little bit more. The allowance to have some flight team with us would be awesome. It would also be nice to have a dogfight mechanism. Currently, it's pretty simple. You just chase around and shoot.The Raptor DLC is another version of the strike suit and seems pretty okay but the use of flux is too draining. It is a close-ranged strike suit. Maybe it should be re-adjusted a little bit. The mission can get a little bit draggy with the cutscene. And for the final battle, wouldn't it be nice to see massive fleets from two sides with lots of interceptors / fighter aircraft fighting.It's a good game nevertheless. I'm really a fan of flight sim. And I hope there are others upcoming games like this."
76561198001958801,Recommended,209540,8915107,"Posted: 30 January, 2014",all,Foodoman,"If you're not one for story much, then this is a fun, balls to the wall, space shooter.  The graphics give it a bit of a Homeworld 2 feel, in a good way."
,Recommended,209540,7563410,"Posted: 3 November, 2013",all,Randomman96,"A really well made indie game.  The graphics and gamplay mechanics are increadible, and the special strike mode of the Strike Suit(While limited) makes you feel like death incarnate.  And the weapons are truely balanced.  Better, more powerful weapons have less ammount of charge or supply.  And the scale of the second to last level is amasing.  250+ enemies fighters, a horde of friendly fighters, and scores of large starships.  And with those graphics, I didn't even lose frame rate on my simple, 11 inch Macbook Air."
76561198040880081,Recommended,209540,9056977,"Posted: 11 February, 2014",all,theT7770ify,"one of my favorite styles of game's use to be the space ship simulator but that faded somewhat as they slowly got rarer and rarer. so seeing a game that was basically fly in space and shot things and rain death i needed to pick it up.how does it compare? well the combat is fast and fluid with only one or two miss steps about how to make the combat deeper, the world it makes is really cool and i would really love to see more of this world, the art style works really well and makes everything look pretty dam cool and the music is... well its a little hard for me to say... see they seemed to go more shadow of the colossus style well i think it needed a more power rock feel to it as i turn into a mecka and rain hell fire death on a ship that never saw me coming.the real question is is it fun? and yes it is, its a cheap little game that provides as much fun and enjoyment as it can well given the constraints of a tight sale price. so i would recommend"
76561198040863236,Recommended,209540,9073577,"Posted: 12 February, 2014",all,Azaril9999,"One of the most pleasurable arcadde style flight sims that I have played in years. If you are in search of fast based action with loads of replayability then look no further. The controls are tight and the missionns offer a good variety of challenges. For a real tough time, pick up the Heroes of the Fleet DLC."
,Recommended,209540,8450326,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,Pytheros,"Cool space flight combat game that plays a bit like Gundam, a bit like Homeworld, and a bit like Project Sylpheed. I would say the game is a success, given that it's an indie game and since it's a Kickstarter game built on it's own original engine. There is much work to be done since the gameplay is a bit rough around the edges, but it has a great deal of potential."
76561198056682381,Recommended,209540,5986777,"Posted: 20 August, 2013",all,Athrun,The targeting system in this game makes me want to smash watermelons or people's head with a giant mallet!
,Recommended,209540,9838715,"Posted: 16 April, 2014",all,Not Hawkeye,"gurren lagann the game, just swap the sound tracks and enjoy your mecha"
,Recommended,209540,9565942,"Posted: 19 March, 2014",all,Veiledcascade,"This game ticked a lot of boxes for me, Fun frantic and a wild ride.I'd been looking for a good straight up shooter like this for some time and it was worth every penny.Graphics are amazing and control is fast and fluid.I played this on eyefinity as well as single screen and while Eyefinity did improve the game and how you play, It wasn't required and is just as much fun without it.Well worth buying."
,Recommended,209540,9647554,"Posted: 27 March, 2014",all,Setä Striker,"Here's short but closest way to recommend this: If you have played and enjoyed Zone Of The Enders, you'll enjoy this as well."
,Recommended,209540,1041944,"Posted: 28 January, 2013",all,[Despair] Joy of Micha Jawkan,"Great space combat controls that blend together well with the mech transformation mode. Battles are always a great visual treat as the screen fills with fighter trails and a hailstorm of missiles, Itano Circus style. It's like this generation's version of the PS2 Macross game."
,Recommended,209540,9668401,"Posted: 29 March, 2014",all,[420] Whose footprints are these,"Strike Suit Zero, more like Strike Suit 0/10! Where da melee button at? Where dem killstreaks at?"
,Recommended,209540,8324897,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,Flowers_and_Dreams,"One of the greatest space sims ever made! Fun gameplay, excellent immersion!You really feel like you are part of much larger battles. Take a moment to afterburner away from the action and look back and simply take in everything that is going on.I wish they would make a sequel (Infinity doesn't count). I'm looking forward to it."
,Recommended,209540,8254219,"Posted: 24 December, 2013",all,Dreamwinder,"If you have fond memories of playing flight sims when you were a kid, this is basically all the best bits if X-Wing and Wing Commander but prettier, and without being attached to some major franchise that might someday be driven into the ground. You also don't need a great rig to play it. Most laptops can manage it with a decent discreet card."
76561197960416745,Recommended,209540,8254950,"Posted: 24 December, 2013",all,sysreq,Pretty good flight sim.  It has a good difficulty curve but it is kind of short.
76561197972657693,Recommended,209540,8236734,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,Arty Party,"This game, is awesome. Graphics 10/10. Gameplay 9/10 Story 8/10 Music 10/10. This game was beautifully created. Cheers to the creators. At first I thought that it looked Meh but once I bought it during the steam christmas sales, my thoughts did a full 180. I would have actually payed the whole price had I know how awesomely awesome this is. If you love space battles and hard battles, this game is for you. None of that casual bull that other space sims give you. This game thrusts you into the fray instantly and with out a single damn to give you. Perfect game, 9.9/10, would do again."
,Recommended,209540,8236855,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,As gay a as gayman,-Gameplay: Awesome +-Story: Meh +-Graphics: Awesome -Overall: Awesome --
76561198010401580,Recommended,209540,8238977,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,davli,Surprisingly good and calming to play.  I easily have vertigo and this doesn't give me that.
,Recommended,209540,8239015,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,CatDad500,All I can say is that if you have Oculus Rift this is a must have. Well balanced fun shooter with awesome graphics/gameply. A must have for even the full price.
76561198071150068,Recommended,209540,6638836,"Posted: 23 May, 2013",all,TJ Vinny,"Might've gotten poor reviews, but don't let that fool you! This be the best dang darn space combat simulator out there. It's beautiful, plenty of action, it's an indie game! If you didn't get enough epic space combat from this....they got DLC! and another game called Strike Suit Infinity! Fight off endless waves of enemy ships in an endless epic battle! WHOO!"
76561197984092519,Recommended,209540,8176770,"Posted: 21 December, 2013",all,Kaladryn,"This game is really, REALLY good! I have seen reviews that knock the storyline, but it's an action/arcade style space shooter, not a storyline game, and it delivers PERFECTLY on what it tries to be.Highly Recommended!!!"
76561197970408960,Recommended,209540,407112,"Posted: 7 July, 2013",all,TheAquaticApe,"Space. Mechs. What more could you ask for? A good game with great visuals, but suffers slightley from a big difficulty curve."
,Recommended,209540,8113292,"Posted: 18 December, 2013",all,WaFFeLPoKaLYPSe,"If you're into space shooters, this is a ♥♥♥♥♥torm of awesomesauce!  The controls and the 360-degree style of flight sort of remind me of the levels in Star Wars: Shadows of the Empire (N64) where you pilot the Outrider - it wasn't what I was expecting at first, but it doesn't take long to get used to.Performance-wise, I'm running this on a 4-year old computer with an Intel integrated graphics card and 4Gb of RAM.  Most of my games lag somewhat and use quite a lot of CPU, but I had SSZ on the highest graphic settings (which look amazing by the way), and there was no lag or drop in framerate at all!"
76561198017546686,Recommended,209540,8222720,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,Wildebear,"Probably one of the most fun Space battle dog-fight games i have played in a while.Immediately drags you into the whole plot. Truly immersive and amazing story-telling to it. The graphics are just astounding and breath-taking. The gorgeous environment just leaves you wanting more.The Dog-fights between fighters is fast-paced and extremly fun. Then there are massive-scale fights going on between frigates, cruisers and capital ships. Yay for fireworks!8/10"
,Recommended,209540,7778953,"Posted: 26 November, 2013",all,brandonMetal,"This game is seriously fun.  It's been a long while since I've had a space sim to play that is such a blast.  Definitely better than 'Sol Exodus.'  Epic battles that definitely require strategic prioritizing of targets and resources.  Pretty sweet graphics, too.  Top recommendation without hesitation!  Looking forward to future titles from Born Ready!"
,Recommended,209540,355279,"Posted: 23 January, 2013",all,CreeD,"This was an impulsive purchase that has turned out to be a very good one. Nice, simple old-school fighter action against beautiful backdrops all to a stunning soundtrack. Well worth the money."
,Recommended,209540,1737828,"Posted: 26 February, 2013",all,Zeighy.Games,"SSZ, not as exciting as I thought it would be. Would probably need an endless mode or something to make it replayable, probably even a ""free roam"" gamemode. Anyway, I'm stuck, one mission is damn too punishing I can't finish it. Worth it? Sure. Does it give the space combat in a strike suit feel? eeehhh, sure, I guess. You'll probably staying flying around as a fighter ship, than a strike suit (it only exists as a strike suit for a limited time and under certain conditions) Those aside, SSZ nailed space combat pretty well. Charaters dialogue may need to be freshen up, however. Nonetheless, it's damn good game."
,Recommended,209540,669110,"Posted: 27 January, 2013",all,Diehr Wolf,"This game is a mix of style from Omega Boost, and Colony Wars for PSX. Although this game was short (only 13 missions that last about 10-20 minutes per), the action was good, and worth the price. The storyline is predictable (the usual save the earth spiel), the controls need a little extra configuring (if you're using a gamepad), and the physics for space are not ideal (no drift).But as much as I am complaining about it, I still had a lot of fun, and look forward to any mission DLC they may develop."
76561198098613240,Recommended,209540,8374431,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,milkyhollow,"The mechanics are pretty good for the game.  It will take a short while to understand the suit and switching between modes.  I find the gameplay addicting.  I love the explosions and all the effects.I also like how you can replay levels, which is necessary to get the bonuses.  So, as you get upgrades and bonuses in other levels, you can then go back to retry a previous level to get its bonus."
76561198019332041,Recommended,209540,8970734,"Posted: 3 February, 2014",all,PlasticandRage,"I absolutely love this game. Came into it relatively blindly. Had just done a revisit of some of my older favorites from the Wing Commander series, and was looking to jump into something similar that made use of newer technology, and SSZ happened to be on sale on Steam that day, so I made the purchase without really knowing what I was getting into. Infinitely happy that I did. The controls take a little getting used to, but the game eases you into them by giving you what's essentially a tutorial mission, followed by a few missions that are pretty light on difficulty and present you with basic forms of each fighting scenario, for example squadrons of fighters you have to take down, a capital ship you have to protect, etc. Once you get used to the key placements it's all pretty straightforward in that regard. The graphics are nothing short of spectacular both in their smoothness running and in presentation. I'm playing on a fairly decent, but not cutting edge machine, and I've experienced very few framerate issues, really only dropping slightly when so much is happening on screen that it's more than my brain can process all at once either. The sound and music are just as good, really fitting the atmosphere of the game, helping to enhance the feeling that you're taking part in massive epic space battles. There's also a good amount of replay value added in the form of mission medals and stat upgrade unlocks, that I know have me revisiting mission after mission to try for higher scores and get the unlocks/medals that I want. The only thing even remotely negative that I can say about the game is that it's pretty light on plot. The majority of the plot is communicated through text that you get both in mission briefings and post-mission reports, along with some cutscenes that take place during missions, but at times it's developed so little that I found myself scratching my head when something big happened, feeling like I didn't really know what was going on at all. But at the same time it's really not the emphasis of the game. The fast-paced large scale beautifully rendered space battles in amazingly atmospheric settings is. So basically if you're looking for something really plot heavy, this may not be the game for you, but if you're looking for a straight up space battle simulator and can live without having much of a plot to go along with it then you won't regret the purchase."
,Recommended,209540,8937071,"Posted: 1 February, 2014",all,Ing,"Fun and addictive. Think Zone of The Enders meets Homeworld. Only 13 missions with rewards for repeating for better scores, bargain for < £4 on sale though."
76561198007841522,Recommended,209540,9215450,"Posted: 22 February, 2014",all,Dick Gumshoe,Do it.
76561198046772896,Recommended,209540,9000947,"Posted: 6 February, 2014",all,MAHOGANY,Interesting space battle game
,Recommended,209540,9542089,"Posted: 18 March, 2014",all,bug12lm,its amazing!!
,Not Recommended,209540,9637070,"Posted: 26 March, 2014",all,Sheppy,"08/15 Spaceshooter with 08/15 story and 08/15 graphics.. i don't wanna say it's a bad game, it's just the very opposite of something speciali guess you can have some fun with it but it's not worth the full price"
,Recommended,209540,9640577,"Posted: 26 March, 2014",all,HauntedShadowsLegacy,"This game isn't for the uncoordinated, to say the least. Controls are touchy and difficult until you get used to them. I've put in just over an hour of gameplay, and I've only managed to get to mission four. The lag spikes I experience could probably be fixed with a new graphics card, but it's interesting that it spikes while I'm in Strike mode and goes down when I'm not.It'll take some learning and some practice, but I would recommend this game to anyone willing to put in practice time to get better at the controls. The plot line is enough to keep me coming back, but if it's not enough for you, this might not be for you.All in all, I give this game: 7/10"
,Not Recommended,209540,9365079,"Posted: 6 March, 2014",all,komek,"This game is a cool idea at it's core, but it's definitely not worth 20 bucks. I would pay 5 for it maybe. I regret my purchase."
76561198064015142,Recommended,209540,9344165,"Posted: 4 March, 2014",all,Strilter,"If your looking for a decent dogfighting game for fun this game is exhilirating except for the last mission. I found the controls a bit clunky but aside from that the only thing that continually frustrated me was the inability for me to lock on to the specific target I wanted. The brief in game explination hardly covers the use of the system adequately and knowing where those torpedos are when the entire screen is filled with explosions is quite difficult at times. All that aside I would recommend this game but wait and get it on sale. It is not a $20.00 tittle I feel it missed out on much needed development such as character development, story depth, and scenario design. Unlike what I've seen from the rest of the reviews I had no issues with the checkpoint system incorperated they were well placed and the entire point was to make sure you werent just throwing out a million rockets willy nilly so you would have the required resources to beat the end of a mission segment and reach the begining of another checkpoint. All in all the checkpoints did not hamper me in fact they were an asset once I figured out how they were placed and I knew when it was okay to waste what I had to make it to the next checkpoint after which it was acceptable to die and get more special weapon ammo and armor."
76561198000058788,Recommended,209540,9261051,"Posted: 25 February, 2014",all,Tater No-Pants,It's like Robotech but cooler
76561198006520089,Recommended,209540,9261561,"Posted: 25 February, 2014",all,Empire,"Awsome game to play, the battles are excellent even though I used the Strike Suit to max every mission. I enjoyed the combat and the story was okay too. If you are looking for a good game and don't want to spend to much money I recommend this one!"
76561198004535830,Recommended,209540,2243503,"Posted: 14 June, 2013",all,Skullduggery,"The gameplay is Rogue Squadron meets Zone of Enders, the setting is Macross meets Homeworld. It's awesome, nuff said."
76561197970654115,Recommended,209540,9264647,"Posted: 25 February, 2014",all,KLUMP,"If you are yearning for classic Wing Commander style action, this is the game for you. It is a love child of old school space sims and new style mech action. With better controller support, it would be a must own, as the current keyboard / mouse layout is a bit clunky. Using a joystick might work better, but it would slow down the action greatly."
,Recommended,209540,9265263,"Posted: 25 February, 2014",all,Mittendwarf,Its fun. Rift support is fun but dont recomend using the Rift for long periods of time. Only played a little before I had to take it off due to motion sickness :/ Tricking your brain to move 3 directions and not feel it is weird. Other than stuff with the rift its a great game.
,Recommended,209540,9265592,"Posted: 25 February, 2014",all,baldsolo,"If you like Wing Commander, you'll like this stripped down space fighter with a cool story and atmospheric soundtrack."
76561198071998739,Recommended,209540,9266213,"Posted: 25 February, 2014",all,abbieam28,"2 hours playing, so far so god until you get the strike suit and then the fight goes awkward.In my opinion, the game will be awesome if its just keep the dogfight element without the strike suit (become a space fighter robot) mode, i love the first person view when dogfighting.Well, if you like some space pewpew you might wanna give it a try."
76561198079314761,Recommended,209540,9266671,"Posted: 26 February, 2014",all,DARKLY | Vinyl Breach™,Got very good potential at the moment hope it dont screw up
,Recommended,209540,9267255,"Posted: 26 February, 2014",all,Ystah,"I really enjoy space games and played many of them butsomething about the game♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥me off but I just found out now what it was: The cutscenes, taking the control and game away from the player just to provide some less-stylish cutscenes.Still worth of giving a shot for it is a pure space fight action game but with no freedom."
76561198012252927,Recommended,209540,9267783,"Posted: 26 February, 2014",all,FOL,"All I can say is wow!!!!!.What a well polished awesome game. Controls are abit hard, but once you get used to it, your set.Luckly for me, I own an XBOX controller.The visuals, sound track are also spot on.Well worth buying."
,Recommended,209540,9287331,"Posted: 27 February, 2014",all,Mr Carstein,B-A-D-A-S-S
76561198001482947,Recommended,209540,2049620,"Posted: 13 April, 2013",all,KimuraXrain,good game  vary hard it will take some time to get used to the game but other than that grate game :D
,Recommended,209540,1631738,"Posted: 27 January, 2013",all,Mephane,"Fast-paced space combat with wonderful visuals, art style and music. Don't trust metacritic, this game is awesome."
76561197989858664,Recommended,209540,1238828,"Posted: 13 July, 2013",all,tommynocker001,"Easy control system and easy play system, with simple, colourful graphics.A very simple idea for a game, yet quite fun. Definitely worth the bargain bin pick up!"
,Recommended,209540,9297951,"Posted: 28 February, 2014",all,-Z-,"I thought the days of X-Wing, Wing Commander: Privateer, and Independence War were over. Okay, so it doesn't have anything like the customization of Privateer, the mystery and exploration of I-War, or the hook of the Star Wars universe. It does have great action, spectacular graphics, and white knuckle dog fighting that could go toe-to-toe with the best of them."
76561197999932221,Not Recommended,209540,9322979,"Posted: 2 March, 2014",all,Acorn King,"Trying to play this on a gamepad is just pointless as the controls there are far too sensitive, making you unable to shoot the broad side of a barn. Keyboard and mouse are a lot more easier to use and result in much improved accuracy. Visuals are fine, though nothing special. I honestly can't understand this games PC requirements being as high as they are. A complete lack of checkpoints throughout every mission I've played so far is also quite baffling and will lead to many ragequits. Weapons are pretty easy to use.All in all, it's an....OK game at best. If you want a simple space shooter (emphasis on simple) then go for it. But in all honesty, I wouldn't recommend. There are other games out there that do it better."
,Not Recommended,209540,3278535,"Posted: 24 March, 2013",all,Lollerich,Garbage
,Recommended,209540,9269079,"Posted: 26 February, 2014",all,PandaHammer,"Good, doesn't challenge a mid end GPU though, and the indie nature of the game is very apparent.  good fun, and does space combat very well.a word of warning, the default controls S-U-C-K with a capital S.  modify your config and use a joystick if you can."
,Recommended,209540,7436727,"Posted: 20 October, 2013",all,Nutter,"I really enjoyed this game. Some of the main criticisms were with the control scheme and with the length of the game. Personally I got used to the controls quickly on keyboard and mouse, and if you have a controller they are supposedly better. They are also very customisable if you don't like the default system. As for the length, the game has a lot to offer for its price in my opinion, and at a reduced price you can't complain! Missions are a good length (though the checkpoint system can be rather punishing on harder missions) and it is an arcade style game in the sense that you get points for everything so replaying missions for platinum medals is encouraged.The other main criticism was that it wasn't enough like some other space flight game that the reviewer liked. Personally I don't see how this is a valid criticism for a reviewer to make who is supposed to be reviewing this game and not one that is over ten years old. This is its own game, go watch some gameplay if you are undecided, don't presume it will be like x-wing because thats what you want it to be like, you may be dissapointed.If you like bright flashy space combat and a game that rewards players that learn the mechanics and uses them instead of expecting it to be like that space game you played in 98 then pick it up!"
,Recommended,209540,9270075,"Posted: 26 February, 2014",all,ULTRASMURF,"Great space combat game with amazing graphics, good game length, and with an intresting story"
,Recommended,209540,8272173,"Posted: 25 December, 2013",all,Slothium,best game ever! EXCEPT: the start of the last mission is bloody impossible! the tunnels are so thin!
76561198079078232,Recommended,209540,8283711,"Posted: 25 December, 2013",all,Rezornath Fayguard,"Good pacing, good story, overall recommended."
76561197988554955,Recommended,209540,8213611,"Posted: 22 December, 2013",all,wargod666,its a great space flight game action is intense and fun. if you like the anime gundam then this is a must have and for people who arent fimiliar with this game who doesnt love to dog fight it out with rockets lasers a fleet to back you up ai pilots who are flying into the fray trully a great game hope they make some kind of co-op in the future cant wait
,Recommended,209540,8214239,"Posted: 22 December, 2013",all,ali_edwards,"can't recommend enough, fantastic game :)"
,Recommended,209540,8215112,"Posted: 22 December, 2013",all,Savior X,"An awesome space combat game. Think of it like Macross the video game. Combat is challenging, but fun and very flashy. Game starts off a bit slow, but picks up after mission 3 once you get the Strike Suit. The game can spike in difficulty very randomly, but never to the point of impossibility. The only thing I would hold against it is the bonus upgrades. Some of them ask you to complete a secondary objective of some sort. However, many of these objectives go against actually doing well on the mission. Very often, when I replayed the mission to get the secondary objective, I ended up doing far worse rating wise then I did just playing the mission normally.All in all, a fantastic dog-fighting, large-scale, space combat game and well worth the price of $20. Even better when it's on sale."
76561197989210278,Recommended,209540,8215198,"Posted: 22 December, 2013",all,Zanazans,"So much more could be done with this game, I find Strike Suit Zero very fun."
,Recommended,209540,8041741,"Posted: 14 December, 2013",all,Blackie Chan,"If you like Battlestar Galactica, Macross, or anything like that, you will like the combat featured in this game. Zero-G space combat where you dogfight, bomb, and morph into a OP robot form that rapes muppets. The visuals are very nice that demonstrates the scale of the combat. Controls with mouse and keyboard are pretty good but I'm sure joystick users would have it easier."
,Recommended,209540,8043019,"Posted: 14 December, 2013",all,Jover,such a good space shooter.
,Recommended,209540,8043599,"Posted: 14 December, 2013",all,[SKT9]·nyzKo; tEh: trilli0naire:,"This♥♥♥♥♥♥is Ace Combat, in space."
,Recommended,209540,8044280,"Posted: 14 December, 2013",all,Nanoha,"Excellent fun so far and for the sale price you just can't go wrong. Using a controller for this, haven't tried keyboard and mouse with it. I am even replaying missions (something I tend never to do)."
,Recommended,209540,8044306,"Posted: 14 December, 2013",all,Mars,"It's like 1 part Freespace, 1 part Armored core, with a bit of Gundam thrown in. It's got loads of explosions, and though the pacing seems a bit off at times, the ability to jump from playing Freespace The New Age, to Armored Core In Space is just hilariously fun and can really keep the action going, though I can't recommend if you can't stand being in the Freesapce mode longer than the Armored Core mode. But that's just like, my opinion man."
,Recommended,209540,8044754,"Posted: 14 December, 2013",all,rabid,My personal GOTY 2013. Indy devs continue to amaze as they incresingly show up big AAA developers who turn out crap product after broken product.
76561197986422720,Recommended,209540,8021598,"Posted: 12 December, 2013",all,I2O,This Game is AWESOME!Blowing up spaceships has never been more fun!
,Recommended,209540,8021762,"Posted: 12 December, 2013",all,DJ,"Ideal for space cowboys.  Linear storyline rather than open world, but contrary to some reviews, I relish the frantic action and storytelling of SSZ.  It's such a nice change to have a game with some challenge to it.  The 3rd person view of the ships reminds me of ye olde Battlestar Galactica.  Taking out the gun turrets on the larger cruisers looks impressive.  Trying to get on the tails of your enemy using piloting skills and thrusters requires some perseverence in order to blast them into oblivion.  SSZ runs very well on my modest AMDm gpu.  It gets quite hypnotic at times, certainly not one for epileptics, and the in game audio is atmospheric.  I must admit i'm not one for the combo exploiting SSI sequel, but it's more of the same I suppose.  I think it was also this game that you can actually get skinning mods for several sci-fy favorites for!  7/10 whilst I await Elite."
,Recommended,209540,8021820,"Posted: 12 December, 2013",all,Kid Stein,"Fun but short space mecha game you've always wanted. If the editor wasn't so difficult I'd make some levels, but whutevs. Wish the mod community for this game wasn't dead, seems like it'd be a ton of fun."
,Recommended,209540,8021970,"Posted: 12 December, 2013",all,ebra -EU,"love this game so far , which it had co-op or multiplayer to play it with friends"
76561197975890591,Recommended,209540,8022454,"Posted: 12 December, 2013",all,[G3T] Beardlich,"It's a beautiful space simulator where your ship turns into a giant mech. I feel like if I need to say more than that, you have a brain condition, are in a coma, can never be my friend, or a combination of all three."
,Recommended,209540,8022796,"Posted: 12 December, 2013",all,RatherSunless,"This game is fun, rather difficult, and has very tight gameplay.  Give it a shot if you find it on sale, and need something to scratch that space combat itch until Star Citizen comes out."
76561198043484020,Recommended,209540,7699051,"Posted: 19 November, 2013",all,BK201 Black Reaper,"Any self respecting Mecha or Gundam fan should play this, fast, furious space combat and never a slow moment. It also looks gorgeous!!!"
,Recommended,209540,7438697,"Posted: 20 October, 2013",all,Dapper Prinny,"If you grew up with Gundam then this is the game for you. It's a great game that's worth every penny.The only downside is that if your computer isn't up to par with the game's standards, it will lag. The flight mechanics are simple and clean, and easy enough to learn. While it does take time to master, you have plenty of missions to learn."
76561198006220406,Recommended,209540,8023062,"Posted: 12 December, 2013",all,Valerick,"This game is absolutely enjoyable. If you loved space shooters and♥♥♥♥♥♥like that, you'll like this game. You have a variety of ships and missions that have various degrees of difficulty. Once you get the shape-shifting mech/fighter you'll be in the meat and potatoes.Trust me when I saw read the controls and learn how the game works. Flying balls deep into a carrier ship formation before shifting into a huge gun platform mecha and launching 100 anime missles is an amazing feeling."
76561198006881745,Recommended,209540,8023126,"Posted: 12 December, 2013",all,STG.CJC,"An inteligent, fast, smooth, and unfailingly beautiful game.  The game is small for the sheer enjoyment it brings, and with the Mega Bundle coming wth the full soundtrack and a kick♥♥♥♥♥artbook, it's what I recommend to buy.  This game is an excelent sci-fi experience in a rich and well rendered universe, the characters are distinguished but not obtrusive, letting the game speak for itself, and boy does it.  Enemies are inovative when given the chance to be, and showing any weakness will result on them mercilessly pursuing you.  Not to mention the incredibly active and powerful capital ships that power through space as you dart around every nook and cranny chasing enemy fighter craft away from your ship's critical systems and opening enemy ships up for attack.Chase and dogfight your way through swarms of enemy fighters, then switch to 'Strike Suit Mode' and completely erradicate the lot.I recommend this for any space combat fan, even if dogfights aren't your thing, the vistas, music, and watching massive ships slug it out around you is well worth the price."
76561197970627194,Recommended,209540,8023461,"Posted: 12 December, 2013",all,Wiggles,If you liked the Freespace series you'll like this.
,Recommended,209540,8023742,"Posted: 12 December, 2013",all,PyroAceShinigami,Nice to look and nice to play. Might get repetitive at times and I suggest buy this game if you want a game to fill in an hour or 2.
,Recommended,209540,8023899,"Posted: 12 December, 2013",all,JIFF01,Si tan sólo le hubieran dedicado un poquito más de tiempo a que controlarlo con joystick fuese más disfrutable
,Recommended,209540,8024018,"Posted: 12 December, 2013",all,Cade,Great space dogfighter sim.  You can certainly see the Homeworld and anime influence in it's design.  Pretty backgrounds.
76561197968464843,Recommended,209540,8024856,"Posted: 12 December, 2013",all,Etgfrog,"Easiest way I can describe this, It similar to wing commander with its mission system however its more arcade like with its gameplay. The game approaches bullet hell level of enemies at times and handles everything rather well."
76561198014243702,Recommended,209540,8024976,"Posted: 12 December, 2013",all,Dad,"good game at this low price,old style but lots of fun"
,Recommended,209540,8025073,"Posted: 12 December, 2013",all,Clod Stiff,in my opinion it looks buitifull the controll needs some getting used to (controller is advised) but otherwise its tremendossly fun downside is its short but thats what its counterpart strike suit infinity is for (this has a campain while infinity is arcade style)
,Recommended,209540,8025140,"Posted: 12 December, 2013",all,Aepocgryphal,Fun game. Not much in the way of story or interesting mechanics. Basically Ace Combat but in space. Worth a try if you see it on sale.
,Recommended,209540,8025948,"Posted: 12 December, 2013",all,Admiral,DO I RECOMMEND THIS GAME? YES. IT IS IN SPACE!
76561198012283702,Recommended,209540,8026051,"Posted: 12 December, 2013",all,Bob,"Standard 90s-esque style Space Sim. Good graphics. Reminds me a lot of the old Wing Commanders and Decent: Freespace. If it's on sale, I'd recommend buying it."
76561198026566282,Not Recommended,209540,8026147,"Posted: 12 December, 2013",all,R3V3RS3,6.5/10. Read other detailed reviews. I give it this rating.
,Recommended,209540,8026475,"Posted: 13 December, 2013",all,Fairemont,"I have played Strike Suit Zero, and I admit, I had a good time with it. I recommend checking it out, especially with it on sale. It's worth it."
76561197970574411,Recommended,209540,431859,"Posted: 27 January, 2013",all,Mistake n' Potatoes,"♥♥♥♥in' spaceships and mechas, ♥♥♥♥in' hybrid between Freelancer and Gundam: Encounters in Space.  What the ♥♥♥♥ else do you want?  What the ♥♥♥♥ else?"
,Recommended,209540,8024642,"Posted: 12 December, 2013",all,Harou.EXE,"Once you get pass the annoying control setup, it becomes a fun game, specially if you're a fan of the Macross and ZOE series, it feels just like good old arcade-style space shooters."
,Recommended,209540,6097012,"Posted: 17 July, 2013",all,Jumbo,good space shooter but the stages are so freaking long. it takes me a good hour or so to finish one.
76561198022333247,Recommended,209540,8026701,"Posted: 13 December, 2013",all,frewq2,Sweet Game. I played a game similar to this on gamecube called Robotech and it was the bomb glad one has came to PC.I recomend.
,Recommended,209540,8027140,"Posted: 13 December, 2013",all,Maha Vailo,Badass pew pew space shooter with great story line and great gameplay.
,Recommended,209540,8027722,"Posted: 13 December, 2013",all,My name is Joe.,"13 Dec 13Strike Suit Zero really captured my imagination, yet cast me into nostalgia. Whether intentional or not, the fighters, the music, the engine trails, all of these point and more point to a heavy influence from the Homeworld series (a series I myself adore.) So bias this review will be based on the fact that the man behind the Music in this little gem IS the same guy responsible for the 1999 cult classic Homeworld. To gameplay: this game can be difficult to play without a gamepad as I did (last level especially as precision is required in tight hallways) but very fun to fly all the same keyboard WSAD keys to control the roll pitch and speed but using the mous to control the direction you're facing. Fun mechanic when you start getting better is using the pulling on the brakes, quickly dragging the nose of your ship in a different direction and then blasting the boost metre to shoot off in an erratic and unpredictable direction similar to tactics used in the BSG series. The graphics aren't the most up to date BUT the art style is nice nonetheless: a vivid and colourful world filled with bright Nebulae & striking backdrops which serve to make any encounter even more dramatic. Some of the levels in the story campaign allow you to use these natural effects to your Armada's tactical advantage, for example hiding a fleet in the sensor prohibiting properties of a nearbye cloud but making your presence known, drawing the enemy inside after you've rigged the path with mines and then having you and your Strike Suit Suit armed up and ready to be the last line of defence alongside 20-30 other friendly fighters. The battles taking place around you make you feel part of a larger war, taking out the individual sub-sections on a Capital Ship til it explodes leaving behind a huge derelict hull is gratifying. If I could improve on this game, I would say that it'd be nice to have a less linear mission choice; For example the ability between missions to bring up a star map and pick one of a couple of new missions would add more replayability, combined with my other suggestion to add more word play between me & my team would've served to enhance the story aspects of the game even further as it would've made me feel more empathy towards the other characters. Perhaps allowing them to reflect on the decisions that've been made during the game (ascertaining towards the mission choices or in-game decisions) and allowing for mulitple outcomes. Granted, these decisions would effectively be turning this game into an RPG which would rule in my opinion."
76561198018751918,Recommended,209540,8027991,"Posted: 13 December, 2013",all,lior_nachmias,"Overall its a great game,more of an arcade shooter but its nice and it does try to tell a story.The controls take time to get use to but eventually are quite comfortable and you can always customize your gamepad.The graphics are great considering this is an indie crowd funded game and so is the soundtrack.Get it while its on sale :P"
76561198024353382,Recommended,209540,8028082,"Posted: 13 December, 2013",all,Muramasa,"I'm not a huge fan of space sims but gotta say, this one is awesome!! Gundam style suit firing like 30 rockets at once feels rlly epic \[O_o]/"
,Recommended,209540,5890617,"Posted: 24 May, 2013",all,MarurabaATX,"fun flight sim with good effects and space mechs! the tracers behind the ships and the graphic are nice, it get tough in those last levels but its fun to fight an entire fleet and win."
76561198008981303,Not Recommended,209540,8044990,"Posted: 14 December, 2013",all,Goat Puncher,"do i enjoy the gameplay?YESdo i enjoy the missions?NOescort missions are NOT fun, and there are way too many in this game.If you want to PLAY this game get the INFINITY version, that way you won't have to endure almost an entire campaign of annoying escort missions."
,Recommended,209540,8045016,"Posted: 14 December, 2013",all,Solarisfire,Amazing fun! Love this game. If you like space combat flight games get this.
76561198008969650,Recommended,209540,8045194,"Posted: 14 December, 2013",all,Duck2112,"Once I got used to the controls (I used Keyboard & Mouse), it was actually a pretty good game.  The combat was intense and using the strike suit to obliterate entire formations was a lot of fun.  They even managed to make the bomber not feel like a flying coffin, which is a major accomplishment in my book.  The only blight on otherwise excellent level design was the absoluteley terrible the final mission.  I don't know why devs keep putting ""flying through tunnels"" missions in games about shooting things in space.  With that said, if you enjoy arcade style shooters like Star Fox and Rogue Squadron this is definitely worth checking out."
76561198079372588,Recommended,209540,9278536,"Posted: 27 February, 2014",all,eapenster,I would recomend this game if you like space sims and also arcade styled games.But if you are getting this for the oculus rift support please do not get it unless its on sale. The oculus rift support of this game has majour flaws like the locking system (the red thinge that locks on objectives and enemy spaceships is 2d. so when u watch it through vr it realy disorients you untill you kind of get a general idea and just follow the direction. I must say its a realy fun arcade shooter to play and the story is fun but predictable. So i am sure i will be putting quite a few more hours in this game. Also if i understand correctly when this game releases the directors cut edition. i think they plan to provide an update to all the strike suite zero owners.I hope they fix all the issues that make it  less fun than what it could be.IF YOU ARE USING THE OCULUS RIFT IN THIS GAME . WHEN YOU START OF THE GAME WITH YOUR WINDOWS IN FULL HD . THE SCREEN WILL LAUNCH IN 1024X768 AND JUST RESS IN TOP LEFT CORNER OF THE SCREEN. SO REMEBER TO GET YOUR WINDOW RESOLUTIONS TO MATCH THE 1024X768. DONT BOTHER ABOUT THE WRONG ASPECT RATIO. IT WILL KIND OF RUN IN THIS SETTING
76561198008752590,Recommended,209540,9329078,"Posted: 3 March, 2014",all,Yahiroz,"Awesome game, beautiful graphics, wonderful music."
76561198017645224,Recommended,209540,9334178,"Posted: 3 March, 2014",all,rict138,Its pretty cool.
,Recommended,209540,8702097,"Posted: 14 January, 2014",all,Tangram,"If you want a deeply strategic, thinking mans space sim ... then this game is not for you. However if you want raw escapism, over-powered mecha delight, then step right up.This game is visually stunning, has great music, an easy learning curve, and is just outright fun!Strap into your Stike Suit and go go go!"
