user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
76561197973903613,Recommended,209630,12484567,"Posted: 13 October, 2014",all,{ASP}T1nSoldier,"Magrunner: Dark Pulse has been called Portal with magnets meets Cthulu. It is an apt description, but not quite fair. It is portal only insofar as it is a FPS puzzle game, the feel is reminiscent of Portal, but it has it's own unique charm. A little more work on monster animations would have gone a long way, and the final ""boss"" is ridiculously difficult until you have the ""AHAH!"" moment, then the whole area can be completed in under 5 minutes because it isn't immediately evident what you need to do. The game is great fun, and quite original if you can push Portal out of your mind. Some of the puzzles are brilliantly put together. If you like Portal, buy it. If you like Cthulu, buy it. All I can say is:Ia Ia Cthulu Fhtagn!"
,Recommended,209630,12457359,"Posted: 11 October, 2014",all,OB,This is just a normal p̢͝u͘z̡͟z͏l͘͠ę game.Nothing to see͝ ̵h͡er̷ep̣̹̗̺͙̔͒̀l̻ͩ̏͐e̬͓̦̩̠̚͞aͦ̕     ḩ̖͕̪̘͔ͧ͒͑ͪͮ͛ͯͅe̤͍̲̫̳̰̘͓͙ͯ̿ͧ̃̿͗͐͛l͙̟͈̯̭̳̖̦ͮ͋̊̀͠pͧ̒͠͏̸̲͎̝̣̹̳͖a̴̙̜̻̹̞̟͈ͦ̆̾͋̄͂̉̉͛̑͢͟͞͠f̢ͭ̒ͫ͗ͤͤ͋ͨ́͌͑ͫ̅͏̺̰̻̰͙̺̫̤̣̮̼̣̀͜t̸̽̋ͦͨ́̾̔ͭ͝͏̶̨̜̩̳̻͈e̡̯̝̟͇̦̰̟̦͈̳̰͕̬̹̘̖̰̋͗̄ͬ̄ͨ̏̐̔̌̚͜ͅr̴͉͙͕̙͚͕͍̹̩̤̤̞̺͍͈̳͈̟ͨ̾ͬ̌̿ͫͨ̔̔͆̽͂ͧ̊̎̿͟ͅ ̶̶͇̞̻̳̲͙͙͑̿͛ͬ͑̈͛̂̓͛̏͆͛͌̒̈́ͬ̌ͥ́̕ͅt̶̢̧̖̭̭̗̖̪̹̱͖̩͖̮͈̝ͤ̈́́͒ͬ͛́̃̽ͦͯ͌͂ͮ̐̽ͣͥ͜͝h̷̸͈͔̗͈͍͑͌͑ͯ̒̅͘͟͢ē̊ͫ̎ͣ͐̓͋͐̅ͧ̎̓̿͋͝͏̨͕̩͖̝͉̹̲̪̭̺s̥̹̗͙̝̻̦͈̐̌̏̈́͒̐̅͒͂ͨ̌̑̈ͦͩ̿̚͢ę͕̟͓̥̤̤͕͔̗̜̞͙̏ͥ̄̔̓ͭͨ̈ͪ̿́̚͠ͅ ̢̖̼̟̹̙̺͊̐̍͌ͨ̃ͭ̇̑ͭ̓̑ͬͨ̇͋͗̂͘ḍ̣͈̘̪̻̜͐̄͛ͤͥ͋ͮ͐͒̇ͨ̄̉̚͟͟r̡̡͂̾ͧ͐͌̚͟͏̨͉̜̮̩̥͎̼̙͍̥̫ę̴̛̮̫͈̫̙̤͉̝̮̱͎͎͈͙̱͇̍͑̌̍͒͊̽ͨ̆̽̽ͩ͠a̋ͩ̏ͭͥ̀ͫ̇̌́̀͊ͥͭ͆ͭͧ̚̕͢͏̴̙̩͔̪͎̰͠ͅm̵͕͉̩̺̼̍ͤ̅ͨ̑̔̏ͩ̾͐̅ͣ̈̚͘s̢̈́̍̐ͦ̌ͬͨͩ͋́͟҉͔̞̟̪͍̲̪̤̲͚͝͞ͅ ̶̢͉͓̬̳̑ͬ̾͊͢͝ţ̸̱͙͖̥͎̹̣̬̞̩ͨ͑͋̊ͦ̀͘͜h̸̵̡͉̙̼̝͈͉͂̽ͭ̈́̀e͂̀ͤ̑͐ͫ͂͆̂̓̿̚͡͏̷̧̯̻̯͔̹͇̫͈͉̝̟̹̪̤̝r̷͎͕͔͉̝͇̤̻͖̗̥̓̇ͮ̔ͣ́ͤ͌́͗̒̓ͫ͟ͅe͋ͧ̊̓ͤͤ̈͐҉̠̳̣̦͚̹͓̖̣̠̗͈͢͠ ̓ͤ̈́̾ͦ̍̋ͧ͏̷͈͕͕̙̹̟̹͖̥̟̱͇̭̻̝ͅͅį̶͕͎̘̳͉̦̰͔ͫ̌ͯ͋̒ͅs̛̰̦̭͕͇̰̣̠̬͉̺̙̖̗̻̻͙̽͋̅̅͐̉ͨͩ͛͋ͯ̇̈́ ̛̬͚͉̹̟͓͈͂͊̌̅͂ͭͫͣ̔͒ͯ͘͠n̡̆ͪ̏ͩ͗̊ͣ̓̉ͫ̒̑̔ͥ͛̈́̑̒҉̨͍̩̩̠̳̦̦͓͓͎͈̩̬̬̠͉͡õ̡̠͙̤̀̚̚ ̷̩̙̹͖͕̯͓̞̫̼̲̜͇͓̝̦͇̙̽̔ͣͥͩ͞ş̡̗̦̪͇̥͉͇̳̠̊̑ͦ͐̅͟l̒̉ͬ̽ͪ͐̏̐̄̓̍̑͢͏̵͍̭͉̳̜͈̳̭̪̯̬̳͜e̡̠̣̬̣̹͖̙̣̣̒ͦ̊̓ͥͮ́͞ͅȩ̛̝̼̘̻̫̲͎̤̗̥̔ͫ͛ͮͩ̔͊ͯ̓͒̓̌ͬ̎̾̀ͥͧ͘p̦̻̮̜̻͕͚̝͕̰̜̎͋̂̅̀͟͝
76561197992616573,Recommended,209630,8565676,"Posted: 4 January, 2014",all,Sono,"Overall Rating: 6.5 out of 10What happens when you put togetherPortal, Cthulhu Mythos and magnets? this is what you get. In fact, that's precisely what you pay for, and that doesn't disappoint in that regard.Magrunner: Dark Pulseis an interesting first person puzzle platformer. If you've playedPortalorQuantum Conundrum, this is the style of gameplay but instead of portals or changing the dimension the room is in, you harness the power of magnetism. The gameplay is centered around using a Mag Glove to manipulate platforms, cubes and stationary objects to finish a level. This allows a level of thinking similar to other puzzle platformers, but the method was not explored until now.How Does it Play?The game is a real mind bender and has the player execute platforming skills while solving the puzzle on the fly. Not only are you switching the magnetism of something(attract/repel) but you're usually jumping along something at the same time. It usually works. However, the limits of the physics that the Unreal Engine has means now and then there will be moments where the physics will go hay wire and make you redo part of a puzzle again or kill you if you're dealing with explosive cubes or pit falls. Each puzzle takes about the time of what you would expect, about the same as aPortalpuzzle room if you try it the first time. The difficulty curve is gradual and does not erratically change back and forth when progressing.One feature of the game you recieve mid way through the game is Newton, a robotic dog you can attach to most surfaces that has his own magnetic pull(or repel depending on how you want to use him), I found this an interesting way to make the puzzles more interesting, changing the entire thought process on beating a level. However, I found Newton to be really hit or miss. Sometimes his magnetic pull and radius of it to be too small in some instances, when you have to guide along a cube on  wall to get it to the other side of a pit, sometimes the angle on which you're looking to move Newton will mean the cube is just barely out of reach of the ""New"" Newton, and you have to redo that part of the puzzle again(as in the cube respawns at a set point, not restarting from a checkpoint) Another point of dismay with Newt is you might end up spawning him when you don't want to, which can destroy progress on certain puzzles, which can be frustrating.The Mag Glove itself, I must add, is responsive and easy to use, especially with the zoom feature that makes sure you're hitting the right thing when you're in larger areas, you can even hold down one of the mouse buttons to have it paint a laser over where you want to shoot, making sure you're always landing your charge changing shot where you want it.Despite Newton helping you along and the precision and reliability of your Mag Glove, the physics do not feel right in this game. While puzzles work as intended, it feels like the pulling strength is weaker than the repelling strength, which can throw off a players timing and how they are going about solving a puzzle. It also sometimes flat out doesn't work, sometimes you must ride a cube up a shaft or sling accross a chasm on one, and sometimes it just fails with no fault on the players end. Why this has yet to be fixed, I have no idea. Explosive cubes also sometimes blow up in the players hand for no reason, especially on the final boss fight.Speaking of, (spoiler free!) the final boss/puzzle is, interesting. It's not bad, but because of a flaw with saving, it can become impossible. Explosive cubes are thrown at you if you're not fast enough stunning the one who's throwing them at you, and right when you die, you can pass through a save ""gate"" on the platform(s). If this happens, the level must be restarted. This segment of the final area feels tacked on as if they forgot they needed to make a final boss. The save system in general is wonky, you cannot save manual, and it only saves once you reach certain parts of the map, but since the levels do not progress in a set pattern or line, you may find yourself activating a save gate when you didn't want to, meaning, when you do more of the puzzle and die, you go back further than normal, as the gate does not activate again with the exception of a couple levels.All in all, it is perfectly playable, but rough around the edges. If you're a fan of puzzles and platformers, and of course,Portal, then the game is for you. Now, onto the other bits of what the game offers.How's the Story?Bluntly, not good. It feels extremely cobbled together, as if the only thought of the entire development was ""Portal x Cthulhu!"" While an interesting premise, the execution falls flat on its face. None of the characters are likable, the dialogue feels wooden and unconvincing (especially form the antagonist) most if not all character interactions are done from holochat, basically the characters are projected above your mag glove, which is cool, and talk to you, nice idea but it doesn't help much with the story, especially when you die and have to listen and look at them over and over again.The concept of a utopian, globally linked world with Cthulhu Mythos is interesting all the way through, but usually only through the imagery you actually see as you play through the game, later levels have a giant vision/hallucination of cthulhu, in a dark backround while you solve puzzles, it looks utterly incredible and scary. But it does not help the plot, the plot feels extremely shallow and cobbled together, as stated before. I can't emphasis that enough, the game really feels disjointed because of the story.How Does it Look?Great! The game runs on Unreal Engine 3, while aged, still manages to look great with this game, the texture work is fantastic. The latter levels that take place in space are awe inspiring, the nebulae, galaxies and planets swirl around you, the petrified/statues of hidious eldritch nightmares(and the living ones, too!) have real texture and a sense of slime to them. I admit however, the character models aren't that great, they seem modeled well with a good poly count, but they aren't animated very well, including all the people who holo chat with you and the Deep One monsters you encounter(the fish people), are not animated very well and are pretty unconvincing in their movement.The game is fairly easy to run and should run fine on low end computers too. However, if you're playing at a high resolution(1080 p or higher) you will experience some incredible screen tearing, whcih can detract from the set pieces and overall look and flow of the game. Interestingly, vsync can be turned on to mitigate this, but you must do so through the config files, as well as AA, ambient occlusion and motion blur. Why these graphic options are not in the menu, I have no idea.How Does it Sound?Decent. While not the best audio work i've heard, the music is fitting to the level at hand and the eerie and strange tone of the game, while keeping that futuristic, techy feel. The sound effects are great, the clank of a falling cube, the destruction of a wall, the sound of platforms sliding/being activated, the impact of the player as he lands on the ground.Sadly, as mentioned before, the voicework is poor. Not only is it poorly acted, it feels very static when played and not mixed well into the overall sound of the game. For example, when you fall, Dax makes a yell/scream, but it's mastered so low you probably won't hear it unless you have headphones.Good game but flawed, needs work in quite a few areas. You'll get about 10 hours of gameplay your first run, and is enjoyable if just for the first time. However, wait for it to be on sale, $20 USD is a bit too much for this game, $12 feels more fair to the quality, content and length. Take it for what it is, and you'll enjoy it :)"
,Recommended,209630,20101555,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,satsun,"Magrunner is a game that uses gameplay mechanics similar to Portal, you use primary and alt fire buttons to control objects, namely magnetic objects. The puzzles can be fairly challenging and there is a story to follow with characters that show up throughout the game. The acting is a bit cheesy and the main character is too often yelling, but if you're into low-budget sci-fi then you might like this game.This game took me around 11 hours to complete."
,Recommended,209630,13031058,"Posted: 21 November, 2014",all,loquee,"It is a pretty decent game, if you liked portal, antimatter and the likes you will definitely have a good time.Gets pretty challenging after a while!I prefer this over quantum conondrum, q.u.b.e.If you see this below 10 bucks, you should make it part of your collection.Icon also looks nice in the grid view of the library :)"
,Recommended,209630,19238684,"Posted: 23 November, 2015",all,Kodiak-Rush,"Have you ever wanted to save the world from the dark forces of Cthulu using nothing but your wits and a magnet gun? Then this might be just the game for you.First off it’s a puzzle platformer that’s very similar to portal but instead of wormholes it uses magnets to propel you around each stage. It takes a little getting used to but after a couple tries you’ll be an expert at it. The levels range from super easy to figure out to hair pullingly tricky, and with the addition of timed achievements there is a lot of replay value if you get stuck and miss the deadline. The gameplay is simple and fun allowing you to traverse the environment with ease and making you feel pretty clever when you figure things out.The characters are not the most developed but I enjoyed their interaction, as Spartan as they are. The world in which the game is set on the other hand is pretty interesting. A super corporation run by philanthropist billionaire who hopes to save the planet and explore deep space using magnets and his own version of Facebook, sure I’ll bite. And wouldn’t you know it; Cthulu gets summoned and crashes the party.The stage design is pretty awesome as well. It starts out in a giant clean and efficient facility specifically designed to test magnets, just as it should be before it all goes wrong and everything descends into chaos and disrepair. Then when you finally get settled with the creepy underbelly of the facility the game jumps the shark by teleporting you into space and surrounding you with monsters both petrified and living. All the while aforementioned Cthulu is ever present watching your every step along the way.Over all it’s not a perfect game but it is well worth buying if on sale or at full price if you love the genre. The game is fun, the world is interesting and the lore is pretty deep for a puzzle platformer. Portal this isn’t but it’s great none the less.Have Fun ^_^"
,Recommended,209630,24607708,"Posted: 29 July, 2016",all,Atlaimond,"Short preview:(+) Short puzzles. Easy to redo if you missed something. ✅(+) Enough frequent checkpoints. ✅(+) Good story and the main characters did a good voice acting. ✅(+) No fall damage so, you can concentrate to slove the puzzle. ✅(-) Chance to get headache ✗(I had got three times.)(-) Not exactly good fight actions. ✗(It it matters to you, read below.)(-) You may find the puzzles are too easy if you are smarter then ordinary players. For example me. ✗Crashes / Bugs / Glitches:Only one time it frozen, in seventeen hours gameplay, when I replayed it. It seems it doesn't like to load too much maps without restart the game.My personal opinion:Although, I had liked only two puzzle games in my life, the'Soul Reaver'1 and 2, but, something caught me in this game. I guess it's a puzzle game for ordinary players. I worried about the puzzles because I'm not too smart player. But, I could beat most puzzles. Only three times I cheated and watch aYouTubewalkthrough video to see what is the solution.I found it I like to play lazily, release the mouse and keyboard and just watch the screen and thinking. It was a nice and good experience for me that how nice could be a FPS puzzle game.After I finished the game, I started again for I can concentrate only the story. It was also good to play it again, although I had already remembered the most puzzles.The story's atmosphere was a bit weird for me because of the puzzle part of the game. But, I didn't find it would have been bad. So, then it's good weird!Recommendation:I recommend this game to those who;Not hate the FPS puzzle games and want to try one.Want to try a FPS puzzle game but, don't feel yourself enough smart or clever for it.I guess I may recommend to those who like the puzzle games. I'm just not sure that a talented puzzle gamer would enjoy it or find it's boring easy. I don't know.Like to play with magnetic!Achievement hunting:All achievements unlocked well! Without any delay.The hardest achievement is the;Chosen of CthulhuPass Act III without dyingIt's easy to fall into the endless deep, which means die, or be killed by mystical creatures. But, if you know the trick, you could make it a bit easier."
76561198056000019,Recommended,209630,25654371,"Posted: 23 September, 2016",all,bulletcluster,"If Half-Life 1, Portal 2 and Cthulhu Mythos had a threesome, this [Magrunner: Dark Pulse] could be their baby!...Story:You're one of the seven magrunners ready to participate in a space training program which go supeeeer well! and everything goes as planed...don't mind the monsters.Gamepaly:Similiar to portal games but you have a glove-magnetic-gun instead of a portal-gun. The magnetic gun creates a magnetic field -+ which you use on objects in a logic way to pass the puzzles. The story unfolds  as you go through puzzle rooms, but it won't be late 'till you find yourself in more complex stuff than simply chambers. At mid-point I felt some HL1 presence..Xenfor no reason at all! well, not quite"
,Recommended,209630,32802258,Posted: 25 June,all,Aguirre,"I'm 50/50 on this one.cons-Its a little too long, yea we need to learn the mechanics of the game but c'mon it could be a bit quicker, and it has a story that should be more fast paced beging to follow through with the second and third acts .-Also 2 of the puzzles are like a treasure hunt for a hidden box. It's like at one point I found it thought ""oh behind that railing and tucked away"" not like those ever had any use before in the game so i never would have thought to look there because up until this point (80 % in) this ""mechanic"" was never even used.-The story is also kinda lacking and dull. Yea the whole lovecraft thing is awesome but lots of plot holes and things are silly (Example) X character says something that should provoke a response from Y but instead its just the start of the level and no conclusion later on.But besides all that. It is fun, enjoyable, and a new take on these style of puzzles (Portal, cube for example) plus who doesnt want to worship Cthulu. It also had me jump a few times. I recomed it if your looking for something interesting, but not if you want a deep story that brings you to tears begging for more.6/10"
76561198038371482,Recommended,209630,4514488,"Posted: 8 July, 2013",all,Rat 13,"Who could 've thought, that we'll see another great puzzle game? Well here it is! Portal and Magrunner, briliance in it's best!And the best part of it; Cyberpunk meets Lavcraft mythos, and both at very high quality, Play this, if you like puzzle games like Portal and Cube, play this if you love Cyberpunk, play this if you like Lavcraft."
,Recommended,209630,21484067,"Posted: 26 February, 2016",all,Mr [Gh0st],"★★☆☆☆Imagine a mix between Portal and the Xen chapter of Half Life,then you have the last Act of this game.The game is worth it just for that, but the rest is quite mediocre and not very exciting..."
76561198202337641,Recommended,209630,23771652,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,gato.quimico,"Recomend. I started playing this game with GT610 and had to use lowest settings, but now I have GTX750Ti and decided to play it again. Graphics is great, especially on space levels. I am noob in gaming, but I really liked it (the graphics). Puzzles are hard sometimes, which I also liked. It's a bit scarry, as some levels have living things that can kill you.Overall, this was the second game after Portal that I really liked. Higly recommend, especially on the Summer sale!"
,Recommended,209630,8468689,"Posted: 31 December, 2013",all,Jethro-TPF-*LoF*,"It's Portal + Cyberpunk + Lovecraft. That probably sounds great, except it doesn't (and probably can't) have nearly the polish that Portal did. It follows the Portal formula closely enough that I was regularly comparing the two games mentally. This comparison doesn't really come out in Magrunner's favor, given that Portal is one of the best games ever made. However, the plot is somewhere between ""acceptable"" and ""interesting"", and the central game mechanic lends itself to creative and challenging puzzle design. Overall I recommend it, but I'd definitely wait for a sale."
,Recommended,209630,447862,"Posted: 18 June, 2013",all,h0rst aber herzlich,"The ""Early Access"" Version of this game is really great, even though its a little too short and easy. Lets hope the rest of the game puzzles will be a bit harder. Nevertheless, its AWESOME! Just a few more days until release. Have to wait...can't wait...want more...NEED MORE!"
,Recommended,209630,7905304,"Posted: 3 December, 2013",all,Arrotal,A good little puzzle game for a excellent price. It has a great atmosphere however the voice acting falls a little flat.
,Recommended,209630,14945557,"Posted: 18 March, 2015",all,Cormoran,"The best way I can describe this game: Think of Portal, but with magnetism... and Yog Sothothery."
,Recommended,209630,1229498,"Posted: 22 June, 2013",all,Fodder,"FPS platforming done right. Reminiscent of Portal, but with its own take on things. Gameplay and game mechanics are pretty good, and fairly easy to get into while still offering a challenge.Also, Cthulhu mythos all up in this ♥♥♥♥♥. You know you love you some Cthulhu in your games.Rating: IÄ! IÄ! CTHULHU FHTAGN/10"
,Recommended,209630,19795477,"Posted: 19 December, 2015",all,KlýxMašter®,"*** NO SPOILERS ***First off this is NOT a PORTAL clone. PERIOD.With that said, here is my first impression (as I have not played it all the way yet). Magrunner is a genre of first person puzzle games, similar to PORTAL.Like most of you, I was/am a PORTAL junkie. Preferred the 2nd one, but both were great. Then I played them again. Went looking for a clone, could not find one, then played some more. You know the song - sing along! LOL One of the clones I played and was instantly hooked (until I saw the end) was QUANTUM CONUNDRUM. Tough puzzles, very long game, very satisfying - at least until the end - I will alway hate the dev for doing that (no spoilers). So back to PORTAL i went :-), Then tried THE BALL - never finished it - did not have that - ""gotta move on"" motivation - so, back to another game of PORTAL (see, I'm a junkie).The first time I saw MAGRUNNER, I put it on NOT INTERESTED and moved on. It was the cover art that made it look stupid (IMO). And never looked back. Recent I was looking for a time-waster puzzle game - and would you know - MAGRUNNER came up! So as not to spoil the game, I only watched a few levels (2 to be exact) and just had to get the game.Once I got it, I knew I was hooked. Just like QC and PORTAL, it uses devices to solve puzzles. MAGRUNNER is more akin to PORTAL in that it only uses a binary mechanism, in this case a polarity gun. Using the gun you magnitize platforms and cubes to either attact, or repel or neutral.   This is what gives it that PORTAL feel. But that is as far as the PORTAL goes.The puzzles are ""weird"". I mean that in a good way. Farther you go, the more diabolical they get with no clues, and to make things worse, they put objects and hints that are wrong. So you REALLY have to use your noggin to figure them out. The weird part is, that when you do figure it out - they are ""kick-yourself-in-the♥♥♥♥♥quot; simple. Like DUH! simple. But one thing is for sure, these puzzles can be so hard, that there is a great sense of accomplishment when you do figure them out.Graphic wise is a mutt. While the eniroment is amazing, the biologicals just look stupid (to me).  The faceless (robot image not withstanding) GLADOS, made the character seem somewhat real, while in MAGRUNNER the people made me want to run and hide - they were just hideious. I would much rather prefer a loud speaker or intercome with ""voices"" speaking to you instead of those holigrams.  But thats just me, and it didnt really deter me from the game.I would say if your a PORTAL junkie (and who isnt), MAGRUNNER is a MUST HAVE! When you play it, it feels more like a compliment to PORTAL. All the while I was playing, I did not once feel like I was playing a PORTAL CLONE. It was natural.As far as the story, it feels forced to me. While GLADOS (and WHEATLY) got off on testers, and that was pretty much the premise, and QC you were just trying to find your uncle,  MAGRUNNER has a bizzare story. And it always felt like they were making the player ""feel"" what wasnt there. Rushed. To me, all the surprises were NOT. They were expected, or popped up for no reason, as you didnt know the history to understand the punchline.  There was no character devlopment. So I really didnt give too hoots about anyone, I had become a GLADOS - with a HURRY THE HELL UP AND GIMME THE NEXT CHALLENGE.  But thats OK, as I know they will fix that in the next releaseThere will be one right?Anywyas, regardless of the price - you like QC and PORTAL - GET THIS! You wont be disappointed."
76561198001454789,Recommended,209630,8124387,"Posted: 19 December, 2013",all,Charming Cthulhu,Portal + Horror + Magnetism + Cthulhu. What could ever go wrong?
,Recommended,209630,12664570,"Posted: 27 October, 2014",all,Aiiiiieeeeee,More entertaining than Portal. Definite mind benders on a few of the puzzles. Definitely grab this.
,Recommended,209630,6133805,"Posted: 15 September, 2013",all,Flamebeard,"If you like Portal and/or Quantum Conundrum then you will probably like this game. It's the same formula (going to point A to point B while solving puzzles) but instead of Portal's like in Portal, you use Magnetism to traverse in the game. I give it a thumbs up!"
,Recommended,209630,954394,"Posted: 5 August, 2013",all,Sardonic,A mostly fun Portal -Like game with some great puzzles (for the most part).  Worth it if you're a fan of portal style games.
76561197980971062,Not Recommended,209630,19763340,"Posted: 18 December, 2015",all,Big Boss Nass,"(Minor spoilers ahead)This game is just Okay. There are much better Lovecraftian games than this and there are much better puzzle games than this. I am a big Lovecraft fan and I love all games Lovecraft. But this game just seems to ride on the Lovecraftian genre instead of adding anything to it. The story is underwhelming, however I must admit that it is really cool when♥♥♥♥♥♥starts to hit the fan and you hear some weird voices talk about Cthulhu. But other than that, the nouance dies out pretty quickly and becomes lackluster. Like I said prior, it doesn't add anything to the genre, it just abuses Lovecraftian fans to sell more copies.But this game is not bad, it is just nothing special. It mashes together lovecraft and magnetic puzzle game mechanics. The puzzles are hard at times which is nice but they get kind of boring and that is the whole gameplay, if your entire gameplay gets boring and your story is lackluster, then you don't have a very good game.There are also a few stupid things about the game. In case you did not know, magnets work by opposite polarities attracting. OPPOSITE! This game has the same (color) polarities attracting and the opposite (color) polarites repelling. That may be picky, but it is just really dumb and I cannot get over it. Also, at a certain point in the game (minor spoiler) you get to put the magnetic polarities anywhere you want to (rather than just changing the polarities of found objects) but the object it gives you when you shoot an area to put a polarity object there, is a ♥♥♥♥ing robot dog. It is so stupid. They ruined any horror aspect they had right there by putting a stupid♥♥♥♥♥robot dog WHERE EVER YOU SHOOT AT! The game Portal gave you a cool portal when you shot a wall, Magrunner gives you a robot dog. It is so dumb. Who's idea was it? ""Hey I know! lets make it so instead of something cool when they shoot their magblaster, lets have a ♥♥♥♥ing DOG appear every time they shoot at anything! haha it is soo ♥♥♥♥ing LOVECRAFTIAN!""Putting my rant about the stupid dog aside, this game is just all around disappointing. Get it if you really like puzzle games similar to portal. But do NOT get it if you are an H.P. Lovecraft fan, It is simply not worth your time nor money."
76561197971314635,Recommended,209630,8964758,"Posted: 3 February, 2014",all,pinky13666,"Surprisingly good. Lovecraft meets portal-like gameplay. Needs little better storytelling and better final mayhem to my opinion, but it's still good."
76561197998810981,Recommended,209630,7813516,"Posted: 28 November, 2013",all,Tamashi,It's 'Portal lite'. It's an action puzzler. It's not as good as Portal but it is new puzzles to solve. If you finished portal 1/2 and wanted more - this is pretty close.
,Recommended,209630,2038704,"Posted: 19 June, 2013",all,CHRONOBODI,"it has Cthulu in it, enough said. Also, nice Portal mechanics but with magnets. BUY IT."
,Not Recommended,209630,12907038,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,The Real Bob Ross,"It's obvious that this game was only playtested by the developers.  Outside of the very basic mechanics (magnetic attraction and repulsion), very few are adequately explained as they are introduced to the players: mirrors are introduced with just a cryptic image, block-powered magnetic fields aren't at all.  Unlike in, say, Portal or Quantum Conundrum, the environments are very visually busy, meaning that when something new is introduced, it's very easy to mistake as just part of the set dressing.  And overall, the game just isn't very fun to play.  You move infuriatingly slowly, meaning that when you inevitably need to backtrack to retreive a block you accidentally sent flying, the time you are in transit is longer than the actual time it takes to solve the puzzle.  The story seemed interesting, from the part I saw, and the voice talent was pretty good.  But my interest in how the story played out was swiftly outmatched by boredom and frustration."
,Recommended,209630,27919620,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Matom_Bomb,"I honestly would give this a neutral rating if I could. Steam needs a scale for reviews.6-7/10, depending on your preferences.This is basically Portal with magnets and Lovecraftian elements. The puzzles are decent, though there a few levels where you have to run from monsters while puzzling, which aren't all that enjoyable. The narrative was intriguing at first, but falls flat on its face with cliches and so-so voice acting. Lacks polish in certain aspects, but has good graphics and pretty solid gameplay.Overall, 80% of the levels were pretty fun with the other 20% being mildly annoying. I'd say play this if you like action puzzle games like Portal and/or if you love all things Cthulhu.Side note: if you're looking for puzzle games like this and Portal, I can't recommend The Talos Principle enough. Incredibly well designed and has an excellent narrative."
,Recommended,209630,12473671,"Posted: 12 October, 2014",all,drone303,"This is a fun little environmental puzzle game that borrows from some of the puzzle solving traits of Portal. The environments are pretty unique and the graphics are very nice. Controls felt perfect using Mouse and Keyboard. The story and dialogue are somewhat disjointed and the main character seems to be a bit bi-polar with his relationships to the NPC's who constantly seem to want to talk to him. That said, it gets the job done and mostly explains the change in environments.  If you're in the mood for a fun puzzler, check it out. I had a lot of fun playing it."
,Recommended,209630,12464432,"Posted: 12 October, 2014",all,Jiyu,"Portal-like mechanics and a cyberpunk setting meet the Cthulhu mythos. I must say, I was intrigued, especially since I had never heard of this game until a year after its release. I grabbed it on discount for less than a latte. I was surprised at the production value. For an indie crowd-funded game, the graphics surprised me and the gameplay was tight. I am a bit disappointed that it's over, but I will admit that for the price, you can't expect a 60-hour long game. It didn't seem like a rushed ending though, so I am left fulfilled. If I had to point at anything bad, it would be that some mechanics are not introduced before becoming crucial... so you can be left in a position that you simply do not know what to do, especially when they add a time factor. On a few occasions, I had to turn to a walkthrough just to get an idea on what I am missing and then I would be good for a couple more levels."
,Recommended,209630,10141148,"Posted: 16 May, 2014",all,rogermorse@tablet,"Nice ! The story is so so....but the puzzles are quite cool. Basically, mix the mechanics of Portal and Q.U.B.E. together, add Unreal Engine 3, try to put some crazy story together and you have magrunner.The magnet interactions were a nice change from the portals or the stuff you found in Quantum Conundrum. In a way, Magrunner is still different from all the others. It is no masterpiece but it is definitely a good puzzle game. Enemies will also come in some levels to put you some pressure, and the puzzles change enough to keep you interested. The story though (if there is one) is what it is....but better than nothing I guess, and the game has still atmosphere and is polished enough to be enjoyed. 12 Hours to play everything and get every trophy. Get this cheap and go past the beginning that looks a bit lame. 72/100"
76561198151587069,Recommended,209630,15029512,"Posted: 23 March, 2015",all,nekadnow,"Very fun game! Great story if you like Lovecraft. Though the concept is similar, the game itself isn't very similar to Portal but is every bit as fun. I don't really have much bad to say about it other than I wish it was longer."
,Not Recommended,209630,9559494,"Posted: 19 March, 2014",all,[WS]-Sparkyhodgo,"Magrunner exists to make you appreciate Portal.  Yes, the graphics are good, and yes, the magnets are an interesting gameplay mechanic, but the storytelling is thoroughly second rate.  Unskippable cutscenes are everywhere, character development is worse than flat (some of my allies are actually repulsive), and the voice acting and dialogue are clumsy (no one talks like that).  This game has less emotional impact than a companion cube.  I'm left feeling that Cthulu is a crutch, an almost desperate way to try to make me care about the story by using someone else's cool ideas hoping they rub off.Even trying to put up with the story, the gameplay left me frustrated.  It's a steep learning curve, and again because of poor delivery: they just expect you to know things.  Trial and error can only get you so far when you have to perform yet another new maneuver they haven't taught you.  Recipe for frustration.After a couple hours of Magrunner all I could think was how much I wanted to go back and play Portal instead.  So I did."
,Recommended,209630,8449349,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,n00balakis,"If you're into the Portal games, and similar odd games, you may want to try this out."
76561197971532050,Recommended,209630,7302363,"Posted: 3 October, 2013",all,Conditional Love,"Magrunner = Portal with a Cthulu story. Sorry but it just is. Magrunner is nowhere nearly as superbly designed and polished as Portal, but it is a very solid effort.Visuals are good and the story is not bad. The puzzles are interesting because of the novel ""magnetic fields"" (but weirdly work the opposite way of real world magnets) - unfortunately sometimes the puzzles do tend to cross the thin ""unfair"" line  (eg. puzzle pieces are usually subtely hidden) - then again some puzzle fanatics love that ( i don't until i solve the puzzle and then I might).This one is for people who can't get enough of Portal or who simply love interesting FPS puzzle games."
,Recommended,209630,389712,"Posted: 9 August, 2013",all,bafta-winning nutsack noose,good game. nice ending too.
,Not Recommended,209630,18526238,"Posted: 17 October, 2015",all,Zincoshine,"This game is just too mediocre. This review is very accurate:http://www.gamewatcher.com/reviews/magrunner-review/8900Buy Portal instead. Already have portal? Buy MIND: path to thalamus. Already have MIND? Buy qbeh. Already have qbeh? Buy a story about my uncle. Already have uncle? buy Q.U.B.E director's cut. Already have Q.U.B.E? buy Antichamber, etc... Polarity is worse than this though."
,Recommended,209630,12755738,"Posted: 2 November, 2014",all,celeste_ar,"In terms of gameplay Magrunner is a solid puzzle platformer with a very polished feel and nice artstyle.In terms of story Magrunner is a B-game. Sub-par voice acting, Ludonarrative dissonance, Disjointed pacing, Corny writing, Clichés and an overall lack of originality. However, if you like that sort of thing or If you are the sort of person who doesn't care about story and just want to play a good puzzle platformer; This game if for you."
76561198076882334,Not Recommended,209630,24568820,"Posted: 27 July, 2016",all,countryshack,"OH, I hated to give this game a thumbs down. The first part if fantastic!Let me explain. The first part of the game is a Puzzle Game and the second part is an arcade game.For those of you that don't know the difference, I'll explain.A Puzzle game (PUZZLE) gives you a situation that is placed in front of you to solve. You have all of the information that you need up front and you can take your time to intellectualy solve the puzzle.A simple example are the kinds of puzzles on MillerWorldInc.An Arcade game on the other hand is a puzzle of sort BUT it doesn't give you all of the information up front. They were designed to make people keep putting quarters into a video game machine to ""Keep Trying Things Over and Over"" in order to figure out what the Software Designer wanted you to do.Does the Mario Brothers ring a bell?And OVER and OVER is the key word here.The second part of what could have been a fantastic game is reduced to the repetitive Trial and Error crap that was designed into the arcade machines of the past who's main function was to keep you putting quarters into the machine to learn just a little more each time before you were killed by whatever.And this is where Magrunner falls Very Short for puzzle solving people.Like I said, in the beginning you are presented with puzzles for your mind to solve.By the end it unfortunately just turns into an adolescent arcade game.BUT>>>For the few bucks that they are asking, I would still advise PUZZLE PEOPLE to buy the game and just play it until it turns into an arcade game because I think you will still enjoy the beginning which will bring you hours of entertainment."
76561198047402570,Not Recommended,209630,14544841,"Posted: 19 February, 2015",all,nGy,"Messy and Unpolished. Some of the puzzles are fun, but a lot aren't."
,Not Recommended,209630,20199196,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,Decitron,Crashes constantly and video options are badly limited.
,Recommended,209630,24746944,"Posted: 6 August, 2016",all,Scrubsauce,"As far as fictional trope genres go, horror is a close number two to my love for scifi (sorry fantasy).  Anything from slasher to paranormal usually gets me excited and interested, and one genre of horror I've always been in general orbit around is Lovecraftian.  Due to a lack of bandwidth or maybe just poor choices on my own part, I've only dabbled in this area of horror, but have a pretty good idea of how some of the more popular concepts and characters work (spawning all KINDS of shoggoths in Super Scribblenauts back on the Nintendo DS!).Magrunner: Dark Pulse starts out as the gleaming, pretty, Mirror's Edge style universe, with nods to Tesla and Facebook all over the place, that after the first hour or so quickly devolves into this grimy, rusted, supernatural, Lovecraftian romp.  I almost kind of wish they hadn't peeled away the fancy futurist style so quickly, because aside from the early and late chapters, you're left with this rust tinted, more decayed set of maps.  The futurist stuff was probably the prettiest part graphically, and using it so minimally just didn't do the assets justice.  The level designers could have taken some more nods from the Portal series and slowly peeled back those layers (remember how crazy those last few levels of Portal were?).  The final levels are just crazy and wild and nonsensical, and will tickle anyone's Cthulu curiosity if only briefly.Speaking of Portal, as a first person puzzle game with different rooms/puzzles/chambers/situations for each level, there will always be a lot of comparisons to what many will argue is the best benchmark for this type of genre.  Mechanically speaking, the idea of using attracting and repelling magnetic fields on props in the map sounds like a simple binary solution mechanic you find in the Portal series (blue and orange portals vs red and blue magnetic fields), but Magrunner's difficulty curve turns it up to 11 as the narrative proceeds, so if you're looking for a challenge: Have. At. It.  Magrunner actually implements the one thing I always craved in a Portal game though, in that there are levels where you have to outwit enemy AI and cause their untimely demise using your magnetic glove and props on the map.  This is a lot different from the stationary turrets of Portal-land, and can be a lot more intense when the oogie-boogie is trying to grab you relentlessly if you miss that jump.The story has a basic setup for why the protagonist is doing what he's doing, and dives into the ""what the heck even?"" of being thrown into the mix with a Cthulu-death-cult that comes as the standard reaction for anyone who hasn't been exposed to this sort of stuff.  There's nothing outstanding about the narrative, the cut scenes in between acts are told via animated paintings and get the jist of the basic plot across in small bite-sized pieces, while virtual interactions with NPC's do the rest of the heavy lifting in that regard.  The universe itself has some interesting pieces that never quite get explained, like why magnets to do what the Zuckerberg anagrammed benefactor aims to do?  Or what's the deal with mutants in this society?  What happened to the other testing candidates? And what even happened to put Earth into the state its in (to avoid spoilers) after the last level for the epilogues final cut scene?  Maybe if I was more up and up on Cthulu stuff the ending would make more sense, but I've become used to accepting the wtf endings that horror narratives provide so I'll leave it.If you're big on Lovecraftian themes, or are looking for a challenging first person puzzle game with a unique and challenging set of puzzle mechanics, be sure to give this a look when its on sale.  If you're only here for the story you'd be better served looking elsewhere.  As it stands, I can't hold any of the games flaws against it TOO hard, since it does most of what its trying to do competently, and it has a really weird mix of genres in a single place I wasn't expecting to find in the first place."
,Recommended,209630,25929436,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,Grow Wings,"Finally finished this. Pretty good game, but the puzzle mechanics don't feel as intuitive (at least for me) as other games in the genre like Portal or The Turing Test. I found myself, mostly on the later levels, looking up a tutorial video only to smack myself because it seems so obvious in retrospect. The physics aspects of the game don't really help here, though they are generally pretty good with the exception of a few annoyances (like the platforms on circular tracks).Other reviews mentioned it, and yes, two or three levels at the end have you running away from monsters. Even though it fits with the plot (it would be weird if you never ran into them), it doesn't work very well with the game mechanics. Those levels are not puzzles like the rest, but obstacle courses with a big tentacly time limit. Luckily, there are only enough of them to remind you that the minions of C'thulu are still around... But I still feel it detracts from gameplay rather significantly.Someone also mentioned having to dodge insta-death on the last level... It's really not so bad. All you have to do isplace Newton when he throws a bomb, it'll get deflected no problem."
76561198020506980,Recommended,209630,26486522,"Posted: 8 November, 2016",all,Oybluz,"Good portal-like game with an interesting twist. It is not a portal ripoff/copycat, but a new take on the first person puzzle game genre.Warning : in the late levels of the game, there are ""fights"" and ""platforming"" elements, and you don't have as much time to observe and think as in the earlier levels, so don't expect a quiet puzzle solving walk in the park all the way through."
,Recommended,209630,12439464,"Posted: 10 October, 2014",all,hoohex,this game was mint! fun puzzle mechanics and interesting story. value
,Not Recommended,209630,14489452,"Posted: 15 February, 2015",all,⛧ Bjeffwoff ⛧,I don't know what to say about this game.. it looked promising at first and then everything turned CTHULU on you..
,Recommended,209630,24106736,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,Flashmaster185,"Great idea, but the gameplay is very slow, so I dont like it.6/10"
76561198051013424,Recommended,209630,7855910,"Posted: 30 November, 2013",all,JUNK-B3H3M0TH,It's a great game with a great storyAND AWESOME TECH LIKE THE MAGTECH GLOVE!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
76561197992869350,Not Recommended,209630,18153714,"Posted: 22 September, 2015",all,nazxul,First person jumping puzzles - when will developers learn this is a stupid idea?
,Recommended,209630,12486198,"Posted: 14 October, 2014",all,⎛ Alucard ⎞ †,Think with portals... err magnets
,Not Recommended,209630,12545713,"Posted: 18 October, 2014",all,Edelguard,The puzzles are not so good. Just play Portal or Quantum Conundrum instead
,Not Recommended,209630,29590791,Posted: 30 January,all,hestia.is.bestia,Poor man's portal
76561198127313638,Not Recommended,209630,12446264,"Posted: 11 October, 2014",all,ULTRON,this game is a rip off of portal 1 and 2 and the gameplay mechanic sucks my ballsack i can do better science by ♥♥♥♥ing myself this game sucks
,Recommended,209630,9345917,"Posted: 4 March, 2014",all,Orix,"Did you like Portal? How about Antichamber? QUBE? Quantum Conundrum? I could go on... Magrunner: Dark Pulse is one in a large recent trend of first-person puzzlers, where guns are not so much taken out, but repurposed to do something other than kill♥♥♥♥♥♥But what sets M:DP apart from these and other titles?M:DP's puzzle element is ""magnetism"", you give metal objects in your environment (all suspiciously orange, for easy identification) one of two charges (coloured either red or green). Like charges attract, opposites repel. While being the opposite of how the actual forces of magnetism function, it makes sense in terms of game-play. It would be much more confusing if opposing colours attracted, and the similar colours repelling. So you have the perfect set up for lots of Portal and QUBE style puzzle rooms, but, as usual, things don't stay confined within test chambers for very long.Unlike the reliance on humour in Portal and Quantum Conundrum, M:DP's hook is a futuristic narrative with a Lovecraftian horror twist, and it works pretty well. You begin as a superstar test subject, go on to discover crazy cultist conspiracies, and often provide a mobile snack for some very fishy monsters. Questions of sanity vs. the horrific truth arise often, and in the end you are left wondering.So the downside? The physics are quite temperamental. The mix magnetism and momentum work in some quite jerky ways depending on the strength of the force and the speed you travel. Try and create a makeshift elevator too close to a repelling force, and you can be catapulted into a pond of deep-one infested water. Yes, you will die often, but frequent quick-saves prevent too much irritation.In terms of difficulty, some puzzles are devilishly tricky, despite often simple solutions. I had to use a guide for a couple of puzzles that stumped me. The game is quite long, with roughly 35-odd puzzles, taking me roughly 11 hours. It can keep you entertained/frustrated for quite some time.On the whole, Magrunner felt that it was outstaying its welcome during the first half of the game, which spends too long with similar kinds of puzzles (possibly a similar feeling for anyone that has played Portal 2). However, the second half gets a bit meatier and much more dangerous. If you stick with it, you end up with a puzzler that is quite fun, challenging and rather hair-raising."
76561198009580970,Recommended,209630,9539478,"Posted: 18 March, 2014",all,kurlyfoot,"The game is fun, a bit too long, but fun. The puzzles are great. Actually made me think and I have not had that since portal 2. Ending could possibly be better but I am complealy fine with it as is. However, hands down the best part of this game is CTHULHU."
76561198038156154,Recommended,209630,9297789,"Posted: 28 February, 2014",all,Klao,8/10
,Recommended,209630,8711434,"Posted: 14 January, 2014",all,Seventh Arrow,"Comparisons to Portal have always been inevitable, but I wish they had learned from Valve somewhat as far as the puzzles are concerned. I've found them to be fairly inconsistent - you can have one map that's hairpulling-ly inscrutable and then one that's babby's first block puzzle. They also seem to introduce concepts without giving the player any idea of how to interact with them or what they do. Also, the magnetic effects seem to be somewhat unpredictable, in a way - platforms will still drift if they're neutral; using a  jump pad with two boxes launches you high rather than wide, etc. It really does seem difficult sometimes to gauge how different cubes and platforms will work together whether they're red, green, or neutral.In a change from Portal, you can interact with monsters - and by ""interact,"" I mean that they will try to chase you and kill you. At first I didn't care for it, because it didn't seem apropos for a pure puzzle game to add ""running away from monsters"" into the mix, but it actually adds a bit of interest and it doesn't happen that often anyways. The Lovecraftian stuff is done quite well. Like Portal, you start off with pristine, shiny test maps and then start moving down into collapsing, disheveled environments. Except in Magrunner, they're that way because of eldritch horrors busting into the world. It's quite creepy and effective. I also like that you can fall from any height without dying (as long as it's not into a bottomless pit). The voice acting is completely cheesy, though. All in all, I'd say it's worth checking out if it's on sale but some of the puzzles may frustrate."
,Recommended,209630,8681318,"Posted: 12 January, 2014",all,SenorSunday,"You can't help but think of this as Portal with Cthulhu. Few mechanics are the same (surreal puzzles, no fall damage, focusing on the effects of inertia under surreal conditions, etc) but atmospherically it is very different but equally as great. The puzzles at times are difficult because it isn't clear what is and isn't possible, trial and error.Short like Portal, fun like Portal. Different enough to not feel like custom Portal maps."
,Recommended,209630,848965,"Posted: 14 September, 2013",all,SpinGee,Best Portal clone. I really enjoyed it.The game is unfortunetly very underrated.
,Recommended,209630,8895824,"Posted: 28 January, 2014",all,I Am Weasel,"Portal-like game with a twist: Cthulhu's minions take over the testing facility and you have to survive. It's a nice and fresh little addition really, and since I didn't read about the game before playing it came out of nowhere when they appeared ingame. Great puzzles, challenging levels, and a nice atmosphere. Recommended if you liked Portal and Quantum Conundrum."
76561197971222016,Recommended,209630,7905455,"Posted: 3 December, 2013",all,Saint Luca,"This is a puzzle/horror game which I really enjoyed. Take your time solving the puzzles and sit back and enjoy the atmosphere.I just want to set something straight: A lot of people are comparing this to Portal, except this game doesn't deal anything with portals. It's got its own approach of using magnets. The only similarity between the two is that they're both first person puzzler/platformers. I just wanted to make that clear.I only wished this game had a time attack mode or something to make the 2nd and 3rd playthroughs more interesting/challenging. Oh well, but it was definitely a fun distraction.- Edited for spoilers."
,Recommended,209630,3772073,"Posted: 20 June, 2013",all,E-Nigm@,Отличная замена Portal
,Recommended,209630,17881136,"Posted: 4 September, 2015",all,Kryyss,"First things first. Are you looking for a Lovecraftian game or looking for a mind-bending puzzle game? The appeal of Magrunner will depend upon what you want from it. Above all else, this is a puzzle game in the same category as Portal whereby you progress from 'chamber to chamber' with a bit of narrative thrown in. Do not be fooled, the Lovecraftian storyline is a backdrop but thankfully one that gives you extra enticement to see what happens next. Would Magrunner have been as enjoyable without it? Probably not, but the same could be said of Portal. The narrative enhances the experience without detracting from the true focus of the game.Difficulty? It varies far too much. There is no clear curve and one truely mind bending puzzle can be followed by something completely obvious. As for the degree of the hardest puzzles? Certainly up there along with Portal 2's calibre, some of these will have you nearly at the point of giving up but then you have that 'ah ha!' moment and you're moving again.If there was one downside to the game is that there is a scene near the start which is needlessly gory. I know it was intended to give a sense of terror but in reality what made Lovecraftian storytelling so great was what the mind suggested but the eyes could not see. Magrunner doesn't do that and there isn't any element to the game related to the usual insanity associated with the Cthulhu mythos. There is a wierd screen effect which occurs from time to time, which I won't go into in order to avoid spoilers, but it has no impact upon gameplay.Recommended? For sure. But be aware that the replay value here is absolutely zero, once it's done there is nothing to bring you back. For me, it took around 10 hours but for some it may be less or more. In either case, it's one for a rainy weekend. It would be nice to see the developers make a sequel to this though."
76561198055795011,Recommended,209630,17193546,"Posted: 23 July, 2015",all,↓ʘmega↑,"Very interesting and intricate game.Obviously heaevily Portal inspired, but not so much in an obnoxious way.Either way, it is a great game, very enjoyable and rewarding.I don't think this game gets enough credit. Perhaps if it was made by a more experienced set of developers, had a better, smoother engine, and a more original storyline, it would get a lot more notoriety."
76561197975622347,Recommended,209630,16332998,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,Sparrow,"I really enjoyed this game. Imagine 'Portal' with magnets. Oh, and CTHULHU!!! They actually did a really good job of bringing Lovecraft's mythos into the game. No guns, no way to defend yourself except using the environment, a very creepy atmosphere, occasional terror and running away, all while slowly going insane. I would recommend it."
,Recommended,209630,808189,"Posted: 21 June, 2013",all,Prasfear,Spectacular stuff!
,Recommended,209630,16196880,"Posted: 4 June, 2015",all,S.B. Likescraft,"Magrunner is similar to Portal, in that both are puzzle platformers with one central game mechanic that is used both to get through levels and (occasionally) defeat or avoid enemies.  But that's where the similiarites end.  Magrunners is set in an interesting future utopia (or dystopia, depending on your point of view).  It's early visuals are appropriately bright and cheerful for the setting.   However, as the game progresses this  gives way to horrific landscapes and an unsettling atmosphere.  Magrunner delves fairly deeply into tropes of the Cthulhu mythos, but combining it's cultists and nightmare creatures with a futuristic setting and puzzle platforming creates something fresh.  The art direction is fantastic, and the Lovecraft inspired creatures and settings are appropriately unsettling and awe-inspiring.  The few characters you interact with are interesting, and their voice acting is fairly good.   That being said, your interactions with these characters are  fairly limited.  Magrunner creates an interesting world and characters, but it feels like you barely scratch the surface of exploring either.  On the birght side, that leaves lots of material for a sequel.All in all, I thoroughly enjoyed the game.  I reccomend it to any fans of puzzle games, platformers, or HP Lovecraft."
,Recommended,209630,16405313,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,VestOfHolding,"I almost wish I hadn't known about the injection of Lovecraftian mythos from the trailer, because finding that out as I was playing the game would've been jaw-droppingly awesome.  Yet, knowing that was coming was exactly what convinced me to buy it, so I don't know what to do about that.Anyway, this game is a very challenging but very well done puzzle platformers, where magnetism is the main mechanic.  I've had a lot of fun with this, and anyone who's up for a challenge and really cool story should check this out."
76561198035420409,Recommended,209630,4312683,"Posted: 10 September, 2013",all,Evlyn M,"Strange mix of puzzle, sci-fi and lovecraftian horror. I like."
,Recommended,209630,15032256,"Posted: 24 March, 2015",all,El_Desenladrillador,"This amazing first person puzzle platformer features not only quite interesting magnet-based game mechanic, but also a decent plot and a cute robot dog.Oh, and Cthulhu."
,Not Recommended,209630,14923573,"Posted: 16 March, 2015",all,ShXIII,"Magrunner: Dark Pulse (PC): Just beat this and it was uhhh ok I guess. If you like Qube, Quantum Conundrum, Portal series you may enjoy its puzzles. Story made no ♥♥♥♥ing sense what so ever and honestly I don't really care. The Cthulu mytho thrown in was cool I suppose. As with all puzzles games they always have around 3-4 puzzles that really♥♥♥♥♥♥me off and almost had me rage quitting. I guess its worth a play through if you are itching for puzzle platforming just wait for a sale first."
,Recommended,209630,7888226,"Posted: 2 December, 2013",all,Ganjika *,"A interesting, Portal-like, experience worth checking out."
,Recommended,209630,476746,"Posted: 20 September, 2013",all,krimhorn,"In a world where everyday physics puzzlers are commonplace, Magrunner tries to fit in.As you might be able to tell from the title, Magrunner is a game about Magnetism. A funky, everything-works-opposite-of-reality magnetism, but magnetism nonetheless. Much like Portal has two different portals (an in and an out) Magrunner has two polarities (Red and Green). Like polarities attract and opposites repel. There are also two different SHAPES of charges. Most items have a spherical charge but a couple of items have a cylindrical charge. By manipulating the items' charge you move around the environment trying to get to the end. Fairly simple, right?Well, not exactly. The puzzles, for the most part, fall into three categories: blindingly obvious and boringly simple, frustratingly obtuse, and frustratingly obtuse until you've solved it and realized that it's actually quite remarkably elegant (you just solved it in the hardest way possible).The last two I lay entirely on the feet of the developers. Where Portal taught the player each mechanic in a multi-step process, where it would be hard to fail to notice the specific technique they were teaching you. Magrunner doesn't. In fact the puzzles often throw several new concepts at you within a single puzzle with absolutely no indication of what's supposed to be done. Sure, if you watched the trailer you'd recognize the cube whose sides are independent of each other and can thus be ""opened"". But the one time you see it in-game before being tasked to use it in a puzzle is from the INSIDE. In a location where you cannot see the cube together or even, really, the sides at all. This is but ONE mechanic and ALL of the mechanics are equally poorly communicated.That's not to say the game isn't fun. When the puzzles come together and you manage to see the steps to solve it they can be great fun. There's a lot of potential here; it's just up to the developers to learn how to educate the player as clearly and effectively as Valve did with Portal.If I have any other complaints it's that it's just too long. The game overstays its welcome by about a third of its length. There are 36 puzzles, many of which can be quite involved and take some time to figure out. If the game were 20-25 puzzles long it would be a perfect length (about as long as Portal was). As it is I had to push myself to finish the final ten(ish) levels.I'd also like to call out one of the later levels: this game has the best ""running"" level since Call of Cthulhu: Dark Corners of the Earth's second level. Seriously, get in a groove in that level and go."
76561198019906160,Recommended,209630,8172445,"Posted: 21 December, 2013",all,NetMoverSitan,"This is a game for those that like Portal and Portal 2, a decent plot and a gameplay mechanic revolving around magnetic polarity. Might not be on the same scale as Portal 2 but...what do you expect for a game that costs 1/2 as much as Portal 2 when it was first released?!It also has a few Doom 3 ""scare"" moments, so this is not for the faint hearted or those with health problems that are made worse by ""Jump scares"" or similar plot devices.It does ease you into it before it gets challenging, don't expect a sharp near-vertical ""Dark Souls"" type difficulty curve.For those that are into First Person Puzzle games, go buy this. (cash permitting)"
,Recommended,209630,12429183,"Posted: 9 October, 2014",all,Sahkonteic,"Starts out as the Hunger Games, then becomes Portal"
76561198032317640,Recommended,209630,12466464,"Posted: 12 October, 2014",all,grislexian,"This is a puzzle-platformer that's slavishly similar to Portal 2 (with its Third Act borrowed from the original Half-Life), but with weak story-telling.  Character motivations, actions & emotions have been molded to fit the narrative, and are thus rendered unbelievable.  I suppose the developers did the best they could.  It's worth one play-through, so buy it on sale.While it's billed as ""Lovecraftian,"" there isn't any exploration of the Cthulhu mythos.  The Elder Gods are herein re-purposed as mere graphic assets; stand-ins as both villain and Macguffin.  Not a shred of awe or horror is to be found here.An aside:  In spite of what many of the preview screenshots suggest, this game is in First Person perspective."
,Recommended,209630,12467471,"Posted: 12 October, 2014",all,Apollo Blue CS.MONEY,this game is like a remake to portal but so much diffent things you can do and i like the way that you can change the coulur of the map :)
76561198097705757,Recommended,209630,11094464,"Posted: 5 July, 2014",all,Zakorok,Just-just play it!That awesome.
,Not Recommended,209630,23641169,"Posted: 18 June, 2016",all,Brad'sGamingPlace,"Re-do Review:I'm going to state my opinion of Magrunner's Gameplay, Story, and other miscellaneous bits that I feel are worth mentioning.Story:The story show promise for the first few hours. An introduction with beautiful art illustrates our main characters, and also delivers a bit of back-story on what today's hottest events are about. The first area the story fails to grab with is by not giving enough character to the characters. They show emotions, and say words, but it doesn't feel like what anyone says is important to more than moving the story forward. To put it loosely: it's not enjoyable to hear.(SPOILERS FROM HERE ON TO THE END)Cthulhu enters scene, and he proceeds to step on a stone and fall on his face. Honestly, why couldn't the developer/publisher just have left Cthulhu out of it until we found it out in the story.Promotional screenshots, trailers, literally the first sentence of the store description informs the buyer/player that the Cthulu Mythos is revelent to this game. WHY? It makes the actual reveal lackluster.However, for a positive on the story, when we do start to leave the facility, and hints of Cthulu, and the unknown are present; the setting is truly un-nerving because it's that contrast of hell and high-class facility that keeps you on edge for a while.I also found the third act having been devoid of dialogue a bit sad. Though the mad scientist was fun to see! Crazy buggard.Gameplay:The gameplay is something I would call rough. The ideas are all there. The puzzle have a lot of thought put into them, and the challenge is pretty high, and unlike some I liked the wide/big enviroments, because the art/designs of many of the rooms were pretty rad.The mechanics are cool for the first half of the game. They involve using a reverse magnetism with like polarities attracting, and opposites going away from one another(They most likely did this so if you wanted to connect more than two objects there wouldn't be any conflicting issues with two objects being the same, and one being opposite, and everything flies everywhere)There's a lot of pieces that are involved in solving the puzzles, like: platforms, pendulems, boxes, smaller boxes, and what I'd consider the worst addition to puzzle solving: the entrance of Dex's dog Newton. All puzzles until the introduction of this dog had you using boxes and platforms in your environment. And also by changing their polarities and locations to then reach an end. This dog however changes everything. It lets you place either polarity basically anywhere. It's like if in Portal you could place a white-portal-placing-wall anywhere for solving puzzles. It would be a nightmare.Speaking of nightmares, I don't remember the name of the level now, but I skipped the entire level by falling off an edge and onto the environment. I did so out of pure frustration for the amount of ""things"" present for the puzzle. similarly the rock design of space created a lot of situations where I could be stuck, or just shimmy around the environment, like it felt as if I shouldn't be allowed to go to those areas.Last bits on gameplay: The puzzle difficulty really ramps up around the middle, and some of the latter puzzles are downright evil in design, and left me wondering if the developer just thought we'd know that we should carry boxes on the under-belly of platforms that are transfered from another platform.Graphics:I really do love the graphics on this one. Just because it's unreal from 2013 doesn't mean it doesn't look good. I'd love more non-sense effects like depth of field (present for a short while after entering a room) motion blur, better anti-aliasing, and bloom (please don't shoot me if these are actually present) As it doesn't seem to have that 110% C I N E M A T I C presentation of a 2016 game, because it isn't one.But, act 1's clean facilities are a beaut to see, and the design put on show would be breathe-taking to actually see in person. the second act feels a bit to old and rustic without much change over 3 hours, but that was probably the intention. And, by act 3 we hit full space-on-Cthulhu action, and some of the locals in this act are pretty dang-on fine.The animations are a mix of great, and iffy: The human's movements are great, and add what little character the characters need into place, but the animation on The Old Ones doesn't feel weighty enough. It kinda looks like someone did a mo-cap for it, and didn't edit it afterwards.The models look great. From Gamaji's multiple appendages flying about, to Xander's blood soaked face in the third act; All the models are of high quality, and look like actual people.textures could be better.Other Thoughts:-Cthulhu is hinted far to early, and too obvious, as the transmission in the subtitles clearly shows the first and second part of the name cthulhu with the sentence shown.-Second also is that we see Xander once or twice, and the reveal of him being mad doesn't have enough punch because of it. Maybe a bit more interaction with the main character, would've benefited the development.-More tips. Maybe it's because I was on an SSD, but I only saw 2-3 tips that were barely relevent to solving puzzles. mostly just on the basic controls. So, more text-boxes or explanations on the physics of the game would've made the second and third act ride on smoother.-Sometimes the physics work, and sometimes they don't. A lot of it relies on calculations, and numbers that we as players literally cannot see in the code. It's infuriating for a platform to fall down, down, down because it was a hair away from connecting WITH THAT DAMN DOG.Final note:An interesting gameplay mechanic, thrown in with Cthulhu, but ultimately both pieces are on the rough side. So, I give it an average 5/10"
,Recommended,209630,21040093,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,D4r10,"And there was I... Having fun, putting my neurones to use (for once), doing my Aperture-ish science stuff, just minding my own business......and a fhtaging Shoggoth attacked me!!! D:8/10 would lose sanity again"
76561198001593974,Recommended,209630,20742110,"Posted: 24 January, 2016",all,Moxie,"Not as good a game as Portal, but then what games is. A decent, if at time frustrationg puzzle game with a nice twist. Certainly worth $10. 7/10"
76561197971119832,Recommended,209630,21191915,"Posted: 13 February, 2016",all,mike2kslam,"In a nut shell this is Portal clone. Not as polished as I would like, I'm referring to the pace of the game. To me it feels like stages with no real underlining engrossing story. I did like a lot of the puzzles, tho some could have done with a bit more guidance.  Not a bad game if on sale, however full rrp, not sure I would buy.6.5/10"
76561197973664048,Recommended,209630,21195320,"Posted: 13 February, 2016",all,Bandersnuke,"Physics tools and scripted object combinations allow ‘Magrunner: dark pulse’ to stand out from genre corner-stones like Valves portal series.  Players enjoying first person plat forming and puzzles should swipe right.  With few faults and a sale price of $2.50 I was definitely pleased and should community tools ever appear I would expect to revisit magrunner often.I spent about 8 hours within the campaign, which opts for a discovery based introduction to mechanics in place of a formal tutorial.  The story isn’t the strongest but its clear the developers put a lot of work into fleshing out an alternate future worthy of interest and steeped in well modeled Lovecraft figures like dagon, shub-niggurath, and of course Cthulhu.  While the story starts strong and finishes resolved, at some rare plot points in the center narrative felt a little jerky. Players might find the characters making snap conclusions without proper pretext or delivered from danger without cause. These bumps aside I often felt compelled to push on into the night far more often then I felt I needed a break. Magrunner is also well voiced.  Every member voice cast does a great job of conveying the emotion and urgency core to the plot.  However, the performances at times feel slightly disconnected from each other giving the impression that the cast may have recorded independently.Magrunner is often a good looking game, making proper use of some of Unreal’s strongest tools to great effect.  The graphics are scaled surprisingly well and players running on high and low settings alike can expect pleasing experience.  It’s not to say the settings are indistinct, only that the texture masking and engine optimization is done so well that players scraping the minimum requirements need not fear.  Only in few rare sections were the game tries to convey aged and dilapidated environment did some of the textures and geometry feel a little rushed.I really enjoyed magrunner’s simple yet rewarding mechanics.  Magrunner uses a combination of point physics and scripted objects like cube stacks, catapults, and conveyors, to generate puzzle solutions. The added utility of using any object as ether an attractor or repulser generates addition diverse game play, often with multiple solution paths.  I understand some people might feel more rewarded solving puzzles with distinct and singular solutions.  However, I felt the addition of sometimes rigged solutions via flexible game play elements, intended or otherwise, were a welcome addition to the genre.  There were definitely times we felt we stumbled across rigged solutions, and couldn’t be happier.I also might have enjoyed more horror driven elements.  While I understand that outright combat would have betrayed the genre a few scripted jump scares and more threatening wards would have felt right at home.  In terms of design I could only find a few things I could do without.  For one magrunner’s polar projectiles move way to slow for my taste and adds an extra layer of execution to game play that I found more frustrating than rewarding.  Why they didn’t use hit scan I’ll never know.  For the most part though the game play is easy to execute and navigate.  In terms of visuals the disembodied platforms were the only thing that ever felt consistently cheap, and stylistically independent of most other game assets.  While I understand sometimes tough visual sacrifices have to be made, I found said platforms to the only glairing visuals blemish on an otherwise spotless title.Magrunner is mostly designed for a single pass.  There are a few speed running achievements to draw you into a second, much shorter, go.  But we doubt this will be reason enough for most players to make a second pass  We completed the campaign in a little under eight hours and don’t expect that grabbing those last few loose achievements will push us much past 10.  However, should a level editor or community workshop be added….Oddly enough we have to note one last thing. Some of the marketing elements on the store page may not be accurate.  I was only able to play 39 levels, not the video advertised 41.  Unless I missed a few hidden levels, and even if I did, most players should expect a 39 level play through.  Secondly store page screenshots appear to have been rendered out of game using in game assets.  There is no third person perspective and I was unable to recreate some of the lighting effects as seen in the screenshots.  These variations while small give the sense that the game is slightly more intense and more widely animated than it is.  Though I doubt any misleading was intentional, and surprising given how good the game actually looks. We suggest you watch game play first before buying.Pros and cons weighed I suggest grabbing Magrunner next time you see it on sale.  For the achievement gamer however we think this game is a fairly priced at $10.  Thank you for reading and I hope this review helps you find a game you’ll enjoy.-Bandersunke"
,Recommended,209630,20674072,"Posted: 21 January, 2016",all,BruceSerrano,It's pretty good. It reminds me of a 3d Teslagrad.
,Not Recommended,209630,20592894,"Posted: 17 January, 2016",all,SolPurpose,"TLDR An uninspired portal clone with boring gameplay. Spits in the face of lovecraft and his works.Gameplay - Like portal if you stripped out all fun and creativity. The puzzles are a slow chore. The mechanics are awkward and tend to be either overly simple or frustratingly finicky. The majoritfy of gameplay revolves around slow moving platforms. It's like someone designed the magnet mechanics and realized you couldn't make any interesting puzzles with them after the fact.Story -  Fails to deliver on every count. Terrible acting. It attempts to work in the cthulhu mythos and fails to capture what makes lovecrafts' work interesting. Easily the most underwhelming portrayal of cthulhu and his related themes I've ever seen. South park did a better job. All information is given as exposition dumps. Characters seem to change personalities at random.Visuals - This is really dissapointing because the game starts strong. The bright, colorful aesthetic of the first thirty minutes is very appealing, with cool lighting and reflections. It tries to do the same trick as portal though, and the rest of the game has the ""behind the scenes plumbing"" look. This means a lot of drab for the majority. The outer space stuff at the end looks good in screenshots but is ugly and stiff in practice."
,Recommended,209630,21827894,"Posted: 13 March, 2016",all,GarrickWinter,"So it's magnetic puzzles with Cthulhu, basically. Normally you'd expect magnetic fields to attract fields of opposite polarity, but not here - here opposites repel, it seems. I guess that when we're talking about alien horrors that drive you insane, this is what we mean now.All things said and done, though, this is a competently executed puzzle game. I'm not great at puzzle games and I got stuck a few times, and some of the puzzles rely less on planning and more on timing than I'd like, but overall I found the difficulty fitting for a casual puzzle player. The story is fine overall, though some of the voice acting is a bit wooden, and the ending is actually kind of interesting, though it also features some fashionable criticism of social media that feels unnecessary and disconnected from the rest of the game. Cthulhu likes to sit on the edge of certain maps and growl his name at you over and over again, which is cool the first time but quickly gets kinda weird. Seriously, Cthulhu, we get it. Calm down.Overall, a decent game though not really outstanding by any measure. Give it a shot if you like first-person puzzle games!"
,Recommended,209630,12856532,"Posted: 8 November, 2014",all,gorpie,"This game reminded me of Portal.If you liked the puzzles in Portal (still can't decide if it's like 1 or 2, or both), you should try Magrunner!"
,Recommended,209630,31819782,Posted: 18 May,all,Folle,"Hall of Fame.Severely under-rated Portal-like puzzle-horror with incredible story, world and atmosphere, as well as sufficently difficult and satisfying gameplay. Starts out simple and fairly unimpressive, but quickly grows tenfold into something much more."
76561198017321912,Recommended,209630,31077810,Posted: 11 April,all,windwalker,"Quick Portal overhaul guide: change portals into magnets, switch GLADOS with CTHULHU and voila - you have Magrunner. Thats pretty much it. If puzzles and Lovecraftian Mythos are your things - you will probably like the game, if not - than dont bother."
,Recommended,209630,29973509,Posted: 16 February,all,trgz,"First off, it ain't no Portal.The story, and voice acting, are average at best but the solving of puzzles is satisfying enough to keep you going (so far). I actually turned the voices down initially but found I was reading the text instead which was distracting).If you can get it cheap and can handle the frustration (and frankly♥♥♥♥♥♥poor animation) in the latter stages of the game then get it. Those factors got the better of me so I ditched it with only 3 levels (of 36?) to go.Some of the learning curve leaves a lot to be desired - at various stages you are left to make radical leaps in understanding as to what needs to be done (but that's what walkthroughs are for, right?).this is one of those 'less than £4 games' that you can afford to dislike (or get a refund)"
76561197993436635,Recommended,209630,31500738,Posted: 1 May,all,Geminye,Great game.  It didn't get as much high acclaim and popularity as it should have.  People should still buy this game today.
76561197994559443,Recommended,209630,1549181,"Posted: 18 June, 2013",all,✭GreenHero✭,Crap. Never buy it.
,Recommended,209630,33023076,Posted: 29 June,all,EatTheVoices,"While its one of my favorite games, It has its tought moments. The end can get a bit rough. But stick it out, its a fun ride."
,Recommended,209630,35055819,Posted: 18 September,all,xevious2,"It's a pretty good impersonation of Portal 2. Has elements of Chuthulu, Cube (film series),  H. P. Lovecraft Cthulhu, and the hunger games. Think magnets instead of portals."
